5	If you've been to Vegas and haven't been here then you are missing the most spectacular view in Las Vegas. Also, the scene here is ultra-cool but they don't seem to mind a few squares (like me and my friends). This is basically a very cool club with a view that will make your whole trip memorable.
5	Ultra cool and trendy bar atop Palm Hotel. However, lines are long and unless you do the "hand-shake", it's rather difficult getting in. Our friend "tipped" the bouncer and 8 of us got ahead of the line and went in with no wait! Those in line told us they had been waiting over an hour! Phew...
5	Oh I felt like the President trying to get into this place.  I swear they have government officials working the front door.  If you are not on the VIP list be prepared to WAIT in line forever.  I did not have to wait, and to be quite honest I would not have waited.  There are too many other things to do in Vegas besides wait in line somewhere.The Club itself is very cool and exclusive.  It is on the top of The Palms Hotel and Casino--part of the club is out side on the roof, so the view of Vegas is very cool.   There is a part of the floor that is plexi glass and you can see down to the ground...not for the faint of heart.  I do not usually have Vertigo, but this made me queasy.    There is something not quite right about standing on a piece of glass many stories up.  Beyonce was in the house the night I was there, but she was in the celeb lounge and I was outside so I did not see her.If you want to feel like you are part of the " in crowd" then try to get into Ghostbar.  Be sure to dress the part....as they will seriously send you away if you are not dressed up to their standards.  Snotty--YES, but they say it keeps the riff raff out--whatever riff raf is!
4	There's nothing quite like dancing on the deck 52 stories above the strip with the summer wind blowing your hair around. It makes anyone feel like a hip hop video vixen. Yes boys, even you.
2	If you just want to been seen and not really have any fun then this is the club for you. The setting is novel for a few minutes, till you realize to enjoy it you have to be outside in the Vegas weather, and inside the music is too loud to function for a spot without any real dancing. The wait is extensive (if you aren't on the VIP list) and once you're inside the drinks are overpriced and the posers are annoying. PS even though the store says forever 21, there really is a limit to how old you can be to pull off those clothes.
4	Really fun club. Make sure you get a table. Otherwise it's not as much fun and the drinks end up costing too much. Plus no wait in the line.
4	My favorite place in Vegas to have a drink and lounge.  It's on the roof of The Palms' Hotel & Casino, and the view of the strip from the outdoor balcony is spectacular. The music is generally good as far as clubbing music goes.  If you prefer a lounge over an all-out club, take the elevator up to the roof to come here instead of waiting in the neverending line leading into Rain, Palms' other hotspot.
5	This is probably my favorite bar/lounge in Vegas. Make sure to get bottle service, so you have a table to hang out at. The bar is hot and happening most nights, and there's enough of a dance atmosphere to jiggy wit it when the honeys come calling. The highlight is of course the outdoor area which, 52 stories up, gives you one of the most spectacular views of The Strip. Very sceney, and that's a good thing.
1	[Note: This relates to a visit in January of 2005, but I doubt anything's changed much - updates welcomed.]Ok, maybe I'm a contrarian, maybe this cr*p is the standard situation at lots of nightclubs, and maybe this was just a bad night - but I'd had people falling all over themselves telling me how great "Ghost Bar" at the top of Palms was, so I and my friend went with our girlfriends on a Friday night to check it out.   First mistake.We quickly discovered that Palms hotel divides its potential customers into two groups: "VIPs" - i.e., those willing to fork over an obscene amount of cash to a greasy-haired security punk; and The Cattle.  The Very Important Wallets waited in a crowd of 50 or 60 in front of an elevator at the side of the casino floor.  Every fifteen minutes or so the elevator doors would open and three or four Very Important Wallets would disappear within. A question to the aforementioned greasy punk revealed that he expected a "tip" of fifty dollars - that's $50.00  **per person** - to gain the privilege of standing in this Very Important crowd.  He was, moreover, kind enough to inform us that he had a clone waiting at the top of the elevator at the entrance to the bar itself, and that Greaseball 2 would also be expecting an additional $50.00 from us, per person, in order to actually get in.  So we were looking at a total of $200.00 per couple just to get into this joint.Folks, call me odd, but where I come from this is called "a shakedown."Thoroughly disgusted, we took the other option: The Cattle Pen.  This was a line of people corralled a few yards away between a couple of those rope barriers you see at movie theaters, about 20 or 30 deep, each of them there on the assumption that, though slower than the "VIW" line, it would actually move at some point.  Second mistake.  After an hour it had remained absolutely inert. After another half-hour of continued mind-numbing catatonia we had come to the conclusion that no nightclub "experience" was going to tip the scales against the dull, degrading scam that had been thrown in our faces thus far - so we turned 180 and walked.   This was not before we were given, as a small mitigating perk while we waited, a free Floor Show - consisting of a sloppy drunk emerging from the elevator, passing out cold on the carpet, then being revived and carted away on a stretcher by paramedics.  A real class joint, this Palms Ghost Bar.So we drove across Flamingo Road, went up to the Voodoo Lounge atop the Rio hotel, where we were utterly blown away not just by the panoramic open-air views of the city from the two dance terraces, but also by the civilized staff and admissions policy.  Reasonably respectable clothes and a modest cover charge - $20 a couple if I remember correctly - and about five minutes in line, and we were stompin' on dance floors surrounded by Vegas' single greatest panoramic city view.  Frankly I will never care what Ghost Bar has to offer and, barring a major change of the Palms' ownership and entire management staff, I'll never waste my time, money and generally even temperment trying to find out.  I'll just leave this here as a warning to those who similarly value their time, money and basic human dignity.  Judging from what others have said about the Palms Ghost Bar, what you get for hours of self-abasement and wallet-emptying is a standard DJ bar that's crowded as hell and has a gimmicky see-through floor in one section.  Zowie.
4	If you're visiting Vegas this is a really great place to check out. It's pretty much like a lounge/bar. This place is Beautiful inside and out! The music they played was awesome too. It's located in the Palms Hotel and Casino. The best part is the view! You are up as high as I believe something like 50 stories, and you can see the entire view of the strip. Amazing, Amazing, Amazing that's all I can say. It did lose a star because it's doesn't have a dance area...but it's still worth checking out.
5	I honestly can't remember if I went here or not.. but what the hell I'll write a review anyway! Great place, fun times, you might feel sick in the morning!
4	Kind of like the Rooftop bar at the Standard Hotel in Downtown.  Lots a places to sit out side and chill with your drink and friends, and you can see all of vegas from about a quarter mile in the air.  Just don't get too drunk and near the ledge.  Inside there is a dance area surrounded by people who can only get it with bottle service, so if you are dancing, be prepared to get started at by those in the No Game Corner ;)
1	5 stars for the view, -4 stars for the place.  You wait in line to get in the elevator.  The cover is like 20 bucks, and there is no dancing allowed.  The drinks were watered down.  We arrived to a pretty packed bar and started out on the balcony.  The view was dope, but the wind was kicking up, so we decided to go inside.  Just as we went inside, there was a group leaving in the corner with a few seats and a table.  Another group then left next to that table.  We walked over and sat down at the place with the best view.  Soon the table next to us was filled, and it appears all was well.  A friend of mine goes to the bar and gets the first round of Heineken.  Before he makes it back, a bouncer steps over to us, and tells us to get up.  We told him that we just got here, and he says that we are in vip seats (when the vip marked section is on the other side).  I try to reason with him, but it was just me and 3 girls, and my friend is at the bar getting drinks.  We go back out to the balcony and brave the breeze, while the table with the lesser view that was next to us get to remain in their seats undisturbed.  Finally my friend finds us, and tells me that the bouncers have taken over the place where we were sitting and using it to place chicks so that they can score.  I was pissed, but let it go because there was no use dwelling on it.   I tried to have a good time.  I had only had one drink (and it was a beer), and just ordered my second one (some mixed drinks that someone requested), when I found out that my drink had no alcohol in it!  I had a friend taste it who hates the taste alcohol, and she agreed that there was not any in this drink.  I go back to the bar tender and ask for the shot I was supposed have, and she said it was in there.  Next thing I know the bouncer who kicked me out of my seat came over and grabs me, and says I am too drunk.  I told him I just got here, and then 5 goons surrounded me.  My friends were still out at the balcony, enjoying their watered down fair, when I got bounced.I hate this place, and will never go back.  The view was cool, for what it was worth.
5	Love it, love it, love it. Mine and Gina's famous Randy from the Real World San Diego story takes place here so i do have found memories besides the fact that the view is amazing, the drinks are usually stong and the breeze is fantastic during the summer. Great place to get bottle service and just chill. I do dislike the fact that the bathroom is rather small so it does get backed up from time to time and depending on the night, the "no dancing policy" is enforced sometimes. Gina and i can usually get away with it on the balcony and get eveyone else to join in-- ahhh the good old day and the joys of being a rockstar. ;)
2	If it weren't in the Palms, it might be better.  As it stands, it's quite a trek for a bar with a view of Vegas.But hey, if you feel like waiting in a 2-hour line before you drink, the Ghost Bar is a good place to start.
4	I went to Ghost bar about four months ago and I loved it.  The view was absolutely amazing and the atmosphere was great, highly recommended...if you can get it that is ;)
5	5 stars for the amazing view of the Strip, 4 stars for the drinks, and 3 stars for the freakin wait to get up to the damn place! Having passes helped a lot, probably shaved an hour off our wait. I get why this place is so hyped up though. Once you finally get to the roof, there's so much going on that you don't know where to look first. Inside is a lounge, outside is the fabulous view of the city. Bars are pretty much every 20 feet, and it helps that they do crowd-control downstairs so it's never so busy that you have alcohol spilled all over you. Everyone should go here at least once!
2	Like dancing in a closet.  If you have a damaged ear drum it might be a good idea, but for the rest of us it is just absurd.  Go to Voo Doo. Better drinks, better atmosphere and better view.  Plus you can move your arms without hitting 6 people.
4	Haha.. They say you have to have nice shoes to get in; at least the guys do. No sneaks..But my homie had FLIP FLOPS!! Yeah, BOYEEEE!! And my other homies had on Pumas and Adidas! That's how we do it! Ok, so we're not that cool, but maybe we are? The bouncers really do check out your sole attire.. I was looking at where their eyes were wandering. HAHA.... Oh Vegas... The place is pretty dope. Kinda space age-y.. I think they could have done a LIL better with their interior, but you know what? The AMAZING view of the city makes up for it. I went straight outside, despite the FUCKING FREEZING weather...Oh yeah, the DJ sucked. HAHA.. but we had fun cuz we didn't have a hard time gettin' in, we didn't pay a dime, and ALL the bouncers were cool as all hell...Check it out..
3	I'll give Ghostbar inside the The Palms Hotel and Casino, three stars. I had a great time, good music selection, nice bar, and sleek design especially the fire that shoots out atop the dance floor.
5	If you're heading out for the night and want to start it right- head here first!  The club sits on top of the Palms- giving you the most spectacular  view of the city.  They actually take clips off this bar in the Las Vegas TV show...speaking of which...the place has that modern chic feel to it- even the Jetsons could make this a tertiary abode...
3	I've been here too many times. Sure it was cool the first time to be in the bar where those drunk idiots from MTV Real World hung out. OK, so it was a funny to see OJ and his dumb bimbos. Yes, the view of the strip is awesome, but if you don't know someone to get you on "the list" (luckily I do), it's a pain to get up there. I'd tell you that the drink prices are ridiculous, but that should be no surprise. Last but not least, no dancing. Is this what Vega$ has become?
4	Great atmosphere and great view of the Strip.
4	*4.5 stars* (because I was hung over the entire weekend)This is the place that did me in during my bachelorette weekend in Vegas...  why why why did I have to take that last shot???  (OK, my fault but still!)Hot vibe, expensive drinks, fun times and a fantastic view of Vegas, baby!
4	I love this lounge/bar. It's a unique place in Vegas - it has a view to die for, the music is excellent and you can actually carry a conversation with minimal "what did you say's". Most bars in Vegas are too dark (ie:Caramel), but Ghostbar was perfect. The crowd is fun and its a large enough of a place to.....errr.....hide and its a small enough of place to locate any lost friends. I make sure to make this place a "must go to" venue in Las Vegas
4	Right.  Let me say that i know how to put things in perspective.  Speaking of perspective Ghost Bar affords you with perhaps the best view in Vegas and one of the best views from a bar anywhere in the world (I would venture that it is in the top 20).  Don't go there if you want to danceDon't go there if you want cheap drinksDon't go there if you want friendly personable serviceAnd for Lord's sake don't go there if you are afraid of heightsDo go there because you want the experience of your friends freaking out as you jump up and down on a plexiglass floor panel that bends as it tries to keep you 55 floors up in the air.(But don't actually jump on the panel.  I'm trying to stay on management's good side)Do start out your night there or go when you are still very sober.Remember when you are in Vegas things aren't cheap.  Let your credit card off the leash and have some fun.
4	I love ghost bar. Great View, Great mood.The staffs are alright, weren't the best I have seen in Vegas. The drinks are also just ok, not something that I am excited about. Again, GET A TABLE! It can be quite windy and chilling (temperature wise) during the winter time, but make sure you go out & take a look, it's nice.Oh, no dancing there, 'cos there isn't any room, but do get a table, it's worth the $ and trust me, you will have a good time with a bunch of friends, I know I did.
5	Very intimate with great views, but also with enough room to dance. Met a group of cool guys and girls here with whom my gal pal and I hung out with for a considerable part of the night (our thinking was strength in numbers=no date rape). Not a problem. Loves it.
5	Want an awesomely trendy scene with an awesomely beautiful view? I'm not sure if I'm talking about the skyline or the chicks. Both are really good to look at. I saw Doug Flutie at the casino before we took the elevator up. It's expensive, but cool.
4	This place isn't as "hip" anymore,  but I find that I enjoy it more now that most of the "Real World" crowd has found Tao. :)That being said, crowds still flock here--and rightfully so.  This is one of my favorite lounge-type-places in Vegas.  I enjoy the view and the outdoor patio the best.  Drinks aren't cheap.  The cover isn't cheap.  The line is long to get in.   So:  Arrive before 10PM, you'll go right up.  Pre-drink to keep the costs down.  Dancing isn't allowed here, so go to the VooDoo if you want to shake it.  It is pretty much the same type of place but is a little larger.
4	Great views and great drinks.  Plenty of cool dancing space. It can get very windy outdoors.Prices are reasonable for Las Vegas.I would definitely recommend it to all and I would go back.
4	Beautiful views, really cool lounge atmosphere. I love hitting the outside bar so I can really take in the views of the strip. Decent music, and the drinks are a little weak, but I've found that this is always the case in Las Vegas. I love the fact that's it's a little more laid back...I don't fare well with the giant clubs with dancers in bikinis and trashy techno music. Ugh. I'll take Ghost Bar over that any day!
3	The view is great.That's really all I have to say.
4	The view, amazing.The drinks? alright.The crowd? so-so.I used to come here before and the crowd was predominately women and semi-hip people.Now it seems like 1) a sausage market 2) a place for anybody.When the line for the boys bathroom is longer than the women's, there's a big problem.
4	Great place, but definitely tricky to get in.  Was there for a conference and a party in one of the suites so ... got hooked up.
4	Ghostbar ousted the VooDoo lounge years ago and I think (at least for me) held the title of one of the Best outdoor rooftop bar/lounges in Vegas. Now, it seems like the GB is just an afterthought to Mix (the bar, not the restaurant) @ THEhotel at Mandalay Bay, and even the Palm's own Moon.   But on a weeknight, it's much easier to get into if you're going with your significant other and just want to take in the sights, a few cocktails and not-your-typical-nightclub music repertoire. While it's still $10 per person to get up to GB, the stamp and All Access Pass they gave us (on a Monday night) allowed us to get into the Playboy club in the Fantasy Tower without an additional charge.
3	Ghostbar was 'coo...nothing that magnificent though.  Or perhaps I'm just way too spoiled...The view is amazing...just like moon, right across the way in the other tower.  In fact, this place is pretty much the same as moon except "dancing is prohibited".  Thats what the sign read - they're really going that extra step to ensure it has a more loungy than clubby atmosphere.  We spent most of our time out on the patio because of the view, but also because it was freakin freezing inside.  It was pretty empty up there, and the cover was $10 each.  But, that cover also gave us access to the Playboy Club as well which was cool.  Otherwise, I don't think it would have been worth it.  10 bucks and no dancing??  Thats pretty lame.
4	Chill bar to go relax and have a good time all the while getting a great view from G- bar's balcony terrace. It's really nice, but can get chilly , especially for the ladies. Oh and watch out for the elevators in case you have a short skirt, money or anything important in your hands-- the air is fierce. :)
3	Ghostbar is much more of a lounge than anything else - I feel like there is a definite see and be seen vibe here. Everyone is decked out and here to check each other out. The huge outdoor patio is awesome and gives you a great view of the strip, but it can be miserable if it's cold and windy. I don't know if it was worth the $25 I paid to get in.
4	It was Thursday night but it seemed like every table was already reserved until Sunday.  There were good stints of music but not a whole lot of room to dance, or walk, or stand.Funny story: we were standing near the balcony when my buddy decides to start dancing and prevent people from passing through.  It seemed like he was dancing for 10 minutes (really, it was closer to three) and a line of people trying to get outside started to form behind him.  Crazy.  Thank you party goers for not trampling him.But the reason to go is for the view of Vegas from the balcony.  You really have to see the Strip from up there.  Nice.  They also have this thick plexiglass square on the floor that looks straight down.  A novelty which is heightened with a couple drinks.  It's fun to see people first notice the square then slowly proceed to stand on top of it.  Semi-drunk people tend to forget there is plexiglass and avoid the square all together.  Truly drunk people try to see how many people it would take to crack the plexiglass.  Hope you never find out.  It's a long way down.double down on 12 yelpers
2	So the bouncers were giving one of the guys a hard time about his shoes. I know it's Vegas and I know that dress code is subjective, but give me a break. The Ghostbar may have reached its prime and may very well be on its way downhill... so if I were them, I wouldn't be so quick to turn away paying customers. By the way, no one else was lined up to get in there on a Friday night. Eh, in hindsight, I'm glad we went somewhere else.
4	ok...this is much more my scene.  very loungey...less clubby.  we were sat right next to the bar in our own section (my sis is a go-getta...she gets things done).  the waitress delivered a costco size bottle of vodka with everything that would be mixed in it. (cranberry juice, lemonade(?), and more red bull than a liquor store can handle).  our party went to town on the offering...but being a beer chick, i ordered my guinness and happily downed my stout.  the dj kicked out the jams...the people were really decent...laidback...into their own thing.  except for the loser guy who kept trying the take advantage of our on the verge of passing out friend (wanker!)  other than that, i liked the place, the music, the vibe, and the people...i'd definitely recommend it to my fellow-yelpers!
3	I don't do clubs, but I liked Ghost Bar.  The people were friendly (meaning the boys were very friendly) and the view is really nice.
5	Probably the best view in Vegas!  Sitting 60+ stories up w/ a glass floor beneath and great music playing as helicopters fly by is definitely an experience to remember.The line wasn't even too long but I would recommend getting there early so you can hang out near the edge of the "roof".  Because you're literally partying on the roof of the Palms...amazing!
4	We always seem to end up at the ghost bar -- it's great for a late night drink, the music is good and the deck (although often windy) provides an awesome view of the strip. Bottle service rates are pretty standard, service is good but not amazing.
3	Honestly i had more fun at the Playboy Club next door. For some reason, it's the same idea - putting a club on the top floors of a tower - but doesn't execute the same way. I danced more when i was at the Playboy Club - but maybe that's because i prepartied at Ghostbar. Who knows. Without my preparty at Ghostbar, i probably wouldn't have had as much fun at the Playboy Club. Check it out though, cool view and scallding hot heaters that try and compensate for the frigid temperatures that come with Winter.
4	Hate clubs, but this lounge was good.  Didn't have to pay cover because we were already staying at the hotel.  The view is great and the deck outside was fun because there is a square cutout that was replaced with, I assume, some sort of tempered glass so that you can stand and look down onto the strip.  Girls trying to prove they were brave enough would walk onto the glass and boys would stomp on the glass to freak them out.  You'll know what I mean when you're there.  I was approached by a black dude who said I had a "sexy, teacher look" about me as he proceeded to pull my arm before my friend growled (okay, not actually growling, but you know how the monotonous club scene goes).  I told him to stop spitting at me with his braces.  That said, expect a young crowd.  I was accosted by a dude from San Diego who marketed teflon for a living.  After 10 minutes of intense conversation about Warcraft (yes, I am in disbelief, too, as I divulge this bit of nerdishness), how much profit Blizzard is making off their games, cheat codes for WC II and my vent that WC II was much better than WC III, he proposed to me.  From then on it just got creepy.  Drinks are decent and the crowd is chill.  Good times.
4	This is definitely an ultrabar and I had fun while here.  The outdoor patio area is amazing and provides a great view of the strip.  That was probably the highlight of my trip there!Get on the guest list to come here.  All four of us, including my 1 guy friend, got in for free that night and made the whole evening that much more pleasant. The "strict" no dancing policy kind of sucks when they play awesome music, but I guess it's better than really crappy music anyway.We didn't get bottle service but we found an open table and sat down.  The server was super nice and quite funny (no offense, but a bit surprising for a girl wearing a tight, short white halter dress, fishnet stockings and go-go boots).  I'd say it's not worth the $25 cover, but if you get on the guest list then I totally recommend it.Oh, and the basic gin and tonic there is made w/ Tanquerey.  That's my kind of lounge!
3	3.4 stars.  This lounge/bar is defintiely awesome with its view.   Decent decor and waitstaff but nothing that popped out to me for the hype and popularity it gets.  Dont get me wrong, had a good time here but definitely didnt strike me as anything unique and over the top as you would expect to find in vegas.  If you are in the mood for a more low key place to drink with an amazing view, try it.  I personally like the Mix Lounge.
4	Great bar!  I took a group of about 25 people here and we all got in without a wait.  The waitress was hella cool and let us kick it in a reserved seating area.  She told us we would have to move if a high roller paid for it, but none gave us the boot.  Great music playing, but I took away a star cause there is no dance floor.  We all just danced in our seats.  The best part about this place is the patio.  Panoramic view of Vegas!!!!  There is a window on the floor of the patio that you can see the street through.  I stood on it, but a lot of people had vertigo and were scared to stand anywhere near it (you're like 20 floors high).  I will definately be back here.  This is a posh place, but my group dressed very casual (tennis shoes).  We all felt really comfortable and the staff was not snobby.This is affiliated with the Playboy club.  The door man gave my whole group stamps so that we could get into the Playboy club free.  We migrated over there and that place was off the hook.
3	3.5 stars mainly due to the view.  I think the view is all the Ghost Bar has going for it.   I would say it's definitely a place to go at least once to check out...but it's not a place that I would frequent.
3	If you are looking for a killer view and a great place to have a drink before a night out- this is it.  If you never ben to Vegas , this is a definite must.  It is also one of those rare spots that you can be outdoors or inside.I wouldn't recommend spending your entire night here.  It can be a strange mix of people.  There are some cool people here, but he other half of the crowd needs a segment on "What Not To Wear."  Now that I think about it, maybe I just notice it more because it is brighter at Ghost Bar then the other clubs.
4	I'm not really sure how hard it is to get into this place or how much it is because we had a friend who was a DJ there got us in.But the bar itself is pretty darn cool. I think people are being harsh about it because it's a vegas bar, but if this bar was in ANY other city it'll have ratings out the roof. The view is spectacular on the roof of The Palms and there's a glass where you can stand on that looks to the ground. It's not a really big place but average for a lounge/bar. The music was pretty darn good, the DJ had mixed everything, new and old and all the music practically was a mash up. If you're looking for a wild time, this is not the place.
4	I like how the bar is lit and how everyone I met inside is very friendly. The bartenders are well suited for the job and the security inside is ample in case things go sour; however there was hardly a need for them besides the random drunk girl that needed to be pulled out.If there is any reason to go to this bar (even if you don't plan to drink) is because of the view. It's amazing. As with most places, my only complaint about this bar is the price of drinks and cover. You have to understand though that Las Vegas is a tourist attraction and you're going to pay tourist prices for everything. Sucks, but at this bar I could just take one Strong Island and chill out with the view for an ample amount of time. Just don't get too close to the edge while intoxicated. One patron was heavily intoxicated to the point where he thought he was getting ready to base jump so he cleared a path toward the clear thick wall. He proceeded to face plant into the wall and knock himself out.
3	1. take elevator to access2. pay too much for trendy club3. grab a beer and or drink 4. drink in the corner as plastic porn star wanna be's give your rockabilly tattooed ass the stink eye for having real tits and hips5. give said plastic porn star wanna be's the evil eye from hell and the finger6. enjoy the views7. miss the simple joys of dive bars8. leave
2	Put this Ultra Lounge on a main floor anywhere else and it's just another Ultra Lounge. What is has going for it, what gives it its cachet, are the floor to ceiling glass windows and patio which give spectacular views of Las Vegas inside and out. I am pissed about this place (and gave only two instead of three stars) because the bartender shorted me on my drink at those prices! One reason a line forms is because it's a small space.Go to the Playboy Club or Moon for the same views (Moon's upper balcony is unobstructed by glass) and more tastier, more potent drinks! On the happening scale the Playboy Club has taken over. We left Ghost Bar at 9:30pm on a Sunday where there were probably 15 people and went to Playboy where there were three times as many people. Clearly Playboy is now the place to be. An hour later the place filled up and we went upstairs to Moon.
3	This really is a cool place, but since I wanted to go for the yuks (yes, you must click Funny), I decided to make all my comments review style:"Way cool lighting -- too bad you can't see anyone. They must be ghosts.""What do you mean she can't sit on my lap? Club rules? Those people are practically having sex over there!""That was cool -- no cover.""Plastic cups?""Damn, that's a strong martini.""Wow, look at that view. You can almost see to California.""She really should be wearing more clothes -- 200 lbs. doesn't look good in a halter top."
2	2 stars for the view and that's about all I liked of The Ghost Bar. My sis, dtr., and I went here having heard so much about it. Overpriced drinks that weren't very good (2 limes out of 10 for the margarita),the bartendress was like a stepford wife with no personality, and the bouncers were like cloned robots. Pretentious? Yes. We went in April and it was still chilly up there all those stories up but the view is really great. It's just not a fun bar. It's a bar to say you've been to and that's that. We had more fun at one of the bars inside the Palms Casino than we did in the Ghostbar. It's not a bar I'd ever return to.
5	My favorite lounge in Vegas.  Great views of the strip from the 55th floor.  The glass on the ground that you can see straight down through freaks me out.Not super friendly staff but I've never had problems getting in here.Have had super nasty women freak out on me, but that's not ghost bar's fault!Great atmosphere and they always play great music!!FYI they gave us an all admission pass to the clubs at the palms.  FORGET ABOUT MOON!! IT SUCKS!
5	My 2 girlfriends and I headed to the Palms for the first time to check it out. We'd heard Rain and Moon were the hot spots and walked up to the bouncer at Ghostbar by mistake. He let us in right away and we thought that was a little too easy. Turned out that we had more fun at Ghostbar... killer views and cool staff. We met a VIP host that had us escorted into Rain and Moon. After a couple of quick visits, we were ready to return to Ghostbar to hang out with the bachelor party that we'd met. The bartender gave my friend a free drink for her b'day, and the host offered a free limo home to the bachelor party because they'd had bottle service. The DJ was spinning a fun mix of music that was great to dance to, not just dance club tunes.You know I had a great time because I think I lost my license there! I called and left a message and haven't heard back. Ghostbar, if you're reading this, please let me know if you have it! :-)Oh yeah, I almost forgot... some random girl there was dipping her hand inside the fly of a bachelor party guy! (It wasn't clear whether this was included with the bottle service...)
3	I went to Ghostbar on a Saturday night with two girlfriends. We had to wait in line for like 10 minutes and were let in. The bouncer thanked us for being patient and said he'd hook us up and we wouldn't have to pay. Inside is pretty small, a lot of older guys- one of which tried to talk me into going up to his penthouse ( in my head I was thinking "F*CK NO!!" but I nicely said no thank you). I actually really liked the music, they played a lot of songs I like. We went outside to on the balcony area and the view is sooo beautiful even though I was semi-scared because I am afraid of heights! Overall it's a nice, trendy kind of place that isn't packed wall to wall and allows you to relax and have fun.
4	4 stars for getting in with ease, that incredible view, the chill vibe, and the bartender that knew to make my Grey Goose & soda with lots of the former and just a splash of the latter, and a lemon instead of a lime.Oh, and for playing Amy Winehouse.
4	It's too bad it was extremely windy the night we went, because it would have been incredible to hang out on the large sky deck. Although not as high up as Mix, you're still a good 55 floors up and the panoramic view of The Strip is amazing. The only available seating was outside, and because we were in short dresses with nothing to bundle up in, we didn't stay long. This is also another cool spot to come to if you do want to chill out and have a couple cocktails. Bottle service is recommended if you want to spend an evening here. Those looking for some booty shaking on the dance floor, head to Rain or Moon.
2	The booze is too expensive.It gets waay too cramped and old too quickThe funny part of the ghost bar is drunk people trying to break the glass floor..
4	Bottle service is key in Vegas.If it's your first time going to Sin City, don't think that your player duds or feminine wiles are enough to gain you even just an inch of sitting butt room at many of the big clubs.Cause they won't.We made our way here on our second night in Vegas. Our feet were tired and aching from standing in line, just to get in, so we scanned the bumpin' room immediately for a place to sit. No such luck.We tried to bust out our most impressive moves, hoping they'd help score us some room at at table, but all I got was blank stares, and since the sore balls of my feet, were not cooperating, I went outside.On a warm night, Ghost Bar is outstanding. Their outdoor elevated patio will provide a glimpse of the city which is well worth any wait. On this particular night, however, it was windy and cold -  so me, Connie, some sucking face couple, and a friendly bouncer were some of the only people daring enough to brave the weather.  But I needed a place to take off my boots, and outside was the only place with available chairs.And so I busted out my final most beautiful move at Ghost Bar thus far - the ole' "get these suckers off my feet NOW!" move, let the wind daggers of the night - wrangle my hair into some lovely knots, and then finally went inside to scope out the scene once more.Unlike Tao - there was room to move, but it had been a long night, and eager to rest our feet - we made like ghosts and disappeared.(we eventually found our way to Rain - where shoes were removed and full blown dance moves were unleashed on Vegas. And trust. Those were some happening moves.)
4	Great Spot.  Great Views.
3	The drinks are good (1 star) and the view is excellent. (2 stars), but got bored quick.
2	the view from this lounge is the only thing that really makes it stand out against all the rest. i've only been there once, and that was enough for me. i wasn't hip enough to get on the guest list, nor was i hip enough to get bottle service back then. so we ended up waiting in line forever just to get in. then the music in my opinion was just ok; but i was even more disappointed because no one was really dancing. i go to vegas clubs and lounges to shake my ass, and that certainly didn't happen that night. i can say i've been to the ghost bar, and easily say i won't go back.
3	Can I copy someone else's review?  I completely agree with Vivian.  This place is all about the view.  In fact, it's really about 3 things...1) The view2) Being able to brag to friends "I've been to the Ghost Bar"3) The ride up the elevatorOther than that...eh.  First of all, the place was filthy.  The gray-ish carpet had stains all over it.  I don't know why, but that shocked me.  I remember thinking as I walked in "this is IT?".  I was actually convinced we were at the wrong bar.  The tables and chairs looked cheap and, along with the carpet and bad lighting...I was completely underwhelmed.So, I spent my time outside.  The view was great.  And, of course, you gotta stand on the glass floor.  The angle of the walls actually kinda of did some tricks with my head for a minute, so it takes a while to get your bearing (at least, it did for me.  Or...was that the vodka?)Anyway, been there...done that...probably won't go back.
4	one can judge how the economy is doing by the length of girls' skirts....in that, we're definitely not in a recession.love the view and simplicity of the place.  minus one star for charging guys $30 and girls $20 for cover.
4	I went to ghost bar on Sunday night after leaving Bank. It was already kind of late and it was a Sunday..and so it wasn't crowded. The inside area was nice...it wasn't anything amazing but it was kinda cool. It had a very relaxed atmosphere compared to that of other places. The outside area was the best part. The view was SOOOO gorgeous. It was really windy though...not good the hair but still awesome! Ghost bar was probably the only place where the people would actually have conversations with you with out saying something totally disgusting and rude. The music wasn't that great but there really weren't many people dancing anyway. I really liked how there were tables and chairs that didn't require bottle service. A girl really needs to sit after three hours in heels! Oh also the little piece of glass floor was so amusing. Ghost bar was a great place if you want to just hang out and enjoy a view...but probably not if you want to "get crazy" and dance.
2	I know Ghostbar was hotter than a fire poker back in the day when the Maloof clan first opened The Palms. I also knew it had cooled off a bit in recent years; but when a bunch of Vegas kids reassured me that a Ghostbar resurgence was in full effect, I figured it needed to be my first stop on the Vegas train. I happen to disagree... this place was a mess. I think we must have been there on Rockabilly Transvestite night. It was half empty and the other half was definitely just not my type of crowd. The music was sucky and the place just reeked of glory days past... The view is phenomenal, the 2 x 2 glass bottom floor is over-rated, and you can get your panorama on next door at Moon in the Fantasy Tower where you'll bump and grind the night away actually looking as cool as you feel.
3	We did go here towards the end of the night.  I think it was about 4am.  This place cleared out quite a bit and the crowd was a little less to be desired.  Honestly, we probably stayed here for about 20 minutes and then it was time to go.
4	Smaller than I thought it would be, the view was better though.  As with most clubs in Vegas, it was full of beautiful people. Danceable music.
3	ghost bar? that's for sure. the place is TINY. kinda lame.. and what's with the music? don't get me wrong, i love to dance to tiffany and take me back to the old days.. but do you have ANYTHING current? there were way to many creepers here. i felt like a display at a meat market. the outside balcony is the only decent part of this "bar". just be careful.. the floors are clear.. and there ARE people underneath..oh, hell. you're in vegas. flaunt it.
4	Great cozy place near the top of Palms casino. A bit small but has a great view from the outdoor balcony.  Has the right combination of lighting, layout, and sound to get people in the mood for random socializing, which is of course a good thing in vegas.  Apparently they do not have 151 here, so I asked the bartender for his strongest shot.  This turned out to be a mistake.  I didn't have one cuz I was already wasted, but my friends told me it tasted like gasoline and spent the next 10 minutes regretting their decision.  Other than that, good times!
4	I have been to the Ghost Bar twice so far. I love this place. Its like 55 floors up and has an amazing balcony with two side areas for seating. The music was good both times I was there. It is a small place but its not supposed to be a big club or anything. Its an intimate lounge pulsating with hip-hop. There's an inside bar and an outside bar. The drinks are a little pricey, as is expected. My advice is to get as sauced up as possible downstairs at the bar in the center of the Palms, they seem to be cheaper than what you pay for upstairs. Usually there's a very cool crowd that is friendly and social. There's not always a place to sit, but if u hang out one will open up. There was a big crowd on both a Friday and on a Tuesday.
5	Maybe it was the group I was with but we had such a great time at this place and it holds  a special place in my heart.  I love it here.
4	So this review will be a bit biased since I was invited to a VC networking event here, so they reserved the entire dining room for 50 people with an open bar.I started with French Onion Soup which was not bad, but nothing too memorable.  Next, a wedge salad came out, but it looked pretty sad compared to other wedge salads I have had in the past.  I had the filet mignon as the main course, and it was actually pretty good, but again, nothing too special.This would generally cause me to give a 3 star review for a place that served OK food, but on to the ambiance of the place.  Like anything else in Las Vegas, the style and the decor was pretty modern, but the balcony outside provided a really nice view of the Strip, that got better as it got darker.  There is this section of the floor that has been cut out and replaced with plexi-glass, providing a view 55 floors below that was pretty trippy, especially if you stand on it.  Some of my fellow idiot VCs thought it would be funny to stand and jump on it, but I am far too much of a wuss to being doing that kind of shit.The best part of the scenery though, are the waitresses.  It reminded me of Tokyo in the autumn/winter with the black top/black mini-skirt and the long black boots.  Being that ghostbar turns into a nightclub, I guess that the waitresses need to look hot.  I didn't stay longer for the nightclub to open up since I was in a group of primarily guys, but I am now kicking myself for that because I had exclusive access to the place, and it was a Friday night, and seeing how women were dressed elsewhere throughout the strip, I probably would have been better off staying up there ogling gorgeous women, but I had fun gambling at Caesar's with another friend instead.
3	If you're going out to meet people, the Ghost Bar isn't very big but it's a nice crowd.   If you're just going out to drink and have fun with friends then it's great and has a fantastic view of the strip.  Make sure you bring your camera.  The bartenders are pretty and the drinks are okay but service can be hit or miss depending how much the girls have to talk about and catch up with each other.
5	Ghostbar was awesome.  I love the decor.  I love the big patio outside where we were able to grab a table and just enjoy the music, the company, and the drinks.  Drinks, BTW, are not cheap.   Even a small bottle of Fiji water was $5.Forget about sitting anywhere inside unless you fork up some moola for a table.Back out on the patio - the window on the floor to look down - very cool.  Of course, first response is that you don't want to step directly on the glass.  Pretty unnerving when you're looking straight down 50+ stories to the PALMS logo on the side of the building.  Then you look around you.  The city just sparkles.  Sigh...
3	Went here what seems like an eternity ago. To be honest I was not impressed. The drinks were overpriced..but then again what bar on this strip is not? The place was not really all that crowded and we went after midnight. Maybe I went on the wrong night or something. With all the rave reviews I would you recommen you still go and check it out. If I ever stay at the Palms again I may check it out again if it's a weekend otherwise I think there are plenty of places I would rather check out.
4	Vegas EditionThis was my first time here.  I found out that the Guest List that we signed up for only let the women in for free.  The men had to pay $25.  I guess that isn't too bad for entrance to Vegas night life.  Up the elevator 55 floors up you step out and make a right turn and you are instantly gravitated to the open patio.  The view of the strip was amazing.  The music was pretty damn good that night too, the DJ was spinning the latest hits and doing a few mash-ups.  Excellence ambiance.  Oh you also have to check out the Plexiglas that you can look down through.  It was funny that the patio was crowded but no one would stand on top of that Plexiglas, shoot I wouldn't either.
4	I want to try this place again on a night other then a Sunday. Cause the crowd was a bit light. We walked right in, there is no lines at even 11pm. I guess that makes Sunday night a plus. We took the elevator up and walked right out to the deck. What a view! It is beautiful. The weather was perfect and the deck was pretty full but, the inside of the bar was dead! The only reason to go in there was to avoid the lines outside to get a drink.  We had a great time even though it was dead; when you are drunk enough with 9 girls you can make any situation fun. Like the rest of Palms it was designed well and kept up even better. The staff was cool and drinks came fast. The reason only four stars you ask? I ordered a drink; vodka/cran and it was so weak. I asked for another shot and she charged me $10 bucks. It was like my 5th drink that night with her. We were tipping really well and I thought we were being rather cool with her. Not sure why I got the shitty drink and then attitude over the shot. Although, looking back maybe that was her way of saying... "You have had enough"
4	This place was definitely cool. The view was incredible. Drinks are expensive, but I don't do much clubbing in Vegas, so they might not be expensive relative to the rest of the clubs.Also, I got in VIP (you know how I do) so I'm not sure what cover is. The bar was nicely decorating and had some very cool lighting going on. I was a little disappointed in the crowd, I figured the girls and guys would be much hotter. It was a good looking crowd but not what I expected. It wasn't very crowded at all for a Friday night at midnight, but there was a decent line my buddy and I blew right past.I'd go back for the view alone.
3	I love the Ghost Bar on New Year's, and when I am with a group of friends.  But I am not super fond of it when only in Vegas with my SO.  It is really loud and fairly small.  What I like about it on NYE, is that you can get a table reserved for the price of admission.  On a non-NYE night, it is not worth the bottle fee to hang out in Ghost Bar because it is too loud to talk.  But still, it is more sophisticated and the music doesn't suck as hard as some clubs.
5	N9NE Group, I love how you guys and dolls take care of me.Everytime I've gone to Vegas I gotten a table here, it's one of the best ways to rock it in Sin City. Beautiful people gravitate toward the Palms, and the uber-attractive rise to the roof to experience Ghostbar. For an appropriate price (by Vegas standards), you and your friends can reserve a table and get lifted while gazing at the Vegas skyline. The liquor is plentiful and the waitresses will take care of you. These ladies are on it, treating you with great table service and they're not that bad too look at either ;)Even if you don't get a table, it's worth the wait in line. For those who like to chill with friends over some stiff drinks and/or dance to the music of a dope dj, Ghostbar definitely provides that atmosphere. And don't forget to walk out on the balcony and look through the plexiglass flooring. It'll get your jollies going haha
5	This was when my knees shook, my ears rung and age creeped up like absinthe on a cold day and right when I just had to take a break from the crowded nightclubs full of 20 year old energy and the latest Chris Brown dance moves surrounding me... I tripped & stumbled my way here at the Ghostbar. Ghostbar was a sigh of relief as I came in and saw plenty of lounge tables and chairs. Not only did I feel like I was in P. Diddy's music video but the lighting and lounge areas were sexy and state of the art. I've had this  consistent theme of testing out the balconies for this trip. Absolutely, the best view out of all the places I visited. Now, I don't know if it's because I'm near the cold waters of the bay area but something about the weather, decos and of course, the BALCONY were all refreshing...Darn, we couldn't stay the whole night so we retreated to the next like the insomniacs we had committed ourselves to...
4	Just some pointers for those of you who would like to visit Ghost Bar. 1- It is not huge.  Do not go there thinking it's as big as every other bar/club in Vegas.... it's tiny in comparison.2- The lighting in here is gorgeous....take note of it.  Very metro-classy.3-Do not bitch that the drinks are expensive, you are in Vegas for christ sake!4-Yes, this is where Britney Spears and many other celebs hang out.  Do not come here to be a DIY paparazzo.  It's annoying.5-Do not go out onto the patio and whine about seeing through the floor and saying how freaky it is and your are scared.  Everyone is drunk, you are annoying and killing our buzz.And on a side note, I've never experienced a huge line for the bathrooms.  Nice!
5	Worth going for the spectacular view alone! TGreat layout, AMAZING outdoor area......his is not a huge place so get there early or be prepared to wait.
4	Pretty faded by the time I finally arrived... but ladies if you're actually paying to get into this place... something is wrong. I put myself on the guestlist about a week before coming, and they couldn't find my name. After (drunkenly) insisting that I did, they finally said okay... From what I remember, it was a pretty view :)
2	I'm thinking the Palms club scene isn't what it used to be.  Ghost Bar was kind of tragic.  1/2 empty, tiny and depressing.  Maybe it was because it was Sunday, but still...+1 star for the absolutely amazing view!
2	UGH. snore. i felt like i was in someone's poorly post-modern decorated living room. really nothing to see here. crowd is blah and there was NO LINE at all, not even guys. bad sign. the palms needs to reevaluate their clubs/lounges/bars because at this point the competition has way too much on them.
4	For all the Vegas Clubs out there... only a few are worth a return visit, Ghost Bar being one of them. It is consistently enjoyable for every group I attend with. For a small bar they dont over crowd the place, which is key for my liking. Cocktails, people, staff and lounge scene are always popping. A great place to start your Vegas evening on the town.
4	I don't care what anyone says about Las Vegas, it's awesome!  The Ghost Bar does NOT disapoint at all!  My two friends, my fiance and I went to Las Vegas during the work week in June 2007 so the bars/clubs we could go to were limited.  However, Ghost Bar was open and we cabbed it to The Palms and got entry into the clubs open in the hotel.  We rode in an elevator to the Ghost Bar which sits at top one of the towers.  My one friend is afraid of heights and she was able to sit up there just fine (I took pictures of the AH-MAZING view for her) and we hung out here outside for a while.  It was a smaller bar but they had drink service inside and out and most people were outside.  The inside has the tables you can get but we loved this experience of a club that overlooked the city of Las Vegas.
4	Not knowing what to expect from this place, I was surprised how awesome Ghost Bar is.  Definitely not as hip as their other lounge/club Moon and not as warehouse like in Rain (all in the Palms Resort) but overall a great lounge.  The bartenders are friendly and they can make one strong cran-odka.  This bar, like Moon, is also on a high floor with a great view of the strip.  The music wasn't too bad...I don't remember it too much as that was probably my 8th drink of the night, but all I remember was at some point that stupid "All Summer Long" song by Kid Rock came on and it never sounded soooo awesome...me and my compadres were  "Sipping whiskey out the bottle, not thinking 'bout tomorrow Singing Sweet home Alabama all summer long" that night...I still despise the song now, but will forever relate it to the Ghost Bar!GREAT TIMES!!!!
4	Ghost Bar would be just another bar but for the fantastic rooftop patio.  Music is standard, the space is actually on the small side, but it doesn't crowd too badly, drinks are drinks.  But that outdoor area is awesome, with a view that takes your breath away.  Vegas, for all its tackiness, can be truly beautiful, and Ghost Bar provides a great spot to take it all in with some music and dancing.
4	After partying it up at Rain, my girls and I decided to chill out at Ghost Bar....wait.  Correction: I, along with one other sober friend, decided to drag our drunk friends out of Rain and go to a somewhat more relaxed place so that we wouldn't have to keep a hawk's eye on 3 drunk girls in a cavernous club.The bouncers were friendly and let us skip the line, but I was really afraid that they wouldn't let us up the elevator because my friends were tripping and stumbling all over the place!  Being a relatively small girl, I had a hard time keeping them still.  I'm so glad that we were able to finally make it up the elevator and into Ghost Bar because the view up there is AMAZING!  Definitely the best view of Vegas that I've seen so far.I was still feeling a little hung over from the night before, so I asked the bartender to make me something strong but yummy, and he made me his "special drink" - I still don't know what was in it because he wouldn't tell me, but damn it was good!  Props to the bartender - extra star for him.Well, our night at the Ghost Bar was cut short because one of my friends ended up throwing up in the lounge area...BUT all in all, it was definitely good times!
4	It sucks when they charge $20 cover.  Maybe they just charge fat people $20.   The bar is nice on top.  There is no dancing allowed thank god.  I would bring hotel down if I started dancing up there.  Space is limited so go early.
2	Not that good, too many packs of girls running around being silly. No way to really enjoy. The view of Moon was cool, LOL
4	I go for the view.  Great place to lounge, without being in a club atmosphere.  Love the bouncers.  They're friendly and cool, not snobby like most places.  Know what you're doing and flash a smile (some cleavage helps too) and they won't charge you a cover.  The couple before us got charged $10 each.  It also helps when you're a group of 4 chicks.  It wasn't even crowded that night, but the music was old school and I liked it.  Anyways, I'm there for the view.  They have a small section of plexiglass on the floor outside looking down from the 55 stories.  I love to watch idiot (or drunk or both) tourists jump on it, and have the bouncers come over and tell them to stop.  Yes, I'm easily entertained.
4	Ghostbar is located on the 55th floor the other tower in the Palms. Not the Fantasy Tower.. I can't remember the name but you have to take an elevator up. We were lucky enough to have taken the last elevator up since it was closing already. I think I had to beg and give the bouncer some doggy eyes -- who knows, it was a while ago.We got up there and this place is more of a lounge than a club. No dance floor really but the place is lined with tables and chairs. If you venture all the way out to the patio, you're pretty much outside in the freezing cold overlooking the lights of Las Vegas as well as the strip. Come to Ghostbar if you want to be in the atmosphere of a Las Vegas Club but want to have a place to chill. Definitely get table service here.
4	We had a great time here with our group. The views were beautiful. The staff and waitresses were super nice. Loved them! Wish they had out door heaters so I could stand out on a cold night longer.
3	Since we didn't have to pay cover anywhere at the Palms, why not as well stop by Ghostbar before going home?  Last stop for our club hopping fun around the Palms.  Some people that we had a short chat with on our way up the Palms Tower in the elevator came off and went back in at the same time as us on the elevator because we were all not feeling the vibe at Ghostbar.I expected more for a Saturday night at around 3am?!  The place was pretty much empty.. Some people sitting at tables and drinking..that's allThe music was awesome though!  Definitely a place where I think I would enjoy dancing and having fun.. Maybe next time!!  We honestly stayed there for probably 20 minutes and called quits for the night and went back to our hotel!View is amazing though.. We all ran outside for a quick snapshot to mark our landmark at Ghostbar and off we ran back inside!  I looked down and was able to see how high we were!! I felt like I was re-living Real World Las Vegas!! ( Yes I followed that show series back then! )  Other than that decor nothing special..at least they have the view of the strip to make up for it!Ghost Bar was a Ghost Town.. POOF!!! i was gone :)
4	If you're looking for something club-like without all the over the top visual stimulation, wannabe high rollers and people who feel more important than they are, celebrities, ridiculous lines, pyrotechnics, waterfalls, acrobats, down pours of confetti and glitter and sex object gogo dancers, Ghost Bar is an excellent choice. It's a great place to start a night of Vegas debauchery, as well. The line wasn't bad at all, and my friend did some quick research on Google a few days before our trip and put us all on guestlist, for all the Palms clubs actually.During the summer, the outside patio was great. Minimal breeze, just enough to fluff your hair a little. There was room to move, and we even snagged a table and chairs. Also, running back to the bar was easy and the bartenders (HOT) would generally get to you pretty quickly. There's music and minimal dancing, it's more like a lounge. And like everyone says, the view is crazy! Be sure to drag your acrophobic friends over to the plexiglass panel in the floor that you can see straight through all the way down to the ground.I must say, I liked Ghost Bar a lot more than Moon, where we were herded like cattle and it was just generally unexciting, and Playboy, which was overrated and a little too novelty, even for a girl who sometimes dreams of being a bunny herself.
3	My friends and I came here to make sure we got our money's worth paying $20 to get into all the clubs open at the Palms last Thursday night. What was up with the cocktail waitresses' outifits? They looked like Baby Spice, but more trashy. And it didn't help that they were ugly to begin with. This place definitely needs an update. The ouside balcony & bar was nice. Looking down at the hole in the floor was a cool thing. I think that was the only thing that made me wanna go here.  Apparently, we sat on the same couch Kanye West sat at. If you wanna experience the same thing, go to the bar outside and it's the couch on the right if your back is to the bar.
4	Had a table here, not as much dancing as other places, it's more of a lounge/bar. Good mix of people and the service was good. The patio is awesome and has some great views. I like it if you're not looking for a club, something a little easier before a crazy night the next night or at the end of a long stay in this town.
4	Enji, Come on in. (Bless the sweet bouncer for knowing my name upon my arrival.)Entrance is on the ground floor and up to the 55th floor you go. If I were more of a bar girl, this would definitely be a top choice for a bar.The reason I like this bar is that it actually bumps music almost as loud as a club, which certainly helps start kick off the festivities.  Inside, due to the straight rectangle layout of the bar (that being the entrance of when you first arrive) it gets a bit clusterbuck. A lot of people moving through the bar to get to the...Outside Patio/Lounge area. You've got options =) plus a refreshing view.(Peep the pic.) Now, if I was physically capable of drinking more and enjoyed drinking as much as the masses, I would've been perfectly content to spend the rest of the night here. But I can't so... Alas, it's time to move my behind at...where else? Moon.  :-D
4	I was just there during a "work retreat." We showed up pretty early (for Vegas) because we wanted to have an early evening, considering our meetings started at 8:00am the next morning (sidebar: who the hell schedules 8:00am meetings in Vegas?!?!?) Our intentions were good, but we got hammered and stayed out way past our bedtime.People watching is always good in Vegas, but tonight it was interesting to watch the demographic switch. When we showed up, it was a huge sausage fest - that is, the fest was huge, not the sausage...and with three construction related conventions, it was 99% men. Old Men. Dirty men. Men who still think they have "it" and probably left their wedding rings on the bedside table. GROSS. We had to rescue a co-worker from an aforementioned slimeball who was absolutely in love with himself. In the rescue process, we ended up having to listen to a lawyer who would.not.shut.the.fuck.up. Thank goodness they had to get back to their rooms to pop their Centrum Silver and touch up their roots with Grecian formula. As all of the mid-life crisis crew was leaving, the younger shift showed up. We found a nice boy for our single friend to flirt with as we played wing-women and chatted up his friends - all nice, not slimy, not trying to get some "action" - just having great conversation.I always have a blast here and never get over the panoramic view of the strip. Drinks are strong, service is great. Two thumbs up
5	Cool Place, Great View, Good Cocktails and Hot Servers.  Plus I never get treated with the,"What are You doing here", attitude I get at some Vegas clubs.  I have also had some pretty cool, "brushes with greatness" here.
4	I could personally say, this place is one of my comfort zones when I'm in Vegas. Nice view and people are generally nicer compared to other establishments. Its considered a bar so you probably wont see that much dancing like Tao, Tryst etc. but don't get me wrong, there is a good amount of space to get your groove on. So put this on your list on your next trip to Vegas.
4	Got in free b/c we got there early. We were interested in the view and it was worth the taxi ride out there. Going up was fast (2 mins?) but coming down, I felt something.The view from the top was fantastic. You can't go right to the edge because (1) the outside bar was closed perhaps because (2) people tend to jump off the edge? Just my guess. People do stupid things when drunk or desperate. Gambling may be involved.Most people were outside and no dancing when we were there (before 10 pm).We didn't wait around because we wanted to check out the surrounding clubs.
4	vegas is my playground and this continues to be one of my favorite places to go to when I'm there. super fun to come to in the summer when it's crowded and the weather is nice. obviously the view is AMAZING. a major landmark in vegas!
3	Nice venue, not so nice compared to other vegas clubs.Nice patio view of the strip with a small dancefloor. I think there were two middle aged couples dancing on the dancefloor and people had to walk around them or squeeze through. Talk about a lack of space.Did I mention everyone there was middle aged? Not a youngster in sight, not my idea of clubbing.Drinks were ok. Not the best.
3	Ghostbar is like a narrow hallway with a giant bar on the side leading to the outside.It's very dark and gloomy inside.  With house music and old people dancing.  No wonder people congregated outside.The view is amazing.  I was a giddy little girl with giant eyes taking it all in.Good thing it wasn't the only stop of the night, or I'd be pretty sad.  But a good place to start at the Palms.
4	THIS SHIGIDDY WAS POPPIN!  PERIOD!  GHOSTBAR ROCKS!  The Steelers were in VIP on the night we went.  THEY WERE SO RUDE AND THE BIGGEST A-HOLES ON THE FACE OF THE EARTH!  My friend snapped a picture and one of the linemen ran up to her, yelling and screaming, made her delete it....THEN TRIED TO GET HER KICKED OUT!  Luckily, they didn't entertain his shiggidy!  PROS:  Got in free with some chick we met in the casino...Amazingly popular bar with sexy people.  We got in free.  99 percent men!  YAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYY!  Sexy Europeans!  yaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyyyy!!  Super packed!  yaaaaaaaayyy!!!CONS: Extra small...took forever to get drinks FOR GIRLS!!!! Way to pressed at the door!  Except for "Fabricio" (he is freakin awesome), Elbow to Elbow...Loved it here...would come back.
3	Whenever we stay at the Palms we try and go up to the GB. It is really small, dark and the drinks are expensive just like any other club in Vegas. The lines are always long if you are not there before 10pm. We had line passes so it was not so bad. We saw Jamie Foxx in line and we were able to pass him right up. We also saw Wesley Snipes and Paul Rudd. The music is cool. but the lines to get a beer are not. Unless you have a table reserved then you have your own waitress. All in all it was fun, but we wont go back unless we have free passes and line passes again. Peace Out MZ
4	This place was "CRACKIN'"! Lots of beautiful people to match the beautiful view.There was a cool clear glass portion of the outside "dance" floor where you can stand on to remind you that you are 55 floors up. Whoa, careful to you folks scared of heights!! There isn't a designated place to dance, but who cares! Dance by the bar table, on the lounge chairs, inside, outside, anywhere! There is a bar outside too if it's too busy inside. A good place to go to with a small group. Ghost Bar is probably one of my favorite bar/lounge places in Vegas to date.
5	(Attended same party as Audrey N. below)I second that, this place was CRACKIN! LOL! I had hella fun here. Ironically there was a sign by the DJ prohibiting dancing. They say to go to Rain if you want to dance. But people were dancing in the middle of the lounge and outside. So whatever! I was pretty much dancng ALL NIGHT! There is a bar inside and a bar outside, convienience! Ughhh, my boyfriend paid for 5 shots costing $80 GOODNESS, right!? Yeah yeah yeah, you are in VEGAS! Great view outside, places to sit outside. =) FUN FUN FUN!!!
5	I love the Ghost Bar and have been there several times over the last six or seven years. sometimes it's relatively low-key and sometimes it's off-the-hook crazy, but is always a reliable good time. I was here over this last weekend and it was one of those off-the-hook nights. Everyone was dancing their asses off, including me--and I am not usually a dancer. The view is top notch and the service levels on the inside are excellent. The management also does a great job of preventing overcrowding, which is much appreciated. The crowd here is always friendly and unpretentious.
4	We went on Sunday night (local night in Vegas), so it wasn't packed to the gills, which I was thankful for.  This place was WAY bigger than I'd imagined with a crap-ton of seating (thanks for that too!).  Short of a helicopter ride, the patio has some of the most spectacular views of the Strip and Vegas.  Very cool.  Being a weenie when it comes to heights I gave the glass floor a wide berth, but it received glowing reviews from my friends.  I'll take their word for it.  MAJOR props to them for stocking High Life.  I'm a classy broad and I want my champagne of beers, but damn if I couldn't find it anywhere I went in Vegas.  Bummer that it was $7, but I expected something silly like that.  Plus the bartender was HOT (think Hugh Jackman), so I was not sad to order from him then sit in the corner and ogle all night.   My favorite part of the night HAD to be the incredibly horrible movie they had silently playing over the DJ booth.  I have to hope that it wasn't on purpose since it was so bad, but if it was, they rule.  This movie puts any bad 1980's ninja movie you can think of to shame.  SHAME I SAY!  I only wish I knew the name to share the joy with you.  All in all an awesome experience.  If you go, be sure to tip your waitress well, if only because she has to wear some serious stripper boots.  She must have some major Dr. Scholls going on in there.  Oh my.
4	The ghostbar isn't a bad venue. However, because they do not have their night club like license, there is a funny lil sign next to the cashier that says that dancing is prohibited. odd huh. Anyways, the venue is pretty small.  Once you make your way inside the bar, there is a rather narrow walk way, as it is usually full of people, drinks in hand and dancing to the beat.  The outside patio area is awesome, with the view of all of vegas from the 53rd+ floor of the palms hotel & casino. Admission for women is complimentary but for men, with a white VIP ticket, it's about $20-25.  The crowd is pretty diverse.  There are people from all over who are just dying to make their way into the ghostbad.  The view is definitely breathtaking. I went on a Saturday night with some friends. Outside, the bar area does not carry amaretto. That wasn't fun. Anyways, they did a good job of dispensing some of the tasiest cocktails around. Seating outside can be difficult to score. So, if you get a seat, take it and hold on to it throughout the night.  Otherwise, it'll be gone in a flash.  As far as I could see, there isn't bottle service or anything like that. However, we didn't ask so really we don't know. There were some BEAUTIFUL girls here but there was also a good share of skanky ones. There were the ones who should not have been wearing what they were and some who should have a lil more discretion than they did. Alcohol really does it to people. It's hillarious, at the same time. While I am not the type to hate on girls at clubs, there were just some that let TOO MUCH hang out and hang over. Overall, the night was fun and was full of alcohol. I guess that's what you get when you're out with friends to celebrate a graduation from law school. . . it's not about being the law. . .it's about breaking some of the rules/laws.
3	I came here on a Saturday night and it was ok,not packed most likely because most of the crowd was either on line at the Playboy club or in PERFECTO. The DJ was spinning late 90's which is ok but not what I expected on a Saturday night. What I enjoyed the most is the outdoor patio that the Playboy club does not have. If you do come here make sure to check out the furthest right corner of the patio and step on the clear glass looking 52 floors down to the ground. That glass seems to be a pretty popular spot for people to hang out. Beer runs an average of $7 a piece and mixed drinks as I mentioned before being the typical price for Vegas $14. I don't think I would come here again for the music but I would come back to check out the views of the strip.
3	Located on the 55th floor of the Palms Casino and Resort, the Ghost Bar is famous for its stunning 360 degree views of the city and beyond, thanks to its floor to ceiling windows.  However, I have to disagree that this view is worth $25, considering the average cost of a drink is $10-$16.  Getting there is a breeze, as the elevator on the casino floor whisks you up the 55 floors in a heartbeat.  I don't know what our little group was expecting when we entered the black light on white pleather room...The night was young, only 10pm, and there were a few dozen patrons milling about, sipping cocktails in small plastic cups.  The small dance floor and seating areas opened up to a grand balcony with sweeping views, seats lining the walls, and two bars.  Due to the shortage of revelers, the music alternated between 80s new wave and 90s pop and dance.  No one here was quite in the mood for dancing, we relaxed on one of the seats, talked about the amazing view, and how boring we found the club to be, overall.Sure, there is the element of time here. Had we arrived here two hours later, the club would most likely have a different ambiance, and music better suited to shaking your groove thang. Perhaps we might have seen some dancing go-gos to entertain the small masses, instead of seeing them wandering around outside...clad in white platform suits and white minis and halters.I don't get the impression of a "ghost bar" at all.  It is more reminiscent of a "white party" in college where the dress code is white and the lighting is black, making everyone feel a bit surreal and displaced.Were it not for the views, this bar would have little else to offer.Friday and Saturday night I am betting that you will have to pay $25 to get in; whether it is 8pm or 12am.  We got an all access pass to the other Palms clubs MOON and RAIN, etc with our admission fee - but we couldnt use this all access pass until after 2am! People our age are usually in bed by then.The place has a reputation, and why that is I couldnt say.  What this means to you is that if you show up after 12am, there will be little room for you to move or dance about, and you most likely will not find a place to sit unless you want to spend between $300-$500 for a table.  If you are coming here just to drink, take your dollars somewhere were a domestic doesn't cost $8.
3	I got in without cover with a pass, it's alright, just another roof top lounge/club. Very similar to the Voodoo lounge, except that's even easier to score passes for...
4	Ghostbar, like Moon, has an amazing view and the glass panel in the balcony is scary but cool. The outside area is nice but can be very cramped as more people prefer to stand outside than in due to the deafingly loud music. This place could easily do with turning down the music a few notches and have it more as a background sound. Ghostbar is not a "bar" and more of a club, though very few people were dancing which made the loud music redundant. Luckily not all seating is for bottle service so if you get there early it is possible to grab a table inside the club or on the balcony which is good. Drink prices are your standard affair, patrons are  mix of everything and in all you could do a lot worse for a night out, though if I was you I'd get the $60 wrist band that lets you traverses between all the clubs as this is not a place you can have a full night out in as it's too small to really get the party going.
4	Pros:1) The view is AMAZING. 2) There's 2 bars out on the balcony and one inside so scratching and clawing your way to the front is not an issue.3) You can stand on the glass panels outside and look to your death below.  Don't know why I'm putting this as a pro..4) It's more like a mini club, so there's plenty of space to dance..even though I heard you're not supposed to. Cons:1) Drinks are expensive. Yeahhhh...it's Vegas.2) CREEPY MEN. Almost gave this place three stars because of it! These two guys followed my friend and I for a good hour. Felt so uncomfortable that we just left and went to the Playboy Club in the other Palms tower.
3	Amazingly breath-taking view of Las Vegas...Not really a dance-club per-se... More like a lounge to pre-drink before going to the other crazier and funner spots in Vegas... (that is you are into expensive pre-drinking.... But hey.. nothing's cheap in Vegas!
3	Ghost bar was smaller than i would of liked the place gets packed pretty quick beautiful view as one would expect since its in the palms.drinks weren't the best and expensive which makes it bad.I did enjoy the music sounds very NYish mostly pop hits like JT and others and the fact that they have seating is bullshit the only people who sit are those 50+ people who have money to spend on $1000 bottles min of 4 people per table.decor is nice and modern but the other places in the palms have more to offer. can i get my money back ... oh wait i have 4 other places i could party at oh well on to the next room lol peace out !!
3	I like the vibe here. Good mix of people. It's truly a bar/lounge, so much so that at the entry on the ground level there's actually a sign that forbids dancing...Funny.The patio is usually crowded b/c everybody is taking in the view and also the bar gets pretty dense. But there's still room to do your thing. The awesome part is they have tables/seats that anyone can sit at with a server going around. Staff is friendly. I mention this before, with entry to Ghostbar it's also good for Moon & Playboy. I don't think this is a place you have to go, but the views are nice and it's a chill vibe. Give Ghostbar a try.
3	AHHH! I'm going to fall!! *embraces self* Wait... there's glass here?Even though I know I'm not going to fall, looking 50 some stories down thru a plexiglass square in the balcony can be kind of scary... especially if you're drunk. Just push one of your drunk friends looking thru the glass from the side. The reaction is priceless. =)Be careful about standing on the balcony if you're visiting during the winter. It can be breezy and freeeezing! But the view is amaaaazing!I didn't run into any problems with creepy guys when I was here. People seemed to keep to themselves, but I did go here during the SUPER dead season. I guess all the creepy rich folk come here when there's a lot of traffic.The drinks are, of course, pretty pricey. But if you're a girl, maybe you can flirt yourself a couple of free drinks from the guys. =)The $20 cover isn't too bad considering all the clubs on The Strip are $30 or more. This place was A-OK to hang out at, but it didn't really make me want to stay long. I'd rather go spend my time and money at Rain next door.
4	This was my last stop on my Palms nightlife tour and I was pretty tired by the time I got here, so my review might be a little lacking for information.  This place is smaller than I thought it would be, but it's still pretty nice.  I think we hit this place around 2am or 3am, so it wasn't super packed and we were able to sit down at a table.  The music was good and people were mostly out dancing on the balcony with the glass floor (which was scratched up, so it didn't look as stunning as it could).  This is probably a good place to go if you feel like taking a break from the fast-paced action at the rest of the clubs.
3	I came here with my bf, my cousin and her two friends.  The four of us girls had no problem getting in but they actually put the sliding divider and pulled it between my boyfriend and I!  I was like no way I'm not leaving him!  The other guy was cool and let us in.  When you get to the top it's beautiful.  The place was packed and drinks were expensive but hey it's Vegas!!!  There is a see through plastic or glass spot that you can stand on that hangs out over the edge of the building which is FREAKY!!!  I'd go back :)
4	The view here is AMAZING!! We had no problem getting in. Granted we did go after midnight so even us girls had to pay a cover, but it was worth it.Now, the Ghost Bar isn't a "dance club" but the DJ does play amazing music. You know the DJ is great when he can mix Kanye West and Journey!! There are signs that say "this is not a club. no DANCING," but when we walked up there was already a dance floor in progress. If you don't want to hit up a busy club, I recommend you stopping by the Ghost Bar. It's very relaxed, the view is amazing, and drinks are good.
3	It's a pretty club, and the view is amazing. The crowed was kind of "eh", and the music was terrible. The DJ played every song for about 10 seconds, and only half of them were anything we could get into.A friend accurately compared the DJ's style to a night of bad sex: he kept taking us into new movements, and when we finally got into one that worked, he'd switch it up just as we were starting to enjoy it. And the ones that didn't work - he stayed far too long. He wasn't paying enough attention to the recipients of his actions. He was selfish and ADD. Not fun when you can't dance.
5	I'm giving this place five stars solely for its breathtaking panoramic views of the Las Vegas strip.  I saw the line going around the corner when we came out of Little Buddha and I don't play the line game.  I walked up the bouncer and fluttered my eyelashes as best I could and viola we were in...How come life can't be that easy?  But I digress...You go up through the elevator and walk through a hallway and you see the city lights right in front of you.  Simply breathtaking.  Drinks are pretty stiff, music is alright and Bouncers are everywhere making sure that people don't get out of control.  Ahem, like my own Mr. L who decided to do a strip tease and a swan dive off one of the chairs.  I had to do the eyelash fluttering thing again to stop Mr. L from getting us kicked out.  Apparently, a woman's work is never done...  I also liked the crowd at this bar,  it wasn't full of 21 year olds who just became legal and so they're spilling their drinks everywhere.  Nope, just my husband...
5	What can I say? We ended up here 2 of the 4 nights we were in Vegas.  It has a great view and it doesn't get super packed.  It is easy to socialize with others and the drinks are great.It definitely has the best view of the strip out of any other place.  The girls we were with managed to get us all in for free to Moon, Playboy and Ghostbar every night. :D
5	So, it was my boyfriends birthday this past weekend, and we decided to do it up Vegas style.  We arrived in Vegas on Friday, and checked into the Palm.  I'll review that in a minute.  Hold your horses.On Saturday evening, we went up to Ghost Bar...up, up, up 55 floors!  If you want to go and dance your ass off, this isn't the place for you.  (they actually have a sign 'no dancing', or something like that)  If you want some pretty decent music, chill surroundings, and pretty people to look at.  You've come to the right place.  It's much smaller than you'd expect,  but the decor and the vibe is incredible.  And the view!!  It's absolutely incredible.  55 floors over Vegas' bright lights offers more than a view.  This was an experience.  The drinks are steep, but nice and strong.  The staff friendly.  The bouncers scary.  The clientele, mostly normal.  I had these 2 'I'm too sexy to button my shirt up because I like to show my hairy chest' guys hitting on me.  With my boyfriend standing right there.  Well, that didn't last long, but besides that, it was a great night!If you're visiting Vegas, I highly recommend checking this place out.  Just make sure you've got a few extra $'s to spend!!
4	Been here twice, once with girlfriends on spring break in which I don't remember too much about, and the more recent time has been with my now husband.  I don't remember paying anything from the time I went with a bunch of my girlfriends, but I do remember it being very crowded.  The second time around I went with my hubby and we had to pay a small cover. It wasn't very crowded when we went, but we stayed for about an hour and had a couple of drinks and kept it moving!  The outside balcony area is pretty cool and super windy.  The ghost bar itself isn't too big, but there again it is just a bar.  There are plenty of chairs to lounge on though, but good luck getting one if its pretty busy.Now that I'm writing about it nothing really wowed me about this bar, so I'll reduce the stars to 3.5.  Good place to go if you want a decent view and  you are already in the palms!
5	Very nice club with an amazing view of Vegas. Me and my friends bought tickets to all 4 clubs at the Palms Casinno and I think this was the best one of them all.
4	By far my favorite Bar in Las Vegas! I love this place, everything from the elevator ride up to the open patio 55 floors on top of the world! The patio lets not forget has a glass panel that you can stand on and look down at the street!! When its warm out, the patio is the best place to enjoy your drink or grab a seat on one of the couches on either side of the roof. Its super chill when its not crazy packed but i enjoy it more when its a lounge with less people. I come here every time i visit and it has never disappointed me. Go see Cary, he's a cool ass bartender!
4	Visited Ghost bar back in april 2009 with a few of my co-workers.  Very low-key bar.  I was supprise there was no line that led into the bar because usually from my experience with going out to bar/clubs in vegas mean waiting in long lines!  This place has an awesome view of the strip!  I really enjoyed this place.
5	this is my favorite place to visit in vegas hands down!!!!The wait is not as bad as Rain, there are places to sit down, the view is amazing and drinks are only $12ish. Better than $18 at XS!!!!!
5	First time going to the Ghostbar for my GF's 21st bday! Awesome place! I am not a big clubber and I actually enjoyed coming here. Not to mention the view on the balcony is amazing!
5	If you've never been to Ghost Bar, you definitely need to check it out, because seeing the Strip from an open-air 55th floor bar is an experience like no other.*Caveat*: If you want to dance and/or meet new people in a dynamic setting, do not make Ghost Bar your primary destination of the night. That is not its purpose in the universe. Palms often does combined passes to all its clubs, in which case, you could start at Ghost Bar and then hit up Rain when the headliner starts spinning down there around 1am.
2	Whats the hype all about?! I can find you a loungey modern club like this in any North American city with a population over 100K. Ooohhh what a view....if you want a great view pay for the small upgrade to a higher floor in your hotel. Great club if it were in any other city but I expect more in Vegas.
3	The view of the strip is great.  The see through floor view to the ground is creepy and cool.  The problem is that I went on a Tuesday night and it was full of businessmen in town for a convention.  I will have to go back on a better night and give a fair review.The one upside was the great price on Macallan 18 year old scotch.  Normally at the trendy places I would have paid at least two times as much.
2	Maybe it was because the Pacman/Cotto fight was in town, but the night I visited the Ghost Bar I was half expecting a rap star to get shot in here with the questionable clientle that seemed to be attracted to this place - or maybe MS-13 decided to throw a baby shower for one of their vatos' baby mamas, who knows. Or that every white trash broad that had run out of veins to shoot up in decided to put on her Sunday best and go out with a real bang.  Or the dudes that think they are Kanye West - what's up w/the sunglasses?  - out on the prowl. Or was it that a very BAD prom was having their after party here - the colors, children, the colors!The only thing worth reporting about this place is the spectacular view, but even with that, I wouldn't recommend coming here.  Too many hookers - different from the hookers at Caesar's and Mandalay Bay that look like Tube8 superstars, but more like sleazy, Crack Whore magazine types, one step away from OD'ing in the gutter by the In-N-Out on Tropicana after dark.  We had a million laughs in here, sitting at the bar, looking at all the "talent" come stumbling through - the dudes in here looked like typical Jersey/Staten Island douchebags, pouted lips, blowouts, etc.  Pimps galore, and drug pushers, so obvious, they should have set up information booths (you can spot them a mile away).  I never saw so many drunk girls in my life, and I mean drunk as in begging to be gang raped and appearing on Oprah w/their church-going mama from Nebaska saying, " I didn't deserve this! I can't believe this happened to ME!"  This is NOT the uber-fabulous place the REAL WORLD tried making this into - maybe it was, but for like five minutes.  It's definitely OVER now, kids.
2	I stayed at the palms for my birthday and as part of a package got all access line passes to all of the palms clubs... Of all the clubs in the palms this one was not memorable at all. I recall walking in and pretty much walking out. The crowd was decent sized and the music seemed pretty cool but it just seemed like a freshly 21 scene (which is fine if that's what your looking for)...only I was not.Probably will not go back...
3	I think this club exists mostly for the view.  it was really nice, but even though my friend and I got lost and ended up here by ourselves we got bored and wandered to another bar.A big bonus though -- they were no stingy with my Patron + Redbull.Well, in retrospect maybe they should have been.The club wasn't crowded (Friday night in December)oh well, we didn't have problems getting in at least.
4	Good music, good company, great view .. all on the top of the Palms. How awesome is that?!! On top of that .. the drinks were pouring left and right .. and the bartenders were awesome! The best part about this bar would have to be the rooftop view. It is amazzzingly gorgeous. Too bad it was super windy the night we went because we didn't get to indulge in the view.
3	Pleasant staff, WAY overpriced drinks... (Attention: You are NOT on the strip. $10+ for a well drink is NOT acceptable.)The view was nice. Too bad the glass floor was dirty on both sides. Would have loved to be able to see fully down 55 floors. Was just here for an event tonight. Will probably not be back unless there's another event I'm attending.
5	We had a great time a GhostBar this Fall... My company held a client celebration event here and the staff was amazing, from start to finsh they really took care of us.  VIP Host Adam Sadie is the man, he went above and beyond to make sure my clients had a blast.  GREAT VENUE!
4	Expensive but worth it, especially if you have never been.  The place is a bit small but always clean and the outside bars are always open no matter how cold it is.  I have been here 3 times now and have had a great experience each time.  If you have never been here, go.  The view is amazing and the atmosphere is much better than the VooDoo Lounge.  As one member stated, this place exists for the view.  I wouldn't really call it a club and its a poor choice if you are looking to go out to dance.  This is the perfect spot to start the night off and then head to one of the other great clubs in the Palms (or a club anywhere for that matter).
5	I came here the first night of my 21st birthday celebration. My friend got me free passes in, but boys had to pay a cover fee ($25, I believe). You wait in a short line and go up the elevator to the freggin roof top. Can I just tell you, how awesome this place was?? It was kinda tiny, as far as room to dance inside, especially because they had room for all the table bottle service couch things. (Totally didn't want to drop that much money so we wandered around). We ordered drinks, and bartenders were nice enough. The best part of Ghostbar was the music, IMO. They played old(er) '90s music and JOURNEY! We had fun singing along and dancing inside. We moved outside when it got a bit stuffy, and the view was amazing. Snapped a few photos and danced by the glass edge; it was super pretty. It's nice because the music is still loud and clear when you're outside and it's windy, and also because there are 2 more bars outside. So there's no need to squeeze through the crowd surrounding the inside bar.Stayed until about 3:30. It started to empty out, and the alcohol was making me want to sit down and sleep. Good thing I wore my flats because I would've fallen on my face. All in all, I had a lot of fun here, and would probably consider coming back (:
4	Night clubs in Vegas come and go but Ghost Bar has endured as a legit party spot.  Not too big and that's the way I like it.  But what gets this place atop the Palms a four star review is its amazing view.  It's the upper class cousin to the Rio's Voodoo Lounge across the street.If you want to avoid anything too crazy, go to Ghost Bar on a weeknight.  Locals usually can get in free as long as you dress the part.  Drink prices are the usual inflated rate you'll find at any premier hotel.  Service at the bar can be a little slow at times.  It takes a lot to make me a fan of a nightclub and usually it involves an intangible like an excellent location or amazing view.  Being at the Palms and on the top floor, this place has both.
4	HELLA NICE VIEW OF VEGAS. I was in awe and amazement at what my eyes were seeing.Anyways, drinks were what you expect. You're in Vegas. Sadly I thought it'd be cheaper cause we were at a bar instead of a club. I super liked the DJ but no one was dancing when we went! :( LAME.I'd come back, but mos def with more people.
5	One of my favorite places in Vegas!Ghostbar is bad ass, and that is an understatement. I had guest list for 5, and we got a line pass to the front. Before paying $25 for entry, we were offered a deal for $40 for all four of the Palms clubs and lounges, needless to say we took the offer!Once we went up the elevator, 55 Floors up, we entered an entire bar and lounge area enough for couple hundred people. There isn't much sitting room, but there are tables you can buy if you're up for spending the green.Outside, there is a ledge that literally hangs off the side of the building, complete with a glass window that you can STAND on to look straight down- a bit much for me as I suffer from acrophobia, but fun nonetheless. On the sides of this overhanging platform are two more full bars and tons of couches and chairs. The drinks weren't overpriced here, to be quite honest. We had a round of shots for the five of us and it was only sixty bucks after tip. Mix drinks were about $8, higher end top shelf got up to $10. This place is super chill, the DJ plays great music, and not too much of the Top 40 you usually hear at clubs in Vegas- Too Short, at Ghostbar?! NICE! This is more of a chill spot to just relax with friends, have some drinks and soak in the GORGEOUS view.
3	This is a cool place to hang out. You can see all of Las Vegas, and the area is pretty big. The only thing I did not like was the DJ. Played crappy music for a long time, and i was mad I had to pay $20.
5	Wow, Ghostbar is awesome.  It's a rooftop bar, and these are the best views of the city I have seen any place.  I was here in the middle of winter and had to huddle under the heat lamp to keep warm, but it was worth it because it is so beautiful up here.  We came pretty early so there was no line and we went right up.  The bartenders and servers were really nice and didn't give me a hard time when I dropped a drink and broke a glass (they cleaned it up in about three seconds flat).  The drinks were yummy and they even let us sit down without ordering bottle service.  I also like that its in the Palms, the same hotel as Rain where we always go on Saturday nights because it is the best dance club around.
5	Every time i go out to Vegas, on the Tuesday night i am out there, i get the all access pass to the three nightclubs at the Palms and start the night off at ghostbar. The view alone is worth the trip up 55 floors. The music is great, the drinks are amazing. The "ghost-tini" is a great drink. I always love to go over after a couple of beers and stand on the glass in the floor and watch the other people kind of freak out over it. I always try to get people to stand on it and its a fun time in my mind. ghostbar is a great starting point to your night out at the Palms.
5	love LOVE Ghost Bar. just recently discovered this bar and i'll probably be back everytime i venture out to sin city. roof top bar with a killer view of the strip. good music to dance to. dj is spinning mostly hip hop. from the 80's, 90's and now. drinks are poured heavy and priced very well. i paid $8 for my captain and diet. good deal! especially for trendy vegas nightlife. need some fresh air?  just step outside and get blown away! and one time, i really almost did!
2	What... this is Ghost Bar?  Cmon.... from all the things I've heard about Ghost Bar (sexy, large, great music, awesome-ly decorated) I was expecting something really sexy and awesome... stayed for less than 10 minutes and got bored.  Great view, though...I blame XS... nothing can compare anymore.. !!
2	Okay, so we probably experienced this club on the WRONG night, but I'm reviewing my experience, K?  My and my man went here on a Thursday night, simply cuz we had an all access pass to the clubs at Palms and wanted to see what it was about.  We had already been to Playboy and Moon.  Well, we didn't stay long. I guess we went there on "rock" night or something, cuz that was all that was playing. ZERO dancable music. The crowd was just standing around, and the poor gogo dancers looked like they weren't sure what to do. Anyway, the crowd was not mixed at all, and my man felt a little uncomfortable so we got out fast.  Sure the view is great, but we got the same at Moon. Yes, the decor is futuristic, but really....I go to a club for a good time. All that really matters is the music and the crowd. It sure wasn't here.
3	Minimum Age: 21+.Cost: ~$30Crowd: Mixed, 20-30's.Dress Code: Fashionable attire.Music: Top 40.Date Attended: 01/23/10, SaturdayThe best part about Ghost Bar is the outside view!  Situated at the top of the Palms, you get to see Las Vegas from a great vantage point.  Nothing else really stood out to me.Pros: Great vantage point.Cons: None.
1	Finito!I was here six years ago when it was bumpin and then again last weekend.  What a different story.  They need to close it up and redo something then re-open.  I was here on a Friday at 1:00 AM so I really don't think I missed the crowd.  There just wasn't one.  And it was just a couple of douchebags.  Six years is an eternity in the club world so not really their fault, but you can EASILY find better newer hotter clubs in Vegas.
5	FIVE STARS for the view alone!!! it was TOTALLY breath taking!!! I spent most of my night looking at the beautiful view! The outdoor patio is the best place, i never stepped one foot inside! Me and my girls faked like we on the guestlist, but we wasnt, but the door girl was nice enuff to let us in ne way (im a hustler) wereThe drinks were nice and strong and the bathroom attendents were super nice (lol although i was pretty drunk by then) Music was a nice mix!!!POINT IS... go for the view alone!
4	I am more of a lounge guy, so this is a good spot for me, you can pre-party with a view.  Decent amount of seating or leaning space, it was hopping couple of years ago, not as popular but still great views.
2	The cowd was ehh. The outside area was nice. Only one square that will let you see the bottom. They really hyped up this bar on The Real World. I expected more but it was cool.
3	I was here for about 10 minutes bc we were roaming through all the Palms clubs/bars and I really liked it. The place is definitely tiny compared to the other clubs around but the music was good and I loved the huge booth seating. Also, their patio is pretty big and the view is nice. I'd definitely come back here to start off the night.
3	Like many places in Vegas, this place is kind of a rip off.  However, it does have a beautiful view and a great balcony.  As I am a sucker for rooftop bars/balcony views and that sort of thing, this place is redeemable.  Last time I was there I saw a really strange sign that said "dancing absolutely prohibited."  It definitely gave the place a kind of stick-up-the-ass vibe.
3	D-BAG central. I guess this would have to be because we got there during a Jersey Shore party - but still. We were just trying to dance and have a good time, but hard to do when the likely hood of being grabbed at, harassed or getting into a fight is pretty damn likely at a place like this. Also, it's a ridiculously hard to get into (even though we had VIP access and bypassed the line we had to wait for like 10 minutes). Reminds me a lot of the Ghost Bar in Dallas (not a good thing).
4	The facts:- 55 floors up- Glass bottom floor = vertigo ensues- Breathtaking view of Las VegasIf you eat at N9NE beforehand, get a comp pass from your waiter. Next up: Playboy Club
4	Just what I need for a fun night out:1. Good music2. Cute dudes to dance with3. A balcony to cool off on4. And oh right, THE MOST AMAZING VIEW OF LAS VEGASA great way to spend my first night (and also wellll into the morning) in Vegas!:o)
5	I came here twice and always had a lot fun at this place. The crowd is always very interesting. Despite having to wait on the line for 45 mins to get in, the rooftop view of  the Vegas strip is breathtaking.
2	I think im done with Ghost Bar. This use to be my chill spot to take out of town visitors to impress them with the view, atmosphere and the mild party vibe. This last Friday i made list arrangements with a NEW promoter with the N9NE Group which i think is what F'ed me. My regular girl has been MIA for a while and so i needed to act fast and find somebody so i settled for this. Just myself with 3 girls on the list should not have been a problem. Had to do something new this time and check in at LA Tan in the palms (that was weird #1) as i never did this and was given a ticket that looked like i was going to see Shrek at the movies. Did the usual and got to the rope to find the Clipboard Master to drop a name and was told that these dumb ass tickets i got from La Tan still made me wait in line (weird #2) as why make previous arrangements to stand in line? So since im anti Disneyland lines i gave security a $50 shake and got passed that hurdle. Then when i got to the register... guess what i had to pay $25 to get in (weird #3). Im sorry but this has never happened in the past when dealing with the promoters ahead of time and making sure i kept their guy girl ratios in mind and favorable toward the girls obviously. So $75 bucks later im in Ghost Bar...and a little annoyed. First round of drinks i worked toward the outside bar to the left only to find out that they dont have Seagram's 7 for my 7&7... say WUT! Really? Your gonna charge me $15 for a drink and you cant even carry the basic essentials behind your bar... fine ill take a Maker's Mark and coke which was made horribly as i like to enjoy my drinks and this was WAY too strong. The second round was bought at the main bar where they had everything and made alright but the wait was retarded, as it would be way more efficient if they stocked the outdoor bars properly. Beside the negatives Ghost Bar still obviously remains to be a great view of the city with a decent DJ at times and an overall decent feel. But could be improved upon quite a bit to make the place worth spending the $15/ drink prices a more enjoyable experience. This was my last run to Ghost Bar since the issues at the door were slightly embarrassing and honestly ridiculous, i dont know if i have N9NE Group to thank for that or the actual bar/club but either way ill spend my money elsewhere where the service is more appreciative. I think Ghost Bar needs to take a step back and improve upon a few things but doubtful that will happen.
2	There are signs up that say something to the effect of "This is a lounge, no dancing allowed". I don't even like dancing but this rubs me the wrong way. If you don't buy a table you're stuck standing in this cramped loud small "club" where you can't dance. Drinks are pricey and not well made. The view does rock, but try Voodoo lounge or Mix instead for awesome views and less B/S.
5	Awesome. Awesome awesome awesome. The balcony was obviously phenomenal, the place did not require bottle service, and the wait wasn't too bad. Obviously you can't bitch and moan about prices if you're going to a trendy club/lounge, but this place definitely delivered. Then again, I'm not a Vegas regular, just a visitor. My budget might have been slightly more for a night out than a resident.
4	A glass floor at the top of The Palms? I'm there!Since we're at the top of The Palms, most people were out on the balcony dancing the night away 40 stories in the air. The balcony is kinda small as a dance floor so space is pretty limited. Good: Top of The Palms. It's a different experience.Bad: if you want a crazy club, go downstairs. This place is a little more laid back.Final: Great place to have a smaller club feel and have a nice cool breeze from the top.
4	Excellent spot with great views and easy access to the bar tenders who are super cool and friendly.  Even though it was packed, the bar wasn't all crazy to the point where you have to fight for space like some of the other clubs.  I had a pass to the Playboy club, and it ended up including Ghost Bar access, which I believe may have been due to the fact that Moon (which is connected to Playboy and normally included with Playboy access) was closed.   Also, the "no dancing because this is a lounge" rule mentioned in some other reviews below was not in effect when I rolled through.  The thing that makes this place cool is that even though it is loud inside the joint, there's a pretty decent sized patio area including some good seating where you're outside (I believe this place is 55 stories up, if I remember correctly) with probably the best, picture-perfect view that you can get of Vegas anywhere  - and there's enough of a volume break from the music so that you can actually hold a conversation comfortably.
5	I worked up some body heat cutting up rugs in some of the other Palms clubs so I wanted to cool off 55 floors up on a nice balcony. I guess if that means I have to wander through Ghostbar to do so, then so be it. Kidding. Drinks are good and Vegas-priced here, but it's Vegas. Bring your camera for the panorama on the balcony. Don't drop it. If you seriously are hot, stick your face out between the glass panes; the breeze will cool you down. Don't throw up in this position. If you're sober going up or down on the elevator, time it from door close to door open. I was buzzed so I don't know for sure, but that's a damn fast elevator.
4	After going to the other three nightclubs at the Palms Towers, we ended our night at The Ghost Bar. We hadn't read up on this place so we weren't expecting the bar's spellbinding view of Las Vegas' evening skyline!The music was decent, they played a nice blend of Hip-Hop and House/Trance. It wasn't overly crowded and had a lot of areas to sit down, as well as open dance floors. By far, the best feature of this bar is the rooftop terrace that overlooks the Vegas city lights. There's an area on the terrace that has a clear pane where you can see 55 stories down, yikes! I actually made friends with a guy that was trying to convince me to step on the pane, since I was too scared, by jumping up and down on it (what the hell?) haha! We spent the remainder of our night drinking and partying under the stars, literally. The Ghost Bar is a "must-go", haha.
5	HOT!!! Miami infused club meets social setting.  I would strongly recommend.  I am there most nights when I am in Las Vegas.  If you go ask for Sean the GM or Danica the VIP Hostess.  Make sure you find Adam the bartender.  He is great.  You will have a great time with that trifecta.
4	Ghost Bar is neat. I went on a brief exploration of the Palms in June to visit the Stanley cup and check out a couple of the clubs.It's fifty-five stories up and has a fabulous view of the Strip. The coolest part is the window in the floor of the balcony where you can look straight down and admire the parking lot below. It was a little frightening for me, but a super cool idea. Definitely come here to chill out and enjoy the view!
3	Ghostbar is nice bc it's relaxing and out in the open. At 55 floors up, you can see the strip and all it's lights. I like the views and the vibe, but the off strip location makes it slightly inconvenient. I think I would check out other rooftop bars before coming back here again. I'm not really a fan of Palms as I also dislike Rain, Moon, and Playboy club. In my mind, there are soooo many other places worth checking out and experiencing. There are some places to sit... but more tables that say reserved though.
5	For me, this is the best club in Vegas to hang-out. It doesn't feel as crowded--probably because it's more like a lounge, as the number of people admitted up into the club is controlled; you have indoor and a great outdoor patio (55 stories high) with the famous 'see-through window you can stand on', and with the most fantastic view of Vegas. Get the "bottle service" and a reserved table and it's the best "home base" as you have free access to Rain, Playboy, & Moon. When you get done touring, dancing, watching (great pole dancers at Moon after 1am), & playing in all of those other clubs you return to YOUR table at Ghostbar and it's still waiting for you--awesome!I also enjoy the music here.  Frequently Paul Oakenfold is spinning and he's really talented and adds to the positive vibe you'll feel.The Service is the best--both waitresses and security. And if you have the bottle service and a table, you'll get taken care of here better then any place else.It's not the biggest, it's not on the strip, not newest, nor the most extravagant but, it is simply the BEST! Make this a MUST STOP destination when in Vegas.
4	The biggest thing that this gets is, the view...breathtaking and beauiful. I do like the whole rooftop club idea, the open balcony, but weather permitting, in vegas...it can be triple digits dry in the summer, and amazingly cold in the fall/winter. I remember first hearing about Ghost Bar once it opened up, and it scared me, seemed elite of the elite, but that's hardly the case now, any joe schmo can come in, but it is alright. All the people I've met there have been really friendly, a good atmostphere, there are seats out in the balcony if you didn't pay for bottle service, so that was alright, it's fun seeing everyone out and about with music blazing, I did enjoy my time here, it's small, it's a literally one bar and a couple 1/2 bars outside with cheapy drinks you can get at a upscale frat party served in plastic cups. One other big plus to this place was that it was fast access to Ghost bar and on the way down, which is the big difference between here and moon.
4	Yeah, a bit far, but 1 of the best views of the Las Vegas strip. There is also a glass floor you can look down. This spot is mainly for the view and relaxing. The dancing area is small.
4	This place is pretty awesome. The balcony has an awesome view! The music was a mix of hip hop and house. I had a great time up here. Getting free drinks from my buddies was also a plus! If you go up, definitely stand on the glass at the balcony. It's sort os freaky.
5	I felt like I was in a music video, with the wind in my hair, a split of Dom Perignon, 8 hot girls in tow,  55 floors above the strip, 270 degrees of killer views and STRONG drinks.Throw in the mid life crisis man wearing snakeskin pants, and definitely over payed the bouncer to get it and you are in the HEART of Vegas, baby...
2	Nice views.
5	Probably one of the best clubbing experiences of my life.PROS;1. Not too crowded. Crowded enough to meet people and party hard, but still manage to walk to the bathroom without pushing, shoving, climbing over couples making out.2. Great music. Fun mashups of top 40/hip hop/80's/90's.3. Nice staff on the inside. My friends took off their heels cause their feet hurt. One guy came over and told them to put their shoes back on (for safety reasons), but let us use a VIP table/couch area until the guests of the spot arrived.4. Amazing location. On the 56th floor of the resort. Outside balcony dancing with views of the whole strip. There is also a spot on the ground that's transparent solid glass, so if you dance over it, it looks like you're dancing on air.CONS:1. Had a run-in with the bouncer, so half of the party--the gals who were with me--had to wait in "line" for 20+ minutes while the other girls went right on in. Word of advice: keep your sass to yourself unless you want to have a hard time getting in because the bouncers are assholes and have nothing else to look fwd to other than their power trips.
4	came here on saturday night with my dad and brother (yes my dad) for an retired NBA players reunion event. Its at the top floor of one of the 2 towers at the Palms. I would call it more of a lounge than a club/bar, but people were dancing nonetheless. Its pretty much one big room and one big patio outside that overlooked the strip (really nice views). What I like about this place is they offer some non bottle service seating, which is rare in vegas. I got to meet some of the legends: Dr J, Moses Malone, George "iceman" Gervin, etc. And being the HUGE basketball fan i am, that was special. All in all this place was cool and i would definitely recommend.
3	I would actually give this place 3.5 stars.  I stayed at Palms recently and I came to Ghost bar 2 of the 3 nights I was there.  I went on Sunday night and Monday night, both nights were chill, but Sunday had a bit more people.  Both nights we went we got drinks and hung out in our spot on the outside terrace, the view was beautiful! The bartenders were nice and our mixed drinks were about 12$ each.  They have a spot on the terrace were u can look down 55 floors, but girls,  I wouldn't really recommend standing  directly on it unless u want everybody seeing your cellulite, cause let me tell u, that was our biggest convo of the evening...it even showcased the skinniest girls cellulite....and it did not look good!  But if u don't care about that then go ahead!!  Anyway, both nights we ended up meeting cute friendly men and having a great time! Ah, I love Las Vegas!!
3	Do yourself a favor. Don't come here on a Monday night, it's dead.That being said, though, it was easy to get out onto the open-air space and stare over at Moon, Playboy Club, and the strip from the deck. Best part is the view - many taking photos and more of the lights and sky, plus stand on the plexiglass floor (shocking to some).  Met some fun foreigners here that loved to dance.Definitely get a pass if you're from the hotel or eating at one of the restaurants.
3	Came here on a Saturday night, I would recommend getting here before 10pm, it started to get really packed around 10:30pm.  The cover charge is ridiculous and really not worth the price!  Our group paid $60 for the VIP all-access to get into any of the bars/clubs at Palms, but the regular price of $20 to get into Ghostbar just isn't worth it; actually I don't think the VIP all-access was worth $60, but you do get to the front of the lines!  The views looking toward the strip at the patio area of ghostbar is nice, but the problem is Palms is located so far away from the strip that you can only get a good view of Rio, everything else is just a bunch of blinking bright lights!  The drinks are a tad expensive; I think they charged $15 for mixed drinks.  The bar area is small, and if you want to sit down, you need to reserve a table plus bottle service.  I find it ridiculous that these bars make you pay for bottle service otherwise you got to stand the whole night.  Don't get me wrong, ghostbar is definitely a trendy spot, its got a nice view of the strip, and all the people seemed friendly!  However, the cover charge to get in is ridiculous, the drinks are overpriced, and the place is pretty small and gets filled up quickly.    My recommendation, go the "The MIX" at Mandalay Bay.  The MIX has much better views of the strip, it also has a nice outdoor patio area with tables, and the drinks are a little less expensive.  The last time I went, we could grab a drink and sit down on the couches, and there wasn't a cover charge to get into the lounge.  The views at the top of Mandalay are just as nice, if not nicer, than the one at Ghostbar, and you don't need to work and arm and leg trying to pay for cover plus drinks plus a table.   Ghostbar is a nice place to check out once, if you haven't gone before, or if your new to Vegas, but I have been to better places.
3	great atmosphere and great view. the music is kind of weird, it was a mixture of latin salsa trance? to just come here the view it is worth it. you get to see the strip and it looks amazing. the drinks aren't too bad. not really sure how much they cost, but definitely pricey. on hot nights, it has a nice warm breeze that makes everything feel better when you are kinda buzzed and dancing!
4	Such a breathtaking, romantic view. The best view of the strip!Come here with a date, not a bunch of wild friends wanting to party. Dancing is strictly prohibited....I'm guessing because there's a glass floor and dancing/jumping on it could potentially break it. I got in free but my date paid a $25 cover.
4	Went back this month.... Still a great place.... N9ne steakhouse comp'd us cover here so we went and had a drink. It was Thursday and was definately dead, but that doesn't matter because the view was still AMAZING
1	Been here a few times.  While it has a nice view and it can be fun once inside, its not worth the lines and dealing with the poor service at the bar and incredibly rude doormen.  Found that Mix Lounge had a better view and better service.
3	Stay outside not inside!I came here and was highly impressed with the outside lounge/dance area. There was a glass area where you could see all the way down below you. The view from the outside is tremendous!The place is dark and the bar is also rather small too. The interior nothing special to write about because there really is no dance floor.This place is really a lounge/bar than a club. Good place to start but not to end.
3	This place has an awesome view, but that's about all it has going for it. We went on a Wednesday (the last night of our trip) not knowing what to expect. There was no line when we walked up, and we missed the entrance on the first pass. Managed to get in without paying a cover, which we thought was awesome... then we got upstairs and realized it was probably because the was a serious lack of females in the place. It was like walking into a fraternity party for 30 year old guys. The view was seriously awesome, but aside from that the place didn't have much of a personality.
4	When you enter the club after exiting the elevator, you can sense the fun in the air. People are greeting each other and having a good time. When you walk towards the back of the club, you can exit to the roof top where you are greeted by a breath taking view. You have a panoramic view of the Strip of Las Vegas. The lights from the strip with the night sky and music playing is not only romantic but something that can be looked at for a while. I like the fact that you can lounge outside with the view and there is a bartender outside too, which is great because there is hardly a line to wait on! It could get a bit nippy at night in the months between January and April because of being so high up in building. This is a place to definitely visit once you are in Las Vegas!
4	Personally I think Ghost Bar is a staple if it's your first time in VEgas. The views are out of this world and the music will keep you dancing all night long. Be prepared to pay $30 cover and $15 for drinks.
3	Id have to say it was pretty freakin boring... but really cool view of last vegas strip... not really a place where you can stay all night and have fun...
4	Ghost bar is the shizzle! Beautiful bar on the 50 somethin floor of the Palms resort boasts beautiful views of the city, great music and good drinks. I think this is a must go bar if you are at the palms. Even though, its not as crowded as moons and rain, the bar's large sky dec with bar on either side outside feels uber cool. Make sure you look down the glass floor of the deck. Mind Bogling! (Don't do it if u afraid of heights though!)This place didn't have a lotta danceing going on like moon or rain, but it definitely is a nice place to chill, enjoy the view, the music and the drinks!
4	4 stars because we had a lot of fun there and we wanted to have a good time on our last night! We seriously danced the night away on the 55th floor! Music was alright..the DJ did play our requests..so major plus! The crowd was around ages 30 and higher. No good for my guy friends who were on a prowl. We were definitely one of the younger ones there! The view is EXTRAORDINARY!!drinks were expensiveee!!!long islands:15sex on the beach: 12I enjoyed it..but I probably wont be back until Im a bit older..Enjoy! :)
3	Used to be good, not anymore.Nice view from the balcony (when its actually open, apparently when they hear thunder in the distance they close it). Nowadays there are plenty of bars/clubs with good views though.Lame crowd, used to be young hot people, now its a bunch of old guys.Drinks are still expensive.
4	This was one of the coolest clubs I have ever been to. Its kinda small but very nice atmosphere when you are able to look off the balcony.  The drinks are exspensive but the shots are cheap...$6.00.I had a blast here when I was there a few weeks ago. But try to get on the guest list because the line will be long.
4	I give it 4 stars because there aren't many places that offer this gorgeous view. The crowd is good and the music is good, but the dance floor is very small (the space in general here is quite small. It's more appropriate for lounging).Free entry for females via Guest List or $25 for males (or $60 for that all access VIP pass that permits entry into all the Palms clubs).
4	The bouncers are awesome, and the bartenders are awesome. Some asshole spilled my drink and since he wouldnt replace it the bartender was sweet enough to just give me another one. I love people that give away crown and ginger!It was pretty dead while my friend and I were there, but it was 2:00am on thursday. Just might not of been their night for a big crowd. I enjoyed it though!
3	It's a good spot. Once the novelty of the plexiglass square that everybody goes to see (that you can see thru to the ground) wears off, it doesn't really stand out much. It's less cramped than the Foundation Room, but not as nice as Voodoo or Foundation. Also that glass plate has gotten so dirty that it kind of lost its lustre.
2	We went to the Ghost Bar the Saturday before Halloween.  Like many clubs that night it was $50 at the door and the line was 2 hours long but that does raise one's expectations.  Around 1AM we finally got in to find it wasn't really that crowded inside although it was definitely not dead.The only way you would know it was Halloween was one hanging ghoul figure, there was no other decor or excessive Thriller plays be the DJ.  About half the people were in costume with some being pretty impressive.  The club space was not very large but did have a large deck with a decent view, not stellar.  Bartenders were attentive and plentiful but at $8/beer I made few trips to the bar.Overall I was underwhelmed.
4	Love this place mainly for the view.  Its nice to come out here on a clear night, that is not too cold.  You can see the whole strip and all the wonderful lights. Its a nice lounge where you can come with a big group to enjoy the night with a couple drinks, they also play music and there's a dance floor inside.Only thing is that the bouncers can be jerks... I went there a couple months ago and the guys wore tennis shoes...And we went back there over the weekend, and they were unable to get it, which was dumb because there was NO line and we have 6-8 guys that were willing to $25-30 each...they lost out of a lot of business there...entrance fee and alcohol... but nonetheless, still love the place for the nice view... Great way to enjoy drinks in Vegas outdoors on a nice night, without having to be in a stuffy crowded club...
5	Fifty-five floors up you are defiantly getting some of the best views in Las Vegas, particularly in a bar. Drinks prices are as they should be expected in a location as such. If you expect to get in without a wait I would either make prior arrangements or make sure you arrive early especially on busier nights, although the club does have a quite a bit of floor space and the capacity is reasonably controlled you will be in for quite a wait if you are not prepared.
3	I have only been once...and I seriously doubt I will ever go back. Not because the Ghost Bar isn't a great scene...but simply because I never stay at the Palms and unless you make a special trip off the strip to party or drink, then you may not find yourself going to Ghost Bar (besides, I like Voodoo at the Rio much better).This place, in my mind, was made famous by Real World, and now that no one can remember that particular season, the allure of Ghost Bar has gone with it. Surprisingly for a bar/club/lounge, the drinks are not very expensive. I did, however, go on a Tuesday evening when the crowd was dead. perhaps being there when it is livelier will change my mind about this place...but then again, when will I ever make a special trip off the Strip to party when there are so many great options on the Strip?
3	I will confess, in my drunken haze I barely remember much about Ghostbar except three things: Tourment absinthe tastes like Scope spearmint mouthwash, the view is impressive, and Nitro Circus is insane for base-jumping from here.The inside is white and blue, filled with plush white couches, and the outside deck area is amazing. I expected Ghostbar to be jumping, the DJ mixing couldn't pull it off though, mixing too much Lil Wayne, Drake, and Nikki Minaj I guess. I thought he would've stuck to club/tech/house, but oh well. Pretty good but Ghostbar doesn't equate close to the other clubs in the Palms.
4	I like this place mainly for 2 reasons:1. Aweosme view of the strip2. Good, laidback lounge feel with a bit of a club atmosphereIf you need a break from the big clubs but still want a nice, fun place (not ghetto) go here.
4	This place gets 4 stars for the view ONLY. If your down for the swanky-swank scene then this is the place for you! Lots of house music and beautiful lounge. Not really a club (which I think is clearly stated) so don't come here expecting that! Also, not worth the 20$ cover.  Get on the list from a promoter on the strip and get in for free to ghostbar and playboy club with two free drinks.  JUST MAKE SURE YOU'RE THERE BY 1.  Once again beautiful lounge and view, just not my scene.
3	It's called Ghost Bar cause its DEAD.  This place has really gone downhill since I first checked it out 10 years ago.  This place is still a nice bar to drink at with friends, while looking at the view.  But don't come here if you're in the mood for clubbing.  Worst yet, this place is old news.  Vegas is all about whats new! The best thing about this place is the view, but it gets old fast.  3/5 compared to other vegas options.Derek
4	It is at the top of the main Palms building and has a large table reserved area with a long bar. The outside area is fun as well, with a glass see through plate to view Las Vegas below.This is more of a place to hang out with friends than to do dancing. Since this is a smaller venue upstairs, it will be more difficult to get into than Rain across the hall. Good to come when other inside only nightclubs won't do.Ghost Bar is a bar and from my last visit, had pretty good DJ's. I'm not a big drinker so I can't say for sure on how the drinks are made. As a bar, it is well sized. To get a seat, be sure to reserve a table, which may run into the hundreds of dollars range. I've visited many times over the last seven years and enjoyed spending equal amounts of time inside and out. Sometimes, there is even a second DJ on the patio outside. You'll enjoy the great view of the Las Vegas Strip and fun place to take a few shots of your Vegas experience.
4	I went to an after party last night and I thought the place was pretty.  I am not into the club scene and far more into networking, and getting to know people. You could have a conversation there, the bartender poured very generously, the seating was cool and comfortable and the deck view was incredible. They did need to wash that window that lets you see 50 stories down.
4	Ghostbar was great!  My friend & I met a great group of people to party with.  The view is amazing & it is not so crowded like some of the other clubs.  Would go there again!
5	I absolutely love this Bar!  One of the Best views of LV.  Seating indoors and out.  I'll definitely be back.
2	We went for their Halloween party on Saturday 10/30.  Like many clubs it was $50 each, the line was 2 hours long and beers were $8. Inside there was one ghost hung up and no further decorations. The men's room had one broken toilet all night but drunks continued to use it flooding the floor with peepee.  The music was average, crowd was fun but only about half were in costumes and one fight did break out.  The club itself is not memorable.
4	OK. First of all, any place with a view like this (and Moon) deserve at least 4 stars!!!So after my friends and I left The Bank after a disappointing experience, we decided to come here around 1am. So glad we did! It was not crowded at all. Each of us girls had a pass for 2 free drinks (on top of the ~10 drinks we each previously had throughout the night) so we were feeling good. I've been reading that dancing is prohibited... wtf? We danced for most of the time we were there!! However, there is no actual dance floor, I don't think... we were simply boogie-ing in between tables, trying not to knock over anything in our path. The DJ was playing house/trance music, so I got to feel like I was in Europe! oonz oonz oonz.Ghost Bar definitely exceeded my expectations! Even though I was thoroughly sloshed so my perception may be skewed, I'd recommend it solely for the view.
2	i went on 12/30/2010so i guess due to the holiday weekend it was PACKED!!! like WAY WAY WAY WAY TOO PACKED.I kept getting pushed and shoved and couldn't even enjoy my night with friends. We tried to go on the patio, but the lamp heaters weren't on so it  was unbearably cold.drinks were expensive, but i tipped well, so the bartender hooked me up!so 2 drinks gave me a nice buzz, however i got tired of being stepped on and pushed around and me and my girls left around 2. (got there at 1am)luckily there was no cover. the dj was TERRIBLE!!! Ghostbar is definitely not a good place to go if you feel like dancing.the crowd was kinda 30-40 and i'm 23, so not really a good place to make new friends if you're in ur early 20s.one positive!The view from the patio was incredible!
5	must go to place when you go to vegas!
4	Holy crap! A must see!Unless your a famous Ball player or want to spend you child's college fund in one night, I'd advise not buying bottles here. Everything is over 100$.. EVERYTHING! That shouldn't stop you from going tho. The view is out of this world. The environment is extremely chill and laid back. As for a dance club.. not so much. The bartenders got alittle pissed because we only ordered beers and closed the bar early. The cover for Moon bar covered Ghost bar as well... So we went. I don't know if I would pay just for Ghost. I will say that the view blew my mind.
4	Palms in general has really good service and does not play the games like other venues and clubs do with there doormen and service. Ghostbars lives up to this they will get you in, treat you well and they have quality drinks. The views is one of the best in the city and the cut out on the floor to see 50 something stories straight down is just plan cool. Music is awesome, think party and a talented DJ. Drinks can be expensive (like $10 plus for anything).
4	Definitely not a ghetto bar/lounge..very nice and classy.I LOVED the view of the strip..prob the best view there is in vegas !..inside i liked the clean white interior and the pink purple blue lights.If it had a dance floor and more ppl i would give it a 5
3	Went for a bachelor party.  Well, actually got free VIP access to the Ghost Bar by making good with the server at N9NE steakhouse.  Their setup is private seating on the left and a long bar at the right.  Beyond that, the bar opens up with a view of Las Vegas.  Socializing and people watching are a must to do while up here.The drinks were decent and the service was alright.  Above anything, you're just paying for atmosphere and ambiance.
1	The Ghostbar is on the 55th floor of the Palms Hotel. We went last night for the Magic party sponsored by Inked Magazine. Thank you to Andi for getting us in, and lets be honest, you knew this review was coming from me.Basically clubbing or any sort of small lounge with blaring music is not for me, but Lace really wanted to go. Overall in my opinion the place is pretty small, and the drinks are the usual overpriced Miller Lite Vegas style. The outdoor patio extends out and you are able to have a great view of the city which was pretty cool. The music was too loud for being a place that says on the door "no dancing what so ever." Would of enjoyed it a bit more if it was more of a low key lounge with mild music.
2	We went on a Tuesday night and didn't pay a cover and were on the guest list (thanks www.cheapvegasclubs.com).  I liked the music they were playing (rock hits) and the view of the strip was really enjoyable.  Drinks are expensive, but you should expect that in Vegas.  The people there seemed really pretentious (more than other Vegas clubs) and there isn't anywhere to put your drink or sit unless you get bottle service.  Bartender were rude.  Bounces and bathroom staff were nice as well as the door people.
4	I've been here twice and I likey! Music is good! The people are chill. Not too crowded, just right! The view is awesome! We paid $40 pp for a pass that got us into rain, ghost bar, playboy lounge, and moon for the entire night.
2	Nice space. A lot smaller than what i expected. I'm sure the patio area is nice to hangout on during warmer months. Music was no good and it didn't seem to get any better. The crowd is not diverse at all. The only good thing about this place was that we got 2 free drinks with VIP guestlist. doubt i would come back...its a bit too far away from the strip, not to mention that the palms itself is a bit underwhelming for a vegas hotel.
2	Kinda lame. If you have never been check it out. The view is very nice. But it is small and get's boring quick. Fun to socialize there. Not party. Check out Rain instead.
5	VIP List for me, cause that's how I roll.  LOL.  This place has a great view of Vegas, and the glass floor totally freaks me out.  Didn't stay here long enough to actually have an opinion of it, as we left and headed to Tryst.  But the view alone was fantastic, and so was the fact that I was VIP there ... 5 stars!
2	Tourist Trap.......It was $30 a person to get in, and we were taken upstairs after a little wait.  Once there, the drinks were high priced and it was basically a college crowd - singles party.The view was awesome, and you could see most of the city.  Tons of people taking pictures of the view.  There was a bar inside and a bar outside on the side deck area.The music was more normal compared to the Techno stuff at a club.  I always wonder why the music is so loud when you are at a bar, trying to talk to others.There was a large VIP area with couches but we had no interest in that.This is just another example of what marketing people can do.  Make you think you are missing out if you don't go to these type of places.
5	Went to Ghost Bar last week!!! Had a great time!! Drinks are pretty pricey (of course its Vegas) but keep an eye on you change we gave the bartender a $100 bill and he gave us a bunch of 5s and 10s making it seem like it was more. We caught it and he gave the rest to us right away so he must have know. The views are amazing!!! They had the best patio with the best view!!! Inside was really fun aswell. I recommend going to Vegas.com we bought an All Acess Pass that was $20 that got us into the 3 clubs at the Palms, Ghost Bar, Playboy Club and Moon. Ghost bar was the best though!!
4	This is a great place to go for a drink or two before you go out dancing or whatever your ideal Vegas night is. This place is nice to show off Vegas to to friends that may have never been there before because the view is amazing. I like this place cause it's a fun place to chat with other tourists. Also if you sign up on the nines website on their guest list they say they let the girls in your group in free although I have never paid from being on the guest list which I think is because it's been a three step process to get in 1) show id to guy by door 2) pay/get pass from cashier 3) go to guy by elevator. Overall it's a great view just like voodoo lounge only difference is ghostbar doesn't suck.
3	I am not a fan for any reason other than the atmosphere; the view is freakin' amazing and the window in the floor that lets you look down 18 stories or whatever it is is freeeaaaky!!!Drinks are very expensive here, so I suggest you take the route that I do when I go here: forego the vodka redbull and just get an absolut on the rocks, a little dirty with extra olives--this will save you about  $10/drink.  Anyway, check it out if you're trying to impress a lady or guy and want to be able to speak with them without yelling over crazy loud music.
2	I've been here before and it was fun but I had a weird experience this time around. This place is pricey, $30 to get in and $15 dollar drinks. No thank you. Plus is a not a club or dancing kinda spot. There is a sign at the cashier which states dancing is prohibited Ghost Bar is not a dance club but a lounge. That just killed my mood! We basically wasted major $ that night. Great view of the city though!
4	This is one of my favorite bars because of the view and the ambience. Its not a dance club by any means, just a lounge to chill at with good music. Drinks are pricey but its Vegas so you can expect that.
3	Great view, but a lot of hype for a club with  a DJ spinning some Vanilla Ice and Hall and Oates.
5	Had the best time here!! besides the $30 cover this place was great. The drinks had plenty of alcohol in them and not watered down(a constant sore spot at many bars and clubs around), the music was fantastic, and the view of the Vegas Strip was unparalleled. The music was more hip-hop, top 40, and random with spurts of raggaton and salsa. I guess it depends on the DJ. Either way, the sign by the counter says no dancing upstairs, but they said not to worry cuz most people dance anyway. How could you not with great music, the view, and lots of great drinks?
4	Ghost Bar on 55th Floor of the PalmsLV: StripThursday April 22, 20113.5 StarsSince we stayed at the Palms, we got in for free which was nice.  The bar was basically empty at 9pm.  The view was amazing.Expensive Drinks.Worth Checking Out.
4	Amazing view. It pretty much made it worth the price of admission. Also it had a great crowd the night we were there. Mid-twenties crowd with a few wedding parties. When we got our drinks it came to $23 for a Miller Lite and a Three Olives mixer. It took the girlfriend and I a few seconds to decide what to tip and the bartender got a little cranky. However, once we left him $4 he got over it. The night we went it was a little cold outside. Considering the only place to sit is on one of two benches right outside the door it wasn't ideal. If you really want a seat reserve one. However, I'm sure you'll pay highly for it. We went at about 9:30 and it was pretty empty. When we left around 10:30 it was starting to get a few more people but still not bad. I'd recommend getting the all access pass to the Palms bar. I feel like this bar is a must do while in Vegas, but not a place I would spend all night...unless I threw down the money for a table. I don't work for the guy, I swear, but www.jackcolton.com was huge for helping me with deciding where to go in Vegas. His contacts were impersonal, but worked.
3	Ghost Bar was alright.I don't pay for anything when I come here.It's not one of my favorite places to visit in Vegas.
4	:Ghost Bar is a great place, what else can I say???...  Great view of the strip from here, and it's open 7 days a week which is cool because most places like this you think would be reserved for the weekend.  It's classified as a bar...but an 8,000 square foot bar? Sure why not haha. Definitely try their signature drink, the "Ghostini" a cheesy name but a great drink.  It's a great place to sit and chill with friends or dance later in the night when it gets more crowded.
3	Great view. Expensive drinks!
4	A pretty small bar/lounge with a good crowd and amazing view.  They play great music and it gets crowded but they don't pack it like sardines.  They are known for the clear tile out on the patio where you can apparently see all the way down. Pretty cool concept.
4	We went on a Sunday night.  The host we contacted failed to put us on the guestlist but the bouncer was nice enough to let us in anyhow, no cover.  Very cool of them, considering it was already 11pm.  I wouldn't call this a great spot for dancing, it's more for drinking and socializing.  The deck has an incredible view and a hole in the floorcovered in plexiglass that you can look down into and see the street!  Pretty scary actually....  If you're doing wristbands, I recommend coming here first then hitting up Moon or Rain when you're properly boozed up.  It's also a good option if you're not into the mega-club scene.The drinks are pretty tasty, I'm partial to their white russians.  Priced as you would expect for Vegas ($14 for white russian, $13 for cranberry vodka, $16 for vodka redbull, etc).The dance floor actually has less dancing than the deck outside.  Would have enjoyed dancing outside a lot more if the dance floor wasn't so sticky, cause the view really is gorgeous outside.  But it was our last night in Vegas so we found a nice spot next to the DJ booth and danced away.I have to say though, I went to Tao, Marquee and XS that weekend andGhost Bar anomalously had one of the more attractive crowds.  Too bad I was so burnt out from three prior nights of partying or I could have enjoyed myself more ;)
5	This is one unique venue I swear. It is unique in the sense that its on the top floor of the Palms and it has inside and outside seating for dancing or lounging around. I am a person that sweats easily so having an outside portion really helps. Thanks to an amazing friend, I was able to experience this venue, and I must say it is one of my favorites. Girls tend to get a little crazy here so be careful. Bouncers are always walking around making sure no one is acting a fool
5	what a fun place! we went there on Sunday - Memorial Day Weekend. Showed up around midnight and stayed till closing. The music was great - the closing DJ - Brandon was pretty good and cute, had me dancing all night! Great crowd, strong drinks, good music - what more can you ask for?!
4	Cool view, NOT a dance club. Small inside for what I was expecting. No place to sit unless you get bottle service. Dead until later in the evening. But, cool view!
3	Visited: May 29th, 2011 Rating: 3 1/2 starsYay! I'm finally done with the reviews from my Vegas Trip! :) After us girls went to Thunder from Down Under, our next chauffeur drove us to the Palms. Originally, Scott had set us up for Rain, but I found out when checking in that the cover was $50, so I nixed that plan. The girl at the check-in gave us an option to either go to Moon or Ghostbar for free. So I just chose the Ghostbar. The bride, Isabel, wanted to go that bar in the first place so it kind of worked out. So we walked on over near the elevators that go up to Ghostbar and waited for the bouncer to let us go. The line movement was good, so we were inside the club within minutes and before the cut-off time. Based on just one visit, Here's what I think are the Pros and Cons of Ghostbar:Pros: 1.) Great view of the strip because the club is on the top floor. (I have issues with vertical heights, so going to the edge of that balcony was not happening.)2.) Good music playing. 3.) Places to sit that you don't have to pay for.4.) Nice bathrooms.Cons:1.) One of the bouncers was rude and pushed me and my friend.2.) Small area for dancingWhy 3 1/2 stars? While there were more pros than cons for this place, I just don't see myself coming back here again. I made the most of it because I got in for free and I didn't want to waste the experience of going to any Vegas club or bar. I'm almost certain that the girls with me felt the same way.
4	This place is as "Vegas" as it can get.  Sadly, its off the strip.  I guess thats why its not as crowded as Tao.  The girls got in free.  The guys had to pay $25, I think, which isnt bad for Vegas.  The view is a must-see.  Beautiful view of the strip, great outside bars and friendly bartenders!  On a warm night, I would have stayed here longer, but unfortunately it was really windy on the night that we were there, so we didnt stay here too long.  The music was okay, nothing too great.
4	I actually don't like the Palms that much but funny thing is, it seems I always whine up here. It could be because of Ghostbar. Like the Bellagio fountains, the view never gets old. When you don't want to go clubbing but you can't sit in your hotel room either, it's Vegas for goodness sakes. Ghostbar is a good compromise. The vibe is chill and loungy. A good way to ease into your weekend in Vegas.
4	3.5 starsPros: Short wait Good music Got places to sit and chill out on the balcony. Great view of the stripConsA bit older crowd No dance floor area so people are scatter out randomly dancing A bit small. I think they can make it a bit biggerOverall it was a good experience
3	Drinks are VERY expensive but so is everything in Vegas.  But you can't beat the view on a star filled night.  I hadn't been here in a few years and it is amazing on how much the skyline has changed.  The energy was low but it was early on a Tuesday night (11pm).  Things started to pick up a little at midnight as we left.
1	Horrible customer service. Me and my friends were on the guest list and trying to get into the club. I was the only one who didn't drink. They look at my driver's license and denied my entry because they think my picture didn't look like me. They then asked me several questions and i answered them correctly. I even show them my credit card with all my names. Lastly they asked me to sign my name on a piece of paper and it didn't match with the one on my driver's license, which was signed like 6 years ago. Because of this, they denied my entry. Me and my friends were so pissed and angry. When we were waiting, they let drunk and old people in. Another group of girls who are around our age also got denied. We tried to talk to the manager but he has no power over his staff which was retarded. The people who denied my entry, which one was a tall Asian guy with a wavy hair and a white bold guy with glasses, gave both rude and condescending attitude toward me and my friends when we were waiting. If you are ever looking for a clubbing place, don't go to any places in this plaza because they sux. Go to places like Xs which is legit.
3	Great views are seen from this place and they have a clear glass platform that will allow you to see directly down to the pool...can you say veritgo. good spot to hang out at before hitting up Rain.
4	The Ghost Bar is a ho hum spot except for one thing, the outdoor balcony.  The view from there is awesome, and it makes GB an above average place to drink.  Other than that it is kind of boring.  One wonders why a view like that is squandered so.
3	Really its more towards a 4, but I have my reasons... which I will list below (wow, how convenient!)I liked to location, the view, drinks, music... - however-  the prices were a bit more than the already high "Vegas premiums", people congregate in strange areas due to an awkward traffic flow, which causes spotted dancing (basically just in tiny groups with your friends).Definitely worth checking out, but not a final destination by any means.
5	Maybe my review would've been different if I didn't come here for a wedding ceremony/reception but the n9negroup did such an awesome job with everything (not exactly sure if they did the actual wedding planning but the entire staff to the catering; horderves and buffet style serving was on point).  The ambience and flavor was awesome as with my bottomless Jameson on the rocks, but $20 for a glass of champagne?  I think the bride and groom may have accidentaIly left it out of their wedding tab.  I felt like a VIP, the security remembered me every time I re-entered the elevator/club and even when I left the wedding and came back hours later when it was reopened to the public I was able to skip the lines and straight to the elevator up.I try to avoid Vegas as much as I can due to my addictive personality (strip clubs, not gambling, haha) but when your girl is having their wedding at a Venue like the Ghost Bar, it simply can't be missed.  Just gotta leave the dollar bills I mean black chips at home.
3	the view is amazing.  and the lounge itself is actually very nice.BUT...$25 cover for guys on the guestlist [$40 if you're not]...free for ladies though.ANDNO DANCING.it sucked so much that this venue had a really good DJ spinning good dance music, while completely omitting the worst songs on the radio. [no LMFAO or BEP]]  how could you play that type of music and forbid dancing?would i come again?after getting a sex change so i don't have to pay cover...maaaaybeeee...
5	Let me just start off with saying..all the reviewers complaining about prices for drinks or bottle service at clubs in Las Vegas...stop bitching..it's Vegas..its a given that you're going to spend money..if you're not trying to do that...stay home..I'm sure your local watering hole will be kinder to you...On to the next one...Ghost Bar was an EXPERIENCE...the view from the outside terrace is unbelievable.  After grabbing a $13 ketel and cranberry...I felt like Phil and the boys from the Hangover..the DJ did a good job keeping the crowd going with a balance of hip-hop and house music, and of course the ladies came looking correct.  Shout out to girls on the West Coast...you ladies are way friendlier than the chics in the Northeast!  A good tip..fellas..always wear a collared shirt..unless you're preparing to grease the bouncer's hand..if you don't know what that means..PAY HIM to get in..and just go to STUFF store and get the $60 bracelet to get into all 4 clubs at the palms...
3	Incredible views, but not an impressive group of people there. The women looked slutty in their Vegas outfits, the men pathetically unchic, no game, no sex appeal. What can I say? I'm from NYC, where you see seriously beautiful and classy people.
5	Ghost Bar, why are you always just so fucking cool to me? Like Cindi Lauper, time after time you've always had my back projecting such positive energy. I always feel like I score when I come here with your spectacular Vegas skyline views and outdoor lounge area for nature girls like myself. I love that you're off the strip avoiding the mass array of the tourist plague and that your hospitable ways makes me brag about you to my friends. Can we please just secretly marry already? ;-)
5	Just got back from Vegas, and this place made the whole trip!  We tried to get into Haze at the Aria and they tried to charge us 40 bucks a person (even though we were guests in that hotel).  No thanks.  Then, we headed over to the XS, which had at least an hour and a half wait in line.  Forget that.  Once we got to the Ghost Bar though, it was all gravy.  Sure, it was 30 bucks to get in, but WELL worth it.  Great view, great dj, hot chicks and I dunno what others on this site are talking about, but there was tons of dancing going on.  Definitley plan on going back when I return to Vegas next year.
4	Me and a couple of friends had the pass to visit 3 clubs and this was the 1 we enjoyed the most. Even though the guy that worked the line/elevator was nicer at Rain :)It was crowded but the people seemed cool. We liked the music, but really wasn't much place to dance..hahaOf course outside was the best. Great view.I have no opinion of the price of drinks cuz I spent $60 for 3 drinks at Rain. I am assuming the price would be the same. If we ever go back, will only go to Ghost Bar. Chill place.
3	Promoters are very nice. I was not on guestlist, so I expected to pay a lot for this Vegas lounge. Promoter charged me $20 cover charge and the lady was free, which didnt surprise me, because everything is free for women in Vegas. DJ played house music majority of the time with an occasional mix of old school hip-hop. The view is amazing and I would attend this club again. I recommend short sleeves for the fellas during the summer because it is extremely hot on the roof.
4	I've been here a couple of times and this last time the place was pretty empty and had a more chill vibe but the first time I went the music was bumpin', the people were dancing, the bottles were pouring, and everyone was having a great time. The view is spectacular and the bartenders are real cool. Fun place but if you want to dance I suggest hitting up Rain or Moon for a club experience.
5	I loved Ghost Bar. As soon as my girlfriend and I walked through the door, our jaws dropped at the view ahead of us. The lounge feel when you first walk in opens up onto a veranda 56 stories up. The view of Las Vegas is amazing and quite enjoyable for us as the place was not too crowded. The staff was nice and the music was bumping. No complaints at all about Ghost Bar. I only hope that next time we go, there is a bit more of a crowd to mingle with. Can't wait to head back!
3	This place reminds me of The Standard Hotel in downtown LA: Great view, everything else was not so great.The space is relatively small.  But Ghostbar is a lounge, not a night club though people were dancing within their small groups.I bought two sapphire/tonics (which came in small plastic cups) for $28 ($14 each).  Expensive?  Unfortunately these are Las Vegas prices.My friends and I were on the guest list and the lady that did the register told me $30 each for guys (8/20/11).  I showed her my guest list pass and she took $25 each instead which was the correct price. (Is she trying to make $5 off of me?)Before going to Ghostbar everyone asked me: "Did you see the glass that looks down from the patio?"  The glass was pretty small so I was not too impressed.Go for the view... and that's really it...
4	Came here on the last night of Vegas so everyone was pooped but it was well worth the trip to Palms to see the gorgeous view!!!  Went in early September and it was more than a lil chilly going outside but generally enjoyed myself there despite having 0 energy!Place is on a chiller side to Vegas so was a good ending to a great trip.
3	Being on the top of almost any building is one of those feelings that you can own the world.  Ghost Bar, gives you that feeling, when looking at the strip.  Sure it's not the tallest building around, but when you are off the strip, the view is one that makes you appreciate that which this lounge isn't the biggest or amazing, the view alone is the sheer reason why you would want to come here.  I can't imagine going up there for any other reason than to hang out, I came here as part of a conference, so we had the place to ourselves, and I think for the size of our group (about 60) this place was perfect.  This is a small window that looks down from the top level, not amazing, but if your friends are afraid of heights, this is a small window into their fear. Okay, here's the deal, for the view, it's great.  For the drinks, its Vegas cost; I'm sure that won't matter as you would only come here for vacations, so the costs are to be expected.  Come for the view, it's worth seeing once.
3	we started our night out here at the ghost bar. got more of the lounge vibe which was fine. beautiful view. good drinks. staff was fun. music was alright. again, would like to come back maybe on a saturday night when it's a little more busy to maybe get a full "ghost bar" experience because i have heard nothing but great things about it.
2	Being 50+ floors up is the ONLY plus here.  Vegas looks amazing from up there but if you're really looking to party at The Palms head downstairs to Rain.  Ghost Bar is a lounge not a club, and that's fine but honestly I'd take the rooftop spots in NY over this place.  The crowd was pretty thin, the music was a blend of shitty hip-hop and shitty techno.  Maybe I'm being a bit tough but I had high expectations that we're never met.  When this place opened I'm sure it was the place to be, but open almost a decade things done changed. There's so much to do in Vegas I'd skip Ghost Bar next time around.
4	I REALLY liked ghostbar. I came here on my first night in Vegas on my annual birthday trip. Granted, I'd never been to this bar (much less to the Palms) so, the whole thing was pretty novel. We got in for free and rode the elevator to the top!We stopped at the bar and bought a few drinks- I will have to take out a loan to cover all of the $$ we spent on cocktails- ouch! We then promptly made our way outside.I'll be honest, I thought the the "glass floor" was across the entire patio I was a little disappointed to see that it was just a small square near the edge. I was too scared to step on it, though, so maybe it was better that the rest of the floor was concrete!I liked the fact that there was seating outside and you didn't need to have bottle service. After hours in stilettos, a girl just needs to sit down. We met some pretty fun people while at ghostbar too, which is a plus.I don't think this will be a regular stop for me while I'm in town, but it was fun for a night!
4	This is probably one of the top 5 best places to grab a drink in an awesome atmosphere. The Las Vegas strip view is phenomenal and the venue is very laid back. Some would consider this place a "mini club/ bar," but I consider it as just a bar. There's no dance floor, but people dance anyways. Make sure you check out the "glass floor." If you have a friend who's scared of heights, make them stand in this spot and look down. It's pretty creepy!Drinks are pretty expensive. My friend and I bought 2 glasses of "cactus cooler" (mixed drink), and the total game out to $34 (tip not included). TIP: PRE-DRINK TO SAVE $$ !!
4	I am not sure why this place was so dead when I came here last Sunday night. Maybe that's an off-night for Ghost bar. I loved it. The views of the entire strip are amazing. I love the laid-back, chill atmosphere. The design of the inside of the bar is nice, but why sit inside when you can hang outside facing the spectacular view of the Las Vegas strip. The drink list was trendy and I had some great drinks unlike many places in Vegas that all offer the same old thing. I would definitely come back here, it was worth venturing off the strip.
5	Ghostbar was probably my favorite club/bar we went to while in Vegas. Gorgeous gorgeous views of the city.We got in through a promoter and had most of our drinks bought for us, so I can't tell you anything about the prices. (Cheapest way to do Vegas? Be a girl! Young and hot doesn't hurt either!)Very laid-back vibe. They have this cool glass square that you can stand on and see alllllll the way down. Pretty cool. Except there are fingerprints on the bottom of the glass.... how did those get there?!?
4	Review is for Day club.Lots of Confetti like you won the mother effing championship.Lots of bubbles, More confetti, People were spraying ice cold air from what  looks like an fire extinguisherSexy Sax man dancing on the barSmashing Pinata with more Confetti inside.4 bottles of Goose,  40z of o englishWaitress dressed like neon Fairies.Lots of Beer Bong action. but for a ridiculous price.You would have to drink the 4 bottles of goose by yourself to justify a hundred dollar for a 12oz miller high life beer bong.With that said, we got 2. i somehow feel really ashamed for admitting this.If you have nothing else better to do at 1pm-6pm. then get trashed with lots of different folks with the same goal. This is the place for you.
3	The view from outside area is stunning!!! If you can get in free than its worth going and having a drink... some areas outside where you can sit down..not many clubs have that.... every place in vegas has expensive drinks so that is the norm.. I get lemon drop martinis and every place I went they were $16 so that is just how it is.. they were delicious and big martini glasses... I usually pay $10 in Cali for a smaller glass so its really not that shocking to me... the music on Sunday was house so I wasnt feeling the music... we could go into Playboy Club too and we heard they had Hip Hop so went over there and they closed at 12:30 cuz not enough people in there.. too bad cuz we were bringing a fun group over there to dance... didnt go back to Ghost Bar.. saw what I needed to see not really a dance club... probably wouldnt go here again ... were supposed to get two free drinks but screwed by the promoter... got in free but be careful when being promised stuff from promoters!!
3	This place was pretty decent. There wasn't really any dancing going on which is what I was looking for, but it wasn't horrible. It wasn't what I was looking for, but if I had wanted a place to just hang out and drink then I would go here. It had a great and view and the music was pretty good.
1	I went to ghost bar with my wife recently and will never set foot in the place again! The bar itself does not live up to the hype it gets. The experience was bad from the start with the guy working the entrance before you enter the elevators. He was extremely rude and had absolutely  no manners. Never again, plenty of other places in Vegas to go!!
4	Definitely an excellent spot for lounging and dancing. Also, great views of Vegas and the Palms pool (they have an afternoon club, as well as an evening one). Plus the balcony area has a clear floor (always fun). Bar wise, this place is much more expensive when compared to the other bars in the Palms. $20 for two Coronas. Also this is the ONE spot in the hotel you get to visit free if you are a guest of the Palms.
4	Beautiful view.  Just came for a quick drink and headed to the other bars. Don't pay full price to get into the bars, we bought a dinner/package on line and saved a bunch of money. Don't care for the reserved table deal going on in lots of the upscale bars. In all of the bars in the hotel there were numerous unoccupied reserved tables.  Apparently unless you want table service you can't SIT. WHAT I can't sit down unless I get table service?This has got to go!
3	Nice roof top outdoor area, great views of all of Vegas. Drinks are okay. Indoor decor needs some updating. Friendly staff, door man, security, & bar attenders.
3	It was a nice place to hang out. Dancing not too much, the music wasn't my taste... they were playing 90s the night we came. The bar staff was very friendly and cool to hang out with.We came at night, so we saw the whole Vegas strip lighted it. Plus we got to stand on top of the glass floor and look down. It was scary, but breathtaking. At least I can say I done it =)The outside bar and lounging area was a lot better. We got to sit down, compare to the inside. You can only sit down if you reserve a table. They had security going around asking people to not sit there. The restroom was clean but small. The lady that night, was very friendly too compare to other bars I have been to. When we got there, the staff at the bar was telling us they now open for a day club. I thought was pretty cool, but leaving at 2am. I don't know if I will be getting up for that. Maybe next time I will check it out, and hopefully they play some music I like =)
1	Horrible! Lame. Went on new years day. I was told by a so called Sean that he would hook it up on guestlist. Usually girls don't pay but here they charge both guys and girls $20 each. They have a sign before entering "absolutely no dancing allowed". Then to get to the club u mean bar you have to board a elevator. Which sucks because it takes forever to get in. Only good thing. Great view lol but that's it
4	Dark casino at the first floor at Palms, Saturday afternoon laziness, we walk to the Ghost Bar Day Club concierge and they give us 2 tickets, a bouncer looking like CIA gets us in an elevator and pushes the button for the the 55th floor and gets out. 20 seconds and we get off in a bright and colorful, super loud rap/techno music, almost naked girls dancing on the bar and walking in between you on long legs, guys and girls dressed in crazy outfits and we walk to the outdoor lounge with the awesome view of the whole Strip! Great atmosphere if you are 20 something and sexy girls and everyone enjoying the time and owning the world from the top! Go on the glass floor if you dare and look at the people, they are all dancing and happy to mingle, there are no barriers and no prejudice, and that was at 1 pm in plain daylight, I can only imagine what is going there at night! 2 Coronas were $20 + tip, money is not worth much there!
4	The best view in Vegas, but remember you will pay for it (lol). This without a dought is the best of the upper scale clubs in Vegas. You will enjoy the views inside and out.......
3	I came to Vegas for my birthday weekend a few weeks ago. We decided to goto Ghostbar before going to rain because rain didn't open til about 11pm. The view was soooooo awesome and gorgeous!!! It was awesome. And took a bunch of pictures. We all stood on the glass and looked at the the lights below us. It was kinda scary but was so cool. The music sucked!!!!!!!!! They played old school 90's. There wasn't that many people there at all. And was over after about 2 hours.Then danced our asses off at Rain. We thought it was ridiculous that the guys had to pay for Ghostbar. When Rain was raging and didn't have to pay anything. Ghostbar was an experience though. So at least I did it haha.
5	What can I say I love the Palms and I love ghost bar, been going at night and there is no better view in LV then the one from the Ghost Bar...on my most recent visit we went to GBDC; Ghost Bar Day Club..Vegas is always fun, but whoa....GBDC takes it to a whole other level.Great djs, great crowd, service is good, people are having a blast, security is even having a good time.  If you go hit up my man Jung Kim, i can give you his contact if you need he has been my host at the palms for 3 years now...
5	I love this place,  probably because of the old school 90's dance music they're always playing. Seriously, the inside is absolutely beautiful and the balcony view is stunningly gorgeous. When we take photos outside, people think the background is fake.There's no dance floor, but you can make your own -  either inside or outside. I think Ghostbar is best for socializing and mingling, but when that music gets going, watch out!I've been coming here since it opened and it's still one of my favorite bars!
5	Disclaimer:*I am just writing about the current Day Club theme they have going nowadays (Saturdays from 1pm)*Just went there last saturday and this was pretty crazy! I'm only used to day clubs as being out in pools during the spring and summer times but this is a variation on the nightclub vibe and the Palms is trying to outdo itself by throwing the craziest party it can. This club has an indoor/outdoor part overhanging the strip of vegas while the party rocks on no-holds bars! Anything you can expect to happen (and don't expect) will happen. There's really no dress code (costumes encouraged actually) and the scene is full of crazy, trendy, wild hipsters. You got guys in squirrel costumes dancing on bars, girls on stilts, beer bongs through gogo dancer's legs, bikini dancers, confetti blasts every 5 minutes, blow horns, portable fog blasters, glow sticks, bubbles, and even 40 ouncers being chugged. yes, I said 40 ouncers, like Mickeys and Old English!!! Tried getting one, but my broke ass buddy couldn't come up with $50! What a blowhard! Next time in Vegas, I'll definitely mosey on down there again on a slow saturday day!
3	Ok.  You can go ahead and call me an old guy.  I have to say that I found this place too loud and too crowded. I know, crazy to say that.  It took us 20 min to get a drink. Then I literally could not find a place to drink it.  I've been to some pretty busy places, (c'mon, I'm from Montreal).  I will say, the outdoor patio was great.  Pretty cold the night I was there, and no heaters, but a fantastic view of the strip.The crowd there was very young...early 20's at most which is great if you fit in.All in all, not a spot for me.  I like young girls and all....but this was a bit much.
5	Pros-Lines weren't too big to get in-Guestlist gets girls in for free with 2 vodka drinks and $15 for guys and everyone skip the big lines-VIP tables we spacious and comfy-Staff was friendly-View of the strip was amazing-Outdoor patio is on the 55th floor-Spy On Vegas is always here taking pictures of everyoneCons-Club was pretty small-DJ wasn't too great, for a vegas club I would expect a better dj, I guess we show up on the right nightI like to bring my gf and friends here mainly for the view, and its also a good place togo if your looking for a small club in vegas.
4	This place is pretty awesome! 55 floors up at the Palms Las Vegas rooftop lounge with a great view of my favorite place on earth, Las Vegas.. Entry is expensive, but if you google Vegas Free VIP you can get on a list with Chris Hornak n get in free.. Ladies are usually always free.. Be prepared to spend a pretty penny on drinks if you're a guy, and that is why I didn't go all the way With a 5.. Love it can't wait o go back.
4	Automatically, 2 words come to mind: AMAZING VIEW!Ghost Bar, unlike it's closely related and very much shunned family member, the Playboy Club, is appropriately named because that's what it really is... a bar! And a lounge, I guess.--Pretty decor and definitely fits the name--Cheap/ no cover, no lines! The bouncer at the front of the club is just for looks, really.--Amazing tables because they're so spacious and in the perfect location. --Good music and a good crowd.If you're at Ghost Bar, you really want to be outside on the patio area. The view is absolutely amazing!! It's not really a place to dance though so be warned :)
4	Gorgeous view! The patio is quite nice, with a glass block in the floor that allows you to see straight down 50+ floors.   Good drinks, nice atmosphere, and not too crowded if you get there on the earlier side (9-10ish).
4	I like this place because it is less crowded and it has a lot of room outside. Plus its a lot easier to meet people. My friend and I were outside on a Fri night and it was my turn to start meeting friends. There were 2 women standing next to us and I thought they were Persian so I dropped my limited Farsi on them. They turned out to be Italian and the nicest people in the world. Their English was impeccable and they are engineers for Toyota Europe in Belgium. They both went to a prestigious graduate school of Engineering in Milan which made for interesting conversation. When we asked them about relationships they said that all Italian men are boys and they live at home until their 30s and want a wife who will be like their mom. They also said that stereotypes still exist in Europe. Even though they are highly educated, in their workplace men often tell them, "what do you know, you are a woman". I jokingly asked that if I visited them if they would cook Italian food for me. One of them asked me to get on one knee and she said, "Where is the ring boy?" Effin hilarious! I guess women all around the world meet immature men who are intimidated by educated women. Not me. The more educated the better. I have kept in touch with one of them and she has helped me learn Italian.I have been here many times and have had similar experiences with the people I meet. I met some attorneys from Cleveland here for a bachelorette party and they were also very nice people. They also had similar experiences w/ men being intimidated by highly educated women. Forget that! If they are not educated I have a hard time relating.
3	Echoing virtually everyone else's reviews, the outside space is very good, both due to the space itself and the amazing view.  Found it kind of odd though that dancing was actually prohibited, especially since there was DJ on the inside that was playing typical top 40 club music.
5	I'm giving Ghost Bar 5 stars for a number of things, even though when I was here in January of 2012 it was literally a 'ghost' bar. LOL. That didn't bother my friend and I as we still had a good time. 1. Gorgeous view of the strip 2. Drinks were good & not too pricey3. Being it was dead the night we were there, we were able to sit at a table without purchasing bottle service & without any problems so that was nice.4. While sitting at our table, a very LARGE and very DRUNK man came and sat next to my friend and I. We sort of sat there and laughed it off and continued our conversation, but he then proceeded to yell some strange word in our faces, "SHATTA". We looked at each other like is this man serious, and within 10 seconds, 5 bouncers were right there ready to remove him from the club, and they did. After this whole little scene, one of the bouncers came over to us and apologized and asked us if we needed anything, which made us feel very comfortable. Thumbs up to Ghost Bar Security! Cool place and I will most definitely visit again when I'm back here in May. Weather will be nicer so hoping it'll be more high energy.
3	Ghostbar is a nice lounge. I wouldn't classify it as a club necessarily, but you might be able to get your dance on if it isn't to crowded. The atmosphere is nice enough, and the view on the patio is nice, but not the nicest I've ever seen. The drinks were priced the same as almost any lounge in Vegas. I can't say I would go again but I didn't mind going once.
3	Club cracks but tha staff sucked...I had one guy tell me not to hold my beer over a rail inside tha club even though about 15 other peeps were doing tha same thing...then he got snooty when I told him to relax...another bartender flipped on me for grabbing a lime for my corona saying "don't reach behind tha bar" and called security on me for telling her to chill...then a paisa cleaning up bottles throws away my full beer so I tell a bartender what happent n he tells me "what do u want me to do"...I said your a smart guy what do u think I want u to do and he flips...overall snooty rude staff kinda made me wanna put handz on somebody...but tha clubs djs had tha crowd dancing and tha club is fun...this was my 2nd time my 1st visit was a total blast!
2	First, the good stuff.  It is in a pretty cool casino and offers a great view of Las Vegas from way up there.  The glass floor was also pretty cool to stand on but it gets really dirty throughout the night and harder to see through.  Plus it's smaller than I though it would be and loses its novelty once you've been on it once.Now the bad stuff.  It is a pretty small and cramped in there.  We went on a Saturday night in the summer so that partly explains it.  It was also expensive to get in there...I think $35 per person.  I went with my girlfriend and I paid the same amount for her, too.  I didn't find the drinks to be anything special or all that cheap.  The worst part about Ghost Bar is the staff.  The bouncers there are pushy and have a chip on their shoulder.  They have no people skills which might explain why they chose that line of work.  Case in point, my girlfriend had removed her high heels because her feet were hurting.  Instead of just telling her to put her shoes back on, they rudely yelled at her and stared her down like a playground bully.  Totally unacceptable.  I understand they have to keep order in there because they are so high up and help may take awhile to get there, but we are talking about a 5 ft 2 female who wasn't causing any problems. Anyway, after that incident, I will take my money elsewhere.  Besides, there are plenty of other great rooftop hotel nightclubs, including the Voo Doo Lounge on top of the Rio.  It is much larger and the drinks are better.
3	We got in free with a couple of local friends. Nice view and a nice change of pace, but definitely can skip.
4	Definitely a fan. Views are amazing - bigger than I anticipated. Still not a HUGE club, but a lot of people mentioned it was cramped, but I didn't really think so. Really fun crowd, easy to get drinks (three bars I think) and lots of little areas to sit and lounge.Will head back the next time I'm in Vegas.
4	Ah, the view from the top!  The visit to the Ghost Bar at the Palms was a great welcome to Vegas on our first night out.  The view is absolutely stunning, of course, everyone probably thinks so which is why it's a little crowded up there.  Drinks are average priced by Vegas standards-and while some of the tipsy ladies get the dropsies and let their glasses careen to the concrete floor...there is an effective security team in place with a flashlight, a broom, and a dustpan that very quickly take care of the spills (and more importantly, the broken glass, lest it get trapped in the paws of a dancing lady who has forgone her heels for the evening).  I was a bit disappointed in the glass floor to see down-the glass was really clouded, and I couldn't get a very good view at all.  Also not the most interactive crowd...had a great time with my compatriots though, so it might be best to BYO party.
4	Breathe taking. The views are fabulous. The drinks are over priced and the wait staff is cold. Go with friends have a good time, enjoy the scene, and make the most of your time there.
3	It's times like these that I wish Yelp had .5 star options. I was there in December and went on a Monday night, so it could be much better at other times of the year. Ghostbar is definitely very cool and the views are incredible. I think that the glass tile in the balcony is overrated as you can barely see anything through it. The decor, dj and drinks were all on-point, nothing special though. A nice way when you want a more relaxed night.
3	I went to ghostbar in spring of 2011 to review an event.  Even though the publication that I was working for at that time had set up the review in advance, they made me wait at the door for over an hour. It was not because they were busy.  There was *no one* in line.  They were just being rude.  If that's how they treat members of the media who they know are there to write a review, I can't imagine how they treat the average club-goer.I would give it one star, but the view of the Strip is phenomenal, so I can't say that going there is a totally worthless experience. The view has nothing to do with the club itself and everything to do with the builder of the Palms, so giving it two extra stars is probably being generous.
4	Go just for the view. Drink prices are pretty average for the strip--$15 for top shelf-- but not too expensive. The sunset would probably be pretty spectacular up here. A cool spot for sure.
5	This is a great dance club. As most people have said, the view is stunning. I could easily spend a long time just staring out at the awesome sight. And it the breeze is so nice after spending a day in such a hot climate. The place was packed, inside and out but that was ok; everyone was in a great mood and were super friendly. And why not? We're all tourists trying to enjoy the Vegas experience!What impressed me, and earned this place it's fifth star, was the fact that my friends and I ordered a vodka and redbull and they gave me the rest of the can. We were able to go back and buy just a shot of vodka for an easy refill. I have never seen a bar or club do that before. You guys rock!
4	Last time I was here in Las Vegas, I experienced this place. 55 FLOORS up is the tag line.    It was not as cool as going to Moon of course,  this was just a quick spot to attend and people watch for a few minutes.  It was more entertaining than the Playboy Club.  When I headed there, there was really not much going on that night.  I did not see any celebrity sightings like some people said they saw Lindsay Lohan here one night.  It is not officially a club, it is a bar.  I did not get to check out RAIN though that night at the Palms because it was not OPEN.  It was still hot to check out the views of Las Vegas.  It was still a very nice venue that got my group ready for the rest of the entertainment of the night at the nightclub, MOON.
4	This place has always been pretty awesome, been coming here for years and really just the view is what makes this lounge. The DJ's are always good, they play a wide arrangement of tunes and mixes. The drinks are strong but watch out, 6 drinks total can equal $100 or more easily!!! With that said it is a nice venue, the layout is good with just the one large room opening to the view. You have to go outside and look down the clear glass floor, its horrifying and exhilarating all at the same time (although not recommended if your wasted!). They made some good AMF's that we ordered as well that were notable.
5	The view is amazing!Ghost bar is a nice place to grab a drink and chill.  I did not see many people dancing.  I am OK with that.  I came to enjoy the company of good people, have a drink, and enjoy the view.
5	If you are looking for a less chaotic club/lounge this would be a good choice. We went on a Friday night and it was not too crowded and there was a lot of seating to relax and enjoy the amazing view of the entire Vegas Strip.Music was a good variety of hip-hop and there were lots of areas to dance. The drinks were expensive so pregame is a must. If I were to pick from here or Moon I would say Ghost Bar just for the great view.
4	3.5 starsGhost Bar wasn't everything I hoped it would be.  My expectations were really high because I had heard so many good things about it from people. I heard it was The celebrity hang out for a while, I heard pop culture references and everyone I know who went told me it was an A+.They kind of sell you on the rooftop, many floors up thing, but a lot of clubs/bars in Vegas have that view.  With that said, if you're looking for something a little more chill than a Vegas club (As I was that night), this is a good choice.  It's more loungy with a little bit of dancing (they say the no dancing sign is old lol). There's a glass part outside where you can look down but don't do it if you're afraid of heights!!The crowd here is a little older....maybe late 20s and 30s.  All in all, when I put aside my ridiculously high expectations, I had a good time and I think it's a good place to chill or start the night and wander over to the other Palms clubs afterward.
4	Ghost Bar sits atop one of the towers of the Palms hotel and casino.  The club is situated 56 floors above the strip and boasts some of the most impressive views of the strip once night falls.  Twinkling lights, warm summer breezes, and a non-obstructed view of the star filled sky is what Ghost Bar has to offer.  My husband and I enjoyed a late night dinner at N9NE Steakhouse in the Palms.  We were asked by our waiter if we would be interested in a comp'd entry into Ghost Bar.  We accepted and were whisked past the line and into a private elevator up 56 floors to Ghost Bar.  Once the elevator doors opened we were saturated with the sound DJ inspired club music and the smell of nightclub.  The makeshift dance floor doubled as a lounge with one wall adorned by a bar stocked with all of life's tastiest poisons.  The outside deck was the most impressive part of the experience.  Three feet of glass sits upon the waist-high railing, allowing for a clear view of Las Vegas for nearly 360 degrees.  The nights sky is open, exposing the stars above and allowing the warm summer breeze to fill the deck.  There is a smaller version of a bar on the deck, serving overpriced and watered-down drinks in small over-sized clear Dixie cups.  $13.50 for a very small vodka and club soda.  Expected, but disappointing.  The music radiates onto the deck allowing for many of the patrons to make their best attempt at bumping and grinding.The large balcony has a small "sky-walk", a 4 ft x 8 ft section of glass that looks down from 56 stories onto the Vegas strip.  Impressive, to say the least.  That is, until you watch countless people attempt to jump on the glass floor.  Why?  It must be the alcohol.No cover charge made the trip up to Ghost Bar well worth it.  The great view made the whole experience, so that alone will bring me back!
3	I highly recommend going to  Ghostbar on 4th of July. You will see fireworks popping up everywhere from Downtown to Henderson for 1.5 hours non-stop. It is a spectacular priceless view. Amazing view on the 55th floor at the Palms Hotel. Skipped the line, $0 cover charge and 2 free drinks. Thanks Chris Hornak. This place is more of a lounge than a club. The night i was at ghostbar were mostly people in their 30s and heavily male dominated atmosphere. I can't remember the music/DJ because I was outside enjoying the view and fireworks. + lots of places to sit+ not as crazy as XS + dancefloor+ view+ 55th floor- not on the strip- traffic getting to the Palms- 1.5 miles = 40 minute drive on las vegas blvd
4	The view is absolutely breathtaking from Ghost Bar. If at the Palms for any reason whatsoever, you must make it a point to get up to the top of the hotel and enjoy a nightcap or two.I do agree with a few other posters though, that the atmosphere does get old after a while. It's not the kind of place I would spend all night. The novelty of it does wear off, but not too quickly. It's a great place to start a night of shenanagans, or end a day of exploring.
4	We came on a Monday night. - No line. walked right in. Vcard got us in without even having to give up the ticket.  "comp hotel guest"! nice! - Confused group. On the way up it stopped on floor 53. had to wait a couple min for it to go up a few more floors. lol- lovely view of the strip. great picture opportunity. wimpy chi skydeck, not really. just me. haha- Totally Monday! you can literally count how many people were there. 33 @ 10pm. haha- dance and hip hop. good selection of chill music. sip n converse. perfect place to unwind. - bc it was so empty, you can sit anywhere without having to pay for a table. haha- multiple bars. waitresses actually go up to you and serve you the drink. - i must agree, after an hour or so, the novelty of the scenery does where off, but it's nice to delve yourself in the moment. also, you'll gain more confidence to go on top of the glass floor. lol :)
3	Been to Ghost bar a few times since 2003.Haven't had to wait in line, walking in each time. Polite staff, drinks are exorbitantly expensive though, but rationalize it as being a Vegas nightclub.The view of the Vegas skyline is beautiful, albeit from a smaller than you think it is skydeck. If it's crowded, good luck getting a look at The Strip view.They have a glass portion of the floor on the sky deck that freaks people out when they realize they are standing on a piece of glass that serves as the only protection from falling 50+ floors. It makes  a good conversation starter, especially when people are inebriated.Probably not a spot you will stay all night, but a good place to get in the Vegas mood before you head out to Tao or Pure. Expect a 30+ crowd, with 1990's hip hop. Call this more of a lounge than a true nightclub.
2	Went to Ghost Bar on a Tuesday night.  Ghost Bar hypes itself as an "ultra-lounge".  However, it's been around for more than a few years and in Vegas terms; it's practically ancient and could stand a major refresh.  However, one thing it has and doesn't need to change one iota is its perfect view of the Strip.  Thankfully, we had passes for free admission (skipping the $20 regular cover) since the only reason I brought the gf there was to take in the AMAZING view.  Other than the view, there really isn't much to see or do since it's geared towards tables and bottle service.  There's no cocktail list to speak of so you won't find anything resembling craft cocktails here.  Maybe it's more happening on the weekend, but I don't imagine it's that much better.  Go for the view if you have a free pass, but skip the overpriced, uninspired drinks.  5 star view...2 star everything else.
4	I so love this place. They have great music in a swank club atmosphere and the best view in all of Vegas. I love Jeff the Bartender, He opened the place and even though I only come once or twice a year he always remembers me and lets me skip the cover. You don't have to stand in line if you stay at the hotel.
4	Located in The Palms or more accurately, on the Palms, this rooftop bar is a tad "Hipper Than Thou." But so are most places that tout themselves as an "Ultra Lounge"(Whatever that is). All that aside the views are incredible. The drinks were ok, but you are paying for the view and the right to say you were at the Ghostbar, ok just the views. If you are in the Palms and you can get in, check out the Ghostbar. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
1	Walked up to entrance. No line. Ignored by staff. Eventually Asked by 3 different people of we were hotel guests. They tried to charge us $30 per girl on a Sunday night. We had comp coupons which one should have gotten us all in, but the rude cashier said we each had to have one to get in. Once up the 50+ floors, we enter into a bar mainly filled with cliques of "kids" who looked between the ages of 16-20. Techno music blaring, no variety. Drinks super expensive!! Drunks harassing us, they still served him drinks! One star for cool white, curving designs in floor/ceiling. Waste of money, waste of time. Learn some f-in customer service staff
5	Well I loved my time here. I was honestly disappointed that we had to leave on our party bus to another crappier club. While here this place was jamming and then some!We arrived with a walk-in usher to get us inside (definitely you need to hook up with a service to avoid the lines!). This was massively huge for us and not only saved significant time and hassle but made for a much more pleasant experience.We got to the top of the Palms and the doors opened and we felt the hot humid temps begin to roll over us... it was like 85 at about midnight when we rolled in. They did open the ceiling while we were in there too!!! Fun experience to watch/participate in!PRO TIP: Cameras with detachable/exchangeable lenses are not allowed, but any attached lens camera was kewl to be taken in.The music that had playing was a bunch of Techno and House (I love this) and the top of the palms was just thumping hard hot and heavy. The crowd swayed palpably to the grooves that were being spun out across us all. The ratio wasnt that great (but that is usually what I notice in Vegas clubs). But definitely one of the best clubs I have been to in Vegas. The viewing deck was packed tighter than a *&^*&'s (*^*&%!! so yeah it was fun to get some air and take a pic with the skyline in the background.I would definitely want to hit this place back up on my next trek to vegas. Dont forget the key to enjoying the bars is to pre drink =) save some scrilla and enjoy that ish! just dont plan on getting in trashed!
3	Ghost Bar is a wonderful break from the huge generic nightclubs that dominate Vegas.  The entrance is orderly and you don't have to wait in line long (especially if you have a service hook you up)  Way fewer sloppy drunks and bachelorette parties.  The outdoor section has a great view and you can actually put your drink and purse down.  Inside is a great atmosphere.  The music is fun and you can dance with strangers without a lot of scheevy guidos bumping up against you.The night we went, I ended up coat checking my heels downstairs and wore my flats inside.  Unless you have bottle service, you're not going to get to sit down, unless you are a really hot girl or go with a really hot girl and you get invited to sit with someone.
3	Great views. Drinks were strong, but not that tasty. It was loud, no real dance area though.
1	Beware of Concert TimesWent to the Ghost Bar at the Palms last night for a Peaches show that was advertised to start at 10pm. At 11:45pm I asked one of the employees what time Peaches was going to go on. He said 1:00am or 1:30am. I was with someone who frequents the place and she said they usually start around midnight or 12:30. As a result of this conflicting information I called the Palms to inquire. They were not aware of the schedule and I was told there was no way to connect to the Ghost Bar nor find out.
3	First club we hit in Vegas thanks to FreeVegasclubPasses. The appeal is definitely the view of the Vegas strip. Pretty decor. Crowd was reserved, no one was really dancing. Our crew stayed for 30mn before making our exit. Pricey drinks..although that's expected.
3	Our group of 10 came to Ghost Bar after eating dinner at N9NE.  After dropping a lot of money in the restaurant, we got in free to Ghostbar and did not have to pay for bottle service to get a seat.  It was perfect for our group, all aged between 33 and 40.  The vibe was pretty chill, the drinks were really potent, the view was amazing, the weather was perfect and we got to sit down all night right next to the bar.  After partying in NYC, Houston, Atlanta and Chicago, the DJs in Vegas pretty much suck IMO, but this DJ was passable compared to the other places we visited in Vegas.  Our group's preference is Hip Hop and it seems that Vegas is not a Hip Hop city.  If you are looking for a chill space with a more sophisticated clientele, Ghost Bar is a good bet.
4	Came here Saturday night. Sweet place. Cool style and set up. Drinks weren't CRAZY. Lots of people. Amazing view. AMAZING view. SWEET view. Was pretty drunk so do not remember many details, but it was a great time. Cheers, Sean
3	2.5 starsBest thing about this place is its view!!! Cons are that is off from the strip as it is located in the Palms hotel. If you are not a guest of the hotel expect to pay to get in EVEN IF YOU ARE A GIRL!!!! Girls $20 and Guys $25. Bouncers are very friendly and helpful. Drink are over and cover are over priced. Not too busy. Smaller venue. Thanks but no thanks Ghostbar.
3	Been here a couple of times and the view is so awesome. The club itself is gross- like San Jose downtown gross. I can't believe people buy tables here... I guess if you MUST fit in some hip hop into your Vegas trip this is the place to go, but you also get the same hip hop crowd.  The view in itself is worth 3 stars though.
4	$20 to get in on a Wednesday night, okay, I'm willing to overlook, the drinks were a bit pricey, and the location (at the Palms) is a bit out of the way, but you know what? This place is phenomenal, and definitely a place you have to check out at least once while in Vegas. The view is breathtaking, and there's plenty of room to sit or dance.
1	They should really limit the people coming in to this place.  Wow is it soo crowded.  Took me 15 min just to talk to the bartender.  Then took me 5 min to get the drink.  I'm outta here.
4	For someone like me who doesn't like nightclubs too much, this bar is a better place to have fun. Went there on both Friday and Sunday night, we didn't pay any cover since we stayed at the palms place. We walked through the sky tube, it was a long walk, a bit of more walking at the palms casino, took an elevator up to 55th floor to get to the bar. It was really crowded on Friday night, lots of army boys, they tried so hard to hit on my gf and me, most of them were so drunk, even offered us to sit at their table, so funny. A small nightclub sized place with a large main bar inside, an outdoor patio and 2 outdoor small bars. The views outside were beautiful, just too cold to stay there long, some heaters weren't working. The bartenders were very friendly, they made strong drinks too. Music was good for dancing, there was nowhere to sit inside on Friday night, only for table reservations, but plenty of places to sit down on Sunday night. We only stayed for an hour on both nights, and left to our suite for after parties fun. I would come here to have a few drinks, hang out with friends if we ever stayed at the palms place again. This is a great place for relaxing low key nights. Ps. It opens 7 days a week, nightclub door opens at 8 p.m., it also doubles as a dayclub, door opens at 1 p.m. They have DJ spinning all the time.
3	It's Vegas and it's over the top.  There is no better view.  The club is not impressive.
4	Classy ass bar/lounge with one of the two best views of the strip...the other being from the twin playboy club...
4	Ghostbar was my favorite club that we visited on our most recent trip to Las Vegas.  The reasons why are simple:- Good music and sound system- Well made drinks- Outdoor area with amazing view of the city- Super friendly staffWe liked it so much that we went back again two nights later.  I really could not find anything bad about Ghostbar, besides it being completely dead the second time that we went.  Moon was open that night, so I am assuming the crowd mostly moved over there for the bigger dance floor.  However, I prefer the vibe and ambiance at Ghostbar over Moon.
2	This review is not for the bar itself, but for the events that take place here. Myself and a few buddies got tickets for the New Years Eve firework show for the Ghostbar. The view is supposed to be absolutely stunning. Well, after buying the tickets online, picking them up at the box office and then standing in line for 1.5 hrs, we couldn't get in!!! outrageous. So many people who bought the ticket coudn't get in and therefore had to leave. We ended up going to a club and that $45 per ticket we are not getting back. They should know not to oversell the tickets.
1	Well.. For starters, my experience here was bad enough it got me to create a Yelp account to share it with any unsuspecting potential ticket buyers.My fiance and I wanted to go somewhere fun for New Year's, so we bought two $220 "VIP Access Hosted Bar at Ghostbar" tickets because we wanted a good view of the fireworks for my birthday, which happens to be NYE. The "VIP Access" was supposed to guarantee us access to Ghostbar, per  the ticket agreement and receipt. The Palms was also selling "All Access" tickets which gave people access to all three clubs in the Palms. We arrived to pick up our tickets at 9:30pm, and got our "Hosted Bar" wrist bands at 10:30pm (a long line, but makes sense for NYE in Vegas...I think). Then we moved on to the Ghostbar line. Yes, another line. Again, Vegas on NYE -- probably makes sense there are a few lines. Then, wam! We were hit with the news... They apparently overbooked Ghostbar. Birthday fun over. I suspect they over-sold "All Access" tickets and, of course, anyone with "All Access" ticket headed straight for the bar/club with the view, rather than the ground level club. We paid quadruple the price to be in the club with the view because we were not in the mood for an interior crowded pit.They tried to make up for it by granting us access to Rain on the ground floor. If you haven't been to Rain, it is your average big walled in black box club with booming music, crowds, and zero view. We were not impressed, and feel totally ripped off. Maybe if they refunded our ticket cost, put us in the black box club, and treated us like royalty the rest of the night, we could have possibly had a good time. They didn't. I hear the fireworks were great. Think twice before you give these guys your money and expect something in return. You'd be better off gambling.
3	I haven't been here for years...not since the economy took a tumble.We came here on a Saturday night, prime time around midnight or so, and it was pretty quiet.  There wasn't much going on, a few people with tables, but no one really dancing, only a handful of guests and our party.  Since our friends were staying here and had room keys, we got in gratis.  Glad we didn't have to pay to get in...would have felt like a waste of money on a night like this!If you have never been here before, they have an excellent view here, out on the balcony.  But it is so damn cold, no one actually hangs out there until it gets warmer.  This place is a 4 star spot when it is poppin!  But no one comes here when it is cold.I wouldn't really waste your time here, until it gets warmer, unless you are looking for a low key drink.  Don't expect Moon or Rain.
3	i think it's a better option than moon. view is awesome, djs are usually good, security guys are nice, plenty of room to dance. last time i went it was dead though. seriously empty. ladies- don't pay entry! please contact a promoter. usually you can get 2 free drinks/wristband and even guys can get in free before 11.
4	Cool bar both indoors and outdoors; not as big as the other clubs at the Palms, but a good place to get the night going and get awesome pictures with the skyline.  Not much place to sit, most if not all is reserved for bottle service.  They played good music to dance to which made the atmosphere more fun.  We did not have to pay cover because we bought a deal off of Travelzoo that covered our dinner, entrance to Ghostbar, Moon, and the Playboy Club, and some drinks.
4	I like this place. I get drunk here sometimes.
3	We went up to Ghostbar for GBDC.  First of all, this should not be your first stop of the day. In fact, you should probably have done breakfast and drank at least 2-3 mimosas or bloody maries, and then stopped down at the casino for a few beers or shots BEFORE stepping foot on the elevator to come up to GBDC.  It is very overwhelming sober.  The minute you step off the elevator, the deafening music fills your ears and your entire beinig.  You are covered in confetti that shoots from blasters every 5 minutes, and you are completely surrounded back to back by party-goers who were much smarter than you and showed up much drunker and more prepared for this scene.  There are hot gogo dancers and costumed characters running around hyping up the party.  It is all very awesome and typical of what you would see in a raging nightclub, except that it's daylight and you can see every detail of every person in every nook and cranny of the place.  It's probably why most people wear shades.  As the day wore on and we drank more and I put my shades on, I started to feel a bit more at home and before I knew it, I was dancing along to the blaring music with Mario blowing his whistle in my ear.  It's fun place, but for me, just a once in a while thing.
4	At one point, the Ghostbar was the hottest strip view venue in town. These days with the development of many amazing strip properties, the prestige of this Maloof owned venue has lost a little pep in its step, but still scores very high on the nostalgia chart.The city of sin wasn't always good to me, but Ghostbar has been a mainstay and a good place to sip a cocktail while enjoying a killer view. It's not the only view in town, but easily one of the best. The crowd has become somewhat older over the years and has played second fiddle to other roof top bars throughout the Strip. That hasn't stopped people from packing this spot on the weekends, though I think the weekdays are their crowded nights.Enjoy the intimate, dark decor of the interior, the pricey Vegas drinks, the usual-no-covers entrance fees, the overly pretentious service, and an undisputed awesome view that leaves an impression for any out of towner. On a good clear night with a strong cocktail or wine in hand, seeing the many bright lights of Las Vegas Blvd, leaves me saying "Viva Las Vegas" almost every time.
4	This place is a little small, more like a suite that got converted into a venue. There was a rumor that it used to be Hue Hefner's suite?We came here for GBDC, which was awesome. We had to wait outside because they were at capacity, but it wasn't too long of a wait.There were Go Go Dancers and beer bongs. And a man in a suit with reflective glass all over it, which I've only seen in San Francisco otherwise. The crowd was mixed as it usually is, with some ghetto thugs and classy dolled up chicks. Everyone we talked with was very nice. The view was amazing from the balcony. The drinks were pretty pricey, but that's Vegas. They threw out some pretty good quality glow sticks in the crowd. Everyone in our party managed to snag one. I'd be down for another Saturday day party here again, especially because it's the only non-pool party going on in Vegas on Saturdays. Plus, Snooki and Pauly-D have endorsed it, yeauuuhh buddy!
3	The view gets 5 stars. The atmosphere gets 2 stars. The experience is somewhere in the middle. Maybe I'm biased because I am 22 years old and everyone else was a good ten to twenty years older than me, but my girlfriend and I felt extremely out of place. This place felt more like a cool place to hang out with your co-workers after you played a round of golf and now are about to meet up with a potential mistress while your wife struggles to get your two kids to go to bed. At least from a male's perspective.It's probably my fault for misinterpreting this place, but the "dance floor" was virtually non-existent as people were trying way too hard to "put out the vibes." Unfortunately, their douchiness reeked all over the bar. Thus, no one was actually dancing. Plus I realized that I only enjoy music to which I can sing along, so the techno stuff wasn't really my style. But hey, different strokes for different folks right? Luckily, we got in for free and my girlfriend got two free drinks, so that was pretty cool. NOTE: This was on a Sunday night, so maybe not the best time to go, but still, it was decent. The view was incredible, but unless you're into middle aged business men wearing blazers and trying to look cool, go and look at the strip and then get your ass back to the strip to enjoy some other entertainment.
1	Dont waste the $15 on the taxi to get there. My friends and I were very excited to go to ghostbar. Here on spring break, none of us are younger than 22 years old. We all have valid, non-expired IDs. For some reason, the bouncers at ghostbar were convinced my ID was fake. I understand they need to be responsible in only allowing those that are legal inside, however they refused to look at my TWO forms of back up ID & were condescending in turning me away- both with smug looks on their faces. Because i knew my id is real & continued to ask why I was not allowed in, their reasoning was that the "book says CT licenses don't look like this," however, they would not even take the book out & prove it to me. They just "knew from memory." Despite the fact I now had no desire to go, naturally I was pressed on getting them to realize my license was real & valid. Therefore I asked  if I found a police officer to support my claim, would I be let in?- They said even if I found a cop to say this wan in fact real, they would still refuse me regardless. There was absolutely no line to get in so it's not as if they were too busy to deal with the issue- it was literally empty. Not to mention everyone we saw go in before us was no younger than the age of 60. You would think they would want some young blood there! I have never had an issue with my ID before, so I am still very much confused as to why they were so convinced it was fake. The service was appalling & I wouldn't recommend anyone to give them business, especially if you aren't from the West coast or surrounding areas - seems as though they will think it is fake. Too far off the strip to hang out with people my grandparents age- No thanks!
3	This place is SMALL! I had been here before a few years ago and this place has definitely fallen off from its former glory. We came on a Friday night as our starting spot and there was NO line, I repeat, NO line. Last time I had been here the line was probably an hour long. We get in and it's dead as we expected. The only thing saving this place is the AMAZING view. The patio area is worth coming here by itself. If you're more of a lounge person I'd come to Ghostbar. If you want the same view as Ghostbar but in a club setting I'd definitely go to Moon instead.
5	amazing view!!!
4	This is why I liked Ghostbar, and why I would go back:Bouncers, bartenders, and overall staff was friendlyThe place was cleanTolerable club musicBeautiful viewIt was not over crowded It did not smell badThe music was not so loud that my ears wanted to explodeNo cover for hotel guestsAir conditioning This is what I deducted a star:We had purchased a Travel Zoo coupon which included dinner to Simon, and VIP to either Ghostbar or the other club at the Palms. The person at the front of Ghostbar told us that if we chose to use our VIP bracelets, then we would get two free drinks. When we went up to the bar, the bartender told us that we did not get free drinks. It did not ruin my night, but if we knew we weren't going to get any perks from the VIP bracelets, we would have used them at another place. This place is having an identity crisis. Are you a lounge or a club?
5	love ghostbar!-great view-good drinks-good vibesi absolutely loved everything about ghostbar. no complains at all.
2	We got access here as part of a travel zoo deal with the Simon restaurant at the Palms. It's a very nice bar with an excellent view of the city, however, almost every table inside was already reserved by 9pm. There is a sign that states that formal nightclub attire is required, but they still let in a bunch of tourists wearing shorts, jeans, gym shoes, and t shirts which kind of stunk because we worked hard to look nice and they just let these folks right in. The bartenders weren't that nice and seemd stuck up an elitist. Either way though, it's worth it to go and check out the view from the walk out balcony.
2	Disappointed....not in the establishment as much as the crowd. Classless and disgusting.  Went on a Sunday night.  No cover with room key.  Sure the view was great and music was pretty good and small glass floor was kind of cool.  But there was a transvestite prostitute trying to pick up every guy in the bar, a girl with her skirt pulled up almost having sex with a guy on the railing, and older creepy man who we caught trying to slip something into our drinks.  The bouncers did handle that situation accordingly, by escorting him out, getting reports from us and not kicking our men out for wanting to attack the man.  I'm sure this place was nice in it's day but now there are so many other nightclubs on the strip with awesome views, nicer atmosphere, and better clientele.  Don't waste your money...and if you do, be careful.
2	if we werent on the list, i wouldnt have gone. being on the list got us front of the line privelages, the girls got wristbands for two free drinks (more on that in a minute) and there was no cover for the girls either, with discount cover for the men.that being said, i wouldnt wait in line for this bar. its small, crowded, and the drinks are insanely overpriced. the view of the strip is amazing, ill give them that, but thats the only positive that we found. the "two free drinks" consisted of 3 choices "would you like bacardi blueberry, bacardi wildberry, or bacardi pineapple". oh, so i get to have bacardi? sweet. thanks, i guess. beers were over 9 dollars, which is a little insane. overall i wasnt impresed. we went to say "hey, we went to ghostbar!" but we wouldnt go again.
1	Hrmm. So upon arriving ropes were move to let us through the security seemed friendly. We were told that before 11pm both men and women were free. We arrived at 1050 we used the name of our promoter then hot sent over to the Heraea front desk by the girl working and were told to check in using our promoters name there. When we arrived to the desk a few feet over at Heraea no one was there. Confused we headed over to two hotel employees and were told they shouldn't have sent us there. They walked us back over to the front desk at Ghost Bar where we were then told that now we had to pay a $20 cover since it was 11pm. Hmm. We arrived before 11 they sent us away now it's 11 and we have to pay? Then the excuse was its my 9th day here from the front desk girl. We didn't care about paying the cover but if we were there before 11 don't cheat us.
4	Amazing views, good music and if you're staying in the palms it's obviously convenient. It's $14 for a drink but so is everywhere worth going in Vegas.
4	My fav lounge in Las Vegas! My group of friends wanted a chill place and it was around 1am. The guy said we can go to the promotor Booth and we got in for free. There was no line and the staff were nice! Drinks ranged around 9$-12$ and were decent. I loved that the place was not super crowded, had pretty good music (hip hop, top 40) and it was not super loud. You could actually talk to someone. I loved that there is an inside and outside. The view was so pretty! I would come back!
4	Great Spot. Awesome views from the inside and the outside.
3	On Saturday we went to Moon and from their roof top Ghost Bar looked popping (We had bottle service so we were waiting to take a few shot before heading over) Went we headed over little before 2 they said they were closing (I thought they were suppose to stay open til 4)So we went on Sunday. Ghost Town!! Barely anybody was there. And nobody was dancing. :(We had a few drinks hoping it would pick up with no luck. Since we were staying at Palms Place we didnt have to pay a cover, which was the only up. Beside the amazing few. :p
4	This place was simply interesting. It is half indoors and half outdoors. It is a bar but people dance as if they are at a club. The outside part is on top of the Palm's hotel - and you get a very flashy view of the strip. there is a section on the balcony that has a acrylic flooring - and you get to see 50 some odd floors down the building. but becaureful because when things get a little crazy, drinks get spilled and the floor gets slippery and you might slip and fall.Yes, we witnessed someone fall...ungracefully.drinks are pricy but it's vegas.it is a cool place to hang out...
3	To me this place is very classy I just think the setup is awkward. Hardly any room to dance. Music comes in a wide variety. They also have a great view and a much bigger patio (compared to Moon) area with lots of great outdoor seating.There is hardly ever anyone dancing here, good thing is it doesn't get too crowded.
5	They are currently remodeling the Ghostbar and have installed in it's place "The View". Free entry, free access to board games like checkers, connect four, suffleboard and pool, and half priced drinks (~$8 each) until 11pm. We had a blast! No wait for the games which meant unlimited entertainment, beautiful decor, awesome view, and comfy seats! After 11 pm you can go upstairs to Moon for some dancing. Great time out....we will be coming back :)  I just wish they would keep the games in place when they re-open Ghostbar - this little gem might be gone by August :(
4	Hipster chill type bar/club with slightly higher than average drinks.  The thing that makes this place stick out is the balcony.  Its next to the palms, so its outside the main strip.  It has an awesome balcony with a SMALL glass floor in part of it.  Lets you see the whole strip.  Bring a girl who has never been there and your golden!  ;)
4	My husband and I being in our late 30's took our niece to Vegas for her 21st birthday.  We decided to check out the ghost bar, we had heard about the view and stuff from a few other people.  We went on a Thursday and it wasn't crowded which was great.  Wow, is it beautiful up there and definitely worth the trip away from the strip to check it out.  The outside bartender and I wish I knew his name was very nice.  We also met some really nice people from Germany who were there.  Would definitely recommend checking it out, was also appropriate for us being a little older and them being a younger crowd with their friends.  Nice seating outside as well and not too loud while you enjoy the view.
2	Was not very thrilled about Ghost bar for a couple reasons.First, they make everyone pay $20 to get in, even girls, and you may have to wait in line.Upon entering they have a bar, drinks are ok, but then you have to walk through Ugly people trying to freak dance to get to the end where there is a view.The view gets 4 stars, because it is a view of the entire strip, from a perspective of being off the strip. Great photo op, but then you have to walk through the people dancing again...It seemed claustrophobic to me as well, and although they just remodeled it, It did not seem novel in any way.
4	Best views I have ever had of the strip have come from Ghostbar.Just watch out for the see-through section of the balcony floor as it is a total mind ______. That totally freaked me out and I was completely sober!
3	Cool bartenders. Best view in Vegas. Disappointing dj. Great if you like middle aged women with no underwear.
4	Towering over the city, Ghostbar is one of two tower-topping nightclubs at The Palms.  Half inside, half outside, this place is pretty cool.It was our first night in Vegas for a bachelorette extravaganza, and we got hooked up with a "free" bottle and table.  It ended up costing just over $100 for tax, gratuities, and and all the extras they tack on, but for 9 of us, it was a steal.It wasn't too crowded, but it was a Thursday night leading into a holiday weekend.  The music was spot-on with lots of hip-hop favorites (as it was our first night, we didn't realize we'd be hearing these songs on repeat for the next 3 days).  We all had a great time.Whether or not you're staying at The Palms (or Palms Place), Ghostbar is worth a venture off The Strip.
3	Went yesterday with some friends for the much-hyped opening of the day club.  Bartenders were fast and friendly, and the drink prices weren't bad for a Vegas club.  The dancers were cool, especially the hottie on stilts.  I would give this club 4 stars if the whole club was like the balcony, but I didn't like the inside.  It felt like a box and completely lacked character.  I enjoyed the outside balcony area and the view is great.  Looks-wise the crowd was average for Vegas standards, but it was a nice mix of locals and tourists.This won't be a weekly spot for me, but I'll go back with the right people.
3	The Ghost Bar is someplace I've wanted to go for sometime but never seemed to find the time.  During a visit recently I finally had a chance thanks to a hook up.The check is quick and not bad at all.  You get a stamp on the inside of your wrist, something different.  A quick elevator ride to the top and you are there.When you step off you are met by a pretty nice person who talked. Bit with you. When you first walk in you notice the openness of the club.  The lighting is pretty awesome.  A nice blue hue.  There are a numbers if couches and seating areas but most of them are reserved so there really isn't anyplace to sit.The views are very cool! You can see the entire skyline. The outdoor deck is great to be on, best pictures ever!Ok for the bad part - drink prices! A vodka soda is $15. A buddy of mine, thanks to being tipsy, bought a round of shots - 8 of them - $160 for the round!Great views but bring A LOT of money.
4	I celebrated my birthday and my friend's together on a Saturday definitely had a blast!! Everyone was great as far as customer service from the front door to the bathroom lady to the other people partying. The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because I requested one song yes ghetto (Young Money - Tapout ) but never heard it and I tipped the DJ like 60$ yikes lol First time buying a bottle and it was worth every penny "the confetti" was just baller!!
5	Ghostbar DAYCLUB review:This opens when pool season is over.  It's a party from 1-6pm.  It's amaze balls.  "Why?" you ask. Let me tell you why.- costumes are encouraged, and you get props from people for pulling one off- they will serve you a 40 of OE in a paper bag- it's a great time to work off your hangover from the night before- the party atmosphere is just like a nightclub, except with less pretention- it's a small contained space, and the patio is a great place to chat with your new friends- the "performers" are super funGo there.
1	Me and my group started the night off with going to the Moon, had a couple drinks, and hit the dance floor. We were told we can go to the ghost bar so we decided to check it out. Shortly after we arrived some ghetto ugly ass hostess...or whatever she was told my sister she was too drunk to be there when she was not stumbling, slurring, or causing any ruckess at the Moon awhile ago. I found it very rude of that hoe to tell my sister she was too intoxicated, which she was not...to enter and stay at the club. So we ended the night with her threatening to have the cops called on my sister and to be taken to jail which was way out of line. DONT WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY. STAY ON THE MAIN STRIP AND STAY AWAY FROM THE PALMS.
5	OMG GBDC is soooo much fun.  I never thought that I would want to go to a club in the day, but after experiencing this, I'm sooo glad that I did.  We went Halloween weekend so it was a club full of costumes.  Day clubs are great because you don't have to be all dolled up.  Its practically like a pool party, minus the pool, hehe.  We luckily had a table next to the DJ booth and dance floor.  They pass out lots of day club attire like handkerchiefs, slap on bracelets, sweatbands, glasses & there is a whole lot of whistle blowing and confetti, and then more confetti.  That explained why they covered up our drinks and ice bowl.  Its a small place so it can get pretty crowded.  The bathroom would move faster if ladies go to the restroom by themselves and avoid the buddy system.  Haha!  Lots of security in almost every part of the room, so thats relieving.  Oh the balcony view is beautiful!  You can even stand on a glass and see the drop below your feet.GBDC, I'm a fan!
5	I have reviewed Ghostbar before, and what I wrote is still on point with my experiences here.  For this review I am focusing on Ghostbar Day Club (GBDC), which is currently happening every Saturday.Besides the obvious differences of going to Ghostbar during the day compared to at night (like being warm and sunny out), GBDC has a much more amped up feeling to it.  I went to Ghostbar the night before, and there was twice as many people at GBDC.  I was surprised to see that it was packed during the day, and that there was even a long line to get in before it even opened!From the moment I walked in the party was on!  There were lots of hosts, go-go dancers, and even someone dressed as a minion.  There was all kinds of swag being given out and confetti flying everywhere.  Everyone was dancing and having a good time.  I had more fun at this day club than any other Vegas night club I had been to.  It was just an awesome environment!GBDC is the one place I will be sure to go to the next time I am in Vegas.  I have always liked Ghostbar a lot, but GBDC was like Ghostbar on steroids!  I can't wait to go back again!
4	Besides its amazing rooftop view of the Las Vegas strip, this place definitely is a great place to hang out, catch up with friends and grab a few drinks! Open 7 nights a week, with the dj playing hip hop to house music all night, this is just a great place to check out!
4	Best view from a club hands down. the view of the strip was amazing. My wife and I loved this place. I would definitely recommend coming to this club at least once.
4	I had such an amazing experience here at the "Mad Hatter Tea Party." The costumes were really interesting and cool. The guests were a great group of people! The decor is awesome. The staff keep the party interesting by sending out different characters, such as Minions! The service was good, ladies got free champagne! My only issue is that the boys don't get many perks. I was there with my BF and he was paying premium prices for drinks and to get in, I just wish the boys could get some deals too!
4	Visited 11/15/13 and 11/16/13. This place is just dope. Million dollar view of LV. It's so dope that even with the loud dancing music, you're so high up in the sky and so mesmerized by the view that it's almost like a calming feeling up there. The inside area is really pretty and modern. Love the white color everywhere. The plexy glass square opening on the outside floor is a perfect touch! It's the craziest thing to look down that glass when you're standing on top of it. I was there Friday night after leaving Lavo nightclub and Saturday night after leaving Tao nightclub. It was the perfect way to end our nights, and will definitely be going back.**The guy who stood at the booth where you check in (across from the Moon place) was so rude and dismissive. Lighten up dude, or find another job that will make you smile more. :)
4	The highlight of my weekend in Vegas was GBDC. Confetti blasting, smoke, crazy dance music, costumes,  funky sunglasses, beer bongs, drinks overflowing in cups, pinatas,whistles blowing, dancing on tables, and tons of beautiful people of course. It started off pretty slow but once alcohol was set in motion the place went cray cray!! I was on a guest list and girls received free two free drink tickets which was NICE. I spent the entire afternoon on the dance floor getting day drunk and enjoying the view of Vegas from the 55th floor. The view was even better with my beer goggles on! :)
2	Went to ghostbar, got hooked up from a promoter named Maine, very nice guy he was very professional about his job.  We got in for free and had an hour of free drinks at Moon but started at Ghostbar first. which was cool. view was cool. Now for the atmosphere.  RANDOM ass people.  Men in their 50's with chics in their late twenties early 30's grinding all over each other like attention whores.  . Not the kind of thing you want to see because they werent attractive.  LOL  It was not busy.  the DJ  was stuck in the 90's. He was playing a ton of 90's music and not good music at that. Some tourist was there looked midwest or east coast he started break dancing and the worst part was he thought he was good. Then it got worse he had some old ass lady dancing with him in these 1970's boho type pants and she was trying to tootsie roll.. Man it was bad. I am al game and I want everyone to have fun which it looked like they were, but if you like a scene or a pretty crown that wasn't it. i am sure the Ghostbar used to be good. I know when I lived in Vegas it was a cool place to go along time ago. They need to market to a different crowd and change format because it could be really cool.
5	This is a great little club with an excellent view of the strip. Drinks are expensive and there is no where to sit so take comfortable shoes. Security keeps this place in check and you don't have to worry about knuckleheads starting problems. We were told that women were free and men 20 cover but when they saw that we had more girls than guys they just let us in with no charge. We did drop a lot at the bar so I guess they knew what they were doing.
1	This was a New Years disappointment by far.  There were more "bouncers" in the club then people dancing and having fun.  The "bouncers didnt protect our $3000 table, that my purse was stolen from and then told me I was stupid to leave my purse there and Id "never see it again".  They were obviously very helpful.  Wouldnt be surprised if they themselves took it.  They closed the doors to the view outside and wouldnt let us through for the midnight fireworks...even though we (again) dropped 3000 dollars on a table.  They kicked out one of our friends and promised he was escorted to a cab (we found out later he walked all the way back to hard rock where we were staying).  The bottle service wasnt impressive, the music was ok....i just wish that the millions of guys standing around actually provided a service.  It was a huge disappointment.  Never go here on New Years!  Youve been warned.
4	Despite the crowd and the congestion- the view is absolutely with it. Get a cocktail, enjoy the view and then leave before the crowd eats you alive
4	Ghost Bar is located in the tower closest to the registration desk of the Palms.  You enter from the casino floor and ride an elevator up to the club.  There is one large room with the dance floor, seating areas for bottle service, and the main bar.  In my opinion, though, the best part of the club is the main outdoor deck.  The views are incredible, there are places to dance and chill, and usually two small bars on adjacent decks.  Tip:  unlike the main bar, there is usually little or no wait at these bars.  It's one of my favorite clubs in Vegas, if I'm staying at the Palms.  I don't think of it as a destination club or bar.
5	Walking in to the Ghostbar - the place and the view took my breath away!! What an exhiliarating experience. It is gorgeous. Good service at the bar. Nice little dance floor in front of the DJ. We didn't pay for a table - and it was just as well - we couldn't stop walking around and checking out the view from every side. Drinks were good, crowd was friendly - everyone seemed to be having a great time. Ghostbar is a must when visiting Las Vegas.
4	This is perhaps our new favorite club.We first went for a promotion but we really enjoyed it. Great staff. Great mix of people and music.Ghost definitely had a more lounge atmosphere. It was a nice change to be able to sit as well as have ample dance floor space.The view of the Strip was stunning but it was too cold to go out much and enjoy it.
4	If your staying at the palms you get free entry which is pretty coolLocated on the ivory tower of the palms casino, the ghost bar has a outside patio that offers a panoramic view of the strip which looks spectacular, There's also a cool see through glass on the floor that shows u how high up u are, quite scary if your afraid of heightsThe dress code is pretty loose, I got in wearing supra skytops, jeans and a diamond supply sweater, same with the gf who had a similar get up (we didn't expect to go clubbin/lounging so she didn't bring her skank outfit). I think that was the line though cause I did see some dudes gettin rejected in the front for wearing sandals and shorts (c'mon man)Drinks are about $13-15, if ur a veteran drunk, don't come here sober without pre party, cost me $100 just to get tipsy. Overall, the Venue is worth checking out for the views, its not that big, but it is well decorated, has friendly service, drinks are the same as any other lounge or clubs u go to, music is ok, I'd say this is a great stop-by place if ur In town for a night out with your boys, but definitely not a finale
4	Having been to Vegas a few times now, I've made the rounds in terms of going out. The whole club scene isn't really my scene, so if you're like me, you will definitely like Ghostbar. Instead of playing fist pumpy techno stuff, they play old school rap and hip hop - great music to dance and sing to. Instead of breathing down the person's throat next to you, it's never been obnoxiously crowded when I've been Be sure to go outside and check out the awesome view and of course the glass floor! Even if I'm not staying at the Palms, I always hit up Ghostbar every trip!
4	We went here to the day club. It was fun and the view from the 55th floor was nice..alot of "different" types of people were there. But we got in free on VIP, FREE DRINKS (well mixed, might I add), GOOD MUSIC.. What more could you ask for? Overall, I would go back again.
3	Went her since we were staying at the Palms & it was free. The view of the Strip is gorgeous, the decor is nice, music was good but the drinks were over-priced! $16 for a redbull vodka that tasted more like red bull on the rocks!!
4	Amazing view, and the signature drinks and cocktails are delicious. The bartenders are sexy; this is a good spot to pre game. The cover for dudes is around 25 dollars, girls are free, but what do you expect. Also if,you roll solo, there are plenty of call girls.
2	Really small. $25 cover unless you're a hotel guest. I would've felt robbed if I payed the cover. Snooty bartender. I asked if they had any ales or IPAs and the bartender gave me a snooty attitude response saying "you really think we'd serve ales in a stylish place like this??". Definitely did not need that attitude since they were people all over the club with Bud Light bottles everywhere. Yeah, you're too classy for ales but yet serve the lowest common denominator beer that you can get by the dozen for $5 at a gas station. Oh yeah, my friend was trying to meet girls there, but apparently all of the girls in the club are hookers, so good luck meeting a genuine person there. Would not recommend unless you're a sleezebag that loves crap beer and STDs, then by all means go for it.
5	Ghostbar is definitely worth going to , especially is you're staying at The Palms since there is no cover if you're a guest of the hotel. However, this is one of the few places we went that was worth paying a cover if you have to. There were always people there every time we went, but we had no problem getting drinks from the bar or table service. The staff was friendly and professional. The drinks were moderately priced for Las Vegas standards. The best part though was the outside rooftop bar with one of the best views in Las Vegas and a great ambiance!! This is a place you can go to dance or just to enjoy drinks with friends.
4	Drinking the night away. Yep....That's Kinda what I'm know for.The night never seems to go sour when you show up to a placedue to the popularity of the nature, and it happens to be a staple I guess every lush and inner club kid has to go to. I'm not a big party person, my days of that are over but you have to admire what Vegas, and especially the Ghostbar has done.It has tried to make a social, elaborate, place where you can drinkand get suckered into dancing, but if you don't like dancing....Well there is also the outside terrace where you can gaze among the top of the ivory tower above the wicked city below you as you inhale the not-so-fresh air of the smokers and smog of the city. ;)I can assume every seat inside is reserved with it's lovely haunted white and black decor and leather seats. In which I saw the 5 adult british males who bought rounds of drinks for everyone, but strangely resembled the pop-group "One direction" Overall, Ghost Bar is a nice place to dance (outside) with a awesome view and a decent happy hour, that is if you come before 10pm. 11:30pm Is when it pretty popping, and the people who want to be there, shall stay there, that is until you get a taxi cab ride home. Plus - Are the nice decor, drinks, and beautiful people.Minus - I guess I understand to come in the cover price of $20 unless              you stay at the hotel. I see what you did there. I see.
3	5 stars for the view-1 star for the crowd (older crowd, probably 30s and over) -1 star for the music - right when a song was getting really good, the dj switched. I HATE WHEN THAT HAPPENS!! = 3 stars - nice place to start the night, especially for the view. But definitely not a place that I would spend my whole night.
4	The Ghostbar has a great view, but I wouldn't plan to stay there for the entire night.  As their sign clearly states, it's a lounge but not a club. It's the perfect spot to start the night with a drink, but I would head somewhere else before the night really kicks off.
4	I had gone on Wednesday 5/14/14 and it was a fun time. I had chosen to go on a Wednesday because it is ladies night ( free admission, free champagne until 12, and half off mixed drinks all night). It definitely has more of a lounge feel to it than anything else but there is a DJ and a decent sized space in front of the booth for dancing. It wasn't super packed but had a good amount of people in there, enough for it not to feel dead. Most people were outside and some were dancing/hanging by the bar. It was definitely a good view and fun to stand on the glass and look down and see nothing underneath you! Definitely worth checking out if you've never been before or looking for more of a low-key yet still very fun night in vegas.
2	The 5'2 host made sure we understood that it is a cover charge. Hmmm...here's a news flash, we know buddy. Furthermore, every black person you encounter doesn't have a problem with money. Step off & STFU! The rudeness of the staff totally kills the vibe.
3	The view is amazing!  DJ was standard and mixed it up with classic and current music.  Not one of my absolute favorites but I would go back.
5	Last week I had to go back.  And again, and again, and again, and again, and....  I need to post a huge thanks to Ahron Bragg.  I have worked with many VIP Hosts, Managers, Senior Staff, etc. while visiting Las Vegas and Ahron sets himself far above the rest.  I had clients (group of 8) coming out to Las Vegas and Ahron got us a great table for dinner at N9NE Steakhouse and we ended the night at Ghostbar.  The staff there (Danica & Danny) are always the BEST in the world but Ahron really made the night, showing my clients an amazing evening!Ghostbar will always be a second home for me when I come to Las Vegas.  Don't worry Ahron, I will be there to pick up my mail soon.  Keep it bundled on your desk, I promise I will be back before the pile gets too big.Thanks again for everything.  "AB" is the MAN!
4	We came here on a Saturday night at about 1 in the morning. The bouncer was really nice as we walked in (shocking). We considered getting a table since it was only $350 for the night, but we decided just go go in for drinks. Drinks here were very expensive (like they are anywhere else in Vegas). We ordered 4 fireball shots for $52. We would have been better off just getting a table with a bottle. We stayed outside on the patio for the majority of the night, and ended up getting a table with thie man we had met. The girl who had set our table up for us was very nice and accomodating. I'll definitely be back here for my next Vegas trip!
5	I had a great time here. We were part of a wedding party here so we got bottle service. Everyone from the front host, drink server & security was awesome. Being an older group, everyone loved the mash ups running from 80's music to modern top 40. It was a perfect blend and the girls couldn't stop dancing all night. We even tipped the DJ for the excellent music selection.This isn't the hot spot it was 10 years ago. It wasn't ridiculously crowded, but the older crowd seem to love that. The DJ understands the crowd and played well to them. If you want to dance, have a great time and be away from the insanity of all the other top clubs this is the place to be. Plus, this is the best view in Vegas.
4	Went here for July 4th for Husband s Birthday. Had a blast.. Even though few reviews said that no dancing was allowed but everybody was dancing while we were there. Bouncers were nice, servers and bartenders were doing there job. DJ guy (black dude) looked bit frustrated and pissed. I get it that people might be requesting lot of songs but common don't be a pissy.... No body wants to see your pissy face while trying to have a good time. Other than that everything was okay. Will go again.
5	Hands down the best service I have ever received in Vegas. If you're looking for a chill atmosphere with local DJ's, modern vibes, inexpensive drinks, and a one-of-a-kind view, make this your next stop. Not only did my girlfriend and I meet some great people, but the staff was courteous and entertaining.I will be back.
4	I love this place been here a couple times and I had a blast both times. I love the fact that if your a local there is no charge. The view is incredible you really can't get a better view! I went on a Monday night it was kind of dead but really picked up around 1am. Great Dj.... He played a great mix of music. The drink prices weren't too bad. Bartenders were great too! The admission was 20 bucks if you do not have a local drivers license or ID. I would highly suggest this place whether your a local that wants to dance and especially if you're  just here on vacation,I think it is a must!
2	So loud! This place is not the chill lounge it used to be. You can't even have a conversation outside. The crowd is older, the one "clear" tile to see down is so scuffed you can't see anything, and the drinks are watered down. I only stayed here for less than 30 min and that was with VIP (useless -- nothing special). If you carry your pills in a pillbox, they will MAKE YOU dump it all! Aggressive about it too. Super ridiculous. I'm so sad that this place isn't what I remember. I only rated two stars for the memories. But the nostalgia is gone!!
2	Don't believe that hype - its a sequel... Went there on a Saturday night got confused with Moon - went there last year with friends and loved it but is closed now :(. Great view beautiful high end decor..... However no dance floor the man walk way has DJ setup and is the dance floor with DJ setup off to the side so everyone dancing is in the way of servers trying to get drinks out to the balcony and bottle service areas and even employees that need to bring supplies to the bar have to go through the dance floor causing spilled drinks etc (Moon had a large traditional dedicated dance floor which was great) . DJ was erratic gong from hip hop the EDM to old school to God knows what. Whatever type of music you like there's a song you like you go to the dance floor (walkway where people are dancing) then next track will be something totally different and kill the vibe (Moon had more consistent DJs). Balcony is tiny (compared to Moon which has an awesome balcony). Drinks were pricey $16 for bottom shelf well drinks. Very little seating other than bottle service areas. Like alot of the clubs in the last several years this club only makes sense to me if you a planning to go VIP and get bottle service and socialize. I you have to dance I would go to a place with dance floor and hip hop or EDM DJ etc depending on your tastes and preferences. We should have went to 1 Oak from what I hear. I miss Moon please bring Moon back that was 5 Stars for me.
3	Staff wasn't the friendliest, but they were nice enough. (Although there was once bouncer that saw us standing for a while and offered us a couch. How sweet!) Super trendy place, absolutely loved the atmosphere and decor. The prices are EEK! $45 for 3 drinks. Ouch! The view is awesome, something you won't get anywhere else. The outdoor space is too cool. The layout is awkward though. I kept trying to figure out why the only space that seemed to be a dance floor was placed smack-dab in the middle of the bar, which is a walkway, really. It made sense once I looked at a picture on Yelp and saw it was traditionally NOT a dance club, and rather a lounge. Definitely a cool spot, as long as I'm on a guest list/someone else is paying I would go back.
3	1am on a Saturday night with about 20 people in front of us in the general admission line, it took us an hour to get upstairs!  Not sure what the criteria was to get in the VIP lane that was moving about 100x faster than our stationary line, but after 45 minutes of standing in a hot crowded hallway, I was ready to pledge my first born child...Fortunately, that was the only negative part of the night (aside from price of the drinks and size if the crowd, which are both expected). The music was very diverse and the DJ really played to the crowd present. The view was amazing! Overall the VIP line was irritating while we had to wait, but it was a nice spot once we got inside.  I would definitely go back for tables or VIP access, but as a couple just trying to have some fun, not my first (or second or third) choice.
1	Always wanted to check this club/bar out. Worst experience ever!!! From the minute we walked up to the entrance...horrible service!!! One, there was no line and it was 2:30 in the morning...they still wanted to charge us full price. Two, we asked four people what time they close and no one would give us an answer. Three, the guy who checks our id's treated us like we were scum of the earth. Finally got into the club and it smelt like throw up. Looked like a very low end club. My boyfriend and I turned around and walked out! We didn't stay for more than five minutes. We had just left Hakkasan right before Ghost Bar and we were treated like royalty there. I wanted to hang out and gamble right after Ghost Bar but instead we walked right back to our car and left the hotel. I will never go back!!! I have never felt so disrespected by a bouncer in my life!!
2	Was it just me or is this place excessively loud? All bars and lounges should have music bumpin, but this place was louder than the normal. The atmosphere was nice and trendy, but as far as having a conversation, better luck outside.Prices were a bit expensive, got a cocktail for 15$, but it was strong and tasted good.The crowd was mixed and I was able to meet some new interesting people.
1	This place sucks hard on weekdays. Avoid! The girl at the desk was extremely rude, the bouncers were pushy, and the DJ was weak. Save your money.
4	Ok serviceAwesome viewDrinks are the same price as other clubs.  Ok music. Overall it's a sweet place to go to view the whole city of Las Vegas =)
4	Beautiful view. Wednesday night are 50% off all cocktails. Too bad the bartender couldn't make a Long Island Iced Tea to save his life. Asked for more mix since the drink was way too strong. And didn't even look like the finished product should
2	The view was amazing and the DJ was pretty good, but Ghostbar is past it's prime and is in need of a little TLC. We got in for free thanks to a promoter--I would not pay to get in after my experience. There were some odd signs and notices posted prior to entering the club which were mildly concerning.  The bouncers frisked our male friend before letting us up as well which made me think this place attracts a rough crowd.Our free entrance came with a "complimentary drink". They wouldn't give us the free drink at the main bar and told us to go to the bar outside for our drink. When we found that bar and ordered the bartender was pretty rude in letting us know we didn't have a choice for the free drink- we ended up with the rum punch drink they gave us (actually pretty good) The glass floor made famous on the real world Las Vegas is filthy and looks like it has a crack/ water trapped inside. A bouncer is always standing right next to it which made me think they weren't confident in the construction.
5	We had a great time here on a Wednesday night in August. We came because it was ladies night with free champagne, and we were on a guest list. Entering the club was very fast and easy. Their system for entry was very efficient.Once we were inside, the place was busy but not packed, which was nice because there was room for us to dance. We grabbed some champagne and headed out the patio area. The view from there was great! We had a lot of fun drinking and dancing. The DJ that night was great too!One of the bouncers was super nice to us. He came over a few times to take our empty glasses and to see how we were doing. It was nice to feel like someone was looking out for us since we were a group of three girls and no guys. There was also staff keeping everything clean out on the patio. Overall, it gave the vibe of a well kept club.My only complaint about this place is that they had signs downstairs at the entry point that specified the dress code, but it was clearly not enforced. Most people were dressed up, but a couple people definitely didn't fit in.
4	going to anyplace when you have to take a elevator to, u feel like a boss...haven't been here for quite some time and when i walked in i was impressed. the remodel was amazing. its looks like something that would be in the cosmo. look was sophisticated, clean, and modern. tuesday night, so crowd wasn't great but still had a good time. if you are going here, you need to know that its not going to be a hakkasan or a marquee. its gonna be a place with good service, solid music, and one of the best views in vegas. definitely will be going back and feel its a must place to go for ppl out of town just for the view. wanna feel like a boss? enjoy!!
3	Nice view of the city. The plexi glass viewing window thing on the floor of the deck needs work. Good music, stiff drinks, every time i've been there I see beautiful girls so there are good looking people there. You can only come here so many times before it gets old. Next time im in town with someone who has never been to Vegas I would probably bring them here for the view, Foundation Room at Mandalay has a better view of the strip itself but Ghost bar has a better 360 degree view of the city.
4	Not a bad deal.. got in not he guest list.. music and view is great! Door guy was a little rude but whatever he let the ladies in then the dudes so we understand.. its Vegas.. lol.. but overall a good place to end the night!
5	Ghostbar DayClub (#GBDC), Saturday November 1 -- Day of the Killer Costumes.This is a review of Ghostbar DayClub only. I have never been there at night; as others have mentioned, this is no longer a top end nightclub given its many younger, more upscale competitors.  However, this place still can blow the lid off of a Fall/Winter/Spring day party.I arranged a table for a group of 12 (ended up being 9) for Saturday, November 1.  The club was in full costume party mode, and the costumes were bonkers.  8 foot tall Optimus Prime, giant head Michael Jackson, a slew of excellent Johnny Depps, and a hundred other awesome costumes - it really created a fantastic party atmosphere.  Check out SPYonVegas to see photos if you're interested.  We went 0 to 100 the moment we walked in to this scene.The best part of this party was that everyone was there to get weird and have a great time.  There was no pretense.  We experienced no bottle rats.  There is essentially no dress code (even on non-Halloween weekends).  There are no fireworks shows or $100,000 bottles of champagne on the menu.  Drinks cost money but spending money isn't the point of the party.Service was excellent.  Our group showed up at 2, and we were inside at our table within minutes.  Our security pal Stu was super helpful and professional, while at the same time giving us space to go wild within reason.  The servers delivered our initial bottles in a small parade of a banana pushing a Luigi in a shopping cart, with light sticks, confetti etc.  After that, the servers checked in from time to time but didn't pressure us to buy more than we wanted (an issue at some clubs).  The gentleman bussing our area (forgot his name for obvious reasons) was the man; he kept us stocked with glasses, mixers, ice, and added some dance moves and charisma to boot.Bottle prices were on the lower side of Las Vegas standard (started around $350), with some better specials.  We bought the special of 3 bottles of Ciroc for $700, which truly constitutes a deal for bottle service in Las Vegas.  Later on we got two 375ml "shot bottles" (one tequila, one Jager) for $125 each; again, a "good deal" in Las Vegas club world (please do not compare to your local Costco or your head will explode).The DJ was no one of note (I honestly don't even know who it was), but he kept the party going and I never heard anyone complain about the music.  Flo Rida was there.  He didn't do much other than dance with some of the girls, which they liked, and he was a good sport about taking a bunch of photos.  He wasn't advertised as a celebrity host, so anything that he added to anyone's experience was just a bonus.All in, including tax and tip, our bill came out to $1300 for 9 people, which is the least I've ever spent per person for bottle service in Las Vegas, for probably the most fun.  By comparison, I went to Lavo Party Brunch last Spring and spent about triple per person, for a less rowdy party atmosphere (although Lavo is great in its own right).
2	Gorgeous view of the city, but it's overcrowded. The bartenders are rude, the drinks expensive...and there's nowhere to sit and enjoy ONE drink. Good thing I got in free because I was a guest of the hotel, but it is overrated
1	Discriminates against Men. $20 for guys, $10 for ladies
4	I'm going to start by saying we had a blast!! We arrived around 10:30pm, thanks to Chris Hornak I got in free with a free drink ticket and my boyfriend only paid 15. I loved that it wasn't crowded and had a lounge like atmosphere. We went to Tao yesterday and that was a disaster, overly crowed and full of freshly legal drunk kids. The ghost bar has a beautiful outside area that has many heaters so you can enjoy the beautiful view. The crowd was an older mix 25+. Loved the music choices, a mix of throw back hits and new hits. Danced and met new people had a ball here!
4	About 10 years ago when the Palm's was a newer property this was the place to be. Located on the 55th floor, the Ghost Bar balcony offers perhaps the best view of the Las Vegas stip. If you are staying in the hotel or just visiting the Palms, definitely swing by. The place is expensive, they were charging a $25 cover for hotel guests - lame - but the receptionist was gracious to hook us up with a free entry pass and a drink certificate. I am taking a star off, primarily because the drink certificate that was given to us, did not work at the bar - likely an education issue on part of the bar tender. The drinks priced to the market, high end Las Vegas - you are looking at $14+ for a Jack and Coke. The drink however was strong, I mean strong. 3 stars.
5	If you need assistance booking tables or guestlist don't hesitate and contact me at anytime! (702)373-8659 omar.sanchez@palms.com
