5	Don't come downtown thinking you are going to be amused with more of the amusement park that has become the Strip.The cultural and historic hub of Las Vegas is where Fremont and Main Streets interface, creating an experience truly distinct from - and totally unlike - the South Strip.   When you want to get down and dirty with the quarter slots, a weathered cocktail waitress in a tawdry cowgirl outfit under the video'd canopy of Fremont Street, then belly up to the five dollar buffet at three in the morning to wash it all down with a top sirloin, downtown Vegas is the place to be.Essentially established in 1905 as the City's main thoroughfare, Fremont Street was Las Vegas' first paved street.  The area drew a few wealthy entrepreneurs seeking to capitalize on the cross-country migrations of GI's.  Those entrepreneurs became the great casino magnates, and together with key Hollywood celebrities, built an empire around the Northern Club, Horseshoe, Golden Nugget, Golden Gate, Apache and Fremont hotels, the original resorts of Glitter Gulch.Starting in 1941 with the El Rancho, and then with the emergence of the large Strip resorts and the famed "Rat Pack" in the fifties, the downtown area began to fall slowly into disrepair and decline.In 1995, the entire downtown area received a desperately needed facelift in the form of the "Fremont Street Experience" during which five street blocks, between Main and South Las Vegas Boulevard, were fitted with a mammoth LED video canopy, the street was closed to vehicles and converted into a pedestrian promenade, and the landscape completely overhauled in a proud celebration of downtown's neon gaming heritage.Today, Fremont Street is an amazing, if not shocking, juxtaposition of cultures.  This way of life won't be found on the Strip or anywhere else in Las Vegas; millions of blinding lights provide a veneer of polished entertainment, thinly veiling a crude scene tucked away in the darkness just beyond the canopy of lights in the odd dark alley or corner, as the real Fremont Street "experience" unfolds in a vast spectacle starring the lowest ilk of the City.  This is where the City's street denizens - prostitutes, muggers, hobos, drug dealers, addicts, rapists, thieves, other unsavories, and the simply homeless - execute their nightly rituals of survival.  Come downtown to be fascinated, not simply to be amused.
2	Wow, if you came here then you wasted your precious travel time. I lives here and that's my only excuse for ending up here but since the Horseshoe Casino is no longer the quintisential Vegas Casino you have no excuse.
1	In the past I would have advised hardcore gamblers to stay and playdowntown. I believe those days are long gone. Now I wouldn't advisemy worst enemy to venture down here unless he had a sudden urge to get mugged or murdered. The city made an effort to elevate thisarea by installing the roof and the light show,and having a constantpolice presence during business hours. For a while it worked. On mylast two visits it appeared that this area has gone back to its roots.Street people of every persuasion have reclaimed Fremont Street,and are forcing the tourists back to the Strip. I think the city has thrown up its hands and decided that the extra patrols are not costeffective,that the bums and prostitutes are too numerous to deal with.To make a short story even shorter: I'll never stay in,gamble in orvisit this area again.
2	Definitely not worth going out of your way for.  They do have some interesting fried items there (like Oreos).
5	Worth going to in order to get away from the middle-America genetic freak show that the strip has morphed into. This is the old Vegas, the one without Danny Gans and Carrot Top. Where it's all about sleaze and money, and most importantly, where you can still get a free drink and not feel like you're being raped and mugged by corporate America.Fremont street rules!!
4	The cab driver said something vague about a light show, and we didn't know what to expect. We were pleasantly surprised by all the old style casinos, with the old style millions of bulbs. This area is pure heritage, and you won't get to see this kind of glitz anywhere else. I think it's worth a trip just to see old style Vegas, and the famous lit up cowboy.The light show was more of a surprise. The huge roof covering the whole street becomes a stream of dancing flowers, waves and hippy patterns, moving in time with the thumping music. Thoroughly enjoyed it.I have to agree this place does have an edgy feel to it. Two homeless people danced to the music beside Aladdin's lamp. We didn't stay around for long after the show.Checked out a tattoo place on the strip, then went back to the hotel.
4	If you come to downtown Vegas, come to gamble. It has some of the best payouts for slots and table games compared to the Strip. The Fremont Street Experience was amazing and the people tend to be more older but if you want cheap gaming, cheap decent food, then come here. Its where the locals play.
3	Oh my beloved Fremont Street. What have they done to you?I never knew the old Fremont Street. I've only been coming to Vegas since it became an Experience. But I enjoyed the carnival/bazaar atmosphere. It was like a street fair on crystal meth, with local entrepreneurs elbowing for space among the more established booths selling cheap t-shirts and baubles and an opportunity to have your picture taken with a "Chippendale's dancer."Apparently the city has cracked down on the vendors, and now it's just like a crappy neighborhood festival. Gone are the parrots and the albino snake, only to be replaced by the same hand grenade drink glasses you see on Bourbon Street. There are 2 or 3 bandstands, so there's no escaping the oldies covers or ersatz zydeco. The light show has been improved, but it's never been anything more than cheesy to begin with. The occasional homeless person wanders into the bright lights, but I didn't see any pimple faced young teens hoping to score their first lay. Were they all driven out when "The Casino" started shooting at the Golden Nugget?Even the cleaned up Fremont Street Experience used to be a little edgy. Now it's just boring.
3	Sheesh...what can I say about the Fremont Street Experience?  And when I say the Fremont Street Experience, I'm talking about that light and sound thing they call a show.With 'performances' from 7 pm to midnight, on the hour, every day...it's hard to miss if you're hanging out on Fremont Street.Strewn across the high ceiling canopy is an array of Vegas-related images from women, gambling, women, shows, women, and oh yeah, did I say women?  All I can remember is seeing some blond in a various fantasy-type get ups holding a giant lollipop or whatever throughout these various images.  (Uh, where are my half naked men now?)I left the 'show' wondering what the heck was that for?  What was the whole point of it?  It made me wary of pickpocketers taking advantage of the all the rest of the idiots staring up at the ceiling every hour for about 10 minutes. The only way my star review would go up would be if there were "performance-enhancing" elements added into the mix.  Then maybe we all can enjoy this show.  Then again, something like this might seem very impressive if you're coming from hick-town USA or elsewhere.  I wouldn't bother coming just for the 'experience' unless you're hanging around Fremont Street already for all the various casinos and weird people wondering about.Update! 04/27/08 - I'm changing my ratings from a 1 star to a three stars!  Went by there the past Saturday and can I just say, Fremont Street is bumping! When I say the Fremont Street Experience, I mean all of it, the stages with live bands, jazz performers, the street artists, Riders of the Thunderdome (stunt motorcyclists whipping around each other in a cage), the people, the drinks, the food, etc.  I still think the light and sound show sucks, but it's a happening place now!  I was there last month on a Friday night and it was completely dead, what a change!  Worth wandering around on a Saturday while the weather is good!  And of course, it's home to the Neon Museum Walking Tour where vintage neon signs are restored and displayed as public art.
1	If  you're a white trash redneck, enjoy walking around with a bottle of Bud Lite in your hand, and are fascinated by the world's largest cartoon, be sure to visit the Fremont Street experience.For the rest of the world who has a computer and is reading this, steer clear unless you have to be in that part of town, and are looking for an interesting social experiment.
5	Sadly this place has gotten some bad reviews, goes to show how people think differently.  Myself I think the down town experience is awesome and they have done some great work improving the down town area.  The show is only suppose to last a few minutes other wise downtown would go broke.  If you go on a weekend they have some great bands and it can be alot of fun.  Also check out some of the shops.  There is much history to enjoy also.  Take your time and enjoy the experience.
1	two words: totally lame.
3	Should you see it?  Sure, it's a novelty.  Should it be the only reason to go downtown?  No.It seems like Downtown Las Vegas tried too hard to revamp itself and ended up selling out to the craziness of the Strip.  Downtown should have gone back to its roots and played up its storied history rather than creating this.... thing.Go to gamble and get great food deals.  Come with an imagination for what this place was first like years ago.  Come for a picture of Vegas Vic (the neon cowboy from 1951).  And while you're there if you happen to see the pretty lights then so be it.
4	Imagine the biggest LG TV EVAR, now stretch and curl it to form a canopy over the seedy main drag of downtown vegas.  Now my dear friends, that is an experience.  Every hour they show  videos with scantily clad hot chicks and the occasional country music video or someone riding a harley.  When walking around with a 52 ounce screwdriver in a football shaped plastic mug/cup, this is exactly the kind of sensory overload experience I want.  I only regret that I didn't have the mullet to match.  To really get into this thing, I think you have to like nascar, but if you take downtown for what it is you'll have a lot of fun here.  Just remember it's okay on the main drag, but things get a little bit dodgy a block or two away
5	Its totally different from the strip (well not THAT much), dont expect the glamour of the venetian or wynn, but do expect great fun:-Visit the ultra-mini casino called La Bayou (they serve you drink faster then you can drink 'em... you will have them lined up on the side of your slot)-Buy a football beer (like $8 bucks) the 4 Queens have them.-Gamble cheap in any downtown casino, my fav: $1 roulette in the Plaza (some nights)Have fun!
5	The Fremont St. Experience rules.  It flat out RULES.  Ok, ok, bear with me here.I know, I KNOW, it's an AV Club presentation on a grandiose scale.  I know there are sometimes really lame songs and lamer clip art graphics and that, even thought it's the desert, sometimes on winter nights it's bitingly cold and it's annoying to crane your neck at such an angle and experience post-nasal drip.HOWEVER, it is awesome because: 1) Half-yard drinks, you call 'em, $5.  I don't care how ridiculous you look carrying it around, it's a deal and you don't really stand out, I swear.2) Amazing mullet-spotting opportunities.  These are mullets from AROUND THE WORLD and they are spectacular.  Do not miss this.3) Deep fried Twinkies.  And Oreos.  They'll probably deep fry that half eaten slice of pizza you picked up down the street for a nominal fee.  Too bad that there's not a hospital or heart care facility nearby.4) Seriously, that thing IS pretty damned impressive.5) You're in VEGAS.  It's a THREE BLOCK LONG TV.  It's blaring Sinatra or Billy Ray Cyrus or Vivaldi.  If you don't see how this is funny and surreal, your sense of humor is broken.Downtown ain't the strip.  It ain't classy.  There are no ultra lounges.  For these reasons, and so many more, it's the best place in town.  The Experience happens to be the heart of it.   Just enjoy it.  Seriously.
4	C'mon, it wasn't REALLY that bad was it? If you had kids, they will stand in awe and as a mom, that's enough to endure whatever grossness the rest of downtown has to offer.Not only were all the vendors really nice to lil guy, even the Chippendale strip guys gave lil guy some mardi gras necklaces when we walked by. The band was loud but hey, it entertained the lil guy and to me, that is awesome since he was dancing and having a great time.The light show wasn't all that exciting if you've already seen it before and it only manage to keep lil guy's attention for a few minutes (he was more enthralled with the spray painter guys -- see next review), but the entire time we were down there, people with kids, the elderly, singles, etc were all out there. Sure, compared to the real strip, it may be ghetto-ish, but then again, the strip is just a glammed up ghetto anyway with all the Mexicans passing out cards with naked women on them and all the billboards with half naked women posing seductively.Lil guy asked a couple of times why there were all those cards on the ground with women on them... hmmm.... how does one answer an inquisitive 6 yr old mind?
3	Huge screen. Weird crowd. Move your wallet to your front pocket.
5	Vegas is two casino areas - Fremont and the Strip. Fremont is walking-friendly and has cheap food and much better odds. The Strip has high-class everything, and is a place where you are going to pay through the nose for the highbrow experience.I prefer Fremont's bargains to the Strip's highbrow style, and I felt safer walking around Fremont. Plus, all the casinos are older and established, so you're not paying extra for building expenses. Check out the local Fremont Street book to find a coupon, which you can redeem for a coupon book to save quite a bit more money!
4	Wow, the mixed reviews really are mixed. Look, I've been to Vegas countless times and sure, I have been to Freemont and don't care to ever see it again, but, if I am entertaining people who haven't seen it, then its fine. Just don't build it up, If you go solely for the light show, then its a bit of a waste because it comes and goes fast. Go have dinner, shop around, watch the live bands and street performers and just have a night of it. Sure its touristy. Sure its cheesy, but thats what it is there for. I love to people watch and when I last went Thursday night, it was actually a very fun time. Of course I had family and friends from Europe and that included two teens, so we all had a good time.Take it for what it is. Don't expect too much, and if you take someone, don't build it up and allow enough time to enjoy yourself.
5	If you are looking for gambling in Las Vegas, and are not interested in mega-malls, M&M stores, or Carrot Top, Freemont St. is probably what you had in mind when you booked your trip. There is plenty to entertain, but the emphasis is on gambling on Freemont St. It's shadier than the Strip, but the odds are better, and I never have the feeling of being a cow led to slaughter that I have when endlessly wandering the Strip. Unlike the Strip though, Casinos on Freemont close at around midnight. The hotel/casinos stay open all night, but the free standing ones close down, something I was not expecting when I stayed downtown. So, if you want the scene in Vegas, the Strip is for you, but if you want to be away from the herds and concentrate on the tables, Downtown is the way to go.
3	Well, I have to say that this place is really mediocre.  After spending the evening walking around the Strip, coming down to see the light show was kind of strange.  It happened to be some sort of Harley round-up, it was interesting crowd.  I came to watch the light show with low expectations and thought it was ok.  I decide that every one needs to say that they've seen it once to say they've seen it.  I don't understand why they can't have this show every 30 minutes because 1 hour seems a long time to wait to watch a five minute show.
5	This is what many people picture when they think of Vegas if they've never been to Vegas.  It's got the neon cowboy sign, the old school casinos, the glitz (not so much the glamour) and just a good vibe.  No pretention here.The only thing that sucks is that this place is about a $20 cab ride from the Strip.  Pain the butt, but worth it for a look-see.  People are much more laid-back here, and I just can't stress that vibe enough.  Dealers are friendly, table minimums aren't as high, cheap touristy shops have good souvenier bargains -- the list goes on.Stay on the Strip, but spend an evening partying in downtown Vegas.  Leave your fancy self at the Venetian.  Bring your beer-drinking, hootin'/hollerin' self here.  No snobs allowed.
3	You may think otherwise, but I actually have a limit for enjoying things ironically. And this is pretty much it.
3	This place is bizarre. Emphasis on the "Experience" part of Fremont Street. Arrived to see the ceiling playing a movie about CG aliens allegedly attacking Planet Earth. But thank the heavens, Vegas is still standing.Walking down the street, was accosted by a George Bush impersonator who said my boyfriend looked like Kid Rock (eww) and smelled cannibus all over. Wouldn't be surprised if I could also have scored some crack somewhere around here.The yard-long drinks that places purported to sell for cheap seemed to just be gimmicky, non-alcoholic slushies.Spent about 30 minutes here before asking myself what was going wrong with my life, and leaving for the Forum shops at Caesar's-- a little bit of designer fashion to wash off the filth of Downtown Vegas. Ew.Park at Binion's-- the parking validation machine is right by the cashiers. Yay. Free parking.
4	This is the sketchy part of Vegas your mom warned you about, but it's also pretty fabulous. Aside from the overhead canopy lightshow, there is a collection of beautiful, old neon signs from long-gone casinos scattered up and down Fremont Street (obviously, go at night for the full effect).Fremont Street is also great for getting comfortable playing the tables if you're new to them. Many, many moons ago I cut my teeth at Binion's $2 blackjack table - my friend and I were too intimidated to play the crowded tables on the strip, so we took a cab out to Fremont Street, where we got VIP treatment at Binion's (and finally rolled back home to the strip at dawn - a great time was had by all)...
4	This was my first experience with non-strip Las Vegas, and I must say, I enjoyed it!  Far less crowded, cheaper prices, and low limit tables make Downtown Las Vegas a very good time.  We visited Main Street, Fremont Street Casino, and Bixby's (spelling?) and enjoyed ourselves gambling, ordering free drinks, and being "that table" at the casino, meaning the loud drunk guys yelling whenver the dealer busted in blackjack.  My buddies and I were lucky enough to all sit at the same table and decided to all say, "Ayyy!" like Fonzie, whenever the dealer busted.  The more drinks, the louder we got, and the more fun we had.  Great times.  All I need to have fun in Vegas is a $5 minimum blackjack table, comped drinks, and some good friends.  The Fremont Street Experience...where once hot cocktail waitresses go to die... haha
4	Gotta love all the neon.  Reminds me more of Reno.  RIght now they seem to be showing some little short by artist Shag, from the Bay Area.  Not too bad.
4	Pretty cool.  I finally got to see the iconic neon signs on this seedy old school part of downtown.  Don't go in January, cause I got a mild case of hypothermia.  Checked out a casino and was shocked to see "Fifteey cent" roulette!    Saw a sign for deep fried Twinkies, and $10 steak and lobster...Reminded me of the carnivals that came to Richmond in the Montgomery Ward parking lot.  Not very glamorous, but I will be back. 4 stars cause I have a weakness for shit that lights up.
2	Have you ever wondered who still smokes Benson & Hedges? Well here you go. Loved the old school Vegas signs and turning Freemont Street into a promenade. Hated the overhead light show, it completely ruins the sightlines of the old casino signs. Scared sh*tless of most of the people there; we were waiting for people to get pick pocketed or shived.
4	Seriously how can you give this place/experience less than 3 stars?  They created a light show out of 2 million+ light bulbs... actually they took some of those 2 million bulbs and added 12.5 million LED lights.  Either way you LOOK at it, it's pretty neat what they can do.  This is OLD school Vegas in the year 2000...The people here are not your typical Vegas high rollers.  At night you won't see too many hot young sexies running around.  Most are friendly tourists as long as you don't leave the main casino area.  Just enjoy the old Vegas and go with the flow...PS:  Who would vote for this as being "Good for Kids"???  Vegas is NOT for kids.  Not even circus circus.  If they want to make circus circus for kids, they should just drop a nuke on it and make it into a skate park.  That's another story for another day.
1	Yeah, I just don't get this. Don't get me wrong lights are cool, and music is cool too, but the way this "show" is put together just doesn't strike a cord with me. I love downtown Vegas and happen to think that it speaks for itself. I don't think it needs a gimmick like this to draw people in. If you happen to be around when the show is going on... by all means, stop and take a look, but I wouldn't recommend making a special trip.
5	on my walk over to the fitzgerald i experienced the experience. this is where they always shoot the vegas street shots in movies.i saw a guy who looked like booker t. from wwe, the 5 time wcw champ getting into a street fight with some bum. aww poor booker... how low he has fallen. tell me he didn't say that. tell me he didn't say that! 5 time, 5 time wcw champion!
3	Eh. I suppose this is the type of place that some people will love, and some will not care for. For me, it was okay. I'm glad I went there to say I was there, but I don't think I'll go again.What is it? Basically a few casinos, some shops, some places to eat, some strip clubs. It's has an enclosed feeling due to the canopy up above (more on that later.)It's glitzy and bombastic. It's loud, crowded, drunk. Don't bother brining your kids or your parents, bit if you're a 20 something looking to "get stoopid" or whatever, this is the place for you. The big 3 block tv is nice. Something to see. See it for about 5 minutes and, well, there you go. But it does get rocking. Very loud, catchy tunes. They have other things going on, and other vendors selling whatever. The day I went, they had some soul food cooking. I wish I had tried some of the dishes, they looked good. Bottom line for me, it's worth going to just to say you did. At worst, you'll be bored after maybe an hour and head back to wherever you're staying. I wouldn't go to Vegas solely for Fremont Street, but if you're staying on the strip, maybe take a couple hours and go here.
3	This is the crazy light and video show they do on the funky dome over Fremont Street, the famous street that has been the scene of many movie shots. I always thought this was an odd attraction, sort of like offering a gigantic hynoticTV program  to a crowd of ADHD kids. While my non-ADHD kids thought it was interesting and unlike anything they'd ever seen, they didn't care for the surroundings. "Where are the rides?" my oldest asked incredulous that the Fremont Street Experience was the extent of the carnival in her mind.  Oh dear, have I just given Vegas developers ideas?
3	Little Reno, that pretty much sums it up.  Lots of neon and obviously older than the strip.  It's still worth experiencing the historic value and to see the always changing light show.  Plus, I'm now fond of Fitzgerald's (see specific post).
4	Overall, I like this little show.  They needed to something to get people downtown.....and this is as cool as it gets.  Saw it again last weekend.  Had lot's of fun.  Check it!
5	The GoodMore relaxed than the strip, ok with its "ironic" vibe, gambling is more fun because there's less at stake.The BadNeeds a bath.  And hey, when are they going to reopen the Lady Luck?The UglyWell what's nice about it is it's less painfully self conscious than the Strip, so you can sort of just drink up and take it easy.  You're probably here for vacation anyway so why not.
3	A little bit of classic Vegas on display for all visitors, this forever touristy spot coincidently doubles as a locals area to play a bit without having to come out to the strip.  With the fun little roof cover, no one should ever be concerned about the weather and embrace this downtown centerpiece.  Many of the casinos are being renovated here to keep up with the times and with that will come more and more people coming away from the strip to play at these original properties.  Plus, the hourly night show is an interesting way to spend a few minutes of your life, but gets old very quickly.Even though the crime here isn't what it used to be, there is still some shady activity outside of the Fremont District.  Beware as sketchy characters still roam the area in the form of pickpockets or bad comedians.  Clientele can range from cheesy to trashy, a given considering how cheap it is to stay at some of these properties.  It is a world away from the strip, but a place that is worth checking at least once in Vegas.
4	The actual light show overhead is not very entertaining. I did miss the beginning. I figured it wouldn't matter, but I was slightly confused. It kept showing scenic environments, and after a few minutes, some man-made device would come and disturb the peace and cause birds and animals to fly/run away. I thought it was a political piece about the environment or something, but it ended with a rocket blasting off into space so I don't know what they were going for.Other than that, it's a lot of fun walking around. Everything is enclosed, and there are lots of great lights and signs from the old casinos. There's usually a free show outside and people handing out free gifts. The casinos are smaller (which means you get your free drinks a lot sooner) and they have much better odds. I was actually able to win some money here.
4	Last October I enjoyed the Freemont Street Experience in downtown Las Vegas even more than "The Strip". There are lots of old-school casinos (Golden Nugget, etc) which give it a traditional Las Vegas feel, great deals on dinner abound, and everything was within just a few minutes walk of my hotel (Las Vegas Club - nothing much to look at, but a safe place to sleep - I'll likely stay at the Nugget next time around).I only spent one night on "The Strip" this time around, and had a much better time gambling downtown.
5	This entry seems to be for both the light show and the Fremont Street Experience drag, so I guess I'll address both.The light show is very cool and worth seeing at least once. It lasts between 10-15 minutes and plays on the hour, and there is more than just one. One of the shows had a bunch of hotties in swimsuits and other outfits just being hot. This was definitely G, PG or PG-13 depending on your upbringing, so nothing wrong with taking the family. The other show was kind of a conspiracy theory alien thing, playing off the Area 51 history. Both were very cool.Now for Fremont Street in general. Lots of cheap buffets, cheap drinks, better odds at the casinos, fried Twinkies and Oreos. I would say this area is just as safe, if not safer, than the Strip. There are police and security guards everywhere. There is public drinking, but it does not have the same frat house vibe as on the Strip. You don't have the Mexicans handing out the cards for all the hookers. That gets old really fast. It is a very clean area, unlike parts of the Strip that resemble landfills with all the garbage on the side of the road.There is no shopping malls or shows, so this area really is just to gamble, eat and drink. If you want to see bright lights, go here. All the glitz of the Strip, but concentrated on one small street that can be walked in 15 minutes. There's an open-air neon museum as well. Basically, any old signs that were left over from casinos that have been torn down end up here. They each have a plaque explaining where they came from.I really loved staying in downtown Vegas and hope to stay there again soon.
3	I was a little disappointed coming here. I really wanted the old Vegas experience. We came during the middle of the day, perhaps that was the wrong time to go. I really wanted to see the light show on the ceiling, but time did not permit. We spent about an hour here walking around and seeing all the old time Vegas signs and casinos. But after that, there was not much more to do. I guess we'll have to come back in the evening some time in the future to see the show on the ceiling!
3	I came here a few years ago and had a total blast hanging out in the old casinos and watching the older neon, which I find endlessly entertaining.  This review is not for that experience however, and is strictly on the light show since I think thats what they mean by "Fremont Experience."It sucked.It would have been so impressive in 2002 if I'd made it out here for a show. But I didn't. And now we have HDTVs in almost every household and so this technology is super underwhelming.  The "performance" I caught was supposed to be somewhat adult themed, which meant that they had hookers dressed up as fireman doing a poledance on what appeared to be giant matches.  There also seemed to be some sort of fire and ice theme, but I didn't really get it.I wish I did drugs because this would have been awesome.  Damn me and my law abiding ways. Aside from the less-than-cutting-edge technology since this place dated itself very quickly, you can't obviously beat the price.  It was worth the trip up to see it and the cool factor of the neighborhood exceeds the light show anyway, so you might as well catch at least one "performance."
2	Ahh Fremont Street...A nice little slice of Reno in Vegas.  All the casinos were build well before they developed modern ventilation systems, so all the casinos reek of smoke, old carpet, and pee.  More than its fair share of shady characters.  Worst of all, the garages charge parking....Validation is easy, but doesn't make much sense when you can park free at the Wynn but have to pay to play at Binion's.  Go if you must, but keep your expectations low...
1	That's it?  Don't even bother.The casinos here do offer better pay.  We found full pay jacks or better machines at the Four Queens.  But you have to suffer through the slummiest of skank old school casinos.  Probably NOT worth it.Won't be heading back "downtown" on future trips.
3	This is actually a pretty cool show.  Not the best, considering what Vegas has to offer, but it's free.  I would never make a special trip just to see it.  It's basically a light/image show on the giant 'screens' that form a kind of dome overhead, loud music blaring.  Seeing it once is more than enough - and that's the whole experience.  Just make sure you're not too distracted looking up to not mind your purse and wallet.  Not to say I've been pick-pocketed, but if you're not paying attention, you can easily be a target.  I'm paranoid that way.
3	Fremont Street Experience is like the SM Promenade with lights, tacky looking hookers, and deep fried oreos. LOL. Don't you wanna check it out?It's interesting to see all of the women who used to work the big time, got old, and now are here in their 50's waiting out the last years of life. Way too tan and just not cute anymore but they were nice so good times.Strip club? Casino? Souvenirs? Lots of random people? Outside concert? Yea. They have it all.We went on a mission to have a heart attack and gamble a little.Deep Fried Twinkies were first. Man. They were good. Then the boy brought a crap load of Deep Fried Oreos. After the twinkies I didn't even want to try the oreos but everyone was like "Oh they're so good" so fine.MOUTH-GASM.WhattheFWhat did they just do to me?How can a heart attack feel like I am having a orgasm in heaven? hahahahaha. Yea. That good. But seriously. GOT MILK? WHY DO THEY NOT SELL MILK THERE?Remember.... when on the hunt for Deep Fried Oreos stop somewhere and pick up a coffee or milk because lemonade just does not cut it. It was like having the best orgasm ever and then [insert lemonade] cutting it short and just collapsing. UGH. Be ready next time.:)
2	If  youre bored and want time to kill and dont mind cheesiness, this is a place to go to. Its not fancy, but your out of town guests perhaps be entertained?Its free, the only thing they screw you on is the hourly parking in the garage. If you know the backropes you can get your parking ticket validated and you will not pay a dime.They have all of the cheesey touristy stuff here. cheap t-shirts, 3 for $10. Also they have a few creepy looking things, like cats (some vendor sells these creepy looking cats *they're not real, but they're just creepy looking*. They do have a few things to offer down here, the deep fried twinkies or the deep fried oreos. I havent tasted them, but I heard they're worth tasting. Or you can buy a huge glass of frozen alcoholic drinks or buy a football shaped glass filled with beer. Walk on down to mermaids and get a few beaded  necklaces.The show? I liked it better when it was the old style vs the new and improved tv.They have 3 stages (well used to, I heard they tore down one of them) they have some acts playing on the stages. Some are well known stars, like Tom Jones (he's played there a few times), the doobie brothers or some local artists showing off their material, or you'll get the occasional coverband that shouldnt be singing songs that arent in their vocal range...*bring your earplugs*(also it can be loud).There are few shady parts of the street, just be aware of your surroundings and belongings.
4	All of the day goings-on are really great. For instance, the Saturday we were there they had a vintage car show. And Sunday night they had the Thunder Dome (Motorcycles in a sphere). Those things were really fun. For the night show, I was kind of expecting, oh I don't know, an EXPERIENCE. We were there for hours and all we ever saw were basically commercials on a giant, overhead tv screen. A very entertaining  giant overhead tv screen, but not worth the neck strain.I'd recommend avoiding going there at night as it gets overly-crowded.
4	Bye Bye Miss American Pie...Man, I know I have been around a while when I can sing the lyrics to this song at the top of my lungs while a light show overhead is happening and I am not alone in this experience. Imagine a Telegraph Avenue with the eclectic mix of hippies, druggies (think old men on ectasy), bible thumpers, and kiosks with things to buy along with Billy Joel cover bands, too many children and teenagers, cougars and hookers all on one street. This is Las Vegas in all of its glory and a fun show to watch at least once in your lifetime. The music and graphics changed since I was last here, but definitely fun.
3	Champagne taste but on a beer budget?  Then this the place for you!    Cool light shows at every top of the hour w/ vendors selling interesting merchandise on the street.    Speaker systems is excellent  - pumping out over thousands of wattage!  There is also a live band that plays there on the weekend which is fun to watch.      there will also be some crackhead who dances in the corner, busting his version of the 'air guitar' on the sidelines.  He is there in the same spot Everynight
2	A few posh friends of mine came down to visit and for some strange reason they wanted to see the Fremont Street Experience. I only say strange because these are the kinds of friends who feel at home in places like the Bellagio, Wynn, or Venetian. Apparently, they saw a Vegas special on the Travel Channel and thought the Fremont Street Experience would be a "delightful" place to visit. I tried my best to convey to them that the Fremont Street Experience and Downtown area aren't exactly the nicest of areas. The majority of the people there aren't the same people who are staying at the Bellagio... Or at a nicer property on the Strip. I told them them they shouldn't expect to see any of their fellow Baccarat players there. Against their better judgement, they were insistent on seeing the place... and really who am I to stop them. Onward...About a 8-10 minute drive from the Strip, we head into the Downtown area. I always park at the California Hotel and they validate, up to four hours, if you stamp your parking ticket near the casino cage. Otherwise its about $1 an hour or something. We head out the door and start walking that one block to Fremont Street.Right outside the door is a homeless guy begging for some change. My friends seem a little unfazed since there are tons of homeless people begging for change in San Francisco. About half a block down, we see another vagrant asking to borrow a dollar. A friend cheerfully tells them that he just lost all his money to the casino and wanted to know if he could borrow a dollar so he can win it all back. A little classless but hilarious since we were somewhat tipsy.We get to the Fremont Street unscathed and started walking towards the Plaza. If you've never been to the Fremont Street Experience, its a large covered canopy that links several smaller hotel/casinos together along several blocks. On the ceiling plays a light show every hour. Sometimes there are people performing or street vendors selling goods.Tonight we got to see the Globe of Death, in which up to three motorcyclists drive around inside the steel globe in a uniform fashion without crashing. We continue to walk towards the Golden Gate Casino when this happens..."Oh no, I dropped my sweater.", says the female friend.We turn around and retrace about 20 steps before we see it. And when I say "it" I don't just mean the sweater, but the strange scene in front of us. We see a burly African American man, who's probably homeless, pick up the white small sweater/cardigan and shoves it under one arm. He then proceeds to take off his ratty t-shirt, lays it on the ground, and then starts to fold the shirt like as if he was working at the Gap. He ever so gently places the t-shirt in his sack and then starts to put on the sweater/cardigan. Did I mention he was a big burly man, (180+ lbs) putting on a SMALL sweater? He totally stretches it out while trying to squeeze into it. He gets it on and now starts to zip it up. He gets about 1/4 way up and cant seem to zip it up any further. He looks down, happily satisfied, picks up his stuff and walks away.The bunch of us stood there speechless for about 2-3 minutes trying to process what just had happened. Questions raced in our minds asking ourselves if we really did see what really just happened. A friend broke the silence with, "So do you want me to ask him for your sweater back? He looks like a nice guy." The female friend just shook her head in disbelief and we just started walking again.We visited Binions, Golden Nugget, The Fremont, and the Four Queens. We got to the point where the Fremont Street Experience ended and the Fremont East area begins. Now the Fremont East area isn't as nice as the Fremont Street Experience. Instead of being in the middle, you are now on the regular sidewalks. The atmosphere goes from bright touristy to a little shadier. I ask if they want to continue down this road on towards the El Cortez and whatever else was down there. "I guess it doesnt hurt to check it out.", someone answered. Ooooooookay. We get about 40 steps in and like a scene straight out of COPS, a police cruiser pulls over a vehicle and two more cop cars come blaring in from the other side as to surround the suspect car. Needless to say, my posh friends did an immediate 180 and started walking really fast back to safer FSE. I was walking behind them trying to hold my laughter and the best way to describe my feeling is that jingle bells line that goes "LAUGHING ALL THE WAY HA HA HA."Afterwards, we headed back to our car and the evening was nearly over. My friends were eager to get back to their hotel suite to shower away the grimy feeling they felt. I think one of my friends summed up the whole night best when he said, "The Travel Channel lied to us."
3	OMG. I was there last April and that place is so damn funny.  The people are a total trip to watch.  My friend wanted to get those stupid mardi gra beads at the various spots you collect them from.   The food was weak at the rinky casino we had to eat at, but  late night (11pm I think / isn't the town 24hr?) the places started to close.  The over head show was cool, but you have to go just to watch the peeps.
4	Yes, this is typical Las Vegas cheese; but it is fun and it is cheap.Cheap food (but good), cheap drinks (still good). The whole family can go!Outside area can be scary!
4	A very, very, very interesting place. As if Vegas isn't already quite an experience, Fremont Street is something totally different and unique in relation to the strip.So I've been there both at night and during the day. Yes, it is a very shady place but I'm from the Bay and Downtown Vegas DOESN'T even compare to the ghetto spots over here so it didn't really phase me. Yes there are homeless people but I see about a dozen walking to work everyday in San Francisco. No big deal.It's not a fair comparison to rate the Fremont Street to the 5 star hotels on the strip. Fremont is old Vegas thus you will not find the mega resorts with the lavish and mazelike casinos and fine dining. Fremont Street isn't a place you would like to stay, get a spa treatment or go shopping at. It's a place that you just have to check out for it's character, get sh*tfaced drunk and laugh at every damn weird and crazy thing you see. Remember, Vegas wasn't built in the 1990's when the strip became what it is today. Fremont is what Vegas was like 100 years ago.Check it out for the canopy light show, deep fried twinkies and oreos (my fave!), cheap gambling and for the eccentric and eclectic people. Also the Golden Nugget is actually owned by Steve Wynn who also built the Bellagio (before it was sold) and his namesake, the Wynn. After Fremont, you might be thinking "What the hell did I just experience?" but my friend, that's what going to Vegas is all about.
4	My buddy wanted to see it, so see it we did......for a $30 cab right.  On the way back we realized the bus was $2, but took about 90 minutes.Can't say I regretted the trip to Old Vegas, but it is definitely better at night.  Certainly a great choice for those doing things on a budget or those simply wanting to people watch.Sure, Alex has Blue Lobster and Foie Gras.....but does he have deep fried oreos?  Freemont Street does!  :-)
3	I think of the Fremont street experience as the lower rent cousin of the strip.  The casinos down there try pretty hard and they have some novelty things that make a trip down to the sketchy part of vegas worth it.  The canopy (I dunno what its' called) was pretty cool the first time I saw them play Queen's "We will rock you", it also keeps the sun off of your back if you're walking around down there.  There are little shops (I guess there are little shops everywhere in vegas eh?) where you can get better prices on things than if you were to buy them on the strip.  Also there's a walgreens down there that's better priced than the pimped out walgreens on the strip.  Also here you will probably find one of the last casinos (the mermaid) that actually still dispenses coins for your winnings.  Though waiting for 400 quarters to shoot out of the machine is pretty annoying.Save yourself some trouble and take the Deuce down here, 5 bucks for a whole day is better than suffering in the traffic on the strip.  Please for the love of god, remember your bus etiquette.
5	I ALWAYS miss this everytime Im in Vegas and Im so sad, but this time we stepped outside while it was happening and I was so excited. QUEEN. Freddy Mercury. awesome. Thats all I have to say about that. ps) I wonder if all of the weird conservative people from Nebraska knew they were rocking out to a big old homo in leather chaps??
3	You have to love downtown. They have recently added the Fremont East District for outdoor concerts and events. Theres always street performers and the Light show then theres the junk vendors in the kiosk and the spray can artist, of course there bums, beggars and prostitutes hanging out but hell its air conditioned OUTSIDE. Most weekends there is an outdoor conert at one of the stages, the have car & bike shows, food festivals and just about anything you can think of. The downside theres not really any place to eat thats outstanding , most of the casinos are gloomy and not very inviting, Mermaids does have the $1 Fried, Oreos Twinkies and Nathans Hot Dogs, Plus Margaritas and Shrimp Cocktails are all over downtown. The one true gym downtown is Jillians with the arcade, rock conerts and large bar/dining with all the big screen tv's. Always good time, free garage parking, cheap events and free music and other entertainment.
2	Uh... so, uh, the light show thing is kinda interesting, but it totally depends on what's playing (we saw some lame band's cover of "Born to be Wild").  I so would not go out of my way to go here, but we were driving by and I hadn't ever had the "experience".  No need to return though.  Sandi D's review nails it.
4	The FSE is always a must-do event anytime we're in Vegas.  Some of the light shows are pretty great, other just "meh", but it's always fun.  Walking along Fremont Street and enjoying the FSE is a great way to spend an evening downtown.  Make stops at all vintage casinos, have a few drinks, lose (or hopefully win) a little money, and take in the atmosphere.  There's usually a live band or other entertainment underneath the canopy.  FRB costs are also less downtown for those not in need of the high-end luxury accommodations and pampering offered on the strip.Love downtown and FSE.
4	Free is good - especially in Las Vegas - and every hour along Fremont Street you get to hang out and watch a show of some sort take place overhead.  I've always enjoyed downtown, first because the hotels are so much easier to get into than on the strip (where you have to walk miles to get from one to the next), but also because it's just so much seedier.Then to see all the neon shut down and everyone stop and stare - it's just more interesting that people, who are dropping who knows how much money, will care to watch the lights twinkle for five minutes or so.  At the end of it all, you get to watch the street flicker back to life, and everyone goes on with what they are doing.  It's just an interesting phenomenon, less about the show than about what takes place around it - and watching the people is what it's all about.
5	I hang out in rock bars, play music, bartend, and I love dining, gambling and having a good time. Fremont St. is up my alley. If you like posh things, fancy nightclubs, high-end restaurants, high-roller clubs and rich people, don't bother! Also if you don't like trashy people-watching and the occasional bar fight -- then really don't bother.I like Fremont St. because the people are real. I don't have a lot of money and when I go on vacation I don't need to be reminded that I'm on a budget by tables that require a $25 minimum bet. I can play and have fun on Freemont and not lose my ass. I can also afford to go out to eat twice a day, shop for silly gifts, drink as much as I want and see things I can't see at home (that's what vacation is all about, isn't it?). As for the "Fremont Street Experience," I like the light show, it's fun. The huge lighted canopy makes it seem like it's day time all night long, which keeps me up and ready-to-go. I always stay on Fremont St because that's where a lot of the crazy fun is. If I want to head to the strip, I take the bus, it's $2. No big whoop.
2	How to reenact the Fremont Experience in your hotel room:Materials: 1. Flashlight 2. Hands, preferably yours and attached to body 3. Comforter cover or just a dark room4. Computer screen saver (preferred)Directions:1. Turn off lights or cover yourself with comforter 2. Turn on flashlight3. Make shadow puppets 4. Skip 2 and 3 if using screen saver (preferred) 5. Make some kind of sound effect when you do the (puppet) showUnless you're already on Fremont St., don't make the extra trip here. Also, the Fremont Hotel doesn't have self parking, only valet.
3	Ever since this was built a number of years ago, I've been wanting to check it out but whenever I'm in Vegas, I usually hang along the strip most of the time and never made it out here.  My last trip I finally did.  The things I do like about the "experience" is that it's an outdoor party and I have to say the screens are pretty impressive.  This is "Old" Las Vegas where everything is dirt cheap.  All the drinks and food are inline with the prices I want to pay when I come to Vegas.  But.......   It's pretty damn ghetto here.  At least the night I came.  There were a lot of street people.  You could see some paperbags with some "8 Ball" protruding from them.  But I guess that's part of the charm here cause you can just have an open container here with no damn worries....  It's all good I guess but whenever I looked up at the screen, I had to make sure I looked back to street level here and there just to make sure my wallet was not leaving me.  haha..  Maybe the earlier shows are not so seedy.  I did come for the very last show of the evening so maybe I was asking for it....
4	I really enjoyed the Fremont Street Experience.  I would definitely return here.  It reminds me of the first time I went to Las Vegas a loooong time ago.  It's kinda cool because you feel like you're in a shopping mall except that the department stores are casinos.  I love being able to casino hop so easily and there whole Fremont Street area has lots of deals on food and drinks (a lot more than on the Strip).  We spent a whole day here visiting casinos, eating, drinking, getting gifts for signing up for Player's Clubs (I got a sweet tote bag at Four Queens, many decks of cards and a photo with $1M at Binions!), watching the video show, strolling.  We were there just before Christmas and they had nice holiday-themed video displays as well as holiday music playing - we were actually dancing around we were so happy.  Nothing here is as fancy as on the Strip but it is more low-key and it is free and it's a nice break from the Strip with long walks between casinos once you finally find your way out of them.  You can still find $1.99 meal deals here, too!  I would definitely recommend Fremont Street if you have a stay longer than, say, three days in Las Vegas.  It was super easy to take the Deuce bus from the Strip to get here and back, too (if you don't have a car).
5	You gotta love real Vegas and people watching or else you won't have much fun.  If you want to pay $20 for a Coors light and deal with lines and overpriced entertainment, then go to the Strip.  I've seen some harsh criticism of the Viva Vision light shows, but the new KISS Over Vegas is phenomenal.  You don't even have to be a fan of the band to enjoy it.  There are also several good restaurants and bars downtown, you just need to give Fremont a chance and take it all in.
4	The Fremont Street Experience is simply awesome.    We went to Vegas just for this, as our Dad wanted to see it.    I had no idea what it was, but he had E-Mailed me a link and it looked quite interesting.     Needless to say, it rocked!     If you are meeting friends or family in Las Vegas anyway, oh yeah, definitely do go check this out.    A technological marvel.    You will find yourself smiling.So many cheap drinks in the area too.    And if you have a hotel in the area, you can just walk around getting absolutely jack-hammered.  And apparently people have figured that out long before I came up with the suggestion.   :)
2	Well, it seems like the reviewers are divided between those who love the posh surroundings of the Strip (who give Fremont a thumbs-down) and those who think all that stuff is overrated and prefer the "real, old-style" Vegas.But if there's one thing both of those reviewers can agree on, it's: "For the love of God, don't be an idiot and come here during the day like S.R. did" That's kind of like visiting L.A. on a rainy winter day or Miami in the middle of August.Maybe I'd give it more stars if I visited at night like the rest of you, but during the day, it looks like some kind of sleazy carnival-midway hell that time just passed by and forgot about. Sad.
5	Some people just don't realize that Vegas isn't all about the Strip.It's so sad that so few people even know about Fremont Street, let alone visit it.  If  you truly love Vegas, then you have to love Fremont Street, too.It's pretty much one long street with a giant, long awning that stretches from end to end.  Under its canopy, tourists stroll around visiting the various tshirt stores and oggle at kiosks selling the strangest things.  The freaks in all sorts of weird getups entertain laughing crowds.  An al fresco stage sits along the middle of the walkway where Marilyn Monroe might just stop by to give a performance.  Normal eateries like TGI Fridays, Tony Romas, and heck, even a McDonald's remind pedestrians that Vegas isn't always so over-the-top.  And, if you wait for it... wait for it... wait for it... the overhead will suddenly light up into a freaking crazy light show with heart pounding music.  Forget the Bellagio fountains.  Sure, they're pretty, but Fremont Street straight up provides you with a drug-free LSD trip!And for the gamblers, here's a tip from a true recovering gamble-holic.  If you want to play a REAL game of poker, you need to be downtown.  Poker Rooms on the Strip are for newbs.
3	I'm sort of split on the Fremont Street Experience.  On the one hand, it's kind of cool and impressive...and on the other hand, it's kind of hokey, cheesy, and the fact that it's stuck in the middle of Old Vegas doesn't help.  I'd have to say that it's probably worth the trip to go see this, but it's likely a 50/50 chance that you'll enjoy it.  I liked the first one I saw, just because it was so much bigger than I imagined...but the second one we stayed for was kind of hokey and I wasn't really into it.  If you do go, stay for a couple of the different videos...they aren't that long anyway.
4	Okay....so...my best friend and I stood out like a SORE thumb here, we were dressed up to go out to the clubs on the strip, and we are both asian.  But I thought this place was fantastic!!!!! I loved the light show with Kiss, and it was so cool cause it just stopped everyone in their tracks.  And luckily or unluckily....it was NASCAR WEEKEND!!!! Muahahaha!!!!  So we definitely were stand outs - good or bad, I don't know.  So...there was a live country band playing, and everyone was rowdy in their hats and nascar jackets.  I thought it was great.  Fremont St. is definitely one of those out of the way random Vegas experiences....I'm glad I had it. Although...I DID keep thinking to myself that I accidently flew to Reno, NV and not Las Vegas.  Hahaha.
3	We were done with dinner early so we decided to hit Fremont Street on our way back to our hotel, specifically to see the light show.  We used the valet at the Four Queens and that in itself was quite an experience.  It was free with validation but we really weren't sure our car was going to be there when we got back.  The valet gave off such a hinky vibe that we actually sat there and debated on whether or not we should park there but we reluctantly handed over the keys and hoped for the best.Anyway, the strip it ain't.  You share space with tourists, locals, tweakers, drunks and everything in between, which to me makes it all the more interesting.  We grabbed some drinks from one of the outside bars and waited for the lights to go down, not know what the overhead show would be that night.  I was highly excited when it turned out to be Queen *squeal*   I know, We Will Rock You is a bit cheesy but with a slight buzz on and everyone around signing along, it was pretty cool.We left right after that and apparently went to the wrong area to pick up our car from valet.  We sat...and sat...then paced and wondered if the guy we handed the keys to even worked there.  Yikes.  He walked out and grumbled something about us going to the wrong window and said he would get our car after he parked one that had just come in.  We still weren't convinced we would see our car again but after 10 more minutes or so, the grouchy valet pulled around the corner and all was right with the world once again.Bottom line...watch where you park, watch your purses and wallets and enjoy it for what it is.
1	This was an interesting Fremont Street Experience. We were there about an hour and we saw:1 Apparent drug arrest...suspect prostrate on the ground with 4 officers searching his pockets, backpack, etc., and;2 fistfights, one of which was between 2 girls who had just come out of a "gentleman's club", and;1 altercation between the family of another girl who had come out of the  gentleman's club and didn't want to go back to Iowa (sorry we overheard, but this was all shouted between 4 family members and the runaway, loudly enough that the police came over to referee), and;6-8 attempts to aggressively panhandle us.In a slightly contracted word...don't.
1	I'm a little disappointed. I expected flashing lights and crazy people and panhandlers all over the place. What I got on my two trips down there was a dead indoor/outdoor walkway with just the shimmering lights of the casino's neon signs as a form of light. The only crazy people out that night were me and my friends, one of which was crazy enough to take off her shoes and walk barefoot (what a kook, doesn't she know the number of people that have urinated or ejaculated all over the street). Regardless of my experience, I'm sure if the mood is right and the crazies are out that this is the place to be.
3	Fremont Street is definitely different from the Strip. The light show is entertaining, especially if you were, say on LSD, or just on the verge of throwing up.  It's overhead so you get to experience an awkward sense of community and relativity with every other drunk person around you simultaneously looking straight up and it takes up the entire street.As for "crazies", my friend and I got chased down by guys with cameras asking us if they could take pictures of us. One of them followed me into a store and while I was looking at a side of keychains, actually stood there in the aisle long enough to try and snap a picture. Which reminds me, I need to go check the strip next time I'm down to see if I'm on one of those sex hotline cards.Aside from that, there are casinos, buffets, carts welding typical Las Vegas propaganda, bright lights, crowds of people, carts serving alcohol, bars, fried oreos and bananas, a Starbucks, $1 shrimp cocktails (!) and a psychic.That psychic's no good. I went there with 7 friends, about 5 of us went to see her, and only obvious bits of our lives were true. I'm still trying to find a good psychic like some girls seek out the perfect manicurist.One old lady in a wheelchair wheeled herself alongside my guy friends trying to warn them about something and when they crossed the street to get away from her she started swearing at them.Chippendale's had some dancers there and we took pictures with them. They just threw us in the air and held us like babies. There was a motorcycle show where three guys on three motorcycles got in a cage and rode around in circles.It's fun, it's cute. Everyone should see the light show sometime.
3	It was pretty cool going down to Old Vegas. I was there almost two weeks ago today. I enjoyed seeing the Light Show and stuff but didn't really get to do much gambling in this area. I was shocked how crowded some of these casinos were though. I will come back to this area next time I go to Las Vegas for sure.  The Bus took absolutely freaking forever to get there though from the Planet Hollywood Casino. It was like slow death going back and such.
1	All I can saw is Ewwh.... we went here during a Sunday afternoon...we thought it would be a little cheaper at the tables, not it was the same here maybe $5-$10 instead of $10-$20, but still..I think I got a disease from the icky seats at Fitzgerald's....not going back here.
5	Holy mother! I've lived in Vegas for 3 years n some change & had never "experienced" The Fremont Experience.  I'm elated I did, it was buckets of fun!  Fremont is like a little strip on the strip...It's almost cooler than the main one. Everyone should see it.  Reminded me of what it would have been like when my grandparents visited when they were my age.  The neon signs were old school & stunning!  The LCD show was breath-taking (music was very loud & no real point or story), Lots of touristy shops at bargain prices, cheap beverages ($.99 margaritas).  The ABC store was my favorite shop, I picked me up 3 cute flower clips.The place I most enjoyed was Mermaids  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mermaids_Casino  , located toward the back of the walk, if you start from Las Vegas Blvd.  There they have fried twinkies, fried oreos, chocolate dipped bananas, & other heart attack inducing goodies.  I would recommend the Fried Twinkies, bomb!What to wear: nothing terribly special, casual, good for walking & light (it gets really hot inside after the light show, not much ventilation), good for picture taking.I've never really seen such an eclectic taste of people from all walks of life.  There are average folk, tourists, AND THEN THERE ARE the ones that crawled out from the wood work. Toothless, drunk, the kind that dance for money or just dance provocatively just for attention...it was magnificent.  At first, I flicked them the look of WHAT THE EFF!!! But then smiled and took it all in, it made me smile, they were so happy. Penny & nickle slot machines & bathrooms located in most of the casinos.Come with a happy attitude & prepare to have fun!
5	Live G-D Damn Music rocks the Fremont Experience!!!so they are doing this summer of love thing from 1969 and it is so cool, live bands, tie die shirts, and just a good old Hippie time. Saturday night I saw "The Guess Who"  and they rocked the house it was wonderful, and tonight it was "Blood Sweat and Tears"  both classic bans and this is a great place to see live music, and it's FREEas for the Fremont light shows they are just getting better and better, this weekend I saw one for "Kiss", a Tribute too "Queen" and a dedication to our Troops done to a country song and it was very moving, oh yeah can't forget the one done for the 1969 celebration also.so if you do nothing else get away from the strip and come too the Old part of Town this is were it all began, the Golden Gate hotel was the first Casino built in Las Vegas in 1906, and if you look at the corner of the building outside on the ground there is a plaque showing were the first "Pay Phone" was in Las Vegas
4	This is old town Vegas, not on the strip, but south of it.  Always my first destination when the sun goes down, this street is five blocks of casinos, restaurants, 99c daquiries, deep fried twinkies, and an incredible 90 foot big screen ceiling that has light/sound shows nightly.There are always live bands, also free of charge, but the highlight is when the sun goes down and the lights go up.  Every hour, 15 min. after the hour, the presentation begins on the ceiling that stretches over the street.  Videos of roulettes, dancing girls, card games, women diving into martini glasses, and a plethora of all things vegas can be seen, accompanied by an amazing sound system.
3	Two things I liked from Fremont Street  I got a huge fuit punch daiquiri for cheap, and the light show that they have was good. Oh and it wasn't crowded so that was good. I don't know why but, some of the girls were looking at me like I wasn't  dressed appropriately. Sorry but I don't wear dresses with my ass and flab hanging out and hooker shoes. And some of the people looked liked they were high as hell, they looked crazy. And a bunch of weird guys kept telling me they wish they can take a picture of me and other weird things they were saying to me. Can you say creepy? But like I said I loved that daiquiri, it was sooo good.
4	The Fremont Street Experience might be a lot of things, but you must check it out anyway.  In the heart of downtown Las Vegas is a fully lit street with a canopy of lights that goes off every hour with a musical show that is fun for all ages.  Personally, I like it.  However, I also like the largest ball of twine and other weird stuff.  I wouldn't go out of my way to see the show every time I visit Vegas, but if I am there to catch it...bonus!The last show I saw was KISS.  I posted a video of it on my YouTube account.  It was worth watching for sure.  There are a wide variety of shows, and they change them/add new ones all the time.  4 stars for being one-of-a-kind.
5	i know from my friends who live in vegas and took me here that the freemont street experience is in a ghetto area. BUT WHATEVER.NONETHELESS, i went back on my last day to see the oldschool neon signs on binions, golden nugget, the plaza and whathave you.and i say it again, this is in a shady part of town, its not MODERN GLITZY as the wynn or the venetian is.the canopy experience was nice, only because they turned off all the neon lights on the casinos. it was like oddly magical to see something that is as unusual as a las vegas unlit marquee. its mostly computer generated - definitely a mixture of the old and the new.so why did i come back into the freemont street experience for the second time around? because it really felt like i stepped into my grandmother's souvenir trivets that i have been staring at in her house since i was four. yes, i would go back to the freemont street experience, no matter how tacky it is because it reminds me of the old glitz of vegas, even if i was never there.call it old school, i call it going into my grandma's souvenir trivet.
3	I had heard about the Fremont Street Experience for a while now, but hadn't really found time to get there in past trips. I only go for 3 night trips and don't want to leave the Strip. However, as the most recent trip was my 12th, I figured I should see this attraction. I guess I can see how people would really like FSE - it's got the Old Vegas charm of places like 4 Queens and the Golden Nugget with some New Vegas life breathed into it, thanks to the overhead LED show and awesome sound system. But I didn't find the whole thing too interesting. Yeah, the LED screen show is pretty sweet, and it's nice that they have live music too, but the whole area feels kind of dingy. I was in and out of this place in 30 minutes. I wouldn't recommend FSE to people unless they'd already seen everything on the Strip or were really into the old glitz of Vegas. It gets 3 stars just for the cool LED canopy show.
2	Not impressed by this area at all.  It's kind of sad.  This area has so much potential due to the history behind it......instead you see the real run down part of Vegas.Four Queens, Golden Nugget and the Golden Gate make this worth visiting.....but it still leaves much to be desired.  This place is ghetto, and that is being polite.  It's like South Boston but with neon lights and gambling.  I give some credit to Vegas for having the police patrol this area hardcore.  However, that may be a bad thing if you think of it.
4	I had a blast here. Great place to people watch and the shows was awesome (saw the Kiss and Queen light show).  The drinks on the street were much cheaper then in the casinos or on the Stripe. Was feeling pretty good after a couple Electric Kool Aids.  I like it much better then the Strip felt   so old school. Definitely have to experience at night, would be to ghetto during the day that is for sure.
4	I would say that I don't really care about the Summer of 69 which is what they are up to this year, but I still really enjoyed the light show. Even down to the Rod Stewart cover band everything seemed well planned. I've stayed up on the strip everytime I've gone to Vegas which is about 5 times now and none of those other times compared to the fun I had this time. I say stick with downtown for a better experience. It's a little more gritty, but you won't get stuck in a theme which is great. I don't need knights with my gambling and I certainly don't need more kids running around screaming, which the strip seems to  have too many of!
4	You have to go here at night, because the show in the sky is cool....Don McLean, Queen, and KISS.Yeah, this strip is not as nice as the main strip, but this place is fun and has alot of personality.  I recommend you check out the fantastic dive called Mermaids.  It's not a strip club...it's a small, hole-in-the-wall casino that serves big frosty drinks, Nathan's hot dogs, and deep fried twinkies.  It's usually crowded, and if you win on the slot machines, they still shoot out nickles.....but this place is a fun time!Letter grade:  A-
4	Despite the 110 degree heat, I enjoyed my experience here-It was nice to get off the strip and just walk around, and of course, try the famous fried twinkie at the Mermaids Casino. I love how the casinos are still using coins and everything is old school. My friends and I had a pretty awesome time here, but i think coming here at night would be better? or at least cooler.My only complaint is that the people here don't seem um, very friendly or happy. when we asked about why they were all wearing summer of 69 shirts, no one was particularly excited about the supposed event going on.
3	Ahhh, it was OK.. Staying at the Fremont hotel over the weekend, we got to see this show a couple of times. The show was both a tribute to Queen, and the summer of 69. Friday, I guess we enjoyed ourselves cause I have little visions of my friend and I singing and dancing down the little strip... (OK, we were wasted), Saturday we caught the show a little earlier, and wasn't that impressed. Can't complain though.. it was FREE!!!
3	I am not sure how to explain my experience at Freemont.  I'll be brief.  99 cent fried twinkies and fried oreos gave this place 2 stars.  The TV's in the sky gave it 1 star.That's why this place got 3 stars.  Nothing much else going on here.
4	This was SO fun!! We were just there last week during their "Summer of 69" music festival. It was a jam packed street of people laughing, drinking, and swaying to the music of a great Elvis impersonator, and later on, the Queen and Kiss video shows. The only hard part is getting there. We took the horrible Deuce bus down there. It took WAY over an hour. Horrible. On the way back to the main strip, we took a cab to Sahara and then hit the monorail back to our hotel. They also had very reasonably priced souvenirs, great mixed drinks, cheap, awesome buffets, and  kiosks for shopping. I would def recommend the Main Street buffet. All in all, it was alot of cheap fun. It was like a big street fair/block party. Def would have gone there more than one time this trip if the monorail could get you there directly.
5	Loved it!  We finally got to see this on our third trip to Las Vegas.  A free music and light show.  What could be better?We parked at the Golden Nugget Casino and hotel.  We walked around and then headed out to the Fremont Street.  The show is about 6-8 minutes long and is once an hour.  We got out there for the 10pm show and it was QUEEN!  Boy, we picked the right show.  They cycle through each hour and this was the one to see! There isn't a bad place to stand in the whole place.  Therefore, no pushing and shoving like you have at the Pirate show in front of TI.  The show is also great for kids.  They may not know the band, but who doesn't love flashing beautiful light all above you.In addition, some of the iconic neon signs are on Fremont Street. There are dancers who you can tip to take photos with.  There are live musical bands that play down there sometimes.  There are street performers and artists.  It's a great place for photo-ops.
5	Street artists seem to have realized that this is a pretty cool place to set up shop. The spray paint artist and caricature artist have been there awhile and are popular. I know people who make a point of seeing the spray paint artist each time they are in town. Lately they have been joined by a few more painters, one of those artists that write you name on a scroll with letters that look like animals, and a guy that can hand sculpt your head from a lump of clay in mere minutes. The sculpting guy in particular is fun to watch. You won't ever confuse Fremont Street with an art district, but it is fun watching these guys practice their craft and see people supporting them and leave happy with an unique souvenir. The 99 cent shops are still around too for those who prefer non-unique souvenirs.
2	Certainly a change of pace from the strip but the sketchy factor is an issue.The Fremont Street Experience has the charm that comes with having a bit of history in a town that's severely lacking... but with that comes a general run down vibe and less than wholesome clientele.  If all you want is to have a beer and find a cheap table, this is an option.  But if you're a little more sensitive to seeing folks who are a little down on their luck then this might not be for you.Fremont Street includes 4 Queens, Binion's, Fitzgerald's, Fremont, and by far the best of the group Golden Nugget.  You'll also find a few bars including Hennessey's and Brass Rail.  Oh and there's also Neonopolis which is an epic fail of a mostly abandoned retail outlet.The biggest draw is arguably the Viva Vision canopy.  At night, there are computer animated shows set to Boot Scootin' Boogie, Born to be Wild or equally played out song.  It's cool but I think they could do a lot more with this.  Maybe show the Super Bowl or other big events when they happen, or if there's big breaking news, utilize the screen.I probably have spent more time at FSE than the typical Las Vegan because I used to work in the area.  When it comes to tourists maybe one stop here is all you need just to say you've seen it.  It's nowhere near the strip.  Park in the FSE parking garage and get free validation at 4 Queens.
3	Was back in downtown Vegas over the weekend.. Yes they still had the summer of 69 going on.. I went out this time a little later to check out the FREE experience..... lots of drunkers, a few pasted out on the street, lol.. lots of people watching. Three stages of live bands... Same ol songs... I know summer is ending soon, so hopefully the next lineup will be a nice change... Booze is cheap.. watch out for the mixed hurricane drinks.. some of them are nasty!! ask for a sample before purchasing.. My favorite one I tried over the weekend was the creamsucille... but they sell out really fast, so go early on a Friday night for those...
3	When we visited Fremont Street, we were disappointed that they didn't have the light show. Although I have already seen it before, my bf hasn't. We asked one of the security guards that worked in one of the hotels and he indicated the light show was on every hour...8,9,10,11, and so forth. We stayed till 8:15 and didn't see it. BOO! Maybe because it was a Sunday night? Who knows. We did enjoy the street painters. Oh, and watch our for their tie-dye shirts. Apparently their theme this year is Summer of '69 and all of the worker at Fremont Street, including the hotel workers are all wearing one! i also expected the machines to have low minimum machines and table, but they were the same as the main strip! Golden Nugget had more $1 slot machines than any other casinos I've been to. I say stick to the strip when you're in Vegas, but visit Fremont street for their light show (if they still do it) and the culture! Take the bus, too, it's only $3 one way if you want to save $$ from all the taxi rides!
2	Had high expectations since I've always enjoyed this free visual light show.  It's been 5 years since I've been to Vegas and brought our toddler.  Note to self:  I'll reconsider taking any kid(s) to Vegas in the month of October.  I didnt even think about the scary Halloween displays.  With son on hubby's shoulders, he said it's "too scary" during the light show.   For some reason, the specific show we were watching wasn't as dazzling as previous ones we've seen or maybe we had too high expectations?  Just anti-climactic and underwhelming.  Plus, I underestimated all the sexy images too...duh what was I thinking?!!  Things sure have changed in 5 years!!!!
4	for a free show it is really good. If you had to pay for it then not worth it. If you go at night you geta show with in the show,( you get all the drunks walking around yelling at people, Over weight woman trying to look young and slutty, Grandpas in shorts with Black sox. Besides that they show is cool we saw one of aliens invading the earth. my son loved it he was laughing and screaming the whole time. besides that you can get a deepfried oreo or foot long hot dog for 99 cents!!!
3	This is the old Vegas, the Vegas featured in DIAMONDS ARE FOREVER with the infamous car scene - the Mustang goes into the alley on its right wheels and exits on its left wheels.  Also, very Hunter S. Thompson, the scene of the old Mint - now annexed by Binion's Horseshoe - and the Mint 400.  This is Bobby DeNiro's CASINO, when checking into a hotel wasn't like checking into an airport - great line.  This is also Auntie Linda's Vegas, when she stays at Fitzgeralds or the Lady Luck, because this is the Vegas of $9.99 prime rib dinners and $2.99 shrimp cocktails, and you don't have to do a lot of walking (the area is very compact).  As our cab driver said, a Korean War vet with two purple hearts (a Marine that was wounded twice in the same day, mind you), this is the Vegas of the locals and the old time visitors, where they will laugh with you and not at you.  As a caution, as mentioned by others, the area around the perimeter is VERY sketchy - do not venture away (it's like going to Atlantic City and they say DO NOT LEAVE THE BOARDWALK) Taxi drivers avoid the area OUTSIDE the Fremont Experience, especially at night (you won't have any trouble getting a cab from one of the hotels).  We were here during the day and me and my buddy, two brave lads as ever there was, and, in the words of Dr Gonzo, "armed to the teeth," had to call a cab company from a 711 at the corner of Fremont and North 15th (shithole) and the cab driver told us that if he got that call at night he wouldn't think twice about refusing that call. The neighborhood, which is a quick walk away, is where you will find rusting supermarket carriages and meth head hookers hanging on the corners, where there are stickers on the blue collection boxes urging postal customers NOT to deposit mail after the last pick-up due to theft.  But if you want a glimpse of  Scorsese's Vegas, it's a quick cab ride from the plastic fantastic world of the Strip.
2	Being a long time SF Bay Area resident, I'm use to tourist traps with no soul or culture. That would basically sum up my view of the FREMONT STREET EXPERIENCE. Even though the all the neon lights and non-stop dance music are a virtual orgy for your eyes and ears, once your brain adapts to the overkill you slowly realize that there really isn't anything here. I mean, lets be honest. This place is basically a San Jose Santana Row with overkill neon and slot machines! In addition, what you need to be aware of is the fact that the FREMONT STREET EXPERIENCE does NOT run the entire length of Fremont Street. As a matter of fact, it will become very evident when you should turn back and head to the safety of the neon lights and armed security. Actually, I think you will get plenty of warning. The prostitutes and panhandlers accosting you will be a dead giveaway as slowly approach the south side of Fremont... lol
3	A trip to Vegas just isn't complete until you roll through the Fremont Street Experience. It's definitely worth the short excursion...just park somewhere down the street for free. If you roll into the El Cortez, hotel parking is free...not sure about the other casinos in the area. There are casinos here, a strip club, restaurants, souvenir shops and of course the light show. Shows every hour at the top of the hour starting 7pm I think. It's definitely worth an hour of your life.
4	The Fremont Street light show is pretty cool and it's free. Although the I didn't think the resolution on the actual images was that great, the overall image is very impressive. Now I know how it feels to be immersed in a television.I was a bit more aware during the show though. Downtown isn't the best place, especially at night and there were people bumping into you while looking up all the time. I kept one hand on my wallet.
4	If you've always dreamed of spending your Vegas vacation hanging out with homeless people and getting hit up for money and cigarettes by panhandlers and the afore mentioned homeless people, then the Fremont Street Experience is a place you should definitely "experience". I was staying at the Golden Nugget, which is by far the nicest place in downtown. Every morning I would walk down and sit on the patio of the Starbuck's to enjoy my morning coffee. Out of the four mornings I did this, I got hit up for money 3 times from homeless people walking up Fremont Street. One guy didn't even bother to give me a sob story, he just said, "Give me some money; I'm hungry". To which I said, "Sorry, I only brought enough to buy my coffee with (I lied; so sue me!)". Most of these people generally have a descent story that usually involves needing money for bus fare or something. Speaking of buses, if you want to see something really "classy", then head down to the end of Fremont Street where you will find The Plaza Hotel and Casino. This place, and I'm not making this up, actually has a Greyhound bus terminal attached to the building. Wow!! I wonder if Jerry Sprenger has ever thought about taping his show here?Anyway, the other thing you have to watch out for with the homeless is hiding your cigarettes. It's like they have eagle-eye vision when it comes to smokes. I swear, every time I pulled one out of my pocket, a homeless guy from 100 yards away and across the street would make an instant b-line right to me. All of that aside, Fremont has the best gambling in Vegas (that's my opinion). It's more nostalgic, the casinos are smaller and easier to navigate, and the dealers are a lot friendlier and willing to help you out if you don't know something. Plus, the Golden Nugget has added some really cool new restaurants that are semi high-end. I don't think I could possibly stay anywhere else in Vegas.
1	One of the biggest waste of money ever! Downtown sucks! Let us not revive it Mayor Goodman. Sometimes, you just have to let go of the past. The Las Vegas Strip did.
4	The area that the Fremont Street Experience is located in is pretty sketchy, but the Viva Vision canopy LED screen was probably worth the paranoia I felt while walking there from 7th Street where I was parked (street parking free after 6 pm). The LED show I watched was the alien one. It was pretty impressive, but the Fremont Street Experience is really just a 10-15 minute experience.Parking is NOT free in the FSE parking building - something like $1 per half hour or $10 the whole day.Seems like the casinos here are a little more crowded in terms of the spacing between machines. I felt pretty claustrophobic in the Fremont Casino while trying to get to the restroom.I think FSE is fine for one visit, but not worth repeated visits like The Strip.
3	I don't know what's up with all the rumors of "ghetto" and "scary" and "dangerous" that fly around the streets of Las Vegas when it comes to Fremont St, but isn't anything like that at all.It was awesome seeing all of the old neon lights everywhere, nothing like what you get on the new strip. The overhead screen had an awesome show, and most of the casinos on Fremont have great drink prices. Can't spend TOO much time here, as there isn't loads to do, but it was fun for a bit.
4	Unfortunately we did not stay late enough to see the "LIGHT SHOW" they have towards the evening hour, but it was still quite a venture for some of us. The most notable would be the father was intrigued by how much has changed since his last visit to Las Vegas in the late 60s-early 70s. The gift shops here are cheaper than you would find on the Las Vegas strip(DUH!) and they offer complimentary 3 hour parking for those who dine or play at the casino.
2	Been there, done that. Checked that off the list. Wasn't impressed to say the least. We spent maybe an hour here and left quickly. I am hoping that the lights at night make it better but during the day you can actually see how disgusting and dilapitated everything is. The darkness hides it all. They did a wonderful job making this old part of town that was overshadowed by The Strip more tourist friendly but it is still the old part of town that is overshadowed by The Strip. Pass!
4	This is Old Vegas.  This is what you've seen in a jillion movies, old postcards, and TV Shows.  You can hear the Rat Pack soundtrack in your head as you wander amongst the Antique Neon Sign-Adorned Casinos.  You'll see Elvis.  He may be talking to a pile of walnuts in a corner, but he'll be there.  There are classic Neon signs on the sidewalk 'Neon Museum" which make for great photo-fodder.  The Casinos are smaller (and paid out better, in our experience!) and more "Vegas Tacky" less "Vegas Disney" than you'll find on the Strip.This is what I expected of Vegas when I arrived.  It reminded me of early 1980s Miami Beach, with the old Deco Style Buildings and the Neon Lights.  It's a must-see for any history, culture, or neon fans."This town is a make you town...Or a break you down and bring you down town..."
4	Coming back to Fremont Street for the first time since my childhood, I had an instant flashback to the car trips my dad made us take across the Western part of the country in our 1963 Rambler station wagon. Back then, one of the most vivid images was Vegas Vic when he used to swing his forearm to his head with his thumb sticking out. I can still hear him bellow, "Howdy, Pardner!" over and over again. When I came back here a couple of weeks ago, he didn't move, he didn't speak, his hat was cut off, and he was surrounded by a pedestrian mall. It was like visiting Vic in a rest home and finding out he could only eat farina and play Parcheesi. However, the bigger surprise was what a sparkling example the Fremont Street Experience shows itself to be of genuinely creative urban renewal, and the crowning achievement has to be the Viva Vision canopy and light show. Either that or the deep-fried Oreos and Twinkies at Mermaids Casino.The canopy towers ninety feet above the ground, spans the length of five football fields, and features more than twelve million LED modules and a 555,000-watt sound system. Yes, it's a mutha. In fact, it's so big that each show begins by turning off the lights on all of the casinos under the canopy including poor, old Vic. It's quite a sensory experience to see all the dazzling images projected onto the canopy set to Don McLean's "American Pie" or the "We Will Rock You/We Are the Champions" medley from Queen. For more details on the Fremont Street Experience, read the article from the prolific and insightful SF Travel Examiner ... http://www.examiner.com/x-515-SF-Travel-Examiner~y2010m1d28-A-weekend-in-Las-Vegas-Tripping-the-light-fantastic-with-the-Fremont-Street-Experience
3	So, I wasn't terribly impressed with the light show, but it was so much fun to see "old Vegas" in all its glory. It's worth the trip on The Deuce (which sucks!) just to see all the neon and to know that you're walking where so many gangsters have walked before you. A lot of fun for sure. Oh, and a bonus, there is a "gentleman's club" that features censored versions of women in different stages of undress. The images change and so do the words used to describe them, like "Whoops!" and "Shazaam!" We couldn't stop laughing.
4	This is the de-stress of Vegas, I think. Just stare up at the ceiling, enjoy the show! Or listen to the street music. Or watch performances. Or eat some fried candy. Or just walk around. It's fun and nice and you can relax. No need to stress.
4	Great place to see bums happy and dancing to American Pie.  Seriously, the best place to people watch.  Great to visit anytime, day or night.  I love how they are placing the old neon signs near the entrance to the experience.  The lights on all the old casino/hotels are still amazing to the day, after having visited Fremont about 1/2 dozen times now.  Worth a trip!
5	Wow! It is quite the experience! From all the old casinos, the eclectic neon signs, the street vendors, the LG light show, and my all time favorite Miss Yogi, the pimpstriss of the Fremont panhandlers/dancers. The light show was very impressive, we were there to experience the Apple Pie song by Don McLean and We will rock you by Queen. They do the light show every hour... but I'm not exactly sure what time it actually starts but it's really worth the wait!
5	Once again we find a must go to, when it comes to visitors. One of my many cousins was in town this weekend and fitting enough, he is from Reno. We took him to the strip and walked the mandalay bay and the the entire south end of the strip and then realized what a pain it is to have a good time and just walk around. So I suggested we venture over to the "EXPERIENCE"  Luckily enough I had my Footballs in the trunk and i knew we would enjoy ourselves. Now, this is no exageration.. We parked and walked out of the garage and onto the glowing street. His eyes lit up.. We found out that even though my footballs are from mermaids were they refill them for $4.00 for bud light or MGD, you can refill them at any drink stand on freemont street, so we went with the $6 Fosters refills.He kept saying that it reminds him of one giants pub crawl in Reno. He also got a kick out of being able to walk in the streets and to top it all off once the show started on the canopy he was canned and could not stop dancing around.. So now that I am writting this review I am not to sure that I am giving the 5 stars for the entertainment of Freemont street or if I am raiting How entertaining freemont street makes your guests.One more plus for people watchers like me.. This is the best place i have found so far hands down. Especially during Nascar weekend.
4	Light show to music at night, free concerts (we saw U2 cover band with a Bono look alike) at night, fair games, street vendors, fresh potato chips, casinos from divey to classy, Fremont has it all, (ok, more divey than classy, but there are at least SOME classy places now).  It's all packed into a half mile section, much unlike the strip.  I love that everything is really close.  If you get bored at one casino, or need to change up the mojo, the next one is a just across the walkway.  ABC stores (who needs to go to Hawaii for the Caramacs?!)  Don't mind the people past out at the slot machines and just don't wander more than a block away from the canopy of lights.  Fremont Street is classic Vegas.  Bright lights, cheap drinks, and gambling.  Don't get me wrong, I love the luxury of the newer hotels in Vegas, but Fremont is an experience that everyone should have at least once.
4	"People are strange when you're a strangerFaces look ugly when you're aloneWomen seem wicked when you're unwantedStreets are uneven when you're downWhen you're strangeFaces come out of the rainWhen you're strangeNo one remembers your nameWhen you're strangeWhen you're strangeWhen you're strange"  ~~~Jim Morrison & The Doorshttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/3xmfT7l3xNH5LK1dLzfvGw?select=bE473XEGR8LAmZsMZUnIvQBest show I've seen over the years!Going into town, I saw a billboard advertising a Queen retrospective and was all excited.   Hmph.....old billboard.  But this psychedelic offering with The Doors put aside my disappointment .  Loved it.There were two guys who had the right idea about viewing the show.They laid right down on the pavement in the middle of the walkway.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/3xmfT7l3xNH5LK1dLzfvGw?select=PpDB8ccNNiTgvKCUdaqj1QGot some free Mardi Gras beads.Enjoyed some live music.Held on to my purse tightly.
4	$2.00 Beers, live music, street vendors, lively crowd and a pretty decent light show....this place is very fun for a night. Look I paid 23.00 bucks to stay at the 4 Queens right there.  If you want fancy shmancy, go to THE Hotel or something upscale.  You cant take yourself to serious when you come down here.  Its low cost and therefore you going to be rubbing elbows with the value seekers.   Much more than a night would be a little much.  Its a great party street but I wish it was longer or just had more property.  We walked it for a while and then went to the Griffin for a bit.  It was a great time and look forward to our return.
4	I was one of the original writers for animated shows on the Fremont Street Experience. But that was a long time ago: 1998-2000. The show started in 2005.Having moved back to Las Vegas I had to see the new screen and catch a few shows. They're still cheesy! I love it! And people gather in the thousands. It's amazing to me how many people flock to the four-and-a-half block long light show.I even found myself snapping photos along with the crowd. Going recently brought back good memories and I had a wonderful time just chilling and watching the peoples' reactions. And there's free wifi at Krispy Kreme right beneath the light show!
5	Freemont Street beats the Strip hands down!...I used to love the Strip, however, the mega-resorts have destroyed the strip and I now find it completely boring.Contrast that with the high energy, mardi-gras party atmosphere of Freemont Street.I have to laugh at the people who wrote reviews calling Freemont street and the light show "Hokey and cheesy"...two words....Las Vegas.  Do you honestly think that the Strip with its mock Eifel tower and Statue of Liberty are less Hokey and Cheesy?....please.  ...You people obviously belong on the strip.  Leave Freemont street to the younger generation that want to have fun in Vegas.
3	It was definitely an experience :)We had decided to stay at the Golden Nugget for a day so that we could hang out at the pool and not have to worry about driving ALL THE WAY back home (20 minutes away to southwest Las Vegas haha).  It was about 1030 PM, we had just had dinner at the Chart House at the Golden Nugget and we had our 2-year old with us.  Fremont Street at night = definitely not kid friendly.  Too many drunk people, plus she was scared of the Kiss themed light show.The only reason we decided to bring her out there was so that she could run around for a bit and then pass out in the room.  FAIL. We hopped her up on deep fried oreos and let her run around, but she didn't go to bed for a good 2 hours after we got back to the room.OK. So the real reason we decided to venture out onto Fremont Street was the deep fried oreos.  Mermaids casino is the home of the $1 fried twinkies and oreos.  Unfortunately, they had run out of twinkies when I arrived and the oreos had been fried earlier and sitting for who knows how long.   Also, the older gentleman that took my order (1 twinkie 1 oreo) took it upon himself to change my order to 2 oreos since they were out of twinkies.  I didn't really mind.  At $1 per order and 4 oreos per order, who could really complain.Oreos (and sippy cup with milk from our dinner earlier) in hand we ventured up and down Fremont street.  Dotted with vendors and street performers....there was a lot going on.  As mentioned earlier, the daughter didn't really take to the whole Kiss-themed show, but she didn't mind the 60s acid trippy/70s hippie-themed show that started an hour later.  I guess the light show starts every hour on the hour and lasts 10-15 minutes.My boyfriend caught some guy shoplifting from an MMA-gear kiosk and the lady gave him 10% his purchase as a thank you. Cool.  Oh, and he was able to snag a picture with one of his idols: Prince.  Ok, so it was a Prince impersonator that was very flirty with the Rock Of Love guy impersonator....its Vegas. Correction: its DOWNTOWN Vegas.We ended our night in front of the Main Stage where a guy with a guitar was playing old rock.  There was a drunk, middle-aged woman dancing dead center of the plaza like it was Woodstock and like the dude was playing just for her.  There was also a grandpa dancing with his grand-daughter and that was cute (also made me feel a little less guilty for having my daughter out there).Bottom Line:I'm going to try to avoid taking my daughter here EVER again (especially after dark), but I hear they have a Farmer's market every week :/.  Perfect place to find cheap eats, cheap liquor and cheap women if that's what you're into.
4	This is "Old Vegas," and I'm not just talking about the landmarks...I'd say this is definitely a place for the elderly, unexcitable and those who are too cheap to stay on the Strip...I've always wanted to check this place out and I'm definitely glad we did, but don't know that it'll be on our list of priority places to visit during our next trip.It's basically the Strip to the one-tenth power...minus all the hot people and expensive hotels. The way it's decorated with like the neon lights and such makes me believe they are still stuck in the late 70's early 80's.
3	Cool place to see the original Vegas. Usually have entertainment in the evenings in the center. Tonight was rollergirls, if you go make sure you stop at one of the casinos( Four Queens, Fitzgeralds, Fremont) to cool off and maybe get a bit to eat. Worth seeing.
4	This is always fun to watch and a great little break from the Black Jack table.
3	This would be a 3.5 star place - Love the old vegas look, cheap prices, glittery light show, and more local feel.  99 cent frozen chocolate covered bananas are the bomb!  Hennessey's is a great value with really good food.  2 dollar blackjack!  Fresh donuts from Krispy Kreme!  Free shows (good and bad).Not in love with the rude people (but they're everywhere).  The casinos have low ceilings, which means lots of cigarette smoke lingering.  Wouldn't walk far from the light show, but plenty of security on the strip itself.In general, it's a good contrast to the mega-corporate new strip, doesn't have the awesome food, but doesn't have the awe-inspiring prices either.  A lot of fun for the right reasons.  Just a matter of what you're in the mood for.Just remember:  Vegas is about fun - and the Fremont Street Experience packs a lot of it into a 3.5 short blocks.
4	Finally checked out the Fremont st area! Yes its kind of ghetto but Just walking around and seeing the older looking casinos is different and enjoyable. I actually won at more of the slot machines here than on the strip! We came here after eating AYCE sushi so I was too full to even drink at this point. Too bad cause there seem to be a lot more alcky deals here haha. Next time I'll reserve one night to party in downtown las vegas!
2	Honestly unless you like cheap ass piss beer, $15 daiquiris, fried food and a cheesy light show I suggest you stay strip bound.  IMHO DT is just hype.  Sure it's cool if it's your first visit check it out, but I would much rather party on the strip where there is a lot more to do.
3	This used to be SO impressive.Now it's gotten kind of......meh.Sometimes I seriously wish Fremont St. would be open to traffic again. Because I have always wanted to take a drive down Fremont but it hasn't been possible since 95. I LOVE Fremont St., I really do. Everything's much closer together than it is on the Strip, there tends to be really interesting things going on and I just love the roughness and grit of the old school Vegas casinos(places like the Palazzo and Wynn are just BORING to me). I just wish it wasn't such a tacky tourist trap with overpriced kiosks sellin' stuff that ain't any good. But I still love going here regardless so what can I say?Tip: Do something useful with Neonopolis please.
4	This was a fun experience. Nothing like walking down a street in the middle of the night with a drink in your hand and getting to take a picture with a black female elvis. All kinds of crazy fun to be had. There was a bar with a cage/pole dancer right inside the door to lure you in to their casino. Smart. I didnt see anything like that on the strip. The hotels on the strip just lure you in with airconditioning. There were street performers, venders, friendly drunks, and even a gypsy that read my palm. I saw mermaids in wiggle skirts and there was music and people dancing and a live band playing on one end. The light show was cancelled because of the band I guess. So I missed it. They were showing a close up view of the band instead on the ceiling. But had a whole bunch of fun nonetheless. (minus a star because i missed the light show)
5	Pretty lights, free shows, alcohol flowing like water and people ready to party. That's what I'm talking about.
5	You haven't done VEGAS right if you haven't done FREMONT STREET baby!When I think of Las Vegas, I don't think of the "Hang Over"...I think of Classic 80's Movies that feature Fremont Street...I think of HONEY I SHRUNK THE KIDS (Blew Up the Kids) Movie...I think of the big neon COWBOY and the Golden Nugget...I think of the Mase & Puff Daddy Music Video....I don't think LAS VEGAS BLVD. There is no pure & classic feel there.Now FREMONT street... that's just pure sweet Las Vegas baby, old school! Lights, Camera Action! Cheap Booze, Cowboy Hats, Elvis, 80's & 50's Hair Do's, Live Entertainment and just good pure old fashion drunk fun.It's worth the $20 cab ride to Downtown Vegas. DO IT!
4	After all of the times I've been to Vegas, I've only just now gone to see the Fremont Street Experience.  I always hear about its epic light show that is shown on its ceiling, and the awesome performances that take place til the early morning.  If you need a break from the Strip, Fremont Street offers a wonderful alternative.Walking down with fellow friends and Yelpers (including Francis C. and Christine G), I was immediately attracted to the huge screens above my head and the people dancing all across the street.  When it struck the hour, we stopped and watched the seizure-inducing lights flash above us.  Was it trippy?  Hell yes.This summer it's back to the 80s, so the many performances on its multiple stages have artists performing many of your favorite oldies.  Nothing like rocking out to the classics!Along the street, you'll find miscellaneous booths selling souvenirs, and of course, novelty drinks!  If you walk a little deeper into Fremont Street, you'll find the same deliciously frozen, alcoholic smoothies for a lot cheaper ($10 right near Golden Nugget).  So be patient!  You'll get your buzz going soon enough.Overall, I enjoyed my trip down Fremont Street, and will definitely visit again when I want to avoid the traffic and distance of the Strip.  There's plenty to see, and a couple of places to take touristy photos if you wish.
2	All I have to say is this place is not for everyone, and depends on if the mood strikes you.  It's a lot to take for me.  I think it's cool, don't get me wrong.  I just think I needed to be a little bit sloppy drunk to enjoy it.....I do have to confess that I had deep fried Oreo here. My friend even had the deep fried Twinkies - that's just tooo much!The live concerts are entertaining but I don't think I will do this again.
1	We went to The Fremont Experience thinking that we'd have a good time.We were wrong.Parking in a ghetto ass parking garage is free for the first 3 hours with casino validation.Once we started walking, we saw about 8 crackheads.  We even saw a drug deal happen right before our eyes.  This place is depressing.  There are a lot of people here who look like they are down on their luck and just down on their lives. I went on a Sunday afternoon, but I still didn't feel safe.  I felt like  I was going to get robbed or get some disease just by being there.It's sad to see this side of Las Vegas.  Even though it's the "original" Downtown Las Vegas, it looks like they don't even take care of it anymore.  I got that eerie feeling that there's death all over the place - kind of like when you're at a cemetery with all the head stones and it's foggy - THAT feeling.There is cheap food here, but there are also places on the Strip that have the same kinds of deals.It's worth a trip here, just to see how bad it is.  But make up your own mind if you want to come back.  I probably will come back only ONE more time - at night to see the sky show.PROS: Air conditioned underneath the little roof thing, and there's cheap food.CONS: EVERY DAMNED THING ELSE!!!!Stay away! Unless you're curious to see how bad things are here.  Also, the drive from the Strip will show you some abandoned places.DEPRESSING - I think I lost a year or two off my natural life just by visiting this place!
4	Downtown Vegas just gets better with age! The Freemont Street Experience is a lot of fun! The street is blocked off to traffic which is great and the atmosphere is party, party, party! There are lots of fun little casino's, shopping, drinking and awesome shrimp cocktail at The Golden Gate...YUM!!! There was great live music and a heart stopping motorcycle act! We had a fabulous time... go downtown!!!
2	I've been here a few times and I dont think I will be going back. This place is a complete tourist trap. The light show is boring, the music is old. The hotels on freemont street have seen better days. I say see it once and never go back. I am done with this place.
3	Okay, we finally decide to leave a review for Fremont Street Experience after about 5 visits.Let me tell you, this is a hit or miss experience. DO NOT JUDGE THIS PLACE BY READING JUST THE REVIEWS ON HERE. Go for yourself, and make up your OWN decision. Of the 5 times we went, we've only had a good time about twice. The other three were.......uhhh.....umm....unexplainable. We saw various situations from drug addicts who just shot up, got bugged for change, just released convicts asking me for beer money and just plain out weird fu*ks. We've felt unsafe at times when you walk back to your car since there are no securities around whatsoever on the streets and there are creeps everywhere.The good experience was fantastic. There are free concerts, live entertainment and the good old school Las Vegas vibe. We had a blast. Don't be afraid. Just give it a shot and maybe you'll get lucky and have a good experience. Just choose where you park wisely, get alert when you feel like something is wrong and don't wear/bring anything that is or may LOOK expensive to be safe.
3	The shows are always good and they always change. the street performers are sometimes annoying but could be good, that is a hit or miss. The best thing about this is that you can gamble real cheaply here and when the show starts, grab your chips and run out to the street. I have seen 4 different shows here and they are all pretty much the same stuff. It's not the experience above that you look for, it's the experience of people watching and interacting that you watch for near the downtown area. Some of the bars are REAL cheap so that is a good thing.
5	Finally! Something that isn't contrived! Our evening on Fremont was the highlight of the trip. We ate deep fried oreos in skanky casinos, watched some seriously talented young kids dancing, listened to a great band, and bought booze from a street vendor. This was a genuine party atmosphere with twinkly lights, and great music, and some actual social fun. The overhead show is amazing, and just so cool. It is hard to get off the strip and get all the way to Fremont, but what a worthwhile evening out. If it wasn't for the extra $100 in limo fare it would have cost our group we would have been there the second night too. I still dream of deep friend Oreos... ahhhhh.
2	After wiping the scent of dead strippers and hobo urine off my shoes, I've gather the intestinal fortitude to write about this nasty little corner of Vegas. Before I continue, I would like to add that this place may be better during the night... when you can't tell that the buildings are falling apart or that the place just smells like urinal cakes.Don 't get me wrong, there are some worthwhile things to see. Vegas Vic is down there (the neon cowboy, +1 star for him alone). His arm doesn't move anymore, but he is still chillin' on the side of the building. The Golden Nugget and the Fitzgerald Casinos are on Fremont Street also. There are tons of street vendors and cheap food. However, once you step inside the casinos and smell the scent of stale beer and cigar smoke that has been soaking into the stalagmites hanging from the ceiling... you might think twice about eating at these establishments.
5	ooohmmmyyygooooodnessss..... I am in LOVE with this place. I would come here every night if I could. Cheap drinks. Drunk people. PEOPLE WATCHING!They play the same lame VIVAVISION shows every night on the hour, depending on the hour. They have live music depending what season it is, last summer was Summer of the 70s??? I think.. and this coming October (starting now actually) is OKTOBERFRIGHTFEST. Everyone needs to come here at least once. It is such an experience. The gift shops, street vendors, street ...performers?, the mullets, the police, live music, the shows, getting to see yourself on the screen above, 24 hour Starbucks, krispy kreme.... and getting some BEADS!! The list is endless. The casinos don't seem very sanitary because of the large amount of people, but one place to relieve myself I find very clean and tidy is the Golden Nugget's restroom. Be sure to stay after 11pm because at the beginning of Fremont Street, a DJ sets up and plays some "clubbin" pop music. You can join in and dance, or just watch the silly people grind on each other. Be sure to come here whether you are a local or a visitor. It's fun. Also, don't forget about the lovely food options that lie also make Fremont Street unique.
5	In my all years living here, I've never gone to the Strip on New Year's Eve, but I've gone here twice- the crowd's not as crazy or rowdy as the one on the Strip; some are drunk, but they are not jumping off light poles into the crowd (and it's smaller, more manageable). These five blocks of massive light displays have turned this once-seedy location (hookers and homeless) into a tourist mecca. It's exciting. There are lots of free performances on multiple stages.We came here this past saturday night because we went to dinner with friends at Mickie Finnz. There was a heavy Metro presence (the most I've seen here anyway) along with many motorcycle enthusiasts- yes, the biker women were clad in leather vests (but not wearing bras). We saw 'The Doors" light show (so many different ones now). We also saw Frank and the Steins performing in full zombie makeup and costumes (changes)- "Thriller" and 'The Monster Mash" were the most notable songs performed. Their dance for "Thriller" was excellent. Performances 3x nightly. The other group of people, besides tourists here, were the characters- there was Elvis in a white jumpsuit (meh), Iron Man (really cool, my husband liked it), two members of Kiss (wearing super tall platformed boots), an older, short and stocky Wonder Woman (funny), a Storm Trooper (cool). We saw Carl "Safe Sax" Ferris- a fan of this smooth jazz performer for years; even have one of his cd's. He used to be situated at the farthest end of FSE, near the Las Vegas Club (home of the best shrimp cocktail at $1.99). My husband refers to him as a "white guy with soul" (other examples: Michael McDonald). Anyway, he can be likened to be the local version of Richard Elliot for all you smooth jazz lovers (like me). There was a couple dancing to the sexy sounds. There are some other notable things around like the ABC store, Krispy Kreme, the various kiosks (lots of different vendors- fortune teller, t-shirts, bags, other novelties), the spray paint artist always has a huge crowd (the artist seems to be a different one each time). The show girls always garner lots of attention. People take pictures with them. One of the casinos features deep fried twinkies and deep dried oreos.
3	The light experience at night is cool, but this place isn't much of an "experience" during the day.  It reminds me of how the rest of the strip used to be in the 90's with waaay too many people hustling you for deals to travel to the Grand Canyon or take this or that bus, or visit this or that girls show.  What's worse is the prices aren't so great either, and if I'm going to pay $6 for a Guinness I'd rather just have it in one of the newer hotels on the southern part of the strip.  Oh well.
4	We always have fun at Fremont...cheap beer and cheap entertainment. This is where I make up for most of the money I loose on the strip... I have great luck at the blackjack tables.
2	Lots of people watching, especially drunk people.  Saw a fight start but then it was broken up.It's interesting.  Probably something everyone should see at least once if they're in the area.So you get a few random performances amongst drunken and homeless people.
3	Fun until gangs started to fight. But Metro showed up immediately with a large presence, so we felt safe. This is a must-see when in Vegas, but if you are out late at night, as we were, just be a tad extra vigilant about your surroundings.
4	Another great FREE attraction in Vegas.  This is definitely an "experience".  It includes the old vegas casinos, feathered-show girl ladies, $0.99 shrimp cocktails, and fried foods (oreos, twinkies, and more).  We "ate our way" down the street and enjoyed people watching.You can't miss the main attraction, a light show on the ceiling/canopy over the street.  The canopy will light up and people will stop and stand in the middle of the street to watch the show.
2	I remember being wowed by this after it had just opened. We used to enjoy watching it. Now it's really just kinda boring. Maybe it's one of those things that you have to do once. The crowd is a bit sketchy. Lots of celebrity impersonators walking around, but none were particularly friendly. Mostly just scam artists like on the sidewalks of NYC. Same exact thing. Preying on naive tourists from the midwest. If you seem the slightest bit street savvy, they walk away really fast. Had a few stage shows set up which were okay. One was a band, the other a magician. I always enjoy the casinos on Fremont Street. One of my favorite places to gamble.
4	What can I say about Fremont Street? Well I have had some amazing good times here on several occasions. I always bring my friends from out of town here and they love it. Who wouldn't? They have cheap drinks, free entertainment and some of the best people watching in Vegas. We love to mess with the holy rollers w/the giant signs..that never gets old. I always look forward to a trip downtown to the old Fremont Street Experience!
3	It's been a while since I've been on Fremont Street.  Came here the other day to check out the new Zipline attraction (separate review for that here http://www.yelp.com/biz/fremont-street-flightlines-las-vegas#hrid:Ym-pbDyo5N79ZZHAIJPuLQ ).  Here's my breakdown:PROS- You can walk around from casino to casino.- There are always cool events & concerts during holidays.- Cheap drinks & food.- Cheesy FREE light show on the canopy.- Cheesy carnival atmosphere with vendors doing crazy things to get your attention.....sort of like a sterile Venice Beach.CONS- There's a lot of shady people Downtown.  Watch your belongings....especially if you're looking up watching the light show.- Parking.  Most places make you pay for parking, unless you're a guest of the hotel.After this recent trip, I was reminded of how much I use to enjoy this area.  Before I got married my friends and I would come down here for cheap eats and drinks.  Now, we rarely come here.....it's lost it's appeal with me.Will I return?  I definitely will for the Ziplines but won't run out of the house to come back.
2	Shady part of town. Sure, you can look up at the light show while someone lifts your wallet....The zip line seemed cool. But it seems sad that they need to add something like this to get people to come down here. Plus, you have to pay for parking....in a desert? No good.
2	We were at Freemont Street on Halloween and let's just say lots of freaks out. The large video screen was cool but I was over it the first time I saw it. There are shops and casinos everywhere. We tried a buffet that was pretty nasty down there. Can't remember the name. This was the place I felt the most uneasy in Vegas. Didn't feel that way at all on the strip. The part I liked the best was watching people zip lining over our heads. I was tempted to do it but was too tired. There was just lots going on and it was super crowded. I could take it or leave it.
4	Fremont Street is something to at least do once. You are in the old part of Vegas with cheap drinks and table games. Lots of celebrity impersonators and great people watching. Light show is great, changes pretty often.
5	Wow, they've really been changing things down on ole Fremont St.!  It seems to be where most of my tourist friends feel they've 'found Vegas'.  It has the lights, the music, the showgirls, the cheap eats, the electric atmosphere... and to top it off, a recent pulley system that'll zoom you across the top of all the excitement.  I recommend hitting up the La Bayou for the frozen daiquiris (they're stronger than they taste people) and the ABC store for cool, inexpensive treats.  The California hotel has good oxtail soup and the souvenir shops in the area carry some of the best prices. :)Have fun!See ya there!
5	Fremont Street is quintessential Vegas. It's awesome Vegas. It is where I go as a local when I am a) bored, b) broke, c) want to laugh at tourists, d) need to get my weekly fill of crazy, and/or e) am playing a game of photo safari (tourist in a Hawaiian shirt with a fanny pack and child up way past his/her bedtime are always found here).First of all, it's where Vegas began. Fremont Street was home to Vegas's 1st hotel, 1st installed telephone, 1st gaming license, 1st paved street, 1st traffic light, 1st elevator, etc., etc. I'm betting it was probably also home to Vegas's 1st "Jesus sin protestor" - those crazies that you can only find on Fremont dressed up like Jesus carrying signs about how we are all going to hell for gambling. So yeah, Fremont is historical. And that's what I keep telling all my old relatives visiting from out-of-town when I drag them out of the Wynn and Bellagio and take them down to the neon glory that is Fremont.Secondly, it's just freakin' awesome. Mermaid show girls, Jesus protestors, Elvi, fried twinkies, yard-long frozen margaritas, so much neon you could go blind, $0.25 roulette, $1 blackjack - this is what you come to Vegas for.Third, you can actually walk Fremont, unlike the Strip. It's covered and relatively short.Fourth, the actual Fremont Street Experience, which is the show - the canopy of lights. Ok, sure, it's usually pretty awful, but it's totally fabulous at the same time. Just marvel at it - the sheer technological feat. Hint: best viewing spot isn't in the middle - stand at one end of Fremont or the other and look down.Fifth, the restored neon signs. If you love old, classic Vegas, you know these signs - and you can get all up close and personal with them.And finally, it's a super-short walk to Downtown Cocktail Room, The Griffin, Beauty Bar, etc.Don't ever dare dis Fremont. It's where all that is Vegas began. And did I mention how awesome it is?
4	This is a fun tourist destination that is a must visit in downtown Las Vegas. There are tons of vendors selling all kinds of things. The most interesting thing to watch are the painters who spray paint these spectacular paintings right before your eyes. There is live music nightly and the light show that plays at night on the LG awning. Be prepared, it can get pretty packed with a ton of people. You can walk in and out of all the downtown casinos. They just recently added a zip lining place as well. They have a Walgreens and ABC Store too in case you need to pick up a few things. You never know who you will see on this street, there are a ton of impersonators and all kinds of crazy characters. Have fun but be aware of your surroundings.This is a free attraction and a must see on your top list of things to do when visiting Las Vegas.Viva Vision show times are every hour on the hour from 8:30 p.m. - midnight. ^_^*~
5	When you get tired of the normal Vegas experience, it's time to branch out and go back in time to old school Vegas.The Freemont Street Experience is just that and, like myself, it only gets better with age.The show starts at dusk and various shows start on the hour every hour until about midnight.  Check the schedule online for the different light shows/artists available.Tons to see while you're waiting for a show-- street artists, those people that spray pain themselves silver and stand still, homeless people, shops with junk that you will buy and then later say 'hu?'  It's all work it.  The show is free, the parking about a dollar an hour in the parking garage.  You can take some awesome pictures, definitly very memorable.  I wouldn't walk there, take a cab, the bus or figure something else out as this is not a part of town I would want to wonder around aimlessly in the dark.  And come on, your feet are killing you anyways if you're doing Vegas right.
5	Who would have thought Freemont st out of all places would be jumping but it was!From the live shows to the light show to the drinks I love this placeWe pretty much came up on a free party & had more fun than expectedThey had a girl on one of the stage that dj'd/danced/ and got therefore drunk crowd hypeThey had another stage that had a dude & 2 girls singing Christmas songs but they were boringThe light show was way cool, they played Queen 'we will rock you' while the show was too cool it was also cool  to see how many drunk people start to dance & come together as one once the music started The guy at the drink stand hooked us up with free shots to go along with our tall drinks..oh yeaMy gf even did the zip line that takes you across the entire st of freemont & you can buy a pic of yourself on it as you fly across the airThis is the spot if you don't want to be caught up in all the overpriced hype the strip has to offer
5	I'm a sucker for anything cheese-ball and Vegas-y. Fremont street is always my first place to take guests in the evening because it just screams VEGAS if you ask me. I feel like a giddy tourist as I walk around and gawk and soak in the local flavor. Some of my favorite things:*The "Safe Sax": Um a Kenny G wanna be who wears head to toe fur coats in the winter with a full-on curly mullet ??? If you're into 80's saxophone sounds, this guy is your man. I can't help but stop and smile everytime we come across him.*Last Christmas (possibly every year?) they brough in a full on ice rink and placed it in the middle of the street. Every hour there were ice dancing shows with 8 or so goofy ice skaters jumping around and stuff. Have a few shots at the View Bar at the Fitz and watch these guys - I promise you'll be entertained!Yup, Fremont Street to me is everything Vegas should be. Tacky, ridiculous, and wildly entertaining!
5	if you want to see it all , go there at night . they have every thing. people making crafts , paintings , outside bars , outside concerts ... people dress up in the strangest costumes and for a fee will take picture .
3	This is the place to come for cheap souvenirs, but don't buy the first things you see because all the shops will have the same things for varying prices. Also, do your research on the strip because in some cases, Walgreens was selling the same items for cheaper than some of the Freemont St. shops. Overall worth if it is your first time in Vegas but I much prefer the strip. I'd never stay in any of these hotels. It just feels "old."
4	Fremont Street Experience is one of those 'you gotta do this before you leave Vegas' things in my opinion. It's old Vegas, pretty tacky but lots of history.... And everything is either free or crazy cheap. There is an abundance of inexpensive booze, often sold in plastic footballs or yard glasses, lots of vendors selling everything from cheap Vegas souvenirs to spray paint artwork to your name on a piece of rice. And the people watching can not be beat. Drunk tourists face-planting on the sidewalk... religious freaks with huge signs... unsuspecting men trying to score with working girls... And that's just on a typical night! A lot of different events are held down on Fremont, from free concerts to holiday parties (St. Patrick's Day is a blast).A free light show displayed every hour or so on the canopy that covers the few blacks that make up the FSE. The show itself is pretty lame, older classic rock and cheesy graphics. Bands perform on the stages that are under the canopy most weekends, those shows tend to be far more entertaining.  It's been a while since I have been down to Fremont, I hope to make it down there again soon to try out the ziplines!
3	It is place if you are in Vegas for more than 3 days you should check out. Great place to people watch extremely drunk over 40's and hobos. But cheap drinks and cheap tables a plenty. There are great niche local bars in east Fremont.
4	I like the Fremont Street Experience.  It's kind of corny, but it's a great place to people watch as you keep your fingers on your wallet.  I was there for Elvis Week when they had the competition to see who was the best Elvis impersonator.  Nothing screams Las Vegas like a Cadillac convertible leading 20+ Elvi down Fremont Street to the area where a special stage had been set up.  It was a hoot.Saturday nights are fun, too, because there are a number of men and women who dress up so you can get your photo taken with them for a tip.  Examples:  the band KISS, an Elvira-like, boot wearing lovely dresses in black with wonderful high heel black boots and a set of black wings.  Add this in with the guys holding the signs that 9/11 was an inside job and you have the First Amendment at its finest.The light show itself doesn't grab me like it used to.  Maybe I've just seen it too many times.  Still, I enjoy watching tourists watching the show and gauging their reaction.Fremont Street is another great, free thing that Las Vegas has to offer.
3	After a rather bad dinner at the Main Street Garden buffet, I couldn't yet bear to navigate all the DT street construction back to the strip so suggested to the man-child we go to Fremont to give him his first glimpse. Figured he knew better but just in case, told him to try and avoid "damp" spots on the sidewalks - he already knew and as he was explaining that to me, with perfect timing we passed a guy relieving himself against a casino wall. Oh the joys of DT. One pan handlers and  two working girls later, we made it.  Man-child was impressed with the quality and variety of people-watching available. Amused when he was approached and asked for money and upon declining to do so was told to "fuck off". I wasn't able to hear that but when I looked over and also refused to donate, was wished a "Merry Xmas" which further amused the m-c. Described to him what the area had been like in the day before it was drastically altered. Gave him the PG versions of my adventures (especially with one of his aunties)  and though he can't quite imagine us in those circumstances, it was fun to go down memory lane.Glad he saw it but don't expect we'll be back anytime soon. Miss the old days....
3	I can't believe how much this place has changed over the last few years.  I love the shows and how they update over the months.  The tourists are distracting.  I don't especially like the skanky pretend show girls (I now  know where all the tramps hang out in Vegas) or the sad looking street performers (the several Elvis impersonators need to shave and wash their costumes - fat wonderwoman is just sad - and other people look just like they are begging for money).  I like the open concerts and all the lights.
4	Have made 2 trips to Vegas and both times we made sure to go downtown 1 night.  On our last trip we played a lot at 4 Queens, while popping out onto the street at the top of every hour to see the video show.  Very cool.  The 3 we saw this time were Queen, KISS, and Led Zeppelin.  You'll also see various impersonators walking up and down the street.  I got a cool picture with Charlie Chaplin and Dale Earnhardt Sr.  If you take a picture with them, please tip!
2	What a dump!   Granted I went here in the daytime, but after having strolled the south strip this place seemed like a cheap tacky relic of history.  I think there were equal numbers of homeless vagrants and tourists--one had bubblewrap and tin foild wrapped around his head.  A sad looking spongebob character strolled around talking to the old hippies while girls in ugly mermaid suits looked bored and listless.  Bunch of shops selling crap and old casinos that did not seem to appeal at all from the outside except for the historical value and the old signs.  Made for some nice pictures but I don't see how this is exciting unless perhaps I came back at a more hopping time.
3	Good music, and sound system! Interesting characters always hanging out around here....enjoyyyy
5	Ditto Blair B:I'm a sucker for anything cheese-ball and Vegas-y. Fremont street is always my first place to take guests in the evening because it just screams VEGAS if you ask me. I feel like a giddy tourist as I walk around and gawk and soak in the local flavor.
4	Viva Las Excess!  That was my first thought after watching the show.  More than a 1/4 mile of lights, crossing the width of the street, 90 feet up is really quite something.  Wow, Las Vegas brings in a ****ton of money!It should seem cheesy, but it's actually very enjoyable.Once an hour, these lights go off via millions of lightbulbs (now LED bulbs) go off overhead with an accompanying soundtrack.  It changes on a regular basis and involves firework type transitions for about 10 minutes.It's really quite dazzling and was part of an attempt (that I feel failed) revitalize the downtown of Vegas.  You still have some fun casinos in the area (The Golden Nugget and Binion's) that have good late night poker (a tourney for the Nugget, 1-2 no limit at Binion's), but I just don't see spending a lot of time here except if the rooms were somehow way cheaper than on the strip, if you like the history, or if you just want something a little quieter and out of the way than the usual hubub of The Strip.I think if in Vegas, this little show is good enough (and strange enough) that it's worth checking out at least once.  After that, if you like it go again, but it's just so strange, even in the context of Vegas, that I feel it's almost a wasted trip if you miss it.It does live up to the title of "Experience."
5	I love the Fremont Street Experience! The strip has more than it's share of notable attractions of course, but I'm a sucker for a three-block-long, insanely outrageous video screen with varying light shows (and killer sound) that are both cheesy and great at the same time. Who would build such a thing? It's like a bad movie that everyone loves (the actual "experience" really defies description - you just have to see it for yourself!). Add to that the variety of tourists, the live bands and stunt shows, the frosty beverages and the gritty downtown environment and its well worth the trip to L.V. even without visiting the strip. It is also nice to be able to walk from one casino to the next. The Golden Nugget is spectacular and the others are good to ok!
4	this place was cool, my Girl friend and I were tourist and honestly I loved the light show, isn't the best part of vegas neighbor hood wise, but then again you always see a crackhead here or there. Definitely a must see...
3	I have been here a few times and each time, I am liking it less and less. The sky show is cool, I will admit that, but everything else is just ok. The casinos are dirty, the people that roam the street are usually rude and it just isn't a pleasant experience. The only real thing that I liked here was the cheap blackjack. It was easy to find the $5 tables. I like blackjack but I don't think I am good enough yet to have to bet $15 or $20 a hand like in all of the big casinos. This is a good place for beginners. Of the casinos I visited there, the Golden Nugget was by far the best. If I had to go to Fremont Street again, I would hang around there. For the experience, I give it three stars if you have never seen it. After that, things don't get much better.
3	A trip to Vegas wouldn't be complete without a stop here to see the show. As many times as I've done it, I've never seen the same show twice. You can get a deep fried twinkee or a footer to sip on and enjoy the carnival atmosphere. Parking is free, but don't walk the side streets alone. I did once and was approached (in daylight) All turned out OK - but I won't make that mistake again.They've added a zip line and I saw coupons for $10. Looked fun.
3	I was pretty freaked out to go here.  Luckily we went during the day when the CRAZIES weren't out yet.  I mean hey there were crazies but not like i'm gonna chase you down and piss on you crazy.  The surrounding may be less than sparkles and glitter, but i somewhat enjoyed our little trip to fremont.  It allowed us to get away from the strip and play on machines that still pay out coins!! I also scored some deep fried twinkies and deep fried oreos for a buck!!
4	Great!  If you go to vegas make it a must to go to fremont street at night for the light show!  It's truly amazing and worth it!
4	I have been to Fremont Str twice so far. Once at the Halloween night and once after Christmas. I must say it was really crowded on Halloween, but hey that was what I had expected. I LOVE that big overhead screen. The second time I was there they had a really nice show with the song "American Pie - Madonna" running on there. I personally didn't like the live bands so much that night, just not my taste of music. If you are looking for a fun night indoors in some old casinos or outdoors with some visual entertainment over your head, this is the right place to go. The area is not the best part of the town and I wouldn't recommend anybody to go there during the day and also not to walk the side streets alone.
2	I just didn't see all the glitz it was hyped up to be. I mean it wasn't a horrible experence but I have come across much better ways to spend time in Vegas.
4	FIRST TIME IN VEGAS!!! I had just turned 21 when my boyfriend and I went to Havasu on a greyhound for Thanksgiving :) Having a 4 hour layover in Vegas was nothing to complain about being that the Fremont St. Experience is just around the corner from the station!NO dealing with parking, we just strolled over there tired and grimy from the worst of the public transportation systems...this calls for a drink!!In the morning you really got to see the addiction, the run down, the hopeless, and the homeless...which oddly enough made it a little more fun to be virtually the only sane and semi-sober one in most of the casino's at 9am....WOOOO VEGAS!!! I loved the overhead screen, the crazy dancing that shows the party really doesn't stop here...not the most exciting part of Vegas I'm sure but hey it was a fun little teaser and I can't wait to go back!!
4	I love coming down here to "people watch" and walk around with a cocktail. Especially now that weather is so nice, I'll be visiting more often.This night we came out to see the Vegas StrEATS festival, and it was a lot of fun. Free entry, cool food trucks, artists, music, etc.
4	Seaoned traveller or first timers will throughly enjoy the Fremont Street Experience!  There is definitely something for everyone, from the gambler, to the thrill seeker (they have zip lining!!), to the shopper (bargain souviers compared to the strip) and artists alike!The feel of downtown really reminds me of New Orleans...the street fair vibe.  Tattoo shops sprinkled with bars...artists on the street trying to make a few bucks.  You should definitely check out the guys spray painting the Las Vegas skyline on paper.  It's as classic as getting your name written in Chinese in Times Square!I've been to Vegas a half dozen times and this was my first time down on Fremont...my friends that are locals love to hang out here on a Saturday night.  If you're in the area, be sure to stop by.
5	Considering that I've been spending more time around the area, I suppose I should actually get into all the details of why I love the Fremont Street Experience.It's the oldest part of Vegas (come to think of it, it actually IS Vegas - The Strip in all actuality is really Clark County), and is one of the few areas that doesn't seem to have Vegas' famous history destroying wrecking ball constantly looming over it like the Eye of Sauron.  It's full of classic hotel/casinos, shops, bars.... You name it, they got it.  They even used to have a shopping center (Neonopolis) that had a movie theater and other things, but that died an unimpressive and choking death.I still tend to think of Vegas as "bright lights, big city", with all the neon and flashy bulbs. The Strip is slowly becoming less and less of that, but not Fremont!  They even have a few vintage signs around the area courtesy of the Neon Museum.  It's pretty to look at, and everything is so close together, it's one big light show.That's another thing: Closeness.  You can casino hop by just crossing the street, completely drunk, and not get lost, or feel unsafe.  Some of the casinos, like Golden Nugget, are just classy and beautiful.  Some things have closed due to tough economic times, but are set to reopen(!) soon after getting renovated.  They've really been cleaning up the area, and it shows.The place itself is full of personality, street painters, musicians, and costumed mascot characters walk up and down the area.  Some of the costumed folk are a bit... well, not so great, but a run in with an Elvis impersonator is all but guaranteed, and a dwarf Mr. T?  Astounding!And there's also fun to the ghetto parts.  Some bars you go in just to get plowed, or consume cheap fried food. There's a strip club (which I can't vouch for), but the signs above, with sayings like "Zounds!", and "Gadzooks!", are funnier than they should be.If you don't want ghetto casino bars, the area also hosts some of the coolest eclectic bars in all of Vegas.  Fremont Street East has got a ton of unique, quality bars, and is becoming more and more my hotspot.There's also other entertainment.  The zipline going across over half the area is fun and a must do, and then there's the lightshow.  It's fun to watch at least once.  Past that, or if you live here, when the lights go down, it's like navigating a sea of drunken zombies.  None move, they all look up, and they are impossible to get around without some quick thinking.Cheap, fun, trashy, cool, alive, vintage, quirky, unique, flashy, and fascinating are all words that come to mind when playing at Fremont Street.  It's simultaneously a gaudy tourist wonderland, and home to some of the coolest, non-pretentious spots around.  You go to the Strip to impress and been seen.  You come to Fremont Street to just have fun.Whatever your excuse, it's always nifty.
4	Went during the week and probably had the most fun of any night in Vegas. If you're tired of paying cover charges to get into clubs that suck and taking cabs to places that are packed beyond capacity, go here after 8pm. From 8-12 there is a 4 block long street fair. Live performances, casinos, bars, vendors and activities line the street. If you drive there, park at the casinos and have them validate at the cage.
3	Check this out once, and never go again. The light show is pretty sick, but doesn't warrant a round two. During the day, all you hear is screaming as people ZIP by on the zip-lines overhead. Its a mall where you can buy the cheapest las vegas junk around. If you are in the market for touristy souvenirs, this is the place you want to be. Its cheaper than the strip.
4	This section of Vegas is a different kind of fun from the newer strip to the south but it is a place you must check out.  We went on a Friday night and there were plenty of very talented street artists, equally impressive go-go dancers, an extremely busy set of zip lines above your head down the extent of the street, and plenty of Vegas-style street personalities.  You will miss our alot if you don't check this section of Vegas out.  It's comfortable, entertaining, and a kick-in-the-pants.Read all about it:  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fremont_Street_Experience
4	Better odds than the Strip, cheaper tables than the Strip, and copious amounts of ugly people to make you feel better about yourself.  What's not to love?Apart from the fact that I NEVER seem to win down here, we still go by for a visit every trip.  Parking sucks in the fact that most places charge money (can get a 3-hour validation, but after that you're charged.)
3	A must see, most bizarre aspect of Las Vegas.  Get a glimpse of old Vegas too by viewing all the closed casinos and hotels along the way.  Ever want to zip line over the heads of drunks, fools and children?  Now's your chance!  Want to drink PBR and watch a 90lb girl in a bikini and furry boots DJing?  Here's your spot!
3	Who knew old slot machines still exist? If you're looking for one of those older slot machines and spit out change, that don't exist in most places anymore... definitely hit up Fremont street! I forgot which casino I went to, but there were a few that were like that. The last time I seen those was 6 years ago. Technology these days makes me feel old. geez. Anyways, back on topic... Fremont street was a completely different crowd compared to the strip. There were alot of older people that seem like locals vs the strip which is filled with younger tourist drunks. The concerts and dancing on stage aren't my taste, but it was interesting. Parking and the area surrounding it definitely sucks, I always have a feeling that i might get robbed or something. Maybe I'm just overly paranoid, but seriously, it gets kinda creepy sometimes. Just be careful. Overall, if you're looking for a different experience than the las vegas blvd strip... check out Fremont aka "the old strip"
3	I had a blast when I came to Fremont Street with my bf's parents. We were looking for something a bit different to do in Vegas and came here to check it out.  Fremont Street is supposed to be the Old Vegas, but strangely it feels too bright to be real, and too new to be old. This is something you'll have to see for yourself. The strip in comparison feels much richer in history and style. With that said, this place is a gambling paradise. 3 dollar craps table buy ins and slot machines that never stop chiming. Cocktail waitresses with hair styled big enough to house at least 10 small sparrows in it, while being older than the Hoover Dam. I don't know if I would stay on Fremont Street if I was coming here with a big group of friends. It's off the strip, the crowd is much older, and it doesn't have the excitement and wonder of the strip. However, I would stay here during the summer for a tame couples trip, probably at the Golden Nugget to enjoy their gazillion gallon shark tank water slide with cheap neighborhood gambling. You can also experience a 20 dollar zip line over the entire street. Save your monies, put your stunna shades on, and head to Fremont and get lucky in the casinos here. It's worth it for the gambling alone.
3	A little overrated and way out of the way (unless you have a car or a monorail pass). This is what Reno looks and feels like. A little more sketchy than the strip, but supposedly these casinos pay out 10% more than the other larger casinos.
4	A cool place to check out AT NIGHT for some cheesy fun! The light show is the main attraction : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/3xmfT7l3xNH5LK1dLzfvGw?select=o6mHisZZA0tj7RjX7W1ccw.Came here to check out the ZIPLINING (Freemont Flightlines) and the light show. Tons of people- GREAT people watching. Saw some familiar faces : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/3xmfT7l3xNH5LK1dLzfvGw?select=baqnWN8WDv_vdGcYDljwNg. My favorite group was this one: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/3xmfT7l3xNH5LK1dLzfvGw?select=cvn4V62FYXTCGj7WLVx4tgI also saw a Justin Bieber look alike here, with his mom heading out near his bedtime. You can check out a live 80's cover band, street performers, cheap eats- my favorite thing here was the time when the neon light show overhead plays "We Will Rock You" from Queen. Forgot to get my deep fried twinkie to complete my experience...They charge for parking (what?) in the structure, so park at the nearby hotels like the CAL instead.
4	Say you go to Vegas and lose all your money but you still have a night to kill, why not make your way downtown and check out their fantastic show at the Fremont Street Experience, because it is well...Free? Just a thought...Located in downtown Las Vegas, the Fremont Street Experience is surrounded by a number of the downtown hotels including the Horseshoe, Mermaids, Golden Nugget, the Fremont, Fitzgerals, and other spots. Covering the street is a large canopy equipped with over 12 million lights and an amazing sound system. Starting at 8:00 pm and at the top of every hour, a different show pulsated across the large canopy and produces a great show that is sure to please.
4	Again a must see when in Vegas.Great impersonators walking around give them a buck and take your photo with them.2 or 3 stages with live bands all very good,great light show on the covering that covers the street.One thing that surprised me was I could not get a deep fried twinke after midnight .You can get brooze ,dope,a hooker  but not a deep fried twinke only in Las Vegas!
5	Kitchy, old-timey, neon-engulfed fun. That was my Fremont Street Experience.I loved how stages were set up in different areas with different musical acts, performing their hearts out for the Monday crowd... and you know, that Monday crowd wasn't at all a "Monday crowd".... everyone was jammin'! I loved how casual and tourist-friendly it seemed (giant lit ceiling over a walkway between Vegas' historical casinos.... hmm, yep, sounds touristy to me)... but I can honestly say, I absolutely LOVED how drink prices dropped exponentially down here. My wallet was already feeling quite light, so nothing tickled me more that evening than to pay less than $10 for two VERY strong cocktails. Definitely enhanced that warm fuzzy feeling I was getting from watching the light show.... and that light show is legit. I don't care what anyone else says, I loved the huge picture show over my head. Be warned... I would imagine taking any sort of hallucinogens before viewing the light show might cause someone to have some sort of seizure... or at the very least, cause a freak-out. This, for me, was a nice change of pace from wandering the Strip. Definitely a repeat.
5	What a fun place!!!  We decided to head here for our first night in Vegas and had a blast.  The tables are cheaper here and so are the drinks. The video screen roof is totally impressive and they play cool stuff on there all night.  They had a couple of bands playing while we were there and lots of cool vendors as well. The only downside was there was a lot of homeless people that kept asking for money, but it wouldn't stop me from absolutely spending an evening there again.
5	FUN FUN FUN & CHEAP CHEAP CHEAP!  Fremont St. is THE place to people watch, hear good music from cover bands and street musicians, drink on the cheap, and just explore.  The light show that happens on the hour with bands like Queen, The Doors, Don McLean (which by the way is awesome singing American Pie with thousands of strangers)!  So much is happening on this street you'll forget the time.
4	had more fun here than I thought I would. great performances, saw a motown performance on one side, guns and roses on another, a michael jackson performance by some emo lookin guy, and then the light show with kiss theme. too bad there's not any seats to sit down and chill unless you go inside a casino.dont let the reviews saying this place is "ghetto" turn you away, sure there were bums, but who cares. didnt see anything "ghetto" about it.
4	Easily my favorite part of Vegas. It's the old Vegas with all the neon lights, older casinos and street shows. I had more fun here than I did on the strip. There was a hot girl dancing on a stage at one end of the street and a zipline on the other end. In between there was an Elvis, Brett Michaels, Trumpet players, live statues and almost anything else you can think of. And of course the light and music experience, they were doing Queen when I was there and it was one of the coolest things I have ever seen. Also...all free. How can you beat that??I loved the neon lights and it was what I was expecting from Vegas, it was old timey and just spectular, I could have walked around and looked at just the lights all night. A lot of difference casinos to choose from, and the great thing about them is that it only takes a few seconds to walk to the casino next door, unlike the strip where it could take like 5 minutes to walk next door. Loved this place and will definetly be back if I visit Vegas again.
4	This is really much more of an "experience" than I thought it would be.  Where else can you see millions of lights, multiple live concerts, and Rod Stewart, Austin Powers, and Jesus having a discussion?Make sure you check the schedule on the website for times, otherwise you might be waiting a couple of hours.
5	Do you REALLY need to spend $15 per drink and be treated like dirt by uppity Strip staff? NO! You have a choice!Skip the Strip and party downtown on Fremont Street instead. Take a cab or park at one of the hotels (parking is the only kinda pain-in-the-ass part of coming here; some hotels only allow guests to park in the garage, but most just require a validated ticket, which is easily done at the casino cage)...and then just wander around in a Fear-and-Loathing-esque stupor, drinking and stumbling without fear of repercussion.Along the way, you can meander from dingy old casino to dingy old casino, drinking and gambling and eating for CHEAP! Sure, you won't find the same army of high-end silicone service bots the Strip has to offer...but Fremont hotels have party pits and semi-hot bartenders too. And with the amount of cheap booze you're sure to down, you won't even notice that the gash you're ogling is of a decidedly lesser caliber than uptown on the Strip.The best thing about Fremont is all the street performers. For FREE, you can wander around and watch live bands (there are two stages), street artists and a PLETHORA of all-around wackos -- from real-life crackheads and homeless people to Hollywood Blvd. refugees dressed up in crazy costumes, posing for photos and hustling for tips. You'll see Gumby and Batman, a super-busty pirate wench and many Elvi and MANY showgirls...all hanging out loitering on the pedestrian mall for your amusement. IT'S GREAT! I once had a fabulous big group sing-a-long with "Bret Michaels," "Elvis" and "Sheriff Buford T. Justice" from Smokey and the Bandit... what FUN! The only thing I don't like is the stupid light show -- a canopy covers the Fremont St. pedestrian mall, and once an hour an insanely LOUD, obnoxious light show plays to the ear-splitting strains of some tired classic rock band or another. But it IS fun to look around at all the slack-jawed white-trash yokels staring blankly up at the ceiling, like idiot believers awaiting a neon rapture.Overall, RUN, don't walk, to Fremont St. if you're looking for an unpretentious slice of over-the-top Vegas cheese and nastiness. GO NOW!
4	Fun to go and buy singles and drink on the street. Great live entertainment in the summer (in addition to the canopy show) like bands and street performers. Had my pic taken with SpongeBob (who was sure to tell me they work only off tips). Great experience once or twice but they re-run the same canopy shows so don't expect it to be very different even a year later.
4	Fremont Street has something for everyone! If you're looking for a fine dining experience or a fried twinkie, Fremont Street has it. This is a must see on my list of places to go for friends and family visiting from out of town. The laser light show is free afterall, and consistently entertaining. There are always impersonators of every sort wandering around; I've seen Elvis, Gene Simmons, Bret Michaels, and more. Be sure to tip them if you have a picture taken with them, apparantly this is a way for them to make money. My favorite time to go down to Fremont is when they have events with free concerts open to the public. I've seen Elvis contests, ACM Awards show performers, local bands and more.
4	SO. MUCH. FUN.  You can zip line down the street, they have a laser show, live bands and impersanators all around.  It is great for people watching too.  You will see all kinds...all just having fun.  There are lots of casinos to wander in and shope to grab a quick souvineir.  I highly suggest you go here if in Vegas...we had a blast!
5	You never know what you will see on Fremont st. The place for a cheep show from the man in the box to the guy painting with spray paint to the guy doing clay sculpture while you wait also you may see jesus. The light show if pretty cool to.
3	If someone managed to compress Riverside into a single strip of pavement, I'd imagine it would be something like this. I don't know how fun it is at night, but the day time is full of sketchy booth employees, cheap games, crappy stores and some decent casino play. Fun to go check out, but a FAR cry from what it once brought when this part of town was king in Vegas.
5	it's always fun to "people watch" on fremont cause it's just a diverse street of fun people having a good time~! a group of my girlfriends and i went soley for the new addition to vegas attraction ZIPLINING! now i forgot to mention, i'm a pansy when it comes to heights! sooo us girls, wanted to do something "different" on a typical vegas weekend. and fremont lived up to our "trying something different" experience! we arrived around 5 and fremont street wasn't as lively until a couple hours of our stay. we bought our tickets to zipline but whats decent is you can go at any time of the day before i believe midnight. for only $15 before 6pm and $20 after... we ate a nearby pizza place. i forgot what it was called. but its across from the rainbow casino. the pizza was doughy and over greased with oil!!! we ate it anyway and enjoyed each other's company. finally as the sun was ready to leave for the day, we decided to fall in line for the main attraction! 5 floors up and the line wasn't as busy as purchasing tickets. the anticipation of waiting to fly over the vegas crowd was creeping! ziplining at fremont has no age requirement only weight (90lbs-200lbs) and go 4 at a time.. there's a couple of gentlemen that help get you strapped in your harness, be aware of their "inapporpiate comments" ladies! after being strapped in walk up a flight of stairs to see the "ants" (people) that are happily waving for your take off. the wait on the stool before they tell you sit in your harness was the scariest/butterfly feeling ever. then they push you for a head start and there you gooo "FLYING!" FUN FUN FUN FUN!
3	The Freemont Street Experience involves an area of LV that, if I broke my cheap / lazy habit of staying at The Cal during every trip, I probably wouldn't go out of my way to visit.  That's my ideal, but the harsh realities of increasing airfare and the subsequent penny-pinching with hotel rooms have yet to allow for a Downtown-free vacation.  It also doesn't help that I can't seem to stay away from the shortbread cookies at Las Vegas Jerkys, Etc. (in Las Vegas Club), but this is a minor factor since shopping there takes no more than 30 minutes.Anyway, I usually end up taking a stroll up and down Freemont at least twice per trip.  Our typical routine is as follows:Visit #1 = a few hours after arriving in LV and checking into The Cal.  We're tired and hungry, so it just makes sense to stay in Downtown.  After stuffing our faces, we head on over to Walgreens to buy bottled water, snacks and a few toiletries.  Then we proceed to ABC store, where we buy a few souvenirs / gifts.  We loiter around the area for a bit, checking out the light show, street performers, the zipline and whatever concert is being held that night.Visit #2 = almost the end of the trip, so most of what we hoped to do as tourists has already been done ... and we're almost broke by now.  Since Freemont is less than five minutes away on foot, we head on out and pretty much do the exact same things that we did during Visit #1.Not much changes at FSE / Downtown in general over two (almost three) vacations since December 2010.  I can almost guarantee that my return in July/August to The Cal will be a repeat as long as I'm hanging out in the area.  I suppose that could be construed as a good thing, as it keeps costs low and saves a lot of time for me due to the familiarity.On the other hand, I should mention that it's not a good idea while walking to/from anywhere in Downtown to take shortcuts and side streets, especially late at night.  Try to avoid the sidewalk across from Main Street Station, as it's better to safe than sorry (I almost learned the hard way)...
4	You must check it out if you head to Vegas. During the day it's just a roof with holes to let the sun in, but when the sun goes down, it is transformed into a giant tv screen spanning 2 blocks. The site says 6pm, but they didn't turn the lights and music until about 7:30pm. The last show is midnight. The music stays the same, but the graphics and presentation change. Last year's theme was more 70's while this year's was themed more like the 80s.The activities to do around here are very touristy, but you can see a lot of the older casinos. After all, this is the original Vegas Strip. Along with the casinos, they have the Fremont ziplines and the Neon Sign museum.  They also have a stage where some bands were putting on FREE concerts.
4	Super shady side of Las Vegas, If you are going to be coming here at night make sure you either take a guy with you, or a huge group. And dont keep anything in your back pockets either! With that being said, i have always wanted to come here and check it out! Maybe i was drawn to the light show or maybe because this is old Las Vegas from back in the day before the pricey glitz and glamour that took over just a ways away!!Walking around Fremont street kind of feels like Hollywood late at night. You got all your celebrity characters (Batman, Spiderman, Rod Stewart, Prince, Bret Michaels, a dude wearing a sparkly bikini and many more which totally freak me out). Then you had not one but three stages of various 80's cover bands playing yesterday's favorite jams, which was totally cool to stand back and watch along with all the fine people of Fremont street that came by for a drink and to drunk dance!! Then you got your crazy street acts (reminds me of Santa Monica during the warm summer nights).The light show was pretty cool along with watching people ziplining. Eepies its pretty high up there too!!Plenty of places to get your eating,drinking,shopping,or strip club on!! Glad that i got to experience this, i dont think i'll be coming back for a second visit!!
3	I really like this place, there is much to do. I seem to come here every time I'm in town to check out their light show. The light show isn't much of an awe to me as I seen it plenty of times, but it's still great entertainment. There are many casinos here that we usually check out and walk around in and get some 99 cent shrimp cocktails. There is some cool deals on foods if you just keep walking around. The wifey usually gets the deep fried twinkie, but our recent experience here yesterday she didn't get one, pretty weird as its usually at routine ritual for her.Well other than cheap food, a shizz load of casinos, the walk area has some booth stands that try to sell you a over priced souvenirs which I don't recommend anyone buying unless you really really must need to get it. They also have live bands here on the weekend to get the party pumped up. There is also one thing I will try when I come back "FlightLinez" which is a zip lining spot that goes from one end to about 3/4 of the FSE. Price to do this seems pretty cheap $15 before 6pm and $20 for regular price I believe. It seems pretty cheap for the experience IMO, but the ride probably only lasts a good minute, no matter the price, I will be back here to definitely try this out for sure!
5	I must say Fremont has changed from the last time i was there. More things to look at which go from Funny to Awe inspiring to down right scary where you want to look away but cant. I love Running into Capt Jack Sparrow and Prince Lmao. Watching people go across the zip line is badass. And the free flowing alcohol though its not free lol.
4	Fremont Street is original Vegas. It is a must-see for tourists and a hangout spot for many Vegas locals, myself included. Since being back in Vegas for going on three years now I have honed in on Fremont Street or just what I refer to as "Downtown" as my go-to Friday or Saturday night outing.The obvious is the light show, live bands, neon lights, and the casinos. But there is also the people dressed up as characters, pandering hobos, hipsters galore, random tourists, and so much more. A night spent here will bring you many laughs while walking the length of the enclosed portion.I like Hennessey's Tavern which is located here and the Las Vegas Country Saloon. The drinks are extremely inexpensive compared to the strip.And if you are going go to Fremont Street Experience you might as well check out "Fremont East", which is just East (erm, yah it's East... haha) of the FSE. It includes wonderful bars such as Downtown Cocktail Lounge, The Gryffon, Beauty Bar, Insert Coins, Vanguard, and many more. I would rather take friends from out of town here than anywhere else in Las Vegas. I'm going to admit, it is not everyone's cup of tea. I am sure there are people who wouldn't even think about stepping foot in this place (in fact I know people like that!), but for most people this is going to be a fun time, so check it out.
5	This is the old strip not the new one. Being a bit of a history buff I love it! I feel like I went back in time when I was here awhile ago. Just about everything inside and out is retro, even the people working seemed to have hair cuts from the 70's. Oh btw.."clearing my throat"..what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas :)
5	Oh how I love Freemont Street you walk and see some of the old Vegas. Yes, it is diminishing more and more which is why I choose to stay in downtown.  Still a fun place to see a show that you will not see anywhere else.Every hour on the hour they give you a great mix of songs and visual effects above the several blocks that is Freemont Street. Well worth coming down to check out a few of the shows and get a fell of old Las Vegas!
4	Your first time in Vegas? Well before you leave this crazy jungle, take a ride to Downtown Las Vegas and experience the strange, fun and freaky part of town.Gambling, music, shows, booze, strippers, entertainment, live bands, sightseeing... whatever reason brings you downtown, the one thing you won't be able to ignored is the light show above the enormous canopy LED screen, the largest in the world. It extends 5 football fields and is visited by 25,000 people daily it's a huge attraction. This synchronized light show will stunned your visual senses.Alright now the scene is somewhat strange but very interesting. I've seen a lot colorful characters here every time and they are always on cue. The couple with missing teeth, the bimbo, the freak, the druggie, the clueless, the unfashionable, the 21 year old virgin from Virginia, the family of 7 kids, the celebrity, the hot babe, and the tourist recording everything! I assure you that I have appeared in a hundred home videos by now.Yes, all of them are found under this ceiling. I truly believe if you get rid of these eccentric personalities, downtown would lose some of its character. Keep it the way it is haha! Oh make sure to come out at night to catch the best of it thou. A must see for all of you when in Vegas.
5	This is a must do for any multiple night trip to Vegas!  I recommend getting a hotel in this area for one night of a trip and move to the strip for the rest of the trip.You really can't understand how huge the video screen is until you see it.  Think Super Bowl screen that goes on for 2 blocks!  Throughout the night, the show rotates through a number of popular bands.  It is amazing to watch 1000 tourists all stop and stare at the ceiling for 10 minutes.What makes it even better is that you can drink while walking down the street, like all of Vegas.  What is different about Fremont Street from the Strip is how easy it is to find cheap drinks.  Just dip into any of the casino bars.  I even found a place that did $1 Jag shots!There are many street performers that line every inch of the street.  Many of them dressed up like your favorite movie character.  A few actually look like the person they are dressed as.  Live bands often play on stages set up on the street between video productions.  The night I was there, a fantastic 80s cover band played well past midnight.Didn't try the famous zip line because the line was HUGE!  If you are going to do this, I recommend trying it during the day in the middle of the week.  You really haven't done Vegas until you go to old Vegas!
4	no matter how many times you see it on TV or movies, It has to be experienced in person! now they have ziplines that run the full length of the canopy, which is pretty wild to see
4	SHad sooo much fun here, I like it better than the strip. Light show and bands playing all night.
3	Tourist spot only. Unless you're there for the deep fried twinkies/oreos.If you're gunna stay overnight, I'd recommend the Golden Nugget. It looks awesome inside. & they've got a beautiful swimming pool for lounging & eating.
3	Its cool to come here fora few hours to check it out but you're really not missing anything.  Its more fun to come at night so you can see all the lights and sights but its just a big outdoor area with lots of flashing lights.  Been here once just to say I've been here.Meh.
2	I've taken several trips to Las Vegas since I turned 21. I finally found my way downtown on my last trip, with a skeptical husband in tow.I should've known something was up when our cab driver told us to get out of there before 1AM. Apparently, that's when the Experience ends, the hotels' security goes home, and it gets dangerous on the streets.When we got there, the light shows hadn't started yet. I didn't care. I wanted to run back to the Strip. There were lots and lots of seedy folks outside, many of whom were staring at all the passersby. Even though it was still light out, and I had a large male by my side, I felt myself tensing up and clutching my purse a little tighter. Did I mention that I'm an urban girl who's used to seedy areas, including downtown Reno? Yeah, this was not good.We walked around the area, popped into the Golden Nugget (that in itself seemed kinda cool), stopped at Fremont for Dunkin Donuts (separate review), went back to the Nugget, grabbed a cab, and got the hell out. The light show wasn't worth waiting for.
4	Fremont experience is a definate stop n see  a great place to be entertained by your bevy of street performers , zip liner, public boozing and out door bands rocking to familiar sing along songs. Go there for the lights and famous neon signs and light show, great place to cruise around in the rental scooter. Costs nothing for a  fun experience off the strip, and get lost in the lights.
3	ok so i have mixed feelings about this place. Its very cool to see all the great little places along the way, however i wouldnt suggest going at night. A lot of strange things start happening then...more drunks, creeps, and scary people haha. Its just not MY scene, but its ok.
5	Since some things have changed since my last update, I thought I'd reflect as such.The problem with Fremont Street is purely a matter that I like it too much.  It really is my favorite area of the city, and it continues to get better.I love the old-school casinos with all of their pretty lights that remind you of all those old Vegas movie montages where they would show all of those lighted signs one after another.  What's left of the Strip is on the endangered species list, but what they have here flourish from both still open casinos, and contributions from the Neon Museum.Fremont Street East (in my opinion) is one of the best quality drinking areas in the city.  The majority of places don't gut you on prices, or you get what you paid for.  There are really good lounges (including Insert Coins, where you can play classic arcade games while you drink - though I more game there), and if you get there before the hipster crowd, you won't feel overwhelmed by the mobs of people.The area still retains a vibe of fun.  Ziplining is still going strong, semi-janky costumed mascots still pose for photo ops (my current amazing find is a guy dressed up as Minnie Mouse - perception all changes when that head comes off), this Summer is all about '80's music, so the atmosphere is lively and fun, and surprising but true, the Neonopolis is slowly returning.But I mean SLOWLY.  Don't expect to see the place thriving, but there is an awesome vintage toy store there, and hints that some mega Denny's is coming.  Ah, the ultimate "work off that drunk" bastion of eateries.  I REALLY hope they bring back a movie theater.  They really need to bring back a movie theater.It's weird to me how the Strip is so "meh" and eager to let old places rot until they can be torn down, yet a number of Fremont's old places get a beautiful full renovation, while keeping all the old-style charm.  Golden Nugget is a classy joint, and the Plaza is set to reopen with an all-new upgrade (going inside the Plaza now looks like the zombie apocalypse).  I'm impressed that they actually try to SAVE places down here.The area does need to expand its good-time feel farther, however, there gets a point where the lights, music and vibe die down, and it gets a little sketchy.  But people should recognize those areas long before you walk into them.The Strip needs to take a long, hard look at what Fremont is doing to itself.  It's no longer the "second grade" section that people once considered it.  Sure, it's still touristy, but the hidden eateries, drinkeries, the "cut loose and have fun" attitude, and the growing artsy feel turn this place into a really fun one-stop package.  Once you find a place to park, there are enough venues and activities to keep a person interested for hours.
3	The Freemont Street Experience is just that, an experience.  Definitely a must see.  I am only giving it three stars because it is Old Town and it is pretty dicey.  Avoid the Glitter Gulch and will be fine!  Also always ask for the extra shot in your 13 dollar margarita, it is well worth it!
3	there are cheap eats and drinks here but you can find that stuff on the strip as well... i had fun but it was nothing like the strip. everyone said we had to visit and i dont see why. maybe it was because it was during the day?... i was there from 2pm-7pm... TO ME it was not worth the trip and time wasted when i could have stayed on the strip.
5	Everyone has to try the Fremont Street Experience!! Now they have a zip tie you can ride above! And don't forget to hit up the Golden Nugget and check out the shark tank in the pool!!
3	Look, I am used to crowds. Chicago, NYC, L.A. Even New Orleans during Mardi Gras. But with the exception of Mardi Gras, I am just not used to crowds that are 90% drunk. At least with Mardi Gras there are gratuitous boobies, and that helps offset the stress level of getting drinks sloshed on me, toes getting stomped on, elbows in my ribs, cigarette burns on my new clothes, and hands out EVERYWHERE wanting donations just because they bought an old Bart Simpson mask from a resale shop or shopped the clearance rack of Fredericks of Hollywood or painted their face up like Paul Stanley.I actually preferred Fremont Street without the Experience - early in the morning from 7-10ish. You can stroll leisurely from kiosk to casino to souvenir shop, up and down, both sides. It's quiet and clean and everyone says "Good Morning" to you as if you were getting coffee at a Starbucks in the Hamptons and not actually stumbling around half-awake in the armpit of  Las Vegas.But yeah, once it got dark, Beth got annoyed. Most importantly, the rock band light show thing worked for me when I was young and still dropping acid. At 42 and a non-drinker and positively tired of The Doors... eh... not so much. I don't care HOW big the light show is. I have never seen so many bummy people digging through garbage cans and smoking the butts they found in ashtrays. I think maybe only tourists actually BUY cigarettes here. Just, gross. Still, it has redeeming qualities in the freak-show aspect of it all. Great place to people watch, and then laugh at most of them.
4	So I made the silly mistake of coming here a few times when it was still light out. Go when its dark! So awesome to see and experience. It's like a freak show of weird people in costumes trying to make a buck. The lights are awesome.. the music is whatever.. Didn't drink but I'm sure they were good.Def get the deep fried oreos from that Mermaid casino. So good! I once got ice cream from another casino and put it on top.. YUM! I wouldn't get anything else from that food joint though (hot dogs, fries). They are cheap but my stomach didn't feel too good after!
3	Ok. So this is place is not the epitome of sophistication, but it's still a place you have to experience at least once. If anything, at least for the light show. For all intents and purposes, it is best to go at night, because the daylight highlights how lackluster this place really is. This place is full of colorful characters, but be careful because they have their share of homeless people and people who look shady. This is particularly true if you are there late at night.In addition, they now have a zip line that looked really fun and I hear that some of the buffets are quite good in addition to being cheap.Their slots seem looser to me than those on the strip, but I end up with nothing all the same. Fun times!
3	I made a huge AHA! moment when it comes to taking cabs.  DO NOT TAKE A CAB when your coming from the strip to go to see the Fremont Street Experience.  We spent almost $30 one way getting there and it is FAAAr.  Also, try to get your own cab when heading back.  Try not to say anything to the guys that ask you where you heading and they pretend to work for the cab guys coz they're not.  They're trying to swindle you out of your $.  We were almost to the next cab when this guy comes out of nowhere and asks us where to, when we're just a few steps away from the cab and he expected us to give him a tip =(The whole Fremont Experience is basically just street performers and they have these light shows that would be amazing if you were intoxicated.  If you were sober, it was like M-E-H.  I'd rather go see the a live show at the strip or go to the Miracle Mile for some entertainment.  The main attractions here are the cluster of old casinos, cheap deals for food and drinks.  No need to get all dressed up because it's a bunch of dressed down touristy people that come.  Cool thing I saw was the zipline and if you do an all day pass it would cost you around $50-$60.
5	Fremont Street in the older part of Las Vegas has different entertainment venues to offer if you don't want to go to the clubs.  On Friday night of my weekend stay, I went to hear 80s cover bands for free along Fremont Street.  Literally, it was Nina Blackwood weekend.You can walk along and hear bands or zip line across Fremont Street.  If you're looking for something FREE and different to do, check out Fremont Street in Las Vegas.  Checkout my pictures of the stage.  It was fun.  It definitely is the more alternative or Bohemian part of the Strip.  Don't miss it if you're here.
5	OH DOWNTOWN VEGAS! HOW I LOVE THEE! Let me count the ways~Best Hotel: Golden Nugget, Rush TowerI was extremely impressed with the rooms. It beats some of the ones on the Strip. I've stayed at other DT Vegas casinos & this is the best.  Best Pool: Golden NuggetTank full of sharks while you slide through it. How cool is that?! Does the Strip have that? I think not! (I've been wanting to do this for the past 2 years but I never seem to have the time. You will be mine someday!)Best Craps Table: Freemont Casino$3 craps table! Need I say more?! PLUS they have a counter on the table so that way you can see how long the shooter has been shooting. I hate it when I end up playing at a cold table & some guy (or girl, equal opportunity for all) craps out right after the point is made *shakes fist angrily!*Friendliest Dealers:Don't know how to play craps? Want to test out blackjack? No problem! They are more than willing to explain the games for you. Trust me. I know. This is where I learned how to play craps. Not to mention, they'll chat and make jokes with you. I'm not saying I always win when I play (but how I wish I did!). But when I'm losing, there is nothing worse than handing your money over to a poker face, dull, unchatty Strip dealer on top of that. Even though you're parting with your money at DT Vegas, at least you did it while laughing and having a good time.Friendliest people:Singing on the streets with strangers to KISS and Queen with hundreds of people while being entertained by the Viva Vision. Walkability:No taxis needed! DT vegas is extremely walkable. You can walk up & down the entire place in undef 15 minutes. It takes 10 minutes on the Strip to walk from one casino to another. If I wanted to walk, I would've just gone to the gym & walk on a treadmill!I'm not saying DT Vegas is perfect. It doesnt have the clubs, buffets, and Cirque du Soleil shows (if it did I would never step foot on the Strip again!). Both the Strip and DT Vegas have the homeless people. But one thing that I prefer DT over the Strip is that I don't have to be bombarded with people trying to give me nudie girl cards and walk on a street covered with cards of stars over girls tatas & "Girls Direct to Your Room!" That's not classy =(Real people. Real fun. Real easy on the wallet.And if you don't love Downtown Vegas as much as I do after reading all that, well, you can just take your tushy back on the Strip! =p
3	The downtown area is somewhat seedy that is highlighted by this Fremont Street Experience. This vaulted dome that flanks the promenade has light shows and also zip lining! I think that the zip lining would be a very good experience. However, don't park in the Fremont Street Experience parking lot because you can just park in one of the casino's parking lot and not have to pay a fee to park. 4 Queens, Binions, Fremont Casino, etc all are adjacent to the Fremont Street Promenade. There appears to be inexpensive souvenirs all around this area.
2	Well, once in a lifetime is enough for this I think. I have been there multiple times when friends and family come to visit and am disappointed each time. If you are under 21 they do not even let you come into some of the hotels, not even to get advertised food specials or use the restroom! Not that I would eat the food that came out of any of those hotels but just a heads up! Everything is overpriced, but not as much as the strip. You can get bottle Corona for $2 at some bars which is a deal I have to admit compared to the $9 beers on the strip.The whole street is filled with kiosks selling shirts and other little things, nothing too exciting except for one that does spray paint art in layers live, which is really cool but it draws a big crowd of rude tourists so it's not a place to be for any amount of time. There are also impersonators (some good some should rethink their costume) that will take a picture with you for a "mandatory donation." I have never done the zip line but it is quite spendy for just going over a bunch of people, not that good of a view! The overhead lights is the ONLY reason this dump gets 2 stars, I have to admit that it is pretty cool and I have never had a visitor say that they didn't like it. It is short though but what can you say, it's free which isn't a common price in Vegas.Beware if you go, this is where the transients, pimps, prostitutes and loonies hang out! If you like people watching in it's craziest it is entertaining but don't go down a back ally. It is near the Greyhound station as well as the slum of Vegas and the homeless shelter. Not a good area to be in at night! Also getting to the highway is an ABSOLUTE nightmare. They have no signs and they expect you to remember random almost ally streets to find it.
4	Cheesy and touristy, but a must visit at least once for first time Vegas visitors!
3	Classic, another must see. Really like the new zipline. However, Fremont Street used to be better. If its possible for Fremont St to go downhill, its gone downhil. Way to many folks asking for money now and WAY to few downtown hotels willing to endorse your parking. Still, the show above on the dome is a must see. I also try to stop in and see the million dollars on display at the Horseshoe. The zipline is bigfun, but I really dont like the zipline adds that seems to  constantly run up on the dome. If you go, go at night and check out the pool at the Golden Nugget. Also walk fast, dont plan on eating down there, dont make eye contact with anybody and keep your kids near you. Oh, and dont make a big deal of smells that you cant identify. lol ( ish )
4	I go here for steats with the food trucks. Its amazing. Second Friday of every month.
4	been to vegas many many times....never been to this end of the city.I have to say first of all, I didnt really know what to expect when others were telling me what it was like....second...in my mind it looked nothing like i thought it would....IT WAS BETTER!!!!I loved the atmosphere. the breed of people. the amount of alcohol you get in your drinks. the music. the casinos.... everything.huge fan.
5	It's awesome!!! It's a little piece of history still alive! I am obsessed with all the old signs and I love how they have some of the old neon signs on display. Tables are much cheaper than the main strip, so thats always a plus too! I just think its awesome to see old Vegas and the whole Fremont lighted canopy. A must see in Vegas!
5	Oh how I love Freemont Street you walk and see some of the old Vegas and enjoy a great light show every hour!!!
3	If you go you can say, "Been there, done that". Then you can move on with your life.  The best part, it's free
3	The Fremont Street Experience is part county fair, part old school Las Vegas, part street performers, part shopping mall stage shows, part being inside a video game, all wrapped up together with a lot of lights, and people you would see at your local carnival. Cheesy, but somehow appealing for less than 60 minutes.
4	I must admit I wasn't stoked to go here at first becasue my previous visits to Las Vegas consisted of staying on the famous strip, and the idea of going to a place that wasn't as popular (at least in my mind, prior to my actual visit) didn't appeal to me.  When my friends and I arrived I immediately loved it.  The handful of casinos within the Fremont Street Experience were quite oldschool and felt divey as well, which I love.  I came up on some cash at a roulette table inside the Fremont Hotel/Casino, had some tall cans outside on Fremont Street, danced the Monster Mash with my friends, saw the weird Halloween themed live show/band perform a few times, and apparently missed the entire street singing along to some Queen tunes for a tribute show that happened while I was inside gambling.The light/screen show above the street/overhead is fantastic, and the whole place just had a party-like atmosphere.Some of the street performers were a drag, being awful look-alikes, or just plain ridiculous (Las Vegas Barbies or whatever they called themselves - two cute chicks in stupid outfits that dance around in front of a bucket... I'm supposed to respect you more than an actual stripper because you dance in front of a bucket, fully clothed, in public?  Forget about it!).Take about 10 of your pals, eat, drink, and be merry at the Fremont Street Experience!
4	Tired of the glitz and glamor of the strip? Come try out the Street Experience. Every hour, they have a roof show (projections beamed against the outdoor roof), giving tribute to one rock band at a time. So go grab some deep fried twinkies and oreos, or a crispy kreme donut and chill out to some Queens, Kiss, and Beatles.
5	How can you not love the Fremont Street Experience. The amazing FREE neon light show that goes on every half hour at night.  I've seen the different light shows many many times and it still blows my mind. Live bands, cheap drinks and food, one giant party all the time.  You'll run into the weird characters here, impersonators, artists, locals, out of towners, drunks, sobers, people who you haven't see in years. It's the entire Vegas crammed into one small few blocks. Bar/casino hopping made easy you don't have to worry about getting tired from the walk just step outside and walk next door, scaled version of the strip easy on the feet.
5	I LOVE downtown!I avoid the main las vegas blvd strip like the Plague unless I am attending a show at one of the Hotels.Downtown/Fremont Street Experience is where it is at!Every time I go I see new things cropping up. I especially like all of the alternating cover/music bands on the different stages. It used to be only on weekends, however now there are music gigs taking place all week!Music!!! Free musical entertainment, you can't go wrong with live bands!October has been super fun with the special Halloween extravaganza going on all month!I went with my buddy Joey this past Saturday and checked out the group "Frank and the Steins" with their awesome stage set up for Halloween. They danced and sang some goodies such as "Thriller" "Dracula" "Witchy woman" Devil girl" "Time warp". Loved the costume changes specific for each song, I had a blast!Drinks are a great deal as well and nobody has the drink specials you can find Downtown!A great place for people watching as you will come across ALL kinds. I did notice lately a lot more of the street performers have cropped up in position throughout Fremont.Parking is easy also, I usually park at El Cortez, since I always pass through anyways for a round of black jack or a drink.Last time I pulled into a parking lot in front of Main Street Station entrance in which the hotel validates and refunds the $3 bucks so parking is free!I have yet to do the zip line as I have very long hair, one too many nightmares of my hair getting caught in the line and being scalped has kept me from doing so.There are so many reasons I love FSE, each time is a new experience for me. It never gets dull, and you can have a blast without spending a lot.
4	It's always a good time here, there's always something or someone interesting to see whether it's a Gun's N Rose's tribute band or a women screaming at a trash can for no apparent reason. There are bartenders lined up outside ready to serve and deep fried twinkies available for the taking.
4	If you want something different from the Strip, come see the Fremont. The roof lights, zip-line, live music and characters you'll run into will keep you entertained for sure. It is very dive-y and you'll meet some crazies. I got pulled into a street show, which wasn't that great, but made for an interesting experience. Not for kids, like most of Vegas...but definitely a fun time!
3	This place is good if you want a change from the Strip.  It is a little bit more on the divey side, so don't even worry about dressing up.  Put on some sneakers and jeans and just act like a tourist.  The entertainment is pretty much free.  A live band usually preforms on the stage and it is very lively.  The lit up ceiling has advertisments and lights all around.  It is pretty cool to look up and see everything.  They now have ziplining down the street that costs money.  It looked pretty cool, but I was in a dress!
3	The Fremont Street Experience is one of the few places that I can go to still drink (because as you can probably tell it's very important to me) with my younger friends.  I mean, there's usually always entertaining spectacles to stop and ogle at no matter how frequently you may be downtown or how long you've lived in Vegas.  I enjoy having the luxury of being near restaurants ranging from fast food to a steakhouse in walking distance.  The drinks are always cheap and so is the food.It could be cleaner at times, but I understand it can be hard at times when there's such a large gathering of people.  I hate random bums coming up to me to ask if I have change or if they can bum a cigarette.  I have no problem saying no though.
5	After getting our marriage license my husband and I walked to Fremont street, another part of Vegas I had never even heard of. When we got there I seriously lost my mind, it was such a beautiful plethora of neon lights and an electric crowd with titillating sight and sound. I thought to myself if I had never been to Vegas before I'd assume Fremont street was the Vegas strip lol. There were sky gliders, masked men on stilts , ravers dressed up in chunky platforms and harrowing attire, Disney characters, Elvis and Marilyn Monroe hand in hand ready  to take pictures for $5.00 or more. Signs of Fried Twinkies for $1.00 and Funnel cakes made my eyes wide as saucers. And there was a randomly placed rock band entertaining bikers that hailed from all over the east and west for the biker convention that weekend. I will never forget Fremont street. If I could compare it to anything I would say it was a lot like when James discovered what was inside the Giant Peach.
5	Absolute must see if you're visiting Vegas. Always a fun atmosphere. Always something interesting to see. Cheap(er) drinks. Live entertainment. Def. worth the short cab ride from the strip.
4	First time experience... what an experience! I've been to Vegas plenty of times but this was my first time to visit Fremont Street Experience... very different from the Las Vegas strip that I know... it was old skool Vegas, maybe like downtown Reno when Reno used to be the place to go long time ago.  The thing that interested me the most were the live bands... at least five (5) going on at the same time throughout the street and catering to different genres... I go to Thunder Valley Casino (Lincoln CA) for free live bands but now I know where to go when in Vegas! They even had a Spazmatics, Las Vegas version. Awesome! Will have to come back to experience the rest of the cool stuff like hotel, food, shops... agghh! not enough time!
4	Sensory overload is the only way to describe this area.In the evenings, there are many concerts going on, and people dressed up in costumes.Bring your camera.
4	No trip to Vegas should be considered complete without seeing Downtown Vegas and the Fremont Street Experience.  Is it cheesy?  Is it garish?  Is it 180 degrees apart from the Strip?  Yes, yes, and, most definitely, yes!  Fremont Street Experience is like a Disney-fied vision of Old Vegas run by carnies.  Filled with live music, street performers, street hustlers, sideshow-esque "freaks", and the inexplicable, Fremont Street Experience is a carnival midway for adults.  It's a hoot and a great change of pace from the Strip.  FSE is a bit seedy in some respects, but it's an eyeful that's worth your time and effort to take in while in town.  Two recommendations:  Come at night to see the regularly recurring, free light and sound show.  And, if you're coming from the Strip by cab during mid-week, have the cabbie take Las Vegas Blvd instead of I-15 to Fremont Street East and walk a block to Fremont Street Experience.  You'll save about $10 each way on cab fare.
5	We were there over Halloween weekend, and the sights and costumes were something to see.  The street itself was wall to wall people and music, it was truly an experience.   The overhead shows were great.   One was Don  McLeans 'American Pie" and the other was a salute to The Doors.  Both were reflective of the 60's, very enjoyable.    If you want to get the 'full' experience, do the zip line.   Fast and fun!
5	Seriously how could anyone not love this place. First thing I saw when I walked into the madness was a dude dancing around in a bikini with a wig on. Then some of the biggest fake boobs I've ever seen walked past me and then I spotted Prince. Wow all this goodness in just one place, how could you go wrong?Then I find out there's a zipline that goes down the middle of the street. Done and done. And all kinds of casinos with cheap ass games. Drunk idiots everywhere. Krispy Kreme. FUCK, this is the spot. Why go to all the glitz and glam of vegas when you can hang with the creatures trolling the street here.
5	What is not to love about Freemont? Oh man, you can see ANYTHING here. I thought the strip was crazy, well the real crazies who don't give a rats ass on who sees them (the unprofessional ones that is) are at Freemont! haha. I didn't know what to expect when my friends took me downtown. All i knew was that the slot machines are more loose, and that there are light shows every hour. Once down there, I definitely saw and did as they planned but I saw these two short muscular asian men doing some CRAZY acrobat moves, and then i was hypnotized watching DJ Lady Gogo dance. That girl has a HOT BOD. After watching her dance, we told ourselves that when we go home, we'd start dancing like that everyday till we get a body like that! But she was really talented. We saw a little girl doing pretty much a mirror image dancing with DJ Lady Gogo and it was definitely not rehearsed, that little girl could shuffle and dance like Michael Jackson.We saw some a crazy ....lady...man ( I still have no idea ) Dance with not a care in the world if someone was recording.. it. It was a lot of fun. We almost went in to one of the casino to eat white castle sliders but decided not to (kinda looked sketch IMO) We went into the Plaza and Golden Nugget. They have coin slots there but i believe its only poker coin slots.  We learned how to play Craps at the tables there. The people were real nice. Theres 808 Vegas where you can buy yummy Beef Jerky and other sorts of candies.  They have a little of everything and theres more locals from Hawaii there.SOOO if you want the calmer side of the casinos, go downtown!
4	I feel sorry for people who go to Vegas and never find themselves downtown. Yeah, it's seedy, trashy, uncomfortable and low-class... but it's also pretty damn fabulous.  If you're serious about gambling and don't own a professional sports team, it's also the best place to lose your money. Drop your pretenses, grab a plastic football of your favorite alcoholic beverage and enjoy the most honest experience Las Vegas has to offer. If you don't have fun here, you're doing it wrong.
3	Ah, Fremont Street. The main appeal for Fremont St is that most it is cheap: lower limit tables, cheap booze, etc. The other main attraction is the light show on the ceiling. Husband and I tagged along with a couple of friends late one night. We got there at about 9:45 and a lot of things were closed. I understand it was a weeknight and the off season, but we just wanted to get something to eat!! We finally found a bar while our friends did the zipline through Fremont St. Other than the light show though we were pretty bored. And the tunnel effect makes it SUPER cold down here! I'm OK with staying on the strip in the future.
5	Recently visited Fremont street for the first time while on a family vacation.  Brought Gramma, toddler, baby, hubby, and Aunt along for the trip!  It was a blast!  We stayed for 3 of the hourly light shows and wandered the entire length of freemont street taking lots of touristy pictures!  Got pictures with some of the Fremont Characters that dress up and bought a few gadgets along the way.  Saw street performers, showgirls, and live music - a great evening!  Even stopped at one of the Casinos by the very end that served up deep fried donuts, twinkies, and a bunch of other odd creations . At around $1-$2 we had to try them!  There is even a Krispy Kreme along the walk if you're looking for that sort of thing.  Lots of cheap food and free entertainment (tips are of course always welcomed).  There was a really cool zipline (reasonably priced from $10-$25) depending on the time of day you could go on to get an aerial view of Fremont street!A definite place to to stop by!  We went from 6pm-9pm - a great time if bringing family.  It was dark so the lights were excellent but before the all the rowdiness began.I've uploaded a few pics of the foods and light shows, too!
3	Everywhere has a low rent district.  And this is it.  It's been years and probably decades since I've been down to this side of town and it'll probably be the last time, if not for a long time.  But by then, I'll be an old man and old people just don't go down here for the sights, y'know?Parked around the block in one of the parking structures and it was creepy walking down.  Had to be on guard looking ahead and over the shoulder scanning continously.  Felt like we were gonna get rolled any minute.  And the sidewalks reeked of piss!!  Goodness gracious!!  Hose down the sidewalks please!All sorts of characters from all walks of life come down to hang out and be part of the scene and action.  A lot of street entertainers make for an interesting spectacle - kinda reminds me of Venice beach.  Hmmmm.  You can get rolled down there, too.Well, the light show above was and still is very amusing and pretty spectacular given it pretty much makes it almost daytime in the middle of the night.  This zip lining looks really fun, though I would rather do it over a much prettier sights - jungles of Mexico, Costa Rica, etc.Come down at least once if you've never been here, it's a trip for sure.
4	Should be a 3 1/2 star but adding the extra 1/2 star for the Christmas DecorationsLoved the light show especially the Area 51 (Aliens)
3	Freemont Street Experience is an open air tourist destination in Vegas. It is lined with tourist shops, bars, strip clubs, and casinos. The one thing that makes it different is the light shows that are shown on the giant light board overhead. The two songs/shows I remember from while I was there were Timewarp from Rocky Horror Picture Show and American Pie. Timewarp was by far the best show I saw while there. The shows are every so often, and it seems the whole place stops when a show is playing. Everyone just seemed to stop wherever they happened to be and stood there looking up until the show was over.Four members of our group decided to do the the zipline which goes halfway down the street. One of the girls in the group of four made it all the way down, but no one caught her, so she slid backward and hung there waiting until one of the employees put on a harness that sat up higher to the line, went out and got her, and pulled her back. I googled stuck on the zipline to see if I could find a picture of her, and it seems that this happens fairly often, but every picture or video I found that it always happened to girls. Coincidence?We took the bus there from the Strip, and this was a convenient and economic way to get there. I recommend the 24 hour bus pass since it is only $2 more than the two hour pass and provides much more flexibility. The bus pass also works for the buses that run up and down the Strip, so you can ride to your heart's desire. While the buses are fairly lenient about who gets on and off and no one ever checks your pass while you're on the Strip, you can expect someone to check your pass if you want to ride back from Fremont Street to the Strip.
3	I never knew there was an old Las Vegas until i came here. This place is pretty awesome. It has shows on the overhead and random people in costumes whom you take pictures with. They have many different places to eat and casinos to play at. Although this place is lively, i think i would much rather spend my time on the strip. A lot of people here are older and not the usual young crowd you see on the strip. Also, the food here isn't that great. It was great that i got to experience this place, but if you asked me to come back, i would say "i'd rather be on the strip"
4	Sky show is great. Live music is always entertaining. And you can't beat the drink specials here.
4	this is a pretty good place to take friends/family from out of town and have a good Las Vegas experience,   this place reminds me of Venice Beach in CA with the street performers, art, strange people, ect.  The actual fremont light show was interesting, but is predictable,  7pm aliens, 8pm don mclean, 9pm the doors, 11pm Kiss, ect,  maybe change them up a bit, oh well, I dont run that show haha
4	Tall boys and flashing lights!? Count me in. Fremont Street Experience is...wholesome? Not quite. Classy? Ehh also a bit of a stretch. All around good time crowd pleaser? Yes! Take a walk around under the bright lights of the canope and get ready for some prime people watching. I often wish I had extra eyeballs to catch all the crazyness. First off talk about bargains. You'd be hard pressed to find a beer over $8 down here. Many a time I've gotten my total tab and asked if they got all of our drinks. You can drink those bargain beverages walking around the Experience, sitting at a slot machine or at one of the bars that overlook the experience. My personal fave is Gold Diggers, great view. There are also street performers galore, with the number of acts increasing every day. Not necessarily in quality however...beware of some pretty tricky scammers. Don't go posing with Superman thinking he's just there for your amusement. He wants a tip. The light show is impressive, worth sticking around to catch. If you need a closer inspection of the light bulbs, throw yourself off the flightlinez ledge to cruise by via zipline. The Experience also changes througout the year depending on nearby holidays. The Christmas tree is gargantuan and they spare no expense atround Halloween either. There are stages in the center to catch some live music on the weekends. Go support the ol' timers of the strip!
3	I don't think I've ever been here in all my years of coming to Las Vegas, but this trip, we finally made it.  Our main focus was to go on the ziplines that my younger daughter and I were intrigued by from seeing it on Millionaire Matchmaker.  We accomplished that (see separate review), but we also really enjoyed the overhead light show display set to rock music.  That was lots of fun.  However, I have to agree with other Yelpers.......there is definitely a seedier element here, and they do prey upon the rest of us.  I saw some "interesting" people doing some questionable tthings.  Not my cup 'o tea.  Now that we did what we came here to do, I don't feel an overwhelming desire to come back here, either.  There's enough to do on the Strip; that's good enough for me.
5	I've always considered myself a classy woman. This place proved me wrong!!! I was in sensory overload with all the lights and activity around me. I saw Elvis, Tupac, 2 Minnie Mouses, OH and Bret Michaels.... If you've got champagne tastes, but a beer budget like me, sleep at your choice of hotel at The Strip, but eat, gamble, and definitely BUY your souveniers here!!!
4	People tend to act classier on the new Strip. Free Parking with validation. I usually park at the California Casino then walk. Park at the Fremont Street garage. Validation available at 11 different participating hotels. Have a lot of fun memories of Fremont. Stay in well lit areas. Don't wander to far from people. Kinda gets scary at night. Have fun. Living in Las Vegas for 13 years. Trust me!
3	This place would be great if it weren't for all the darn tourists... (kidding)
2	Unfortunately, I'm too young to remember Fremont Street when it was still in the raw. I look at all of the great old neon signage here, now protected forever by a steel and LED canopy and feel very conflicted. While I'd rather see things the way they used to be, I know in my heart that many of these casinos might not have survived the last couple economic downturns if it weren't for the Disney-fication of the district. I still enjoy heading 'downtown' to visit some of the few remaining classic casino floors and love the 'real people' you get to see here. But the ziplining among the sea of celebrity impersonators and teenage kids makes me wish I could simply pass from one casino to the other without needing the ever-so-slight buzzkill of walking outside.That said,  the light show was pretty cool the first time I saw it.
4	We were in vegas to celebrate a good friends 50th birthday. I really liked going to Fremont, definitely the low rent little stepchild to the Mega-theme park strip.  My wife had never gambled before so Fremont was a perfect place to start. The tables are cheap and most of the people working seem pretty friendly. If your not looking to be a high roller and just want to have some fun and drinks you cant go wrong.  We had fun playing roullette and also the vidoe poker slots, which seemed much looser than the ones we played on the strip. Obviously the strip is much more impressive than Fremont with its gigantor theme park casino hotels, but I have always liked that more edgy element that a place like Fremont seems to bring. The light show is pretty cool as most of the reviews mention...
4	It's a great show and should be seen by everyone at least once... but more than once is not necessary even though they change the show regularly.  The environment is very touristy and BRIGHT.
3	I want so badly to love this gaudy, grotesque monstrosity... but alas... I cannot...The strange neon light show was beyond basic. You would need to be very high or very drunk for it to come close to being "entertaining" .... The usual crowd here tends to be a little rough around the edges and on the seedy side., but that's fine by me...There are gimmicky wares for sale and tacky, random celebrity lookalikes for photo ops... There are bands set up along the main drag and plenty of places to get sugary noxious looking alcoholic beverages served up in plastic boots...it's all just a bit too kitchy for me though....HOWEVER, I will continue to come to Freemont Street for 2 reasons:*Cheap Drinks*Low Table MinimumsAlso, I secretly like the skeezy, sheisty vibe this place  gives off... we all need to slum-it once in a while.
5	I highly recommend the Fremont Street Experience to all who Visit Las Vegas. It is a Show for all ages and it is Free.  Easy to get to and always Entertaining.
4	Zipline!!I think I've already written a review for the Fremont Street Experience....Anyway, this time around I was with some family from out of town.  They had partied a little too hard over the weekend and wanted to have some fun without spending hours primping and prettying themselves or spending a massive wad of cash on a crowded nightclub....again.  So we went downtown for ziplining, a bit of gambling and a cheap dinner/breakfast.$20 for one zipline ride ($50 for an all day pass)$60 for dinner for 6 at Market Street Cafe at the Cal....ifornia Hotel+ the lower limit craps and black jack tables at Binion's were being generous++I found a certain penny slot that I havent seen in ages that was very nice to me
4	This is a great 3rd day visit when your in Vegas. It's the old Vegas, laid back. It has a lot of neon and loud music. Stop and check out the graffiti artists....they are very good.
3	They have made great efforts to really clean this area up over the past few years.  They are now starting to install old Vegas Neon signs for display.  This is very cool! I can't say I would want to spend tons of time down here, but we always make a day for Fremont Street when we visit Vegas.  They now have zip lines, so every few minutes someone goes flying overhead screaming....I thought this was cool until my husband pointed out that airborne drunk people overhead might not end well...Ha, and I was worried about the pigeons...Anyway, i love a little old vegas!
5	On my last trip to Vegas, we spent the majority of our time walking around Fremont Street, and peeking into those cheapy little shops. Some of the celebrity impersonators seem like they might have been The Zodiac Killer, but others are pretty nice. The highlight of my impersonator run ins was Freddy Krueger from A Nightmare on Elm Street. I am borderline obsessed with that movie, so the moment that I saw him I insisted that I take a picture with him. He was very nice, and posed as if he was slitting my throat with one of his claws. It was amazing! We also ran into a dog that looked like a canine version of Nikki Sixx from Motley Crue, so I got my picture with the dog too. We both wore sunglasses, and the dogs trainer had it put it's paws on my shoulders. I couldn't keep a straight face, and it was probably the highlight of my year! I also suggest that you try the deep fried Oreos! There is a casino that deep fries sugary treats, I just don't remember what it was called. Staying at The Golden Nugget and bumming around on Fremont Street was a great experience.
2	It's not quite the experience I was hoping for. It was a psychedelic frenzy of lights enjoyed by those who are rolling. I didn't care for it and won't care to find my way through a bunch of weirdos dressed in their Halloween costumes
2	As a frequent gambler on  the Vegas Strip, I figured I'd make my way down to Fremont Street to experience the Old Vegas, Classic Vegas, whatever you want to call it, to see the older casinos.It was nice to gamble in the casinos and walk around, and maybe I'm just used to the strip and how things are over there, but I prefer the new school look.I like roulette a lot, and not many tables had the automatic chip counter. It slows the game down, (at least it keeps money in your pockets longer). I am by no means a high roller, so when some bets that I make in the newer casinos are over the limit in the old ones, I know their is some sort of problem.Ziplining. Sounded like a cool idea. But for what the ride actually was to the $20 price, not really worth it. I could say I did it and that's about it.Overall, it was basically what I Expected. I figured it wouldnt be as impressive or trendy as the strip, and it wasn't. So it should be a 3 star, but the over priced ziplining bumps it down to 2 for me. It wasn't a bad experience, just Meh.
5	Loved it!  We went there two nights of our Vegas trip.  The live music was awesome! Arena was a great 80's rock band!  Also, really good band that did a nice job with LMFAO look alikes and music. Just a great place to people watch, dance in the streets and have fun.  Dinner at Main Street and the micro-brews were awesome!  I am still bummed I did not get my picture with Jonny Depp. ;-) The O2 bar was a treat.  Husband was happy to find $5 craps tables on a Friday night!.
1	One star is too much for this toilet seat of a hang out. While there for about 40 minutes I saw a woman vomit in her mouth and then proceeded to swallow her own vomit. I saw drug dealing. Child abuse. Cheap drinks and cheap food can't make up for the scars this place is going to leave in my psyche. If I could give this place negative stars I would! -10 stars. Horrible. Don't wast cab fare going out to the vile hang out spot.
4	For anyone from the New England area the Fremont Street Experience is the Vegas equivalent of Hampton Beach. from the off strip cheesey stores to the gimmmicky restaurants (The Heart Attack Grill where if you weigh over 300lbs you eat free). That's not to say this place doesn't have its charm, hell you can zipline through this outdoor mall complex. After going to vegas almost a dozen times I finally went over to old Vegas, the Fremont Street Experience makes it worth the trip.
5	The lights on Freemont street were simply awesome. I think I had the best seat in the house! FRONT AND CENTER! Well...we all did...but this was just fun. A mixed crowed was there...the Casinos are iffy...but I love this! I went here before thinking I would get to see where Adam (from Honey I Blew Up the Kid) put the car on the cowgirls leg....sadly a lot has changed since that movie came out...but still it was worth the experience. We went ziplining...AWESOMENESS!
5	What can I say is the Fremont this is what Las Vegas is all about I mean come on people where else you can find Vegas at its best.  The Fremont Experience is my favorite spot here in Vegas.  From Traditional and Historical Casino, to great live entertainment, to fun gambling, to famous restaurant and cuisine this is where the heart and soul of Vegas live.  You can do it all here they even have a strip club for all you horny men out there also.  I prefer the Fremont better than the Las Vegas Strip.  I more live, more affordable, more fun, and is Vegas at it best.  People dont only come to vegas to find a good time people come to Vegas to have a good time.  I approve this message.
4	Turns out, I checked in to this thinking it was just the actual street. Well, I didn't see the show, but I did have fun. I really LOVE that this place is so much more convenient to walk than the strip. You still get the fun, the drinks, and the casinos, without the sore feet when you get home. We went late afternoon. Turns out that is the PERFECT time to visit. It was really calm when we got there, so we had a yummy  late lunch at a nearby Mediterranean place. Afterwords we did some shopping and by the time we were walking down the main part it was dark and pretty! Definitely a must for your next trip to vegas!
3	Are you tired of the crowds of beautiful women dressed in their expensive Gucci dresses and the loud, obnoxious drunk dudes that litter the strip?Then head on down to the Fremont Street Experience in Downtown LV and check out the ghetto women dressed to the nines in their fancy Wal-Mart apparel and the same loud, obnoxious drunk dudes. It's pretty entertaining for about an hour. After that take a ride on the Fremont Street Flightline and then head back to the strip.
1	This has seriously gone down hill!! It was fun all the other times we have been there, however, they must have new management or something.  There were so many panhandlers there, more than tourists!!  Everyone has cheesy costumes on and for a "TIP" you too can have your picture taken with smurfs, mini Elvis, fat Elvis, you name it, there is a panhandler there dressed as it!! Then there are people just hanging around with signs begging for money (EVERYWHERE) and sitting in groups on the ground with a place to drop money(for no apparent reason) It is just NASTY!!!!!  It was filthy, it stunk like vomit and urine. The only good thing was the music Bon Jovi!!  I just could not leave fast enough, both of my kids were not happy, I did not see any metro or security!!! The band was LAME!!! A fat chick trying to look like Katy Perry, who is lacking some serious singing skills and her "partner" whose voice is incredibly screechy and and annoying.  I did not even want my kids to see the whole skit about the one "singer" talking about doing something very naughty to the other "singer" as the other "singer" bent over with her butt to the crowd!!!! With a tiny cheerleader/referee outfit on....TACKY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
2	Rough crowd to say the least.
4	I'm a sucker for a good light show.  I really wouldn't recommend coming down to Fremont Street unless the lights are on (except for you hard-core gamblers, have at it!).  I'm a penny-slot kind of girl, but I killed it.  Maybe I just happened to have lady luck smiling on me that day, but I wouldn't be surprised if the games were a touch looser down here.  They gotta draw the crowd somehow!The rooftop shows are pretty cool (I made my group come down for the Queen one).  The people watching is better though, so if you're prepared for that kind of entertainment, you'll have a good time.
3	Nice place to hang out, we went for the taste and sounds of soul.  The event was pretty weak!  But just hanging out on freemont street is always a good time.
3	If by Fremont Street Experience, you mean the campy neon canopy show, eh, it's ok.  The graphics and music are a throwback to what would have been impressive back in the late 90s.  I'm also not a big fan of the street performers honestly, as I don't like being accosted by random people trying to get me to take pictures with them and then trying to charge me for it.  I've spent a handful of NYEs and St Pat's at FSE, and those have usually proven to be fun.  The pricing for food and drinks is really reasonable, particularly as compared to the Strip.  Given, my times here have always been in groups of friends, and yes, on FSE it is wise to subscribe to safety-in-numbers mentality.What I do appreciate is that FSE is also the Old Strip back when the city wasn't much more than a train-stop, so for surviving the Vegas mentality of destroy-and-rebuild, high-five.
5	My favorite place in Las Vegas hands down. It's where the real folk go to get away from the snobs and wanna be elitists on the strips. Live entertainment. Cheaper drinks. Zip line. Down to earth people. Who could ask for more, other than a shuttle? Oh wait, there's one of those too!I don't know why people spend so much to be a part of the fake & classless on the strip because right here on Fremont St is where I ALWAYS want to be.
3	I walked it during the day which is just okay.  I would say go at night and research when they have the concerts playing.  Overall its great to see some of the old casinos like Golden Nugget down there.  Neat zip lining above the majority of the street.  Lots of street performers you can take pictures with.  Just lots of little things to see and shops of course.
3	GO at NIGHTEvery hour or less they have a special song on this screen very much Las Vegas style. If there is a catchy song, people starts singing and dancing right there. A weird combination of people in famous stars costumes, drunk people, families, kids looking with surprised eyes and  more. You can check the small casinos around and try the greasiest meal on one corner.
4	If you're in Vegas, you MUST go experience Fremont Street. It is FANTASTIC.There's so much to do!!+ 5 football fields long SKY SCREEN--hourly shows with music and videos. The cops close off the streets to cars so people just stand in the middle of the street looking up. It's a huge light show with just random crazy videos. It's as bright as day when the show's on.+ Gambling--downtown gambling is Much cheaper than anything you'll find on the strip. Of course it's not as classy, but you'll spend more time with your money. You can find $5 blackjack and roulette tables at the Golden Nugget. It didn't seem to get way too crowded. =)+ Cheapest souvenirs--find them for $1 at the souvenir shop down the street from the golden nugget. + Live Stage--people perform there randomly. Really cool to just watch something live.+ Zip lines--Some people zip line across the sky screen during the shows. hahaha =)Seriously, if you're in vegas, you HAVE to go to fremont. It's fun, happy, bright, and just a very unique experience. 5 football fields long sky screen!! Really, where are you ever going to see that again???Transportation: You can take the Duces Bus or the regular bus. It's $5 for a bus ticket, reuseable within 2 hours. (You can be nice and pass it off to someone else when you're done if you're not gonna use it again in that time frame. =) )
5	This is the best part of any Vegas trip.  With the street closed off the throngs of people are no longer confined to a thin strip of sidewalk in front of some overpriced hotel.  The performers were entertaining, the bands were fun, and the crowd was down to earth.  Why spend twice as much to have half as much fun on the strip.
5	Truely an amazing experience.The place is pretty much a bunch of TV screens to make a huge music video with the proper sound system to make it exceptional... and its like long!!!!All while shopping, enjoying street entertainment or even ziplining.Food is near.This place gets super crowded!!!
4	Safer and more fun than new Vegas. Younger crowd and better prices. Lots of cool new spots pop up here. Check out insert a coin
3	Freemont Street......by day, it's a trailer trash convention where not even hung-over frat boys will visit......by night it's a magical electric wonderland!
4	Combine two parts gritty neon and fanny pack tourists with one part street performers, drunks, and cigarette smoke.  Add a splash of crazy, cover with a giant television, and shake.  Serve in a large, plastic football-shaped cup.  I like to call it the Downtown Special.I once avoided Downtown Vegas like the plague; perhaps because I was afraid I would actually catch the plague while I was there.  But I'm here to report that I've now embraced it with open arms, as should you.What should you expect while you are Downtown?  Lots and lots of people.  People EVERYWHERE.  But just grab your buddy's hand and start boppin' and weavin' through the crowd while they all stare up at the ungodly eyesore jumbotron that looms over Fremont Street.  You can also expect some old beat-up casinos filled with smoke, some old but recently remodeled casinos that are trying to keep the smoke at bay, and lots of cheap drinks (both in price and alcohol quality).  There are several awful souvenir stores where you can find something truly memorable to commemorate your trip to Vegas.  There are girls dancing on tables (employed by the casino), people dancing in the street (like myself), and people dancing at the outdoor concerts that are thrown frequently.Downtown is definitely a bit on the wild side, so make sure you keep your valuables close and your frozen beverage closer.  Watch where you are walking (uneven pavement, unknown liquids) and be prepared to laugh at all the ridiculous things you are about to see.  Yes, there will be some people wandering around and talking to themselves, but that's part of the experience.  This is definitely not a place for children- you've been warned.A must-stop if you are visiting Las Vegas and a fun night out if you are a local.
3	We went to see the lights(?) show. Lots of street performers, music, spray can painting guys, magician, and bad Elvis impersonators... the usual.  Didn't live up to to the hype. We saw the 8 o'clock show. It was okay. Just know that you have to watch equal amount of commercials beforehand.
5	Wow, what do you do with an old, fading, long-in-the-tooth city, completely overshadowed by a resort area nearby?The last time I was to downtown Las Vegas here some years ago, the big flashing signs on the casinos were dirty, lots of the bulbs were burnt out, bums were staggering up & down the sidewalks, & the casinos were run down & not that busy.  Well, THAT WAS THEN & THIS IS NOW!     :-))Welcome to the NEW downtown Las Vegas, featuring the "Fremont Street Experience"!  As luck would have it (& luck is a very good thing to have when you're in Vegas!), Mike C. & I just happened to be prowling around up here on the evening of Dick Clark's passing.  A special tribute was held, which included a feature presentation of his long, amazing life & career, all displayed on the 5 block long overhead screen that covers Fremont Street here.  Not only that, all of the casinos & other businesses turned off all of their outdoor lights, including their spectacular signs (now restored to perfect, somewhat original condition) for a minute of tribute.  Many patrons poured out of all the casinos along Fremont to join this moment of remembrance, & it was something very special!This place was jumping with zillions of people too, by the way!  There were young & old, kids, locals & tourists.  Bands played free, (yes, wear your dancing shoes!), sidewalk acts such as you see at Venice Beach, CA were all around, Heart Attack Grill kept people eating (& dieing for another hamburger), & it was all a scream, really.  (Speaking of screams, there's even a (slightly) scary, long, zip line ride where you can whiz along for blocks under the canopy.)Come after dark, because this long canopy/display screen covering the mall-cum-street is one of the main attractions.  The fun is free here, including SOME of the parking, if you don't mind hunting around the neighborhood to find it.  In any event...YOU WANT THIS!     :-))
1	I'm sorry. It was horrible. I went years ago when it first opened. It was fun then, i was sad to see old school vegas turned into the south street of vegas, but it was still fun.This time, i held onto my pocketbook and my husband for dear life. It was HORRIBLE, drunkards, bums, random people in underwear asking for tips.. for just standing there in their underwear. Here's a tip, get some clothes Hoes!The casinos were full of riff raff, the staff in most included. We were supposed to have dinner down there, and we couldn't even bring ourselves to walk into a restaurant.I realize this is a very snotty post. If you knew me, you would know i lived in WEST PHILLY for SIX years and now i live in Jersey- yea where snooki is from.... so i'm used to some rough neighborhoods and sloppiness, but this was a little much.Ending on a high note- the people watching can't be beat.
5	This is the kind of experience that you could rate anywhere from 1 star to 5 stars. Why? Because its mad crazy! It's a freak show. it's tacky. It's got live bands. it's got talented artists, impersonators, show girls, Elvii of all kinds, tourists galore, a laser light show that ranges from weird to awesome, overpriced objects for sale, lots and lots of casinos and eateries...  I mean, you have to give it 5 stars because it does weird so well.My favorites: 1) the saxophone player. He definitely loves his sax playing. He's been playing solos to his own background music here for 12 years and attracts a good crowd because he's not only great, but he's a good showman. There is nothing better than listening to a talented artist and witnessing his/her joy in performing. Buy a CD from him!2) the "dance floor". There's either a DJ spinning or a live band, but the fun is watching the half-drunk people crazy-dancing either alone or with impromptu partners. There's something about seeing people of all ages mingling and tossing their cares to the wind to simply have a good time- it just makes you smile. This is where tourists act on the "what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas" mantra- you just KNOW they don't do this stuff at home. On the other hand, a lot of these people are locals- even funnier.3) The laser light show on the ceiling. Some of the shows are boring and song choices are weird. Last night they did American Pie. This is not a happy song, yet people are smiling, dancing and singing to McLean's ode to death and political demonstrations while watching cheerleaders on the ceiling.  That's what happens when the music is so good, I guess.  On the other hand, the previous night they did a rousing show for Queen's performance of We Will Rock You/We are the Champions, which fits a laser light show pretty well.4) Live bands - always fun.Honorable mentions: The guy who does clay sculpture - I might get one done! The contortionist in the leopard suit.   Zip lining.Yes, there are homeless people on Fremont Street just like in other places in Vegas.  Homeless people aren't there to attack or steal from people- they are trying to survive, and that covered ceiling helps to create some heavenly casino-entrance breezes. Yes there are mentally unwell people on Fremont, just like everywhere else.  I don't know if Fremont offers a booth or kiosk where donations can be made to organizations that help the down-and-out, but it would seem a fantastic place to have one. Is this a good experience for young kids? I'd say no, but (as revealed in my Hustler Club review) I can be a prude. After all, I was embarrassed to have a 12 year old with me for the T&A show known as Sirens of TI.  I have seen some sights at Fremont that I wouldn't want a young child to witness, such as drunk people lying on the ground surrounded by cops, a man with his butt hanging out of a pair of silver thongs and fishnet stockings, braless women who may as well not have been wearing a shirt, either (oh wait, that was at the bus stop).  Hey, you know what's missing? Karaoke! Why not? Can you imagine?
4	This a pretty good place to come especially on Saturday night as they have a couple bands playing and also they have a DJ playing a variety of music. There are people everywhere just drinking and having a good time, but to also watch the light show under the ceiling of Fremont street which is the main highlight.The light show is on the hour in the evening, but I'm not sure if they have anything in the daytime.You can get some cheap booze and food from any of the casinos lining Fremont street which makes it so much more of a bargain than you can get from the Strip. Overall if you are a first time visitor to Las Vegas you have to try Fremont street at least once to see the old part of LV.
4	Pretty Cool place to spent a few hours. I enjoyed the live band and like the old Vegas feeling.
5	Wow-o-Wow!During the day - its crap, looks like crap, smells like crap, just crap everywhere. But at night!  What a difference!  Maybe because there is SO many people especially on Saturday night!  Neon lighted casinos and bars in that Old Vegas look is pretty!  The show on the canopy was pretty cool.  Got everybody pumped up.  They play a couple of different ones.  The first one was a 60's groovy hippy song mix - was pretty cool.  Then an hour later they did Bon Jovi!  Everyone was signing and few people who will not be named were dancing!  Pretty cool.  The best part of being at the Fremont Street experience  is people watching!  It's like Wal-mart best of + Cougar town + Hangover + Hoochie city and tourist.  It was awesome!  All kinds of people in one area plus cheap drinks is a good time in my book.  BUT then you throw in impersonators!  Good TImes!  There was Michael Jackson (man in the mirror time), Brett Michaels, Kid Rock (who could have been Brett Michaels) Al Pacino, Snoop Dogg, Tupac, Smoky & The Bandit (who was filipino), 2 memebers of Kiss in painted face, a little person Elvis with a almost homeless looking man in a thong  trying to look like cupid.  Give them a tip and you can take a picture with any of them. There are also some girls dressed up as old school Vegas Showgirls.  Cruising the promenade is fantastic and free!  Not so much kid or eldery friendly as I saw when I was there. There are so many casinos and bars and souvenir shops here.  Zip lining looks fun but the line was pretty long as its only $15 to go once or $50 for unlimited. There are some girly bars.  Live music on 2 stages.  What looked like Zumba class + line dancing at the other end was awesome to watch.  There is a parking structure and parking is fairly cheap.Oh yeah.... The heart attack burger place is also here.  They give you a hospital gown while you eat.  We looked thru the window but didnt eat there.
2	Fremont Street seems like a place the "kids" might enjoy.. Not really much going on that's actually cool. Just a lit/screen roof, ziplining, music, and stores/casinos along both sides of the street. Maybe my expectations were too high (although I'm not too sure what exactly I had expected to see), but it wasn't really much of an "experience", you can pretty much see everything there is to see in about 30 minutes.After walking through Fremont Street, you should head to the downtown area bars which are, unlike Fremont, really cool. I LOVE Insert Coin(s)!
5	This was one of my favorite parts of my recent Vegas Trip!  It was great, I went during the night and saw the Queen Tribute! The place was lit up so wonderfully. Its a dingy strange place were freaks would love to roam, which I loved!  The shops had crazy things to purchase and there were performers everywhere! This place is probably not for everyone, but if you want to experience something you wouldn't every day, I'd go there!
4	fremont street experience.. it's a free show! it's a cool place to hang out for awhile, you have the show going on, vendors and booth to look around... crazy people all dressed up to take pictures. And easy access to any casinos. youi're literally only a few steps away from the casino. Unlike the strip where you think you're a few steps.. but really you're miles away. haha
4	I haven't been here in a couple of years and I still like this old classic feel for Vegas!There are street people who are all dressed up for tips everywhere - from the band KISS, to Michael Jackson to Ozzie Osbourne to Smurfette, Ninja, Bumble bee transformer to Santa Clause in the month of May! You can pose for pictures for tips!It's not the cleanest or nicest area of Vegas but it has that old classy feel to it. This is where it all started...They now have zip lining right above which seems totally fun! Gotta try it net time - $15 before 6 and $20 after 6! Good times ;)If you have never done this before, you have to come at least once. They have a ceiling light show every hour on the hour after 7pm and plays songs from queens! It's kinda cool!
5	It's an experience alright!Love, love it here and I thank Hazel Q. for her wonderful review of downtown. I would have not ventured here without her enticing writing. Some of her reviews made it seem like she's found wonderland.I think, I might actually enjoy downtown more than I enjoy the Strip *gasp*Yes, it's old. Yes, it's shady and there's a lot of closed business, but in my heart, downtown will always be as good as it gets in Vegas. No glitz or glamour of the Strip hotels will match the enchantment that good 'ole downtown has.
4	There was this one particular moment where some sick beats were being laid down, along partially with this one sax dude. Ooooh, it was awesome...!Note: Slight effort for those of us optically challenged.
3	Neon and Fun pretty much describes what it's like at the fremont experience.If you have never been downtown Vegas it's a must at least once and walking up and down fremont street is just something you do when your down there.  I wouldn't say it's something you want to do every visit but once in a decade or so would be pretty much all you need.The light show with music above is pretty fun to watch.  They put in a zipline which was not there last time I visited the place.  It's a pretty popular thing to do as the lines were pretty long.  It looked like fun but I don't care to be hanging by a rope up high like that.  To each is own I say!Local ~ DowntownFun ~ They have a Zipline!Extras ~ Going into the old casino's is fun!
3	Freemont is that place you go to when you don't want to deal with the Vegas strip. The drinks are cheaper, the hotels are cheaper, the food is cheaper, and the women are cheaper...but so is the quality. My reasons for going to Freemont are the cheap drinks and fried goods. The light show is pretty cool and the zip lining looks fun but the people that hang around are...eh...definitely not the same type of people you find on the strip. I guess it all depends on your mood and what type of night you're looking to have. Freemont can definitely be fun if you enjoy it for what it is. The Golden Nugget  is a cool hotel to stay in. There are some historic landmarks to vist as well. Lots of energy at Freemont, try it out once and see how you fit in :)
3	Ever see that movie "Zombieland"? Or "The Road Warrior"? It's kinda like that. Oh, remember that song "The freaks come out at night?" That's not the case here. It's pretty trippy. There's a whole crowd of goths, punk rockers and... movie characters like Spiderman walking around. You can definately tell that you're not on the strip anymore. I even spotted a mini-Mr. T standing around. There are more artists and knick-knack pagodas spread out as well. It's cool to see the people overhead zip-lining across the length of the experience. And then of course there's the hot and trashy women dancing on the outside bars and on the gaming tables inside the casinos. Not so cool is the one stage where apparently anyone can go up and pretend they are Wayne Newton and sing karaoke style all day long. I guess there's a reason why it's called the Freemont Street "Experience". Because it certainly is.
3	A place everyone should experience once in Vegas. That being said, been there, done that!Highlights:*Frozen Long Islands that tastes just like Coke Slurpies (outside Golden Gate Casino) *$1 souvenir shot glasses* Cheap, but short ziplining* Perfect place to go bar/casino hopping
3	Edited, June 16, 2014. So I'm upgrading one more star due to the fact that the city had taken steps to make FSE safer for guests. They are cracking down on the "performers", upgrading police presence, and checking ID's for the concerts that are part of the summer concert series. Big names have played so if you have a chance to see one perform, I highly recommend it. Last summer they offered complimentary VIP passes via social media, but it looks like they've discontinued that. That sucks primarily because I went to see 3 Doors Down, my favorite band, and stayed for 5 songs.  They are using pedestrian traffic gates to divert foot traffic around the concert causing everyone to shove forward. It was so incredibly hot in that crowd, I felt like I was going to pass out :(  Getting out to get a drink is near impossible without losing your spot or missing songs.  People were complaining in the crowd about being bumped into, drinks spilled on them, etc. It's a free concert but I can understand the frustration. Seemed like last year, we ha more room to dance, get drinks, etc and this with like 10 people.  I had planned on seeing Papa Roach on 4th if July but being a holiday, I don't even want to think about how many people will be there. Sadly they are another fave band and I've never had the chance to see then live.The city is trying their hardest to get more people to visit Fremont Street and the old Downtown Las Vegas, but man they need to make changes. First off, the parking situation is not good at all. Whenever I have guests who want to visit there, we park at the Golden Nugget valet during the weekdays, which is free but make sure you tip, or we park in the GN Self parking ramp. It's free for the first 3 hours, and then like $2.00 for each additional hour after that if you get the ticket validated at the cashier's cage. There is a free lot over at Main Street Station, but I wouldn't recommend using this lot at night as you have to walk a couple blocks to get the Fremont and the whole downtown area is not a real safe place.   Second, if I wanted to visit the circus, I'd opt for that option instead of this place. There are costumed homeless people, crack heads, drunks, etc everywhere and these people will allow their picture to be taken for a tip.  A few years ago, there were maybe 10 people in costume roaming up and down Fremont, but these days, it's not unusual to see 30+ people not actually begging for money, but they do everything in their power to make people want to photograph them.  It's ridiculous!  There are people standing around with tip buckets not even dressed up, because apparently that's how easy it is to get money down there. Don't fall into this!  Third, a positive....the table games, and drinks are a bit cheaper than on the Strip.  Mostly all the casinos on Fremont, with the exception of Golden Nugget have $2-$3 Corona Bottles as a special. A few offer jello shots, fried twinkies, oreos, etc....pretty cheaply.  I discourage my guests from hitting Fremont when they visit, unless they want to people watch and drink cheaply, or have never been there.  I don't like gambling and having random strangers come up to my machine asking me how I'm doing, how's my night, btw, can you spare any money?  NO!  Go away!  Where is security!?  There are people begging for money now IN the casinos?  If you're having a tough time, I'm sorry that you're experiencing that, and if you look realistically homeless, I may spare a food product for you, but I'm not giving you cash out of my pocket, or machine for that matter. Sorry.   I hope the city revitalizes the place a little quicker because all the locals (my friends at least) groan when you say you're taking your guests to Fremont.  We're definitely not Club Kids on the strip every weekend or at concerts in the mosh pit, we're dive bar people, we drink bud light, coors, etc...and even Fremont is trashy to us.
4	This is my 2nd visit to FSE. The first time was post college when we had a reunion at our friend's house who lived in Vegas. Since then, never made it back until recently.Here is where the freaks, geeks and sheiks come out!!! Lots of bright lights, drinks to be drunk, and people to see.We had a quarantined area for our group in front of the 80s rock band. It was AWESOME!!! The band played some really good 80s cover songs and everyone was dancing and singing along.There is a canopy with a lighting show and it just so happened that they featured some of our pics for our exclusive event. How cool is that?! It's cool to walk around and check out the local bars. Cheap drinks, not as crowded, and fun!
4	Sights, sounds, action... It's got it all. Creepy costume characters? Check. Grifters? Check. Zip-lines? Check. Vince Neill concert with people taking it wayyyy too seriously (Vince included)? Check.
4	I was in Vegas last year and wanted to go to this place and as it happens I didn't get the chance to go. This year it was my # 1 in the list. So I was there on Monday night and it was crazy, 3 different stages with rock bands playing at the same time, a lot of people walking around, street performers (from spray paint to musicians) some with talent some not, but with really nice bodies (is that a talent???? JK LOL ).  It was really alive and loud some casinos and restaurants, a lot of souvenir stores and people a lot of people.I really enjoyed the lights show with the music, that was cool.  They also have a zip line overhead. Yea there is a lot going on at the same time, a lot.On my first visit I attempted to buy a couple of souvenirs but couldn't so I had to come back the next day to do that. some of the stores have pretty much the same thing, none of great quality. I was able to find some cool items though..FSE  cool experience.
1	This isn't serious....This is an experience in self defense and survival skills....We took the deuce bus to freemont as soon as I arrived I wanted to leave but I gave it a chance.BadLots of homeless druggie typesReally drunk people... Not fun drunk like scary drunkNo good foodWeird people dressed up like kids cartoon charactersBad surrounding neighborhoodAnd the "show"? What show ? It is a freaking KISS 3 song montage that is real loud and extremely cornyI really regret wasting my time thereThere is cool things to see in Vegas avoid this dump
5	Forget the Strip.  If you want to see REAL Vegas...I'm talking flashing, neon lights and old school coin operated slot machines and some people livin' it UP...Fremont is the place to go.  I went there last night since it was a beautiful warm night and they had an 80s cover band playing, and it was magical.  Here's a list of things I did in 6 (count 'em - SIX) hours:- Elvis flying on the zipline- 80s cover band rocking out- George Eads shooting scenes for CSI (I'm about 98% sure it was him)- People having drunken debates about the existence of God (best quote ever, "Excuse me, sir?  You dropped your soul.")- An old man dressed as Santa Claus rocking out to a Whitesnake cover band (yes, this is June, people)- I took a picture with Tupac Shakur- Saw a pirate lady with enormous boobs...seriously, e-nor-mous- Lady with an alien type of baloon hat on pretending to be a bull and charging at a man dressed as Zorro- I went to the Golden Nugget and chilled in the Chart House lounge with some very refreshing summer drinks (read: mango mojito)- I saw my boss who was there with his frat buddies from college...and got him a tequila shot (that'll be awkward Monday)- My friend randomly ran into a girl she went to high school with in Wisconsin- We went to Drink and Drag and saw some pretty busted Drag Queens and some fat chicks bowling who thought it appropriate to undress down to their bras and undies- Went to the Glitter Gulch Strip Club and was hit on by two old menPheeeewwwww.  You tell me where else in the WORLD you can do all that?  The Strip ain't got nuthin on Fremont Street.
4	I have lived in Las Vegas since Dec 05.... I totally love living here, but there are things i miss in my home state of MD..  I have never been to Fremont in my years here, boy have i been missing out...  I love this place,, real people, the food is cheaper, better entertainment options and just a nice place to go at night... They have bands playing pretty much every night...  Don't be a strip snob and head downtown to FREMONT ST..  You will have a great time...
4	Vegas doesn't get better than this. This is where the real Vegas happen. Forget about the strip and all the rich people for a bit. Pros:- Walking distance to it all and NO traffic- Neon Lights- Light Show- Old Style Casinos like Binions and 4 Queens- Everything's lot cheaper than on the strip. - Golden Nugget, as good as any Strip HotelCons:- Can be crowded- Close to some really bad areas, don't leave Fremont street alone after dark that's for sure - smoky casinos (Like everywhere in Vegas).
4	Stayed at El cortez for edc weekend so we walked around here...its pretty cool theres different kinds of food everywhere drink plus theres random people doin random shows n stuff pretty cool..lights on the ceiling are amazing so goo see..its sickk
5	Forget the Strip.  If you want to see REAL Vegas...I'm talking flashing, neon lights and old school coin operated slot machines and some people livin' it UP...Fremont is the place to go.  I went there last night since it...
1	If you're broke & bored. Tourist since1990 & local since 2007 & only been there a handful of times. Low rent.
4	It's old school Vegas, baby!Of all the times I'd been to Vegas, I'd never been to Fremont Street before. That all changed during Yelp Spring Break with Yelp's Night Of The Living Neon. That YEE was right in the middle of the Fremont Street Experience. The girlfriend (my +1) had never been to Fremont Street before either.The covered canopy video screen of lights above the entire street grabbed our attention 1st. That alone is worth seeing. But of course there's more, like the iconic neon cowboy & neon cowgirl, Vegas Vic & Vegas Vicky. There's also a zip line running over & along Fremont Street for a bird's eye view & some aerial excitement.& that's just what we noticed as we hurriedly made our way to the YEE. After the YEE wrapped up, Yelp had promos all up & down Fremont Street so the girlfriend & I hung around & explored. Fremont Street is quite the cacophonous combination of casinos, bars, street performers, live outdoor music & mobs of tourists gawking at all of it (like us).Despite the dazzlingly flashy light display overhead & the pervasive circus atmosphere, Fremont Street still has an old & seedy feeling to it. But that also makes it feel more like the real Las Vegas & less like the Strip's Disneyland meets Rodeo Drive mashup.In fact, with curbside bars serving alcoholic frozen slushee drinks & people everywhere milling about with cocktails &/or beers out in public, I told the girlfriend that it reminded me of New Orleans. I thought she hit the nail on the head when she replied that Fremont Street was like Bourbon Street without the 18th Century French Colonial architecture.For the full old school Vegas experience, we bought a few drinks courtesy of Yelp specials that night & then took public transit back to our hotel on the Strip. Needless to say, that bus ride was also an experience unto itself. Visiting the Fremont Street Experience was quite the Odyssey & 1 I would be down to do again.
4	I dont' even know where to begin. I am still fairly new to Las vegas and havent had the chance to go to this place before, but after a friend came into town and was staying at the Golden Nugget, i am really sad I have'nt been here sooner!Just a few perks:1. If you're on a budget, it is very low cost... I mean really! Old Las Vegas has preserved the good deals on meals, buffets, and drinks. Downtown on the strip.. 11.00 for a cocktail, that frankly, usually isnt that great. Here, it's half the cost and just as good. My friend's father had a steak and lobster dinner that he spent 20.00 on, and said the meal was fantastic!2. One problem I've always had about downtown on the strip is that the people who work there are often stressed, pissed off, and only concerned with how much you are going to tip them, which is really disapointing . Here on FSE, all the employees I came into contact with at the kiosks, casinos, and bars were all VERY friendly and happy workers. It really makes all the difference and puts you in a pleasant mood.3. Sure you've heard this one, but the people watching. There sure are an odd mix of individuals but it makes it funny and entertaining. 4. The crowd... for some reason on the negative reviews of this place I have seen that there are less than pleasant opinions. I don't know if the crowd tends to change very frequently, but I ran into a lot of nice people. Let me say I am a young woman who works in the beauty industry and goes to college, and i had no qualms with the people who were there, so stop being so uptight! These people are fun, and know how to let loose. I saw on a review listed on this place that it resembles Bourbon Street in New Orleans, and I completely agree! 5. You don't have to walk too far from point A to point B. Im tired of paying an ungodly amount of money for a taxi! Everything is easily accessible and there is still a lot to see. 6. its a Casual Setting. If you're going to a club or bar on the strip, Men: don't expect to go anywhere unless you're dressed in dress shoes, pants, and a shirt- to the nines! Strict dress code. Ladies: you can pretty much get away with anything as long as you look nice LOL. On Fremont Street it's pretty much a wide variety of people at a big party. Everyone is nice and having a good time. 7. Live Bands, free, everyday. Although they're cover bands, they have talent, they are energetic, and some of them even take the time to come down and talk to you. *Now, I don't hate the Strip. I like it... I just feel like with everything that I've experienced at FSE, the service and price is far more up to par than the Strip.However, there are a couple things I did not find quite as satisfying:1. Lack of Self-Parking. We had to walk a long way down unless we chose to pay for Valet.2. The Streets were slightly dirtier than the Strip (but honestly, i didn't find it too terrible) The reason I have only given it 4 Stars so far is because I havent gotten a chance to go through everything down there yet, but I plant on it!
4	Was pretty excited to return to Vegas this time around...My first trip here was eh. And we never did make it to Freemont Street. Not only do I love a good party, but I'm also a history buff and wanted to see the old places on what used to be the strip.Went with my mother in law this time around, and got to check it out! Was so glad we did!! In fact, we spent all 3 nights on Freemont, finding our way home in the wee hours of the morning!While she gambled, I checked out the show on their little strip. And not just the one in the sky...although that was pretty amazing as well. Loved their Doors tribute, and seeing the Zipliners fly through periodically!What grabbed my attention the most was the bands. Love a good cover band...and they had a few of them...at one time! Grabbed myself one of the huge arse drinks they sold, and went out there to check one out. Entertaining, Rocky...and a bit too flashy for my liking...so I started giving the singer crap in the middle of a Guns and Roses song...was up front, so would shake my head no...or shrug my shoulders, like eh...caught his attention, because he would try something different each time until I found myself really enjoying his singing - but then again, it just may have been that margaretta!! The second day, I found myself talking to the entertainers that frequent the street. Adjusting the ballerina's sash, explaining to MJ how great he looks... considering! Great place to people watch...talked with a few other out of towners, some locals and checked out Rock of Ages...who was cheesy fun!! This time around, I was smarter about my drinks...while browsing through the selection of gift shops there, noticed they had a good selection of booze at the shop. Picked me up a super sized beer for $3 and went out to enjoy the sights! Did that 2x that night...save my money for other things!! Like my amazing piece of art I bought from a street vendor. Yeah, so I got suckered...but my spiderman is absolutely amazing!! Third night, was a bit bored of the scene, but still had a kick ass time. DeNero was giving me crap...there was another MJ on the scene, and the ballerina looked in much worse shape then the night before. ZZ Top (impersonators) were playing the main stage, and my band from the night before in the back. More people watching, drinking - found my new favorite at the Whisky bar - Honey Jack, Sprite and twist of lemon - so good!! Did manage to check out the Nugget while I was here, had to go in! Absolutely LOVE their pool. Just wished I had checked them out before eating that night...was looking for sushi, and being rushed to get down there, didn't have a chance to find a place! Did eat a very good Italian dinner that night on Freemont...their Veal was probably some of the best I've had in a long time.Freemont really made my trip fun and interesting! The bus ride back to the hotel every night was always fun!! But, can't say I recommend doing more then 2 days...really wished we hung out on the strip that last night so I can explore more there...but, that's what the next trip is for...right?!
5	Incredible Visual & Multi-Media Displays At Night!SITREPThe Fremont Street Experience is uniquely in the Downtown (OLDER) district of Las Vegas at the North End of "The Strip" (which is actually closer to where I was staying in the Stratosphere, so I loved it the evenings I checked it out!).  The vibe of the Fremont Street Experience is almost like the 4th of July every night!  An Amazing Outdoor Open Air Festival with Drinks and Food vendors is the crux of the Fremont Street Experience! SETUPOf course, with my luck I ran RIGHT IN THE MIDDLE OF ZOMBIES!  They were all over this particular night, featuring a promotion for the Zombie Apocalypse Store, so it was all fun.  And to listen to the band, we could NOT have had a better view nor be better situation for outstanding sound-quality from the music performances, whether from the live band or from the multi-media concert events taking place over our heads.And speaking of over our heads, how surreal it was to have a lot of peeps do the zip-lining that raced over head from one side of the street's open square area to the other side!  All-in-all, an incredible good time!MULTIMEDIA EVENTRight over our heads is a acoustic mesh roof with visual reception that allows spectacular shows to go on every hour on the hour, consisting of great video clips of patriotic themes, great (loud) music, Vegas-inspired iconic images, and....beautiful girls dancing.  *sigh*  THE FOOD!This night was food truck heaven with delicious stands of food from first rate establishments with the likes of http://SinCityWings.com and Grouchy John's Coffee.  This made for a fun time and "amped up" the offerings in a fun way.THE DRINKS!There was also promotional vending with a wonderful array of beverages including Tito's Vodka, and the Tito's girls (who were so friendly and liberal in making great vodka drinks), Sokenbicha Blended Drinks (I enjoyed some aromatic Green Tea and Bold Barley throughout the night), and Glaceau Vitamin Waters. CARNIVAL (CARNIVORE?!?) FUN!And as I mentioned previously, there were beautiful zombie babes from the ZOMBIE APOCALYPSE STORE!  Who can deny that Zombies make things more fun!  Whether parades, or grandma's after-church tea-party, Zombies KNOW HOW to liven things up!  .THE LOWDOWNThe Fremont Street Experience is how I most vividly remember my trips to Vegas!  In hindsight, that is saying something!
4	First time here and wow, so much to see.  And the light show / video show on the ceiling is pretty cool as well.  I hear casinos here have better payouts?  And I like that there are vendors on the street and that things are overall just cheaper here than on the strip.  What I didn't like was that because things were so much more enclosed, you couldn't escape the cigarette smoke that just happened to be everywhere.   Not sure if I'd stay here, but I'd definitely come back to just hang out for a few hours.
4	And I thought I saw crazy ish on the strip...I saw even crazier stuff here!We took the bus here from the strip which only cost us $5 roundtrip. The food, drinks, and the gambling is cheaper here. Oh and don't forget souvenirs. Don't waste your money buying them on the strip, just get them here!I saw a lady with 40HHHHH sized boobs, chippendales, Tupac, Biggie, a magician, and a whole lot of other stuff.I didn't get to try to zip line since the line was way too long. I would sugguest doing that early before it gets dark.Freemont is definitely and experience and I will be back to try the zip line.
4	This was fun! We went to go hangout before the light show. There were plenty of stores and street performers to keep us occupied before the show at the top of the hour. There was a zip line, which we didn't do, but people seemed to be having fun on it. Paid parking garage was very close. They have 6 shows throughout the night, and all of them are different. The show itself lasted between five and ten minutes. Technologically, it is pretty impressive. The LEDs are far enough that it looks like a screen 20 feet above you. Sound quality was good, too.
4	Your trip to Vegas is not complete until you have been to Fremont St. Sooo much fun and entertainment! People watching is the best part!!! Ride the bus from the strip 24/7 for $7.00.
5	Had an amazing time here, brought my yards and had no problems getting the refills at all the bars. Had dinner at Tony Roma's, it was delish. Got my palm read by Mrs. Laurie she was FANTASTIC. I love coming here, it's like the red headed step child of the strip!
4	I have lived in Vegas for a year, but have been visiting for the last 10.  And I have seen Fremont St change so much.  I love hanging out here.  Always unique characters.. and cheap drinks.. This is where I would direct any of my friends to if they come into town.
5	We had a GREAT time on Freemont Street. Everything about it was fantastic. The live music, the bartenders, the celebrity impersonators, (Michael Jackson, Johnny Depp from Pirates of the Caribbean) just fabulous. Shopping, easy access to the Casinos, even zip lining and way more to mention. If you are wanting to have a good time, I highly recommend visiting Freemont Street. You will not be disappointed.
4	It's downtown.  Let that sink in and realize that you are going to Ghetto Vegas.  You are hanging out with people that couldn't even afford to pay $22 to stay at Excalibur.  You go here to watch the human freak show reality show.  Expect any more than that and you'll be disappointed and probably pretty disgusted.  But if you are the type that likes to go to a dive bar every now and then, Fremont Street will probably be right up your alley.
3	What's not to like? It's NEON Vegas at its finest. Glitz, glamour of the golden years of Las Vegas remains on Fremont Street. The Fremont Street experience is blocks of hotels, bars, shops, restaurants, street performers, and experiences. You can even zip-line down the street! Check out the Mob Museum and learn about Las Vegas history. Go gamble at the Four Queens or Golden Nugget. Drinks in this area are super cheap if you pay for them. Gamble and your drinks are comped. The city is your oyster for the evening and go have some fun.
4	Old Vegas is alright by me.  The Freemont experience reminds me of a town carnival area. There is a sense of old and grunge to the area but nothing bad, of course its not the Bellagio, Caesars or and establishment like the Mandalay Bay but it is the original Vegas strip. The sides are lined with sourvenir shops, casinos, small restaurants and bars. I wish we could have stayed to see the light show at night but I still enjoyed my day on Freemont.
4	I definitely think downtown has come a long way over the last few years.  Things like First Fridays, Street Eats, the Farmer's Market, Zappos are some recent factors for the rejuvenation of the city.  The Fremont Experience is a consistent attraction that has kept people coming back downtown for years.  This attraction is great and entertains just about everyone.  The dome show they have is awesome.  The live bands daily is a great touch for the locals and tourists.  There's zip lining and street artists of all shapes, sizes and personalities.  I definitely think the engineering of the Fremont Street Experience was genius.  Placing a dome top between all the dowtown casinos and using their air conditioners to cool the outside no matter the time of year is well thought out!  Whenever in Vegas or just looking for a fun night out, let your hair down and come up to the Fremont Street Experience.  Even if you don't drink, you'll have a wonderful time people watching and enjoy what this place has to offer!
3	This is more a review for the place as a concert venue than anything else.I typically avoid this end of Vegas for obvious reasons - tough to get to, random degenerates on the street always asking you for money, crowded awkward streets... you get the idea. I won a "meet and greet" with Warrant and Skid Row so I thought I'd at least go and give the place a chance.The shows were good, but the night sure as hell didn't win me over. This place has a long ways to go to be the concert venue it could be. These are my major issues:First and foremost, they don't know shit about how to do meet and greets. They ushered us through for a quick photo and handshake with the bands and cast us aside. I wasn't even able to get my record signed - first time I can honestly say that about a MEET AND GREET. Come on, seriously? This alone is reason for me to never come back. In all fairness they gave us autographed photos, but this isn't the same as getting your vinyl signed.Second, the overall setup of the area by the stage needs work. Basically you can't get near the stage, in the "VIP" area unless you have a badge (won from the radio, press badge, etc.) This sounds like a good idea... until you realize they have made the VIP area so big that TOO MANY PEOPLE are able to get in. If it's a little VIP area with like 30-50 people with badges, that's great, and it lets the rest of the crowd get closer. When you make this section too big and you give lanyards to like 200-300 people, something is wrong. It got so crowded because too many people had the VIP badges, that being there didn't make much of a difference. Next, security needs to be a little more strict. I still ran into my share of degenerates, including some drunken middle-aged guys that were flashing their chests at me (I wish I could say this was a joke, I really do.) And no one seems to have bothered telling security that marijuana is illegal - I could smell patrons smoking it from the start of the show, right down to the end. If you're not going to have security enforce the laws, what is the point of having a security staff? I normally wouldn't mind the marijuana thing so much, but lots of parents had their kids down there, watching the shows, so it was totally inappropriate. It is also worth pointing out that the prices of goods on the Fremont Street Experience is ridiculously high - it's $8 for a regular sized bottle of water! Likewise, parking is not good - there are many casino garages you can use, but these are cramped, it's still a decent trek to get to the Experience, and you have to pay for your parking if you're there for a long time (granted this isn't really the Experience's fault, and there may have been more convenient lots I didn't know about, so I can't say this is a certainty.) Long story short, having free shows with great bands is always nice, but the Experience needs a lot of work. They need to learn how to do proper meet and greets, fix the VIP area, and start enforcing the laws properly. If anyone from Fremont is reading this, it's going to take some work to get me to come back. See to it that you don't disappoint.
5	I love it here.There is always something going on at FSE. Usually bands playing or a food truck event. I saw Luke Bryan for free this year and that was a highlight!I love that you can walk around with a yard if margarita and watch the neon show in the sky. They change it up depending on what time of year.They have a zip-line that is totally awesome!  You get to zip-line down Fremont street how cool is that?! If you want to do it during the day it is $15 per person and if you want to do it at night it is $20 per person. I liked it at night because of all the neon that you don't get to see so well during the day. There are certain weight restrictions so check with them on that.Some parking garages are free and some free with validation but there are also some dirt lots free to park in and that is what I usually do. They aren't a far walk to FSE and why not take in the scenery for a block until you get there anyway.
4	I come here whenever I have guests in town to show some historic places in vegas and sometimes on first fridays for just a good time. They have some activities around the street that's always amusing but I wouldn't walk around outside of the fremont street as I think it can get a little dangerous, especially after 2am.
4	I think next Vegas Trip I'm staying here instead of on the strip!
2	Very disappointed, and quite frightened, This was like being in the "ghetto" section of Las Vegas. Their were crack heads and other types begging for money.  You definitely needed to look over your shoulder. We were there in the daytime so maybe it's different at night but I would not go back on my next trip to Las Vegas, that's for sure. Even the casinos are dark and dingy, not exciting or appealing at all.
5	I've visited this place several times in the last 5 years and I'm always impressed by the crowds it draws. Tables are cheaper at the casinos up there. Just don't go on a night that the main stage features Ranchero music. You'll have to wade through the cowboy hats and avoid being trampled by thousands of pairs of snakeskin boots.
5	Drunken old guy who looked like santa was the best part. All sorts of big breasted pirate hookers, and other people in costume. One guy looked exactly like DeNiro in Casino, so these guys really put some effort into it. Come for the light show, stay for the creatures.
3	Fremont Street is an Experience. Take it for what it is...old Las Vegas gone wild. The overhead show is cool. Zip line seems odd (wondered if there's a weight limit for that). Several live bands.All sorts of oddities to see....both local and tourist versions. Envision Cousin Eddie from Vegas Vacation with the 40oz beer or half yard cocktail, along with the side show freaks and geeks.The casinos have been updated but are very smokey.Most things are typical vegas high prices, except the 97 cent souvenir place.All in all, it's something to go see, but plan on taking a shower afterward. :-)
3	Fremont Street Experience is cool and great for people watching but stay away when they have what they call a "Special Event".  Last night we made the mistake of coming here when Brett Michaels was playing on the  main stage.  Every parking area had a $5 charge and there was lots of pushing and shoving your way through a thick crowd just to get to the end of the street.  It was like being in a sardine pack but hotter and sweatier.  Come on a less crowded night and you'll have fun.
3	Like an ugly, cheap stripper without teeth, there are its pros and its cons to  downtown.    I love coming for a chill night, devoid of heels and pretentious people walking around (like the strip can have). Every casino is small and close by, so AC is not far to get, as it is on the strip. Drinks are cheap. There are flashy neon lights everywhere which give good photo ops, and cheap drinks, and cheap buy-ins to play in black jack.  Played for like an hour at black jack, in one casino with only 40 bucks.    We parked at the Golden Nugget, which was free for the first 3 hours and 2 bucks after that. The bad is that it is far from the strip and I probably wouldn't stay downtown (maybe at the Golden Nugget) and the casinos can be skeezy and not glossy and chic like ones found on the strip. There's also some odd drunks/bums (?) walking around, but luckily none came up to ask for "spare change". Everything closes down around 1 on a weeknight....the casinos are still going, but rarely any waitresses comping drinks, and the light show goes off, and all the vendors pack up to go home.
3	So, there really isn't anything to do in vegas but sit at the pool all day and walk around at night (that is if you don't have time to visit the hoover damn and do other things in the area AND you're not much of a gambler)If it's a rainy day, be careful  on the streets of Las Vegas, you could DIE, or break something. Everywhere is super smooth.It was interesting to see the progression of people throughout the week from Wednesday evening to Saturday evening.  The bands are pretty good, but they need to mix up their routine, every night the same set....gets played out.Cute girls on the walk... Good for people watching.
3	A little hokey and lame but I'm still glad we made the trip. There is nothing here to see that is really worth a trip except for the vibe and nostalgia of Old Vegas. The light show is cool but you'd never need to see it more than once. The type of people in Old Vegas are not the type of people you see on the Strip - it's a little seedier and much more downtrodden. A cab from the Strip is about $25 each way. Too steep for my blood. Fun to do once, but only once.
4	Me and hubby came here for the first time and at the wrong time. I am assuming there was a popular Mexican performer having a concert and we almost got stuck in the big crowd bc we didn't see it coming. I got out of there asap and walked towards the right side where there was room to breath. I won $87 on a penny slot machine because I had to get away from the huge crowd. After the concert was over there were broken glasses and junk everywhere. On the other side there was a Bon Jovi impersonater performing and he sang all the good rock songs. We got in a long line for fried oreos but half way there they decided to stop selling them so we left. It was a pretty cool experience coming here. Parking is $1 for every 30 minutes so that ain't too bad.
3	An experience, that's for sure, but it's GHETTO!!! It's about a half and hour cab ride from the strip (yes, not kidding), and the light show lasts about 10 minutes tops. Watch out for the drug addicts, homeless people, prostitutes, and pimps. But the lights are a LOT of fun to look at--it's definitely glittery and a lot for your senses to take in. It's a lot more low-key than the strip--you won't find party girls in skin-tight dresses and sky-high heels (or, you will, but they will be "party girls" if you catch my drift), and you won't have the douchebag guys in their low v-neck shirts or vests over their button downs waiting for the club. This is definitely more chill. Take it for what it is, I guess!!
1	cheezy nightmare
4	The bands are playing with the lights going off with street performers. Very cute!! People are ziplining across the whole street. There were alot of people dressed up from various star wars, indians. show girls. elvis, 2pac, snoop dogg, nate dogg, spartans. It was pretty interesting.
4	A great People Experience place. Free enterainment watching the drunks.  Light show acros the covered three block area. If you are out of money and need something free to do or just need break from casino, take a couple of hours.Best not when it is 100 degrees out though!!
3	Fremont was a different experience from the strip and the rest of Vegas. It was cool to experience the original strip. It's a lot smaller like 2 blocks long so the whole walk down is probably like 5 minutes. It's more laid back than the strip and less glamorous...more sleezy. lol It was rock n roll night so they were playing all this horrible 80's rock music which drove me nuts but anyways...If you get too hot you can always go in the Golden Nugget which is nice and updated. They have a pool that takes you through a shark tank through a glass tube that is separated. My favorite part was the street actors: there was a ton...2pac, Snoop Dog, Michael Jackson, Catwoman, Kiss, etc. I took a picture with 2pac and Snoop. It's fun engaging with the actors. I give them major props. If you like to people watch, you will like this place. The other part I liked was the street artists spray painting artwork. Pretty cool. They are seriously talented. I missed the light show, I caught the tail end. One thing that I would like to do next time is the zip-lining but I was just too hot that day. But, basically you zip-line down the whole covered part of Fremont. It's not in the best area but being from Chicago, I am always aware of my surroundings and there is lots of parking close by for reasonable prices. Lastly, it was funny seeing all the little boys make googly eyes at the half naked street performers! There was surprisingly a lot of kids there but hey it's Vegas!!
3	When walking through Fremont Street, the first thing that came to mind was Hollywood Blvd. on steroids. You get a bunch of crazies, drunks, people dressed up as pop culture icons, and crackheads who seemingly only know how to ask for change or beer. The only reason I'd even consider giving it a 3-star rating is because of the pretty cool light show, free concerts, and easy access to liquor and beer from the bars and little stores.
4	Parking starting to feel like California but I love this place!! Where else could people watching be this entertaining!! And the atmosphere is laid back and chill love it.
3	Well....I dropped 30 grand on the Nugget slots, had to sell my ass on Fremont Street...Tom Waits knew what was up all those years ago and not much has changed.It's changed, but it's the same.  There's a light show overhead, there's new casinos and the hotels downtown are looking much more upscale.But the real Vegas grit is there, you can smell it in the air and feel it on your skin.Dancing girls on the bars, a band at each end of the 'experience' and gawking tourists with their three foot plastic cups pushing strollers with passed out kids at 1am.It's sometimes a little too real, but hey, I like that.
4	There is no better place in Las Vegas to go and people watch!  Always someone walking around who needs a mirror and those who just don't care.  The shows on the canapy always make me wanna dance.  The KISS is my favorite!!!!There is plenty of great eatiers to fit every budget and taste.  From a casual sit down dinner to a fried Twinky.  The drinks are cheap and plenty.Can we talk about the performers?  AWESOME!!!  Bands to fit everyone taste in music and the spray paint artist always draw my attention for hours.  Walking around and seeing three Captain Jack Sparrows is a blast.  Fremont has really become one of my favorite places in Las Vegas and glad to see so many locals are coming back!
3	Oh good lord! I've been here too many times to count, but my last visit was Rock of Vegas, a free show going on with none other than Bret Michaels. One new attraction was the zip-line right down Fremont Street, which looked pretty cool, and VERY happy that people are not like birds and just poop when they are flying overhead. (Yes, I was thinking that each time a group whizzed by.)I was secretly hoping that the bizarre *blondtourage* from the Rock of Love/Bus fame would be hanging about, but no luck. We did see about four Bret Michaels impersonators, which was hilarious. By the time Bret came out the crowds were INSANE, and the heat was still in the 90's made everyone a bit .... um ..... volatile. I was at one point watching a woman screaming at a group of deaf people to get "the f**k out of her way!!" (Since they were all signing in ASL, I safely assumed they were.) I was more perplexed when she wanted me to join in on the anger, and I kept shouting at her, "They can't hear you, they are DEAF" and her drunken response was, "Yeah, those stupid f**k heads need to get out of my way!" I glanced over at the deaf group as they were all signing one another and mocking her by holding their hand to their ear.  Oh geezus, get. me. out. of. here.My panic attack kicked in full force, and the girls piled me into a cab so we can get back to sanity, on The Strip of course!
3	If you're in Vegas and not into the whole get wasted at a club crowded with sweaty and mean people, Fremont Street is for you! This blocked off street is the old school Las Vegas. The historical site has free entertainment on weekend nights. Beers everywhere in a pitcher or a high tube. The people here are nicer and more mellow an casual. Lots of street performers here. They have a neon light show at night every hour. The casinos are old and very cluttered with cigarette smells. They also added a zip lining experience which is really cool. Check it out here: http://www.yelp.com/biz/flightlinez-las-vegas#query:zip%20line%20tours.
4	The Fremont Street Experience is a blast. In a Vegas ghetto way.Forget all your stuffy strip restaurants and casinos. Why walk a 1/4 mile between one strip hotel and another to see the same overpriced food and clothes. How many times can you watch a fountain?Who stays in their Vegas room except to sleep or (***k) anyway?Why play at $15, $25, $50 minimum hand per play blackjack on the strip? $5 blackjack hands are the going price......You can switch casinos in a heartbeat or two.  And the overhead show is awesome!  And it changes all the time.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/3xmfT7l3xNH5LK1dLzfvGw#AALYCo_R-Bi25Cy-dyrFJAWhy pay $100+ to see a show on the strip? The FREEmont show is, well free.FUN FUN FUN and freaks too!From the zip line, Mob Museum, $2 tall boys, Binions deli (Boars head), Main St Station buffet, Golden Nuggets shark tube, $1.5 bacon dogs. The giant neon canopy, free 70's, 80's, 90s bands play free every night. Were else could you see spray paint artists, and showgirls? Chippendale's dancers and get a $2 dollar margarita? Custom made signs and bedazzled I-phone cases? Spider-man (fake) and a dude in a wheelchair compete for a beer? S&M performers and football beers? Line dancing to hip hop and pole dancing. Cops on bikes and freaks on meth. Krispy Kreme and Vegas souviners, A million cash dollars.....http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Zzl4ffV9kFY3yOSSgyRUBQ?select=hYUktnjvTieGQJmcdpO99g#l4XEW1HHImBkpp-UK6AykAMet these two dudes coming out of the bathroom at Binionshttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/3xmfT7l3xNH5LK1dLzfvGw?select=jwxFa3IkEYd_XMwC0wU-6Q#jwxFa3IkEYd_XMwC0wU-6QOld school showgirlshttp://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=1We_DbwYwIhfFrVBJ2--gQ&userid=EMMzx-gGDKsU4enmbae6dwNew Schoolhttp://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=nziLpXjU-J4ctwWDTDzgBA&userid=EMMzx-gGDKsU4enmbae6dwNuggy sharkshttp://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=0myEgMzD9fyfnNRWncgcvQ&userid=EMMzx-gGDKsU4enmbae6dwCoolhttp://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=BUgn6k9tlzeblkmTfrQrZg&userid=EMMzx-gGDKsU4enmbae6dwBest bets for eats downtown:Top of Binions Steak House (Bennys prine rib end cut!)Main Street Station Buffet (Best buffet downtown)Vic & Anthonys Steak House in the Nugget (Ribeye & lump crab)Market Street cafe at the Cal. (Oxtail stew! & midnight breakfast)Binions Deli (legit cornd beef and pastrami)Hugo's Cellar (Lobster bisque and scampi)Just because:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MQCFhrInBcoLet your hair down.If you havn't been downtown in a while you are not living. Viva Downtown Las Vegas!Yup I'll be back
3	A main thoroughfare containing several gift stores and vendors, as well as street performers and a light and scene show projected onto an elongated elevated screen encompassing several blocks. As a side note, most all conventions which arrive to the city display their themes here, such as characters, cars, music, etc., also yielding parades from time to time. Notably, the Annual Knight Rider convention, where KITT is parked.
5	It's the modern version of Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas! A laser light show on the canopy featuring cats wearing lipstick!  I saw a real bearded lady, a dirty spongebob leaning over the stroller of a screaming baby, anything and everything!  Hilariously fun people watching. Def Leopard cover bands & 80's cover bands performing for free. This street is open container friendly...beers,  mixed drinks,  and bottles are A-ok. It's a sensory overload and I loved every minute of it!
5	Back in the early 80's I remember walking Fremont street on side walks under bright lights and seeing a ton of people doing the same, there were still cars driving the street and the overhead canopy hadn't been added. Wow, things have changed.  Even from when I first moved here 12 years ago, the Fremont Street Experience has changed.  All I can say now is, it's full of fun, freaky, and fantastic sites.  If you haven't been downtown in a while, you must go and be sure to stick around at night, the overhead canopy becomes a video screen with graphic arts, flashing lights and music.  There are different themes, so each hour is a different showing.  There are several stages with live bands playing, it's free concerts!  There is a zip line, and for a small fee, you can take the plunge. There are kiosks full of t-shirts, jewelry and purses.  And then there are the entertainers!  I saw men dressed as women, women dressed as women, and people dancing and performing all sorts of skits.  Some were fun, some were freaky, and some well..... Go downtown and let your fun show!  it's a great place to let it all out.
4	Glittering lights. Stunning visual and sound effects. Crowds of people. Nice lively place... good Viva Vision shows every hour in the evening!  As its outdoors, the tempratures may get uncomfortable though its shaded!
4	How some things in Vegas change and some (thankfully) don't.  The Freemont Street Street Experience is always a good time and I highly reccomend it for anyone who is visiting Las Vegas.  It's just one of those things you have to see while in Vegas.  The street show runs every night, above Freemont Street, each hour, on the hour.  Really a neat thing to see.  Most everyone you meet on Freemont is quite nice, if a bit inebriated.  It's also one of the best places out West to go people-watching.  You will always see a veritable cast of characters coming out of the woodwork after the sun goes down.  Though you don't see them that much, the cops are around there, so it's pretty safe. Lots of clubs, casinos and shops up and down Freemont.During the day, you'll see the living statues...always a hoot.
4	Really worth a visit when in Las Vegas! Shows occur on the hour all night and last approx 15 min.Everything is looser in old town!p.s. stay at the Golden Nugget!
4	You have to love the Fremont Street Experience.  No, really.  You have to.  First, this is old time Vegas at it's best... then it's kind of swirled around with new Vegas when you throw in the awesome Fremont street sky show thingy that, by the way, I LOVE.  All summer you have awesome bands... okay, awesome if you're me and old, but still... who does not love 80's rock bands?  WHO?   WHOOOO!?!?   Fremont Street is just fun.  You're going to drink and you're going to see live bands, and street performers and artists and you're going to buy crap you don't want and gamble at shabby casinos.  If you're lucky, you'll find some of the better bars and restaurants offered and you... yeah, you, are going to have a blast.  I dare you to do Fremont Street and NOT have fun.Oh yeah, and they have a ton of neons from the Golden Age of Vegas along Fremont street.  Definitely worth a look see.Not FIVE star because while it is fun and cool, it is old and old can be good, but it can also just be old.  Some casinos are remodeling and there is huge improvement from say, ten years ago, but it is still old.
4	I always love going down fremont street and watching the street show the last time I was there they had Kiss. There is always something going on and so many things to see they always have impersonators, a couple of weeks ago, they had spiderman,  they have a bunch of bars as well, that are very easy access,  I love the fact that they do not have all the "clickers as I call them, as they do every five feet on the strip handing out porn cards" which is really ice. I also enjoyed watching people try to wiegh over 350 pounds at heart attack burgar on the scale that sits outside.
5	Old Skool Vegas at its best. I can't believe how much time I've spent on the Strip throughout the last few years. Friday night I headed from the Strip down to Fremont and couldn't even get close. It was Gay Days in Vegas and there was a parade. As a good photographer I jumped at the chance to photograph the evening. I walked a block or two and found a great spot. I shot the entire parade and came across a few stages. One had a great, gorgeous (she really was a woman) DJ. After the parade The Nancy Rayguns took the stage and is one of the most talented 80s bands I've ever seen. The next night I headed back to see Rock Candy and Rok of Ages, two great hair hands who played at different stages along Fremont.The people on Fremont aren't the over rich, dumb drunk women, and ugly hot men, they're real people. Friendly people. Sure there are some ghetto dwellers and we saw two people in smurf outfits take off their costume heads to smoke crack in an alley (I am serious). But Fremont has character! I loved the choreographed lights, loved the music, loved the people, the pizza by a slice, the beers wherever you are, the zip line, I love Fremont.
3	Last in Vegas about 14 years ago and never made it to the Fremont area of old Las Vegas. Well this time I made it my business to get there. Gritty,grimy,noisy,colorful,weird,kitchky,slightly dangerous and fun! All of the reasons we come to Vegas in the first place. I will return.
5	awesome place! can't wait to go back!!
5	It's old school Vegas... Cheaper drinks & food then the strip.... Free entertainment.... Lot's of low limit table games... I'm a fan to say the least...
3	I prefer the strip to downtown when I go to Vegas, but whenever my wife's family comes to visit we stay at the Golden Nugget. 1st thing... If you stay downtown, stay at the Golden Nugget! Excellent hotel with a pool to die for.Walking down Fremont Street at night is definitely an experience. There are a lot of great things to see. The light show (a must see for newbies) and the outdoor bands are generally excellent. The shrimp cocktail at the Golden Gate is a must have, although they removed the deli and is only available in their restaurant.The negatives... If you have ever been to Hollywood you see all the people dressed as cartoon heroes that you can take pictures with (for a donation). You are constantly accosted by them as you walk down the street. I stopped at a cigar kiosk to buy a couple cigars and asked the guy about all of the "Heroes". He said that the city designated the street as a "park" so they can't regulate them. The city really needs to control this. There are a lot of homeless on Fremont Street. Usually not a problem, but I have seen fights break out between inebriated homeless people. Last time we were there (Sept 10-14 2012) I saw a homeless woman beating the crap out of a homeless man. Last thing. If you have a desire to have McDonald's food, be prepared for a long wait with servers that can barely tolerate you in the "D" (used to be Fitzgerald's Hotel). It's worth going, interesting things to see, just be aware that you might see more than you bargained for.
5	For a first time visitor, Downtown Las Vegas [after dark] is a must! I live in Vegas 6mos. a year ,and even after being here over 50 years every time I get downtown I still have a great time. Ive been told the slots pay better,the free drinks come more often ect..all kinds of free music,free Fremont experance, people watching you bet... if you don't have fun here, then shame on you.....anyway first timer get down town!
3	A summer and a year just doesn't seem complete for me without the old annual summer road trip. This year Las Vegas was chosen! Steven and I wanted to keep it simple and not go to too many night shows and take it easy. Things got a bit more complicated than we would have liked but Vegas is a complicated city!One of the stops we had in mind was going to the Fremont Street Experience. As another reviewer said it is a cross of old school Vegas with elements of The Strip. There are the old buildings but there is also the high tech gadgetry as well. I wasn't too sure what to expect from Fremont Street but I was a bit disappointed overall. Perhaps I was looking for the high end shopping of The Strip but most of the stores here were your typical tourist shops selling t-shirts and key chains. There were street vendors selling food to the throngs of people lining up to see bands imitate metal bands of yesteryear as well as individuals dressing up as celebrities.Probably my favorite part of the Fremont Street Experience was the portion of the mall (if that is what you want to call it) where there is an enclosed roof and the inside of it is a giant television screen where the images change at a rapid rate and at times feels like you are undergoing a acid trip. Another thing that was really cool was the ride where you climb on a ladder and ride through the air on a cable for about less than half of the span of the mall.I wouldn't label Fremont Street as a do or die destination while in Vegas. Much of it can be seen already on The Strip but it does offer a slice of old Las Vegas that is not often seen unless you go Downtown.
5	Almost my favorite part of Vegas! Its like Vegas at its best! Everything is original I feel like I'm in one of those old Vegas original movies every time I walk through. So what it doesn't have all the expensive bs everywhere I prefer paying my dollar beers and shrimp cocktails in the most comfortable shoes and having a blast! Lots of fun things to see on Fremont street even for the kids.. zip line? yes, yes I think so! good times for family in Vegas! oh good way to burn off calories walking through it!
4	I can say I love coming up here from the strip. And honestly I think I will try and stay here at least one night next visit to Vegas. Most of the shops are mostly soveniers and liquor stores. But I loved playing the old school coin op slots. The show on the ceiling is fun if you haven't seen it before. But not a draw to come back for sure.
3	Having been to Vegas a few times, and, even staying at the Golden Nugget - I must say that Fremont St. is something you have to see while you're in Vegas.Live bands, the light show above the street, and the general 'sleaze' is just funny to see.  A much different crowd than you would see on the Strip.  And what's up with people in Vegas keeping their kids out until all hours??!  So many kids passed out in strollers, or, with bloodshot eyes from being so tired.  Much more 'economical' gambling, as well.  YES - they still take your money, just not as quick as you may lose it on the Strip - LOL.  Highlights: go check out Four Queens, Mermaids, and Golden Gate (where there are actually go go dancers in the pit area - classy!!!  LOL).  If you go, just keep an eye out for the shady characters lurking.  You will see them - trust me!
5	It's the Vegas locals that are fun to watch here.
4	Every time I visit Fremont Street, I always think of that 80's U2 music video, "I still haven't found what I'm looking for", before they revamped downtown to attract more tourists. The only good thing Downtown Las Vegas has going for it is the Fremonet Street Extravaganza starting from the Plaza Hotel all the way towards the Fitzgeralds and now called the D Resort which is a stupid name if you ask me and I think Downtown is trying to go hip just like the main strip.  I haven't stayed in Downtown Las Vegas yet but plan to sooner or later just to compare this to the strip where I usually stay at and this being old Vegas, you have better comps for low rollers, cheap food and cheap entertainment.  Live bands are scattered all around the Fremont Street and so are vendors and street performers looking to make some tips in the dying city you call North Las Vegas. Above you is the zip line which is pretty cool but I've been on better zip lines compared to this and I give it some thought. The crowd around here is not the best look since it's North Las Vegas, you are more likely to run into crackheads, homeless people, ghetto, low class and the usual tourists.
1	I give it one star for the fact this is old vegas, but it reminded me of Venice Beach CA, all the street vendors and street freaks come out. I don't think I need to go back.TC
3	Every time I am here I always think of Balrog's back stage on Street Fighter.
4	If you're sick and tired of spending your vacation on The Strip, then the Fremont Street Experience is what you need to check out. There's so much going on here: bright lights, random street performers, photo ops (I saw a woman with large tits allowing men to do obscene photos with her o_O), ziplining....you get the picture.The best way to enjoy this? Go grab a 40, walk around and take it all in.Tip: Emergency Arts is also in the area so don't forget to pay them a visit.
5	Sorry i really don't know why i like it.I just do.
5	I didn't go zipling but I got to see Larry Hernandez live. Who the hell is he? I'm not sure but I had hella fun.
5	Wow.  For sure, this was the highlight of Vegas for me.  Note:  If you are into trendy, high end experiences then Freemont probably isn't your bag.  If you are into old school, nostalgic experiences then Freemont is a must see.Went on a Sunday night.  Hundreds, if not thousands of people in the streets.  Two bands were playing on big stages, so there was a great energy and vibe along the street.  Freemont has a little mix of everything.  There is a new casino called "The D" that just opened that is really nice inside.  There are all the old school Casinos like Binions and The Golden Nugget.  There is a zipline that you can do, which I think is $15 before 6pm and $20 after.  You can get very cheap and affordable food.  Wife and I sat down in one bar and got a Corona, two hot dogs, and a Vodka and Cranberry for $6.  $6?  Really?  Yup, it happened.  There were a lot of people dressed up as characters for people to take pictures with.  And yes they do work off tips.  But guess what.  They are all over the strip as well, so you can't avoid them where ever you go.  The good news is that they are not pushy at all, so you don't have to feel bad walking by them.  You can easily make a night out of this area to experience the look of old vegas and still have a fun time gambling, drinking, dancing, or just people watching if you are into it.  The only draw back is the cab rid getting to and from costs about $22 to $25 bucks each way, depending on traffic and your driver speed.  Aside from that, this is a must do when in town.
2	Cheap booze and food plus zip lining, but is it worth the possibility of not getting out alive? I think not. Very sketchy. Don't forget to bring your bodyguard and leave all valuables at home yikes. Fried twinkies and 99 cent shrimp cocktails are definitely not worth the trip.
2	Don't go here unless you want to get stabbed. I promised myself I would make it out to Fremont Street this trip to Vegas, and I did. Now I never have to go back again. This place is just super ghetto. We got there around 10 p.m. on a Thursday, and the crowd there was pretty rough - and I'm from Chicago! There were a lot of crackhead-looking people. People missing teeth. There even seemed to be some gang activity. Maybe if we had gotten there around 7 or 8, it would have been a better crowd. I'm not sure.We got some drinks (the drinks are cheaper here than on the strip) and started walking around. My husband accidentally knocked over some crackhead's drink, which was just a plastic cup of water sitting on the ground, and then the crackhead started shouting, "Who knocked my drink over? There was alcohol in there! Somebody has to buy me my drink they knocked over!" Luckily, we were able to escape before he realized that it was my husband who knocked it over, but it was still kind of scary. Later on, we saw a group of guys rip their shirts off and jump this guy. I really don't know what was going on, but I thought they were maybe in a gang - or at least a gang of crackheads. It seemed drug-related. By this point, I really felt uncomfortable, like I was going to get shanked or something. The strip has its fair share of crackheads, but Fremont Street seems to be a haven for crackheads. Not my cup of tea. I'm giving it two stars only because the light show was pretty cool. Everything else, not so much!
3	5 stars for the light show.1 star for the rest of the experience!Came here twice while on vacation to see the light shows with my 6 year old. The light shows are cool, a one of a kind experience. And free to boot! Really, it's a must see as far as the light show itself is concerned.I guess being that it is downtown Vegas at night, perhaps its expected, but be warned, there are half naked women all over the street in various costumes expecting people to tip them to take a pic with them. A bit much for a child to see. It's a shame, in my opinion, that everything has to be sexualized where a kid can't even come experience the light show without also having to see all the sexual crap. Women were wearing everything from bedroom lingere to bikinis to booty shorts with their butts fully exposed & tassels on their boobs with nothing else covering their breasts. I understand dressing sexy in Vegas, but these people were not dressed in anything hardly at all!Their we're 3 bands along the street each night I was there. The first night all 3 bands were awful. 2nd time we went they had one good band & the other 2 were bad. I was surprised to see such cheap entertainment in a city known for its entertainment.Some of the gift shops are ok. Was happy to see bottled water 2 for $1! But of course their cheap water ploy to get me inside & buy their junk worked!There was a really cool set up of two guys who can sculpt your face out of clay & they did awesome work!Overall, I'm glad we saw the light show, & because they have different light shows, we might go back again to catch a different one next time we are in Vegas, but we have no reason to linger here. Kind of an in&out just for the light show type deal. Also, it's only about 3 blocks from crack head central, some of whom make their way here, which is why I brought mace with me! For unknowing tourists it probably seems safe enough but when you realize that you are only a couple streets away from a whole neighborhood of crackheads & prostitutes, it really makes for a tense feeling.
4	Great at night...go to the buffets in the day time, cheap and good food!
5	Wow! An overhead TV that must be the biggest on the planet! I always try to take a shot at seeing what ever show is happening! This review is a summary of my many trips and even a couple of times staying with Fremont street just out the window! So that said lets list the cool things about The Fremont Street Experience! Always overwhelming video overheadLive Music - I loved the live Sax Player on my last visit!Funny and Interesting characters in all kinds of Garb!Zip lines for the adrenaline seekersHeart Attack hamburgers at the east end (sign the disclaimer before eating)A variety of beggars and local color.All this makes for an Experience at the Fremont Street Experience
5	A blast! You should do the Bootleg Canyon experience first and then you get a $10 discount coupon for this one. Obviously this one is much shorter but still a blast to do it. And if you can time it right with the light show it's even better! A must do!!
5	If you're in Vegas, you have to check out the Fremont Street Experience. So many different things going on up and down the street. Next time I want to try the zipline.
4	It's a giant television! LOL no really . Thousands of people looking up with cameras in hand , It is rumored PICKPOCKETS will be lurking so be careful don't lose track of your wallet while enjoying the show .The shows are awesome and they have really perfected this over the years really a must see in Vegas .
4	So fun and interesting. Sure it's not as glam as the strip and attract a slightly more buzzed crowd but i think that the charm of this place. Come here at night for the show to people watch. Also, visit the old casino's nearby and check out all the fun attractions they have to offer. Fremont St is Vegas' charm.
4	You haven't seen Las Vegas until you've seen old downtown. I love the scene and I love all the casinos and shop that Fremont Street has. I love the fact that these casinos have low dollar tables and drinks.The actual Fremont experience has gotten better each time I come. From the full street LED ceiling show to the paragliding.
4	Who knew there was an entire second part to the strip?  It's less expensive but just as much action happening!  Street venders, steak & seafood specials, dinner shows & souvenirs. It's all there PLUS a five story sky "theater" that covered all four lanes for two blocks. When we there it had a John Bon Jovi concert playing. Very cool.  Take the local bus North to Fremont. Bus is $6 for 2 hrs or $8 for 24 hrs.
4	Downtown Las Vegas is definitely not the strip. In some ways it's better - in some, worse. It all just depends on you and what you're looking for. Everything from alcohol - ice cold beers for $2 served by vendors right on sidewalks to zip lining. Free performances by unknown, probably local groups and a bunch of booths selling cheesy stuff that you'll never need but is cool to at least look at. The overhead light show with themed music isn't so bad - or you can wander into the old school casinos for their entertainment, food or gambling. It's something one should experience at least once.
2	Glad I went there just so I can say I was there.  The light show was disappointing tho still kinda interesting but the accompanying music I enjoyed.  The atmosphere was kinda cheap and sleazy. There are definitely sights to see but did I really want to see them.
5	Great place to check, away from the same ol same ol of the strip! We checked it out on Friday day, then night. A must is to go zipline from 5 stories up, across a couple blocks. You gain lot of speed, great rush! The night show of lights on the ceiling is incredible. Live bands,music & great atmosphere
4	Experienced Fremont Street too many times to count.  When it comes to experiencing Las Vegas, you have to hit Fremont Street at least once.  Til this day, this is where I take my parents, family, and friends from out of town.  Fremont Street Experience:  -Spent a couple of NYE's here.  You have to pay, but it's a change from the clubs and actually pretty fun.  Gets packed though.-Zip-lining:  Still on my bookmark, will try it soon.-Kiosks:  Plenty of different and small kiosks selling everything from art to sports paraphernalia.-Eats:  A bunch of small eats out there, usually quick fried stuff.  Want something with substance, hit one of the casinos. -Drinks:  Like the eats, best to just hit one of the casinos for drinks.  I usually hit Golden Gate drinks. -Ambiance:  A ton of tourist and some even call it a tourist trap.  But a lot of locals too.  Everyone here is out to have a good time, very little drama.-Live Music / Band-Impersonators:  This is the mecca for impersonators in Vegas.  -Golden Gate:  Got talent working there.  Good for drinks. Nearby Visits: Where I go at times. -Main Street Casino:  I usually go in here for Triple 7 Brewery-The California for the Market Street Cafe (Oxtail and cheap Steak)-Golden Nugget:  For their poker room.  Good and fun games here.  Nothing too serious.  Just a bunch of locals and tourist enjoying Hold Em'.-Binions:  I use to go here all the time a few years back for their poker room.  Room has died down a bit in the last couple of years.  WSOP started here.Bars/Clubs:-Downtown:  Actually my favorite.  Great place to kick back before and after you hit the other bars. -Griffin:  Okay place for drinks and to meet people.  Small so gets crowded. -Insert Coins:  80' video games meets a bar.  You can park at any one of the casinos, but I usually park at the Main Street Parking.  You're close enough to experience the Experience.  During special events and 3 day weekends, can get crowded.  Parking is free if you have a B-Connect Player's Card.
4	I thought this place was pretty cool. Or maybe it was just fun because of the group I went with. It's like walking under a huge tunnel with lights flashing all the time and different graphic appearing every minute. We actually didn't do really much when we got here. We stared at the impersonators and drank. Everyone kept getting the ginormous fat tuesdays with 10 million straws in each. Just walked around and looked around and found random stuff to do. I really wanted to go ziplining. I don't know why I didn't. Maybe next time.Overall, I think it's a cool place to check out.
4	A great place to have fun on the cheap. Walk in and out of the hotels and casinos and feast on their delicious and unbelievably priced carnival foods.  Enjoy live music or the one of a kind razzle and dazzle of the Freemont Street Experience.  Be warned that this place brings a tougher crowd due to the affordability of drinks... Transients and drunks.
4	I like Fremont Street Experience...for the most part..and I'll tell you why!Fremont is the "old" Vegas Strip the real one, it goes East/West.  The New Strip (Stratosphere to Mandalay Bay) is North/South I've been here about a year and a half now, and I mainly only go out now when friends come to visit so Vegas is new and fresh to me too. I don't meet my friends on the strip to get dressed up and have no place to sit with my overpriced drink in one of the upscale clubs. I'm over it. Instead, I tell my friends to call me the next day, and give them a taste of relaxed, casual Vegas..aka Fremont and the Fremont Street Experience so they can have contrast while they visit Vegas.No dress codes, All types of people... from matching NASCAR jacket wearing families, white trash, whino's, past-their-prime-rocker-chicks,  impersonators, Guido's, gangsters, all the way to little old people pushing oxygen tanks spending their fixed income on slots....Fremont has quite the mix! (coincidentally it's like the hotel guests of Circus Circus were all invited to the same party LOL ) No pretentious dress codes, and no over-priced drinks here. No sirree, and I like it that way. Also, if your a food bargain hunter, there are plenty of places for a foodie to hit, not that it's gonna be 5 star buffet quality, but the price is right in most cases. My favorite is the $11.99 Steak and Lobster @ Tony Roma's in the 4 queens as far as bang for the buck. Get there early about 830, and it's only about a 20 minute wait. I start off getting a Buddha beer in the liquor store next to the pizza place to the right as you walk under the arch. Then I let my friends take in all the impersonator craziness that is Fremont Street Experience-on just about any given night-  ...contortionist's,over-dressed clubber's, soon-to-be-brides and their entourage, tap-dancing super freaks, pretty-hot showgirls, overweight spider men, ghetto-looking bumblebee knock-offs, Rick James lookin mofos, 3 different Michael Jackson's (different era's), Tupac, Hello-Kitty, Cowboy's, living Statue's, that creepy guy in the baby diaper's with stringy hair and bow and arrow with a heart on the tip, the super-skinny-super-weird-dude-in-the-bikini-and-high-heels (mofo has some ca hones) as we traverse the length of the arch-most would like a tip for a pic with them. We usually stop in Hennessy's tavern, and flirt with the always cute bar girl for a minute and try to Catch a LIVE lLobster in the claw grab machine- (which they will cook if you win-BONUS!)Stop to watch the LED arch every hour signaled by the darkening of the Neon-extravaganza going on around you, and listen to whatever feel good rock track they play-usually "American Pie" or Queen's  " We Will Rock You" or Kiss-something everyone can relate to-it's always a riot. Mix in the occasional zip liner overhead and work your way toward the plaza hotel on the western end where we always see the 3 stages of aging rocker's that look liked they escaped the 80's...but do throw down some pretty great classic tracks that aging rocker chicks hold their drinks up and throw devil horns too. Note the fan on the last stage-making the lead singer's hair "whip" in the wind-ha ha ha!  Check out the sick graffiti painter's and spend a little time checking out the go-go's on the bars-super hot...but usually dancing to music that's in their head and not on the stage blaring 80's and 90's metal...So much fun! There's also a couple of decent clubs hidden inside some of  the casinos. Then, we work our way back and check out the local's Trifecta- Insert Coins (Street Fighter II YES!) Beauty Bar, and the Griffin-always fun to hit these three-and I'll probably write a review for them after this review.  Do the Mystery Shot for $4 at the Griffin if you get a chance and take a picture next to the chalk board. The shot has not been the same anytime I've been there-We never know what it is (or what's in it!) Great way to fire up the night! All in all a totally fun, turn your mind off experience.  Word of advice though...Clear out when the tourist's do...I wouldn't hang out past 2 maybe 3 by myself unless your in group with a lot of guys because the super drunk anti-tourist locals and roving street trash wanna-be little gangs can really kill your buzz and good time really quick.  I've traveled a lot countries in my life, but the crowd here gets really rough after 3 am-no joke. If you take it for what it's worth, and realize it's the more relaxed casual trashy side of Vegas-you'll feel fulfilled-plus its Free! They've built some new clubs I have to go check out. If you're staying on the strip, ride the Deuce Deuce-it's the most cost effective. It doesn't look that far from Stratosphere to Fremont, but it's longer than you might think. Have Fun! Look for me playing Street Fighter II @ Insert Coins random nights. ;)
3	My friend found out about this place on Yelp. We decided to head there on Saturday around 5.  Free street parking on Saturday after 6 pm.  You MUST put $$ in the meter if you think that since it is 5:45 or so, the meter man will not come by and check...The day before my friend and I parked on the street around 5:45 ( found a meter with 30 minutes left on it) and the meter man arrived and ticketed around 6 cars whom had expired meters.. You can also park for free at the casino on 7th & Fremont. The lights are really pretty to watch and they have shows at the top of each hour 6, 7, 8 etc. Besides for the light watching, there is nothing else to do unless you zip line ( $15 before 6 and $20 after) my friend went ziplining here, and she had to wait almost 30 minutes, there were apparently almost 50 people in front of her also waiting to zipline. We also gambled at one of the casinos at the end of the street. Gambling here and drinks are way cheaper than on the strip. I won 5 cents off a penny slot. It totally made my day.
4	I am a fan based soley on the fact that it is some of the best people watching I have ever experienced - wowza! Couple it with crazy, flashing strobe lights and 80's hair band rock with the face of Bon Jovi staring down at you - yep I am a fan!
1	Its unfortunate that I only live 5 minutes away from Downtown Las Vegas. At least thankfully, my own neighborhood isn't as ghetto as the methhead motels, halfway houses, and local jails that are hidden behind the casinos here. The courthouse and the county jail are about 5 blocks away from the Golden Nugget Casino. Which boggles my mind on why the fuck people here don't just start running off after getting into a fight. If you get into a fight, you fucking run, run for that slim chance to get away before the bicycle cops and security tackle your ass. Who knows? Maybe you'll get lucky. Every passing year this place looks worse. Nobody likes going here except for trailer trash, drug dealers, juggalos and tweakers. Everybody else steers clear of Downtown and just write asshole reviews against hard working fine dining restaurants out in Summerlin and West Las Vegas. Around like 10PM, they have these over the roof projector music videos playing some classic, family-friendly songs. And then that same "family-friendliness" gets ruined when a bunch of bums crawls out of the sewer manholes, and start "dancing" drunk by spinning in circles and trying to dry-hump your kids. Like... this place is the only spot in Vegas where bums appear to have a good time... by making YOU the potential victim. For first time travelers, if you choose to brave the scumbag wilderness that is the FSE, do not venture too far east from 7th Street and Fremont. You will get RAPED! Same by heading too far away from the casinos, MORE RAPE!There are some pretty dirty hookers hanging around after 2am. I got approached by one who looked 30'sish. She wanted $250. There are some nasty bums yelling "Gimme sum money bitch!" at random people while lying down against the walls in the corners. If you stay on The Strip, random people will try to sell you bootlegged CDs acting like its a full time fucking job. One time, I saw this bald 40+ old man go up to some homeless street kids trying to pester them for some sex, with his hands down his pants. He failed, so he turned around and started harassing the cocktail waitresses/gogo dancers outside of the Golden Gate. Then he got his ass tackled by security.
4	It's what makes Downtown Vegas experience well Downtown Vegas.  Get a kick out of the LG lightshow.
2	Fremont Street.  Ohhhh my.  I was;1.  Impressed at the distress.2.  Thankful for the copious amounts of uniformed police presence.3.  Wondering why I got in a cab and came to this side of town.Next time, I bring my lightsaber and a few Jedi friends.  Cause damn.Oh and, seriously people....do not bring your kids to this.  Leave them at home.  Strollers and alcohol just seem too Judge Judy.
4	Fremont Street if nothing else is a great place to watch people. Where else can you walk down the street and meet Rod Stewart, Michael Jackson, Bret Michaels, Rick James, along with an assortment of others.
4	It's tragic yet fun to take visitors here at night so they can experience Fremont Street and the wildlife it offers. Ranging from the whiskey tango elite to the meth head pan handlers, you won't be disappointed with what you'll see! Oh and the show at the top of the hour is a must.
1	Be poorBe fatWatch poor peopleWatch fat peopleThat is the fremont street experience.
4	If you are the type of person who likes traveling, staying at resorts, never leaving the resorts, and think that the resorts and the locals you see working at the resorts are representative of the place you are visiting, avoid this place. You'll be disappointed.If you are the type of person who likes traveling, seeing new and different things, and getting a glimpse (not the entire look) of what the location you are at is really like, go to the FSE.You'll see a lot of the things that the negative reviews here warn you about, but that's part of the *experience*, isn't it? You can get 4-5 star service and sheltered environment that you get on the Strip in pretty much every city, but the FSE is unique.It's worth a trip downtown.
1	There is nothing real or authentic about Downtown Vegas and the Fremont Experience.  It's just as gaudy and fake as the strip, but 10x more ugly and run-down.  The surrounding casinos are old and sad, featuring go-go dancers that look like they should have given up 15 years ago.  If you're young, fun, and want to be surrounded by other hot young fun people, best stick to the strip and pretend this place doesn't exist.
4	When it comes to living in Vegas, you end up playing tour guide for visiting family. It gets repetitive and stale for me but I go through the motions so I can get it out of the way and show them MY Vegas.  I don't mind bringing people down here at all as its a great segway into showing them a side of Vegas I do like in the close by Fremont East corridor or Arts District. For the show itself it is just alright, though I appreciate it changes often so there is replay value. Once they did a Yelp based one for our Spring Break party which was really cool! Since you're here to see this giant TV, also walk around as theres more to do here. A few stages where there is love performers.  Often the Experience goes with a overall theme like a certain band tribute week or a time period so the light show and live shows all will reflect that. If you are into souvenirs theres a lot of those shops here and cheaper than the Strip usually. Lots of gimmicky kiosks if that is your thing. There is still graveyard specials to be had at some of the casinos or cheap eats like the fried twinkies and oreos at Mermaids for $1. Some restaurants here are worth the visit like DuPars (best pies ever! ), Hugo Cellar (romantic and classic old school fine dining ), Market St Cafe (late night, oxtail soup, cheap breakfasts), Triple 7 Brewery, etc so don't discount the old little casinos. Apparently some of them have very competitive odds and good buy in prices for games. The BF goes to poker tournaments at Binions sometimes. I love the people watching here. There's more characters here and a mix of various kinds of tourists and locals. Now that there is the zip line, I really want to try that while the show is on blasting colorful lights above me.  Sometimes even I want to play tourist.(Yelp 100 Challenge 33/100)
4	Had a blast here and zip lining was fun.  Live music and lots to see.
2	This place is overrated. There is rarely anything neat going on. Dancing hookers on table tops, crappy music, or just nothing at all happening. They do have a nice selection of stores carrying Las Vegas themed merchandise, but its broadly all the same. Its always crowded here too. Its kinda like a big welcome center withot the welcome lol...
5	If you're shocked by gaudiness and/or are from the suburbs, you should stay away from the Fremont Street Experience. For the rest of us, it's great! Visitors with no sense of humor will not enjoy themselves, but if you've got a vivid imagination and a natural curiosity, by all means go there. The shows change often and the sheer magnitude of the Viva Vision screen and sound system is mind-boggling. Often live performers abound, especially on weekends. Downtown LV is my choice for fun in a relatively compact zone.
5	Review #500.During my first visit to Vegas, Fremont Street Experience made my experience memorable. Of course, I am biased. I was here for the Yelp (Elite) Party hanging out with fellow yelpers.At first I couldn't find where the party was at. I found the street but did not realize how long the street was. I walked to one end of the street and walked all the way back the other end. Then I saw my people chatting around in a huge blocked off area with the Yelp sign on it.I walked in and was immediately given lots of free goodies. There were free food. Restaurants and buffets nearby catered lots of free food to sample for everyone. There was shrimp and it was amazingly delicious. There were free ice cream and also yummy drinks. I didn't think I would be full with all of the samples but I was stuffed so quickly.There was a band playing directly in front of us, as there is always some band playing here on the street.Then the light came on. It was so COOL to see the different kind of lights flashing. Then there was the surprise of the night for yelpers: yelpers who have their EE pictures submitted all had their pictures displayed on the big screen overhead. Obviously I saw myself in the picture that I submitted. It was so much fun to see myself on a big screen.I had to leave slightly early to catch a show back on the Strip. But I enjoyed every moment of it. So on my second trip back to Vegas, I had to revisit the Fremont Street. Of course, there was no yelp party the second time around, it was still fun to see the light show on top of the hour with other tourists in town. There was a band playing and it is free for everyone to attend.Lots of buffet options to choose around from this area. Of course, hotels in downtown Vegas are always cheaper than on the Strip. I love this open space where everyone can just enjoy the light show and some down time in the area. This place may not have much going on during the day time, so spend your day time on the Strip and come back here in the evenings!
4	The Fremont Street Experience is in downtown (old) Las Vegas and definitely worth a short trip if you're staying on the strip. You'll find some of the older 'gems' that were part of Vegas before the strip became more commercialized. The Four Queens, the Golden Nugget, and the Fremont are worth checking out if not for nostalgia sake, but for some good daily drink and food specials. The arched video presentation is awesome, and in the heat of the summer, the sun is filtered and AC cools down the environment. Definitely worth a look!
2	FSE is tough to review because there are so many things going on. As a destination it's a bit of a dud. As a part of the Vegas experience it may be worth seeing.First, the crowd and establishments are a notch lower than the Strip. You might say more egalitarian. I just thought it was a little ghetto. I don't think it's for kids though I saw plenty. The same type of parents who bring their kids to see Scary Movie. That said, there are some venerable places there, including the Golden Nugget, the Golden Gate, and Binion's. The history of Vegas can't be told without talking about them. Second, FSE is mainly about this light show they display on this roof running several blocks down Fremont. Pretty darn big but not terribly interesting. They do have a zipline however, which was interesting to watch and probably fun to ride. Costs $15 or $20 after 8 pm.Third,there are other generally interesting things to see. Some historic neon signs including the Pioneer cowboy and Aladdin's lamp from the original Aladdin Hotel. You might see a stroke in progress at Heart Attack Grill. Plus, how often do you see a million bucks in cash?  You can at Binion's. Check it out for the experience then don't come back.
5	It was my 30th bday! We came with a Group of 12 of us and had the time of our lives! We walked up and down Fremont street and didnt get sick of it. We saw some of the craziest stuff but loved it. Took pics with a bunch of people who dress up as characters. Got all kinds of crazy drinks and just had a blast. All my friends sang to me at midnight for my bday. Will never forget that!Also they have free shows, we saw this band Arena, totally butt rock! They were awesome, we stayed, danced and sang with them. So much fun. Cant wait to do it again. I recommend doing Fremont Street once at least during your trip!
4	Always some kind of live music. And the atmosphere is always entertaining.
3	Cool to see the older part of Vegas. However, we went during the day, so we didn't get to see the light show. It was pretty cool to see people ziplining across Fremont Street. There is a lot going on in that part of town. There was a band playing, which were really good to listen to. There were street vendors, including accessories and food. The old casinos were fun to see, especially when something old is kept the same. Everything around there is pretty cheap. If you don't feel like paying for a taxi, there is a double decker bus that takes you there and back to the Strip for $6. Everyone should go to Fremont Street at least once & probably better to go at night to see everything all lit up.
4	We stayed right next door at the Golden Nugget and I must say that this Fremont thing was great. Not perfect because of how many tourist were there but the light show playing to the music was pretty amazing. The light show plays often throughout the night so you will get plenty of chance to check it out. It's located in the older part of Vegas where the old downtown use to be.
4	If I had a choice of walking the Fremont Street Experience or walking down The Strip to look at the culture that is Las Vegas - I would prefer visiting the Fremont Street Experience. Why? The Strip is like a bar crawl, crowds of people in their stupor attempting to go from one bar to another, with no obvious end objective in site. Besides, once finishing looking at all of the exterior features of the hotels, there's not much else to look at. And I've been in every single hotel on The Strip, it's pretty much the same thing with different props.The Fremont Street Experience however, is bit less crowded and lower key. Moreover, there's lot less drunken idiots in the way. The Fremont Street Experience does have a few variety of shops or activities which one can engage the mind, including shopping, listening to live music, zipping down the Flightlinez (a zip-line approximately 40-70 feet above ground which traverses a part of the Fremont Street Experience), or looking at the music shows on the hour on the overhead video display system. Another thing to do is people watching, just sitting back and take in the atmosphere, and watching the crowd be distracted by the spectacle that is the Fremont Street Experience.
5	We had a blast at The Fremont Street Experience!!! Don't go here for glamour and glitz, go here for a fun, relaxed and a bit crazy night in Vegas. See some of the history and old casinos, take in the street performers, people watch as some of the most eccentric people in Vegas stroll by, and of course grab some cheap cold drinks. Most places have $2 beers, some even cheaper at certain times of day!Stages are set up outdoors along the street with live performances ranging from Elvis impersonators to cover bands and magicians. After dark the "light show" occurs every half hour or so, with music and millions of lights overhead. It was a little bit cheesy, a hair on the dirty side..... but tons of fun.
4	i love going down to freemont. the light shows here are simply amazing. its a good place to take the kids too as well. if your in vegas and have not been here yet. i recommend that you go asap.
4	I've been to Vegas so many times I can't count them all. I've done the Strip thing, I've done the off-the-strip thing, I even lived in Vegas for a year back in 2003-2004, but I have a new go-to place.........Fremont Street!!!  Yes, yes, I know it's anything but new. It's actually been there a long long time. Even the lightshow and all the entertainment has been there for quite some time. I unfortunately never gave it a second thought before. With so much to do on the strip, why bother with the dingy, grimy downtown scene? Well let me tell you. First off, if you like to drink (and if you go to Vegas you probably do) then here you have a self-contained fun zone where you don't have to worry about driving, getting a cab or walking very much. Secondly, stuff tends to be MUCH MUCH CHEAPER downtown. You can get hammered for a fraction of what it costs on the Strip. Also, gambling is cheaper. Fremont has tons of tables where the minimum can be as low 2 bucks. Sometimes it's difficult to find a table under 10 on the strip, if not more. Thirdly, there is an unlimited amount of sensory stimulation. You are bombarded by lights and bands and crazy characters and people flying over your head and etc etc etc. You also have tons of choices for food whether it be a simple hot dog all the way to a lobster dinner. To add to all of this, there is also a zip-line ( the flying people), dance clubs, museums, toy stores and even a strip club (though I wouldn't recommend going there...see their reviews). As if this wasn't enough, if you get a hotel on Fremont, you are literally so close to your room that if you feel the need to pass out, you are less than 5 minutes from reaching your goal.Now, I know what people say, Fremont is trashy. Ok, so it isn't The Cosmopolitan or Trump Tower. If you are looking for fancy then definitely do not go there! BUT, if you are down to earth and looking for a huge, casual, terribly fun party then JUST DO IT!!! We just got back and we are already planning our next trip.A footnote. The trip we just took was for my son's 21st birthday. He lived in Vegas before too and asked me, "Mom. Why the HELL did you not bring me here sooner?????"  Well son, aside from you not being 21, I didn't know about it. Until now!!!!
4	This was a ton of fun--the light show is great. Probably okay for kids, though I still am astounded that anyone would bring their kids to Vegas.
4	When you have friends visiting, its always fun to take them downtown.  A fun time at a reasonable price.
4	A cool free attraction in Las Vegas.  You'll find it in the heart of downtown Las Vegas.  Just head on over to Fremont Street, and walk out into the pedestrian mall.  The pedestrian mall in between the casinos is filled with vendors, kiosks, street performers, and many people.  The free light show is located right above you on the canopy that lines the length of the street.The shows are played nightly beginning at dusk.  They are also played every hour with a different light show every hour.  They also play music which is pumped through speakers located throughout Fremont Street.Nowadays, we only come here to take friends or family who have never been here.  Just remember to watch your stuff.  There are plenty of suspicious characters hanging around the area.
2	I went to see the waving cowboy the one in the opening seen the the old TV show "Vegas" I think its Seen better days. It has some old Vegas Charm but its Ghetto. Note to city of Vegas if don't want this place to totally die get one of those monorails to DT! Maybe better at night ill try to give it another chance.
3	We go here most every time in Vegas and it hasn't changed as much as the main strip has over last dozen years. I do think there are more standard and bazaar costumed beggars than I've seen in the past and this last time I actually had beggars coming right up to me asking for money to get something to eat. The good news is that it is still an impressive sight and they had 3 stages  of music and performers to hold your attention while you wonder around. They've also added a zip line which looks kind of out of place and gives the place more of a carnival feeling. The sad thing is I see how much potential this area has to be something really interesting and unique, but unfortunately is seems more like a cheaper, lower quality version of the main strip.
5	They've clean this area up a lot. I love downtown, reminds of the village in NYC.
4	If you've never seen it, pay the taxi to remove you from the strip and check it out. If you've seen it, stay on the strip and move on with your life.
2	Last week was my first time in Las Vegas and my friend decided to take me to the Fremont Street Experience. It was cool but I rather stay on The Strip.  Wasn't my type of scene and we ate at the Tony Roma's and the food was horrible.  The only thing I like about Fremont Street was the zipline.  Some of the people there was creepy and scary.  Never again....
4	Wish there wasn't so much construction going on.... But we love Fremont anyway...A refreshing break from downtown Vegas...Can't wait til we come back again and get to see the improvements!
3	I don't know if I'm worn out on the place or not but Fremont Street just isn't as cool as it used to be. I used to consider it the anti-strip, for those hoping for a value-minded night out and some respite from the overpriced strip fare.  There used to be $3 a hand blackjack. Not anymore.  There used to be good value diner fare. Couldn't find it this time.  The lights show used to be very trippy and cool to watch. I don't know if we even noticed it this time. If you've never been, take a cab here one night. Or consider staying here if want to save a little bit of money from the strip prices.
4	My spouse and I came here for the first time two weeks ago during late morning and early afternoon hours.  It was low key and a nice break from the noise and crowds on Las Vegas Blvd.  We spent a few hours here and I'd say we saw a good portion of what this area has to offer.  We used valet parking at Golden Nugget which is close to the pedestrian walkway and hassle free.  There are a few shops to enjoy and no long line-ups to contend with at Starbucks or the restaurants.  There are a few bars you can walk up to without going into the casino.  One situated right outside of the D pours everything but blended drinks, which are strong and a good price.  I would be interested in going back in the evening sometime to see live music and video shows, but I truly didn't feel like I was missing out on anything by being here during the day.
3	Three stars 'cause I think some stuff that goes on are not kid friendly.  Its one big drunken party.  I saw two people get arrested for disorderly conduct, at least thats the way it appeared to me.  Looking at it strictly for adults, yah, it was fun.  Live music and performers up and down the street, along with the occasional costumed photo ops (tips please).  MIckey Mouse and the Smurfs are there for the kids, but then there's Capt. Jack Sparrow's wench exposing her pastie.....   The zip line is crowded, go early to take advantage of the cheaper rate before 6 pm.  Weigh over 350 lbs.? head for the Heart Attack Grill and eat for free.  Into toys?, the toy consultant on "Pawn Stars" is located right next door.  Donuts?, head for the Fremont for some Dunkin' Donuts.  The seafood buffet was really crowded, plan on getting in line when it opens or have a long wait ( the food didn't look all that good so we opted to pass on this one).  So to sum it up, I would say 4 stars for adults but 2 stars for kids, balancing out to 3 stars.
5	Fremont Street was my favorite part of visting Vegas... and it was in the day time AND I was sober!I loved how they blocked off the street and enclosed it in what I think was a canopy of lights for the light show at night.  We passed two stages but no music playing, but that would be so much fun.We gambled a bit and took home some money so that was cool.We found parking at a free lot by 7-eleven a couple blocks away, loved that!Next time I come to Vegas I want to stay here.  I have been to the Strip so many times so the Femont Street Experience is just what I need next time.They also had a zip line rigged up down the street, very cool!
1	two years ago i loved Fremont street experience, the casinos, the drinking and everything i was planning on staying in the golden nugget on my next visit..i am so glad i didn't. i this time i couldn't get a drink at any of the casinos i was gambling in. if i did order it took forever. the worse part this time was the amount of bums, and dealers, and prostitutes wandering around. i know this is Vegas but it was bad. so bad we left after only 3 hours of being there. normally we drink and play for a solid 6 in old Vegas. i will be skipping this street next time i am in town.
4	In the 2 months I have been here I have taken two different out of town guests downtown and I have gone a handful of time. Fremont street is a must see. From the locals, to the zip line, to the street performers, to the bands, to the laser light show, Fremont street is in class all by itself. What more can I say I love this totally cool part of Vegas!
5	I love Fremont Street! This area of town has so much more personality than the Strip does. Your money also goes much further down here too. Over the past few years Downtown has gone through a huge revitalization. There is still the old fashion Vegas, but now they have a nice mix of new fun stuff like 3rd Street, Insert Coins, Zappos are just a few. There are some awesome hidden gems like Triple George and Mermaids (Deep fried Oreos, YUM) scattered all over the place on Fremont Street. As for making your money go further, the room rates are much lower down here, the machines are looser, the restaurants are cheaper, and the fine dining is a fun experience, instead of being stuffy like the Strip places. Fremont Street is also huge on entertainment. There is regularly bands playing, artists making stuff, characters roaming around, and everything I between. The last time I was down there I saw KISS, Batman, Spider-Man, Captain Jack Sparrow, Elvis and a dozen other characters roaming around. Never a dull moment!Get out there and check out Old School Vegas that has evolved into this awesome new neighborhood of crazy fun.
4	Loved it!  I found it way more entertaining than the strip, and didn't have to push through crowds all night.  The performers are good to mediocre as most of them are all street/freelance and work for tips.Police presence and security was impressive.  They made shady people move or broke up large crowds.  The ceiling show can't be missed either.
5	I loved walking through Old Vegas. Fremont Street was more fun than the strip IMO since it was just more my speed and less expensive overall. Make sure to go when it's dark and look up to see the great light show! But don't miss the crazy street performers either.
1	I don't even know how to describe how I felt here. Within 2 minutes of leaving the parking garage, we all knew we had made a mistake. I know that Fremont Street provides the nostalgia of "old Vegas," but it encases all the parts of the city that I can happily do without. In the 30 minutes we wandered around here, I saw more prostitutes and cracked out people than I saw in my whole 5 days on the strip. It was just flat-out awkward.I agree with the other reviewers that this is a much more low-maintenance spot to drink and gamble in Vegas, but if you're a fan of the more modern, visually pleasing and less tacky Vegas, stick to the strip.
2	I wish we would have come down to Freemont before the end of our trip. We went on our last day in Vegas. Everything was almost half as cheap as the strip, and better drinks. The ziplines were cool. We did this during an afternoon, not really my crowd- older and weird people lol. But there were a lot of bars and lounges that I could tell are probably nice at night. Not as pretentious as the spots on the strip where we were staying. Next time in Vegas, we will set aside a night to check out some of the bars and clubs on Freemont. Oh I did get a cool henna tattoo on my face, a la Hangover style.
1	So I just got a email from Yelp HQ that people are reporting me about this review for being an asshole.I AM a asshole. Go read my other reviews. However, I am ALSO telling the truth! And as any asshole should do, I should INSTIGATE and PROVOKE!I come to imagine that the average individual who wrote complaints about me for this creep-nest is a straight up fucking loser. You know, a homeless, crank-smoking, shit bag that kicks it with the unwashed juggalos next to the DJ/Rock N' Roll Stand across from the Plaza Casino.  AKA, someone who doesn't even have a job. And probably makes it a lifelong occupation to instigate fights along Fremont Street so they can get a misdemeanor battery charge for some free chow at the Clark County Detention Center. Two weeks ago, I was outside The Griffin Bar on Fremont just sipping on my beer and enjoying a cigarette. Then, this scumbag bitch-made fat white dude with nerd glasses and white Dr. Dre Beats Headphones comes up to me screaming "FUCK YOU! FUCK ALL OF YOU! AND FUCK ME!" like a broken record. As soon as I heard "Fuck you", I immediately whipped around to face him in the eyes. Motherfucker immediately said "Fuck me", etc, and blahblahblah. He was creeping out this set of girls outside of bar too until they finally gave him the simutaneous silent treatment. Unfortunately, thats pretty much the end of the story. Unbelieveable. Usually fights on at this point. But I guess the bouncers at The Griffin also found him to be harmless and in many ways, pathetic.UPDATE: So there is a stabbing on Fremont Street that happened about two days ago. Thank you for proving my point that FSE is NOT SAFE FOR KIDS and NOT SAFE FOR TOURISTS as long as people like Timothy Dudley, 31 years old, are hanging out on that eight block stretch of methheads. Tourists should type "Timothy Dudley Vegas" in Google to pull up the article. It's about a habitually lying Juggalo who got butthurt that some guy didn't give him change for crack money (maybe meth money?). So he threatened to "beat his ass", and a fight continued to escalate from there until Dudley pulled out a knife and stabbed the victim in the chest, severing a HUGE artery that needed 15 pints of blood to replace. During the arrest, Mr. Dudley, in his meth-powered rampage, bashed his head repeatedly against the confines of the squad car, causing parts of the cage and windows to fall off. I actually recognized and knew this fuck. Not on good terms.
5	Ok so this is where all the locals go on holidays.  Like Halloween, New Years, St Patty's Day, etc.  It is because we know all of the tourist will be on the strip, and you can always find a friendly face down on Fremont.  Great music, lots of lights, and you can always find a famous face in the crowd, of course the are impressionist, but it is part of what I love about The Fremont Street Experience.  If you have not been, you should check it out, the crowds are always bigger on a parting Holiday, but I would say 80% are locals.  When you walk into Fremont Street, there is music playing of all sorts, This hugh light show, and lots of shops, and casinos, and places to eat.  It is worth the parking fee, because getting is free.
5	touristy! tacky! sexual! loud! dirty! obnoxious! dangerous! slutty!basically the whole vegas experience on one street... this is old vegas. loves it
4	This was definitely an experience coming to check this out. I did not know what to expect, but I was pleasantly surprised by the entire situation. It is quite a journey here from the MGM Grand where I was staying. As soon as you walk up, you notice the giant overhead cover that the videos play on. There were people walking everywhere and numerous street performers doing their thing. I saw a dance/contortionist first thing as I walked up. He was popping and locking and could turn his arm and hands all the way around "Weird and Cool". There was also a spray paint artist that did fantastic work using only spray paint, poster board and sponges. A live band was playing as well and they were pretty good. Further down, there was a stage and DJ playing with dancers there too.The show itself was pretty good. They did one with the band "Heart" and played several of their songs through the show. They effects were cool and it looked great. This is a unique experience coming here. Not only for the actual light show, but because of all the interesting characters that are around. Several of the old casinos are there and some of them have lots of "character"... Definitely an experience and one that I will return for next time I visit.
2	My boyfriend debated about going here during our vacation and eventually made our way there out of boredom on our last night in LV. Small preamble: we are not drinkers at all and as a result do not enjoy terrible bar bands or drink tickets being shoved in our face by strangers, so if you enjoy those things my review may not reflect your experience.The first thing I noticed was that there was, in essence, a very expensive screensaver being displayed on the canopy, so that was underwhelming right away. Basically a low-definition looping series of ads. After walking a little bit I had been nearly trampled a dozen times by large groups of sloppy drunks; it was like 8:30, by the way. We walked still farther and passed by two separate bands playing Journey and Guns n Roses covers and their middle-aged drunken audience dancing awkwardly and swinging their drinks in people's faces in the middle of the walkway. After that we only walked far enough to get decent photos of the cowboy/cowgirl neon signs and left.Increased review from 1 star to 2 stars because the bus ride back and forth was interesting, and the hooker transaction we witnessed at the bus stop was hilarious. The FSE is basically a large-scale version of a gross Midwestern dive bar, so if that doesn't appeal to you, avoid.
4	Enjoyed it. More fun than the 2 times I've been to the strip. We asked the locals about things to do. This was one of them and they were right. It was cool. Cool and fun are subjective, though. To each their own. Chatted with the hilarious charismatic bartender Nae in some bar (she should have her own tv show), saw a quarter of a mile long LED arch monitor play a Queen show, three different bands, then went ziplining above the same street. There were some funny people on this Street also, like the scantily dressed tranny dancing for hours (wtf?). And this was a Tuesday night.
4	Must admit that I spent more time at the craps tables, or sleeping, than watching the Fremont Street Experience shows - but it was very impressive. May depend on what is going on when you take the time to watch and listen. My primary recommendation is: Give us older folks (I'm only 65 but have some issues standing and walking endlessly) SOME place to sit down! Funny . . . I can stand a good while at the craps pit, but at least I can lean. Ha!
4	Everybody whining about this place and being condescending about everything possible and all I see is Imanannoyingtourist, CA, I'manannoyingtourist, NY, I'manannoyingtourist, FL.You're walking around Vegas SOBER and having a bad time. No shit? You must be a tourist! Welcome to Vegas retard! You'd think it couldn't get worse than tourists walking around Manhattan with NYC shirts on, but the tourists in Vegas top it hands down. Grow a brain, grow a pair, get drunk, go have some fun. I've lived here my whole life, FSE is a standard. It's fun if you're a fun person. Sure it has a bit of a rapey vibe every once in awhile and crack whores sometimes get lost (they're far nicer than a lot of posters here though), but that doesn't mean it's not enjoyable. If you're fortunate enough to be in Vegas as a tourist, you have a very good life. Enjoy it. Stop whining.
3	Crazy out here. Carnival (ish) and ten times more outlandish than Bourbon Street in the N.O. French Quarter.
4	Fremont Street Experience has its good and its bad.  Starting with the bad.  WTH with the street performers?  It is absolutely ridiculous!  It is a non-stop circus show.  I don't understand how they can't regulate these people?!  At first I thought it was cool.  Kinda gave you a San Francisco meets Seattle vibe.  THEN you get the half naked homeless looking cupid with a diaper on or the tranny in a bathing suit or even better the gigantic boob lady with pasties.  Um yeah.  You get the idea.  If that's your thing then come on down but it definitely is NOT where I want to bring my child.  One of the last times I brought my daughter down there was for a Hunter Hayes concert (teen country singer) and I made her and her friend look at the ground as we passed the big TV's advertising the strip club....not much to the imagination.  As we were walking back that time the girls wanted their pic taken with Elmo and Sponge Bob.  As they ran up to them and I had a $5 tip ready in my hand, Elmo whispers in my ear that they only take pictures for tips.  So classy.  Amazing and disappointing to say the least.  The last time I was there for Vegas StrEATS there were tons of kids doing the performances.  One I noticed was about 2 years old.  Hey if you can make money off your kids street performing then go right ahead...I guess.  Anything goes obviously.So enough of the bad rant....lets talk about the GOOD!!!   I no longer bring my daughter down there so all is good!   wink wink... So there is a zip line that takes you from one end to the other traveling in moderate speed over all the people lining Fremont.  Its fun to give it a one time try.  They will take an action picture and entice you to buy one at the end.  During the day the lines are better-just sayin.  They have Insert Coins for the video game gurus that like some old school stand up 80's type video games.  It IS a bar and you do have to be over 21 I believe because they do card you.  They still do the concert events (free) which is always fun and entertaining and what is more fun than singing and dancing in the street right?!  The whole ceiling light show I can definitely do without but the tourist friggin LOVE it.  I just don't get it.  But it always makes me laugh to see people video taping it.  Cheese factor at its finest.  Ooooh Ahhh. LOLFremont has improved SO much.  Finally some good food, some great bars and a good scene with normal people-not just tourists!  With Commonwealth, The Park, Vanguard, Radio City Pizza among many other new venues FSE has transformed itself into an amazing hangout!  The newer updated area itself is located on the east side of the strip where your options are endless.  It really gives you a mini-California vibe with the outdoor seating and the bar to bar hopping experience.  My friends and I absolutely love it!Anyways, FSE has so many things to do with so little time for one night and just keeps you wanting to come back for more (without the children)..Keep on with the new improvements...us Vegas peeps are loving it!  There are still a few places I need to check out!  So I definitely will be seeing you soon!
5	For the last couple of years I have stayed Downtown, mostly for the Fremont Experience. Many people come here for the overhead screen, where they show video of bands, on this occasion it was Led Zeppelin-Heart-Doors  and play there music, but for me the real draw is the very good cover bands, cheap drinks and food and low limit gambling.I have seen the best cover bands right here, no small feat considering I am from Southern California. This time we saw a 90's band with a female lead that played a lot of "No Doubt" type of music, the guys would pitch in with "Rage Against The Machine" and "NIN", the guitarist was excellent. I didn't get their name, but I would listen to them regularly if they were local.The next night was a cover band of Hip Hop, again excellent! I prefer listening to Classic Rock, but I prefer dancing to Hip Hop, this was the first time I have seen a cover of Hip Hop and I was blown away. The band was dressed all funky complete with big fro's, I knew all the songs and listened for hours, there was some Rap included. Had a blast.The sound system is very high quality. If you don't like the first band you hear, walk down the street chances are you will like the band down there. Thirsty? No problem walk into the nearest casino and buy a $2 Corona, Nevada law allows you to drink out doors. Hungry? stop at Tony Roma's For Steak and Lobster For $12. So good we had it two nights in a row.
4	MY FAVORITE!When my husband and I travelled to Vegas together for the first time I was literally shocked he didn't know about the downtown. Fremont is my favorite! The Fremont Street Experience is free, fun, and very memorable. Plus, when the screen isn't playing its show up above, you can look around you and there are costumed "celebrities" EVERYWHERE. If you don't want to tip them to take a picture together, try a perfectly aimed "selfie" with them in the deliberate background.Food is good on Fremont. Drinks are cheap. Streets are packed. There are stages with live performances, zip lines, and I even saw a motorcycle ball of death once. ONe of the greatest things I've ever seen live! Plus, this area is rich with history. I've only stayed in a downtown hotel a couple times. Stay on the strip, but take a cab to Fremont and enjoy the experience.
4	We always go to the strip so this time we not only got a hotel in downtown but experienced alot of Freemont.   We had a blast.  We like the fact that they had a lot of free entertainment.  There were bands that play until 1:30 in the morning and the light show is amazing.  I enjoyed it because you see all types of people and they are friendly not like on the strip.  Plus if you want to go to the strip, just hop on the bus and go to the strip.  Drinks are way cheap in Freemont.  You could get $2 bottle beers and super easy to buy drinks in the convenience stores and walk around with them.  Is this for kids no, I don't think much of  Vegas is for kids.
5	Redneck fun at it's finest. Hard rock, flowing beer, crazy people abound. No D-baggery here, unlike the strip!
1	If you go at night it's pretty and there's cheap drinks.. that's about it.I went during the day and it was horrible.. usually I can find fun anywhere I go not this place though. It was dirty and full of bums and crackheads everywhere. The shops were nasty the casinos were dirty as hell. The only good thing was the cheap beers that we got inside the casinos. There's nothing there but a few gift shops and the casinos. We ate at the place at the end by the parking garage(seafood place) since it looked fairly decent from the outside..mistake. It was nasty inside I felt dirty just sitting there. I just had some shots and beers since I didn't feel comfortable eating there after I tried the shrimp cocktail... which tasted old and burnt. I would come back to ride the zipline at night... other than that it was a boring waste of time! TIP: Stay on the Strip!
5	really cool!!! I love all the old school classic original hotels that still have that old schol feel !! my husband and I stayed on the strip and took a bus over here one day [about a 20 minute bus ride] and man it was just so fun! Next time we go to vegas we were thinking about staying a night here in one of the higher end hotels just to really experience the old vegas thing. So cute. They did a great job really just maintaining the space while not jeopardizing the original ora of the casinos! go check it out for the day !!  ALSO we played some $3 roulette tables!!!
1	Yak, yak, yak...I believe they are trying to revive the Fremont street, but it is just not working.   Waisted an hour, walked from beginning to the end and ran back to the car.  Don't bother!  Stick to the strip, to the new hotels, and you will do just fine ;)
4	The free summer concert series is great!  Seats at the Patio Bar are $30 including a drink, and include a great view AND overhead mist to help keep cool.  This is becomign a really fun place to hang out.  AND, the renovations at the hotels make it a great alternative to staying on the strip.
5	Ok James Bond fans. This is the street where James Bond (Sean Connery) and Tiffany Case (Jill St. John) engaged in a wild car chase, ending with the 1970's Ford on its two side wheels. The street itself is now closed to traffic and many of the Las Vegas Classics such as The Mint are gone. However there are several casinos that are still there. Of note is The Golden Gate, the oldest hotel/casino still in existence. Binion's founded by legendary poker player and erstwhile gangster Benny Binion. The Plaza at the end of the of Fremont street, although it seems to under construction in the film. See if you can walk the car chase. Also if you follow me (Jay Amernick) on Social Cam I have a James Bond Diamonds Are Forever Video Location Guide where I take you move by move thru the car chase! Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
2	I hate Fremont Street Experience, but tourists love it.  Why not experience the pinnacle of 1970's technology coupled with music from the 1980's.  Blech.  About the only good thing about this place is the once an hour when they put on the show and everyone freezes, making it easier to walk to your destination.  Can't believe so many old people will actively dance to pre-recorded music as if it's live.
3	Great place to check out when in Vegas. My friends and I visited one night.  We spent about an hour there and enjoyed it.  There was a concert in the street, lots of people.  The lights were great to see!  I wouldn't recommend staying on or near Freemont street.    I give this place a 3/5 because the people were very rude.  Many people/performers on the street dressed up.  Looking to pose for pictures (and for tips).  They were rude (yelling obscene things) to people and giving people the finger who did not stop for a photo or took a photo without tipping.  The tourist were like zombies and kept bumping into us--were were actually worried that they may have been trying to pick pocket us.  It's worth checking out but once was enough for me!
4	Must go to Insert Coins & Zipline...This is a must!!!!!! :)
3	Its just what everyone one says, old and filled with the LV neighborhood. Great place to experience and see the old Vegas. Beer is cheap and be careful what you order for food. ( I got sick) :(. Don't think I'll go back, for the money I spent on vacationing in Las Vegas. I'll stay with the strip!
3	I am personally still not impressed with this area of town. It is still dirty and poorly maintained.  There could be so much more done to improve this area, with minimal funds or effort. They just need to do better with their current resources.
4	Nice atmosphere away from the Strip, and a good place to just relax somewhat. the casinos are nice as well, and some of the food is great.
1	Everyone needs to do this once. But that is enough!!  Great music, cheap drinks, ok gambling. The scary zombie like meth heads combined with drugs, alcohol, prostitutes, etc... We left around 1am on A Friday night and headed back to the strip because we we worried for our safety. Have fun.... Yikes
5	This place is CRAZY! How I expected the Hollywood Walk of Fame to be. Everyone is drunk, live concerts, weirdos, half naked street performers, and nasty bums all under one L.E.D. display roof. I found it more interesting than the Las Vegas Strip. The freaks come out at night!
3	The light shows at night are the only reason this is a three star attraction.  Because other than the golden nugget, Fremont street is pretty bad.  But to the positive first, the light show is very entertaining and the different shows each time are nice.  We were there on sunday and they played a lot of 70's music (doors) which is alright by me.  My wife and I stood in the middle of the street in awe of the light shows.  We just havent seen anything like that before.  It was even more interesting to stand at one end and watch so you could take in just how long the show is.  The bad....well, fremont is considered old vegas, and apparently old vegas is dirty, smelly, and full of bums, alcoholics, and impersonators.  It was just really dirty and the people were rude.  Considering that it could have just been a bad day when we attended, so we will give it another try the next time we are in Vegas.
4	If you are into people watching, seeing cover bands playing classic rock, and looking at the all the freaks Las Vegas has to offer then this place is for you.  There are many casinos here with affordable tables, and the chance to see something out of the ordinary is a sure thing on Fremont street.  Oh yeah, there are also many places to find alcohol so how could you go wrong here.  Grab a drink, walk the street, and enjoy the show.After reading other reviews I have to add...many of the casinos are very nice and clean.  Check out the Golden Nugget, Plaza, and of course Fremont.  They aren't the new ritzy places but they are nice and friendly.There are indeed a lot of performers, and some are literally hanging out of their clothes but it is all part of the experience, just don't bring the kids.There were a few beggars but coming from L.A. and visiting New York a few times it actually looked like things were going well in downtown Vegas.Finally, I didn't see one crack head on Fremont street, but if that is the wild life you are looking for the bus station is just a couple blocks away.  I'm sure there is a great risk of being pick pocketed here just like any other place with a large crowd, but there is also a ton of security and cops.Enjoy!!!
4	I like freemont street. My daughter enjoys the music and light shows.  When she is with us we leave by 10pm.  When she is not with us we stroll around and enjoy the later stages shows and cheap drinks.  Some nights/holidays are better then others to people watch.  This is a tip for the drunk non locals... there are two streets where you have to wait for the cross walk before you can cross because of car traffic so be careful you are amuzing to watch as you yell at cars for almost running your ass over because you're in the wrong for walking into oncoming traffic.
4	I love the Freemont Street Experience - the WHOLE experience!Yes people are working in costume for tips, yes you might have to walk a bit and/or pay for parking if you are not staying in one of the nearest hotels, yes there are shady characters downtown (if you are actually in the Freemont street experience though, you are always a few feet away from a casino with tons of people, not seriously dangerous), yes people will try to give you cards and sell you stuff... just like at parts of the strip. But I think I like downtown more than the strip. I know, I know. I sound like a hipster. Oh well! I love the juxtaposition of the new with the old: the old facades of what used to be the main Vegas strip, connected by the modern canopy. Downtown is easier to Casino and/or bar hop, food is cheaper, it's more casual, people-watching is more interesting and there's always something going on - plenty of free entertainment while walking around under the canopy of the Freemont Street Experience. The canopy is really cool. It's basically a giant screen that displays lights/images/graphics/video. The music is loud but it's only annoying if you are in a horrible mood or just super up tight. It's Vegas!
4	the other side of vegas! free activity at vegas... must go at night!
1	This place is ghetto nothing good to see my bf n I even took off our watches n rings we felt we could of been robbed ., Las Vegas blvd way better
5	The saddest part of this is I waited till it was almost time to leave to check this place out. I would have gone here all week, better food deals and better odds I think.  It also felt less uppity, and I'm less uppity, I felt a lot more comfortable then on the strip. I liked it!!
1	IF this sort of Vegas is your think you need not read on. If this is your sort of good time you can go to no no no... don't go. It's like the creepy, reject tourists, a ton of stroller age kids, and knock off go-go dancers, then you can just go to any swap meet for half the price. lol!
5	I love this place....go at night for the light show! I love the Casino Mermaids!!! Free drinks just please tip your awesome ladies....they have old school slot machines which are the best :) Golden Nugget is the best casino on the old school strip. Park at one of the casino/hotels on the Fremont Experience and you can have your parking validated in the casino
1	I love downtown this week the card flippers are downtown you know the ones where sexy girl will meet you in hotel room. Come on downtown has enough issues keep these people on the strip or in metro lockup
5	Fun night, not for the kids but YES to adults to have run, music, topless gals, gambling, light show over street. Even won $450 that night at downtown casino
1	Downtown would be so much better if they took that stupid screen down, never developed the stupid Slotzilla and stupid zipline, and opened the street up to traffic again. I understand the FSE was developed to "revitalize" downtown and get people to go there again, but it turns a unique, classic area into a cheesy, discombobulated mess. The area around Freemont is exploding with new development - bars, casinos, and businesses that are intertwining to create a true neighborhood - and everything on the FSE is missing out because it is encaged.
4	Free rock concerts!  What could be better:)
5	Fremont street was the first established street in Vegas, so it makes sense that it's also the home to a great Vegas experience.Park at the Golden Nugget (not free) to get right up on the action. It has all of the glowing lights, casinos, free drinks, and restaurants that you'll find on the strip, and so much more.We saw:A guy playing his heart out on a wailing saxophone.A Mr. t impersonator.A Rihanna impersonator.A really funny Russian guy decked out as Bumble Bee, the transformer!There's also the world's largest tv screen covering the entire length overhead of the Experience.We found vendors selling fedoras, funny animal hats, watches, personalized signs, kettle corn!My two favorite attractions were a guy who would sculpt your face out of a clay mold right on the spot and a spray paint artist. There was also a guy who writes on individual rice grains. Wow...We were greeted in front of the Mermaid casino by women dressed in Vegas showgirl outfits, mardi gras beads and all. Not to mention that the experience has access to some of my favorite casinos.This hot spot is recommended by locals and visitors. Don't miss it!
2	Not impressed by Fremont. It's just a bunch of casino's and souvenir shops. It's so small too. the zip lining was shut down which is what we went for.I rather just walk down the strip and not feel so damn claustrophobic.
5	I live in Phoenix, and have bragged to others about how many times I've passed THROUGH Las Vegas on my way to other places, but never BEEN there, because everyone and their dog talks about how awesome Vegas is. My eyes glaze over, and I avoid it. Until the second weekend of June. I met up with a couple of coworkers who frequent Vegas. They knew what to expect; I didn't. At the advice of my travel companion who hates the Strip, we booked a room at the Golden Nugget. He has been to the Fremont Street Experience before. Having avoided Vegas for so long, I had no expectations. It pains me to say it, but not only did I not hate it, I loved it. I pictured some dinky little tourist trap. I did NOT expect a FIVE BLOCK LONG overhead LCD screen. I had no idea you could walk the entire length with a drink in your hand and no one would care. Found out later that's legal on the Strip too. Now I know why they say "what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas." Not many places nowadays where you can throw caution to the wind and be yourself. You can smoke, you can drink, you can live it up, and you fit right in. I couldn't care less about gambling, and I didn't spend a nickel on it. But Fremont is truly an experience.
4	I always enjoy Fremont.  It's a nice change up from the strip.  Everything is in close proximity.  They offer some good restaurants, casinos and entertainment! Yes...  I would say sometimes it's like the Jerry Springer show walking around down there.  But isn't that good entertainment??! The giant overhead screen that spans a few blocks is a must see.  They play a different song at the top of the hour with the video playing.  During that time they also shut off the outside casino lights to make the show that much more impressive.   My favorite one is Queen~ We Will Rock You/We Are the Champions.  It's awesome.  They also have the zip line over Fremont.  It's something neat to do but I usually see the longer lines at night.  I have seen a few people stop short of the end (which is pretty funny).  One of the guys has to hook himself up on the line and go get the zip liner.  Again... entertaining! On the weekend there are live bands on 2 or 3 different stages depending on the night.  Some good, some not so good but everyone is having a good time to the tunes.  We always seem to have a fun time down on Fremont.  Let's just say the Freaks come out at night!
3	my family use to really enjoy going here, esp. when school is out.  we enjoy walking down the freemonth streets, watching the light shows, going to the gift shops, listening to the free concerts outside.  recently though, the place hasn't  been safe, there have been shootings, lots of annoying homeless or psych people wondering giving problems.they should have more police patrols in the areas.
4	This place improves, if not, saves lives.Fremont Street is akin to a suicide prevention hot line.Women with low self esteem and body dysmorphia will feel like Monica Bellucci after witnessing women with massive back boobs and an even more impressive tooth dancing to Tom Petty.Ox tail soup at The Cal will listen to you as you slurp it and nurture the decision you made...that going in raw dog was the right thing to do.I was walking, minding my own business...lamenting my sure fire scheme to get rich on the Crazy for Poker table when my nose started to bleed and I plugged it with a wad of TP.  There I was...standing amongst the hordes of less attractive people with a wad of TP up my nostril.  No one laughed.  No one stopped and stared.  I belonged.With a new found confidence, I sat down at another Crazy for Poker table.  I reeled out a fat pimp stack all the while with what was basically a tampon shoved up my nose...like a boss.  Despite all its Mother Theresa-like qualities, there's a shit-ton of fuckery going on there that I can get down with.  Ya dig?
5	I love going to Downtown - to me, this is the real Vegas, the one that I remember from my childhood. The strip is for suckers, tourists and people who don't know any better. This place has much more character. I've taken friends and family, who were visiting from out of town, to the Fremont Street Experience, and they've all enjoyed it thoroughly - from the old casinos, the decent food, the live music, the street performers to the ziplines, it's all good! Yes, you'll probably encounter hustlers, pimps, hos, junkies and beggars here (as in any other major city), but part of the fun is seeing people from all walks of life!
2	Review update....all of my comments in my previous review still applies, but there are now more freaks and weirdos out under the canopy.  It's very ghetto and there are a lot of teenagers here hanging out and drinking.....not a good combination.  We didn't feel comfortable here at all.  We walked to the new East Fremont entertainment district instead.I can't wait until they re-open the ziplines...that will probably bring me back.Return Factor - 50%
4	From 7pm to midnight , and til 1am on weekends, there is an hourly show broadcast on the canopy that covers the pedestrian-only street.   In summer months, it may not start until 8pm, because they wait for it to be thoroughly dark (heat might be an issue as well).  The schedule can be pre-empted by special events.  A slight negative is that there is almost no seating, you have to stand and watch the show.  And there is little variety, if you see an 8pm show one night, the show at 8pm the next night is 98% likely to be exactly the same.The resolution of the images is a bit behind the times - the canopy was last upgraded in 2005 or so, another update would be helpful - but it's impressive nonetheless.  If you want to get very good food without breaking the budget, there are several hotels on Fremont which will feed you well for not much money.  Value wise, I like the lunch buffets, which generally run from about 11am to 3pm.   Be sure to join the frequent gamblers club before dining, the food deals are often even better for club members.  I am partial to the buffet inside the Fremont Hotel (Paradise Buffet).  Inside the Four Queens, Magnolia's Veranda is very good (table service, not a buffet).The street itself, yeah, it's a magnet for all comers.  DT Vegas has some of the cheapest hotels around, meaning some people who look like bums and complete misfits are in reality low brow guests and scraping-by residents.  Re: drunk people complaints ... seriously, if drunk people offend you, why are you in Vegas? And yes, there is some crime, I strongly recommend women leave their purses in their rooms if they are gonna be out late.  Guys should keep their keys, ID and cash in the front pockets of their jeans/shorts.There are generally a couple different stages of live music, one country-ish, and one rock-ish.  It's cover bands, but good cover bands.I'll give you the usual Vegas advice of always asking how much a drink costs before ordering.  And don't buy a crushed ice margarita in a really big funny shaped container, for a whole bunch of reasons (reason 1, how often do you think they empty and clean out the machines that dispense said drink?).  If you are staying at one of the nearby hotels, you can easily bring a drink with you to the street, as long as it is not glass, and not overtly liquor.  Most of the casinos are pretty easy going about you bringing a drink in with you, especially if you look semi-washed and presentable.
4	The people watching was so much fun. The staff at most businesses  were very friendly and could answer most any question we had about Fremont Street and  Las Vegas. The facial cream people need to back off and quit trying to pull women into their shop despite the many times they hear the words "No thank you!" I found myself having to walk on the opposite side of the street to avoid these pushy people. No once, listen; no twice, I'm going to yell; no three times, people need to involve security. Speaking of security: they need more. Too many people having to rush through and not enjoy the entertainment because they are constantly being approached by beggars. A few, fine. Every few minutes, not fine. Needs to be an enforced age restriction. So many tourist parents there late at night with school aged and younger kids watching these scantilly clad women and men causes many of us to feel very uncomfortable.
4	I did both The Strip and Fremont Street during my stay.Fremont Street reminded me of AC-the type of place to people watch with a degree of unseemliness. Actors walk around in costumes ala LA posing for photos. There's dancers dancing provocatively on a stage. Theres a show every hour at night. I always thought the show was a light show, visual show spectacular. Turns out the nightly show is a music video being shown on the canopy. Sorta blah to me.It was worth a visit at least once.
4	Really cool place..minus the thugs and beggars..cheap beer,cheap gambling and food..a okay..careful at night,its downtown,other then that is a good place.
4	This place is INSANE!!!!!  I absolutely LOVED it and everyone who goes to Vegas MUST go there.  There are people everywhere, a live band, the video on the ceiling, actors in costume and just plain FUN!  I didn't see the zip lining when I was there and I was bummed about that because I did want to experience that.  Beware that the later it gets, the drunker it gets.  Keep everything where you can see it so you don't get pick pocketed and just know that you will experience what you will.If you don't go, you're missing out on an experience.  I like the strip at night but I'm not a "pay $1200.00 for 2 bottles for bottle service" kind of gal and this was GREAT for 1 night of FUN!  Just plain COOL!  GO!
5	This place is just craziness!We were here for a Yelp event and we got to walk around & bar hop.  Love the vibe of the area as there are people from all walks of life including the zip liners, families, drunks, live bands, people coming to check out the overhead screen & of course the "entertainers".  We can't forget about them!  FSE is a block party in the middle of downtown Las Vegas.  With a zip line overhead, different stages & bands, this place is happening!  I haven't been to Fremont Street in ages & I'm glad we got to experience it!Awesome job, Downtown!
2	It's pretty boring, but at least it was something to do.
3	Took the deuce bus here. Good place to see diff characters and locals.
4	This was one of my fave places to visit while I was in Vegas: drinks are cheap, souvenirs are cheap, food is cheap....need I say more?Between the casinos lining the sides and the drink vendors beckoning, what is there not to like about Freemont? The price tag is way less than the strip so you can do way more with the money you have! The souvenir shops were way cheaper as well (we bought an ash tray for my grandfather on the strip for $8 and found the same there for 99 cents!)They also have a canopy show which is pretty awesome as well as ziplining (which was closed while I was there, so disappointing)
3	We actually came here Sunday afternoon to zip line down Fremont street but disappointingly they were under construction. I think it's worthing checking out once if you are in Vegas but besides the antique casinos still running, nothing stood out. Evenings may be another story with the light show and free concerts but don't know since I didn't stay long.
3	With all the times I've been to Vegas, I'd never seen the show at Freemont Street.I've been there during the day for cheap food/drinks/people watching - but have heard over and over I *have* to see it at night.Meh.Yes, it's a free block party.Yes, all walks of life.Yes, cheap and abundant drinks.Casinos, souvenirs and freaks. What could be bad?It wasn't bad...but I don't consider myself any better off having done it. We stayed long enough for me to see three "shows."Tributes to Bon Jovi, Queen and the Doors. After the level of disappointment in the Queen tribute (the others had a few songs and were MUCH louder, showing off the sound system. Queen was barely audible and only "We Are the Champions"), I was ready to leave - but we happily stayed long enough for the Doors. Somehow, in the setting of Freemont Street at night, "People Are Strange" is the perfect thing to hear. Nice way to end the evening and not leave a terrible taste in my mouth. (Hell, I had a 48 ounce daiquiri - it was a yummy taste in my mouth!)If I am with people who want to go there, I wouldn't try to sway the vote another way - but I don't think I'd suggest it as a thing to do.Like I said, Meh.
5	I have gone to many events on Fremont Street for the past few years. I enjoy how diverse the people are downtown. You can really have a good time, even with out any plans. Drinks are much cheaper downtown as well.
4	This was our first time staying here and it was a blast! We went on Halloween and we are looking forward to going back. It is much different than "the strip" but we really liked the street party atmosphere.
1	Are you a drunk hillbilly easily impressed by reality tv? Do you love laser Pink Floyd shows at the local planetarium? Have you ever paid to see a Journey cover band? Well! Get yourself a bus pass and go see the Fremont Street Experience! I will add a caveat - the old school signage and lights are pretty cool. And the Mermaid still pays in nickels - and I pulled some silver coins out of the bucket (score!). But the sinus infection from the smoke and filth weren't worth the trip. This is just stinky, horrible filth for blocks. Add in the worst impersonators Vegas has to offer, the fattest showgirls in the county handing out mardi gras beads, the worst live music you've ever witnessed, the godawful show on the roof above (a Bon Jovi video? Are you fucking kidding me? And who are you morons dancing and rocking out to this?) and you have a waste of an evening. You couldn't pay me enough to ever visit this again. Truly awful, dirty, boring, tacky (in a bad way, not a fun kitschy way), lame, and for borderline functioning adults who are wowed by anything shiny.
2	Overhyped, overpriced and now host to one of the ugliest structures in the world, it is FREMONT STREET.Once the hub of Vegas, Fremont Street is now relegated to the status of carnival attraction despite the heroic, if mostly unsuccessful, attempts to attract visitors.From the let down of a light show (occasionally they break out a good one) to the greedy and mostly untalented street performers (I appreciate good ones but really how much talent does it take to dress up like a transformer or superman), Fremont Street Experience is simply a means to an end.  The addition of the Long Bar has only made drinks more expensive.  It is next to impossible to find the inexpensive tables near the freemont street entrance anymore.So how do they bring people to Freemont.  Apparently it is by building the world's largest, and ugliest, slot machine to double up the zipline availability (and cost).  While many unsuspecting twentysomethings will give it a whirl, it is just another eyesore coming to vegas.Why two stars?  Well there are still some gems on Fremont and some new places that are worth a go pop up.  Plus it is still cheaper than the strip and more of a party atmosphere.Best of all, they do have good stage shows especially during the concert series.
3	I have always loved Freemont Street, the price of food and drinks cannot be beat anywhere in Vegas! I was disappointed the zip line is gone, but overall another great time with music and food.  Will return to Freemont over and over, this really is Vegas, baby!
4	Downtown Vegas is where it's at!After the mega-casinos on The Strip lured most of the tourism away from the downtown area, something was needed to bring the masses (and their money) back-- and the Fremont Street Experience was born.  Several blocks of the street have been converted to a pedestrian-only thoroughfare of lights, music, and mayhem.The highlight of the "Experience" is the 10 minute long (or so?) show on the massive overhead screen with music pumped throughout the space.  The neon signs and flashing lights of the casinos lining the street are shut off while the show is going on, but the hubbub of the crowd going about their own 'Las Vegas Experiences' continues unabated.  There are also a couple of live music stages and a ton of street performers here.From my own experience at the Experience, I found the vibe downtown to be a lot more lively and fun than on The Strip-- and cheaper, too.  I also like that the casinos here are smaller, older, and grittier than their colossal counterparts on Las Vegas Blvd.Naturally, this never ending party is one fueled by alcohol.  From what I've heard, the "open container law" on alcohol IS strictly enforced throughout most of the City of Las Vegas-- but the pedestrian-only covered area of Fremont Street is a glaring exception to the rule.  There are even several walk-up bars located right on the street!
5	People on here are crazy - the Fremont Street Experience, first of all, is FREE!!! One of the few things in Vegas worth seeing that is free, besides the Bellagio Fountain show. To cut your costs, I also suggest just buying a bottle of something and mixing your own drinks in water bottles/those huge plastic glasses with lids that people are always walking around with.The light shows are pretty cool - they last about 5 minutes or so and start every hour on the hour starting around 8 I think? The ones they had while I stayed there were Queen, Bon Jovi, Heart, The Doors, I can't remember the rest. But what is really fun are all of the cartoons that are there on the street. People dressed as Thor, transformers, showgirls, Chippendales, Elmo, etc. People creating spray paint art, guys banging on 5-gallon buckets, saxophone players, and then of course the guy passed out on the ground after drinking way too much. My parents and I just sat at Starbucks, and people-watching is more entertaining than anything on the street.Around 10, I think, they have live music just about every night. I think Wed-Sun. The bands were a variety, but mostly all cover bands. But once again - it is FREE! I saw plenty of people that just brought 12 packs, set them on the ground in front of the stage and partied. This is definitely your go-to if you are on a budget!!! Otherwise, buying two drinks cost me $21.00 without tip!Also, if you wander a little further away from the pedway, out just a block or two, there are some cool bars and a great thai place. Definitely spend at least one night down here if you are tired of the strip or out of money. :)
3	This is always fun to experience!The canopy on top is amazing and plays really fun videos and music but it gets loud at night if you have to get to sleep early.The bands that play on Freemont Street stages are always a lot of fun and have a lot of interaction with the crowd. My only complaint is that we were there for my sister's wedding and she got married on the balcony of Gold Diggers Club. The music from the stage drowned out my sister's wedding which sucked. There needs to be better planning in that regard. Also, there are a lot of gimmicks on Freemont Street. A lot of people are dressed up as characters looking to take pictures with tourists for money and there is some nudity - definitely not a place for young children.
5	I Always make sure to come to Fremont everytime I visit Vegas! Love walking around with a beer and people watching. The light show is cool too! So much action with drunks its pretty entertaing. So much fun I love it!
4	Please people do NOT bring your babies out here!  I have to go to Vegas regularly for work and have to stay downtown so I have spent a lot of time by default down here. I love the FSE because it is free, vibrant and loud. The scenery is ever changing and you can drink openly. In fact those giant football cocktail slushies remind me of New Orleans (with less brick). You can have your picture taken with Elvis, Kiss, a handsome man in a g-string and some other people so bizarre they defy description. But like every place where drunken revelers gather, there is a lot of smoke, vomit, urine and all manner of incredibly lewd behavior. The bands are great (especially enjoyed Loveshack) and play free all night long but the bands are LOUD. Think about how that sounds to delicate baby ears asleep in the stroller. It always bothers me to see parents pushing little ones through this melee. Last night I saw one drinking Jack right out of a bottle positioned in the stroller next to the pacifiers. Really?  Really this isn't an experience for the young 'uns. Please get a babysitter. Your children will thank you.
3	Lots of lights, noise, people, everything downtown.  The one thing I have to say about downtown is they do a great job keeping it clean.  You can see everything from very limber showgirls, to kiss, to live statues, Stevie Wonder, even a 65+ year old Cupid wearing spangled heart shaped red pasties.  Spend some time downtown and experience the performance.
5	My husband and I had a great time on Fremont Street. We were in Vegas for marathon weekend. Cheering on the runners was a good time. We also bout a flower made from a palm and a characature. While these weren't chwao, they were worth it. Tips: I would stay away from Binions. We played there for over an hour and never got a single drink. Also, mermaids pays in quarters, which isn't conveniant. The night light show was so fun. We watched The Who and Bon Jovi. Fun! There were acts to watch. Lots of free or cheap fun. The payouts on Fremont street are are more than the strip. I played slots on $20 for over two hours. Awesome!
4	Old Vegas. Big history. $2 beer. The only place a know that still has money dropping out of the machine when you win. Many street performers. Street people. It is not for everybody. If street people bother you I wouldn't go. Not the nicest place or cleanest. If that bothers you I wouldn't go. Old school casinos. I wouldn't stay here but I like going every time im in vegas, especially with some one who hasn't been before. I definitely recommend you go to the golden nugget at look at the aquarium they have there. It looks great. Also try to park at the golden nugget. It looks a little better than the rest of the parking areas.
2	Weird place.Random shops selling random stuff.Homeless people holding buckets for money.Places selling $1 frozen margaritas.There is a Starbucks in there, and I feel like it could be a cool place to go if/when it becomes more modern.
4	They air condition the outside. The. Outside.This is either the most amazing human accomplishment, or a sure sign of the coming apocalypse.After enough of both the abundant frozen daiquiris and man candy on display, you really won't care which it is. Science! Doom! Daiquiri!
4	I haven't been to the FSE since 12/11, and I'm glad I got the chance to come back.  Even though the rain and cold kept a lot of people away, you could tell that traffic was starting to build by the time we left at 10 pm.. That's right, the party was just starting to kick up at 10:PM!This is truly a one of a kind place. A large screen TV over head plays about 9 minutes of music once an hour - this time around it's HEART, and I couldn't have been happier, I LOVE HEART.  You'll see a lot of "street performers" who are dressed in costume, who are happy to pose in photos (With your camera) for a tip.  This is how they make their living folks!   There are Spray paint artists, and homeless beggars, as well as "cross dressers" in knee high boots that are looking for a way to make a buck. It's a veritable cross section of 'Merica!  Businesses align the walk way, specialty sellers that include  a place selling frozen daqueries, socks for $10 a pair, sparkly jewelry, and lord knows what else, it's a mega mall of the best people watching I've ever seen. One quick tip?  When the video show goes on, keep your valuables close. If you're being distracted, that's when the pick pockets come out and take advantage of you.
4	Love this place there is so much going on. Street magicians and shows you can enjoy and be amazed by. It is best at night time when all the lights are lit and the place is much more lively. I went during the day and it was still amazing but not so lively. I guess if you want to beat the crowd then I would definitely go during the day time. The only reason that I gave a four was that there was no zipline available for the time I went. Other than that it is a fun place with lots and lots to do and see.
3	I'm not hating....I just didn't like this place. So this is the original strip and it's what put Vegas on the map. Binion's is here, along with the vintage Cowboy sign waving his arm. I remember seeing that sign on television growing up in the Philippines watching Vegas starring Robert Ulrich as Dan Tanna, Private Investigator. Yes, I'm that old if you remember that TV series. Honestly, I didn't know what to expect. I definitely wanted to come here and experience what it had to offer as it was also on my bucket list. We came here on a Saturday night, our first night in Vegas, so the place was definitely happening. It's definitely an impressive place, but I was not impressed. It reminded me of an adult version of Universal Studios' City Walk in La La Land. Yes, it's an all out assault on all the senses. There's freaks, sideshows, cheap souvenirs made in China, libation, celebrity doppelgangers, dancing Go Go Girls, neon lights, homeless, crack heads, gangsters, wanna be gangsters, sharks, whales, tribute bands and people taking selfies every second. I wanted to photo bomb some of them. Then there's the Pink Elephant in the room: Dare I say it? Yes, it is a tourist trap. At least there where plenty of folks who seemed to enjoy it and were having a blast dancing and frolicking with one another. Then again, most of them were sh*t faced whom I couldn't tell if they were dancing, gyrating or suffering from alcohol poisoning and on on the verge of vomiting. Yes, fun times indeed.Then there's the overpowering stench of cigarette smell and smoke engulfing the place. It is outdoors so you would think there's plenty of ventilation to blow out the smoke, but it just sits there suffocating you. My eyes were getting irritated and I couldn't breathe and see. My senses were telling me to get out and never come back. At least I can say been there, done that. Definitely not a place for me.
4	If you have only been to the strip your missing out. Downtown freemont experience is the place to be now. For tourist AND locals. The D, Las Vegas Club and the Golden nugget are some of the best casinos downtown with super friendly dealers :) there's so much to to from fine dining to concerts to show and gambling and entertainment and shopping and dancing at clubs :) to bar hoping and video games :) it's the place to be for sure.
3	Even though thie might not be something really extraordinary in a city where extraordinary is the norm but i still think you shouldnt miss this place if your visiting (like who really lives in Vegas, right? he he). This place is about a 10 min cabride from "the strip" and is often refered to as "old vegas" where the first old casionos where back in the (ok Flamingo excluded). You have Binions and Golden Nugget and such old school casino hotels as well as the famous Vegas Vic cowboy who used to wave his hands to the visitors of Las Vegas. Today you have a roof over Freemont Str wich is also a huge screen where you can see music videos or other fun things depending on what time you are there. Its lots of people, restaurants and bars as it is on the strip just a bit different.  My inside tip if your in the area and suddenly feel the urge to eat a fantastic steak in an mens cigarr club kind of a  setting: Vic & Anthonys inside The Golden Nugget.  Best steak in Vegas with nice ambiance and great servers. Bring your big wallet though because quality come with a price tag.
1	It seems like a good idea at first -- why shouldn't we go and experience the charm of Old Vegas, under the twinkling canopy of screens that play music videos with an hourly show?Well, let me tell you why you shouldn't. * The show that is touted as a magical musical experience? Not so impressive.  We watched it for about a minute before the novelty wore off.  * Total tourist trap.  Every store is just selling the same cheap, tacky items.  * We went in the evening, bad idea.  Do the cracked out meth heads come out at night, or are they always there?* Kind of goes with the last bullet point, but it feels super sketchy.  Hold on to your purses, ladies!* Hard to find parking (at least for us)What I did enjoy here:* Visual impact of the screens is pretty * There was a graffiti artist making and selling beautiful landscapes made entirely by spraypaint.  It was mesmerizing to watch; he was so talented!We probably walked around for half an hour before we left, and it wasn't worth the hassle in my opinion.  Perhaps it's more lively in the morning, but there were more hobos and aforementioned meth heads than people there to see the sights.  Checked it off my bucket list, but I won't be coming back.
5	Always did and always will LOVE this strip versus the "New"strip. Great entertainment.. cheap drinks.. and better luck winning!
3	This place has changed a lot over the years. It's nothing like it was in the good old days. Still pretty cool and fun to walk on the street. I like getting the free pic with a million dollars at the Horseshoe. It's fun walking down the street and weighing on the big scale outside the Heart Attack Grill. Still fun free things to do. But nothing like it used to be
5	Absolutely awesome. As a first timer, I loved it. I probably wouldn't go back again just because I've already been there, but just like Times Square, if you're in Vegas, you should definitely check this place out. Highlights are as follows*zipline*music/light show on the ceiling*more gambling*street performers*the weird feeling that you might get jacked at any second* the 30 second terror you feel when you think you've lost your group and realize you don't have your cell phone and have no idea how to get back to the StripThat last one is interchangeable
5	This area is a must if you're visiting Las Vegas. I don't gamble but, it's the only place where I walked into a casino and heard the slot machines ringing repeatedly. This entire street is what I pictured Vegas to look like. Unlike the newer fancier places to its south, drunk homeless people begging for money were non-existent. Come here at night as all the lights are appreciated best when the sun is out. Lots to do, lots of choices to eat and you will be seeing what Vegas is really intended to be like.
1	I wanted Downtown Las Vegas to be a revitalizing experience but soon realized that the Fremont Street Experience has more bad going for it than good.  Being a long time visitor of Las Vegas, I realize that it was in 1974 that I turned 21 and have been going to Downtown and then the Strip when I made more money. The allure of old Downtown never left me. The Mint, The Landmark and Glitter Gulch were vibrant and had class.  I just came back visiting Fremont Street and was terribly depressed. Pan handlers and homeless people wander around asking for handouts for their drug habits.  At night, it gets worse. Security is lax and more transients occupy the various positions which makes tourists extremely uncomfortable.  I know what Fremont Street was before closing the street, during, after and now.  I will recommend anyone who has an inkling of sanity to avoid Fremont Street until Tony Hsieh is allowed to fix it.  The powers that be are restraining Tony of Zappos from fixing Downtown for historic purposes due to plain greed.  Downtown after all has the charm potential of old Las Vegas that the Las Vegas mega Strip Hotels are afraid to lose gaming business. Once again, for safety sakes, avoid Downtown Las Vegas Fremont experience is best left to memories for now.The best Hotel in Downtown is the Golden Nugget. The others are dives now.
5	This is my most favorite place in Vegas. There is always something to do and see. You cannot go to vegas and not visit Fremont Street.
4	What's not to love! Old town Las Vegas. Tons of lights.Zipline. Lights. Gambling. Lights. Great food. Lights.A must in anyone's lifetime. And can I say this again ... I won here too!
5	My buddy emailed me to see if I wanted to go to Vegas for New Year.  He said he was going to Fremont street, which I thought might not be as fun as the main drag, but I couldn't have been more wrong.There is a $40.00 wristband charge to be on the main drag for this night but after seeing what they put out there, a very nominal charge in the grand scheme.There were stages set up through the street and the first band I missed - Lover boy.  I'm sure I would have laughed and had fun but I was busy drinking and making my way to the main stage to ring in the  new year with Blues Travelers....Great Show as always.  After the new year hit, we walked over to the other stage to see Vince Neil.  I've never seen him before but with a small crowd he was pretty damn fun.  This was followed by Papa Roach, who I missed.  we opted to go into one of the bars to see a 50's rockabilly band with an Elvis impersonator.Considering there were I believe 10 bands, fireworks and lots of people watching it is a really great way to ring in the new year.
4	Fremont really is a fun, unique experience... old Vegas meets the future with LG electronics. It's cool to catch the light shows and it's also cool to take in all of the old school Vegas neon that has been all jazzed up.There's lots of activities, stores, and a couple of stages for different music acts... only downside is the weirdos... the later it gets on Fremont, the crazier the weirdos seem to get! With plenty of security they're pretty harmless, but watch out for pick pockets when your taking in the glitz and glam of all of the lights.A+ people watching...
5	Been to Vegas many times and Fremont Street and the Golden Nugget is where I want to stay again and again.  We were here with friends in December and had a great time. The Nugget casino is really nice. I love all the glasswork and lighting that is displayed all over.  Stayed in the Rush Tower and the room was wonderful.  Bed very comfortable.  We stayed on Fremont street for the 4 days we were there.  I visited the Mob Museum and shopped some of the kiosks set up on the street. Sampled some chili at the chili and bbq cook off too.
3	You can't leave Vegas without going here at least once, just so you can say you did it. This transformation of downtown took place about 15 years ago in an attempt to revitalize DTLV. For the most part it's a success but unless something is going on it can be pretty boring.I do like The Experience. The overhead archway is pretty phenomenal and I'm glad to see they replaced the lights. Originally the lights were so big that there was very poor resolution. Smaller lights make for a better experience.We arrived back at The Experience just in time to see the show and honestly, I wonder how I got stuck with this one. It was a gross nationalistic display; a flag waving experience complete with crappy flag-waving songs, like I'm Proud to Be an American. Oh brother. I love my country but I don't need to rub it in anyone's face. It feels icky, like a street preacher blaring his crap on a loudspeaker. Maybe next time, if there is one, we'll get lucky. Some of the light shows are pretty cool.Check it out and determine for yourself if it was worth it. One good thing about it is that the crowd isn't overwhelming like the strip can be. Pretty subdued and the music isn't actually blaring in your face.
2	Eh, it's like a glorified Bourbon St. in New Orleans. Didn't care for that, didn't really care for this.
3	Freemont is worth going to at least once if you are visiting Vegas. There is plenty to look at and usually a random assortment of street performers can be seen. As a local I think going on the weekend is your best bet. While it is busier, with the area, that's a good thing.There are a lot of homeless people that hang around the area so when you are out in the middle of the week at about 11pm it's..interesting.
5	A MAJOR must visit place when visiting Las Vegas ESPECIALLY at night! Better yet, only visit it at night haha. The entire area was fun and gave the classic Las Vegas vibe. The casinos are old when it comes to the lights but inside most/majority of them are updated and modern. The street performers and music performers are pretty awesome and free. There are of course the panhandlers but that's expected since this IS Vegas and it's downtown. There are even some vintage machines and gave an old Vegas experience and when I say that, I mean there's this one casino named Mermaid's and you can actually put coins in the machines and you win coins instead of credits/vouchers if you win at the slot machines of course.I think the slot machines here have a higher chance at winning because I win more times at the slot machines here than on the strip (won $215 on one penny slot and only spent 120 credits [$1.20]). Amazing fun and my friends and I might consider staying here since some casinos are less expensive to stay at and we had a out of fun. Plus 24 hour public transportation to the strip for $8 for a 24 hour bus pass.
3	I really love the actual Fremont Street Experience. Every time I've been to Vegas (25+ times) we always go at least for lunch or a walk around. The stores are cool for picking up a bunch of gifts for the kiddos at home and the food is reasonably priced pretty much anywhere you go.  There is a few more expensive places you can eat within some of the casinos but its simple to find something more reasonable, there are adverts all over the place that price some of the most reasonable food. Its close to the Mob museum which I had a great time at. Also all the old neon is really amazing to see and you just don't get the same feel for it on the main strip.Its always loud and upbeat. The performers are cool, though I stay away from the ones in costume looking to get tips for pictures, they are normally smelly/dirty close up and you don't really want a picture with that. Keep in mind, these people wear those costumes EVERYDAY.My biggest complaint is that its dirty, right off the experience around any corner its gross and ghetto and there are homeless begging everywhere. The artists with the spray paint are most assuredly my favorite thing about the Fremont Street Experience, having stood and watched them a sum total of 10+ hours throughout all my trips there and purchased multiple pieces, I really enjoy it and I think they are the reason that I go back every time I am there.
4	This place is definitely a must see. Where else in town where you can see a light show under a canopy outdoors while you have your own preferred beverage and food and listen to free concerts, shop, dine and gamble in one spot.  Or where else you can zipline under a canopy of lights.  I only rate this place a 4 star out of 5 because I believe it needs more security or law enforcement officers to keep everyone safe and secure and help prevent homeless people from soliciting money or donations because it can hurt business.
4	Every time I have visitors from out of town, this is one of the default places I take them to. If you ask me, I think this place is way better than the actual walk on the strip. Why, you may ask? Well, for starters, you will run into way more "Characters" then the ones you see on the strip simply because you have way more room to walk around and mingle. If you are worried about security, don't worry, they always have cops on bikes patrolling the area. From all the times I have been going here, they do a pretty good job of keeping you safe.The Fremont Street Experience is just that. An EXPERIENCE. If you do this walk every night for a week, I guarantee you will see something different besides drunk ass people falling over themselves and throwing up if they havnt already. There's usually live bands playing in at least three different sections of the place. Sometimes you will have well known bands play every now and then. Just last year, when The D Hotel/Casino first opened, they paid One Republic to put on a concert right in front of the hotel entrance to promote their place. That concert was packed but was worth the entertainment.You also have the giant screen above you that shows about 10 to 15 minutes of tributes to various singers and bands like Queen and The Doors. This is usually every hour on the hour starting at 7 until midnight. They change the start times and show material every so often. Of course you have all the different casinos with all their food and drink specials to drag you into their establishments. Various specials like 99 cent shrimp cocktail and 9.99 prime rib specials, not to mention 99 cent deep fried twinkies and oreos.Just recently, they have been building a zipline attraction called Slotzilla that replaces the old one because it was short and not very high. At the time of  this review, I thought they were supposed to be done with it about 3 months ago.If you go further down away from where the giant screen ends (not the Plaza Hotel side), where Heart Attack Grill is, you find a lot more attractions specifically designed for the drinking crowd of 21 and over. Places like Insert Coins, The Griffin, and further down, the Container Park.So once you get tired of the strip, come here and hang out in old Vegas where it all started. Just make sure to tip any characters you take pictures with because that is how some if not all make their living.Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #44
1	Like walking into the world's largest homeless shelter.I remember visiting "The Fremont Street Experience" shortly after they unveiled it with it's beautiful high-tech roof, talented street artists every block or so, and cops walking the beat. I felt safe and it was exciting.Years have passed.I paid $7.50 to park across the street. There are a few street artists there, but mostly it was assorted toothless meth heads begging for money, a guy dressed in a dirty Elmo costume, a blank-stared woman with a sign tied around her neck that read "homeless vet's wife needs help", some shoeless folks sleeping in the planters, and drunk people barfing on the street. No cops, but some private "security" kids huddled in groups talking and drinking their energy drinks. The concrete was sticky with some unknown substance most everywhere I walked. Merchants stand outside their shops trying to grab some unsuspecting fool and sell them a wrinkle treatment, good luck charm, novelty photo or some other useless crap. In line for a cheap hot dog, a filthy drunk guy shouted and cursed unintelligibly right next to me for the 10 minute wait. This place is like a nightmare where nothing makes sense and it's all very frightening. I can take care of myself, but don't recommend you come here and take any chances. Unless of course you find the possibility of being knifed at any moment attractive.
1	You may not want to bring young children here... First off, the Fremont Street Experience is pretty impressive, if not even jaw-dropping. The light show is properly psychedelic and not to be missed if you ever visit Las Vegas. Four or five stars for that.However ... there are lots of people (women and men) standing around wearing very little in the way of clothing, and you can get your picture taken with them - for a price. Don't ask me how much, because I don't know. The guys with Spiderman, Incredible Hulk, Iron Man and Captain America costumes are kid-friendly, at least. There is a jazz sax man who plays soprano, alto and tenor sax, and he is pretty good. And the contortionist is worth watching, anyway.You will also find lots of kiosks where you can buy tee-shirts and all manner of interesting things.But, overall, Fremont Street should be rated PG-13, if not R. And the postcards of "Sin City" invariably show some voluptuous chick, but maybe they should show some fat slob gorging himself at a buffet. That's a sin, too.
4	It's been almost a decade since I've been back to downtown Vegas...and what a transition in the right direction it's made!Fremont Street is a big part of that no doubt and it is no longer the shady cesspool of homeless, drunkards, and meth-heads it was a few years back.The cool projector overhead that puts on a thematic show is still pretty much the same as it was, but they have added a zipline that you can ride right under the canopy and there are a lot more shops and restaurants than there used to be.There is also an outdoor bar by the D Hotel and an easy access entrance to the 4 Queens.I loved that it was within easy walking distance from my hotel, The Downtown Grand and even walking back at 2am, it was well-lit and I never felt in danger as a single female walking by myself.I also enjoyed the free musical acts that performed on the Center Stage right on 3rd. I saw Bridge, this electric cello duo that was absolutely amazing! I am glad to see that under the grit there is the glitz of Downtown Vegas' centerfold. You clean up well, Fremont!
3	Fremont Street is fun and a ball for people watching.  But, I always get depressed by the local with the baby at 1 AM,  or the guy who can't walk to the car, but is going to try and drive, or the 80 year old man with his beer, red eyes, and pants he can't seem to pull up his pants. If you need motivation to stay in school kids, visit Fremont Street.
4	They are really whipping this place back into shape.  Its  lil SLEAZY, which is definitly my scene.. there are a ton of little mom and pop/hipster bars as well.. come check it out
4	As you can probably tell from my other reviews, I LOVE this part of Vegas. Everyone thinks of The Strip when they think of Las Vegas, but Downtown is where it all started. The Strip is the cool spot, the place to be seen, the place to spend a ton of money on clubs and dining and being at the center of "it". Fremont St. Experience is where you make your own "it" - it's a much more real, down-to-earth vibe, where everyone is focused on gambling, getting drunk, and having a good time. You get the classic feel of Vegas - from the lights of "Glitter Gulch" to rounds of Sigma Derby in the D's classic slots room. Elvis Impersonator concerts? Check. Street performers offering anything from ventriloquism to banana hammocks to bring the end of the world via the pan flute. Yeah, they have that too. Cheap Eats? Fancy dining? You're covered either way. Craft Beer? There's three craft breweries to choose from - Triple 7, Chicago Brewing Company, and the newly-opened Banger Brewing. It's not all sunshine and roses ... don't be surprised if you're approached for a "donation" or a "proposition" at some point. And I wouldn't recommend straying too far from the main drag at night. But I felt perfectly safe cruising down the heart of the Fremont St. Experience at any time of night. And there is ALWAYS something going on.Maybe your goal on your trip to Vegas is to do the cool things, be part of the "it scene" with the beautiful people, and that's fine. But do yourself a favor and take a bit of time to go down to "Old Vegas" and take in the Experience that is Downtown on Fremont St.
5	I have heard so many reviews about the Fremont Street Experience I was looking forward to making it down there to see what the commotion was all about. We walked from the Downtown Grand Hotel which seemed like it put us about the center of the experience. We walked up one side of the street and came back down the other and I must admit I really enjoyed seeing all of the street performers. ...Some of them were quite amazing, some were just so so and some I just couldn't understand why they were out there..... they werent doing anything but just stainding there expecting tips ...lolEvery hour on the hour the light show plays and it just so happens that the show we saw was what I would call a dedication to our men and women in uniform. All I can say is WOW.... what an awesome tribute.Looking forward to going back tomorrow night.
3	This past Valentine's Day was my first time here and I loved it!Unfortunately, I don't think I'd be able to spend an entire weekend down here since it seems like all there is to do is gamble, drink and go zip-lining. I would have liked to see a bar/lounge/club here or have the option of seeing a show.Regardless, the crowd is a lot more relaxed and chill here. It seems like it is an older crowd so people don't get AS rowdy here as opposed to the strip.It's great seeing where Vegas really got started and being able to enjoy cheap slots/tables and even some slots that still give out coins instead of vouchers!There's a lot going on here at night with small shows outside, music blasting, people wearing weird costumes and all, but the strip is just a little too small.It is definitely a must see at least once in your life.
4	Fun and different, this is a good break from the Strip. Home of The Heart Attack Grille - you gotta see this - and a zillion little shops, kiosks, and bars. Lots of other quirky stuff to see and do, and the people-watching is tops. Don't miss the light show at night, and watch for bums and pickpockets - yes, it's that kind of area.
4	Staying at the golden nugget for my birthday and was able to experience the experience lol ... Awesome!!! Glad I didn't stay on the strip was apart of this every night!!! Everything you need is right there!! Liquor, food, entertainment, walgreens, etc...
5	I love Fremont. If you've never been, it's a must try Atleast once. There's never a dull moment here. From weirdo-watching, to cheap booze, to deep fried Oreos, zip lining, and of course the light shows (The Doors being my fave), street performers, crackheads running a muck, wasted girls falling around showing cooch, drunken Santa Claus. God, I can go on forever.
4	Its fun first time, and always a SIGHT second and beyond times.   I like it , but it is SO VEGAS, it makes me a little embarrased and sick sometimes.  The spectical of the street performers is interesting, but the homeless guys on the streets are an interesting addition.  Mark this, they are not obnoxious, and these are the good guys, keeping there shit together down there, but they are there still, plus like 10000 tourist day and night, its cool, I love drinking beers watching street shows, and rock concerts on the experience, plus the huge zipline is a great attraction for thrill seekers.   I like the 1 Yard COCKTAILS hanging off everyones neck too, but I ususally and in and out of that craziness.  But have at it, it could be 5 star drunkeness for you...get some!
3	This place seems pretty cool. I went during the day so it wasn't has busy although it was St. Patrick's Day so there was still stuff going on.Some of the street vendors are super aggressive. They reel you in, make you wait while they give you their spiel, then walk you directly to the credit card machine without even asking if you want to purchase their items. Don't be fooled!The crazies are a little more concerning. I walked across the path of one of these crazies. He was shuffling along like a zombie. I didn't cut him off by any stretch but when I got in front, he accelerated into me and tried to knock me down. He looked like one of those guys who had been beaten up by life repeatedly and didn't care anymore. Good thing I have a low centre of gravity or I'd have been knocked on my ass. In any case, it didn't seem worth making something of this incident so I just glared at him while he shuffled away.
3	My husband and I were here from March 11th through March 18th for vacation and were staying at the Golden Gate, which opens out onto the far corner of FSE, so it was pretty much impossible to miss.  If you like to party, if you love crowds and loud noises, if you adore people-watching, this is your spot to be in.  Forget the Strip - it's plastic and not at all representative of the old-school style Las Vegas.  This is raw, real, live action right in front of your face.  Some of the old classics here such as Binion's, the "Vegas Vic" sign, it's all here at FSE.  They still do the light and sound show every hour on the hour once it turns dark, and while it's semi-interesting, it's not something that'll hold your attention maybe more than once or twice.  There are definitely people hanging around here that you want to steer clear of.  Lots of homeless in this area, cadging from the tourists (which, when you think about it, is a pretty smart move, as they know where the money is).  This is NOT an area that you want to get drunk and lose control in, though people do exactly that here.  There are also many folk that would be pretty at-home in a "People of Walmart" shoot - think guys wearing a little less than Speedo suits.  NOT a family-friendly atmosphere by any means.Watch out for the constant barrage of people offering you show tickets, drinks, etc.  As someone else stated, VERY pugnacious and refuse to give up.  My trick was to tell them, "I'm leaving tonight", even though it was only my second day.  How are they going to argue with that?  Barring that, just walk away - there's too many other marks for them to chase down to bother with you.Don't let all of this worry you, though.  There is a LOT of security around, especially in front of the casinos.  LV police are also pretty on point with crowd control and hauling the troublemakers downtown. I'm only giving it three stars because I just don't like crowds or very loud places or having to scream to be heard.  Otherwise, I'd probably have enjoyed myself a lot more, as this place does have its charm.  I wouldn't recommend taking the kids here, however - this is a place for singles, or young married couples, I think.  We'd come again, but probably during the day when it's a little quieter.
2	Just gross.Go to experience some epic people watching, maybe stick around for the light show, and then go immediately back to the strip. Talk about a hot mess. Second-rate go-go dancers, dirty smokey casinos, and cracked out bums are abundant. People trying to sell you crap at every turn. No decent places to eat or shop. The only plus might be if you are a gambler, you might find a better deal than on the strip.I can't believe people brought their kids here, seriously. I checked seeing old Vegas off of my list, and now I don't ever have to go back...THANK GOD.
4	I don't understand why people write that this part of town is sketchy. It didn't seem sketchy to me. I went with a couple locals, and they said that parts of Fremont street have the bars where locals hang out. We walked by some of them, and I agreed - they look nice! Loved the kids park behind the preying mantis sculpture that shoots fire. The giant video screen over the Experience was impressive in a cheesy 80s music way. The street performers were really entertaining. It was worth leaving the strip to go to this.
4	Must-see if you visit vegas. Honestly, I prefer the FSE over the main strip. It feels flashier, louder, and the casinos are smaller and comfier.Nice selection of bars along the FSE strip for all the drinks you want. Prices are a lot more reasonable than the main strip as well.I recommend going.
4	I absolutely love the Fremont Street Experience and have been frequenting it since 2007. Great entertainment, food, drinks, light shows. Fun for all ages. I take my children often and they have a blast every time.
3	Located between Binions and the Golden Nugget on four blocks of downtown Las Vegas is one of best marketing efforts this part of town has enjoyed in decades ... the Fremont Street Experience.Fremont Street is covered in a long canopy called Viva Vision with 12 million lights and 550,000 watts of sound entertaining tourists with short free light and music shows every evening on the hour.Current Schedule (Changes regularly)  7:00 pm: American Freedom 2 (Fri/Sat. only)  8:00 pm: Heart - Crazy on Vegas  9:00 pm: Bon Jovi - Wanted in Vegas10:00 pm: The Who - Miles over Vegas11:00 pm: The Doors - Strange Days12:00 am: JVH - Signs of Life  1:00 am: A Tribute to Queen (Fri/Sat. only)Along Fremont Street, you'll find 10 classic (old) casinos with dozens of restaurants and lots of cheap gambling opportunities compared to most casinos on the Las Vegas Strip. This historic street is where gaming began in Nevada in 1931 besides being the first paved street in the city or first street with a traffic light.The Fremont Street Experience began in 1995 with the closure of the street to form a 7-block outdoor mall. It was obviously enhanced with Viva Vision 10 years ago.  What's next? Who knows .. a holographic Elvis, Michael Jackson, and Frank Sinatra trio?When you bore of the fun options on the LV Strip, simply want to enjoy some free entertainment, or need to find a casino with lower minimum tables and slot machines, then Fremont Street Experience is waiting in historic downtown Las Vegas, Nevada.
5	I didn't know what to expect going down there. I have read several books about this place, and had to check it off my list. It is a very surreal place, like going back in time. I expected to see Raoul Duke and his attorney around every smokey corner. This was way past what I expected, a harsh reality of what vegas really is.
4	Not the greatest show ever but something everyone should do. We had lots of fun listening to the live bands, getting drinks at the outside bars and most of all watching all the people and characters that are dressed up and walking around the street. We saw lots of funny and unique costumes including a group of topless nuns willing and ready to take a picture with you. The new zip line looks like it's going to be awesome. There are nice restaurants opening just off Fremont street and some really nice restaurants at the golden nugget hotel and casino.
4	Now this is Vegas!! I just walked up and down and ate dinner at a restaraunt but the street shows and all the lights are awesome sauce! I think it is something everyone has to go see when they visit!
4	The Fremont Street Experience is what old Vegas is all about.You can't come to Vegas and NOT at least stop by.It is nowhere as long as the strip, you can walk it in less than half an hour.Old Casinos, street performers, a zip line above your head, stuff to see and do left and right.It's cheaper than on the strip, they still have penny slots, I come here every time I go to Vegas with someone who hasn't been here before.
5	Great time! Way better then the strip! Great place to people watch! The slots here pay out way more then the strip. My fave was the ferris buller one. Good shops..& lots of "characters" walking around to take pics with you, we saw everyone from batman to big bird lol
4	I have been putting off writing this review because I couldn't come to terms with the fact that my awesome Vegas vacation had ended, so I kept this one hanging! Well I gotta accept it, and Old Vegas is not to be missed! The laser show is pretty fun to see.... So are all of the street performers and entertaining drunk people. The coolest (and maybe saddest) street performer was the 5 year old who did an entire impressive Michael Jackson routine. The drinks are strong and the casinos are fun to see! The cab ride from the strip will be about $20 each way but it's worth it!
4	We always love visiting Fremont Street. This trip was just as good. Lots of street performers and Arena entertainment were incredible. Performed 80s rock at the stage by the golden gate casino.
4	Everyone told us to visit Freemont Street while in Vegas and you sure get a EYEFULL of live entertainment! It's fun for ADULTS not a place to bring children REALLY WHY WOULD YOU BRING KIDS AFTER DARK TO VEGAS ANYWHERE REALLY? Anyways had a lot of fun here!
2	What has happened to Fremont Street? It used to be so much fun. This time, me and my friend couldn't walk a block without being harassed by someone for a variety of reasons. And the level of "entertainment" with the street performers was just bizarre. I didn't want to look at the bare asses of strange grown men wearing strange outfits acting strangely. What happened to the really good Elvis impersonators and the pretty showgirls? What's with Sponge Bob and the Minions that catcall female passersby? What's with the near-naked "angels" with painted decals on their buttocks (and a man standing close by watching their every move...is that a "pimp"?)? Everything just looks run down and sad now. But a sight to see nonetheless. A must see is the old rasta man that plays the best steel drum I've ever heard...he's further down near Hennessy's Bar...check him out. Oh....and Hennessy's made one of the best bloody mary's I ever had. The cover bands are cheesy good fun and you gotta love the sax player on top of the car playing good old 80s standards. I guess it wasn't all bad after all.
5	The Fremont Street Experience is what you'd expect Las Vegas to be - just on a much more walkable, enjoyable and less pretentious way than on The Strip.  It's old school, like Bourbon Street on steroids where instead of strip joints, you've got classic old-school casinos filled with real Nevada residents and keep-it-real patrons. The vibe was loose - no blazers, neckties, leather shoes, dresses or high-heels. The parking garages were old, drinks were cheap, the music was loud, the slots were loose, the roulette table not so forgiving! Get me? It's great! This is a come-as-you-are party and it's a refreshing change of pace from the opulence of The Strip. Cut loose and enjoy.
5	Fremont street was a GREAT experience. Deep fried Oreos are the bomb. And the zip line was soooooo much fun!
3	UNIQUE experience. I want to say it's fun for kids but there are some stuff kids should not be seeing present! The scent of weed also appears every now and then. 99 cent margaritas at all casino bars in the area.Every hour at night, the lights go dim and the Viva Vision which encompasses the surrounding area, plays music for around 5 minutes. You'll see random people dancing here and there! There is also 2-3 different "stages" area for music. Last weekend, one stage was playing jazz and the other had house/EDM music. It was like a free rave experience but for older folks. Weird sight but hey, they need to have fun too?!Not sure where to park exactly since we walked from our hotel at the Grand.
2	This review is if you come here during the day. We parked at a nearby lot and the first hour was free so since this place is pretty boring, we were in and out within that hour. I remember coming here when I was younger and I saw the light show and thought it was cool. I came here during the day and this is a tourist trap. It has no legit restaurants and the casinos are ghetto and not strip status. You will also notice that the crowd tends to be different than what you see on the strip. This is more for chill hill billy type folks and the pace is a lot slower here. You will see tourist shops and street performers but nothing you havent seen before. This is a drive from the strip so if you have a car, go ahead and come here. If you dont, it is not worth the taxi money. I will not be returning and I just wish I had seen the light on the ceiling.**TIPS**1) Do not come here during the day. It is quite boring with nothing to do. Go at night when you can see the light ceiling.
4	This place made me laugh so hard. This is a tourist trap if there ever was one. But I really loved all the over the top old school cheesy Vegas feel that it has. There were tons of weirdos available for a small fee for photo ops. I saw fat man brides, Chipndale dancers, show girls/guys, street performers, playboy bunnies, Michael Jackson and a lot of homeless people begging for money. The light show over head was cool and they have a few stages with performers playing live music. Tons of trashy interesting people make a great evening of people watching. This is a must see in the down town area.
4	This is a people watching mecca.  There are things that I've seen here that cannot adequately be described with mere words.  You have to be here to believe your eyes.I'll take Downtown Vegas over the Strip any day of the week.  I don't mind the seediness, the people dressed in dirty Muppet costumes or the meth heads pan handling for change.  It's all part of the experience, baby.There was a band playing on the weekend we were here (April 25) who did a lot of AC/DC and Led Zeppelin covers.  They were really quite good.  The lead singer has a great voice and I couldn't tear myself away.  I understand why they don't have seating (better to keep the gamblers spending money in the casinos), but it sure would have been nice to pop a squat.
4	You need a very high tolerance for panhandlers, buskers, nudity, and crowds to enjoy Fremont Street. I got a huge kick out of getting my sixteen year old nephew's picture taken with a couple of cute "showgirls" and having my brother arrested by two sexy "cops". On the flip side, it *is* distressing to see young children dancing to support their parents and to see addicts pass out and fall off their levitation illusion contraption.  The overhead light show is a technological marvel and everywhere you look there's something to see. On the whole, Fremont Street is loud, colorful, wild, and completely overstimulating, but everyone should experience it once.
5	WHY would you go to Vegas and not see the BEST SHOW IN TOWN?
3	This was my first visit to the Fremont Street Experience and it was fun, simply for the people watching. I'm not really a drinker myself but I enjoy watching people after they've been drinking for a few hours! If you don't like crowds or lots of noise, this isn't the place for you. As you walk around, you will also encounter showgirls, cowboys, nuns with their boobs out, and all sorts of other weird things. I was surprised that I saw parents with their younger children walking around. The overhead LED panel that was displaying an aquarium scene was really cool. You can also hipline down the middle of Fremont Street if you are interested. Definitely a fun and happening place. Lots of police around so always felt safe.
3	I go to vegas twice a year and have never been to this area. So finally on my recent trip, my friends convinced me to give it a try. The feeling I got when we arrived there was more like of a fair. The electric light show overhead was totally awesome. They were playing Bon Jovi the entire time and I loved it. They also have stage for live bands. Lots of souveiner stores also. Their quality of course is not as great as the ones at the strip hotel's gift shops, but if you're looking for some simple stuff like key chains, this is the place to buy them. Its 3-4x cheaper. Speaking of cheaper, my friends told me about their cheap drinks, though I didn't get to try it for myself. Oh yeah, they have zipline as well.This place is not as extravagant as the strip but it's worth visiting once for a change of scenery.
5	If you are looking for a classy, swanky Las Vegas experience. . . you are in the wrong place.  haha.Fremont Street is so amazing.  There are so many weird shenanigans going on there and rough looking people.  They always have live concerts going on and events.  The ziplines I have yet to try, but will soon.  The overhead screen is really something to behold.  The overhead screen itself is worth making the trip for.  I go to Chinese New Year every year on Fremont Street and they have the most amazing overhead projection and music.  Its beautiful.  The street performers are super weird but are so interesting and I should note that if they make you stop and look, you owe them a dollar.There is a lot of re-vamping going on down there these days, but what I like most about it is the old Las Vegas feel.  I know this sounds weird, but being in the older casinos is kind of kick because you feel like you are back in time.  I love the nostalgia of it all.While you are down there you should definitely take a minute to check out the fish aquarium in the Golden Nugget.  It has a waterslide from the pool that goes right through it.I also recommend the italian restaurant right next to the aquarium.  I have eaten there several times and the food is good.
4	Every trip to Las Vegas should include a night down on Fremont Street.  I've been going to Las Vegas for many years and the regular strip gets a tad boring night after night and this changes things up a bit!  I wish I spent more time here last week while I was out there because the place has a ton of energy, cheaper drinks, entertainment, ziplining, etc.  Not to mention the gambling - $5 blackjack tables, $5 roulette and some of the slot machines are old school with coins instead of the payout tickets.Save your souvenir shopping for this area - t-shirts are way cheaper, also things like shot glasses, key chains, etc.  This is also a place to really stock up on things like bottled water, drinks, and snacks for your hotel as they're cheaper here as well.  I like to just get a big can of beer from a convenient store and drink that as I walk this area but there are all kinds of drink and food deals in these hotels.One thing I should mention though is take a cab here...although nothing happened last year when we rented a car, I felt a little uneasy walking back to the parking garage,etc.  Once things start to die down around there at the end of the night, the freaks come out so to speak...Use common sense when wandering this area - the crowd is way different in these parts, not to mention the area outside Fremont not being the most safe.If you dare, head to the Fremont East area...it has a Hollywood Blvd feel to it...I grew up in Chicago so this type of scene isn't new to me, though it may be to some.
5	The Fremont Street Experience was so fun!!   You have to go at night though to get the full effect.   We enjoyed it more than the strip, it's old school Vegas.  They have several stages set up with live music and  a really cute Showgirl show called the Summer Hotties.  The Blackjacks were really good, 80s and 90s music.  Just lots of fun, felt very safe.  Yes there were some sketchy people, but they were few in numbers and we saw the same on the strip and in greater numbers.  I don't understand why anyone would bring kids to Vegas, you know going in what Vegas is famous for, so....  Parking is easy, we parked at the Four Queens, you can self validate inside for three free hours of parking, small charge after that.  Fremont is definitely worth a visit!
1	If you want to feel good about yourself, go here.Suddenly, all your problems will be minuscule after seeing the ....humans...that hang around Fremont Street. It's an experience all right.A dirty, touristy, strip of sadness that has the constant aroma of marijuana lingering in the air. You'll probably see bums. You'll probably see boobs. A few guts hanging over light washed jeans, a guy dressed up as a blunt, some people passed out on the ground here and there, a meth head making out with a prostitute, etc etc. I mean I guess it's totally great if you like watching the world go to shit right in front of your eyes.
3	compare to the glitz and glamour of the strip, fremont street just pales in comparison, its like this, if you're a tourist, you go play on the strip, if you're a local, you go play at fremont streetthere's naked fat male bunnies and sexy female cops who will cuff you up, oh also a male succbus devil lurking around in the day time...the golden nugget is here, probably the only place that has a decent arcade...omg, they have Initial D 3rd stage, two DDR machines....booo its supernova...now time to get your dance dance on while drifting on Irothey also have a mini-fair games...the ring toss is impossible, it's a lie!!! It's a body of lies
1	The Fremont Freak Show--trailer park/redneck entertainment at its finest.It's really sad that downtown has improved sooooo much with dining and bars but yet they still let the freaks and other bad elements in-every step someone asking you for money-every other step someone yelling at you because you won't give them money. Meth/crack heads ready to stab you at any moment.Maybe most of the tourists enjoy it because they can't afford to go on the strip for real entertainment. I've personally gone to container park and the new restaurants/bars which are beyond fabulous-MTO cafe (but saw a drug bust happening outside while we were eating), eat, container park, The griffin, the cocktail room--------but I've had it with all those so called entertainers. I can't take it anymore .Guess I will be hanging on the strip from now on if they can't clean up the rif raffFor Gods sake-someone tried to rob my Dad at fremont. Casino-where were the security???!!!!!!!!Contain these people Fremont street experience-put all the 'entertainers' in one area or on the side streets. They're not making all your renovations look very appealing!!'!!!!!!!Won't ever return until this problem is fixed--and I so dearly want to return to all the wonderful places that have opened. Such potential with what's there-but the potential will never be successful until you remove those people!!!!!One other mention-WHY do parents bringing their children to this insanity? WTH! Have you no moral sense or any regard for your child's welfare??!!
5	If you go to Vegas you must make this part of your destination! The light/music show in the middle of Fremont is soo cool! Cheap souvenirs!  Many food places and things to do. We hit the Mob museum and then made are way to Fremont! Don't pass this it up!
5	Free! You can't beat free! I can't believe any Yelper would rate this less than four-stars. Shame on you! What Yelper can say no to free? It's like a 24-hour Yelp Event on steroids! So, for the summer months, they have a line up of concerts called Rock of Vegas, which are 100%.... you guessed it... free! You can check the 2014 line up herehttp://www.jrn.com/ktnv/positively-lv/Popular-summer-concert-series-kicks-off-this-weekend-on-Fremont-Street-259105181.htmlI went last Saturday, Karmin was playing. It was a nice set up, the outdoor stage was right next to Binion's, across from the Golden Nugget. I arrived 15 mins early and it wasn't crowded at all, I could've elbowed my way to the front if I wanted to. By the time they were 30 mins into their set, it started get crowded, and hot, and sweaty... so it does get packed. But not as bad as I thought, I still could see and hear them through the sea of fanny packs and camera phones. Added bonus, you can watch them on the electronic canopy, so you don't have to be in the stage area to see them, you can be walking around. Karmin? Big whoop, you say? Well, I'm not into blond, female rappers myself... but next week they have 3 Doors Down. OMG... reminds me of my angst-filled twenties, get my Zoloft ready. Then the week after they have Soul Asylum, Eve 6 and... Deep Purple. WTH? Did I mention it's free? It's not Britney, but hey, that's a pretty good lineup for a completely free event. Parking is a pain, what used to be free parking at Main Station is now $5 for the night. I don't think it's too bad, but I'm spoiled by Las Vegas and free parking. I'm sure if you look around, there's free parking somewhere. Whatever I lost in parking, I easily made up for in cheap booze, a vodka and cranberry cost me $4, a bottle of beer was $3. A very economical night, wouldn't you say? **Overall, I highly recommend Fremont Street, especially during their free summer concert series. And if concerts aren't your thing, you can be easily amused by all the colorful characters, cheap booze and gambling that abound.**
5	This place rocks my socks! Very chill, more classic real Vegas vibe. A lot of locals venture here. There's music, casinos, light show and more. Definitely a lively hang out. Get loose, grab some drinks and enjoy! Btw free parking at Queens Casino (;
1	"Mama, when I grow up I wanna be ratchet."This is old Vegas. Other than the light show and zipline, there isn't much to do here, unless you like dingy casinos, mediocre food, and street performers who stand around not doing a damn thing. I've seen butt cheeks before, and you Miss need to do squats.
4	Great laid-back, casual place to be where you don't have to worry about the headaches of the strip. Best of all, everything is reasonably priced...
3	Here is the "old Vegas" experience .Dirty, smokey, and the smut of the earth (not in a good way). My friend insisted that Fremont Street was so much better than The Strip. I dunno. Neither places are exactly where I would want to take my kids for a stroll, but there was something particularly carnival-like and scary about Fremont Street. Sometimes there are free concerts there. That's cool. I might go back for that. The giant canopy / overhead screen is pretty dang awesome and is something to behold. Other than that, I am not craving another visit. I think that everyone should give it a visit. Quite a few people like it. I didn't.
4	Fremont Street Experience is what Sin City is all about! It's loud, bright, and sinful! This place comes alive at night. The Viva Vision is an arch ceiling that shows music videos. What makes it special? It's operated by 12.5 million lights and 550,00 watts. Every hour, it shows music video. The crowd tend to gaze up and dance to the loud music.  Fremont Street Experience covers only two blocks, but it has a lot of attractions. There are a lot of street performers. From Michael Jackson to a light strip tease, this place is hot! It's just impossible to leave this place without awe!
5	Freemont street experience is awesome, I totally liked it. This is where it all started before all the hype they have in Vegas. Downtown Vegas was the beginning of the craziness and it's still a nice place to visit, drink, and gamble! A little bit more old school with some stuff and the crowd is a bit more of old people as well. A lot of locals come to this area. Downtown Vegas also reminds me of Hollywood, you got people in the middle putting on side shows, people dressed up as celebrities for pictures and street kids putting on a dance show. What I like best was the zip lining! It's a must if your visit this area!
4	Been coming for years and the changes in the recent 3 years have brought on really nice changes.  It's in a the midst of a face lift. Excited to see what this place will be like 5 years from now.  It's cleaned up. They've brought the green friendly element into the area.  Installed more things for tourists to enjoy like the Zipline over the Freemont Experience walkway. Some of the hotels have updated and remodeled. They have food trucks during holidays and special occasions.  Added a few more stages for performers and Dj's.
5	As most locals will tell you this is the place to go. I personally prefer Fremont Street over the strip. Many interesting people dressed as "characters", cheap drinks, and inexpensive food will definitely help stretch your entertainment dollar. Of course going in the evening will allow you to see the numerous music performances on the giant screen covering the entire street!During the summer you will always find live music and if it gets too hot you can duck inside for some cheap gambling!If you're new to the area or visiting and you want your picture taken with the numerous "characters" you find downtown or on the strip be sure to give them a buck or two... That's how they're making a living.
5	I'm a huge researcher and almost didn't go due to the bad reviews but I'm glad I went to see for myself! This is the experience I was expecting out of vegas! Bright lights, flashing signs, crazy flamboyant street walkers and side shows, people everywhere!  Yes I agree this is no place for children but in my opinion Vegas isn't for children anyway :/ take your kids to the lake or SeaWorld or 6 flags or disneyland!
5	Fun for the whole family! Well, to each his own... amirite? My boyfriend and I arrived at the wee hours of the morning (2:30 am - 4 am) on a Saturday/Sunday and the place was still bustling and surprisingly lively. There were an array of people ranging from tourists, locals, young, mature, couples, groups of friends, peeps riding solo, wild and loud (and even sketchy), down to the people watching types like ourselves. We even saw a bunch of youngins (ages baby - 5) with their parentals - it's freakin 3am! But it looked like everyone was having good ol wholesome fun watching the street performers sing and dance. We were both very entertained by the free flow street performer group that sang that night. There was a huge crowd of people circled around them. They did a great job energizing the crowd and getting people to dance. We enjoyed waking the street lined with shops, bars, restaurants, bright neon blinking lights and classic casinos. Overhead, I couldn't help but stare at the zip liners flying by (drunk and screaming). I'll admit, I waited until the next group flew by so that I could get a good snap shot of them and share with my friends on instagram. Seeing them dangle drunk and lifeless at the end is pure entertainment.We were completely magnetized and immersed in the whole old town Vegas vibe. The history of the casinos pulsed through our bodies as we walked into each one and explored. The deep culture of the city here is ecclectic and exuberant. Not to mention, we both felt that they did a good job maintaining the casinos and keeping them clean. In regards to safety, we saw many groups of police and casino security everywhere (on bikes and on foot). We even saw a group of friends break out into a fist fight with each other, but that didn't last too long - It was rather comical. Other than that, the people there were friendly and having a great time, making our night there a unique and fun night to remember!I would definitely recommend coming here at least once in your life, if you have never been and see it for yourself. Definitely worth seeing old town Vegas in all of its new town glory.
3	A must see attraction while visiting las Vegas they have live bands and a light show over the crowds.  Also theres a zip line which is only 20 bucks.  300 lb weight limit.  Deducted a star for overall cleanliness and another star for the various street performers and pan handlers there.  One guy was jist standimg there in a thong,  I mean the guy musta been 50.  I wonder if anyone took a pic of that.
4	Had a great time and there are several places to grab a cold beer -$2.50 for a 16 oz can. Plenty of casinos and food in the old area and with 3 stages and zip lines there is plenty to do. A little cooler under the canopy too!
1	The Fremont Street Experience has turned into a dump of nothing more then street beggars, drunks, homeless and thieves.  Not children friendly at all as it is very dirty with a host of inappropriate street performers.  There are so many other places to spend your money!I will never go there again.
5	Fremont Street is awesome! So much going on in one area! There was music performance each day I was there (3 visits). So many street performers. Man in a bikini, "nuns" with their boobs out, hip hop dance cruise, etc. There's also the zipline! And the famous light show on the ceiling. Seriously, your Vegas trip is not complete without a stop here.Don't forget to stop by Binion Casino to get your picture taken with $1,000,000. Free and barely any line! Takes 10 minutes to get the picture even though they say 30 minutes.
3	I've experienced this twice now and this recent time wasn't that great. The first time everything seemed to come to a stand still and everyone enjoyed the show. This last time I don't even think all the lights turned down like they did before. Hardly anyone seemed to realize the show was even happening.  Not as neat as I remember.
4	Most people I'm sure like this place. Some I'm sure hate it. Not for kids at night anyway. I had great time. Very interesting place. Like Hollywood and Vine on steroids. Some things some would call inappropriate, gross and distasteful but I knew what to expect and had a great time.
4	The Fremont Street area has drastically changed in just the last 2 years since me and my husband's first visit. At that time it was super cool, still under construction, had the zipline which we rode (but nothing compared to the now SlotZilla setup), covered light shows, live music, street performers, cheap buffets, and great odd casinos. It was a true feel of old Vegas and we both decided the next time we visited LV we would stay at the Golden Nugget and take a cab to The Strip if we wanted to see a show or something (didn't happen). Anyway, Fremont is still all that...and more...getting borderline Disney now. :(  Packed on a week night at midnight...I guess people finally got word. Changes: At least three new casinos; another remodel to the Nugget - this one so vast the interior was almost unrecognizable; more chotsky-type tourist shops; tons more people; a few bucks extra for a beer on the street; and a lot more security.I am hesitant to say anything really great about it because I don't want it to continue to grow to the point where it's no longer "cool." So, the Fremont Street Experience sucks. So NOT worth the $25 cab ride. Just better off staying on The Strip. More to do and much more fun. Really, trust me...I always tell the truth. [OMgosh, is my nose actually growing?!]
4	This is great place to go with your friends and drink and have fun. whether we are just walking around drinking our own cheap beer on the street or to go to insert coins to get drunk and kick some ass at video games, this is an awesome time.
5	I love going here its something for everyone. I love going to have to live band and people watch!
4	During our recent visit to Las Vegas, we stayed at the Golden Nugget so we were able to relive the Fremont Street Experience every day and night. Under the light canopy, there's a lot of fun things to see and do. You can "fly" above the crowd of tourists with the SlotZilla Zip Line, watch and take pictures with street performers, listen to live music, people watch, shop at specialty kiosks, and of course, gamble and get free or cheap drinks at the casinos. At night, there's also the infamous hourly light show. Definitely a great place to visit in Vegas.
2	I thought the strip was strange, but this place was overwhelming. There are some good highlights like the zipline and the stage performances and the ceiling vision show, but that's pretty much it. There are so much going on at the same time and it's too much to processed and we saw too many boobs and butt cheeks within the hour we were here. There were too much smoke from the casinos and I was literally gasping for clean air. Since I experienced the majority of this place, I'm done. Never again. The strip was so much more fun and chill and "normal".
5	The zip line is a MUST do! The light show is outstanding. Women walking around with their boobs out and half naked girls dance on top of tables. Wants not to like at this place! lol Overall fun place to visit. Not so much for the little ones.
5	Fremont Street is my favorite part of Vegas.  We always stay at the Golden Nugget.  Love how everything is right outside the hotel!  Street performers, lights, drinks, music, and gambling!  :)  The most fun!!!
4	I love the downtown old school feel here.  Perfect to get away from the glitz and glamour of the strip.  It's laid back. Many free shows by people just trying to make a living... You'll see many peculiar people lol seem to have more luck gambling in downtown rather than  the strip for sure.  What sucks about downtown  is no real free parking.  They make validating a ticket complicated.
5	Great place to drink. People watch. And be thankful of your life. Get drinks at the ABC store (way cheaper than the bars) and walk around or enjoy the live entertainment around.
4	I at first thought they were crazy with the enforcement of the no open container law on the Experience but now after getting a better understanding it makes total sense. I agree that it will help clean up downtown. We like hanging out downtown on the Experience. It's one of the best places in the world to people watch. Everyone should always feel safe, especially in a tourist area and that feeling was starting to escape down there. They had to try something before it was too late.Now if you would like to purchase a frosty brew or reasonably priced mixed drink there are a few spots you need to know about...California Casino bars- $2 Stella's, $3 Jose 1800 SilverFremont Casino bars - $1 house margarita or pina colada, $2 Heineken or Corona's, $3 Redbull VodkaMermaids - super fast, really nice drink servers
3	Our cousin from HK came so we decided to go to this place because we hear it was really different from the Vegas Strip as we have never been here before either. So we decided to check this place out. I thought it was a pretty cool and interesting experience because Fremont and the Strip are two totally different places. It's kinda nice that you get to see how it was like back then with the crazy lights flashing "CASINO" before a hotel. There are a lot of street work in this place and a lot of people wondering around with many pop up stores. You would see a lot of band, singers, and artists in the middle of the street just doing their thing and a lot of performers just performing magics and such. It's a really lively place. I think it's one of those places where you should experience once because it's different.
3	My hotel was located on Fremont Street, so I gave it a shot. It's just what you would expect: loud music, large crowds, and flashy light. It was impressive for the first ten minutes, but it got old and redundant really fast. I suppose it would have been more fun drunk, which is easier said than done because the alcohol was so expensive. This was relatively dissapointing in comparison to the Vegas strip experience.
4	"Heart Attack Grill!!"This is where the heart attack grill burger place is located along with all of teh other old style vegas hotels and very cheap gambaling! You have to try out the zip line while you are here as well! Always better to visit at night
3	We had a good time!
4	I went on a Saturday night and despite the fact that it was kinda busy I still enjoyed myself - something I feel is rare in Vegas. The free concert series was fun and I enjoyed how all the different bar tenders got into the music and had fun with it. The spray paint art was amazing, and the few street performers were fun to watch. I wish there had been more little food and drink vendors, rather than the vast amount of bars and the Walgreens at the very end. I know downtown is still in the process of being revitalized, which is why I did not give it the fifth star.
2	I'd give this a pass during the day. No doubt at night the covered walkway is impressive. But during the day it just seems run down.
4	Definitely not my average scenery when I visit Vegas. I'm so used to the "strip" with all the fancy bougie hotels. My trip, this time was so different and I'm so glad it was. We visited Fremont street after dinner to see what all the craziness was all about. It's like a huge live carnival-ish, circus-ish, rave-ish place. Loud music, wierdos, fun people and scary people. You will see all sorts of people. Besides the few creepers, everyone was pretty nice. We walked around for 30-45 minutes before we hit up the casinos. We enjoyed our time here. It's definitely a place to visit one time  you visit Vegas. After 20+ yrs, this was my first time.
5	Loved it and the light show. This was my first time and it won't be my last. Fun dancing , characters dressed up, street performers and the famous light show were fun!!!!! My kids are teens so they thoroughly enjoyed themselves! I highly recommend visiting this area especially if you've never been.
1	Took our son and daughter-in-law down last Wednesday night. They were visiting from Denver as they do every year. What is the deal with plastic cups to pour beer into?? We have always drank aluminum bottles and cans. You can have naked ladys and guys displaying their junk for kids to see but can't carry a aluminum can or bottle !!! Went to Container Park for food, no kids after 9 ?? Way to sell out DTLV....
3	I have been to the Fremont Street Experience twice and it's so-so. I think Freemont Street is something everyone should see at least once. It's one of those places that is really cool right when you get there and see the canopy light show, but after one walk down the street it loses a lot of excitement.  The crowd is definitely much more interesting than the strip, to say the least. So if you like people watching it is great for that and they do have outdoor concerts which is cool. It's definitely worth the trip to check it out for 30 minutes but other than that doesn't keep me interested very long.
2	If you are looking for a tourist trap, this is it.  This is the old Vegas where paddlers and old folks hang out.  There are a couple of really ill equipped and unfriendly street bars here, so if you want to walk and get drunk with Elvis impersonator then go right ahead.
5	Work a visit, at night! Lots of fun! Happen to stumble in during first Friday, it was really crowded, no kids on first fridays, old coin slots and staff was actually super nice, until the strip where there's aggressive sales people everywhere.
3	Less rowdier than the strip but at the same time, it was rowdy enough. There were concerts setup and that was entertaining as we walked pass. Girls dancing on bars? yep. They played a show or concert on the LED screens on top and everyone literally just stopped and watched. I didn't get to do the zip line this time but I will next. Overall, it's just a good hangout spot if you are in the area.
5	best people watching in my life ever!
5	Old Vegas is definably something to check out while you are in Vegas. Fremont street is a great time on a Friday or Saturday night and you can find great drink specials inside the casinos. The Golden Nugget has the best breakfast buffet in all of Vegas, in my opinion. There are also free concerts held here as well. They had POD, Lit and Papa Roach perform on July 4th. It was awesome.
4	Amazing night!! Live music, tons of great drinks/food. I got matching bracelet at "name in rice" the Asian looking guy there was so nice and pleasant to talk to though it was hard to hear through the loud music. Fried fair food for cheap!! Fried twinkles for 99 cents. Can't get better than that (; also, they have tons of little shops for souvenirs to take home. One of the performers " visual art " they are spray paint painters does amazing!!!! Scenery pieces. I'm definitely going to go back and buy one tonight!
3	I suppose this is what people go to Vegas for. It's an interesting concept...sort of like a midway for adults...lots of gift stores (no need to mention that they are tacky...that's a given)...places to buy alcohol...and walk under a covered street with lights and loud music. It's crowded, but all in all, it helps set the experience.
4	Too much fun..although I had my young kids with me.it was fun .took a pic with drunk santa..going back for sure with the kiddos..lots of drunk people
4	It's a nice stroll downtown to walk from the Plaza all the way down to Freemont East.  Its like taking a trip back to classic Vegas.  With all the lights, music, and night life, this small version of the strip gets crowded on the weekends and there are free concerts and entertainment all within a few blocks.  The drinks, food, and hotels are within reasonable price here compared to the strip on Las Vegas Boulevard.
2	Came here on a Friday night about 11 i was highly disappointed. Hence the 2 stars who should be more for the bartenders since they give you a show! Since you cant take your own drinks! Local say this changed about 3 months ago. I thought it would be a lot bigger, if your familiar with Venice beach jn cali then pretty much this is it super drunk ppl you can tell most of the also on drugs, around every corner was someone looking for a fight, saw 2 passed out ppl one who most definitely will remember vegas since from the looks of it broke his nose and slit open his forehead. Just definitely not what i expected at all for the price we paid to get there from the strip either. Also everyone who "works" on it is in a thong or titties out! Looked like a freak show out there! Either way yes it was a experience most likely ill never forget, but i also wouldn't go back!
4	This is an iconic visit in Vegas. There was street/lot parking nearby within walking distance. You get to see the casinos of the "Old Vegas" which is really cool. There are lots of celebrity impersonators, some of which looked like the real thing! Music plays live at two different stages. The lights are all so amazing and the ceiling is filled with visual light art. We came here with our family just to check it out. Granted-- you need to be comfortable with all types of things. There are several almost nude people walking around, and unless you are ok with that, you may be a bit shocked--but then again--you are in Las Vegas. Must see.
4	Venue:  Fremont Street ExperienceDecor: TouristyService: Depends on the Establishment & Vendors...will varyEnvironment: FunFood: Multiple options Prices:  Inexpensive Debbie Downers:  Pay for Parking Conclusion: Cool place to go in and out on foot without vehicular traffic.  It is an American staple.  Similar to Bourbon Street, similar to Beale St....the Fremont Street Experience is a different world outside of the Strip to go in and out of different venues without walking a whole lot.  You will see a lot of characters but in all ...a good time and something to do while visiting from out of town. Overall: B
3	This is cool to experience but not worth the hassle to get down here on a weekend evening. It's so busy and full of crazy people, and the light show is super low resolution and just meh. It's an interesting display, but the content of the light show is boring and the shows in the street are seriously lame. The dancing "hotties" aren't into it - I dance harder in my Zumba class and I have a bad hip.
5	This saved our Vegas trip.  We got there around 7 pm on a Friday night.  Lots of really good free entertainment.   1 dollar margaritas and cheap food.  We had steak and lobster for 12 dollars.  We will be staying here next time we come to Vegas.  Also not one person trying to sell us a time share.
5	I love Fremont  Street!! I can't come to Vegas without coming here. It's like a different world compared to The Strip, it does get crowded but nothing like the strip and not as touristy and rowdy. It's my favorite place to gamble because I usually win and my money lasts longer, I can play the same money on the same slot machine for HOURS.This is the "Original Vegas" and you would have to be crazy not to come here and it's also known as the coveted street. At night they usually have a light show that happens periodically throughout the night. Aside from gambling and the light show  there are other interesting places here such as Slotzilla which is the biggest slot machine and it's also a zip liner, the infamous Heart Attack Grill which has been featured on the food network among lots of various entertainment.They usually have music playing, bands, and people doing other entertainment. When night falls it does get interesting and some people let it all hang out literally lol. This is the place to go for good gambling, cheap food, entertainment and a break from the strip.
2	I'm just not a fan of Fremont Street.  As much as it is trying to be revived, and people love it, I feel as though it is just dirty.  Fremont street is not my personal cup of tea, and I think I'll pass.  I won't bash it because I know some people love it.  I'll just say that it is not for me.  It just does not feel comfortable to me.
5	I've worked in IT for 20 years, am a lifelong tech geek, and a Trekkie.  It takes A LOT to impress me when it comes to technology.  So when I saw my first light and music show on the canopy I got the chills and misty-eyed!  It's really freaking amazing.  We are going to Las Vegas again this weekend and specifically staying on Fremont Street just for this experience!  Fremont Street used to be the "old, dirty, gritty Vegas" but isn't anymore.  It's a huge tourist attraction where you can walk around, take pictures with people in wild costumes, drink crazy drinks, and watch live bands play.  There are tons of stores, restaurants, and casinos that you can spend hours going in and out of.  While I love the strip and think the resorts there are beautiful, they are just too big for me.  The hotels on Fremont are old, classic places and are smaller and much easier to navigate.  Plus you can walk on Fremont Street comfortably....unlike the Strip!
2	Disgusting. I don't like it. A lot of crazy people, very dirty. Homeless people. We took bus here, it took more than 1 hour because of traffic. The big screen was nothing special.
3	I haven't been back here in a few years simply because this place is the opposite of the strip.  However, My friend and I came down here this past Friday night because he hadn't been in downtown since this "new look."  We immediately noticed the lack of good looking, well dressed women.  Instead we saw plenty of mid-western looking folks & their kids, seniors, urban ghetto folks, out of shape ppl, etc....We hung out for an hour because the drinks were cheap while he marveled at the zipline, show stages, street performers & so on.  I finally suggested we needed to get back to the action on the strip before this place brings me down.
4	First visit here with family. We walked to Fremont Exp from our hotel Downtown Grand. I had a 10 year old girl with me and there was nothing for her there except the zip line which we did not do. We walked around the lighting and music and the stores on the street. Nothing like The Strip but you should visit once.
4	A lot has changed at Fremont street. We've been coming here for years and every year its something different. The Canopy light shows are pretty cool but i wish they brought back the Queen tribute I really like that and they didnt play it when we went on a Friday night. Still a cool place though and you see a lot of interesting things. This is where you see some of oldest casinos in Vegas. Some of the originals long before Bellagio and Mandalay Bay.
5	Super cool and best of all, free. The party on Fremont is hopping on the weekends. Tonight I've seen Experience shows from Heart and Bon Jovi. Quite cool.
4	During my trips to Vegas, I've been to Fremont Street twice!There is so much energy and it really is a different crowd of people which makes for some good entertainment :) with that being said...DO NOT bring your kids! There were girls and some guys standing around with barely anything on, practically naked. Definitely something your little ones shouldn't be looking at! Gambling? Craps and blackjack had a very low minimum and the slot machines were 'antique'..very cool! Alcohol? So cheap!! Margaritas were like $3 and draft beer was $2 pretty sure I would've spent over $20 on those drinks alone on The Strip. Food? I've never eaten here..when you see an advertisement for a steak and lobster entree for $9 you should probably be worried..haha! Overall, I had a great time on both of my trips to the Fremont Street Experience although I only spent around 2hr here each time, that's all we needed ;) I do recommend the Zip Line at night, very fun and exhilarating!
3	Worth at least one visit, the FSE is another facet of Vegas:  bigger, brighter, and in surround sound. The crowds that gather here are a good mix of 70% Asian tourists, 20% homeless panhandlers and/or performers, and 10% visitors-with-a-local-guide, it gets jam-packed at night. I prefer to go in the day when the vibe is more mellow, but you won't get the full effect.Live performances and musicians are here nearly every evening, weekdays included, and there are food and drink specials as far as the eye can see. Once you've had your fill, wait for the music to cue, and look up: the ceiling is a giant screen brought to life, cycling through a series of ads and music in a format you've never seen before.Newest addition to the area is the zipline, but the people watching alone is entertainment enough for me.
5	Young or old, meek or wild, hungry or thirsty, this is the ultimate vegas must experience on the what to do in vegas list. Mere words cannot describe the fun in store for your  "only in vegas"  trip down this very crazy lane! Trust me,  just go, have fun, and leave the kiddies with a sitter!
3	This morning I took the bus downtown and checked out the Fremont Street Experience, which is a pedestrian mall and attraction and occupies the westernmost five blocks of Fremont Street.Fremont Street had Las Vegas' first hotel (the Hotel Nevada in 1906, present day Golden Gate), first telephone (1907),  first paved street (1925), first Nevada gaming license (issued to the Northern Club) first traffic light, first elevator (the Apache Hotel in 1932) and the first high-rise (the Fremont Hotel in 1956). The Horseshoe was the first casino to install carpeting, while the Golden Nugget was the first structure designed from the ground up to be a casino.For many years, the western end of Fremont Street was the area most commonly portrayed whenever producers wanted to display the lights of Las Vegas.  By 1992, 80% of the Las Vegas casino market was on the Strip. Downtown Las Vegas hotels and casinos sought to build an attraction that would lure more visitors to their businesses.  In addition to casinos and restaurants/bars, there are lots of stores if you are looking for souvenirs, sunglasses, hats, jewelry, etc.The free Viva Vision light shows (the Viva Vision canopy is the world's largest video screen) at night are apparently amazing!
4	Old school. Grimey. Entertainment and sleaze.Came here on a Saturday evening stroll, the first eye-catching sights could be either the street performers, peddlers persuading you to buy their merchandise, or the giant LCD screen stretching across the large street as a ceiling. Another thing worthy of trying out would be the zip-line that stretches from the start to the end of the street!It's definitely worth coming here to kill time with sight-seeing, old-town vegas vibes, and feeling like a part of something 'bigger', haha.Shows on the LCD screen start around 6-8pm until late night, or so I've heard. Make sure to pick up plenty of cheap, random goodies at the side shops :)
3	FSE has become a very touristy sideshow/carnival like walk-around with street performers, artists, and the like. In many ways, it's true to the original spirit of Fremont Street's no-shame casinos, especially with girls dancing on bars, and the like. They do have some surprisingly good bands play for free here, so check the calendar for when you're visiting. Don't expect an elegant experience. It's lowbrow fun, take it in that spirit. If you're up to it. Slotzilla may be the most unusual zip line experience you'll ever have.
5	Now THIS is the Vegas I was waiting to see. The lights, the VERY interesting people, the sounds - you'll walk down this casino-lined street and the words "only in Vegas" will pop into your mind at least a dozen times. It's a little sketchy and sleazy and it is definitely not the same Vegas as The Strip, but that's what makes it awesome. For a people watching experience like none other, make a trip to Fremont Street and get a taste of old Vegas.
3	I was warned by a nice lady of the following: dont walk down freemont with an open container. Its a big ass ticket. Be warned my fellow man.
1	This review is SOLELY BASED ON MY LAST VISIT TO FSE!!!!! It wasn't so many years ago that I wanted a cheap room in Vegas and the cheapest we could find was at the Cortez, right at the beginning of downtown's transformation into what would eventually become the Fremont Street Experience. This place was deserted. A ghost town. Unless you consider scaffolding a resident. The Irish pub was the only thing that had any life to it whatsoever. Fast forwards a few years later, and FSE became the beautiful not so hidden gem that it is today.FSE holds a special place in my heart because I have gotten to see it being built into what it is today. I've been able to take my children with me on FSE to watch the many wonderful and talented street performers and the people dressed as characters working for tips, and it has always been a fun place to take a stroll in the evening, bouncing from eatery to eatery and bar to bar while zigzagging in and out of the casinos to play in between people watching and drinking.Sadly, on this last visit, this past Marine Corps birthday weekend, I was unfortunately reminded that this was not the FSE I had grown to love. By no means am I a prude or sensitive to nudity of any kind, but I didn't like what I saw this time around. Before, there were plenty of handsome and beautiful men and women dressed like Spartans and showgirls and sexy Disney or fairytale creatures, super heroes and so on and so forth, but on this particular evening, the streets were full of women baring their breasts, nipples covered with electrical tape of all things, trying to get tipped just because their titties were showing. Fat men, renting super hero costumes, trying to get tipped for being Superman and Spiderman with their beer bellies hanging out. Dude, I know men and women are beautiful in ALL shapes and sizes, but come on, look the part at least. What made me the saddest was that one of these women was older, and heavy and missing her teeth, and probably very much in need of money to either support a family or a habit, and there she was being made fun of just to earn a couple of dollars. Why? So that some drunk ass twenty something could get a good laugh and a pic and her an extra dollar?I hope that whoever is in charge of the FSE can somehow regulate the quality and quantity of street performers and tip seekers there are out there, because its getting a little out of control. I can see FSE possibly going downhill from all this extra traffic. Some of these performers were actually a little pushy and seemed pissed that you didn't want your picture taken with them! I'd like to go back to the old days where I'd be able to walk down the streets of FSE with my lady and drink in hand, and enjoy the awesome bands performing on stage in peace and not be harassed by tip seeking caricatures of characters. PLEASE DO SOMETHING!
5	Wow, FSE is a must see in Vegas, but leave the kids at home if you are going after dark. A great place to people watch as well as see the light show, and some great free shows on 3 different stages. Stayed 3 nights and spent them all on Fremont Street. Country music going on one stage, old time rock and roll on another, and the show not to miss is "The Fremont Street Hotties" on the far stage next to the Nugget. Beautiful ladies, although scantily clad dance, sing, and play with audience putting on a great show. One of the gals Alissa I believe does an aerial  show that is unbelievable. Go at night to see the light show as well as the street performers come out of the woodwork. You see showgirls, drag queens, Pirates, construction workers, indians, playboy bunnies, mr. T, kiss, Michael Jackson, topless cops, topless Angels, body painted ladies, singers, dancers. A little of everything. A zip line runs the length of the light show from slotzilla, to the nugget.
4	Hadn't been here in many years. Not since they called it this and built that canopy over it. Kinda weird seeing the cowboy from the old Pioneer Hotel all under it. Used to drive by that as a kid, now...no cars allowed. I was here to judge the World Food Championships, as they were being held literally in the middle of the Freemont Experience. All the kitchens were out in the open for everyone to see and it was a really good time. But what a fun and yet creepy place! Reminds me of Times Square in New York. It is definitely entertaining and all the characters....ummm....I mean tourists make it a fun place to keep returning to instead of the chaos of the strip where everything is too spread out. Besides, if you've done the strip, this is a nice, if not a bit of a grimy change of pace. All the surrounding hotel's slot machines pay off better than anything near the strip. And the hotel prices are cheap, cheap, cheap!!
5	You've got to come here and see the lights and people.
4	Very different from the newer part of the strip! You will get a real feel of what Vegas really is lol. Free/ live entertainment bums and crackheads! It's a whole different world on this street and I personally think it's more fun then doing things on the main strip or whatever! There are a ton of things to do and see my sister and friend got there palms read lol. Live paintings which was really fun to watch besides huffing all that paint! Haha bars,casinos ,shopping, zip line. People doing weird things for tips and live bands shows and food! Just check it out if your around and never been :)
4	A wilder, brighter, cheaper, more fun version of The Strip! There's plenty to see and do while you walk along Fremont Street - street performers, musicians, quirky characters in costume, food vendors, bars, and an amazing light show on the canopy ceiling every hour at night.  You stop by a casino, catch a bite, or find better deals on souvenirs than you possibly could at The Strip.
4	Kind of cool. Kind of crazy. There are a lot of freaks. Freakmont Street is not really a place to bring little kids. There is a lot of nudity. A lot of unusual/freaky people. Very interesting though.
4	FREE FREE! Since we went kids ( had to take them!) Good light show , decent street performers ( depends what you want to see or want your kids to see), you will see everything batman, elvis to street bums around. Of course every few minutes you look up to see the zipliners/zoomliners. Many scantily clad performers on stage /bars,street. Also the visitors sometimes are very creative in their dressing style for example there was an older lady with 2 strategically placed stars.It's Vegas what else :)
4	Mainly came for the zip-lines, which was awesome!. You get your picture taken towards the end that you can buy. I think it was about $25-30. You can either go laying down or sitting up. If you laying down it cost more. Near the entrance there is a store you have to purchase the tickets in.  The whole thing is under a tent. They have a few different stages for live music. Some rock and some country music.Lots of people dress up as movie characters or shows girls ( like most places in vegas); beware, they do charge you. I see it happen a lot, They get you to take a picture then expect you to give them money. Lots of restaurants including the famous Heart Attack Cafe and Pizza Rock.Pizza Rock is pretty new. Totally worth trying!!!!  Most of them have seating outside. The bars are outside and you have live entertainment there; dancing girls. Later in the night they got music playing and you can watch the giant t.v. screens on the sealing.There is a few places to gamble. Much better to go at night. You really get a much better experience. I recommend  taking a cab and walking the rest of the way. There is not much parking. Depending what hotel you are at its about $22 from NyNY/MGM hotel on the strip. Guys, I would keep your personal belongings in your front pocket. Ladies just bring what you need and not a big ass purse. Watch your things. always check your pockets. Some people come over a period of several days. Honestly, I think you can see everything in a few hours. This is a must see place, but there is so many things to see in vegas, especially if its your first time here. Don't waste it all on Fremont. Really nothing for kids except the zip-line....
4	A walk on the LV feral side! Come here for Excellent people watching,  quality look alike street performers, amazing overhead TV/Projection/Light effects, live stage performances, and even zip-lining!
5	I Sony play tourist often, but every once in a while you just need to do it and this is the place.Seedy at times, plenty of sights and sounds to take in, it can be overwhelming. It's a free experience and there are plenty of food, drink and entertainment options to enjoy. No two visits are the same, so just go with the flow and do it tourist style.
3	It's worth a visit. ONE visit, at least.A lot of activity here, which is nice. That alone makes it worth the visit. Bands playing, scantily-clad women dancing. Too bad they looked so bored.Zip lines are available (expensive) if you like that sort of thing.We ate at two places here - the "gourmet hot dog" shop and the "middle eastern food" restaurant. Both were disappointing. Not terrible, but neither do I have a desire to return to those establishments. (What kind of middle eastern restaurant serves cheeseburgers?)
3	If you want to see old school Vegas, this is the place to be.
5	Awesome experience! Literally was only Vegas experience that I actually got CHILL BUMPS while filming canopy light show, which was actually a compilation of the coolest video graphics mixed with a Bon Jovi concert! Space ships zooming over our heads & humans zip-lining at 30+ mph over our heads way up! New casino, "The D", is very young, sexy & modern! Coolest people in pedestrian mall. Street Entertainers, too! I was there years ago & it's EVEN BETTER NOW! There is no cost to be there! If you miss this, you've missed Vegas! It's a part that MUST be visited to say you've been to Las Vegas!
4	I wish we would have spent more time on fremont street when we came to Vegas.  I felt a lot more comfortable here then on the strip.  Its an interesting mix of street performers, historical sites, and new technology.  Its a little seedy, but the strip has a little seedy too.  We took public transportation there and while cheaper, it took forever.  We took a cab back and it was a much more enjoyable experience.  I liked the vibe of the restaurants and bars here.  Everything is more affordable.  Things are less opulent and less clean, but a lot more comfortable.  I like the throw back vibe to everything, it felt like stepping back in time.  Nobody here takes themselves too seriously as it is Vegas after all.  I really liked the restaurants and bar here, there are some very nice restaurants, but again cheaper then the strip and with a more historical ambiance.  The video screen is very cool too!
5	I love the Fremont Street experience! If you can't have fun at this place, you're probably dead inside. You see EVERYTHING! Things you don't want to see & things you do, I'll let you find that out for yourself. Overall, if you're like me, love vegas and don't care for playing the machines $$$, then the Fremont Street experience is for you. Enjoying.
4	Recommendation: Come here after the sunset - you are here to check out the LED canopy light show.Not that much interesting food selections unless you are here for fried Twinkies or Oreo at Mermaid's Casino. The SlotZilla zip line is another reason to come here - just imagine soaring through a couple blocks of the street via zip line.Other pros: Live music and various street performances.Downside: Casinos are pretty run-down and it is located in the shadier part of Las Vegas.The Fremont Street Experience is not the main reason why you should come to Vegas, but I see this as a great complement to the Strip. A solid 3.5-stars and still worth at least one visit.P.S. - Some casinos here offer 10x odds on Craps tables.
3	Its a great place to people watch i say that for sure, the people trying to make a dollar are something else, but what makes me mad. as a Vet myself I think is horraible that there are WWII vets out on the street begging for money, I am sure they are on disabilty and get money every month like myself, for god sake have a little self respect, for what you been through.
5	I could go on forever about this place but its really just something you need to experience yourself. Forget looking at all the pics & reading the reviews. Just pack up & go. If you love people watching, casinos, cheap drinks, great entertainment & walking around outside then go!  Doesn't matter what night of the week it is you will have fun. I wish every city had a Freemont St. Experience.
5	Do your self a solid and skip the Strip. This is far more affordable, fun and unique. I love it.
5	How exciting.  I took my friend girl pal down here for her birthday.  I was saying o.k. we can eat, drink laugh and she can play at the tables.  I am killing all the birds at once.  I enjoyed the entertainment. It was similar to the entertainment on Venice Beach, in California.  At night it gets real funky. They have a large stage where a DJ cuts up on the 1's and 2's.  Everyone like we are in the 60's/  Fun Fun Fun.
5	I like dive bars and divey places.  For me, Fremont Street is my Disneyland. Take a cab there from the strip (for about $20).  Sling some adult beverages, enjoy the sights and sounds, and get your hands a little dirty.  Just remember to apply some anti-bacterial hand lotion before you head back to the confines of your luxury hotel.
4	If you are coming to Vegas, you have to check out Fremont Street!As other reviews stated, it won't be safe to go any time of day, but for the best experience go at night. There are a lot of panhandlers and crazy people around, even in the day. As long as you keep your kids close and your belongings strapped on, you'll be fine. There are nudist that walk around, and crazy, screaming homeless people, so be careful.Other than that problem, the place was amazing. The casinos were okay, they were pretty old, in comparison to those on the Strip. The light show on the top roof was BEAUTIFUL. The music showings were awesome! Everyone in my party loved it. Walked up and down the street, and saw lots of lights!There's also a zip-line through the place, great for kids to try!It is a fun experience, lots of cheap, fried food to try! Stay for a couple hours and see for yourself!
5	Great experience! Found out about this place through YELP! Awesome lights & music stages. Interesting during the day & night! Safe environment. I definitely recommend it! Different vibe from the strip. Souvenirs are cheaper here than at the strip. Public transportation takes you to here and back to the strip.  Take the express bus b/c the regular one has many stops. Great place to dine, shop, & gamble! If you're in Las Vegas, you definitely need to visit Fremont Street!
5	This place is great. It keeps changing the show, nightly so it never gets boring. There are tons of people to watch and some that pose for pictures but expect money donations for it (impersonators or costumes) Some talented people do things for money donations too. Then they have a few stages of free entertainment, which is great. Some girls up dancing on the bars outside. Lots of cool places to buy drinks. There is a zip line, that when I took my son was $20 and he lived. Take a camera, pack your flask.Hell, bring a folding chair or blanket for the show. lol (not sure that is really allowed) Wear layers and keep your wallet close to you. lol There are a LOT of homeless (or people that look homeless) that hang out and enjoy the music. Then check out Park, a cool bar and restaurant at the end of the experience strip. Or get a Guinness at the place with the giant Guinness across the street from Park. OR, if you are really a big person, there is a place that offers a free meal and the waitresses are dressed as nurses, I have never been inside, but it is cute to watch through the windows too. I think there were IV's at the tables too. There is also a very cool arcade just down a little bit from the experience. I have only been once, but it was a bar/arcade.Lastly, there is a awesome pizza place one block over from the experience, near the Downtown Grand Hotel and Casino and the Mob Museum. I think it is called Rock & Pizza. Just one slice of pizza is worth the extra walk. This is the number one attraction I would recommend to anyone visiting Vegas for the first time. It's free, basically and you can spend hours there. Even better if you get a cheap hotel nearby, then you can drink your butt off and walk back to bed. Perfect!
5	I visit Vegas every year for business and this was the first time I visited Frement Street, which is a total bummer because it's awesome! Go at night to see the crazy lit-up ceiling in all its glory. Stick around for a drink, some shopping, one of the many live music shows they have going to experience the lights and sounds show the ceiling plays every 30 minutes or so. Pro-tip: there is a Starbucks with an outdoor, smoking-free area if you need a little pick-me-up. If you want a super awesome experience pay for the zipline experience, but book your time early as they sell out quick. Probably should skip this if you have been boozing it up all day. Everyone should visit The Golden Nugget at some point. It's classic. Fun souvenir shopping for way less $$$ than the strip.
