4	The Palazzo houses Morels, a french steakhouse and bistro with both indoor and outdoor seating. Sitting outside on a great Las Vegas overcast day made perfect for the Soup du Jour which was a warm tomato puree seasoned perfectly with fresh rolls accompanied with salted butter, very nice size. For a light lunch I went with the Mushroom & Onion Quiche. Perfectly created, the mushrooms were excellent and the service was key. Not too overpriced for lunch. Soup 8.00, Quiche - 14.00.
3	Tried this LA transplant at the new Palazzo and I'll admit the food is pretty good. Although I've never tried the LA version, but we had a plethora of different foods ranging from the cheese and bread to the lobster and steak.The decor was nothing to wow you, which is odd considering how new of a place it is and it being in Vegas, but from a French steakhouse it was contempoary yet understated, if that makes any sense. Also I'd note that the service was impeccable, but then again I was with a high roller.
4	Food was good. Had the romaine salad prepared table-side. 16-oz dry aged bone in rib eye and the ratatouille as a side. Good stuff except service was a little slow and the guy who set our silverware and took away our plates was more accessible than our waiter, who I don't remember seeing after we placed our order.
3	Three stars cuz my steak was good, but slightly on the salty side. The sides such as ratatouille and creamed spinach were good, but not memorable. We had a group of 12 or so people, so we ended up in a private dining room with a $62,000 chandelier over our heads. Our waiter at the beginning of the night was professional, reciting the evening's specials and such. By the end of the night, he was joking with us about hitting up the clubs and partying. Oh yea, if it's you're birthday, you get this chocolate butterfinger bar dessert with a 24k gold leaf. If you always wanted a gold tooth, here's your chance.
5	We had a party of 11. They seated us in a private room with one other table. It was very nice. We sat by the window, so you can see the busy streets of vegas. The food is quite good. I had halibut, and it was very yummy!!! The salmon was good as well. Most of the guys had steak, but i am not a big steak eater, so can't speak about the steak there. The waiter was very nice. He also give us a story about the expensive chandelier.
4	Came here for dinner and I tried four different cuts of steak and all were cooked perfectly and had good flavor.The potato gratin was delicious and the mac  n cheese was decent.
4	The hotel highly recommended Morel's, so we made reservations here for my birthday dinner. Apparently they have an amazing wine selection, but I'm not a big vino drinker so we passed. I ordered the slowly braised short ribs, and OH MY GOD it was so good. Really tender and flavorful, with the softest cooked asparagus, tasty delicate mushrooms, and a delicious sauce that I wanted to lick right off the plate. The boys ordered steaks, which melted in your mouth. The corn was really good, and the macaroni and cheese sooooo good. We didn't have time to sample the desserts as we had to go see a show, but I would definitely recommend this place. The service was very friendly and attentive, restaurant really posh and modern, and food excellent!!!
4	this restaurant sits on the strip side of the palazzo so since the weather was nice (85 and sunny) we sat on the patio.  like some have said, there are times when you don't want to sit outside but it was surprisingly comfortable for late may.  my parents live in vegas so i've seen the strip a thousand times, but the view from morel's onto the strip was just fantastic.  highly recommend sitting on the patio.the service was good, and our waiter was very attentive and knowledgeable.  on his emphatic (too empathic perhaps?)recommendation we ordered the french onion soup and it was quite tasty, very flavorful.  my steak came out next and it was the right amount of bloody goodness, i pretty much tore through it.  kinda wish i ordered the mac n cheese though, apparently it's off the chain.
2	Went there last Saturday night....was staying at the Wynn, but decided to check this place out (already went to the SW, and didn't like it too much).  Everything was off to a great start...the entrance/grand lobby of the Palazzo (impressive), the very nice and laid-back environment (sure beats the crap animation show and music at the SW), the excellent service, the 3 fantastic bottles of wine (sommelier's choice), the oyster/lobster appetizers, excellent side dishes...I was ready to chalk it up as a 5.  They got everything right so far, and heck, all they have to do is serve a decent steak.  Then I got the Kansas City steak (essentially their NY steak)......it was horrendous.  They didn't cook it properly.....asked for medium rare, and this could barely pass as a suitable rare (I know, I know, some people ask for a cold middle).....we're talking 85% red-pink and 5% grey.  I finished about 2 bites, but  I'm not one to complain, and besides, I'm not going to return the steak and have them use their special sauce (I wasn't feeling too hungry anyways).  But at the end of the meal, I let our server know.....another member of our party criticized his steak as well (too charbroiled.....at a place like this, wtf?  Not as bad as mine, but still crap).  Our server took our steaks away to show the chef.  I've been to places where they would take the steak off the bill...fine not both, but maybe one.  I could really care less about the money...it's the whole principle of it, you know?  Either way, we weren't the only table complaining......the table right next to us, this older gentleman sent back his steak as soon as he took his first bite.Either way, everything but the steak was just fine.  But it's a steakhouse...they're not supposed to mess up.  The chef did give us tiny little cookies afterwards ("on the house").  What class.  But the reason why I'm not giving this place 1 star is because the other members of my party enjoyed their meals.I must admit I have been spoiled by the fine steakhouses in the Bay Area, CA.  But I would have expected more from Morels.  My best guess is that if I go there again, I'll probably have a great steak.  But first impressions are also important......
5	People who give this place a low rating probably ordered one thing off the menu and decided it wasnt great because they wanted their steaks well done.  My experience was terrific.  We started off with a glass of wine at the bar, got seated, saw their great raw bar and cheeses in the front.  We ordered half dozen oysters, they really melt in your mouth.  The hama hama oysters were my favorite.  We ordered 2 salads, I had the chefs special watermelon arugula salad, IT WAS TO DIE FOR and the heirloom tomato salad, both simply amazing.  My main was the seafood pasta, which was excellent because there was more seafood than the pasta, usually its the other way around at those shitty places.  I took a bite of the steak that was ordered and I usually dont care for medium rare steak, but it was so tender and delicious I thought it was amazing.  Also came the pomme frittes with mayo truffle sauce, the mac and cheese, and the corn.  The corn was the weakest dish of the 3, but all very good.  We also ordered a bottle of rose champagne, it was a great compliment to our meal, everything from start to finish was executed well.
5	We found this place on Opentable as a last minute reservation before a show and it was one of the best decisions we've ever made.I dont know what the low raters are talking about - if you dont appreciate fine dining...go to freaking Denny's - its likely a better fit for you.We had 5-star service and the menu/wine list was above excellent.There is something for everyone and every price range on the menu - and you'll have a hard time deciding between the seafoods, steaks or poultry.We started with the French Onion Soup which was excellent. A much bigger portion I would expect for a starter (be cautious of this..it almost filled us up before dinner) and I had the 18-hour slow braised beef rib (OH MY GOD!!!!!) and Hubby had a barramundi fish special (awesome)I dont normally eat meat (I'm a Flexitarian) but was tempted by the Slow Braised Short Rib which is rare. I can never eat red meat ever again, as it will never compare to the pure perfection that was this dish. You touch the meat with your knife (which short ribs will usually vary from tender to like a shoe) and the meat fell apart. The sauce was mind blowing and I couldnt get enough.The whole barramundi thing with my husband was quite comical to us. The waiter looked at us with our funny accents and treated us like we were a tad too 'common' for his eclectic tastes. He gave us the whole 'lesson' on Barramundi fish and we told him we love barramundi as we are Australian and its an Australian fish - we grew up on the stuff. He insisted we were wrong it was a New Zealand fish and also corrected us on how to pronounce it - 'barra-mooooon-dey' (its an aboriginal word.. trust us, we know how its pronounced and that wasn't it) So we spent much of the meal saying Barramundi in sentences just to watch the steam come out of his ears. He was a slightly pretentious waiter - but they are the best kind. He knew his menu and his wines and his service was excellent. Just a small case of 'pole-up-butt' syndrome. Another small touch I LOVED and which sometimes goes unnoticed: Hubby and I were dressed up as we were about to go to a show - the waitress who seated us automatically looked at what we were wearing and swapped our napkins to black ones. I hate getting white napkin fluff on my black clothes. It was an extra winning touch.They had a fine range of after dinner wines and grappas, but I couldn't fit any more in which I regret. I really wanted to try some of their great cheeses they had on display in their cheese room. We will definitely be going back again.
4	Came here for dinner with my buddies from work during our weekend at Sin City.  We were staying at the Palazzo already and my buddy really wanted to try it.  I had a great experience here.  The steaks here were very well executed (on par with any good steak house u would expect, but also not the best steak I ever tasted).  The thing that really makes this place very worth the visit is the amazing wine selection they have.  From bottles to wines by the glass, they have a great amount of choice for any type of wine preference.  The side dishes were also all cooked very well.  I highly recommend coming here if you are in the area or staying at the hotel and in the mood for a french steak dinner with some awesome wine.
4	Morel's was our brunch destination on a recent Vegas outing, and it did not disappoint.  In fact, I'll be here again on my next trip. Here's what we had:Banana stuffed French toast - two layers of hearty brioche with bananas in between. Very good but I thought the brioche was a bit dry; fortunately the cinnamon, maple, and copious amount of bananas made up for that. This is actually a good dish for sharing as you could separate the two layers of toast without make a huge mess.Grilled chicken and proscuitto panini - Excellent. Bread has a perfect crisp and the melted-cheese-to-protein ratio  was spot on. Came with a hefty serving of frites which were delicious and salty (how I like them).I washed everything down with a bloody mary, which they make at your table to your specifications. I ordered mine ridiculously spicy with Grey Goose. Best damned bloody mary I've had in recent times and worth every penny. Service: outstanding and worthy of a higher tip. The tableside-crafted bloody mary was in a service league of its own.(My rating scale:5-Outstanding, sets the standard for others. 4-Very good, would bring friends/family here. 3-Decent but wouldn't recommend to others. 2-Disappointing. 1-A waste of everyones' time.)
3	Once you've tasted shrimp that tastes like...well, SHRIMP...you never forget it. My first time was in Key West, Florida - visiting the local fishmonger, we picked up 5 pounds of the stuff just off the boat. "Undipped," as the F/M said, which we took to mean that these puppies had seen nothing but seawater. At $20/pound raw in 1985, we happily splurged.Such is the case at Morels French Steakhouse and Bistro in Las Vegas. Expect to pay top prices for the traditional shrimp cocktail, and expect a fresh taste of the sea.Alas, no such luck with the rest of the menu. It's good fare, but nothing soars or, for that matter, lands. My advice: Stick to the sea.
4	Recently my boss and some coworkers were looking for a place to get a good meal, and we walked around the Venetian and Palazzo trying to make a choice.  We finally settled on Morel's, getting seated right away on the patio at a table for four.  The patio was a bit loud due to the TI Sirens show going on, and our table was small, but it was nice to be outdoors right on the strip.  Three of us started with the shrimp cocktail appetizer, which was four huge, delicious shrimp for $12, I believe.  All four of us had the filet, which was slightly overcooked for our preferences, but was delicious nonetheless.  The service was fairly attentive, but nothing out of the ordinary.  With so many steakhouses in Vegas, I wouldn't plan a specific trip to this restaurant, but if you find yourself at the Palazzo, it's a more than adequate option for dinner.
3	A group of six's reservation was made a couple of hours in advance and we were seated on time.  Walking to our table, I noticed the cheese bar where they had some real exotic cheeses.  The ambiance is good, with the lighting slightly on the darker side.It looked like most everyone was having steak for dinner and the price ranged from about $30 for an 8 oz to $160 for a 8oz Kobe filet.  I went against the grain and order the arugula salad and beef shortribs.The salad was superb.  The vinaigrette was perfectly balanced.  I'd highly recommend it.  It is garnished with small strips of bacon that were real tasty.The shortribs were good and season well, though a bit on the dry side.  It is served on top of some mashed potatoes.  It was good, but nothing truly memorable.The side dishes we ordered were good but the portions were a bit small.  The people in our group all had steaks and said they enjoyed it, but no one said it was a memorable experience.Summary:  good, safe choice but clearly not as good as Bouchon, CUT, or B&B at the Venetian.
1	Had a great meal in June 2008. So went back last Friday November 7th. Restaurant was only 20 full at 6pm. Waiter took over 20 minutes to bring our menus. Took drink and wine order. Then came back with another waiter named Jesus. Said he was leaving and Jesus was the best waiter in the restaurant. We gave Jesus our order. Salad and appetizer came....no bread....we asked for some...water glass empty...Jesus said I will be right back with water...15 minutes later we asked the bus boy for water...had to pour our own wine. Entrees came....gummy  fatty short ribs - horrible. Very good Mahi Mahi en cellophane...still no service...about 20 wait staff were standing around talking, restaurant had only 6 tables of diners on a Friday night. No excuse for this horrible service. Any hoo, our first waiter (thought he had to leave) came back to ask how Jesus had done (while I got the check for $185+ for two). I told him this was the absolute worst service I have EVER had in any restaurant in the USA and Europe and NO TIP was coming out of my pocket. I am a very loyal diner which is why I came back to Morels.. What a major and EXPENSIVE disappointment. I would never go back. There are a billion dining opportunities in Las Vegas. THE BEST VALUE IS LUNCH AT THE PALMS IN THE FORUM SHOPS.  Great value $19.50 for huge salad, filet mignon with mushrooms, fresh hot potato chips and hash browns and coffee. Served until 3 pm every day!!
4	When it comes to lunch or brunch in the Palazzo your choices are somewhat limited. After two awful experiences at Grand Lux we wanted to try something different and Morels did not disappoint. Unfortunately our brunch did not start off on the right foot. We were made to wait for our table to be seat up which was odd, considering the restaurant was empty and it appeared that all of the tables were already set up. Upon seating us the hostess gave a little big of an attitude when we commented that it took a little long to set up tables in what appeared to be an empty and ready restaurant. Other than the 'tude from the hostess everything else was fantastic. It's a shame too because I would have probably given them 5 stars if not for her. Our server was great, very attentive, very nice. My mimosa was perfectly made and they also offer a Bloody Mary bar. My eggs benedict were fantastic, as were the order of pommes frites that I ordered as a side. (How do you go to a French restaurant and not try the pommes frites?) My husband loved his Croque Monsieur. The rest of my dining companions enjoyed their brunch as well. The stuffed French toast was tempting and I would definitely order it on a return trip. Brunch entrees were priced on the more expensive side when compared to a place in your hometown, but they were on par with hotel pricing.
5	I feel that Morels has not recieved its full recognition yet. The restaraunt was not very full eventhough our reservations were for 8:00pm. Maybe everyone wouldnt guess that a non- celebrity chef restaraunt such as Morels, could be any better or meet a celebrities chef's standard, but what is their lost is completely my gain! =).  The service is most definitely top notch, there was a 3-1 ratio for each table. Ive been to alot of more expensive restaraunts, and this by far beats all those snooty high- end uncomfortable restaraunts, The food was excellent, for appetizors we had the beef tarter, dozen oysters and a variety of cheeses. Me and my bf both chose the steaks; a wet aged and dry aged and they were both melt in your mouths, wonderful!..We didnt have room for dessert, but next time I'll try to not eat as much and see what their dessert menu has to offer. I will be coming back here on my next trip to Vegas, you can bet on it! =0
4	Well...at the Palazzo there is nothing cheap. The cheapest food you can eat is at the Grand Lux Cafe, where the food sucks by the way, and the free drinks you get when you sit at a slot machine. So we were in for a little treat when we sat  down at Morel's French Bistro. As soon as you get seated the waiters will pamper you. I personally hate that kind of service, but, we were all tired of gambling and a little babying was not too bad. We sat down and the waiters do that napkin thing onto your lap. Then several waiters come out to help you pick your wine (which was unneccesary cuz I'll ALWAYS pick the cheapest bottle n e way) and they wait next to you till you make your decision. We started with some soup de jour which was some really buttery bacon-ie ham-ie chowder. It was too buttery for me but good.Then came the mussels for an appetizer which was pretty good.I chose the seafood fettucine which the sauce tasted like the soup i had and BAD OYSTERS. I couldn't even taste the lobster or the clams. I already had the mussels so basically i had more soup de jour with pasta.Then my bro's plate came which was the sirloin cooked medium. And my fiance's plate which was the same cooked medium-well. I had a bite of each and they both tasted GREAT. We had the artichoke side which complimented the large portions of meats. The meat dishes were very plain (a big piece of meat plotted on a big plate with no decor) but the taste made up for what was missing. For all the money you'll be spending you'd think they'd put a little more on the plates, eh?So, i learned the next time i go to a steakhouse, STEAK is what i'll order. GEEZ.The bill came out to about $250-260? and we left a $100 tip (because of the service and it was around Christmas). So it was worth getting pampered for that amount of cash or was it all PRETENTIOUS???I give it a 3.5
4	The food was great but the service was a bit uncoordinated. I had dinner at 9 pm here in a party of five. The wine selection is extensive and the setting is modern. There is a large cheese bar that you walk from the bar to the dining room If you're a cheese fan, you'll be very excited. We started with a seafood platter that had lobster, crab, oysters and calamari. It was delicious but our plates were removed when we still had about half the platter left. There seemed to be some confusion about what the service staff was supposed to do when the soups were ready to come out. We got out plates back and I really liked the oysters. I heard the soup was good.The red meat selection and presentation is impressive. There is wet and dry aged meat, boneless and bone in. There's also Japanese Wagyu which is pricey, meaning three figures. I had the bone in New York steak cooked medium rare. Everyone in our group got steak and all five of them were rolled out on a little table. We also shared several sides, including mashed potates and mushrooms. The steak and sides were delicious. The desserts were good as well. We had the chocolate souffle which we had to order when you got our steaks. The waiter kindly made up aware of the souffles and they are definitely worth ordering.One issue I had was that the dining room was dimly lit but on the plus side it was quite enough for conversation.
5	We had late reservation for six on a sunday.  Place was fairly empty.  Service was excellent, staff was friendly.  I had the kansas city steak with caramelized onions and roasted tomatoes as a side.  Steak was one of the best I've ever had and I would honestly fly back to vegas just to eat another one.  Aged perfectly/cooked to perfection. Their wine list is comprehensively... French.  This being Vegas one would naturally understand why this would be considered "better = ($$$$)".  Unfortunately its not, at least, not anymore.Overall I had a great experience, yum yum nom nom on the red meat.
4	Well well well ... Sort of a typical restaurant in Vegas, but in a good way. Like other restaurants on the strip, Morels offers beautiful ambiance, great food, attentive service, good wine selection ... Yet, without being pretentious. It offers outdoor dining, but it was closed for the night because of they forecast rain that day. We got there early, and ordered wine and champagne at the bar and sat outside.i dined there on valentine's day. They have a special pre fixe menu for the occasion, but also served the regular menu, which I think is great. I would have been pretty upset if I couldn't choose and HAD to order the special menu.There were 2 of us, we started off with sharing a fondue and then a dozen of oysters. They have a cheese bar, and as expected, the fondue is delicious. I don't know why I ordered seafood in a desert, but the oysters are great. Then, we had a filet mignon with a side pommes frites and the "18 hour braised beef short rib". The filet was juicy and done perfectly, but the presentation is "very interesting". There was the white plate, with the piece of meat in the middle and a slice of butter on top. Just that. I understand the simplicity and to showcase the steak just by itself, but I don't know if it looked that appetizing. Anyways, the fries were alright, but the truffle mayonnaise dip is fantastic. The short rib is of course really good. Tender, flavorful, but what could have gone wrong with braised rib. We were very full and didn't have dessert, but I would love to try their cheese plate if I come again.On a side note, Morels is located almost right on the strip across from Treasure Island. When I made the reservation, I thought it would be nice to sit there, and be able to see their show. Well, I guess I had a long dinner, because I saw that show once at the bar, and again and again during dinner; and they lasted like 10 minutes. The explosions of fire, fireworks, lightings were rather distracting the second time, and a bit annoying for the third, even when I was dining indoor. It has nothing to do with the restaurant itself, but it might be something you want to consider when you book a table here for a date.
4	Giant luminous oil paintings of people in various erotic embrace on the walls.  I liked that they gave me a black napkin so that a white one wouldn't get my black pants all linty; that is CLASS. Oh, the cheese plate of runny, globby, funky deliciousness.  Oh the bright honey muscat wine.  I can't ever remember the names of wines and cheeses but they are to be trusted here.  They also have sides of roasted tomatoes and brussels sprouts.  I love me some brussels sprouts, especially with bacon.
4	I actually give Morels 4 1/2 stars. The prior Yelp reviews I read were very helpful in deciding to go there last Friday night. The place was very empty for 8 pm but that just works for us in better service. The service gets 5 stars. Our waiter was very attentive and patient, answering my numerous questions about their rather large menu. We started with the cheese fondue and it was great. Next, we split the Kansas City steak and lobster special. I thought it was one of the best steaks I've ever had, just perfectly cooked, not fatty, and juicy. The Pommes Frites were solid but nothing special. We ended with the chocolate souffle and it didn't disappoint. With two glasses of red wine, the total was under 200 bucks with 30% tip which is a bargain in my eyes. What kept it from being a 5 star meal was that you could see the Pirate Show at the Treasure Island and that took away from the ambience in my opinion.
4	I loved this place!  Delicious food and excellent service.  I couldn't ask for more.  We had decided to come to this place for brunch because SushiSamba wasn't going to open for another 45 minutes or so.  We made the right choice. The prosciutto and wild arugula flat bread was so good.  I also loved the croque monsieur.  It is comparable to the ones I was introduced to in France.  I would definitely come back here whenever I'm in Vegas.   Next time I want to try out their extensive cheese selection.
4	It was great sitting outdoors for a change. This is something Vegas is lacking in.Good wine, good cheese, good fish, and good soufle. I would say just above average. Good selection though. With 1 wine, 3 cheese, 1 french onion soup, 2 entrees, and 1 dessert our bill was around $275 before tip.
4	We chose to have dinner at Morels on Wed. night because my husband and I are both fans of French and being that he is on this steak kick "French Steak House" seemed to fit the bill. As you walk through the entrance of the restaurant you can smell all the delicious cheeses that are displayed in the cheese case. Our waiter was Chandler. He was "awesome!"  Upon his suggestion I ordered a glass of "Sin Quan" . He informed me that it is a hard to find wine that was opened by mistake and not normally served by the glass. The wine and beer list is impressive and that always makes for a good night! My husband had several different rare beers after starting with his favorite "go to beer" (Chimay) That was served in the correct glass. (Thank you!) Shrimp Cocktail : Fabulous! Really fresh; Chilled to perfection; Beautifully presented. The only thing that could have made it slightly better for me is a lemon wedge. French Onion Soup : Jeff loved it! Baby Iceberg salad : I ordered with no bacon. Really crisp and tasty. I really liked the sun dried tomatoes. Asked for salt and was presented with a variety of three. I have never seen this before and thought it was a great touch.Filet: Cooked perfectly rare; JuicyMushrooms: Nice size portion for two; So tasty; One of my favorite things! Mac and Cheese: None for me but my husband said it was good. Not to rich; not to cheesy; Again nice size portionFor our Cheese course we chose a variety of three after telling our server what we liked in our cheeses he did very well with suggestions. The cheese monger presented the cheeses and was very nice. We had a Mimolette/cows milk from france, Cashel Blue/cows milk from Ireland and the "most stinky but interesting cheese I have yet to experience The Grayson/cows milk from Virgina US. My husband and I were impressed and pleased with the selection. Overall I would say this was a wonderful experience. I haven't had such impeccable service in way to long. I could say that the service was 5 star all the way! The managers were warm and friendly even serving us our entrees. The staff was knowledgeable and fun and encouraged us to take our time and enjoy!!! The decor of Morels is a little dull. I could see how it would fly in LA but in Las Vegas you expect a bit more due to the fact that everything is on a  grander scale here. I think sitting on the patio on a warm night would be a whole different story but as far the inside it just lacked that "little extra something" I hate to even say a negative thing about this place because I would most certainly  recommend Morels to anyone. We loved it and had a fantastic evening It was memorably fabulous!!!
4	After wandering around the Palazzo looking at the menus of pretty much every restaurant there, my friend and I chose to settle in at Morels. Good choice!It's a very classy place, with clean, classic decor, nice art on the walls, dim lighting. The modern glowing green Exit signs were the only thing that detracted from the very nice appearance of the place. Walking in you pass the fresh seafood on ice by the bar, and then their cheese area and charcuterie.The cheese and wine menus are both extensive and both come from all over the world. I chose a glass of white wine to start. In order to save ourselves the trouble of picking out cheese, we just went with the cheese fondue (though they had a cheese expert that I'm sure would have been happy to help us with our cheese orders, had we asked). I'm quite happy with that choice, as the fondue was excellent.The entrees were equally delicious. I had the brick chicken, which was incredibly tasty. It was probably the best meal I had on that trip to Vegas. My friend reported that his wet aged steak was very good as well. The frites with truffle mayonaisse were also good. If you are a steak connoisseur with money to burn, they have Japanese Wagyu steak for $185.I was too stuffed for dessert so I didn't get to try that.Despite having a 3-man team dedicated to serving us (and I counted 7 people that brought us food or interacted with us, excluding the hostess) the service wasn't quite as attentive as I would have expected. It wasn't bad by any means, but we had to wait a bit for someone to take our orders, and sometimes for water refills. It was certainly not enough to keep me from going back there.Prices... well, it's Vegas, and a restaurant in a hotel on the strip. What do you expect? The prices were about on par with the location and the caliber of the restaurant.One other thing, they have a nice patio area above the strip overlooking Treasure Island. Unfortunately it was a cool, extremely windy night so we didn't get to enjoy it.
5	On a trip to Las Vegas recently with my boyfriend, we were wandering through the shops at the Venetian, and I saw a sign for "Date Night" at 7 restaurants in the Venitian and the Palazzo.  We weren't sure if we were going to do it, but later that day we decided to check on it, and sure enough we thought it sounded fun, and Morels sounded the best out of what we like, so we went for it.The "Date Night" is some sort of Prix Fixe menu (3 courses for $40) on Wed-Fri until sometime in mid April.  We got there and the place seemed very nice.  Looking at the three courses, we were amazed at the deal we were probably getting since one of the items on the Fixe menu was $38 by itself.  We both got the menu, and we ordered some cheese as a cheese course between the entree and the desert.For those who don't know, there is a ridiculous cheese bar.  By ridiculous, I mean ridiculously awesome.  There are around 60 types of cheese, and just trying to choose some for sampling was overwhelming in its own right.  We ended up choosing some English Cheddar (because the bf is from England and complains about the American Cheddars), a strong blue, and some Camembert.The Fixe menu consisted of three courses, soup or salad (he chose salad, I got soup), salmon (which looked a bit boring) or braised short rib (which we both got), and profiteroles or a lemon tart (I love lemons so went with the tart while he got the profiteroles).  The soup was amazing.  Seafood corn chowder.  Very rich and delicious.  I think my bf was jealous, but he wasn't going to say anything about it.  The entree was phenomenal.  Lately, all the short ribs I have had were super fatty, greasy piles of meat, and this one was fairly lean and just falling apart.  It was served with cauliflower puree, bacon, and a few vegetables.  The cheeses were to die for.  I could go back here on any trip to Vegas just to get some cheese.  We also got some prosciutto with the cheese and some sweet and spicy almonds.  The almonds were quite tasty, and the meat was divine.  The cheeses were served with fresh honeycomb and date puree, both of which went well with the cheese selection.  I also got some sweet wine to go with it, and it was amazing.  The ages port was also one of the best ports my bf has ever had.  The desserts were tasty, but not spectacular.  The two best things were the cheese and the short rib.The service was great too.  Always attentive, and our water glasses were constantly being filled.  I'd recommend this place to anyone, especially if they are doing a Price Fixe event!
5	Excellent service and fantastic food in a great setting. The staff were knowledgeable about the cheeses, wines, food and their respective pairings.  The food was great (had the pork chop which was very nicely done). The coffee was served and made via French press which I'm addicted to to start with and that in of itself put a great touch on the experience.
4	You must try their fresh oysters. You can also sit outside if it's not too hot. Hang out at the bar is also a great option. Bartenders there are extremely friendly. The bar has tons of wine by the glass - French to South American exotics. Dinner menu has many choices. Dessert is also a must. Their dessert chef is awesome! Wrap up your night with an after dinner drink!
5	Out with friends during a conference in Las Vegas and we found Morel's. Everything, absolutely everything, was wonderful. The setting, the service, the food, and the wine. Our waiter assisted us with the menu and helped to create a complete meal for us with all the appropriate pairings. My entree was the bone-in Rib Eye, and I will say that it was one of the absolute best steaks that I have ever had, ever. Prepared exactly to my preference and matched perfectly with the Merdoc Bordeaux.. We all shared a variety of deserts and each was spectacular. When in Vegas definitely visit Morel's.
5	This steakhouse has a friendly and inviting ambiance. I sat outside on their patio, overlooking the LV strip. It was elevated and set back from the side walk so you're not near pedestrians at all. I got the braised short rib and it was excellent. Meat was falling off the bone. I also got the oysters and the temperature was just right.Wine list was very impressive.
2	We had dinner here last Friday. I expected more from this restaurant. The ambiance was nice but it's a little too quiet for me. The service was just ok, but the food was delicious. My rule when I eat out... and I eat out A LOT... the service makes the dining experience GREAT. I would have given this place 4 or 5 stars if our waiter was more attentive. The restaurant was not even busy and we waited to get the menus, water, everything. I looked outside and our waiter was just goofing around...talking to his co-waiters. The assistant waiter was great. He was the one who took care of us for the most part. We gave him a cash tip so the other waiter won't get it because he was so lousy. After dinner I told the hostess if they have a comment card... I guess one of the managers heard me and he said you can tell me. I told him about our service and he was surprised. I'm thinking...(maybe if you do your job as a manager you would noticed)... WTF.. One more thing I told them that it's my friend's bday all we got are 3 very small bread sweets. Not even a candle. There are so many places in LV to eat. I don't think I'll be back. And this place is not cheap either.
2	Great food, horrible service.I came here with two girlfriends, and the food was divine but our waiter was lazy. There's no other way to put it. He had his assistant do all the work, and his assistant was very polite and attentive; I have no complaints about him and think he actually deserves a raise or promotion. Our waiter, I believe his name starts with the letter J, took forever to get to our table to greet us even though there were only a total of about 4 tables with people sitting at them in the entire restaurant. He then took forever to get our menus.Then he disappeared. Water refills were done by his assistant. Requests for EVERYTHING, including the check, we made of his assistant. J, meanwhile, was goofing off on the outdoor patio with his colleagues. Coffee? His assistant took the order and delivered it. Guess who got the tip? Yep, his assistant. Step up the service, Morel's, otherwise I and my friends wouldn't be recommending this restaurant to anyone, especially when there are so many other options close by.
5	This is a review for brunch at Morel's.And what a brunch it was!  5 stars all the way around.We walked in around 11 a.m. on Saturday morning.  It was quiet.  We were seated right away and waited on - meticulously - by three people throughout brunch.  We were three women and the gentlemen waiters were helpful, polite and prompt.The brunch menu looked divine, but I'm a sucker for cheese.  I was impressed by the selection of cheeses and charcuterie.  I talked my friends into having cheese fondue with me.  Yes, for brunch.  So there.The fondue arrived and was the perfect balance of wine and cheese.  Neither was too strong.  It was a symphony of taste that I never wanted to end.  The bread was crusty and soft, fresh and fragrant.  SO GOOD.The coffee was strong - a fair trade Rwandan blend - and I loved it.Then we shared the fries with the seasoned mayonnaise (divine!), a plate of saucisson (a dry salame thing made in France, that I love) and a smoked salmon flat bread.  The saucisson was sliced wafer thin and served with more yummy bread, sweet cornichons, pearl onions and a fancy, stone-ground mustard.  My tummy was full and my heart was singing in tune with my taste buds.Great atmosphere, comfy chairs, right on the strip with indoor (what we opted for) and outdoor seating.Check this place out.  I *will* try their dinner menu on a future trip to Vegas... but I am craving their spectacular brunch.  And, next time, I *will* sample something off the delightful Bloody Mary cart.
4	Went twice for lunch on my recent trip to Vegas. Both times were very, very good. Prices were a little on the high side for lunch but combined with the pretty dining room and great service was well worth it. Will probably be back the next time we are in town. I especially liked the table side Bloody Mary preparation.
3	C'est magnifique!  C'est merveilleux! C'est ci bon!Well, not quite.Located at the Palazzo hotel http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/O_C-2kZMHGnq3ZDL_OaG6Q?select=q_XliEMMc_vle_IYjdF3kQ, Morels is a nicely designed space, done in dark understated yet rich tones, accented by Murano chandeliers and Tom Cannon's enormous, in your face art, all of naked female form.  As an aside, Tom Cannon must be a real lover of breast implants.  Not one boob in his paintings looked natural.  I couldn't decide if it was art or more of a cartoon-type work, but as the idiom goes, "The boob is in the eye of the beholder".http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/O_C-2kZMHGnq3ZDL_OaG6Q?select=hiLDnJAUR6o9vAEH_8BmVQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/O_C-2kZMHGnq3ZDL_OaG6Q?select=aLI33JvcXjoe6vI-xbVvXQIt has a beautiful wine bar and a spacious comfortable terrace (which they call a patio).http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/O_C-2kZMHGnq3ZDL_OaG6Q?select=2hBacW9b6INPycSDqY11GAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/O_C-2kZMHGnq3ZDL_OaG6Q?select=aiZj8CkK1NSFhI7ujjQZ5whttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/O_C-2kZMHGnq3ZDL_OaG6Q?select=YQlwdGgpkhjKjtErmQjuLgHere's a virtual tour:http://delivery.vrxstudios.com/50372/virtualtours.htm?id=386407&id_type=2&locale=1&container=1We were a group of 7.  Our table wasn't ready so we were offered to have drinks on the terrace.  As beautiful and comfortable as it is, if you don't care for the Las Vegas heat, you don't want to be there.  Maybe in February.  Some of us opted for the terrace, as for the rest of us - there was not really any other available place to wait.Once seated, we found our server Rick to be friendly and efficient.   I still don't like it when a waiter announces his name, especially in an upscale restaurant.  I've never heard anyone call "Hey Rick" at XIV.  Depending on people's age and preference, it's always either "Excuse me", "Waiter", or "Excuse me, Sir".  Why do I need his name?  I'm not planning on exchanging Christmas cards with Rick...  I ordered Onion Soupe Gratinee and 18 Hour Red Wine Braised Short Rib, which was a mouthful, even before I got any food.  My date shared a Petite Romaine Heart Salad, served tableside, for two or more, with a friend.  For the main course, he ordered Grilled Halibut.  Almost everyone else ordered Kansas City Steak and Choice Filet Mignon.  We already had cocktails, so we shared 2 bottles of Red, don't remember which, but I do remember that Rick said that decent wine starts at $75.00 a bottle at Morels...My soup was delicious, rich, full of onion and cheese flavors, and a good size.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/O_C-2kZMHGnq3ZDL_OaG6Q?select=_k3UURyS2x98gCP0gEkl8gAs to Petite Romaine Heart Salad, I was told that it was good, but that Petite applied to the size of the salad instead of that of the romaine hearts...http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/O_C-2kZMHGnq3ZDL_OaG6Q?select=pUHu4Va2XWQiWft7sxzuDwThen came my favorite part of the evening.  Our entrees arrived.  It was like a beautifully orchestrated symphony.  Seven waiters plus waiters' assistants all descended on our table at exactly the same time.  Things were moved, knives were placed, glasses were repositioned, and all our seven entrees magically landed in front of usat the exact same moment.  Talk about food orgasm, this was service orgasm!My short rib was excellent, you could really appreciate the tastes embedded in it in 18 hours.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/O_C-2kZMHGnq3ZDL_OaG6Q?select=GOnQcXc3tlm9SpNKq9fRqQMy date's halibut was OK, I was told, but it looked really tiny.  All side dishes are extra, by the way, so if you want a side of steamed asparagus, for example, that alone will knock you $14.00.  If you want a different sauce - that's extra too. Now to the steaks.  Of the 5 people who ordered them, 2 or 3 complained that the cut wasn't what it was supposed to be, that the beef was too chewy, and one complained of an overcooked steak.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/O_C-2kZMHGnq3ZDL_OaG6Q?select=CIYQHfa3dExTAv4OMLw-ngTo make us feel better, we were comped two desserts for the entire table of 7 (a little stingy, considering, if you ask me).So, based on my food alone, it would have been 4 stars, but given the bad steaks in a steakhouse, and prices that I thought were too high, the most I can give is 3.  Knowing that I will be writing a review, I, very not ladylike, craned my neck to see what my date was paying.  Two entrees, two appetizers, and about half a bottle of wine (maybe a diet coke too) - around $200.00.Ouch.If you happen to go there on a cool evening, sit on the terrace, you'll have an amazing view of the Strip AND you can see the Sirens of Treasure Island show that's across the street and runs a couple of times a night.
4	Hey, I love a good steak like every other person (minus vegans), but I've never been wowed by a steak. The bone in rib eye here is really good - it's cooked well - when you ask for medium rare they deliver on that perfectly and it's seasoned well.  In case you get tired of the old salt and pepper flavoring, they offer you three different sauces to dip the steak in.  One is a salsa mix, another is au jus, and the last is ... well, just as delicious.I've heard recently that it's not as good as it used to be, but I've only got fond memories of this place.It'll run you about $120 a person if you have a drink and appetizers, which I highly recommend.  Make it a complete meal, it'll be worth it.I know there's better steak out there, I just haven't found it yet...The search continues.
4	Really enjoyed lunch here.  The environment, like all the casinos on the strip, is beautiful.  The staff is great, and our waiter was excellent.The steak was delicious, and inexpensive.  My lady loved her meal as well.  Even the wine selection was both good and tasty.
4	We went there for lunch and had one of the specials, the steak and frites, and it was great!  The steak was perfectly cooked.  A lot of the restaurants on the strip are pretty expensive, the lunch special at Morels was $20.00.  So if you're trying to do Vegas on a budget, I would recommend going here for lunch.  You get a good meal with the whole Vegas experience at a decent price.
2	2.5 stars.I had high hopes for a great steak dinner at Morels, given that this very upscale restaurant is located in the fairly new and decidedly fancy Palazzo.  A few years ago I had one of the best restaurant steaks ever at Delmonico in Palazzo's little-sister hotel the Venetian, so I think it's reasonable to expect even better quality from the higher-end hotel.  Unfortunately, in my case the experience fell well short of my expectations.We were seated quickly at around 7pm, at which time the dining room was relatively empty and a large crew of servers stood at the ready.  The room itself is fairly low-key and classy, with interesting art hanging on the otherwise plain walls.  I like the decor, but I wouldn't mind seeing a bit more design effort.  The front part of the restaurant where you come in features what looks like an oyster bar with a dark wood theme, and I wish they had carried that aesthetic throughout the rest of the dining room.  As it stands, you'll spend your evening staring at relatively unadorned light blue and white walls and large view windows facing the Strip.Our waiter was quite chatty and informative, giving plenty of suggestions and lots of insight into Morels' impressive cheese and oyster menus.  My buddies and I were in fact very satisfied with the cheese and oyster plates that we ended up ordering as appetizers.Morels also offers an extensive wine list, with a varied selection of wine styles spread across a wide range of price points.  However, one thing that bugged me just a little bit was the nature of their wine service.  Morels keeps a sommelier in their employ, but this person doesn't bring out the wine list to help you make your selection.  Instead, you choose your bottle, and then the sommelier appears with the bottle and pours it for you.  When your glass gets low, he swings by your table and tops you off.  Now I'm all for sommeliers, but wouldn't it be better if he showed up earlier and guided you through the wine list, helping you make a pairing based on the food you order?  I'm a wine novice so I certainly would have appreciated the help.  As I said, not a huge complaint, just kind of odd.So onto the entrees, and here is where most of the stars got deducted.  First of all, the food took a while to show up.  Of course, this is pretty typical for a fancy restaurant, but by the time our wait started to feel long, the room hadn't really filled up yet.  That said, I am generally willing to give the kitchen staff the benefit of the doubt.When our sides failed to arrive with our steaks, and none of the many servers carrying the steaks acknowledged that we had even ordered sides, my mild lack of enthusiasm turned to full-on disappointment.  We tried to wait out the 10 or 15 minutes as our sides were hurriedly prepared and brought out; they turned out to be pretty decent.  The steaks, however, were really, really average.  They were cooked to temperature and had nice marbling, but they tasted plain and unseasoned, with hardly a trace of that meaty flavor that a $50 dry-aged steak ought to have.  It was the first time in many Vegas steakhouse trips that I contemplated using the dipping sauces.  To cap off the meal, I ordered my customary espresso for dessert and it turned out pretty poorly; all evidence pointed to old coffee beans.All in all, the dining experience was mildly enjoyable, but heavily marred by the deeply unimpressive entree.  For the same price, I've had much, much better experiences (and steaks) at Cut, Mesa, and Delmonico.  Sorry, Morels.
3	I have mixed feelings about this place. The truffled macaroni and cheese was delicious. Our steaks were good but for $46 per 8 ounces (and steakhouse in your name), meat needs to be excellent. I'd expect a little more flavor, and the steak knives were dull! The waiter even apologized and said, "I think the steak sharper should come twice a month versus just once." Patio dining was nice. Good people watching. (The cheese list looked impressive but we took a pass.) Our waiter also didn't have solid knowledge of the wines by the glass. Is Vegas fine dining slipping across the board?
5	I woke up this morning, logged on to opentable.com and looked up reservation times of 12:30pm for 2.  Out of the list of places to eat, Morels stuck out to me.  I decided to make the online reservation and get ready for an adventure.Palazzo is a beautiful hotel in the heart of the strip, and Morels is the perfect restaurant there.  Its decor is sexy and chique, using black and white with hints of wine, and very sexy paintings on the main wall.  As we entered the restaurant we were greeted by two lovely ladies who sat us indoors near the windows.  Our server was more than helpful, and as usual I asked for suggestions for lunch.  He brought out the dinner menu because their steaks are always available, and I went with their 100% Kansas raised bone in new york, medium.  For starters we had a charcuterie of  proscuitto and salami, complimented with 3 types of cheeses: a blue cheese blend of goat and sheep milk, as well as a brie and capricorn.  It arrived with some walnut cake slices, fresh honey comb, walnut spread, as well as a mini baguette sliced to eat, grain mustard, mini pickles and pickled onions.  All of it was savory, beautiful, and incredibly wonderful to eat.  With the steaks we ordered mushrooms sauteed in truffle butter, along with pomme frites with an out of this world truffle mayonnaise made in house.All of the food was heavenly.  First, the cured meat was freshly sliced nearby, and we watched the chef slice it deli thin along with the cheeses.  He was meticulous with the plating despite it being a casual appetizer.  The cheeses were fabulous.  I am not a blue cheese person, but I will eat that blue cheese we ordered every single day if I could afford it.  The honey comb along with the walnut cake was amazing, as was the other two cheeses we ordered.  As for the steaks--I couldn't be happier.  The carry over made the steak the perfect medium that I desired.  With nothing but salt and black pepper to season, as well as a teaspoon of herb butter on top, it was thick, juicy, and worth every penny.  The side dishes weren't just side dishes--they were meals in themselves!  Mushrooms were just the right texture and seasoned well, and the pomme frites were the best I've had in Vegas.  I love a good fry, but when you add a dipping sauce like a truffle mayo that they make, it's to die for.  I wanted to smother it on everything.  I could taste the hint of lemon zest and black pepper as well.  It was fantastic.We ended the lunch with their signature souffle.  I've had one before at Wolfgang Puck's, and it was fair. This, however, was incredible.  Soft, fluffy and light as it should be, the dessert itself wasn't overpowering and because they used premium cocoa, the sweetness was well balanced.  Their vanilla bean sauce was so good.  I wanted to lick the plate when I was done.Overall, a great meal at under 200 dollars.  Well worth the price tag.  In Vegas, it's easy to spend a lot of money at a restaurant that serves mediocre food.  Morels, however, is worth every penny.Make the trip.  It's worth the time.
4	The Good: It's fine dining.  Professional servers, exquisite foods, and delicious coffee.  I came for brunch and everything was fantastic.  The Bad: It's an expensive brunch.Try: dining outside.  Nice view of the strip.  I also recommend the following items: Riwanda coffee, breakfast crossiant sandwich, and mushroom omelette with fries.  Don't Try: the stuffed french toast if you don't want something really sweet for brunch.
5	We came here last night because we needed to eat at 4:00 pm and wanted a great steak by the Palazzo Hotel.  Most of the high end steak houses do not serve till 5:00 pm.We walked around the hotel and bumped into this gorgeous restaurant that was OPEN!We went in, sat down on a fab table with a view of the strip and orderedescargot, french onion soup, lobster bisque, rib eye steak, filet mignon, rack of lamb, mushrooms, brocolli, scalloped potatos, and truffled mac and cheese.Each item that we tried was just outfuckingstanding!!!!!!!!French Onion soup, lobster bisque and escargot were soooo flavorful, I could of eaten those starters alone and left satisfied.The meats were cooked to perfection and soooooooo tender and juicy.The sides of mushrooms, potatos, mac and cheese, and brocolli with a  tangy hollandaise sauce complemented the meats like white on rice......The service was super-excellent...........!!!!!!!Toss in the incredible ambience and beautifully designed and furnished dining room and you have one of the finest restaurants that I have ever eaten at.
3	I was in town for major industry trade show, and some colleagues wanted steak.  Since we were staying at the Palazzo, we just dropped by around 8pm and they were able to seat us.  However, the only reason we were able to get a seat is that the outside patio was open.  While they had a few heaters amongst the tables, ours did not have one.  So we were quite cold throughout the dinner.First off, let me say that the food is very good.  I don't think there was a single complaint or issue with the food.  I had the bone-in rib eye, and it was superb.  My colleagues also enjoyed their entrees.That said, here was the bad during my dining experience.  First, we asked for a wine menu, which our waiter completely forgot when he came back to take our order.  So after ordering a 2005 cab from Napa, we received a 2006.  Unfortunately, my colleague didn't notice this, and he was the one who had selected it and approved the bottle.  Second, after we were served our entrees, we asked for steak knives.  They could only scrounge up 2!  How can a steakhouse run out of steak knives?  I don't know, but they did.  Finally, I would have expected them to move the heaters around as they become available from tables being vacated, especially given how it was cold that night.  It wasn't until I mentioned it to one of the waiters that they made any effort to move them around.So, while a restaurant may have great food, the overall experience can be ruined by a lack of quality service from the staff.  So I give them only 3 stars out of 5.
5	Been to Morel's a couple of times now, always eating in the bar.  It's a warm and beautiful room that also has patio seating that overlooks the strip.  Food and drinks are very, very good.  Their bartenders are world class; better than almost all the dining room waiters I've had in Vegas (wouldn't know about Morel's dining room, though).  They are so knolwedgeable about both drinks and the restaurant's menu, and make it clear they're there to make you comfortable and have a good time.  The bartenders have never batted an eye to my special requests like different sauces or split plates.   Even the totally out of line complainer in my group last time had his perfectly good drink replaced no questions asked, just to make him happy.  Food recommendations?  Well, everything I've had so far has been great, like the mini beef wellington and artichoke, but I'd walk a thousand miles for the short rib sliders!
5	Brunch here was one of the most amazing meals of my life! It was SO incredible! Our waiter was the sweetest guy and I loved starting the meal with a bloody mary prepared for me table side :) The waiter used all of the perfect ingredients and even muddled the garlic in the bottom of the glass! I ended up adding a little bit of A1 to make this the best bloody mary ever. For food, the waiter gave great suggestions. The croque monsieur was insanely delicious and came with perfect french fries. The waiter brought out their homemade mayonnaise with truffles for french-fry dipping and it was perfect too. The crab eggs benedict was also insane. I usually don't like hollandaise sauce but this hollandaise was delicious. The crab meat was so succulent and perfect.Then, there was the special mac and cheese with blue cheese, truffles, and more. It was so rich and perfect! The restaurant is super classy and the sexy paintings on the wall are pretty cool too.I cannot wait to come back here and expect to visit during every future Vegas trip (which I expect will be a lot of trips! ;) )Thank you Morels for being UNBELIEVABLE!!!
5	Service was excellent.  Ambiance is nice.  There's outside dining too.  Wait staff seem very knowledgeable.  Decent wine list.  Impressive cheese list.Dinner started off with an amuse bouche of rib meat with red pepper cream on a crostini.  It was a good bite.For an entree, I had the filet mignon with bernaise sauce.  The filet was super tender and the bernaise sauce was incredible.  My only complaint is that the filet was cooked weird - it went from medium well on one end to medium rare on the other end. (I ordered it medium).  For a side, I had the truffle mac and cheese.  Hands down the best truffle mac and cheese I've ever had.  It was incredible.I will absolutely be eating here again.
4	Nice French Bistro...better than Bouchon at the Venetian.  Fantastic wine list...and open for lunch!  Huge plus!
5	I think that the brunch served in heaven must be made at Morels... and served by Dion! We came back to Morels for our third brunch and the third time was just as incredible as the first and second! Instead of our usual Bloody Mary's, I opted for the pot of Kenyan coffee and it was delicious! At Dion's suggestion, we started with the mussels which were, of course, great! Then, it was back to our croque monsieur and crab eggs benedict because we love them so much (the regular eggs benedict is pretty great too though!). Morels, I still can't believe you do brunch so well, EVERY TIME! :)
3	We ate at Morel's on a Sunday evening and had a great experience.  The service is excellent.  Our waiter was helpful and knowledgeable about the menu, but didn't hover.  We decided to order a cheese tray and let him pick various cheeses for us to try.  It was fantastic!  In fact, I would say that the cheese tray was one of the highlights of our meal there.  Everyone seemed happy with their entrees (braised short rib, salmon, filet mignon.)  We also ordered a couple of side dishes of the truffle macaroni and cheese.  (I didn't care for the flavor, but my guests seemed to like it.)Overall, it was a very good dining experience.  I am deducting a couple of stars because of the price.  Dinner for 4 (not including alcohol) was over $300.  The food was good but there are plenty of great restaurants in Vegas and I didn't feel like Morel's rises to the level of other restaurants in this price range  (e.g. Bradley Ogden at Caesar's, Picasso at Bellagio and Charlie Trotter at Palazzo).
3	3.5 stars for MorelsOur food was delish, save for my friends overcooked pork.  Service was a little slow at first but eventually it got better.  I enjoyed my meal but probably wouldn't return since there are so many other eating options in LV to try out.
2	COLORED ONLY: Sat in what felt like the minority section of the patio which was the secluded darkened desolate corner area. This area probably wouldn't have been so bad, but this area also doubled as the smoking section for a family of Russians who decided to come out for a smoke while we were eating...not "da harasho" for us. So if this didn't make you feel like you were in the "minority section", I guess the lack of space heaters would. Every other table had at least one/two space heaters in the vicinity, but we got ZERO on a slightly nipple chill'n' night. When we asked Roger our server for one, he just responded with an off-the-cuff response that there weren't any space heaters (we're out of propane/not working). This would have been slightly tolerable, if we had just popped in unexpectedly, but we had reservations well in advance because this was for a bachelor party (also our tables and chairs didn't match the rest). The only way this was rectified, was luckily for us a food runner named Tommy took the initiative and went into action and GOT US A SPACE HEATER. I'm glad he stepped up, otherwise we would have just gotten left in the cold. So why did we not get the attentive service we should have? Maybe our party looked young, and they didn't feel as though they had to go the extra distance, but whatever the reason, Roger didn't come through as he should have although I should say he was very professional in managing his ability to hold on to whatever tip he could hope for. Also his other assistant Mano (don't know the spelling) definitely did do a great job because he did most of the work (not a shock he was minority, haha). Of course, what should be said is that we were most likely just the recipients of bad service/management, but I throw it back to race and blame it on my  Filipino entourage.... Ok, all kidding aside, the moral of this story is that it's not necessarily race/discrimination, but sometimes its just crappy sub-par service whatever color you are.
4	Good service, uniquely prepared everything and quite tasty might I add.  The one thing that struck me as odd was before they seat you they have you wait in a lounge area, even when the restaurant is practically empty.
4	On our second visit to the Palazzo we decided to splash out on our last night in Vegas with dinner at Morels. We turned up in good time for our reservation and were shown to a remote corner of the restaurant with no view, even of the rest of the restaurant. We requested a move which was facilitated but I felt our waiter was unimpressed by our cheek. I was reminded of Steve Martin in LA Story 'Usual table, sir?' 'No, I'd like a good one, please'. However, after this shaky start, things improved greatly. The steaks were magnificent, done exactly to order and accompanied by a very acceptable Pinot Noir preceded by the obligatory Cosmopolitans. The bill, however, for three without dessert, was an eye-watering $350. Special occasions only unless you win big at the tables. Which we hadn't. Should be five stars but only gets four because of the indifferent service and relatively poor value for money.
4	Super friendly and attentive service, from the front desk, to the wait staff to the sommalier - they anticipated our very large group's every need.  And this was on a VERY busy Monday evening at NAB. The food was decent, although was a bit disappointed there was no grass fed meat on the menu at those prices.  Wine selection fantastic, we had a bottle of the Hansel Pinot (one of the few under $100) and it blew everyone away.  The Stonestreet Upper Barn Chardonney on the Som's recommendation was fantastic as well.  It's not too noisy so you don't have to yell to be heard or keep asking people to repeat themselves.  What else can I say, with all the options you have at the Venetian, you can't go wrong here.
2	I can add this to the list of places I'll never go again.  Palazzo was kind enough to offer us a free room and free dinner at Morels; it was an offer we couldn't refuse.  But, with mediocre food and terrible service, I'd rather pay.The decor of the place was nice, as was the Strip view.  We started off looking at their extensive wine list.  It read like our dream wine fridge!  Whoever put together that list certainly knows what they're doing. We ordered a bottle of champagne and a dozen oysters.  Here is where things go downhill...The oysters, while good (in fact, the kumomoto were excellent!), sat and warmed as we waited more than 10 minutes for the champagne.  To add insult to injury, no sommelier appeared to open our champagne.  We finally ordered from our special menu, which was quite limited. We knew this going in though and couldn't really complain since everything on the special menu was free.  We also ordered a great bottle of wine.At this point, we've ordered about $350 that is not covered by our deal, so we are by no means being cheap with our 'free' meal.  What appeared to be a sommelier came over to open the wine, but then never appeared again.  In addition to the poor wine service, one of the bussers piled our plates on top of each other on our table in front of us.  What kind of high end place does that? Oh yeah, more than once too.  The only saving grace was Jake, the Cheesemonger!  He came to the table, told us about the cheeses, asked us what we liked and decided on cheese for us.As for the food:-Cream of Cauliflower Soup: ok; It was scalding hot and a bit watery, for a cream soup.-Starting salad: Also just ok.-Steak Frites: Thin strip of overseasoned (but properly cooked) steak; it literally tasted like a ton of seasoned salt or something.  Frites had a nice flavor, but are just french fries. All the while we're waiting for someone to pour some wine or pour more champagne (since it was away from our table in an ice bucket).  Again, terrible service!-Jake returned with 5 cheese selections, with bread, dates, nuts, and fresh honeycomb.  He told us about all the cheese and provided signs for them so we wouldn't forget.  He was awesome!-Desserts were ok; Chocolate Dome was way too peanut buttery, but the  Creme Brulee Trio  was actually nice.Since we were celebrating my birthday, I did get a candle with two cookies. Nice gesture, but too late to salvage the evening.And the grand finale?  I went to the manager Sean, after paying the bill and not looking for any discount, etc. to tell him of the terrible service.  I started by complimenting the wine list and Jake the Cheesemonger.  Then I told him about the service and he responded by saying that they had too many reservations for the night.  He did mumble an apology but honestly did not seem sorry at all.  I was so dissatisfied with his response! I tried to complain to someone at the hotel as well and was told that they don't own the restaurant, but I should email a complaint anyway.Apparently no one at the restaurant or at Palazzo cares if people get bad service, even if they're spending hundreds of dollars.  Buyer beware!
2	Fine dining...not so much. We recently went for dinner with the theme being everything we picked was great and everything Morel provided was blah. The decor was light and bright with all of the windows to the strip. The TI pirate show would periodically erupt, so either you may find this really cool or a tacky touch. Either way it was not under their control. Our soup/salad, main course and desserts were comp'd, but I of course wanted more!!! We started with a dozen oysters and a bottle of champagne. The oysters were excellent, but wait, where the hell is my bubbly? It took an extra 10 minutes to get it, however it was also great (J Schram '99). They continued to be sub par, with our below average soup/salad and entrees. They also piled dishes on each other at the table (is this Denny's), the steak frites was closer to a salt lick, and that damn waiter teased us with our champagne just our of reach with our glasses empty. To numb the pain, and because I'm a big lush I ordered a bottle of wine (Shafer 1.5), again great. We ate about half of steaks and decided to get some of their cheeses. Ah, what a refreshing moment their cheese monger actually brought some fine dining experience. He knew his stuff and recommended some interesting cheeses with our preferences in mind. Finally dessert. At this point I just wanted my wife to get some sort of acknowledgment that it is her b-day and get me back out to that gambler's paradise. The dessert came with no acknowledgment. We finished dessert, and I was about to ask for our check when out came a candle on a plate. Too little too late. There are too many other restaurants in LV for me to go to. Morels is unfortunately off my list.
5	The dream team staff Steve, Clarence and Lantz made our experience at Morels 5+ stars. The evening started off horrible with Paul our original curt, rude waiter. We had enough sense to request a different waiter because of his horrible customer service skills. Thankfully the regional manager Kevin was there to save our evening and gave us our dream team wait staff. The food was amazing and our wait staff was incredibly friendly and gave us first class service. I can honestly say the fillet Mignon was the best steak I've ever eaten in my life! The mushrooms were delicious and everyone in my party was 100% satisfied with our food and service (once Paul was out of the pic). Kevin, Steve, Clarence and Lantz thank you so much for such a pleasant evening on our vacation.
3	Came here for lunch because I was craving French food on the last day I was in Vegas last time. And I wish I had gone during dinner so I could try more food!It was really empty since we were the first ones there for lunch. But service was still pretty slow throughout the entire meal. -1 star there. But I really enjoyed the food!Had the oysters for appetizer, very fresh and pretty fatty. For the main course, I had the Pan Sauteed Sole which was excellent. The accompaniment with the spinach, vegetables, and the SAUCE! Oh my gosh I think the sauce was what made the dish excellent (and of course the fish was perfectly cooked so it's very tender). My sister had the steak frites which I thought was great too. She thought it was too well-done and even though I agree with her, the taste was great and because it was a thin steak that it wasn't too tough. Overall I liked the food and I will definitely return just for the sole if I'm craving for fish. But it's not one of the must. I would probably invest my time in another French restaurant in Vegas. Honestly speaking.. the price for the food and the quality you get might not be equal. So another -1 star there.
4	A nice airy room with a steakhouse feel without the heavy clubiness of many versions of the carnivores palace. Lunch. Unplanned. Desperate for food before noon and wanting something other than Italian or new American. Default to Morel's since we were staying at the Palazzo.  A steakhouse, a French steakhouse. No expectations and not wanting steak.   Could be a disastrous choice. But French star chef cannot be too bad a choice.  Bouchon made us beleivers in French with American sensibilities. Not seeking an experience, just lunch.   She had the Slow Roasted Turkey Club and I was torn between 2 choices: Seafood Fettucini(me not wanting Italian but a sucker for anything seafood) or the Pork and Veal Meatloof. Our waiter said the Meatloaf for sure.  Done.   A paired glass of red, chosen by our server again.   A sandwich is a sandwich. But this one was memorable in its taste, freshness and the play of ingredients. The bread, Campagne , sliced thin was just the right handle and carb. Meatloaf is meatloaf.  Ground meat. Simple.  Well Morel's creation was a revelation. Texture, taste, finess of flavours accompanied by silky Youkon Gold Potato Puree aka mashers.   Wow.  If you do ketchup with meatloaf this one doesnot need any condiments to make it sing.How the simple, unassuming plates are done speaks volumes of the chef's ability. Nothing overdone. Just ordinary crafted into extraordinary.Trusting our server  who could have suggested the higher priced Fettucini and any possible higher priced glass of wine, gives me confidence in a 2nd visit.Unplanned, no expectations often rewards with a new discovery that must be renewed on another visit.
3	Went there for lunch and I maybe shouldn't have picked the soft shell crab BLTA because it just tasted "meh". Not sure what I was expecting. It wasn't bad, but it's not like the greatest thing on Earth. Surely not $16 or whatever worth. I probably should have picked the mussels or anything else.On the other hand, the bread was great especially with the whipped butter. Then again, what doesn't butter make better?
5	Wow, I love this place.  Loved it so much I went there one night for dinner, and the next day for lunch.  In a town with so many food choices, that's saying a lot. Prices are very reasonable considering the quality of the food.  Wait staff was impeccable.  Dinner:  1/2-dozen oysters, escargot, & French onion soup.  Oh la la.Lunch:  Croque monsieur with the salad.  Mon dieu!  I can't wait to return.  Never thought I'd like the place so much!
4	Morels French Steakhouse & Bistro - A HaikuLike NapoleonSurrender to the RibeyeDon't forget the wineAs with my previous reviews of other Vegas restaurants, please remember that most everything in this town is priced 10 to 1000 times what it should cost anywhere else in America. If your not ready for that, maybe Branson is more your style. On to the Review!On any occasion necessitating a gathering of men in Sin City, the "Steak Night" is usually the highlight of the trip. Its a right of passage for Gentlemen of Means. Red Wine and Red Meat. This trip was no different. The meal began with a knowledgeable staff taking us on a tour of Australian vineyards. 3 bottles to be exact. Each complimenting a different portion of the meal. All 3 . . . EXCELLENT. Morels is a la cart (like any fine steakhouse should be). For a man there is only 1 cut of meat that you are allowed to eat. That is a ribeye. Morels had several different rib-eyes. I went with the grass fed. It was excellent. I had it medium (as any man should do). The table split 6 different sides, my absolute favorite being the Truffle Macaroni and Cheese. It was very good. My lease favorite was the mashed potatoes. They were simply average. I concluded the meal with a cappuccino, some sambuca and the profiteroles. All delicious. I don't want to take anything away from Morels. It was an excellent meal. Its just that for a Las Vegas steakhouse I expected more. There was nothing that made this place shine above several of the other places I have eaten. When you get together with your friends once every few years you expect the best. And this place is slightly below the best.
3	I had the petite filet, as did my husband, which was good.  However, I thought the food was a bit overpriced.  If you're interested in cheese and french cuisine, it may be perfect.  If you're interested in a filet or a cut of meat, probably best to go elsewhere.The ambiance and decor, however, was fabulous.  Beautiful view of the strip.
2	My co-workers and I are in Vegas on a business trip; two of us are foodies. All of us really wanted a good steak, so we researched our options and decided on Morel's. Not being Vegas neophytes we didn't expect prices to be inexpensive, but info online indicated a good steak for $35 - $50. We arrive around 8PM and are seated promptly. We are greeted right away and our waiter, Paul, was all over us pushing us to order right away. As we're reviewing the menu and prices, plus the cheese list, we figure out that the steaks start at $55 and go up from there. Guess you can't believe everything on the Net.  We ordered cheese so we could decide what else to have and ordered drinks. The drinks took a while to arrive; our waiter, who a short time before had been all over us trying to get us to order, now seemed to have no time for us, even though the dining room was not even 1/3 full.Soon, a party of about 10 businessmen is seated near us. We three women become invisible. A dining experience that started off a little odd went thoroughly downhill from there. We weren't expense-account businesspeople, didn't order lots of very expensive wine and cocktails, didn't order expensive steaks. Having been in the business, I know how waiters think:  3 women, not spending much = poor tip. Paul:  your tip would have been great had you not decided that we weren't worth your time.We ordered a drink that never came, waited an hour for entrees, had empty beer bottles on our table - certainly not service that lived up to the high prices. I complained to Paul the waiter, who then declined to look at us again until time to drop the check. He did send the manager over who apologized, comped a round of drinks and bought dessert. In the meantime, entrees arrive, and the salmon entree one of us ordered was inedible. So we sent it back and declined to re-order, figuring it would take another hour and 1/2 for any more food to arrive. Paul the waiter decided he could talk to us again after the manager gave us dessert and more drinks, but by then the damage was done.Folks, I give this one a "don't even bother". Anyplace would have had better service, better food and somewhat less stratespheric prices. What a disappointment.
4	I had a great time here. We were trying to go to Wolfgang's CUT, but that didn't happen so this place became plan B. Once I got here I was impressed by the charcuterie and the cheese selection so we went on the suggestions of the waiter and he didn't let us down! I especially like the fresh baked bread that came with the cheese. Note the uploaded photo so you can see what we tried. From there I went with the 22 ounce dry aged rib eye. When that steak arrived with the sides of green asparagus and pom frites (shoe string fries), I was not disappointed. They cooked the steak perfectly (for me) and I made a valiant effort to conquer the steak. It was the cheeses that undid me. If I just avoided the appetizers (or get a smaller steak!) I would have been able to down everything. I was also thinking that one could theoretically come here just for cheeses and meats! I really enjoyed the food here and appreciated the knowledge of the waiters.
2	My friends and I were staying at the Palazzo and wanted to go to some place for a nice lunch. Morel's seemed to fit the bill. It has great reviews and the price doesn't seem that bad. The restaurant itself was really nice, with a nice lounge area, a patio, and paintings of naked people in a bright naturally lit room. A few of us got burgers or sandwiches. But none of them were particularly impressed. I asked the server for a recommendation and he recommended the Pork Milanese. It was a HUGE thin cut pork chop. It had a nice crust, but kind of bland. After about 2/3 of it, I got tired of the flavor monotony and just gave up.Pro-tip: It seems that the high reviews were from people that ordered the steaks. Maybe we should have followed suit.
2	I had never tried a French Steakhouse/Bistro so I was excited to go to Morels.  The suite that we had booked at the Palazzo came with a 20% off brunch, lunch, or dinner at Morels and we figured that we would try it.  Honestly, I was less than pleased with my experience.From the get-go, it was bad.  The hostesses were a little brusque and seemed disinterested in seating us even though the restaurant was virtually empty.  She even tried to seat us at a table directly facing the incoming sunlight instead of moving us to a booth in a further location away from the glare.  We had to ask her to move us and she sighed, implying that it was a hard thing to ask of her.  It was extremely frustrating.The wait staff was nicer and were very accommodating to our complete ignorance of their menu and specialty cheese.  I ordered the chef's special short-rib ($52) and the rest of my table had a gran plateau ($145!!!), which is a whole assortment of the "chilled seafood."  This included ceviche, shrimp, oysters, 1/2 a dungeonous crab, and a lobster.  Frankly, the food was alright but definitely below my expectations, especially for the prices they were charging!   The short rib was tender but something I could have cooked at home.  Nothing very special.  And the chilled seafood tasted as if the seafood had been sitting in the freezer for a while.  Again, not all that special.Overall, the food and price was not good.The decor did not salvage this place either.  There was no harmony to the place.  The blue and gray theme gave an air of depression and the lighting was less than perfect.  The booths' hanging lights were very classy and appropriate, but the lights outside of the booths were morose and in a dark washed cherry wood.  It clashed horribly since half the restaurant was themed modernly and the other half was Victorian/classic.  Though it was an experience, I don't think I'd recommend this place to anyone.
4	As our second choice for dinner of the evening, I am glad we changed our minds and came here instead. 9 beautiful, charming ladies walk in for 8:00 pm reservations and are promptly seated 25 minutes early (yay!) at a large round table by the window. Our server, friendly and attentive, gave us several delicious fromage recommendations to accompany our charcuterie platter.Four of us decided to share our meals, of which we decided on the Petit Cut Filet Mignon, the Bone In "Eye" of the Rib Eye Steak, the Halibut special, and Seafood linguine, with sides of truffle mac & cheese and sauteed green beans in foie gras butter. Everything was so delicious and we weren't even able to finish it all. The meats were tender and flavorful while the seafood was fresh and very delicate in texture and taste. The accompaniments were rich and ever so buttery good. I ate more than I should have and was very happy to be wearing my non-form fitting dress that evening. At $86 per person, for one cocktail, appetizers, and one meal per person, split 8 ways for 9 girls is not bad at all. The food was heaven, the dining experience was enjoyable and what locked in our 'large party' reservation was that we weren't subject to a pre-fixe menu, just because our group was larger than 6 people. Morels was friendly, personable, accommodating and lent their establishment to us for a great meal. I would come back for a second visit for sure.
5	To kick off the night of bachelorette festivities for my friend, our party of nine made our way to Morels French Steakhouse & Bistro.  The venue is beautiful with all its rich wood, and a little riske with its tastefully provocative wall art.  The wait staff was excellent!  They dedicated three servers for our table to ensure are glasses were always food and our palates content with their amazing food!I tried the following:-Cheese and meat sampler platter-Petit Cut Filet Mignon-The Bone In "Eye" of the Rib Eye Steak-The Halibut special-Seafood linguine-Truffle Mac & Cheese-Sauteed green beans in foie gras butterOk, if this isn't food heaven, then I don't know what is.  Everything tastes as it should - tender, flaky, cheesy, rich, el dente, and 100% satisfying.  Thank goodness I didn't burst at the seams after this meal.  I will definitely be coming back.
2	We were staying at the Venetian and my husband wanted to got to a nice steakhouse. It was a choice between here and Cut. We chose is place because they offer a 20% discount for hotel guests. I ordered the chicken for dinner and my husband ordered a grass fed rib eye. My chicken was delicious, but it came with fingerling potatoes that were very bland. All in all I don't think my chicken was worth $30, but it was pretty tasty. We also tried the truffle Mac and cheese and I thought it was not good at all. The rib eye was very tender and yummy. But the sides all come a la carte and the $10 mashed potatoes my husband ordered tasted like pre made microwave food! The wait staff was extremely friendly and willing to accommodate us. But the water glasses smelled like egg. All in all, it was an ok place but not really worth the price, I would probably not go back
3	3.5 starsSince we were staying at the Palazzo, we decided to eat dinner at Morels before heading out for the night. It's nice to be able to get dolled up and arrive at the restaurant without having to take a taxi (especially since it was about 100 degree outside!!). We started off with a cheese platter. We told the self proclaimed cheese monger the various cheeses that we liked and he brought out a selection of 6 cheeses that he thought would match our tastes. I actually only liked 1 of the cheeses - it tasted like parmigiano reggiano (LOVE). However, everybody else at my table seemed to love the cheeses. As for our entrees, we decided to share multiple dishes, family-style. We ordered the halibut, filet, bone-in ribeye, the linguine special and a side of truffle mac and cheese. My favorites were the linguine and mac and cheese, of course, as I am carb lover extraordinaire. The halibut was well cooked, but lacking in flavor and the steaks were comparable to say.. a Ruth's Chris, with a 20% mark-up.All in all, good meal with great company. I love how my girls can eat a big steak dinner before going clubbing. That's how we roll.
5	I've eaten here twice, once for breakfast & once for lunch.  Both times the food was exceptional & of high quality.   The service is impeccable & everything without question is absolutely delicious!
2	"Morels" should change their name to "Lessels."  If you like tiny servings of just average items, then this is up your alleyThe only thing "more" about the place are the huge paintings of people cuddling (which I, as a self proclaimed Art Guru will give the artist a B+) the outrageous wine by the glass $$ screw over tactic, and the snooty overall feel of the place. Can't you just feel that sometimes? Lord ya can sense it.  Why don't I trust myself knowing that I am going to get sticker ass shocked in the end.? $50.00, yes...FIFTY dollars a glass for a stingy-ass pour of GD Merlot.  Good grief!I liked the cheese thing, but honestly? I was expecting something for dinner that would make my senses perk.  The only thing that perked was my ass when I got the check.Sorry chef what's your name but a course at the CIA just might be in order, and re-address the food portion.  Frankly, there are other choices in Vegas that are a far better deal for the wallet and the palette..
5	I love this place so much.  The ambiance, decor and service are luxurious.  I am always amazed with the service - impeccable is the word.  They are on top of it and attentive, without hovering, polite, quiet, and charming.  One of my favorite things to experience here is the "fromages" course.  They have an beautiful cheese menu that you may order a selection from and they give you some wonderful accouterments, such as honeycomb, fig compote and soft breads.  Last time I visited we had our server pick a selection for us based off our interests and he did a fabulous job, it was such a fun experience.  The french onion soup is the best I have had anywhere and their croque monsieur is to die for.  I have attended lunch several times, and I have appreciated the fact that the restaurant was not loud or boisterous and not too packed.  It is always a pleasure to eat at Morels...
3	I've dined here on a few occasions. Lunch has been fantastic! We had Croque Monsieur and Quiche Lorraine.  Dinner has been hit or miss, I suggest sticking with the steaks - the porterhouse for two was great. Haven't had much luck with the seafood or other red meats. Don't miss the cheese plates, they're excellent anytime.
2	Don't waste your time on this place. I will say the patio was cool- you can see the fireworks from TI tableside. It is romantic, but it took FOREVER to get a RAW steak. We had to wait 15 minutes just for 2 for drinks! Medium Rare does not mean raw. We should have sent this back but were in a hurry to get to a show. No wonder there was no wait at 9pm on a Saturday night. There's just way to many places to go that are better quality. They did a fun table-side salad presentation. That was probably the highlight of the meal sadly. Go to Cut instead. It's only a few steps away. This place needs some work.P.S. I don't get the French or the Bistro?!
4	We had just checked in and took a chance and were pleasantly surprised! The tartare very nice, soft shell crab too breast but the seared fois gras very yummy! The mixologist did a very nice cucumber martini with a cucumber vodka, hit the spot!
4	The steak here is solid.  I had the grass-fed 14 oz. ribeye which was outstanding.  They cooked it medium-rare just as I asked, with minimal fat stranding around it.  It was evenly seasoned, with a small scooplet of butter sitting on top, and was true to size.I also recommend the sauteed seasonal mushrooms, and both the beet salad and the papaya salad.Minus 1 star for the hostess who, after initially trying to seat the 4 of us in a far corner of the dining area, was surprisingly hesistant when we requested to sit closer to the French doors -- and, therefore, the sunlight.  We went on a Monday evening so the place was almost empty, yet she was still reluctant.  After a few minutes she finally said ok but still wouldn't sit us quite where we requested.  Bizarre.
4	I'm going to drop this place 4 stars instead of the 3 I really feel that they deserve, because I'm biased... And for 2 reasons. But I'll start by saying, my steak was nicely marbled, and cooked properly, their fries were very nice as well, and the salad was lightly tossed in a vinaigrette and not overly drenched in the stuff.  Service, while pleasant, resistant to the idea that, I don't want fucking potato salad with this cut of meat, I would like fries... Don't ASK the chef, tell him that's what I would prefer - and he'll do it regardless of how much he hates the idea.  So, based on all of the above, I'd have given them 3 stars.BUTFirstly: They have, what might possibly the best cheese selection in Vegas.  My doctor hates and loves this place for me... I'm turning 30 soon, and he tells me I should take in more calcium in my diet to help my bones finish their structure properly.  Most people drink milk - I eat ooey, gooey, smelly, stinky cheese to fulfill this request of his.  Unfortunately, it's going to give me high cholesterol when I finally get the blood test he's been asking me to get for the past 3 years.Secondly:  They have a fantastic beer selection.  I've been to quite a few places in Vegas, but this place seems to have the best selection in beer. AND they don't have Bud Light on the menu THANK GOD - A serious beer menu for a serious beer drinker. They do have a hole in the menu that, could be filled (the Sommelier agreed - And he wrote the menu) for a Porter.  But all in all, if you like beer (anything with "light" or "lite" in the name isn't beer... It's alcoholic soda water - Grow up and have something flavorful) go here for a round or two at the bar.
2	This place was so-so from start to finish with two things that drop this place from a three-star to a two-star.The first part was the service was very slow or at least our waiter was. His name was Jesus and he came over and introduced himself and took drink orders to start. The problem was he brought back the wrong drink for me, and his 5 oz pours were very stingy for the rest of my party. He told my gf that the beer she wanted they did not have and so he said he would get something else. We did not see him for another fifteen minutes and so we just grabbed another waiter who I asked to get me to get a different drink and order one for my gf. Also he took our orders. Jesus only showed after we got our new drinks.Secondly, why this is a two instead of a three is the price. When I buy a $60 stake I want to know I'm eating a sixty dollar steak and sadly it was not up to that standard. If I paid $20 for it I think this place would deserve a three but for that price I was not blown away.Overall, this place is so-so, and for the price you can find something that you will absolutely love some place else in vegas.
3	Soo...I was super excited to try this place and am sad to say that I feel I am being pretty generous with the three stars. However, I felt that the outdoor patio was pure bliss after my almost four hour flight from Chicago.  It was quiet, shady and had a nice view. That allows Morels to have three stars just by itself (coming from Chicago....a nice patio that allows me some outside time is so important!).Food-  My croque madame was very good.  Not as good as the one at Bouchon at Venetian, but the frites (fries) were a bit better than Mon Ami Gabi (Paris) because they were larger.  No baguette upon being seated like Mon Ami Gabi....boo.  Also, a gentleman brought three tables worth of entrees out at the same time on a cart.  Lucky, lucky, lucky for me, my table was first.  However, I am wondering if the food was starting to get cold by the time he got to serving table three from his cart!Wine-  I was seated for lunch without a menu for wine.  I finally flagged down the busser, who gave me the wine menu and explained which pages I should look at for wines by the glass.  I felt the amount of wine that I got for $13 was ridiculous.  I think it said it was a 5 ounce pour.  It was stingy.  Service-Now.....you may be wondering why I had to flag down the busser for a wine menu.  Well, I was waiting for my server for 15 minutes to greet me (this seems to be a regular problem for me recently).  The busser and man who brought my sandwich were both helpful, but I feel that my actual server was not very attentive.  Will I return?  This is a good question.  Bouchon and Mon Ami Gabi are both better French dining options.  However, the patio was so relaxing after my flight, I may give this place another try.
3	This is the second time I've been to Morel's the first time was a long time ago in LA. The Morel's in Vegas is very good for a lunch on the patio. I was really craving a steak so we got a skirt steak with a salad that was very delicious. Lastly, we also had the fried prawns. The downside to ordering all this food is that they give you CHUNKS of friends! We ended up taking a whole box full of fries home that were mediocre.I honestly enjoyed the salad most. IT was light and pleasantly dressed. The steak was very flavorful and provided a distinct flavor. My least favorite was the prawns. It tasted like it was dunked in oil and were left to sit without trying to damp the oil out of the prawn.
3	Had brunch here the day after Society Cafe.  Since still dreaming of the Oscar Benedict there, I thought I'll give the Crab Oscar Benedict here a try.  Not bad tasting but it was just crab meat included in the benedict, unlike the crab cake at Society Cafe.  Also had the special salad of the day.  Mixed greens with watermelons.  The watermelons were outstandingly refreshing with a hint of vinaigrette.  Other diners ordered steak and eggs; smelled delicious, looked good.Excellent service, very attentive staff.
5	OK, I could be biased for the fact that I didn't pay for the meal.  Not even tips.  This was an award dinner hosted by Venetian as part of a promo event I attended last weekend.  I almost didn't bother coming because I was still so full from lunch.  But I am so glad I made it.  They had opened the back section of the restaurant for the participants.  We sat wherever we could find seats at.  It wasn't that crowded so we found 2 empty seats across from another couple.  We could basically order any drinks we wanted including wine, but since I don't drink (yeah, what a shame!), I ordered a lemonade and my fiance ordered a diet coke.  We were handed a pre-fixe menu with a choice of Entree for either Filet Mignon or Salmon.  First course was BIBB LETTUCE & CRAB SALAD with Orange & Tarragon Vinaigrette. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/O_C-2kZMHGnq3ZDL_OaG6Q?select=-_AYLlBo9zLgLEQqgaon_A The dressing was really light.  It was good not great.  Second course I had the CRISPY SKIN SCOTTISH SALMON - Petite Pois, Parisian Potatoes, Chanterelle, Lardons, Red Wine Reduction. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/O_C-2kZMHGnq3ZDL_OaG6Q?select=6NnnhNAVFL83PlN4cXTCjw The salmon was melt in your mouth tender.  Even though I was not a bit hungry, I had to finish this delicious piece of fish!  My fiance had Petit Cut Filet Mignon (8 oz) with Roasted Rosemary Potatoes, Fricassee of Baby Turnips, Onions & Carrots, Sauce Bordelaise.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/O_C-2kZMHGnq3ZDL_OaG6Q?select=VwXEEeOnSomAksNdTVuBZg  It  was cooked to perfection and also very tender.  For dessert, we all got Creme Brulee.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/O_C-2kZMHGnq3ZDL_OaG6Q?select=NAP9J7iL3IaBGF19hEi-9w Normally I don't care for creme brulee and I was really bumped that there was no other choice.  But one bite of it I was in heaven.  The top was crispy and the inside was so creamy.  Definitely one of the best Creme Brulee I've ever had.  I have no idea how much the meal would have cost us if we had to pay.  I was able to find the price for the salad at $19.  Filet Mignon at $53, and Salmon at $33.  I'd say the price is average for a restaurant like this in Vegas.  For now, I'm giving this place 5 stars.  Because the food was great, the service was great, and best of all - it was free!
4	Went for dinner on a Saturday night.  The service was excellent - friendly, professional and prompt.  The cocktails were excellent and at $10/drink about average price.The short rib was amazingly tender and deliciously flavored.The haddock was cooked perfectly and also delicious.Highly recommend the Las Vegas branch of Morels.
4	Morels is in the Palazzo, which is one of the nicest resorts in Las Vegas. My friends and I went for dinner and it was a very pleasant experience. The decor was a bit generic for me, considering it's such a pricy restaurant, but the service and food were excellent.Try the: 18-hour braised short rib.
3	I thought the food was great, but my filet was overcooked. If I'm paying $60 for a steak, I do expect it to be cooked as a requested. I asked for medium but got somewhere in between medium well and well done.  Besides this though, the service was excellent, the atmosphere was great, and the sides were fantastic.
3	I really expected more from Morels, but my final verdict is that it is just average.  And given its location, one would expect, at the very least, anything BUT mediocre.  The best part about Morels in the location and the view of the Strip.  The service is commendable.  Other than that, the food isn't anything to write home about.  The salad and appetizers were forgettable.  I had the filet mignon and ordered it medium, but when it arrived, it was practically mooing on my plate.  And I wasn't the only one who had the same problem.  3 other people in my party cut into their steaks, only to find it severely undercooked.  In short, if you're looking for a memorable upscale dining experience, there are plenty of other restaurants in the Palazzo and Venetian where you'll actually get your money's worth.
4	Came here for Sunday brunch. It's a nice restaurant, and we were able to actually sit outside while we ate. The food was very good, if somewhat on the small portion size. I had the croque and my husband had the crab oscar benedict. Wish we had the chance to come here for dinner.
4	We went for the Sunday brunch today and it was our second time to this restaurant.  I ordered the Crab Oscar Benedict with the Citris Hollandaise sauce on the side.  Hubby ordered the Fish and Chips.  The  Benedict was very tasty although it could have used more crab in it for the money we paid.  The hollandaise sauce was not the usual as per it's name it had a delicious citric flavor.  The hubby's fish and chips were okay, not the greatest but not that bad.The 3 cheese appetizer with the honeycomb and date nut spread was outstanding.   There was over 20 cheese to pick from and the presentation was beautiful. The waiter was very helpful in selection of the cheeses.Hubby's ice tea was fresh but for a more upscale restaurant, they should have kept refilling it as he had to ask a couple of times for more.All in all, we would come back.
3	We went here for Thanksgiving dinner. The only thing impressive about it was our waiter. Alphonso gave us great service and his full attention. It's probably not the best night to dine out. However, I was not impressed by any of the food. We shared porterhouse for two and as the rest was nothing special. I can't say the food was bad, just average and boring. Except the creamed corn My husband thought it was the best thing he's ever eaten. Asparagus was cold and tasteless.Would never go back.
5	i have a diner last night with my friends, to start we order the grand plateau de mar,   fresh hock oysters, crab, lobster, jumbo shrimp, and the sauces, oh my good delicious, for dinner i order the special , rib eye with mash potatoes and half of a main lobster, the meat so tender and the lobster, cooked to perfection, we have a nice bottle of red wine, bordeaux,  they have a huge selection on french wines, and very affordable, our dinner was the best and tanks to our waiter, mr  lois, very nice guy i will recommend this place to go and have dinner and after go to a night club ************
5	Never say never, apparently.  I'll put this back on a list of places I'll go again and a place that you should go.  Under new general management!!!4ish stars for food/atmosphere/etc.5 stars for serviceFull disclosure: this was the "let us make it up to you meal."  Constantin, the new general manager, saw my review on Yelp and contacted me to apologize for my terrible experience (the first true apology I received, mind you) and wanted us to come back so he could make it up to us and show us how Morels has changed.  He seemed very earnest and I'm fairly open minded, so off to Morels we were!Constantin came right over after we were seated to say hello and thank us for trying them out again.  He briefly explained the menu he had planned for us and introduced Matt, our server.  Honestly, Matt seemed a bit nervous at first; I think he was concerned that we were super snotty or something, but after we chatted him up, he calmed down quite a bit and opened up a lot.  He was a good server and a cool guy! On to the food:Amuse Bouche: Fresh Crab Salad on a homemade truffle potato chip.  Crab was excellent and the mixes of textures and salty/savory was great!Oysters: Yummy Kumamotos; super good, as would be expected.(There are wine/champagne pairings in here, but I dont recall what they were; they matched wonderfully though!)Appetizer: Chef's Prime Beef Tenderloin Tartar: omg so good!  The quail egg and truffle chips were an excellent complement to the quality beef. I normally wouldn't order beef tartar, but I would order this again!Iron Cast Roasted Branzino: I was very impressed with this dish.  I'm not a huge cooked fish person, but I recently tried the branzino at Angelini Osteria in Los Angeles.  Angelini is a favorite of mine but I only tried the fish because Wolfgang Puck praised it on Best Thing I Ever Ate.  It was alright.  The branzino here at Morels was so good; cooked perfectly, nicely moist, and served with a nice beurre blanc.  Petite Cut Filet: Pretty good.  I enjoyed the quality of the meat and the preparation.  There is an interesting cumin-based rub they use that might scare off some diners; I liked it but it did overpower some bites for sure.Our favorite cheesemonger, Jake (who is now a server) came by to see if we had any preferences and proceeded to hook us up with some amazing cheese.  Matt then had the gall to bring us dessert!!! I can't recall the name but it had some fresh fruit and a meringue mixture.  I'm not doing it justice, but it was a nice bite or so. I was far too full!Before he left for the night, Constantin came to check on us one more time.  He was the consummate gentleman and totally made up for our previous experience.  While I 100% stand by my previous review, I'm sorry that we experienced Morels at such a down point (with the previous manager) and thought so poorly of the restaurant for so long.  Thanks Matt for being a great server! And, thank you to Constantin for having faith in us as customers to know good service and food when we see it.  We're very excited to go back!
5	Third time here, still great! Tartare to die for, steak skewers great and of course awesome cucumber martini!
5	We gave Morels another chance based on a new general manager contacting us and asking us to come back and try them again. The experience was like night and day. We had a full tasting menu with wine which gave us a much broader view of what Morels had to offer. Some of the highlights were the Chef's Prime Beef Tenderloin Tartar and the Roasted Branzino. I love quail eggs and paired with the truffle chips the beef just popped with flavor.  The Branzino was cooked perfectly. It was moist and had multiple layers of flavor with the skin intact. Of course the oysters and cheese selection is second to none. Both were great again and I would go back for that alone. Our service was much improved and again it felt like a completely different experience than before. I love to see a place take our experiences and reviews seriously. If more restaurants took the lead like the new general manager they would truly start to understand their customers. I did not think a restuarant could change my opinion, but Morel's you have gained a customer back.
4	I wish that I could tell you how me and two girl friends wound up in this empty restaurant at 10am on New Year's Day. Walking through the Venetian and Palazzo we became very antsy to settle down somewhere as just about every place didn't fit the bill for our brunch cravings. Call it frustration but we ended up settling at Morels and knew that we had made a good decision once our waiter showed up. An older gentleman, he was very entertaining and started joking with us on the spot. We ordered up mimosas and a Bloody Mary that was made on a cart right in front of our table.For my meal, I went for the Crab Oscar Benedict that lacked a bit of a special kick but I managed to finish every last bite. My friends enjoyed their steak and eggs and turkey club served alongside pommes frites. While it was probably more of an elaborate meal than we needed, it was quite funny to look back on. I'm sure this place is a bit more crowded at night time when the ambiance provides a elegant backdrop to a night out in Vegas. But I'm almost happy when that we came at a less popular time so that we could take in our waiter's company and cause a bit of a scene without being judged.
5	The desserts are delightful. I forget the name, but they look like bite sized chef hats with a creamy toasted filling. My dinner was lovely as well; I believed it had jicama and I have never tasted it so sweet. It was a party of five for my parents and two little brothers who are 3 and 8. They enjoyed the table because I believe you were able to doodle on them (kids love doodle-able tables). Definitely a vegas' finest
1	The service was horrendous and the place was maybe 50-60% full the night i went. The server seemed to be on his first day, which is not a negative reflection of him, or the restaurant, but he still seemed confused about the menu. One couple in the restaurant actually left before they got their food, due to the poor service.I ordered a prime rib, but I am certain they brought me out a new york strip, even after the server tried to explain it away that it was a prime rib. Not a tremendous deal, but the steak was mediocre. Nothing special at all.One positive was that the bread was very good.I would never return and I would never recommend it. Especially with all the other options in the Palazzo and Las Vegas as a whole.
5	I absolutely LOVED this place!!!   Our waiter was incredibly friendly and helpful.  The bottle of wine we had was delicious.  The chicken pallaird I ordered on a bed of spinach was absolutely mouth watering.  To finish the meal, I ordered the creme brulee dessert.  It should have been shared with others but we each had ordered our own dessert.  The pistachio cream brulee out of the three was my favorite!
3	A bit disappointing. Came for breakfast, which is significantly promoted. Ordered the American Breakfast that includes 2 eggs, potatoes, bacon, toast and coffee.  For $22 !All was prepared fine and tasted fine, but it's not breakfast service. For starts they only give you one little slice of thin toast (cut in two). Asked for a second slice and they charged $2.50.  By the time it came out, I had finished - they still charged. No salt and pepper on the table. Ok for other meals, but for breakfast they should be on the table. No butter, no jam. Probably good for there meals ... Go elsewhere for breakfast.
4	Dined for Brunch to celebrate my Mother's 85th birthday.  Party of five, on Superbowl Saturday.  The food was wonderful, two of us had omlettes, two had country breakfast and one had steak frittes.  Also had a bottle of Champagne and the fried shrimp as an appetizer.  Loved EVERYTHING.  Minor issues with service (forgot appetizer plates, didn't bring condiments with meal) but problems quickly rectified.  Met the General Manager Constantin who genuinely cares about your experience in my view.  Don't let the uneven reviews regarding the service deter you from trying this place.  The food is definitely worth a visit and if you order a cocktail or a nice bottle of wine (very reasonably priced I might add) ... We get to Vegas fairly regularly, and will definitely be back.
4	My second visit was MUCH better than the first.  The General Manager /staff/server made every effort to make sure we had a wonderful brunch for my mother in laws 85th birthday.  I will say that the General Manager contacted me after my first yelp review and told me to contact him when in town to give the restaurant another try.  As a small business owner, I was totally impressed with this personal touch.  It also resulted in a very pleasant second meal at Morels.  We dined inside on this visit, and that was a very pleasant experience.  Nice, crisp, clean dining room with lovely paintings (of a sexual nature!) on the walls.  It was relaxing and enjoyable.My husband and I shared the fried prawns, and they were DELICIOUS!  I loved the basil dip that came with it and saved it to go with my frites.  YUMM.  I ordered the steak frites, which was very good....even better with the dip (or pistou as the menu calls it).  We had a lovely bottle of champagne to celebrate our great meal.I will happily return in September for brunch when I am at my yearly conference in Vegas.
4	Had a wonderful experience here! Enjoyed brunch on the patio overlooking the Strip. Started off with a Bloody Mary that they made for me table side and just the way I like it...SPICY!For my meal, I ordered the Smoked Salmon Flatbread...and let me tell you it was the most delish thing I have had in a long time. It was was so huge it was basically the size of the plate. I enjoyed this breakfast so much, I went back the next day just so I could order the same thing....YUMMY!
4	The decor is very classic, and the black chandeliers are so seductive! The service was great, and I was pleasantly surprised by the portion sizes. I ordered the Turkey Club sandwich, and was not disappointed. My bacon... a piggy of perfection!!Quick Tip: You can enjoy 20% breakfast, brunch, or lunch from a discount card in your room if you stay at The Palazzo :)
2	The quality of food was fair. Salami was old and rubbery. The service was very sub-standard. Slow service combined with missing food items, non responsiveness, and poor etiquette.   The LA Morels is far superior.
3	Brunch was good, BUT...They should take down the pictures of pancakes they advertise all over the Palazzo if they only serve them for breakfast Monday through Friday! Those pancakes look amazing, and you will not find them here for weekend brunch. Mind you, the french toast is really good, but still...Sausage is AWFUL, not sure what is going on there. Orange juice does not taste fresh squeezed, which I'd expect from a place like this. Hmmm.Overall, though, good enough, just not great - bolstered by views and surroundings.
4	Quiet at brunch but the food, coffee, and service were above average. My girlfriend liked it even more than I did.French toast with banana and mascarpone on brioche was excellent and well presented.Crap benedict would have been perfect if the crab flavors came out a little more. I would order it again. Maybe try the traditional benedict.Coffee - From Rwanda. Very good!Prices weren't obscene. $18 a plate. $5 coffee...OH! I didn't try it because I saw it on the way out, but they have a bloody mary cart the waiter can bring buy and create to taste. Gonna try it next time.Went back for a snack later in the day. The ceviche tased like rubber fish/shrimp in salsa w/ sage (wtf?). But the oysters, cheese, wine and service all rocked!
3	Huge meh for this place.  It's not bad by a longshot.  But if you're gonna go French Bistro you should go to Bouchon for the same price.  Was fairly unimpressed with their salami and cheese appetizer dish.  Bread was meh.We got the Croque Monsieur and an omelette.  I hate to say it but...meh.If you don't want to walk to another restaurant go ahead and eat here?
3	I've gone here a few times since my fiance seems to really like this place (and we also like the Morels in LA).  Don't get me wrong, the food is pretty good but for the price I think next time I'm suggesting we try another place like Bouchon.  My fiance surprised me with a 24-hr Vegas trip this weekend for my birthday (she gets 5 stars!).  We got into town at about 3pm and by the time we stopped at a store to buy liquor (including an alcohol infused whip cream) and check into our hotel is was about 4pm.  Since we knew we were going to be drinking heavily we decided to eat heavy early so we're not feeling stuffed by the time we have to go out clubbing.  Morels was close by so went with it. Since it was between lunch and dinner the place wasn't busy at all so the service was very quick and attentive.  Although they usually have good service here even if they're busy like the other times I've gone here. We started with the Classic Cheese Fondue.  It was pretty good.  I like the flavor of the blend of cheeses with the baguette.    Then I had the braised short ribs with a side order of mac and cheese.  The short ribs were really good, it just melted in your mouth.  You didn't even need a knife to cut it.  The bordelaise sauce that came with it was a good complement to the flavor of the ribs.  The mac and cheese on the other had was average at best.  It was kinda dry and lacking flavor.Overall this place is pretty good (food and service) but it's a bit pricey.
3	Came here for brunch, but the waiter didn't know what the soup du jour was and had to find out.   This was not a great sign of staff training, so I didn't expect much for the rest of the meal.  I expected more from a place that charged 20 dollars for a salad.  The beverages and bread did not come for a while which is not what I expected for a morning that was not busy. The food was average (had the soup du jour, nicoise, and steak and eggs).  The most memorable part of the meal was- how watered down the coffee tasted.3 stars for service3 stars for the mealalternative for brunch- mon ami gabi at the Paris hotel/casino.
2	I simply don't understand when restaurants are charging $50.00 a plate and they use the absoluely cheapest hand soap in their bathroom, not to mention the toilet seat was broken and without toilet seat cover.  It was not even that busy.  Fine, the caesar salad was amazing but thats all.  We returned couple dishes back because they simpily didn't prepare the way we ordered.  The portion is tiny for main entree.  Glad I am on diet, but probably won't go back again.  The food just not that impressive.  They did give us free drinks for the mistakes they made, but probably the least favor restaurant in Palazzo.  Oh, table 10 was also horrible.
4	An absolute must when in Vegas, I recommend a patoi seat to check out all of the action on the strip plus the show at Treasure Island right across the street, the steaks rival the best in town, our server was a true professional. Plan on spending about $125 for two.
3	Dungeoness Crab eggs benedict.  Eggs on top of a bed of crab meat sitting on top of breading.  The egg yolk just melted all around the crab and breading below which tasted okay.  The citrus hollandaise sauce was a good complement.
5	The place is as good as it gets for everything you are looking for in FINE DINING........Location is awesome being in the Pallazzo and restaurant has both indoor and outdoor seating......separate bar area and the formal dining area.  Decor and ambience is awesome!!  Not too noisy and not dead quiet.  Perfect for business meetings and perfect for anniversaries.  You just cant go wrong here.Services are super and waiters are extremely attentive.  You have at all time minimum of 2 waiters at your disposal at anytime.  Have their own head cheese master that is exellent and super knowledgeable on all the cheeses they have.Food from apettizers of oysters to the lovely dry aged steaks are just to die for with the mushroom sauce.  I dont like the American charboiled burnt style steak, so this French style prepped steak is my all time favorite.  Best steak I ever tasted is here and that is why I keep going back every single time I come to Vegas!!  I come here religiously every few months when in town!!Well worth the drive there or the flight there and the stay there and the money spent!!Writing this review is making me want to drive there this weekend from LA........Decor:  4.5 out of 5Ambience:  5 out of 5Service:  5 out of 5Food:  5 out of 5Repeatable:  NO DOUBT and I HAVE!!
5	Just great to have a nice moment.Broad selection of wine. Ask for Alex's advice, he is surely one of the best sommelier you will ever meet.We will go back, no doubt about it.
5	Came here with family last week. We loved it so much and our waiter (I can't remember his name). We ordered the wine of the week, which was a Rose', and started of with a dozen of their oysters YUM. Service was fast and the bread was warm and fresh. Our table shared the Caesar salad (prepared at our table). I had the Seafood Fettuccine. It was perfect. They actually gave me more seafood than noodles. A plus. My dad ordered the Fillet Mignon with crab and asparagus cooked medium rare and my mom had the Salmon with lentils. Everything was perfect and we would come here again.
2	Had lunch there with a friend. The atmosphere and service were 3 stars but the food was 2.5. The tuna nicoise salad I had could not compare to Bouchon. The tuna was bland and not quite fresh. Just average. The oysters we had though were fresh and tasty. Go there if you are in a hurry but if you want a true dining experience look elsewhere.
4	The food was good. Had the onion soup, tasty. Then had a New York steak, cooked really well. My only complaint is that the waiter seemed MIA at times, but was more attentive to other clientele. The servers were all way more attentive and picked up his slack, we didn't get our drinks till half way into our meal. Overall it was good, it's just that for the price that is paid, you kind of expect that these little things not happen.
4	My initial instinct was surprise at a 3.5 star rating for Morels.  What?  And although I have a hard time identifying reasons as to why Morels is super awesome, it sits well in my memory.  I've tried 50% of the menu by now, and in total I have to say that it's good dining.  The couple of items I didn't like were the salmon flatbread and the thick toast (too thick) under the eggs benedict.  They have a lovely selection of shellfish and cheeses! And the bread and butter is good.  And there's a very good olive tapenade.  I could just eat bite after bite of those...
4	We couldn't decide where to get a snack, so we ended up here and had a great time. We got fois gras and the beef tartare appetizers (both excellent) and had a few gin and tonics and sat on the patio in the late afternoon sun. Great time, great service. Our bartender (Dan? Ben? man I suck at names) was awesome.
1	Stopped in to try to get just dessert on a Monday night.  It was only 9 so figured not much of problem.  Host told us to just go sit in the bar and they will take care of you.  We did that - after 5 minutes sitting alone in the bar listening to the three bartenders chatting with each other without acknowleding we were there - we walked out.
4	This place is great! I'm a wine and cheese whore so I love places that offer different wines, cheeses, and wine pairings. We ordered the 5 charcuterie (hope I spelled that right) plate along with the 5 cheese plate which included cow and goat milk. All selections were great and this was just the appetizer!For our main dishes, we had the petit filet and the rib eye. Both steaks were delicious, can't say the same for the Mac n cheese side, but the taste of everything else made up for it.I gave this place only a 4 because the waiter had a few missteps, but I won't judge the entire experience on him.
1	I had very high expectations of this place after reading a number of reviews via Yelp, unfortunately this was not a favorable experience.  We ordered the escargot and shrimp scampi which was pretty good as appetizers.  I ordered the Bone In Filet medium rare, but it came out medium well to well done.  Our waiter took it back to have another re-cooked, the manager offered another glass of wine for me.  The 2nd time it came out, it was rare.  So they had to take it back again for a 3rd time and cooked it well, if I wanted beef jerky I could have gone to 7-11.  We also ordered the rib eye medium rare, but it came out rare as well.  By the time I got my food, everyone was done with their dinner and the sides (steamed asparagus, puree de pommes & sauteed seasonal mushrooms) were cold, though they did bring out another mashed potato dish.  I love steahouses and was looking forward to going to Morel's for well over 1 month, but unfortunately I will never go back.  When you go a place like this, the expectations are very high.  To have my steak taken back 3 times is unheard of and inexcusable for such an establishment.   I hope that if you do go, you have a better experience than I did.
5	We rarely eat in the same place twice in Las Vegas. Just too may options. Came back the second time and asked for the same waiter. Guess there was a little hiccup as he had a VIP in his station. Anyway got to sit next to the big dude from Penn and Tellar. Not so important. Wife had the crab and I settled for the bread, meat and cheese plate washed down with some fine grappa.Looking forward to our next visit in August.
1	Horrible! Our waiter switched when we sat down, and a new one came up and said "I got you guys b/c I get all the pretty ladies" barf. We ordered before our drinks even came, service was not good. Food was ok, but not worth the ridiculous prices even at brunch.
2	Went here on a Friday night late (around 9 pm) as a last minute choice and very hungry. Was slow.Steak (Filet mignon): 5! -- perfectly cooked and deliciousSide Order dishes: 3--  nothing memorable for price, ordered salad, sauteed mushrooms and asparagus, similar to what the buffet was probably serving, in my opinionWait Service: 1.5-- my friend that I was dining with was dairy-free-- depending on the staff that delivered the dish, took order, etc, we couldn't get a straight confirmation on whether the dish contained cream/butter.  We ordered a glass of wine, which we were done with by the time our dinner was served-- we were never asked if we wanted a refill (no one even came around), which we wanted for the steaks.  We were also asked if we wanted bread and butter prior to dinner-- to which we said yes-- was also never served.Sadly lacking for a $200 bill.  Wouldn't go back. The only reason I rate this a 2 instead of a 1 is because the steak was perfection.
1	overpriced.  tiny portions.  total waste of $$$$$$$service was good but the quality of food was low and priced like a 5star restaurant.  i ordered their Foie Gras which i LOVE LOVE LOVE and what i got was pate!  it was cold, and sucked like -well...it just sucked.  the Foie Gras at the restaurant in Paris was super delicious and fresh and rockin'..here, not at allwe also ordered pasta.  and it sucked.  my nephew can make mac and cheese instant that tasted better than this!will NEVER go back here and will NOT waste a single dollar here ever againi LOVE Palazzo and the Grand Luxe Cafe is 1000times better than this place.  how they are still in business is beyond me.  if u want some great steak go to STRIPSTEAK at the Mandalay Bay.  you will be SO happy and SO satisfied.
2	For the price and location, you can do so much better in Las Vegas.  I had reservations for 9pm on a Friday.  Although my husband and I were a bit early, we didn't get seated until 9:20.  It wasn't that the restaurant was busy, it's just that the staff were moving at their very own super-slow speed.  We were asked to be seated in the bar, which was perplexing when we could see that the restaurant was more than half-empty.  (And: half-empty on a Friday night? Bad sign!)  The bar staff didn't acknowledge our presence until the same second that the hostess was finally coming over to seat us.  The whole meal was uninspired, and service was glacially slow.  The cocktails were mixed by an amateur.  The appetizers were bland and plated poorly.  My petite filet mignon was also plated poorly: why was it just tossed onto a massive platter, instead of using a plate that was of a more appropriate size?  The steaks were well-cooked, although they weren't the superior cuts of meat that I had expected based on the price.  The pommes frites were nice, but the other sides were cold, and we couldn't find a server to actually do something about it.  The sommelier kept on recommending bottles that were twice as much as we had said that we wanted to spend (and really, it's not that hard to recommend a bottle of Bordeaux in the $250 range).  When we booked the table, we had been planning on having a cheese course and then apertifs and dessert.  We bailed on that after appetizers and mains took over two hours.  Go get a table at Bouchon.  Order cocktails.  Chat with the sommelier.  Order the steak frites.  Don't skip dessert.  Every single aspect of the Bouchon experience is miles better than Morels.  Bouchon is less expensive, the service is better, and the food is amazing.   Morels should be embarrassed to be in the same city, let alone the same hotel.
2	The quality of the oysters kept this from being a 1 star rating.  I ordered the NY Steak medium and it came out well done.   I sent it back and when they came back with another it was bairly medium well.  The server made me cut it down the middle once the steak arrived to make sure it was "medium."  bad move, it lost all it's juices immediately and like I said it was barely medium well, but at this point I didn't care anymore cuz I was so dam hungry.  But even for a medium well NY Steak this was exrtremely tough meat for something that's supposed to be "Prime."  I've had better steaks from Sizzler and that's no exaggeration.  Whatever you do don't order the NY.  My friend ordered the filet and he had no complaints, and again the oysters were pretty dam good. Like others have said, you can do much better in Las Vegas especially at this price point.
3	We had lunch here which was fine, though for $20-40 for an entre for lunch, I would have expected better. Three of us had steaks since it is a steakhouse, and they were nothing special in cut, flavor or preparation.  Two were cooked more than requested. I had traditional steak frittes which was ok, but nothing about the frittes were anything to suspect anything but ordinary frozen food (another reviewer raved about the fries. No idea why.). Service was mediocre.  Our lunch was a little later in the day, about 1:30 but with a near empty restaurant you would expect they could pay a little attention and check water occasionally. Also due to lack of attention and time to prepare the meals, lunch was really long, though in defense we didn't complain. Convenient though, since we were staying at the hotel.
1	Zero stars.  Was seated by hostess immediately for 9:30 dinner reservation.  Good table outside.  Sat for 10 minutes.  Nothing.  Manager called over to complain.  All he offers is a free drink?  Come the F on.  We are in vegas, drinks are free anyways.  Nuff said.  Zero stars.
5	I absolutely would recommend Morels to anyone wanting SUPERB service and delicious food.  My sister, mother and I had lunch here last week.  Service was prompt, engaging and most of all knowledgeable.  Any question we had regarding wine or food selection they could answer in detail.  I love that. The food was fresh and yummy.  I loved getting the same quality service for lunch as I would at an upscale steakhouse for dinner.  Ask for Stephano as your server.  You will not be disappointed he.  His helpful attitude, humor and knowledge really added to our meal experience.  Can't wait to go back.
1	Such a disappointment!  Our experience started off on the wrong foot when we made a reservation using OpenTable, checked in at the restaurant stating we had a reservation and then got seated.  Immediately I received an email that our reservation was canceled even though we just were seated at Morels.  I discussed with the hostess and the manager and they said it was a computer glitch, so they had to cancel the reservation.  Too long of a story, but never truly handled the situation properly.The patio was nice and the decor inside was cool, but the service was not attentive and the food really was not good, especially for the price.  Eggs Benedict for $17 and not good = me not happy!  The omelette had egg shells in it and I told the waiter, but they didn't seem to care.  The manager's way of making it "right" was to send a dessert to our table - chocolate and peanut butter.  It was just ok too.There are so many other dining options in Vegas, so need to check this place out...you will just be disappointed!
3	The food here is great!  Our server, however, could have used a refresher course on manners.  We decided to eat here on our last day of staying at Palazzo.  At check in, we received a 20% off coupon, so why not??  We noticed the Happy Hour was about to begin...double score!!  We were told that happy hour is either on the sweltering hot deck overlooking the strip or at the bar.  We opted for the empty bar to partake of the 2 for 1 drinks.  The menu offered one selection of whiskey, vodka, gin, etc.  My BF wanted whiskey on the rocks, she informed us they had no whiskey!!!???  WHAT??  OK...no problem, he's flexible and had the gin instead.  I'm sure VEGAS runs out of alcohol all the time...!!We ordered Kobi beef sandwich and fish and chips (off regular lunch menu, not happy Hour selection).  We LOVED it and ate every last bit.  Just as we were enjoying that feeling of finishing a delicious meal and sipping on that last little bit of drink, the waitress's Tourettes Syndrome rears its ugly head..."OMG, I've never seen 2 people finish and order of fries before.  You guys ate everything on your plate.  I've never seen that in my 6 months of working here!!:"  By now, the bar area is a bit fuller and people are starting to look over at us!  We are not overweight or overly sensitive people so, we laughed it off and joked back, but I was like WTH is wrong with this lady???I guess maybe there was a stray dog tied up outback that was supposed to get our scraps because I have never seen someone get so excited and shocked over an empty plate beforeIf you want to eat in the restaurant, I suggest wearing your thickest skin, eating only half your meal, or doing take out...
4	Came here for Three Square Restaurant Week lunch menu on Aug 31, 2011.  Soup of the day was butternut squash soup, it was more black pepper than butternut squash, but texture was good.  The server took it away before I could finish all of it.  The salad was large and dressing was excellent.  The crispy salmon was excellent as the salmon was perfectly cooked with a very light, yet crispy skin.  The salmon was served on a bed of lentils, carrots, and mushrooms, very tasty.  The steak frite was asked to be cooked medium rare, but it came out more medium well on the thin side, and medium on the thicker side.  It was very tender though.  The french fries are excellent!  Light and crispy, my dad couldn't stop eating them.  The strawberry ice cream for dessert was the most flavorful strawberry ice cream I have every had with a wonderful whip cream.  We got there early right before 12 noon and it was pretty empty, the service started out a little slow as we had to wait a couple minutes for the menus and water.  Otherwise, the rest of service was excellent, staff was friendly and prompt.  I would not normally eat here as it is located on the strip, but for Restaurant week, I wanted to give it a try.  I am glad I did.
4	I loved the cheese plate offering, we did a tasting of 3.  I should have been more adventurous on the third choice--10 year aged cheddar--but I didn't know what a lot of the cheeses were (I love cheese but am no expert) and the server wasn't the most helpful when we explained we didn't know what to choose.  The field green salad tossed in balsamic vinaigrette was really big for being an appetizer, was also very tasty.  The skirt steak frites was a delicious dish, loved the steak seasoning and the fries.  I ordered medium temp. and I happily received my steak as ordered.  Vanilla bean ice cream was delicious.  The service could use a little help...I can't exactly put my finger on it, but something was lacking.
5	We attended lunch for Restaurant Week.  For the price, I thought it was an excellent bargain. The salad was fresh and perfectly dressed.  The steak frites were nicely cooked and a good sized portion.  The dessert was a sorbet that was a bit of a throw away, but not that big a deal.   For a bit of an added bargain, go during happy hour and get 2 for 1 wine.
4	Really enjoyed our dining experience at Morels.  Food was superb.  We had a selection of 5 cheese and had the cheese monger choose for us.  He was right on the money with our cheese preferences.  We also had the foie gras which was also wonderful.  My husband ordered the grass fed NY steak which was seasoned perfectly and cooked to correct temperature, but by far the best of the night was the Braised Short Rib.  It was slow cooked in a sous vide for 18 hours.  It was so tender that a knife was not needed.  Our server Jerry was excellent.Now for the things that bugged me a bit.  They were out of asparagus as a side dish.  Then I ordered a salad that was supposed to come with cashews and they were out of that too.  Really asparagus and cashews?  Probably could have got some at a grocery store near by.  The other thing that is not such a big deal, but seemed weird was that it is a gigantic restaurant and it was almost empty.  When I asked the server about that he said they really only fill up during convention time.  That is such a shame since Morels is such a beautiful restaurant.
2	Very friendly service but that's about it.  They clearly have no idea what they are doing...from the servers, to the bartenders, to the chefs....it was a debacle from start to finish.  How does prime real estate at one of the nicest casinos in vegas survive such utter incompetence.  They screwed up pretty much everything we ordered..mojitos without muddled mint, overcooked mussels, a souffle left in the oven about 20 min too long, the bussers couldn't figure out how to light the fondue.  Total nincompoopery from start to finish.   The only thing keeping them from receiving a single star is they were so nice.  But nice only gets you so far.
2	This place has gone completely down hill over the past few years.  My meal here this past weekend will be the last time I ever dine here.  Went for lunch - the place was essentially empty.  We were a party of 4 - and 3 of the 4 orders either were incorrect, or were prepared incorrectly.  The service was friendly, but they did not compensate us in any way for wasting our time, and delivering such sub-par food.  Even after they tried to correct the meal, it was terrible.  Management never came over to see how we were doing.  Missing fries from my friends order literally took 30 minutes to prepare.  Food not only was prepared incorrectly, it just didn't taste very good.
4	I have been there for brunch. The view of strip from the patio is great. The limited menu is good but not outstanding. Service has been very attentive. Almost empty every time I go. Decor is elegant,  simple and relaxing. Moderate prices at brunch but certainly not cheap.
2	The food was simply delicious, and the atmosphere was equal to the task.  BUT the service was so poor I will never return.  I think the bartender was doing double duty as the server, which meant we got our food when there was a lull at the bar.  Lunch literally took an hour and a half, and we didn't receive all the food we ordered. Which was a good thing because we were so satisfied with what did come that there was not room for the additional items.  Only problem was that they didn't make it to table, but they definitely made it to the tab.
1	We came to Vegas for a friend's birthday celebration and chose Morels for her surprise birthday dinner.  All i can say is that I was really disappointed and ended up feeling a little sick for the rest of the night.  We called in advance to see if they could do something special for her birthday (like a dessert, etc. that said Happy Birthday) and they immediately told us that they didn't comp any desserts but that they could do something on a dessert we chose (which we agreed to).  The service was a worse than what I had expected and the food was definitely worse than expected.  3 of us ordered the salmon and my other friend and I ordered the short rib.  I heard the salmon was a little undercooked and underwhelming.  The short rib was a huge disappointment - it was very dry and while it was tender, it didn't really go down very well.  I even had to ask for more sauce in hopes of ameliorating the situation, but the sauce didn't help that much.  The mac and cheese was delicious - maybe the best part of my meal.We ordered two desserts to share all around and we even went to remind our waiter to do write happy birthday on at least one of the desserts and we were assured that they were taking care of it.  The two desserts came and none of them had any writing on it.  Then after we were eating for 5 minutes, a third dessert came out with a candle.  It was a pistachio souffle and we were all surprised at how nice it looked.  Until the bill came and they ended up charging us for it even though we didn't order it.The bill ended up coming out late and after we wrote clear instructions on how to split the bill four ways, there was a lot of confusion and it was clear that they ran our cards a couple of times before figuring out exactly how to charge a specific amount.All in all, I was really disappointed with the service and the quality of food -- definitely wouldn't come back here.
1	What a miserable overpriced experience. We should have known when we were able to get last minute reservations on a Saturday night. I have had lunch here before and do not remember the service being so sub par.Overall the food was adequate. Nothing special, and certainly not worth the price, even for Vegas. There are so many other better steakhouses within walking distance.It was the service, and how we were treated by the manager that capped off a miserable night. As we were being seated, I noticed a couple leaving without having ordered, that was the first clue. First, everything  was brought out at the same time. I kid you not. Appetizer, salad, soup, sides, and steak. I wonder if they would have brought out coffee and desert had we put that order in also. I really am not exaggerating. They all came out at the same time without any explanation. However, the person ordering the soup was not given a spoon. After dropping off the food, no one came back by to check on us. We flagged down a busboy after 5 minutes and he went to get a spoon. He must have been distracted as he did not come back, but a few minutes later he dropped off two spoons to the couple next to us who had just ordered. I got up, found our waiter and had a spoon brought over, almost ten minutes after the food was brought out.With the waiter now at our table, we ordered a second round of drinks, only to have a lemon drop spilled on the poor woman who had been forced to wait on the spoon.  After that, the next server who came by was a good 20 minutes clearing our plates. At this time I asked for the manager. One would think he would come over on his own, but then again.After explaining the situation, he said he would "tap dance on our bill," and commented on "how nice and easygoing we were with the situation." when the doused patron mentioned that her satin blouse was likely ruined, his reply "send me dry-cleaning bill."  Wow. I was little surprised at how flippant he was. Maybe he made the assumption we could be blown off easily as we where so laid back about it.Here's the kicker, he took the spilled drink, the cold soup, and $25 off the bill. A cab back to our hotel to change before going out was more than that.Things happen, but what a miserable experience, and any respectable owner would have handled the situation with better care.
1	Tom Bachner, the GM is a massive asshole. Normally I would not say this on a public website, but after talking to him on the phone, he was a total prick and offered no assistance or help of any kind...I was just trying to figure out why I was charged 79.00 dollars instead of $20.00. My friends had a really bad meal as well and one got sick within an hour of eating there. The food, I have to say was horrible, the service was extremely bad. Seriously...Pull it together. Skip this restaurant on your next Vegas trip. Zero customer service skills.
4	My friend and I really enjoyed the food (she the hamburger, me the eggplant panini). We were looking for an outdoor place to have lunch and this is the only option we found this end of the Strip. Really pleasantly surprised given some of the reviews we had read. Food, service, ambiance: all top-notch.
5	I promised both our servers Mark and Jake (that's right, BOTH) I would regale readers with stories of Morels food and service that surpassed what is common, usual and expected. Our first server approached us and provided a brief yet thorough description of the menu; from specials, modifications to guest favorites. To avoid any confusion, he introduced our second server and said they'd both be taking care of us. They returned abruptly to give us some of the softest bread I've ever accompanied by butter with hawaiian sea salt and an olive paste. To start we had a dozen oysters on the half shell, six east coast, six west coast. They came with three different condiments instead of the usual one.My then fiance, now husband ordered the Porterhouse. Taken aback, our server said "That's $110.00 steak and it's pretty big........... can you finish it?"  He laughed and said "yeah I can finish it no problem", I chimed in and said "But I'll definitely be eating half".Arguably the biggest and the best steak I've ever had. I didn't want the meal to end so I insisted we order desert and a cup of espresso even though our stomachs were pleading for a cessation. I asked our server Mark what he suggested and he recommended the CLASSIC PROFITEROLES (Candied Vanilla Almond Ice Cream sandwiched between two madeleines adorned with  Malted Chocolate Sauce ). At first I was reluctant but it turned out to be the  perfect combination of salt and sweet and once again we were prompted to send our compliments tot he chef. The meal was rather steep , like $242 steep, for lunch but when in Las Vegas, be prepared for Lost Wages :) Sitting outdoors was a big mistake though. It was so uncomfortably hot that every time a hostess or a waiter would come out through the double doors we'd have our O faces ready for the brief yet delightful blast of cool air that came from inside.
4	This is a great place to come for breakfast or dinner. When I saw the extensive cheese list, my jaw dropped. If you love fancy cheeses, you must come here. I told the server what I liked and didn't like and he brought out 3 cheeses, two of which I absolutely loved. If you like goat cheese, the Chabichou (sp?) is a must. Great flavor, not too funky and very rich. My favorite thing at breakfast was the smoked salmon and the coffee, I think I had the Nicaraguan, I liked it because it had a nice, rich true coffee flavor and wasn't the yucky tangy kind that you get at some places (I loathe Green Mountain coffee). My other favorite breakfast place is Bouchon, but mainly for pastries. The service is usually very good, but the waiter at dinner was a little snooty.
2	Went for Brunch, the food was very good unfortunately the service let them down... I felt like we were a burden to them, our server was rude & got the order wrong, they were not busy but yet seemed to want us out ASAP
2	The inside of Morels is nice, classy and bright white/black decor.  If you are hung over, caution, you may need sunglasses.The service is also good except we never got offered bread to start the meal. Anyway, I hardly judge a restaurant by service or looks alone or what the wait staff did or didn't forget to bring.  The crab benedict was a delight to look at.  The taste was also pretty good.  Fresh crabs, a delightful citrus hollandaise.  However, the poached egg was cooked solid.  The yolk was not running at all, and last time I checked, a perfectly poached egg has runny yolk.  That is a definitely cooking faux pas.  Unforgivable.Definitely headed to Bouchon instead, next time.
5	One of the first times I DIDN'T check yelp for a review and thank goodness I didn't.....We went here for dinner on New Years Day. We started with Cheese sampler, they offer a wide variety of cheeses, which we tried 5. 1 word,  Awesome!!!! I loved them all..... We tried the grass fed Kansas steak which was delish.... A wide variety of west coast & east coast oysters which was great...... My husband had the porterhouse steak served over fingerling potatoes and veggies,,,, again GREAT!!! So I would give it 41/2 but I opted for 5The only 2 things that were not perfect was the decor... especially for Vegas and one of our 3 servers were a little uncomfortable... awkward..... This would not stop me from coming back the food was awesome and as my husband says food euphoria!!!
2	This steakhouse is overpriced and their service leaves a lot be be desired.  I went on a business dinner with 7 associates, and found the steaks to be good, but very pricey, the wine list very overpriced, and the appetizers and add-ons a complete rip off.But the kicker was we ordered a large lobster  (at nearly $150) for the table to share.  After we'd eaten through a bit of it, we found that one of the claws, about 30% of the overall meat, was totally undercooked - to the point of being raw.  Their flip response - how about we toss that opened claw back on the grill for you.That's terrible service - and not how you should treat a table that's bringing you a $200 a head spot of business.There are way better options..
3	This was like my 3rd steak in 3 nights.  I can't even remember what kind of salad I ordered here.  But do remember ordering the filet.  (It's a nicely prepared 8 oz filet.   But you won't walk out raving about the steak.  It's good but not super exceptional.)Vanilla creme brulee - Delicious!  I wanted to order another, but my eyes were definitely bigger than my stomach.I'd go for a different entree, and stay for the dessert!
3	Went here for breakfast because we were staying at the hotel and had a coupon. Why not? I love love love the white table cloths and the general clean lighting of this restaurant. The breakfast was about what I expected but I suppose that is a good thing! Could've been way worse! Just went with the All American breakfast which is pretty much 2 eggs, toast, and your choice of meat (sausage, bacon, etc.) We did order the Sugar Doughnuts. Wow. Amazing! The waitstaff was a little snooty but friendly enough to earn their tips. Not my top 5 and not that one-of-a-kind service I've experienced before, but the food was decent and sure, I'd go back...that is, once I've tried every other restaurant Vegas has to offer. :)
4	I'm not a big red meat person so I will comment on the seafood sampler platter. When I ate the oysters I felt like I dove into the ocean. It was so fresh and rich I've never tasted anything like it. The lobster and shrimp, were so good and I was shocked because I didn't see a water tank in the restaurant. The friends that got steak were served large portions. The only reason I'm giving this place 4 instead of 5 is because of the service. drinks came in wrong and with 5 different servers per table I thought it took a while to ask someone for some extra water or when they served all the food and there was no silverware on the table. The food was 5 star for sure.
4	We came for brunch around 1:30 p.m. on a Sunday. Man, was that a good idea! At brunch, you can get the ambiance (we sat outdoors on the patio) and great food, without paying the high price. Our table had the kobe beef burger and the french dip sandwich. Everyone raved. I'd say it was one of the better burgers I've ever had because the meat was just sooo good. I definitely recommend this place, especially for brunch or lunch. Enjoy!
2	Best on the price I paid for my meal I am tempted to give one star but it would have to be inedible for that happen...  Our waiter was very arrogant and seemed put off that we needed 15-20 minutes to order since we were socializing for work instead.   I ordered a $50+ filet that had very little taste, somewhat dry and the topping I paid $8 for was a quarter-size piece of blue cheese.  Weak!  No one at our table was happy with their meal and my co-workers from a country overseas even refused to tip the waiter the service and meal was so below average.  I have never done that in my life and still gave 15% (normally 20%+ for me)...
5	This will be short and sweet. I ordered the french toast....Took one bite and said its the best thing I've ever tasted in my life! My wife's was also awesome- scrambled eggs/salmon crepes.  Oh, and the hand crafted bloody mary was exceptional with hand crushed tomatoes, garlc salt and who knows what else!
4	Beautiful weather outside with Janice for lunch - Cobb Salad, crispy Prawns and Chardonnay (happy hour2:1 at pm).
1	After high expectations for this restaurant, I was very disappointed.  First of all, the front desk lacked a sense of welcome (If I have to say hello first, there's a problem) Our waiter was unfriendly and "snooty", not that I have high expectations but I'm no stranger to a great restaurant and good service.  After our meal was selected, it was like a drag race to the end! Good service is being attentive, but definitely not rushed.  Since every table gets 3 people for service, you'd think table conversation would be great between the 3. Wrong!! Not even one of them made us feel welcomed. I think since there were three, each one assumed the other was taking care of us,  3 = 0 at this point. Overall, I would not return to this restaurant. The worst experience you can have at a restaurant is the feeling of unwelcome. Seriously, I would have rather spent double the money in a restaurant that knows this.  I don't recommend Morels and will not return. Here's to all the people who gave this place a good review....you got lucky!
3	It's a small, quiet restaurant, good for couples and small groups looking for a pleasant evening. The decor is very nice and somewhat fancy. But it doesn't feel like it pops with excitement. For the younger customers, it doesn't feel like VEGAS, just a nice French restaurant for a good meal. Kinda pricey, but it is French.The service can be slow at times, but overall good. A waiter always comes around to fill your water cup. The cup is so small that they have to keep coming around. Why not just give us a bigger cup?We came during restaurant week and tried the 4 course meal for about $50 a person. It was pretty good, but nothing too special. The soup was okay, there was only one choice for salad, and the dessert was pretty much ice cream. The steak was nicely cooked to medium rare, though, and the portion was generous. I don't think the meal was really worth the $50.Overall, a relaxing dining experience with pretty good food, if you are willing to spend the money. If you're visiting Vegas and would like a little more fun in the meal, I'd try other French restaurants on the Strip.
2	Morels was participating for restaurant week so we came here for the 3 course $20.12 breakfast which was supposed to include: 1)fresh fruit 2) main breakfast entrees (I opted for the the eggs, ham, hashbrowns and brioche toast 3) their famous house doughnuts with variety jam with french press coffee. We got our coffee and our server was very attentive in refilling our cups. Took our order, then eventually came over to drop off our meal which was just an average breakfast. Nonetheless, we were really excited to get our fruit and doughnuts. Our Server returns to let us know that they run out of "doughnuts" so instead the chef made us "Creme Brulee" instead at 10am?  Which was weird of him to not mention at the beginning of our meal. I also asked if our fruit would be coming and he said that it was "choice" of one or the other. Clearly he was mistaken, but I didn't feel like arguing since I was so disappointed about the house doughnuts. This place is definitely an upscale restaurant, but I was very disappointed in their service and will more than likely not return to try their regular menu since they can't even get their breakfast right.
5	Start to finish, Morels provided a wonderful meal and experience. Morels is located near the lobby. Park near the entrance closest to the check in desk will make finding the restaurant easier. I made a reservation for 6:00pm, but my friend and I got there early. It was not a problem and we were seated without delay.Our server, Mike, was amazing. He gave us great suggestions on wine and dinner options. He came by often enough to let us know that he was around, but kept away while we were eating or talking. When he got a chance to visit, he was funny and entertaining. Waters were refilled at half glass and food came out in a nice even flow. The service is definitely one of Morel's strong points.My friend and  started with a cheese board. The ten year aged cheddar with salt crystals was magnificent with the fig spread and honey comb. Sweet and savory is always a winning combination. Paired with a Syrah, I was in heaven. A great start that was about to get better with a half dozen of the kumamoto oysters each. They were fresh, briny, and succulent. It was so hard not to suck them all back. Yet the wisest choice was to savor them. Next, I got the fresh fig and arugula salad. I am not a huge fan of blue cheese, but it balanced out the sweetness of the figs well. This dish had everything. It was creamy from the cheese, crunchy from the walnuts, sweet from the figs, salty cheese, spicy from the arugula, and perfectly dressed. Could this meal get any better? It sure can with a medium rare 14oz. 28 day aged grass fed NY sirloin. The steak needed very little. It comes out with three selections of salt and a few granules is all it needs. The black salt had a nice smokiness to it. To finish our meals, we got a scoop of black currant and green apple ice cream, as well as the vanilla almond profiteroles. The large list of ice cream flavors is impressive. They have a mixture of common favorites and some innovative flavors. Some that caught my eye was the orange honey, pear, black currant, and green apple. The profiteroles came with a side of warm chocolate sauce in a small container to ladle out on your own. There was no semi-sweet chocolate left when I was done. The candied almond slivers was a nice touch for decoration and tasty too.I can not rave any more highly about my experience at Morel's. So FIN!
5	I can't imagine anything that would have made our experience at Morels any better. We were in Las Vegas for a weekend and wanted to have French food but didn't have the time or money for a really fine dinner so we opted for brunch. We debated between Bouchon and Morels but finally decided on Morels because they make Eggs Benedict, Bouchon doesn't. There were four of us plus a little one. We sat at a beautiful round table and were treated like royalty from minute one by a friendly staff. They were complete professionals, keeping the table clean and stocked. First they brought us fresh beignets that were light and not overly sweet. We ordered French press coffee -- which was incredible and not the least bit gritty like the kind I make at home, espresso, a "virgin" latte for the kid, and handmade Bloody Marys. Oh boy, are these a treat! Seriously, these ALONE are worth a trip.They bring out a cart full of fixings. Their own homemade tomato juice, hand grated horseradish, fresh chopped garlic, limes for squeezing, etc. Marcos, our waiter, talked us through the entire process of making the drink and graciously allowed three of us to copiously snap his picture. It was fun! The Bloody Mary was incredible. At $14, I don't know how they break even! I could have had three more. Yum, yum, yum.Next, we ordered breakfast: Steak and eggs (with frites), a crab omelet (came with brioche), Eggs Benedict with crab, and French Dip -- mine. I thought the sandwich was delicious. Great bread, delicious sauce, perfect touch of cheese, tender meat. The frites were fantastic -- I tried them but got a salad instead. I heard rave reviews on the crab, very tasty and tender, and tried the omelet. It was amazing. So was the bread. Everything was delicious.Overall, incredible time. Relaxed but our every need was attended to. We lingered and felt no pressure to go. Our bill came quickly when we wanted it. The timing on everything was perfect. Only one thing -- my guy's hashbrowns were not hot. He's big on HEAT. Marcos took them off his plate -- so he could still eat the omelet -- and got new ones made. Problem solved!
4	Love the grass fed beef. Great appetizers from Beef Tartar to muscles; Solid and consitent service
4	The wife and I were rolling craps in Vegas and we made late reservations for Morels.  The restaurant reminds me of Bouchon but a tad more pricey.  Being a steakhouse I had to order the Bone in Ribeye.  Good steak but not great.  The wife ordered a Scottish Crispy Skin Salmon.  Nice and tender on the inside, crispy on the outside.  Bout as good as fish gets.  The highlight was the cheese plate we ordered before our meals.  The waiter was very helpful and selected 3 nice sharp flavored cheeses and I added some proscuitto as well.  As sides we had the sauteed rapini (good) and pomme frites (mehhhh).  Good food, good service, good restaurant..... but...... Del Frisco's is better.
3	I was staying at the palazzo and needed breakfast before an early flight so I came here.  Sat at the bar solo.  Immediately greeted by one of the most beautiful bartenders I have ever seen in my life.  No lie, I was in love at first sight.  The bloody Mary cart is spectacular and was the highlight of my meal.  Got a veggie omelet. Meh.  Not memorable at all. The bloody, the hottie bartender and the beignets she brought me saved the experience, but it's expensive for such a crappy omelet  , I'll only go back to see the bartender and have a bloody.
5	Whenever I travel to Vegas I tend to gravitate towards the buffets and cheap eats. Why? Because I've always been afraid that the "fancy" restaurants are all show and no substance. That might be the case for some of the restaurants, but not with Morels. My wife and I ate dinner here on our last night and it was the perfect way to end the vacation. Service was impeccable (you have two servers) and the food was fantastic. We started with the three cheese sampler and told the server he could choose (they have way too many cheeses to choose from). He ended up bringing us a four cheese sampler as he was (his words) "on the fence as to if you were going to like one of them." How nice! I then asked if he could split the $16 iceberg salad into two portions, "no problem." The salad was beautifully presented like we had ordered two of them. For my main dish I had the 20oz bone-in rib eye. Yes it was $64 but it was cooked perfectly and absolutely delicious. Dessert? Nope, we were too full.I had wished that we could have eaten outside on the patio but it was a little cool so we ate inside. No matter, the atmosphere is nice and they play a great selection of music. I'm sure we'll be back.
5	AMAZING BRUNCH! started off with glasses of mimosas, ordered the free range egg crab omelette and the crab oscar benedict --- BOMB. the crab was just lightly salted, moist and flaky, and the toast in the benedict was perfect.  their banana and mascarpone stuffed french toast was amazing too. the restaurant itself is classy and elegant, just what i was looking for on a sunday morning.
4	Came on a saturday afternoon awaiting Lavo Brunch to kick off next door at 2pm. To my suprise starting at Noon it was buy one get one free house wines, well beverages and coronas.I had the house cabarnet, served in a generously sized mini carafe was my second glass. Not bad for a house glass, sweeter side like a pinot, but the drinkability of a merlot.My buddy had makers on rocks, but filled the entire glasd with makers to the rim. Not complaining at all, the bartender definitly hooked it up with two beverages in one glass. Nice touch bartenderWe proceeded outside because it was a beautiful day, sat under an umbrella table with a gorgeous view of the strip!We wanted something light to munch on so we ordered the bread, jam, and cheese. Toasted french bread, with a prune and dates jam(whole fruits still in), honey spread with pieces of honeycomb still in, and a delisously two+ year aged parmesan. Seems odd to eat together, but it was an excellent pairing.Welcoming tentative staff, great view. Definitely recommend dining out on the patio before it gets to hot out here in the summerEnjoy :)
1	One thing you do not think about when you go in with a bigger group is the convenience for everyone to pay with credit cards when you order a meal since not everyone will be loaded with cash. Went in with a group of ten and was told they could not process more than three cards. Eventually we got to talk to the manager and we were able to pay with up to five cards. Still, pretty unacceptable since I could go to a Chili's and everybody would be able to have a more affordable meal and be able to pay with credit cards if you wanted to.My meal that was the seafood variety was pretty good, and the bread was good, but that was about it in terms of having quality food from an expensive place like this. My friends had steaks that were very mediocre, and we ordered four sides that got cold pretty quick, the best thing probably being the french fries.We went around 9:30PM, so maybe the staff was tired. You don't pay $50 expecting for your meal to be less than stellar, including a rather underwhelming experience for a restaurant on the strip. May be better for a smaller group, because it was horrible for us.
1	The service here is terrible and the food is extremely inconsistent.We showed up at around 9 pm when the restaurant was half-empty.  Despite the lack of activity in the restaurant, it still took them 20 minutes to even hand us menus.  It then took another 20 minutes to even get bread for the table and for our waiter to take our order.The steaks were also cooked very inconsistently.  My brother's steak was so undercooked that he had to send it back twice to be re-fired.  To top it off, at the end of the night, our waiter claimed that he could only accept 3 credit cards (we had a group of 10).  It's just shocking that a restaurant in an upscale hotel could be so technologically-challenged.  You'd think that a restaurant would make it easy for you to pay them for their services.  Needless to say, I'd never go back there and encourage anyone who reads this review to find an alternative steakhouse in Vegas.
1	I had multiple problems at Morels. Once seated, we sat there for 10 minutes before anyone came by to talk to us or even give us a menu. Then we waited another 30 minutes for a piece of bread. One of the steaks that we ordered was raw in the middle and took them 2 times to re-fire the steak to get it to a rare center. I went with a group of 10, so when we went to pay the check, we attempted to split it on our credit cards. We were then told they could only split it on 3 cards. The reason I was given is that each transaction costs a fee, so they only allow 3 cards. Each dish we ordered was $60+ with sides, drinks, tax, and gratuity on top of that. Ridiculous to say a transaction fee on at least an $80 charge was the reason why they would not allow us to use more credit cards. After arguing for a while, they then claimed the system would not allow more than 3 cards to be used at a single table. That again was a lie because later on a waiter came over who overheard and told us he knew how to pay the bill with 5 credit cards. We had to call a manager over who again said the system only allows 3 cards. After a round of arguments, we got it all settled.It took over 45 minutes to just pay the bill. The whole dinner was a waste of my time and I will never go back to Morels. Too bad 0 stars is not an option on yelp reviews.
1	I've never wrote a review before, but my experience at Morels was so bad I had to write one.I was in a party of 10 people staying at the Venetian.  It was easy to get reservations, and we got seated promptly.  From there it all went downhill.  It took about 15 minutes just for the waiter to bring us menus.  After that, another 15 minutes to get water and order.  The restaurant was pretty empty at this point too.  After we ordered, we waited about another 15 minutes until we asked for some bread.  They decided to bring out the butter, but no bread.  15 minutes later, here comes the bread.We finally get our steaks.  I ordered mine rare, and to be honest it was a little too rare, but it was still edible.  Someone in my party also ordered rare, and the steak was literally raw.  After eating about half of the horribly cooked steak, we finally had the waiter bring it back to actually get cooked to rare.  Get it back, it's still too rare.  So we sent it back again, and this time when it comes back they plate it on a small bread plate instead of the normal dinner sized plate.  So all in all, it took them three tries to cook a steak to rare, and it still wasn't cooked that well.We were already pretty upset because the service had been super slow, and they couldn't cook a steak right.  Somehow, it gets even worse.  We get the bill and we all pull out credit cards to pay.  Morels isn't the cheapest place, we had to spend close to $80 a person for our steak and sides.  The waiter comes over to inform us that they can only have 3 credit cards on the bill.  3 credit cards?!  Are you kidding me?  At a restaurant in the Palazzo/Venetian, where a steak costs at least $50, and you're going to tell us as we start to pay that you can only use 3 credit cards on the bill?  The reasoning?  They say it's not built into their software to be able to use more than 3 cards.  BS.We had to ask for a manager.  The experience had just been horrible, and not being able to use as many cards as you want for the bill is inexcusable, especially for a more upscale steakhouse in a hotel where every other restaurant can take more than three credit cards.  How are they going to expect everyone to be able to fork out close to $100 in cash?  In a casino.  Where you could easily lose all of that money and only have a credit card.We asked to speak to a manager.  The manager just stood there agreeing with everything we said, saying he's only been there for a month and that for some reason, he's able to put in 5 credit cards instead of the 3 that the waiter can do.  I'm not quite sure why he's all of a sudden allowed to use 5 instead of 3, when apparently it wasn't built into their system to use more than 3 cards.  Absolutely ridiculous.All in all, the food wasn't that great, they couldn't cook a steak, and not splitting the bill to however many credit cards you want is absolutely ridiculous in a Las Vegas upscale steakhouse.  I'd give it a 0 star if I could.  Horrible, never coming back, and you shouldn't go either.And the other thing, this review is probably going to get taken down which is a load of BS.  I know at least three other people in my party wrote a review telling about this horrible night, and Morels was able to delete it.  I might just save this copy and check every day and keep re-posting this review.  This place was that bad.
4	Started with cheese plate. They made the selections for us and it was grrreat!   I was in heaven. Prosciutto was excellent. The cheese plate came with honey and date cake.  ( I'm salivating just thinking about since I'm writing this review a day later).  I had the crisp skin Scottish salmon with baby carrots and lentil, it was very delicious.  Tried the petit cut filet mignon and melted like butter in my mouth. I had the soup du jour which was excellent and velvety.   The lovely group I was with opted to skip dessert ( normally we don't. It must have been the cheese plate. We were still raving about it )
4	Great Foie Gras and Lamb Chop!!! Decent price for great quality of service and food!!!
4	Pricey but quite good. Patio view overlooking the treasure island show was fun. A few things were not quite perfect for the price gave but overall really nice meal.
1	My biggest regret of the entire trip to Vegas was walking past CUT, Carnevino, and LAVO to eat at Morel.I took a gambling and fine dining trip to Vegas with my brother and a close friend, and after a good stretch of gaming we decided to satiate our hunger in one of the fine restaurants around Palazzo.  We walked around, past the restaurants listed above (which are all on the top 40 Vegas list), into Morel.  Truth be told, the main draw that led me into Morel was that the hostesses were very easy on the eyes, so I thought this was the kind of establishment that employed these kinds of people as waiters as well.  Now that I think of it, it was very naive of me, because everyone inside waiting the tables were men.  Respectable and well dressed, but men nonetheless.  At the hour we dined, there was only one other group dining, so they could have put us anywhere in the entire room.  They chose to put us right next to the station that all the waiters were standing by.  They could hear every word we said.  One of us offhandedly mentioned that we could use more bread, and one of the waiters came over to inquire if we needed anything.  While this might sound helpful, it was really nothing more than annoying.  I'm sure you can understand what it feels like to have no privacy when you want to share your opinions of a new restaurant between friends.The restaurant itself boasts a fantastic view of the strip, and of the T.I. show that's just across the street.  We chose to sit inside because the weather was a little warmer.  The bar area is quite modern, with a couple of flatscreen TVs playing the Celtics game, but the restaurant area boasts nothing.  It didn't make me feel like I was paying $70 for a steak.  Maybe I'm alone in this opinion, but if I'm going to be paying so much for a meal, I want the entire package: good food, good service, good ambience.  The only positive thing I could say about the ambience was that it's quiet, which is doubly annoying if the thing I wanted was privacy (no extra noise to drown out our conversation).And now, onto the food.Ribeye Steak, $64, medium rare, comes with sauce and no other sides.  Is the concept of having sides (vegetables) along with the entree that foreign in fancy restaurants?  Maybe it's not normal in a French restaurant?  I don't know.  Morel doesn't have sides with your entree.  You can order another side for $9-$12.  We ordered fries (yeah, don't ask why we paid $11 for fries), mac and cheese (we're not the fanciest of people), and this other potato dish.  The potato dish was the best.The steak itself was the worst cut of ribeye steak I've ever tasted.  The only thing that was good about the steak was that it was medium rare, which surprisingly many places manage to screw up.  The steak was bland, the sauce was tasteless, and even the fatty part of the steak which I usually enjoy regardless of how the rest of the steak tastes was very disappointing.  Worst.  Steak.  Ever.  This also includes the ribeye I got at Chili's.  Yes.What else can I say about the restaurant?  The waiter didn't seem happy to see that we wanted to move a couple tables away from their immediate zone.  This would be understandable to me, except that with a bill of $240 the tip easily exceeds 4 hours of minimum wage labor.  The toothpick came in an individual wrapper, and that was nice.Go to Table 10 instead, or splurge and go to CUT.  Save yourself some time and money.
2	french onion soup is pretty decent. i am a french onion snob...love the view for brunch...other than that i dont really like the food here. i had the beet and apple salad. it really wasnt that good.bouchon is better.
5	Made reservations this weekend for my sister's bach party. Our party included 14 girls.  The service and ambiance was amazing. We wanted a nice dinner for our bachelorette and they definitely made it very memorable. We had a beautiful secluded room with a chandelier to ourselves in the back.  The view overlooked the strip. The waiters were very attentive. They even serenaded our bachelorette! :)The food was excellent too -- not too heavy. THe portion was small at first glance, but it was actually perfect in the end. We were full enough to be satisfied without going into a food coma.I would recommend the beet and apple salad (the humbolt fog goat cheese is amazing in this salad.. melts in your mouth!) The steak of course was so delicious, juicy and tender. I'm salivating thinking about it.The seafood fettucini and clam linguini... looked and tasted exactly the same except the seafood fettucini had more seafood other than clam. I don't know if they made a mistake, but the fettucini had the same exact sauce as the clam lingini.. which was more of a clear oil base sauce.  They were still both very good though, which is why I'm giving it 5 stars.
5	I tried ou Morel's French Steakhouse on a business trip, traveling alone.  I went right before the dinner rush.  I couldn't have asked for anything more in a meal experience.  The staff was VERY helpful and knowledgable.  The cheese selection was out of this world, the wine was wonderful.  Needless to say the steak was to die for.  I can't see how anyone would have a complaint about this restaurant.  Yep it is expensive, but you are at a steakhouse in Vegas....duh.  DELICIOUS!!!!!!
4	HUGE cheese selection. We didn't have steak the day we went--just for mid-afternoon snack. It wasn't crowded at all. Terrace is pretty (get a table with an umbrella!). Wish they didn't allow smoking out there.
1	What a disappointment!   I had been to Morels before with parties of 2 and 4 so I thought it would be find for a larger group.  With that in mind, we booked a table on Opentable.com for 8 for a 40th birthday dinner at Morels and what was supposed to be a special dinner turned out to be a disaster.  For starters, we were seated in a separate room away from the main room that had zero ambiance and was empty except for us.  This was followed up by what can only be described as slow service with our waiter only passing through once in a blue moon.  At one point, one of our party had to get up to go find water since we were all sitting there with an empty table and nothing to drink.As for the meal....I'd give a 1.5 stars since one of the steaks was good.  Two of our party had the Porterhouse which was tasty.  It was ordered medium-rare and was cooked well.  Unfortunately, the rest of the meals were sub-standard.  One of the other steaks was also ordered medium rare and was sent back since it was overcooked (it arrived warm/hot pink in the middle).  And then we waited. And waited.  Our waiter showed up (amazing!) and told us it was coming.  And then we waited some more.  Then the manager showed up and told us it was coming.  And then it showed up a minute later.  All said and done, almost 30 minutes passed between when the first steak was sent back and the second one was delivered.  Not only does that make it awkward with the rest of our party eating, it also ruins the ambience of the table and is quite frankly unacceptable.  I wish I could say that they got it right but the second steak was worse than the first one.  It was essentially raw (read: cold and red throughout the steak except the far edges) and could only have been thrown on the grill for 30 - 40 seconds at best.  By this point, we had all finished eating and didn't want to continue the ordeal.  But wait...here's the best part.  They charged us for that steak and when we asked that it be taken off the bill we were told no...your steak was cooked to perfection. Sorry guys but no it wasn't.  When you can compare one medium rare steak to another one and visibly see the difference, it's not cooked to perfection.  While restaurants define medium rare slightly different, a quick web search of the definition of a medium rare steak shows the following:"A medium rare steak should be warm through the middle with a hint of red. Most of the center of the steak should be pink. The sides should be well browned, the top and bottom charred to a dark brown color. This steak should have a firm surface but soft in the middle."It's not supposed to be COLD and RAW in the middle.Restaurants are about more than the food.  The ambiance, the attentiveness of the servers and the attitude of the management all factor in.   Good customer service means working w/ your customers to resolve a problem when it arises.  For a $60 steak they ruined what should have been a pleasant meal and the manager's behavior was beyond unacceptable.  Their refusal to even discuss the poor service and food left all of us appalled. Oh yeah, and they don't do anything special for birthdays (like a cake or dessert).  Never. Going. Back.PS - The rest of the evening went well so that saved the entire night.
5	5-star review for LUNCH ONLY!I'm not a huge fan of their dinner, to be honest (mostly because there are so many other better options in this fabulous city).My family and I make it a point to dine here for one of our lunches every time we travel to Vegas, which is luckily 5 or so times a year. They have a seasonal menu, but they generally keep their best-sellers. They also have a splendid brunch menu, and with this they serve mini donuts/beignets of a sort, rolled in sugar; when warm, these are like starting the meal with dessert (uh, who said that's a bad thing?)So, without further ado, I have three extremely crucial words for you: GET.THE.QUICHE. This is like no other quiche I have had in my life (and I've had my share). It's like they imported it right out of France, because this is to a T exactly how they make it in le Paris. It isn't thick to where the egg takes control over your taste buds...it's so airy and fluffy, but still has the slightest crisp on the outside layer-- you essentially won't have to chew this dish because it's so creamy and fluffy. Embedded throughout this piece of absolute heaven is applewood smoked bacon (the thick cut kind!), perfectly carmelized onions, and a cheese, possibly Gruyere? Deceivingly light, this is one rich piece quiche. It comes with choice of pommes frites or salad, and the fries are on par with some of the better thin fries I've ever had. Now, for the other options (almost overshadowed by the masterpieceofquiche). The Croque Monsieur is also quite tasty and has just the right amount of ham-layering to cheese ratio. My dad frequently gets the omelets  and they are also worth ordering if you're looking for a more savory option. On normal days, they serve some bread (conjoined twin pieces) with a pesto-like dipping sauce (we also get butter with the Hawaiian sea salt sprinkled across the top as that's what they used to serve..you'll have to request it, probably). For dessert, you cannot steer wrong from the sorbet/ice cream selections. With a wiiiide array of flavors, you can get three scoops served in a cross-cookie type of concoction alongside a dollop of whipped cream and strawberry slices. Try the vanilla almond ice cream and the coconut sorbet...Mmmm, palate-cleansing after a flawless meal.  Steve used to be their best waiter, but he no longer works there. Nevertheless, we've never had any issues with their lunchtime service. GOOO here!
5	Morels, I woke up early to catch your tasty brunch menu.   I figured I'd wake up before the rush.   We were just at Bouchon the day before this breakfast... granted we hit the peak of lunch time and our waitress was super nice in trying to salvage the deal, but I now believe Bourdain in his comment of "high class fast food for a price". Of course after that disappointment I was almost hesitant to shell out some more cash just to be deceived by the glitz and glam of Las Vegas strip restaurants.   But ok, I couldn't help it. The organic eggs and sides woke me up and dragged my two limbs downstairs to fill my empty stomach.   Came in and the hostess seemed unorganized, but it did take her only five minutes to get our party of five in a comfortable round table In the middle of restaurant.  Decor was very modern and almost sensual in a good way.   I can see how the colors, and the moldings would work beautifully at night with dim lights and not so dragging with a hangover look during the daytime.   Our waiter was great and knowledgeable to a degree.   Coffee selection, I would almost say limited... but then maybe I'd have to correct myself on that one.  It was actually a well chosen selection of the average and exotic brew or should I say press.  Our waiter suggested Rwanda on a French press and it was definitely a cup worth waking up earlier than high noon in sin city.   I thought my order was good, I opted for the crab benedict which was prepared clean and tasty as expected.   But from the whole meal, one thing that was unforgettable was the side of organic ham. Oh that tiny bite of organic ham... I'd like to order a whole hind of it and make it my pillow.   That was by far the juiciest ham I've ever tasted.   That ham will take out your Grandma's holiday ham anytime. Yes, that's right, I'm talking sh$t about your Grandma's dry, chewy and overly sauced ham.   Morels may have to share their secret with me here, becuase that one was perfect. It was salty, sweet, juicy, plump, not chewy, and seared properly on all sides. And so, I can say that Morels offered me and my party a true hearty breakfast.   I just wish for next time they can deliver me a breakfast in bed.  Hey, it is Vegas...  you never know.
3	Have had hit and miss times at this spot.  The last three times however have been great.  Brunch for two of them, and cocktails in the lounge while we waited for family that were driving from L.A. airport.  Definitely try it as they have some great menu items and very skillfully made drinks.  The bartender and waitress made sure we had drinks as soon as our glasses were at half, and they gave us complimentary bread which is a nice touch if your not having dinner.  Recommend seating inside as service is usually best for eating.  If I have the same service next time as I did these last three, I will rate a 4 star.  Staff are very friendly.
3	This review is for brunch only.So we woke up on a Saturday morning at The Palazzo and wanted to grab brunch. Since Morels was in our hotel, we decided to give it a chance. We sat outside in the shade since it wasn't hot yet and we had a good view of Las Vegas Blvd. Basically their menu has a lot of typical brunch items. I got eggs and smoke salmon crepe and it was really good. The portion was big. My friend got the stuffed french toast (with marscarpone cheese inside) and it was kinda small and kinda watery inside. Another friend ordered the pancakes and you get 5 in the order. The prices are kinda high but that's expected for a restaurant in The Palazzo. Honestly you can find a cheaper and better brunch than this place. The food was good but not worth the prices.
4	A typical Las Vegas spot with great service, excellent food and silly silly silly prices. The French press coffee was fantastic and highly addicting. I had scrambled eggs, hash browns, ham and OJ for 23$. For that price I think a floor show or at least a magician should have performed? The high quality food and service earns it four stars but if you can do without the decor and stylish casino vibe Denny's just down the street can save you $18 bucks.
4	Had half lobster with petite cut filet mignon. The meat was less than awesome. I expected more from the oignon soup also. But overall diner was excellent. Waiters were incredibly helpful professional and curtuous. I recommend even if it is kinda expensive.
4	I was craving Bouchon, but since we parked on the wrong side and were hungry, my BF and I decided to check Morels out. I am glad we did!! We came here for BRUNCH and I ordered a veggie omelette with egg whites. The BF ordered a turkey hash. Both were very delicious! I made room for their jelly filled donuts which were good.
4	This restaurant was good, the service was great!  They were very accommodating to our party and helped set up a private room for us. I had salmon and it was delish!  The others in our party had breakfast and it looked very yummy.The fresh bread is always a plus to start off the meal while we're waiting for our meals to be served.
1	No, just no.  Where do I start?Look, I get that every good restaurant in Vegas has overinflated prices, in fact I have chastised other reviewers for commenting on that in previous reviews of other restaurants in Vegas.  But when an experience is bad, then that price just slaps you that much harder.First, we did not have a reservation.  But the restaurant was half-empty.  They proceeded to walk us to the farthest back table, as if we were wearing escaped state pen prisoner garb.  It's hard to get the "vibe" and atmosphere of a joint when you are miles away from another diner.The next major issue was the service.  I think the best word to describe it is just clumsy.  The waiter seemed disinterested.  The wait staff themselves were just a mess (at one point trying to take the side of mushrooms that was half full when we were not done eating).  When bringing the bottle of wine, they attempted to just pour it, without even  the courtesy taste.  A friend threw the hand over his glass before he could, but good grief, this is just a common courtesy.The food.  Bland, under seasoned, boring, and meh.  Just meh.  I make a better steak and I make better mushrooms, and I'm not a great cook by any means.I would never go back, way too many other great options in Vegas.
2	I really wanted to like this place but how do you mess up a Ceaser Salad? Mom and I went in for a light pre-show dinner before going to see LOVE at the Mirage. We just ordered the onion rings, which were good, but I've had better and at the table side Ceaser Salad for two. Ceaser Salad at a steakhouse is a staple and at such a high end restaurant, i expected nothing but the best. However, the dressing had zero flavor and croutons seemed store bought and not house made. The complimentary rolls and olive tampenade were good. And service was great but not enough for me to recommend or come back.
3	Pleasantly average. It's hard to say anything truly bad about Morel's. The service is pleasant, the view of the Strip is serviceable (much better at night because it's right across the pirate show at Treasure Island), and the food very reasonably priced for Palazzo standards (lunch for 2 with 2 drinks each is only 100). The problem is that Morel's does nothing to distinguish itself from the overcrowded bistro market in Vegas. Even in the Palazzo/Venetian it's going up against Bouchon and Pinot Brassiere, not t speak of the other bistros all around the strip (Payard, Mon Ami Gabi.. the list goes on). As a result the restaurant is almost always empty: the last time I was here for brunch there were only 6 more guests in the patio and none inside. For a restaurant that does much OK (service, food, prices) it's hard to write a good review because it is just fine in all categories but superb in none. If you are at the Palazzo for lunch you could certainly do a lot worse but be assured that you could do much better within only a 10 minute walking distance. You won't be disappointed with your meal but you probably won't remember it the next day either.
4	Excellent food and outstanding service!  Pricey, yes, but it's a nice restaurant in a nice casino in Vegas, what do you expect?
4	We decided to check out their breakfast here; although we were not staying at the Palazzo, I have stayed there before and it was absolutly fabulous. We came at the end of breakfast, around 1030am and so the restaurant wasn't that packed. In fast we were probably one of 10 tables there, and outside was closed since it was a bit windy. We ordered two cocktails, both of which were excellent, and necessary since when your in Vegas you are required (by law perhaps? :p ) to have a drink with every meal. My boyfriend ordered the french toast while I have the croque madam, I really liked my sandwich a lot but I have to say that my boyfriends meal was really what impressed me. The french toast was very nicely prepared and the flavors were off the charts, mine was a little heavy on the cheese for such a meal early in the day but that's mostly my fault since I knew it was quite the cheesy sandwich prior to ordering it. We had a $50 OpenTable gift certificate, so those always tend to ease the bill a little when traveling but still paid $70 out of pocket when all was said and done. I have to say for breakfast, for $120, it better be one REALLY nice breakfast, and although this was an excellent breakfast, the price really gives me pause. I believe this restaurant might have more to offer for their dinner menu, but if breakfast is going to run you this much I would expect the average dinner to two around $200-300 depending on what you ordered. With this is mind, would I come back here...only probably with an OpenTable gift certificate, otherwise I would most likely choose a different place for breakfast. But I feel the 3.5 stars I would like to give, given the great drinks and food, can be rounded up to a 4.
5	Getting better and better.  During the last downturn, noticed a change in quality and service.  But their current service staff and kitchen staff are producing some of the best consistent quality of food and beverage in Vegas.  Brunch is a must.  Have had dinner only twice, and very good.  Brunch rules, maybe better than Bouchon, which I'm sure is one of the best in Las Vegas.  Vast cheese selection, numerous brunch and lunch selections.  Food the last three times have been exceptional.  Service is wonderful, staff is warm and friendly which add to the whole experience.  Not rushed, so if your in a rush, tell them your timeline.
2	Unfortunately this was not the steak house we thought it would be.  The steak was "good", not great.  The appetizer (fondue) came the same time our steaks did.  I asked to have them take the steaks back until we were done with the fondue, the server argued.  I think if the bill is close to $300 plus, we should not have to argue with the server.  All in all, I would try another steak place in Vegas for the money.
2	I came here for brunch with a group of 13 people- joint bachelor/bachelorette parties.  We were all very hungover and we're dying for a good cure in brunch but unfortunately, we left with something to be desired.  We all got different things and everyone had complaints about their food.  A couple people received the wrong orders and everyone's food was less than "yum".  People who ordered medium rare burgers got well done on stale looking broiche.  The "most popular brunch item"- the crab omelette, was dry and tasteless.  My turkey club sandwich required a bunch of salt, pepper, and ketchup because it was completely void of all flavor.  Also, it was supposed to come with avocado which was missing when I got it- when I pointed it out to the waitress, she left and while I thought she was getting me a new sandwich, she was actually just getting me half an avocado instead.  Glad I paid $15 for a bland sandwich with ingredients on the side so I could make it myself.  But not gonna lie- I squeezed my iced tea lemon on the avocado and added some salt to it and that ended up being the tastiest part of my whole meal.  And the fries were good too but I'm not sure how you could really go wrong with fries anyway.  Then there was the service.  We were stuck paying an 18% gratuity due to the size of our group but that's certainly not the type of service we received.  Considering this is a fairly nice restaurant and food wasn't cheap, I thought service would be better.  The waitress was clearly over us and annoyed. Our tab was off by $80 and it was taking awhile for us to figure it out and that irked her too.  Yes we were there for a couple hours but the restaurant was almost empty so what did it matter?Wish we'd gone to the place in the Paris instead!
3	Hit Morels for happy hour several times. (two for one on several house liquors and Corona beer) They have good charcuterie plates and Felicia and the rest of the staff put up with me and did a great job. (Very friendly and accommodating ). I did have a breakfast that was good but wouldn't make me run back for their breakfast again. It was listed as having country ham and had lunch meat from the grocery ham. Not bad but not as listed on menu and not really that good either. These and lots of drinks were all I tried but I would say you could do worse than to try Morels.
4	Ate here 2 times during my stay at the Palazzo. We had different cheese boards both times at the bar. The bar staff were very helpful and knew a lot about the menu. This is a great place to relax after a long day at a convention! I would love to go back and try their diner menu.
3	Took advantage of the Restaurant Week special with a few buddies. Very nice upscale place on the strip located in the Palazzo. If you get a seat outside and you're lucky enough you can watch the Treasure Island show. Or if you're unlucky enough stay there during a show, all a matter of perspective.So the meal which was priced at 50.12Onion Soup Gratinee - Overall this was the best fancy named french onion soup i've had. It was rich and...soupy...it was good. Normally i don't order french onion soup or onion soup but this was good. Baby Iceberg Lettuce - Pretty much a wedge salad with three wedges. Bacon cuts were nice and thick and wonderfully smoked but the blue cheese dressing was way too rich and plentiful.Mediterranean Branzino - I did enjoy the sides the came with this Mediterranean SEABASS but for the fish itself...yeah i forgot what seabass tasted like. Way too buttery as well.Profiteroles  - enough with the fancy names...These are little puff pastries filled with vanilla ice cream and includes chocolate sauce. At this point of the dinner all of us were way too stuffed to even consider dessert but it came out anyway. I enjoyed the ice cream more then the pastry due to my need to live to eat another day.Morels relies on the older French ideology of cooking which heavily relies on rich and heavy sauces to enhance food. Totally different and may be a bit heavy on you if you're more used to lighter aromatic dishes of today's modern dining experiences.
3	This restaurant has a nice view of the Strip and looks fancy. The waiters are friendly and professional. Everything seems to be in order here, making it seem like the food will be just as fantastic. I came here for brunch and I have to say that I found my salad nicoise to be less than spectacular.  I don't want to use the word bland but I really do think they need to use just a tad more salt in their dishes. Maybe it's just me... I am in a love/hate relationship with sodium.Their bloody mary's looked amazing though, and I'm disappointed (at myself) for not ordering it. Next time!
1	Mediocre Food. Terrible Service. Management Doesn't Care.I had a very disappointing experience at Morels in Las Vegas. An otherwise good and respectable brand, this particular restaurant is not only sub-par to its other locations, but very below average when it comes to restaurants in Las Vegas. Let's start with the food. When I order a $62 steak (their Prime corn fed beef Rib Eye sans sides) I expect it to be awesome. Not OK. Not Mediocre. But simply awesome. It wasn't worth the money I spent on it. I could have gone to a real steak house (aka. Cut, Del Monico, Morton's, Mastros, ..), spent less money and gotten a better steak. The steak was blend not cooked medium-rare as I ordered. Too bad no service personnel was around to help me out, which leads me to the next chapter of disaster.Over the course of the dinner, I must have dealt with 4 to 5 difference waiter and waitresses. There were long absences where nobody was around to help us out. I knew something was off whey they seat you at the worst table in the house (that table next to a busy door), when the restaurant is half empty and stayed so throughout the dinner. They messed the oysters I ordered, forgot the wine, and disappeared on us. Lastly, what's almost the worst part, is management does not care the restaurant is falling apart at so many levels. On my way out, I happened to bump into a manager and briefly alerted him about my experience. I wasn't looking for a refund or a voucher, I had already paid at the time. The gentleman just did not care about the lack of quality and shrugged it off.Las Vegas has tons of great restaurants. It has many great steak houses - stick with what you know if you want to spend some good money and skip Morels.
1	This was probably the worse dining experience I have ever had in Las Vegas.  The server was not only rude, but uneducated in the food.  We ordered two steaks, mine was rare, my friend ordered medium.  When the server presented them, he could not tell them apart, and said, "well, they are almost the same anyway".  The charcuterie was brought and not explained at all, just sat down.  And that was about the only two times we saw the waiter.  We did see a large group of servers playing in the corner on their phones.  Then a manager came out and joined that group.  I could not believe it.  And to top it off, when I asked to speak to the manager, the hostess told me he is way too busy to speak to me, despite the fact I had watched him with the servers.  I do not like writing nasty reviews, but I wanted to warn people, this place is bad.  It feels the same way when walking through the Palazzo.  Everyone you run into makes you feel like they are doing you a favor helping you or even speaking to you.
4	Made a res on open table as it was tight this night. Seated us on time and wait staff was all over our party. Great wine selections and all enjoyed their apps with a lot of sharing going on. My rib eye was cooked to perfection and was extremely tender. We shared sides and all were tasty, but could have been portion sized a little larger. All meals very good and ne room for desserts but the ones we saw go by looked by good.
3	Here's the deal, I've been here probably 10 times over the last several years. The service and the food are hit or miss. Its not the people, it is a management problem. This becomes clearer after you get to know they staff, who are very friendly and, I think, are doing their best given the leadership.Let's start with the negative, the principal issues are food quality and inconsistency. You can have a great steak one week and a marginal steak the next. It could be cooked the way you ordered one week and the next its like you got someone else's order. Too many people service one table, you never know who is in charge because the guy or gal who appears to be your waiter, is on again off again. I think this is because when they are slow, they spread servers too thin. I've had good and bad servers, last night I had Eldifon and he was above average.On the positive side, they have an expansive wine list covering California, France and  Italy; the values are not there in terms of price, but they have selection. I was there on October 16 and the sommelier was great, he recommended a very good montrachet that was 3.5 times its retail, a little high for an '09. Though terribly inconsistent in terms of what they may have from time to time (management not minding the cheese list), they have one of the best cheese lists in Vegas and in the West when its in order. Too boot, they have about 20 bottles on the 'by the glass list' that are good for pairings with the cheese. They could probably do a better job of helping people make decisions, but, again...This is a diamond in rough shape. I would not do an important meal here, but if you are willing to go through some bumps its not a bad spot to try out. There are certainly worse!
4	Located in the Palazzo hotel, this place is nice with business casual dress code.  Shorts with a button shirt is acceptable.  This place has a lot of naked paintings which makes dining interesting.  They even have their own restrooms, so you don't need to go into a casino.  The food was very good.  The caesar salad is made table side which is a plus for me.  I had  the braised short rib.  Very moist, tender and rich with fat.  The only negative was the desserts were meh.  You expect them to be top notch in a French joint.  Overall... I thought it was a good meal.  I would definitely come back.
1	We dined on 10/26/12 while staying at the Palazzo. We were greeted kindly by the hostess. We ordered the east/west coast oysters after reading online that they have an oyster bar. They were delivered to our table with no explanation. There were three sauces that we navigated with no help from our waiter. Our steaks were prepared well but the Mac & cheese side was flavorless and the artichoke was overcooked and oversalted. The crab served with my filet oscar tasted a bit rancid. Our waiter was annoyed when we asked about the salts delivered with my husbands steak. We received far superior service from the support wait staff. We had a very good Pinot Noir, vantage point. Not worth a third of the $333 bill. This is my first negative review and I regret not reading the yelp reviews prior to making a reservation.
5	Here's one word that describes our experience at Morels:  decadent.  We were in town to watch GNR at The Joint, and I wanted to find a nice restaurant to celebrate my husband's birthday.  I read some of the reviews and was slightly apprehensive, but I took the plunge and made the reservations.  Although we were 30 minutes late, the hostess quickly sat us.  As other people have mentioned, the dining room at Morels is quite beautiful and elegant.  There's no smoking allowed which makes the dining experience that much more pleasant.  The clientele is a diverse mix.  To our right was a couple that was dressed in smart casual clothes (think dinner attire on a cruise).  To our left diagonal was a guy in a t-shirt and jeans with a mullet.  To our right diagonal was a party of 6 dressed in cocktail attire.  So in case you were wondering what the dress code was, it was fairly lenient.We had three people helping with our table.  I, unfortunately, can only remember Mike who was the "captain."  He was sensational as was his team.  Service was exemplary.  We never wanted for anything.  Our evening started out with two piping hot dinner rolls served with olive paste and creamy butter.  Then we were served the soup du jour which was a seafood bisque.  It was described to be similar to a lobster bisque.  The bisque was creamy and just hot enough to sip.  Along with the soup came the bibb lettuce and crab salad as well as the tuna tartare.  It was a very fresh and citrusy salad topped with a subtle and light tarragon dressing.  The combination of the peppers and the sesame oil in the tuna was a perfect ratio, not too overpowering on one side of the flavor palate over the other.  For dinner, my husband ordered a petite filet mignon with a side of country mac & cheese.  Though I didn't taste the pasta, I assume he enjoyed it since there was nothing left in the bowl.  I did, however, taste the filet which was cooked to a perfect medium, slightly pink in the middle with a nice velvety brown coating on the exterior.  It came with a side of bordelaise sauce which was a nice complement to the steak.  I ordered the 18 hour braised short rib.  Just when I thought that The Farm's short rib couldn't be topped, I was proven wrong by the dish that the chef at Morels prepared.  It was tender, had a unique flavor, probably brought on by the lardons of bacon which were part of the dish, and the quality of the beef was superb. We topped off our meal with what can only be described as a mind-blowing dessert:  the hazelnut & gianduja chocolate dome.  Try it and you'll see.Two more items on their menu which we found impressive:  they offered Duvel and Chopin.  We dined a several places in town while we were there and nobody had either of those two items on their menu.Lucky for us, there's a Morels closer to home at The Grove so we won't be missing it for very long.
5	We really liked this restaurant. Initially, we didn't go in because upon peering into the reception area, we could see a crowded and messy store room across from the hostess' station. We thought they were under construction so we walked away. However, we liked the menu and walked in. We had a couple of very attentive and professional wait staff checking in on us throughout the night. We had the bib salad with crab meat, which was delicious. The dozen oysters were exceptional. The cocktails were imaginative and addictive. We had the halibut, accompanied by various side dishes. Again, they were properly cooked and seasoned. The restaurant is beautifully decorated with dramatic black chandeliers. The wine list is extensive. If I had one minor complaint, it was a few staff members brushing against my chair several times during dinner. Nonetheless, I highly recommend this restaurant for the food, service, friendly hostesses, and overall ambiance. For two people, dinner including wine and cocktails was about $250 before gratuity. Now, if only they'll close the door behind them when accessing the store room.
1	Excellent aged steaks 5 stars, good service, wine selection pretty lame unless you want to spend hundreds and hundreds. BUT the crab salad was the cheapest POS salad ever, minus 5.  I stopped at one point and asked myself if it was some cheep caned watery tuna, about two tablespoons for $30.. If this place is in the top ten restaurants in Vegas as advertised, they should shut the town down and quit. Pitiful just pitiful, and the side of asparagus was much better.  If you want a complete dinner, skip this joint!
4	Table side Bloody Mary's. What else do you need.
2	The food was excellent but the service was lacking. When there is more servers than guests you might think that the waiters would be more attentive but that was wrong. Giving money away for service this poor is a waste. I would give 5 stars for the food alone, but because of the poor service, I will stick with 2 and recommend those interested in expensive steaks to go else-where.
2	We finished off a Thanksgiving weekend in Vegas at Morels, i have to say, we were disappointed.  When you pay $250 - $300 for dinner for 2 (with a bottle of wine), you expect them to be able to cook a steak correctly.  I ordered a bone in rib eye (I think...when you can't remember what kind of steak you ordered, that's telling you how memorable it was), medium rare, and it came out rare.  They took it back into the kitchen and cooked it some more.  Most of the steak came out medium rare, with some of the thinner part of the steak came out medium well.  The wait staff was attentive and professional, it was nice to have foie gras again, but i don't think we will be back.
3	I want to give this place a higher rating because their cheese and seafood selection is so good, but seeing as how they bill themselves as a steakhouse - I just can't.With that said, the grass-fed Kansas NY strip steak was completely average. I ordered it medium-rare and it was cooked properly, even though they've been known to have a hard time cooking a steak to a diner specifications. I had wanted to order some asparagus but they were out, so I got artichokes instead - these were only okay. So yeah, the steaks?  A total miss.The seafood on the other hand... we got the seafood platter and it. was. phenomenal! The shrimp cocktail (which is usually just average) was the best I've ever had. The texture of the shrimp were just perfect, the chilled crab delightful and the oysters were fresh! They shuck them to order, and have a varied selection of sizes that span the east and west coast. These fresh fruits from the sea were served over crushed ice (how else?) accompanied by fresh lemon, mignonette (no shallots or black pepper to be found though), cocktail sauce and a whole grain mustard mayo. Wonderful! They definitely boast the most fantastic cheese selection in Las Vegas. My only concern is that they do not seem busy enough to possibly sell enough cheese to be turning it over quickly. With cheese, as soon as you cut into a wheel, the quality of it begins to go down. However, everything I had was delicious, especially with the fresh baguette, house made date spread and honey comb.The charcuterie platter was equally delicious and a fantastic savory compliment with whole grain mustard, cocktail onions and cornichons! Mmm. Cured meats are my kryptonite.I was informed by a former manager of the restaurant that Morel's had the best French Onion soup in town.. I found this to not be so. It arrived at the table not quite hot enough, not enough cheese, although the broth was robust it still seemed to be lacking something. If you're there and it's what you're craving, then okay.. but definitely not worth going out of your way for.The pistachio souffle with cherry ice cream was more than worth the wait and I'd highly recommend it! I'm a sucker for a good souffle, and Morel's can do theirs right.The wine list is also worth a mention as it is varied and lengthy and well thought out with a lot of interesting bottles. If you find the list intimidating, their French sommelier Alex will be more than happy to help you find something you'll adore.
3	Ok, we stopped in for breakfast so we know that means the B team is on  deck. Food was good. A bit pricey but well prepared. Service was odd and inconsistent. No attention to detail.
5	Their Grand Plateau is by far, the MOST exquisite dish of your life. Pounds of lobster, jumbo shrimp, and succulent oysters (i hate oysters), all served to you on a towering platter of awesomeness. If you're looking for residual, never ending fun in Vegas, this is the way to go! Don't forget to wash it all down with iced cold vodka and champagne.
4	We enjoyed a relatively late new year's eve dinner (10:00pm).  The top reasons I made reservations for Morels a couple of weeks before were:1. Proximity to the strip.  It's right by the Palazzo entrance.  Easy for us to run out and see the fireworks in 30 seconds.   2.  They were serving the a la carte menu unlike a lot of other restaurants that night doing some $250+ per person prix fixe bs.  I'd rather just do the full meal deal at Joel Robuchon instead paying that kind of money for overpriced NYE menus at Comme Ca, Koi or holy crap god forbid Sugar Factory.  3.  STEAKOur starters were the "Onion Soup Gratinee" and the "Pan Seared French Rougie Foie Gras".  The soup was a 3 out of 5.  We prefer our onion soups a little more robust and wine flavored where this was kind of sweet.  It was a hearty portion as it should be for $10 but not worth ordering again.  The foie gras on the other hand was deeeeeelicious.  It was accompanied by caramelized red onion, candied apples and balsamic reduction.  There's just something about the fatty and unique flavor of the duck liver with fruit that I can't get enough of.  Restaurants in Vegas like Andre's and Gordon Ramsay Steak do it really well and this was right up there.  For the entree, we chose not to mess around and just went with the 32 oz porterhouse for two prepared rare.  They served it tableside and it came with roasted rosemary potatoes, fricassee of baby turnips, sauce Bordelaise, onions & carrots.  We asked to keep the bone as always either in hopes of being ambitious a few days later and using it to make beef noodle soup at home or just gnawing at the bone while walking down the street like a couple of insane canines later in the evening.The steak was very good.  32 oz is a monster cut and we were only able to finish half and box the rest.  I actually preferred the sirloin side over the filet this time around which was kind of surprising for me.All in all a very solid choice for steak but still not close to the best steaks in their own building thanks to Mr. Batali and Mr. Puck.  I would come back here for happy hour and also when it's warmer to dine outdoors.
1	Did not liked my steak very dry and flavorless. Not coming back.
3	Four stars for the steak! I had a bone-in RIbeye with some eggs for bfast. FANTASTIC. My wife had the huevos rancheros and that was not very good at all. Very bland. Come here for steaks and nothings else and you will be okay. =)
5	Love the food!!! Love, love!!  Servers are not overly friendly, but that gets over-looked because of the food.
1	Turn down the grill. Our steaks were scorched and tough on the outside. Inside, they were great. That means it was a good piece of meat ruined by an idiot on the grill. At these prices, inexcusable!
4	Service was a bit spotty.  But they were busy.   Food was great.   Order the short rib.  It was perfect..
4	My husband loves this place. I like it.I've been here twice I honestly can't remember what I had the first time because it was two years ago. This last time I had short ribs that were good. We had artichokes as a side and I really liked them I dipped my bread in the butter!  We had fondue as well and it was good. The oysters were fresh and horseradish potent! The service was good though the waiter was acting...off?
2	Let's make it clear, I'm a fan of foie gras and I'm a hater on those who banned it in California. Therefore, on my recent trip to Vegas, I knew I HAD to get my foie gras fix. I looked up a few restaurants to see who had a seared foie gras on their menu, and I was happily surprised that Morels had it, especially since we were staying at Palazzo. How convenient! I called the restaurant on Thursday to make sure they will have foie gras on Friday and they said yes.We didn't get in to Vegas 'til really late Friday night, our dinner reservation was at 9:30pm. The moment I sat down and saw the seared foie gras on their menu, I knew I was in for a treat. To my dismay, when I was ready to order, our waiter informs me that they were out! Really?! You're out of foie gras??? He says that they sell so much on a daily basis, especially to Californians. Uh, hello?! That's me!! He went back to the kitchen and confirmed that they were out 'til Monday! Seriously?! The chef did NOT plan the menu accordingly. How can you run out of such a 'hot' item, especially right before a busy weekend? I couldn't believe it. My 4.5hr drive was a waste. My weekend was already off to a bad start. I was devastated. If I had known they had such a limited supply, I would have dined elsewhere.
4	Overall our experience yesterday was excellent.  Our waitstaff and food were top notch.  The cheese fondue was perfectly made.  I ordered the prime , 35 day aged new york strip and it was perfectly prepared at medium rare.  If the weather is nice I recommend sitting outside.  You have a view of TI (and their show).  Highly recommended.
3	Caveat-I do not eat red meat.  I picked this place based on reviews and knowing that most of our party loves steak.  The staff were friendly and helpful but you have to wonder when your waiter doesn't know what grade the meat is and seemed confused by questions about the different cuts.  Nonetheless, our meals were all very good (I had halibut) and the salads & desserts were to die for. The sommelier was very knowledgeable and chose great wines or us.  All in all, while Morels didn't quite live up to the hype, it was delicious food in a beautiful setting and I would go again.
2	I think I may have hit Morels on an off day. It was Saturday brunch, the service was slow from start to finish, and the food was just ok. The whole time I was sitting there I wished I had walked from Palazzo to Venetian to dine at Bouchon instead. So close to a fabulous restaurant (well, a long winding walk through two casinos and an elevator ride), and I went with the more convenient option instead. Oh well, next time I won't make the same mistake. I did have a seat out on the patio, which was nice on a beautiful March Vegas day, but the view doesn't compare to that of Mon Ami Gabi (the French steak house at the Paris), although it does offer a glimpse of the strip. I had some time, so I didn't mind waiting a long time for my meal, but it took them forever even to bring me my coffee, which I desperately needed, and which ended up being the highlight of the meal: Strong, delicious and French press brewed. They bring complimentary beignets, which is nice, but these were cold, and nothing to write home about. I had the banana and mascarpone stuffed french toast. I think this is a good dish, maybe a touch too sweet for the portion size, but my maple syrup had a firmed up into a film and took away from the overall enjoyment. I do think that the place is probably better overall than it was the day I visited, but I won't rush back here. Next time I'll take the long winding walk to Bouchon instead.
3	I would rate this as a poor man's bouchon (though not any cheaper).  My wife and I came for a very early dinner after a late night out.  The front of house was just making a shift change and service was a little slow to get started. We ordered some oysters, of which a few were definitely sad excuses for Kumamotos served to customers at $35+ for a dozen. We also got a Caesar for 2 which was a nice table side presentation and no complaints there.  We shared a prime rib eye as our entree and it was a decent steak.  I asked for medium rare and I would say the temperature was a bit uneven with the middle rare and the exterior a bit more well.  Seems like an issue with not letting the steak come to temp before cooking or just a by product of uneven heat in the broiler or pan.  Overall the steak was good though and came with a nice salt selection and a side of sauce bordelaise.  The service was mixed as one of our lead servers was great and the other lady was just trying to upsell everything which is always a turnoff.  Come here if you are at the Palazzo, otherwise there are plenty of other options that are better and more worth your money.
3	my favorite place for breakfast when in vegas. quiet and serene atmosphere and breakfast is great. lox and bagel, plenty for two to share. the omelets are cooked fully with no runny egg and so fluffy that it melts in your mouth. again enough for two to share. crepes are delightful with vanilla fragrance and delicious fillings. their fruit platter is nice to start the day with as well as their pastries basket. their coffee is just fragrant and strong. orange juice is freshly squeezed and very refreshing. my daughters favorite is their turkey hash. their bloody mary cart is delightful as well.
1	not a fan. i went here because i was starving after driving for 5 hours to vegas from california. we had reservations to another location but arrived to late so we missed it.i ordered the Pina punch to start, and my husband had the arrogant bastard. my drink was probably the best part of the entire meal.Salads: Husband ordered a single caesar, and i ordered the iceberg salad with bleu cheese. the caesar had no croutons which is weird, isnt that a staple? and my salad was just bad all together. there was hardly any bacon, and the bacon that was there was hard as a rock and super greasy.my husband wanted to eat light, so he ordered the crab cocktail for his entree, and i decided to get the halibut. his crab cocktail was not fresh, and most likely came from a can. my halibut, was bad. bad bad bad. it smelled very fishy, and im pretty sure it was tilapia! we shared the potato dauphin (scalloped with bread crumbs and cheese) and those werent too bad.overall, it was pretty bad. we ordered fried artichokes too, and just by looking at them you could tell they were frozen and they tasted so bad i spit them out. even the waiter knew they were bad! he said they get that complaint all the time!go else where! the worst $130 ive ever spent on dinner.
1	I wish I read the reviews before I went here....Where to begin...I ordered a cocktail with a lime - it came to the table - they whisked it out of my hand and handed me another drink - with a lemon.... Okaaayyyy.I ordered the filet mignon medium rare - it came blood raw... I sent it back - and all they did was re-fire the same piece of meat - which was a subpar piece to begin with.... Having already cut it made it very dry when they served it to me again.  When I pay for a $60 small filet - cooked right and not dry would be nice.  The bernaise was horrible - there was one flake of tarrigon in the cold oniony goo.  And I guess there must be more than one person dining at a table to be served bread - which the people literally sitting right next to me - let me know that it was really good... I guess I'll take their word for it.So... One cocktail, one glass of house cab, one small filet, one baked potato plain, one serving of bernaise = an even $100.00.Do not waste your money here. If the food was worth it - even with getting everything wrong with that simple order - maybe... However, the food just is not cooked well.
4	We decided on breakfast at Morels.  French Toast stuffed with bananas and mascarpone cheese - Very very good!!Crepe with smoked salmon and scrambled eggs - So big and so good!  The smoked salmon did not smell fishy at all and there was scrambled eggs in the crepe and on top of the crepe!  Smoked salmon in and out of the crepes.Big Breakfast - sausage, 3 eggs of your choice, brioche panini and hash browns and coffee/juice - good value for your moneyCoffee - darn good - strong Rwanda coffee - perked me right up!Will definitely come back here!
2	The service was good, but I have to say I was totally disappointed.  I had been wanting to go there for quite some time and was excited when we finally decided to go for dinner.  The food was just okay and some of it, the leafy salads, just didn't seem all that fresh.  Just a bummer all around.
4	we just came from dinner here and had really good food served by a young yet professional wait staff. we started with the charcuterie and romaine salad for 2. no disappointments there. then we had a ribeye and the brick chicken which was really good and krispy! the ribeye was not as great but, pretty darn good. we got a side of mashed potatoes (yum!) and the artichoke. the artichoke was the only real disappointment. i come from santa cruz county and was raised on castroville artichokes. they served them dry with a bread crumb topping and very very al dente. we finished with coffee (pressed) and creme brulee, because no one told us they had dessert souffles which take 20 minutes to prepare. the only other disappointment because you're not handed a dessert menu until after the meal...also, if your restaurants name is Morels...should there be at least one morel item in the menu?
3	Lunch is delicious... Seafood pasta is not bad at all... The best part is they have reverse happy hour from 12:00 pm to 6:00 pm
2	Seated and had to wait 8 to 10 minutes before server came to our table. There was 4 of us and we ordered appetizers and 2 bottles if wine. All 4 of us ordered ribeye steaks. When steaks arrived, the other 3 were definitely ribeyes. But mine absolutely looked like a New York steak. I asked the busboy who brought my dish if mine was indeed a ribeye. He said yes. I ate a few bites in and knew it was not a ribeye. Our waiter walked by several times without asking how our steaks were but noticed him looking at my steak but no mentioning anything. I finally flagged him down and said this is definitely not a ribeye. He said ok an brought it back to kitchen. Then few minutes later manager came to me and said they are making me new piece of meat. I asked if indeed mine was not ribeye but manager said he didn't know but that my new steak would be out soon. All I wanted was acknowledgement that they screwed up and apology. Did not ever get it. Even when waiter came by with new steak I asked him if my old meat was New York steak and he said when it comes to mess ups , he just mentions it to his manager and let's him handle the kitchen and he also said he just washes his hands when it comes to the mess ups. Ridiculous that not one person took accountability and apologized for error. All they said was my new steak would be out soon. Wow. That was total turnoff. Especially when we are staying at the Venetian hotel , it was not representing the experience of the hotel. Bad bad bad. Spending almost $500 for the four of us but getting a poor problem resolution experience. Just apologize, people! With all the other steakhouses in Vegas, won't be recommending this one to anyone again based on this!
3	Had short rib, was too dry. Should have gone to Lawrys or Spago. Waiters forgot to refill our water and wine.
4	French press coffee - very nice.  Food was pretty good, toast was weird.  Service was pretty good, but pricey.  Would be back but probably not on my own dime.
4	Decided to try the Brunch at Morels on a Sunday.  A short wait put us at the bar for a quick cappuccino, then on the patio as requested.  Service, food, selection, menu adjustments all fantastic.  This would be a 5-star rating were it not for the fact that they made me cash out my cappuccino bill at the bar, and carry it myself to the table.  This caliber of restaurant should have been a bit more on top of that inconvenience.  Otherwise, very positive!
5	French press Ecuador coffee, Lorraine quiche, mushroom & gruyere crepe, lox and bagels. Great service.
2	The place and location is great but service and Food is bad, definitely   will not go there again.Lavo next door is definitely a much better choice.
5	Had lunch at Morel's in the Palazzo yesterday. I wasn't terribly hungry, so Ijust ordered the crispy prawns appetizer. The waiter didn't seem disturbed as some do when I order an appetizer as my meal. MY husband had the turkey club & fries. The service was great. The prawns were very crispy and cooked perfectly. Mike said his club sandwich was very good. We will most likely have breakfast there in the next day or two.
4	Had a good dungeness crab omelette. It was quite a hefty omelette. You also get some complimentary beignets when you sit down.
3	Expensive and not in Los Angeles League.The food is good, the salmon fate is excellent.Steak for $62 should taste at least like LA's steakhouses steaks that priced not more than $50.There is a 20% voucher for the Pallazo guests, use it to save a lot of money.
2	I'll start by saying this review is entirely based upon the food/wine quality, not the service. The maitre'd was very pleasant, seated me right away and my server was very pleasant and attentive. Having said that, don't waste your time or your money coming here, coupon or convenience factored in. My lunch fare of a standard moules frites and glass of Sauvignon Blanc was beyond underwhelming.  My initial pour of the glass of wine was the end of an old bottle and tasted like it. When my entree arrived, the smallest mussels I've ever seen sat in my dish. The largest few in the dish were barely average-sized. I don't know if they scale lunch down, but given its attached to a convention center, they may want to re-think that. The best part of my meal was the fries. Let me tell you, that even as a French Fry luvah, their fresh, hand-cut fries weren't enough.Overall, skip this place and seek other options ESPECIALLY if you're not staying at the Palazzo or Venetian.
2	Had a business dinner here with a number of clients. Service was good; food was bad.Steak was tough at medium (as recommended by the chef). Desert was pretty bland. Everything in between was mediocre.
4	I recently went to Vegas for business and had about 10 hours to kill before my trip home. Since the trip was on the company dime, I had little hope that I would find something healthy and tasty enough to fall within Per Diem rates. Morels did not disappoint.My colleagues and I dropped in for a late breakfast/early lunch armed with a 20% off coupon from The Palazzo, and were delighted to discover that the menu offered enough variety to satisfy everyone in our party. Since I was craving breakfast, I was able to order a free range mushroom and herb omelet, along with several tasty rounds of rich, roasted coffee served in a personal French Press.  The accompanying Pommes Frites were unexpected and appreciated, but a little too salty and heavy.Wait staff were very friendly and attentive, and more than tolerant of our "frumpy slugs from Ohio" attire. The restaurant seemed shockingly empty for a Friday around noon; however, I appreciated the opportunity to relax in a beautiful and quiet space -- an escape from the bleeps, blips, and incessant smoke that lurks in the casinos just outside.
5	The best steak I've had at a restaurant period. I ordered the Grass Fed New York strip medium rare. Yes, they have grass fed beef and organic pastured chickens here. With a great view of the strip, and outside balcony seating, Morels French Steakhouse is Vegas dinner must.
3	The food was great. I ordered the salmon was amazing!!! The baked potato on the other hand was hard, like it was not cooked enough. But, the real reason it only got a 3 was because our waitress Luz V. Was a monster!! She was very, very rude, had the worst customer service ever. She actually be- littled/ argued with another server right in front of us, i felt so bad for the guy. she would not tent to our needs. And with the amount of money you're throwing down, you think it would be the best service ever!!! This was my first time, my friends before told me how great this place was... but it left a bad taste in my mouth, that i doubt I'll be returning for another time... if it wasn't for Luz V. The review would have been much better, because the others were great!! Even the manager offered us a bottle of wine...
2	Things you will NOT find at Morel's:Fresh fruitSeasoningsPristine ServiceThings you will find at Morel's:Overpriced menu items for the quality being servedOdd, bumbled serviceUnder-seasoned foodMy friend and I decided to do breakfast at Morel's. We have somewhat of a tradition going on of trying new places to eat at. Our most recent jaunts have been to French places. Morel's comes in at our number three experience at a French restaurant on the strip and it is dead last based on service and food.The reason for two stars has to do with the food primarily. I can overlook poor service if the food is spectacular, but Morel's is putting out average food parading as fresh French cuisine. With so many other better options to eat at on the Strip Morel's should be ashamed at what they are plating.To begin we ordered the fruit plate. An assortment of tragically cut mediocre fruit is what was served. Blueberries that were not fresh, but looked as though they had been frozen for days. ONE strawberry haphazardly cut, a measly portion of pineapples, cantaloupe and honeydew melon. I could have gotten this assortment of fruit at Denny's, in a bowl, as a side dish, without the $11 price tag. Truly a waste.I had: Crab Eggs Benedict. While the presentation was perfect the execution was poor. It was plain and simple: BLAND. The crab was tasteless, the bread was decent, the entire dish - didn't seem to be seasoned at all! To add to this, there was no salt or pepper on the table. I realized I should have salted and peppered my dish about halfway through it and at that point I basically said screw it, I'm just going to finish it.My friend had: Crab Omelet with a side of potatoes, mushrooms, and peppers. This was touted to be amazing by our server.... it was also bland, lacking any real depth or flavor. The dish sorely needed salt, just something to make the potatoes pop. I've had better breakfast potatoes at numerous establishments that could beat these by a long shot. My friend ordered a side of mustard just to give her meal a bit more kick to it.Costa Rican Pressed Coffee - At $5 for the press this is a bit of a splurge, but honestly the coffee was the best part of my meal.Service - Our server was nice, but the busser didn't bother to acknowledge our table's presence when we sat down. We were approached by a server who wanted to take our order AFTER we had already put in our order with another server. I mean, stuff like this I might dismiss at other restaurants, but not at a place where I'm paying $11 for a plate of fruit. STEP UP YO GAME MOREL'S.Overall - I will not return here. There are numerous other places in Las Vegas to find a good breakfast. And honestly if they can't do breakfast right I have very low expectations of their dinner service and quality of steaks.
1	It is not worth the money,on top of that the waiter spilled the wine on the table and on my brand new white shirt without even apologize the general manager comes by gives me his card and say go buy a shirt and bring me a receipt and I will take care of it ,next day we went bought a shirt and he wouldn't pay.
4	We ate breakfast here and had a couple of crepes and some toast. We had the Mushroom and Gruyere Crepe and the Ham and Gruyere Crepe. Both were very good, but I preferred the Mushroom Crepe. I do not ask for much in a Crepe. All I need it to be is light, airy, thin, crispy around the edges and have a even light Maillard reaction across both surfaces. The Chefs at Morels met all those Crepe requirements on both dishes. I am a big fan of Gruyere so you cannot trust my opinion on their choice of Cheese as it is most likely biased. The Gruyere in their Crepe was of excellent quality. It had lots of nuttiness and fruitiness. You just know that wheel has Switzerland stamped all over it. The Mushrooms were properly sauteed and seasoned. I had read reviews where people say that their food had no flavor. I am a big proponent of letting the staff know your if food is bland. Thankfully, I did not have this issue on this trip to Morels. The Toast was a couple of pieces of Brioche, some Jam and Butter. It was a good breakfast accompaniment but nothing I didn't have at home. I see quite a mixed bag of reviews for Morels. I have eaten here more than a few times and  have always had a good experience with the food. I will continue to eat here as long as that stays true.
3	The bread is not warm. The half oyster plate had one empty shell so we got 5 oysters total. We ordered the bone in New York steak. I've definitely had better at lesser restaurants. The service is excellent but the food did not hit the spot.
3	Just another steak house wasn't great nothing to rave about. It's 5 am and the food is still stuck in my throat! Place is nice but not my style. Would have liked to sit on the patio but it was just too damn hot out. Service was good, but I won't be back. Mediocre food just doesn't cut it! Sorry and its overpriced for the quality of food.
4	I LOVE coming here for brunch. I may try this place for dinner another time, but brunch is amazing. The service was amazing and food was overall delicious. The reason for 4 stars instead of 5 was for 2 reasons: 1. the hostesses were a tad bit rude; and 2. the brioche that was included with my eggs benedict was slightly burnt. Other than that everything was great!
1	I brought 15 clients to this restaurant to enjoy a nice dinner and it was most disappointing.   To list my complaints about horrible service and bad food would take to much time an effort.  Las Vegas has way to many better places to eat than Morles.  Spend your money and time and elsewhere.  You have been warned!
3	Came here for a bachelorette brunch and was pleasantly surprised. If I could enjoy this place hungover and drunk at the same time, anyone can enjoy this place. The onion soup is amazing and so are the crepes. Honestly, the size of those suckers was tremendous! You would think they would skimp out because its a 'high-end vegas restaurant' but not at all! For the price, you definitely get enough food to keep you pleasantly full. The staff was very prompt and friendly but then again I've only been here for brunch and have yet to experience dinner. I know there are some negative reviews about the staff but I have yet to experience that... I guess til' next time Morel's! Brunch - A-OkDinner - To be continued...
4	Had a croque monsieur for lunch, the most decadent I've ever had. Fries that came with the sandwich were also really good. Raw oysters were fresh. Was there for the 2 for 1 happy hour special (which means 2 glasses of wine for the price of 1). Service was good at the bar.
5	This place is great. Great atmosphere, great food and an Amazing sommelier Alex(complete with cool French accent). My favorites were the Steak Heirloom Tomato salad, the fried prawns and frites, and the cheeses(huge variety to many to name). Lunch on the patio was my favorite.
3	We ate breakfast here one morning.  It was $50.00 and was just ok.  I found the coffee expensive and bitter.  I wasn't impressed with the coffee which can make or break a breakfast as far as I'm concerned.  My eggs came with brioche which was soso, it was not the greatest tasting bread.  I would be inclined to go back and try it for diner but I wouldn't recommend this place for breakfast.The decor was nice and the service good.  Just not anything extraordinary.
5	This is definitely one of my favorite places in Vegas. It's a steakhouse, however we never tried the steak there. We always go with the seafood and French onion soup.
2	We started off on the wrong foot right off the bat. My husband and I arrived at the host stand and informed the three girls behind the podium that we were there to join them for happy hour and asked if it was available on the patio. The general reception was less than warm and we were told that yes, happy hour was available on the patio and in the bar. Intending to head out to the patio on a cool November night, I asked if there were heaters and was told, "uh, yeah, not sure which have propane..." seeing where this was going I decided just to sit out there. The girl that escorted us back was literally sneering at us and when we got to the patio, she pointed at the first table and said, "there." Not exactly host-like.Sitting at the high top table, we noticed that there was a serious wobble in the table. So serious that when anyone adjusted in their seat, our waters spilled a bit. We asked our waitress if we could move to one of the many low tables on the patio, and we were told that those are reserved for dinner and that they would be full (later I am assuming) but we could sit inside. I asked if an exception could be made due to the fact that the table was broken and I was told no so we moved inside. The happy hour is two drinks for one and you can share but only if you are sharing the same thing so no mixing and matching. I ordered the happy hour white and my husband the Kronenbourg. The funny thing about two for one is that it basically takes that price of one drink down to what it would cost in any other city so it isn't really a deal if that is what you are looking for. We however, were not looking for a deal per se; we were looking for cheese.Reading the reviews, the cheese selection was supposed to be one of the best in Vegas. I am quite the cheese lover and actually know a fair amount about cheese and like to be challenged and try new things. I was expecting a much more robust program including explanations and descriptions. There were none and our waitress didn't seem to know too much except for what was "good" which isn't really helpful when describing something as complex as cheese. Regardless, we got five cheeses and when they didn't have one of the ones we ordered, they gave us an extra one (which was nice-ish since she gave us the one we specifically said we didn't want - weird) and subbed out the one we ordered with another one I didn't want since it is a cheese I get regularly at home. A choice would have been nice. Ultimately, we had a huge amount of cheese, some booze, and were hanging out in Vegas so we were fine however if I want cheese again, I would head to the Wynn's Le Cave which has less to choose from but a much more knowledgeable and  friendly staff.
2	I am a fan of this restaurant.  I frequented it in los angeles. But i had never eaten breakfast here. My first issue is that it took 30 min to get my food! I have to say I was disappointed. I came with my family. I ordered a steak and eggs. The steak was very blandMy wife ordered ham and cheese crepes.  The ham tasted processed like it was low qualityMy mother in law ordered a veggie omelet. She also stated that her food was bland. My sis in law orders the benedict.  I think that was the only ok dish. I know this place has an amazing lunch and dinner. But breakfast failed.
5	One of the best places I have ever had breakfast and brunch! They have an array of options, all delicious and the service is top of the line. It's is everything you would expect from a world known hotel on the Las Vegas strip! I would recommend the eggs Benedict cooked to perfection on their creamy smooth hollandaise sauce. Or if looking for lighter fare, a croque Madame will do the trick with some fresh fruits. I am looking forward to returning and trying out the dinner menu. This place was worth every penny to me and I will bypass any of those all you can eat buffets and come here instead. A culinary adventure that always has a gastronomically good ending.
2	Of all the steakhouses in Vegas, this has got to be the worst. Service was ok, not the best. Price ranges from $20-
3	I had to give Morels 3 stars for a few reason:We went there for breakfast, and although there were only 2 other parties, we waited about 45 minutes for our food and we hadn't ordered anything fancy.We had to ask several times for different condiments. and.... food is just OK. For the price, you would think extraordinary.I got the ham and cheese crepe, it was good, but I've had better.My sister got the benedict and it was very messy and hard to eat. My dad asked for veggies on the side of his omelet instead of potatoes, but when his plate arrived, there were no veggies -_- I've dined at their LA location, and it was much better.
4	Restaurant Week gives me the opportunity to try places that I normally wouldn't be able to afford. It's low risk with a sometimes high reward. In this case that was true. I went for breakfast, so It may not be the most accurate representation of the food quality for dinner (it's really hard to make a terrible breakfast). I really enjoyed the personal french press coffee, juevos racheros were tasty, banana and marscopone french toast was as good as you think it was, croque madame was filling, and the service was exceptional. Because I went for breakfast on a weekday it was not busy and I got to sit outside. I actually went there twice in one week. The second time it was a perfect day and our server let us linger for about 2.5 hours and was the perfect amount of attentive without being overbearing. Two things I thought were underwhelming were the sugar doughnuts (just ok, nothing to write home about) and the bloody marys. Yes they make it at your table, but I don't buy into that hype. I don't care if you make it in front of me, in the bar, in the kitchen, or in the back alley if it isn't good. The bloody mary is underwhelming. I say skip the "fancy" at your table bloodies and get an extra entree to share with the table.
2	We got dinner here and at first it looked very promising...but this place definitely disappointed. The ambience was nice and we had reservations so we were seated right away. I'm giving it 2 stars only because my 18 hour braised short ribs were pretty decent ... It would have been better had it not been COLD. When they said "18-hour braised" I didn't think they meant it would feel like 18 hours had passed before you got your food. My entire party's food was cold. We had ordered some drinks and wine, and had to wait at least half an hour for us to get our drinks. Some of them got the wrong drink order and some drinks given to the wrong people. I supposed when it takes you that long to get a drink, you tend to forget whose drink belongs to whom -__-  still, I'm pretty sure it doesn't take that long to get wine. I mean.. 1)open bottle 2) pour 3) serve. Service was AWFUL. It didn't seem like the waiters really knew what they were doing. They offered to split our checks, and at the end of the night, said they couldn't. Maybe because they knew they were already going to get gratuity?? (Our party was 6+) who knows. The table next to us were seated after us and they got their good before us. The staff looked like they were running around like headless chickens not really doing anything. The place didn't even seem that busy. Definitely not coming back here unless I had the whole day to wait for mediocre food and an extra $100 lying around that I really NEED to get rid of--for a plate of food that I could easily get at the Cheesecake Factory for a quarter of the price.
4	I booked one of their private rooms for our group. Unforeseen events kept happening and I had to keep changing our reservation - the date, the time, number of people in our party, etc. They've been very patient and accommodating. We had customized menus and a view of Fashion Show Mall. Every single detail I asked for was perfect! The service was excellent.House Mesclun Salad:Mixed greens with cherry tomatoes and balsamic vinaigrette. Nothing unusual or exciting. 3/5Steak Frites:Certified angus skirt steak with Maitre d'Hotel butter and pommes frites. Almost everyone in our group ordered this and I had a big piece of steak since I got mine medium-rare while those who got medium-well and over had a significantly smaller piece of meat. I'm not a fan of grossmary (rosemary) and it was sprinkled all over my steak that I couldn't taste salt. The fries were crispy. 3.5/5Creme Brulee with Hazelnut Cookie:I was only expecting the classic vanilla creme brulee but I got a trio instead. Aside from the classic, I also got pistachio creme brulee and salted caramel creme brulee. I like variety so this was perfect. So creamy and wonderful with the burnt sugar on top. My favorite out of the 3 was the caramel. The hazelnut cookie was a nice touch, It added crisp to a creamy dessert. So good. 4.5/5
5	One of the best brunches I have ever had.
3	I started a new December tradition this year--having breakfast on Christmas Day and New Year's Day somewhere on the Las Vegas Strip preferably with a patio and hopefully no wind.I've been going to try Morels during Restaurant Week but never got to it.  I called last week to check that the patio was open for breakfast and that it was heated.  The woman I spoke to said, "Oh yes!  It's very nice."I was there close to opening time this morning.  When I went in, I asked the host if the patio was open.  He said, "Yes, but it's cold out."  I replied that I knew and I had dressed warmly.  I was shown to a table facing TI.  During the 45 or so minutes I was there, I had no company on the patio and the heaters were not on nor were any turned on for my benefit.Having read the Yelp reviews and the menu online, I think I knew when I went I would be ordering the mascarpone stuffed French toast.  I also got the Kenya AA Oaklands Estate coffee that was done in a French press.  I got a glass of tomato juice and some tabasco to make my spicy breakfast drink.The French toast was excellent.  When I ordered, my server, Carlos, asked if I wanted the syrup on the side which was my choice.  The French toast is a nice sized round of tasty bread filled with mascarpone and topped with fresh strawberries, bananas, and a few raspberries.  The cinnamon on the toast and some crunchy sugar on the berries added to the fine flavor.  The syrup was good, but I could use it sparingly the French toast was so good.Carlos brought me a second pot of coffee and I enjoyed sitting there watching the workers do some painting of the walls.  I hadn't seen any graffiti from New Year's Eve partiers, but maybe they were just cleaning up some foot prints where people jumped the wall to get to the closed Boulevard.I would have given Morels four stars but for the heaters.  When you call ahead and get a yes answer and then it's not true and no one offered to light the one right behind me, it's a service let down for me.  Carlos was a fine server and we talked about where he had parked NYE so he could get to work and back to his car with the street closures.  He gave me some tips I'll put to use next year when I do go to the Boulevard or close instead of watching on TV.
4	Hands down, Morels Bloody Mary is the best one I've had EVER.  On every visit to Vegas, I have to stumble in on Sunday morning to get my fix! :)I think their secret is the horseradish.  Doesn't matter to me, just keep them coming!
5	My review is only for the Cheese tasting-Saying that this meal was amazing is an understatement. I received some excellent recommendations from the waiter for what cheeses were best. I was not disappointed! These cheeses were nothing like I've ever tasted before. The prosciutto was heavenly as well. It was quite an experience! My boyfriend and I were talking about our 'Cheese Date' for the rest of the night. Highly suggested for foodies that love cheese!My one complaint (This ALMOST brought it down to a 4) was that we made reservations for 4pm (Only 2 people), but they were not able to seat us until at least 4:30. What?
2	I have to give this place 2 stars , although the food is more like 3 star quality. My husband and I came in around 11am and they were serving their brunch menu. He really wanted a steak, so they were nice enough to offer him the selection of dinner steaks. He ordered the 24oz rib-eye (comes by itself, no sides..fine..typical for high-end restaurants). He ordered it medium and it was more like medium-well. The edges were really dry and not much pink inside for such a thick piece of meat. Overall, it didn't taste great and most definitely not worth $60!! That's what the minus one star is for.. I expect amazing steak for $60...seriously I've had better top sirloin at Sizzler for $10.I ordered the crab omelet and it was nothing special. Okay, but really not flavorful. Just a simple omelet with crab in the middle -- oh and little pieces of crab shells --- wtf! Shells in a $19 omelet?!! Not okay.I don't recommend this place. Food is not up to par with the prices.
3	Only had the linguine and clams and was not good. Pasta was over cooked, sauce was too salty. Clams themselves were good. My husband loved his beef tartare. Service and ambiance was good. Not worth the prices
1	Terrible. Food and service.I have been to just about every strip steak place and this is hands down my least favorite. And not just by a little bit, by a rather large margin.I love steak and I love French so this should have been a match made in heaven, perhaps how much I looked forward to going here tainted my view but it was so bad it can't all have been my bias. Just look at my review record- I have enver given 1 star to anything else- I am a pretty soft judgeFirst- my reception.I had just spent an inordinate amount of time playing poker at the Venetian. As such I was not dressed super formally- khaki shorts, polo shirt, tennis shoes- more than acceptable for vegas lunch. This is on a Weds about 230pm. The host ( a dude) ignores me for about 5 minutes while he is on the phone than finally, reluctantly, brings me to a table. It is then about 20 minutes before I see my waiter. During this wait I am drinking some water and happen to empty my glass. The water guy comes up and starts pouring the water before the pitcher is over the glass and misses the glass for a solid 3 seconds soaking the entire table and myself before he notices. I ask to move to a dry table. He tells me "maybe". At this point I look around, I am one of 6 people in the entire place. Eventually I get moved.My OrderI try to get the exact same thing my first time at every steak house here for comparison- bone in ribeye, potato side, tartare. The waiter comes up to my table and I try and get my order in as quickly as possible since I have already been waiting. me: "Tenderloin Tartare, Bone in ribeye medium rare, potato dauphinois"him: would you like to hear about our specialsme: nohim: well then what would you likeme: Tenderloin Tartare, Bone in ribeye medium rare, potato dauphinoishim: im not sure we have thatme: which parthim: uh... the potatoit only went downhill from there. He didn't write anything down, came back twice to ask to clarify, and then brought tuna tartare. The tuna was actually the highlight of the day.The SteakI like steam rare to medium rare. That being said, I will eat just about anything. The steak that was brought to me was not even grey, it was so dark grey throughout I doubted if it was actual meat. It looked like an overcooked mcdonalds hamburger inside. I first cut a piece off the end and decided to give them the benefit of the doubt- maybe it wasn't like that in the middle. It was. Now, a quick note about me. I don't really ever send food back. I'm a gambler and I think ordering food is sort of a gamble- in this case I gambled and lost. Also, if a kitchen has already screwed something up I don't have much faith in them fixing it so generally I just let it go.And that is what I planned to do here. So my waiter comes back and says "how is everything". The following conversation ensuesme: The steak is way overcooked, its inedible, can I get my checkhim: It looks fine to meOk, thats annoying. Still, never argue with stupid people right...me: just the check pleasehim: I'll bring that right out15 minutes later the waiter comes back with another waiterNew waiter- I'm sorry sir, we cannot send that back, it looks medium rare to me. At this point I am flabbergasted. Was I getting punked? Could I actually be eating in a professional restaurant? Let alone a nice one in Las Vegas? Could anyone working in a steakhouse for longer than 3's of minutes think this was medium rare?me: I'm not trying to send it back, I just want my checkAnother 10ish minutes go by and I get my check. I choose to pay by way of the credit card. I put it in the little wallet thing and stand it up so all can see the card sticking out of it. At this point I look at my watch and think to myself "how long could this take". Turns out quite a while. After another 10 minutes I look around and I can't see any other customers in the place. I take my check and walk to the front where the host and 3-4 waiters are sitting in the bar area. I ask my waiter to run my card which he sighs and then does. Also, they charged me for the tenderloin tartare which is 1 dollar more than the Tuna....I then walked outside across the street and ate at stripburger.In closing, Carne Vino greater than Morels
3	Went here for breakfast as a group of 6.The service was polite but cold; fast but devoid of all human emotion.I had the "Classic" eggs Benedict which was far what I'd consider classic and it was alright ,but not exceptional.I think it's tough for a restaurant in Las Vegas as the standards are set so high here with what feels like infinite choice.I'd probably skip this place in the future and look for something a little more inviting.
2	Started at the bar with a Pina Punch quite tasty light refreshing fruity cocktail. Hostest seated me and my friend very quickly no reservation.As you walk in the dinning room they have a cheese cooler next to the wine cooler. Server was with another table so the sommelier addressed us rather quickly and helped us pick our wines for dinner.Had onion soup as starter it was hot with alot of flavor. I was having the Branzino so he paired Roussette De Savoie which is a dry white from France. It paired well with my Branzino. Pan seared crispy skin rich and creamy mashed potatoes. This was awesome so fare. My  friend had the New York Strip rare with pesto pomme puree. The pomme puree was very good the steak come with a jus over it on a sizzling hot plate all great if you want a medium steak not rare. Meat was not rested either. She had a glass of Dios Triumph which is a Zinfandel dry as well.We added sauteed green beans in foie gras butter shallots, garlic, lemon juice. These where just blanched nothing else no salt or butter. For dessert we ordered the Creme Brulee and Profiteroles. The chocolate sauce for the profiteroles was broken and not a sauce. Our Server Jerry C was very apologetic all night he removed the green beans from the check. So when I told him about the chocolate sauce his says he will let the chef know. He then come back and say the chef says its supposed to be a thick chocolate sauce. Ok I did not go off on this young man I did point out that as a server look at what the guest is complaining about before you come back with any kind of excuse. Even if you don't cook what sauce comes out in one scoop, does not run, or is separated.
5	Morels is my favorite upscale restaurant in Vegas.  I eat here every time we come which averages 4-5 times a year.  Over the years I have sampled breakfast, brunch, lunch and dinner.  Everything is delicious.  I would recommend that you visit the restaurant during brunch/happy hour when drinks are buy one get one free and sit at the bar.  The bar staff is excellent!
3	The steaks we had were disappointing for the price. We both order medium rare, my wife got a rare steak and I got medium. They argued that they we're cook correctly.  I have better steak at Outback, longhorn.
1	Really disappointed.  I came to Morels to have a great steak and was sadly disappointed.  Although the fondue appetizer was excellent, the steak I ordered (a $67 filet minion) came out cold.  Ice cold. Like it was in a refrigerator..... cold.  Weird. When I reordered the steak, it came rare (instead of medium as ordered) 20 minutes later. I just don't understand it.  After two swings and two misses I decided to call it quits and asked for my check rather than wait another 20 minutes for another steak.  To make matters worse, the manager didn't come out to say anything, he left the waiter (from another table) explaining and apologizing to me (my waiter had disappeared). Then, when I specifically requested the manager, I waited almost 15 minutes for him to appear.  I think I have a good idea where the problem is here.  Great product, great servers, but really crappy management.  I'm not sure what to say here because I really wanted to like Morels, but there are two things you must do when charging almost $70 for a steak. It must be hot and it must be the right temperature. Also, in a place like this, if a customer has a problem, the manager should be out immediately solving the issue. Morels misses on both of these points. It's clear to me that this manager was not interested in his customers or his team's performance. Very sadly, I give Morels 1 star and advise them to find new management.  I am sincerely disappointed.
2	You'll love this place (I didn't) if you like bland food and indifferent management. Will not eat again. Avoid. I regretted choosing this place.
4	Tried this place on my recent trip since I love steak and French food. Really enjoyed my experience and would recommend coming here.We ordered a bottle of champagne, oysters, two steaks, and artichoke hearts. Everything was cooked wonderfully and tasted great. Service was also very good.If you're looking for a nice place to have dinner I would recommend it!
4	Amazing.  One of the best steaks I've ever had.  The Caesar salad made table side is always a nice touch.  Great service as well!
1	Terrible .  We made a reservation and showed up on time. The hostess told us it would be a few minutes. She continued to do so for the next hour. The attitude they had was that is just the way it goes. I suppose they have enough business they don't care about customer service. For the kind money you are spending there are too many good restaurants in Vegas to go here
4	Service was amazing.  A perfect level of attentive and friendly, but not breathing down your neck, staring at you attentive.  Food Tip of the Day:   Get the fondue and truffle fries, ignore the bread that comes with the fondue and dip the fries in the fondue instead.  OMG!  So good that way!
1	disorganized saff way overpriced food terrible service would not recommend Told wait when there was nobody in the restaurant 45 minute wait for food and nobody was there
3	This place is OK.  You can eat outside, which is nice.  The food isn't bad, prices are reasonable for the location.  However it is highly doubtful you are going to have any life changing culinary experiences at this place.  What amazed me most, is when I had dinner here the place was empty.  Which is kind of surprising, but it's Vegas - lots of options and it was the tail end of a conference.I ordered a Ribeye and Pomme Frites - ribeye was a good cut, however it was cooked a little unevenly.  Fries were good, but came out like warm.  Wine list is nice, reasonable selection by the glass.I sat at the bar, service was ok.  Bartender was prompt and kind.  She was distracted by other staff members chatting her up.
1	Was in town recently for a work conference and took some major clients to Morel's for dinner. Most people ordered some form of steak, I had a 35 day aged NY Strip. The waitress suggested to me that the steak temp be medium "in order to fully release the flavor" -- since medium is how I usually order my steaks, I agreed.The table's food soon arrived and I started eating my steak at the narrower end of the NY and it was fine. By the time I got about half way through my steak, it was essentially raw and not just in the middle but through about 80% of of the steak. Looked around and two of my clients who ordered steaks also had them extremely under cooked.Called the waitress over and showed her my steak -- there was really no way to dispute the doneness. I'm not even sure it was safe to eat even if you like a med-rare steak it was well under done. The waitress agreed and offered to bring it up to temp.Over the years I've learned to never send food back and ask for it to be fixed. Better to just walk away from a bad meal. I told the waitress not to bother and went back to talking with my clients and associates. Eventually the manager approaches, apologizes and makes a token offer of a drink or a dessert to me for the trouble. I wasn't really that hungry and was with clients, so not wanting to make a scene, I simply said no thanks. The manager apologizes again and says he has spoken with the kitchen.My company was picking up the bill, so I didn't press it, but what floors me in all of this is: 1. If you pay $64 for a steak it better be cooked correctly. If anybody had simply checked the temp of *any* of the steaks at our table, they would have realized the problem. It should have never even been sent out.2. At no point did the manager offer to pick up the cost of the steak, offer us a free meal, anything. He simply shrugged his shoulders and walked away, thinking he had done all he could.3. There was a big conference staying at the hotel, we were all in business attire, but the manager didn't seem to consider that we were with clients (or that maybe I *was* a customer of the host, since I didn't pick up the check). Or maybe he did realize and didn't offer the comp because we were going to expense the meal.If it had been just me or my wife and I on a date, I would have probably pressed it a bit more. If it had been a $20 steak, I would have probably just written it off, but for $64 you expect perfection or near perfection.Needless to say I will never bring a customer to Morel's again nor eat there myself.
1	We come to Vegas all the time and this place is a must stop until our experience yesterday.  We stopped in for a meal and I hurt my thumb on the door.  The manager came over and told my husband that it wasnt their fault and what did we expect him to do about it!  He never even came to see it or ask me anything.  His flippant attitude and arrogance was icing.   Needless to say, we will never go back,  we have spent a lot of money there and it is unbelievable such stupidity from their manager could ruin their Restaraunts image.  If he had handled it differently I wouldn't have felt it necessary to write this.  They want your money and don't care about you.  Don't be fooled.
1	May 3rd 1130amWe were guest at the palazzo hotel and decided to grab a bite to eat on our way back to our hotel room. The server had an attitude as if he didn't like his job. Server Mike(Dark hair Caucasian male) said 'fucking people' then denied saying that. He said he didn't say 'fucking'.He stated they it was referring to another party early from today. Robert (Tall asian gentlemen) the manager, came to the table and did not want to comp the whole meal. He asked if there was something he could do and I said to comp the whole meal but he said no.  He offered to comp us a drink or a dessert but I decline. We are not heavy drinkers and do not do a lot of sweets. I just asked for another server. Team co worker and team customer. Spoiled my whole meal and appetite.Oh and food was horrible. Ordered the farm raised chicken, seared scallops and potato leek soup(which was ok).  Only 3 parties at 11:30pm at night. Eventhough we came late, they should of still had their establishment together. Robert needs to work on better customer solution with conflicts. He didn't know how to make things better. It appeared that he was on employees side (team employee) but he shouldn't make it that obvious. Customers come firstStaff do not have it together
3	I find myself looking for value when dining.  I'm willing to pay more when something is amazing and conversely feel a bit "taken" when a establishments charge appreciably more than my perception of its worth.  That's a bit of what I experienced here..The food?  I'm a better than average home chef.  I've cooked better steaks at home using high heat methods on my Big Green Egg or pan frying and finishing with a butter garlic glaze.  I was very disappointed with the steak. Nuff said on that..We had a Crab Appetizer, Caesar Salad, of course the house rolls, and Steak.  I had the bone-in Strip blackened medium rare with heavy spice and a $25 glass of 2009 Cabernet S.  My colleague had the fillet -medium.  The best part of the experience was our waiter a native of Acapulco named Tino (I believe).  He was friendly, funny and thoughtful.  I'd give him 5 Stars.The final bill came out to $280 and had me wishing we'd visited Hash House a GoGo instead.  If your looking for steak in The Venetian/Palazzo run don't walk to "The Cut" instead.
4	Really enjoyed my brunch. At least a 4 star place.
4	Brunch was so delicious. Everything we ordered was so good - croque madame, bloody marys, scrambled eggs, cobb salad and THE BEST PANCAKES I've ever tasted - fluffy, moist, vanilla-scented absolute deliciousness.
4	Surprisingly Good Brunch for Vegetarians!My husband and I were in Vegas for Memorial Fay weekend, went to try Bouchon for Brunch and they closed at 2:00... Kinda early for Vegas on a holiday weekend if you stayed up late a Saturday night! Anyway, off we went to find something new...and we ran into Morels! So glad we did! I had a decaf French Press Coffee and hubby had regular ($5.00 - all you can drink for that great price) so delicious.They start you off with a roll and butter and French music overhead (French Country, the French rock-n-roll, then French Traditional...you get the picture).We had toast with butter and raspberry jam ($2.50) didn't need it - too much food by end of meal but it was tasty.I had the Veggie omelet, it comes with mixed greens or potatoes, stick with the greens. Lighter, tasty and hubby had the potatoes - nothing to write hone about. Save the calories for something else. The omelet was around ($15).My husband had the Chiliquiles with potatoes, around the same price as my omelet - I did not keep my receipt but it was around $50 for lunch.I enjoyed it, everyone around seemed to be as well. You can dine outdoors, we dined in, too warm that day.
4	Sublime. The boneless filet mignon (cheerfully butterflied and cooked well-done at my request, since the menu inaccurately indicated that the chef would only cook steaks rare to medium) melted in my mouth, seasoned generously with (I'm guessing) black pepper and rosemary. Sauce, scrumptious and served on the side, was not even necessary. Amazing wine, selected from the wine list displayed on an iPad left at our table, and the best negroni cocktail I've ever had. The desserts were heavenly and beautifully plated. The staff was welcoming, attentive, intuitive, courteous, helpful, and not annoyingly hover-y. A beautiful room, quiet music (unlike the I-can't-hear-you-even-if-you're-screaming-at-the-top-of-your-lungs-directly-into-my-ear-there's-a-G.D.-DEEjay-in-a-pricey-restaurant-LAVO-next-door), and a soothing atmosphere. The only reason I'm not giving it five stars is that my endive-and-poached-pear salad was, although fresh and fine, unremarkable and bland save for the addition of toasted cashews. Asparagus was flawlessly cooked, and the Potatoes Dauphinois are sex on a plate.
5	Absolutely loved this place, though I must say I've only been for brunch. The brioche is amazing and service is fantastic.if it's a nice day, sit outside. My favorite feature (and what makes it unique) is the make your own Bloody Mary. A lovely gentleman rolls up a cart and makes you the best, freshest one I've ever had.
4	Amazing service! We originally planned to dine at a busier more popular restaurant, but since we were running late we decided to dine here since it was most convenient during our stay at the Palazzo. Boy, are we glad we chose this place!We were taken care of by Alfonso and Bing, who were both incredibly sweet and accommodated our schedule to make sure we weren't running late for our plans later in the night! Bing even offered several times to take photos of our group and kept snapping pictures throughout our meal to make sure she captured the best moments. Alfonso even created a custom & delicious, blueberry-vodka mojito for us.The cocktails were yummy, the bone-in-rib-eye was so tender and delicious. It was one of the best steaks ever and wasn't just a steak that was covered up with other spices. The chef took such great care in presenting each dish and explaining the unique flavors he put into it. You can tell he really cares about people enjoying his food! The fondue was yummy as well, and was enjoyed by all. I would recommend this place to others, the service is amazing.
4	If you're staying at the Palazzo and you're looking for a breakfast place - this is it.  Everything else was crowded and I think either people don't know about it or are too lazy to walk back to the check in area.  It's right next to the registration desk.  The breakfast was great.  The bloody Mary made table side was by far the BEST bloody Mary I have ever had.  The make it from scratch, right down to muddling tomatoes.  Sweet lord was it tasty.  The only and big negative?  Directly across the street is a dump on a hotel (Treasure Island) that is under renovation.  The view is horrendous of Senor Frogs and Gilleys.  It's sad such a beautifully designed restaurant is in such a place.  We just ensure we had our backs to the windows.  We will be back!
4	Good food good service thou pricey. It's Vegas n it's inside the hotel. Expected. We had the salmon rillette. Good. Tuna tartare. Above average. Still good. The bread w butter n mashed olive spread. Good. I wanted medium well 14 oz prime ny for my kids to share. It came out well done but still juicy so acceptable. Had 6 pieces of raw oysters. Not bad but not that great. May be because they were not that busy. Server said because they are usually a convention guests restaurant where there's a corporate credit card that can be charged to, in other words expensive!I recommend it. Not bad.
3	This review is for the decor/service, the prosecco, and the fondue. The decor of this place is gorgeous, and that brought it up to 3 stars. That and the service was pretty good. My family came here for a quick fondue with some drinks before going to the pool or heading out to the strip. We LOVE fondue and were salivating at the idea of a fondue appetizer. We ordered it for three, and three proseccos. The fondue was pretty bad. I mean, it was cheesy, but it tasted like a cheese sauce more than an authentic fondue. Even worse, the bread they gave us had NO crunch at all. It seemed like a white loaf that had been sitting there or not baked to a crisp. We ran out of bread and asked for some different crispier bread, and he brought back baguette pieces. They looked great, but upon touching them I realized they were also soft. No crunch at all. For 30 dollars for the fondue, it was a total let down. If you love fondue, please don't order this. I've had fondue in a lot of places, including Switzerland, and this is a joke of fondue. Prosecco was good, service was good, and decor was good... But at a place like this, expensive ish food shouldn't be so 'meh'
5	Their surf and turf is amazing!! They have the best steaks I have ever had and a great table side cesar salad.  Also, the cheese fondue is unbelievable but be sure not to eat too much it is super filling.  Definitely a must for your Vegas trips.
1	This was a complete disappointment. For a steakhouse, they just couldn't get their steaks right. Had to send back several dishes because we asked for medium rare and we got extremely rare! The worst part is upon sending it back, the returning dish was completely overdone! This is a steakhouse, how do you not know how to cook your steaks? We were the only party there practically. This place is mediocre at best when it comes to the other menu items, and the only reason this place is receiving a star is because they tried to remedy the problem and gave our whole table free dessert...which was not all too good either. Not worth the money, I would avoid this place if I were you
5	Outstanding service, Bing was amazingly sweet and a smiley face.  Our waiter, Alfonso,  was very humble and knowledgeable with menu ask for his table a great experience, thank you
4	Came here for breakfast, and I was amazed at how lovely everything was. Our server was very attentive, and nice. The food was perfect. Eggs were nice and soft, potatoes were delicious and the ham was perfection. The most amazing thing though? I never had to put salt or anything on my plate! everything was perfectly seasoned! Oh, and we sat outside. It was hot, but it's nice to have the option of either sitting inside or out. The view outside was a strip view, however the construction across the street can be somewhat of an eyesore. All in all, If you have money to splurge, I definitely would recommend Morels.
4	Service was great and both the ribeye and filet were wonderful.  Went to celebrate the big 40th birthday with some girlfriends and loved the experience.  One of our friends is a vegetarian and she loved her meal as well.  I didn't care for the fish but with all the other food provided it was soon overlooked. Our server was well versed in wine and was able to entertain a couple of us with his suggestions and stories (it was all foreign to me but my friends were having a ball).  Overall a delightful evening.
5	Our group of 10 dined at Morels in August of 2014. We make a trip to Las Vegas every summer and typically eat at one fine dining restaurant a visit. I personally go to Las Vegas at least twice a year and try to average 1 - 2 fine dining meals a trip. Earlier this trip my fiancee and I ate at Barrymore and we both felt that the meal at Morels was significantly better.The reasons our group enjoyed our meal at Morels:Service: I was the last of the group to arrive, so I do not know how the host / hostess did with the initial greeting. I do know that our party was seated promptly and professionally. Our waiter (Jake, I think) did an excellent job of answering menu questions and making recommendations. We had one vegetarian in the group and the chef made her a special pasta dish that was not on the menu. The support staff, sommelier and management were all extremely friendly and attentive.Food: The food was OUTSTANDING. We had 2 meat and cheese plates to start things off and they set the tone for the rest of the evening. Our group ordered oysters in the half shell (they had 4 varieties that evening) and those of us that ate them enjoyed them. Morels offers a Caesar salad for 2 that is prepared tableside and it is delicious. 80% of the group ordered steak, breaking down to 6 filets and 1 porterhouse that was split by 2 folks. I was one of the guys enjoying the porterhouse and it was fantastic. All steaks were cooked to proper temperature. In terms of side dishes, I had tastes of the asparagus, mac n' cheese and french fries. I felt the mac n' cheese was very good and the other 2 sides were solid. The french fries are skinny cut, not thick steak fries. We also ordered a few desserts, my personal favorite were the doughnuts with jam. The overall quality of the food was excellent.Atmosphere: Our reservation was for 8pm on a Saturday night. The restaurant was not very crowded when we arrived, and the atmosphere was comfortable and enjoyable. There was one other large party at the restaurant when we were seated and their presence did not affect our service or enjoyment of the dining area. After our meal, we went out on the balcony, which overlooks The Strip, and enjoyed a few after dinner drinks. By the time we left, the dining room was significantly busier but not too loud. Like any good steak restaurant, your meal will not be inexpensive. The question is: Do you feel like you got your money's worth at the end of the evening? Our group's response to this question is an overwhelming "YES!". I would not hesitate to recommend this restaurant and plan on going back in October.
5	I have been to Morels twice now and am planning to go back again. The first time I arrived at 11:02 am. I intended to go to breakfast but since breakfast service ends at 11:00 am I had to settle for lunch. We dined inside. It was very pretty inside but kind of dull since there were only a couple other diners. The steak frites and fish and chips were excellent. Service was very attentive. I returned a month later early enough to catch breakfast. I had the banana stuffed French toast. It was perfect, crispy on top and soft inside. My party also enjoyed the seasonal fruit, with a side of bagels and organic bacon. The fruit was fresh and came with vanilla yogurt to dip. The mini bagels had a wonderful chive cream cheese spread. The bacon was crispy. Again, delicious food and great service. This time I also sat outside facing the south strip. I found this to be way more lively and fun than sitting inside the restaurant so I'd recommend doing that. Even though it is summer outdoor seating provides plenty of shade so we were very comfortable the whole time. Thank you Morels!
4	Came here for Sunday breakfast (brunch really) expecting a huge crowd. It was practically empty which was AWESOME since we really had been going going going all weekend. We had a reservation which was recommended but in retrospect probably not needed. The service was excellent, they waited on us quickly but not too pushy. The food timing was great too, not too fast but certainly not slow. I had the tableside bloody mary which was deliciious and entertaining. One thing is that the spices are quite mild so if you like it spicy I would go for an 8 or 9 out of 10.Our table had various breakfast items and they were all very good. I was the exception (as to what we had). I had the onion soup, because I love french onion soup, and it was excellent. RECOMMENDED ALL THE WAY. 5 stars would have gone to this place if it were a little less pricey, but i'm sure the rent in this area is huge. YUMMY.
4	As soon as I landed in Vegas I had to grab something to eat . I decided to give this place a try since it's conveniently located where I was staying.The hostess sat us and our server promptly took our drink order.  Bottom less mimosas is $25 compared to $13 a glass. So why not? The server always made sure my glass was never empty. I didn't even need to find my server oncee! Kudos! For brunch I ordered a prosciutto and beet salad.  Something light but so satisfying! Everything was so fresh and the Beet added such a nice medley to the salad!Overall I had a great brunch and 1st meal in Vegas! I will be back!
4	I always come here for the bloody mary. Best place to go for it.Recommend to get anything crepe for price alone. I has scrambled eggs and salmon for $12!!!  Two crepe for one order. It was good and huge. French Toast mascarpone was good too. So simple yet so sophisticated.
4	Every time I'm in Vegas , I go to this place. So far I have never been disappointed. The meat is great, so is the service and the interior. I really feel welcome here as soon as I have one foot in the door.Try a cheese selection for desert and then ask them to teach you about it. It's awesome!Will definately stop by next time again!
4	We went for breakfast and it was very good.I would like to go back to try it for lunch an/or dinner.
1	One of our worst dining experiences in many years.  Staff admittedly had little experience however the manager seemed just as incompetent.  It took 40 minutes for us to get our first glass of wine, despite numerous staff and a very small number of patrons.  Our first bottle of wine was brought to out table opened.  At a restaurant of supposedly this caliber, that is a big faux pas.  The manager then proceeded to try to convince us to drink it anyway - and explained that it was their last bottle and the other comparable ones are too expensive for them to honor the price they quoted us.  We had to send back our steaks once because they came before we even had our first glass of white (apperitif) delivered.  Our steaks came before our wine, and we had to ask for silverware.  Again, this would be fine at an Outback Steakhouse, but you shouldn't have to micromanage waiters at an upscale steakhouse to bring knives and plates.  To Add insult to injury, the filet mignonette came with a slightly astringent and gritty "dry rub" of " a ton of ingredients" including rosemary, cumin and cayenne pepper.  At $52/8oz filet that is not what you expect at a steakhouse.  At a minimum you should indicate the spice blend on the menu (waiter confirmed it is not mentioned).  The waiters apologized profusely, and comped the wine, but I just can't seem to get the nasty taste out of my mouth from this experience.
3	After a long day, my vendor and I met up for dinner.  I asked him, what do you want to eat, he says he wants a piece of steak.  At first I said no but then I was like, I do want steak.  We scoured opentable and voila, Morels it was.We ordered the caesar salad which was made table side.  It is a caesar salad, nothing special although I thought it had too much acidity and I wouldn't have minded some anchovies.  Before the salad came I was famished but the bread was nowhere to be seen.  I'm not sure why we had to ask them to bring the bread but we did however it was warm and soft and the butter and olive tapenade that came with it were a perfect combination.I did order a steak, a bone in rib eye but I had so much bread I couldn't finish it all.  The steak though wasn't all that great.  It was well cooked; I asked for medium rare and I got medium rare but the seasoning that was on it wasn't flavorful enough and the flavor it did have wasn't all that good.We also ordered the pomme frites which are thin cut fries and those I do not like even though the truffle mayo it came with was delicious and a good sauce for the steak.  Service was good and attentive.  I would probably want to try other steak houses next time I'm here.
5	Great food and view of the Las Vegas Strip! This place has never been crowded when we visit and we dont know why! Food has always been delicious! We always order the filet. We like to sit outside on the terrace and you can watch tbe pirate show right from your table! Service has always been great too!
5	Great outdoor patio.... Food and service was fantastic... Decent lunch prices... The open face sandwich and fries was incredible.
5	We absolutely loved our brunch at Morels! I wish I remembered our waitress's name because she was amazing. My husband got a Bloody Mary which was prepared at a table side cart to his liking, and I got a bottomless mimosa. Our waitress always brought another mimosa at the exact moment I was finished, and even gave me one to go in a casino glass. I had the Oscar Benny which was incredible. We sat outside with a nice view of the strip. We will absolutely be returning to Morels for the great food and excellent service. I hope to try dinner as well on our next trip to Vegas.
1	Medium well should not be difficult.  This is a tourist town.  Know your audience and make them what they want.  Sent it back bloody- came back charred on outside and red inside.  Get a thermometer!   Lost my appetite and $60 just for steak!
2	Terrible, terrible mussels here and pommes frites weren't good either. The mussels were by far the worse mussels I've ever had and I was very disappointed since I love mussels. The service was good and the bread is good. They comped my mussels because I didn't like them, so I'm giving two stars instead of one. Either way, too much good food in Vegas to come here again. Maybe the steaks are better....
3	Very good service from our waiter, reception girl pretty blah. Food was very mediocre especially for the price they charge. Out of 9 people at our table no one was impressed by the food in fact they removed one persons meal from the bill altogether.
1	Horrible service. Sat down with a group of 5 took them 15 minutes to even attend to us. No bread, no drinks, no customers. Spoke to the manager and he just laughed. Terrible
5	I had not heard of Morels even though I had dined across the way at Lavo's. I ashamed to say it I had become a celebrity chef snob in this town.  It's easy to get wrapped up in all the hoop-la and forget what is at the core of eating out... the food.  I actually planned on having a rack of lamb at Delmonico's that night until I was convinced otherwise by my business associate. Morels may not have the celebrity chef attached to their name but they don't need the hype. If you are a true fan of the dining experience, do yourself a favor and come here. The star of this location is you and the food that is presented exquisitely. Maybe you're thinking I'm talking crazy bashing Ramsey, Emeril, Bobby Flay or any other of their likes. By all means that is not what I am doing because I enjoy eating in restaurants they attach their name and will continue to frequent their establishments. What I am saying is that Morels does it better in Vegas as far as I am concerned. Although who I am but a humble foodie who was privileged to meet executive chef Carrera who has been cooking for the owner for over a mere of oh 25 years. His attention to detail in his plating, seasoning and selection of prime cuts doesn't grant him a TV show but it should.  His humble nature as he explained he approach to cooking makes him even more remarkable. Why you may ask? Well I'll tell you... His focus is on his craft not on himself. He lets his dishes speak for himself and not the other way around. We were treated by the chef to a sample of Tuna Tartare, although it was only bite sized, it was a mouthful of delectable flavor. I knew this bite size treat was a good sign for things to come. The Grand Plateau DE Mer was presented to the table and sadly since I'm allergic to shellfish, I could only enjoyed watching my dinner guests satisfy their palettes. It looked fabulous and the attention to detail was duly noted in the lobster. They take the time to extract the tender meat from the claws and carefully fold them whole into each half. The sauces stacked on top were seasoned to compliment the snow crab, shrimp, lobster and oysters. At least this was explained to me by those enjoying this dish. This is one that should be shared because it would be a feat to finish alone. Although I was delighted to see how this dish was enjoyed by others my stomach began to be shellfish and grumble waiting for my entree. Yeah that was cheesy but at least I briefly laughed when I wrote it but I digress.  Finally my Colorado Rack of Lamb with a honey-mustard crust ordered medium rare arrived.  Ordered any other way would be a crime and a dishonor to this beautiful creature who sacrificed its life for my enjoyment.  A moment of silence please... Ok moving on the lamb sit on top of a wine enriched rosemary bordelaise sauce that was not over-powering or too sweet.  Every bite was tender and it balanced well with the bread crust which drove the flavor home.  This is now the best lamb I have had in Vegas and my only regret is not trying it sooner than I did.I paired this with potato dauphinois which is similar to scalloped potatoes just on a whole different level. The potatoes had this crusted on the outside from being in the oven and the center was soft from the creamy consistency of the sauce. All in all it was amazing and the portions were reasonable, I had room for desert.I had, from what I remember because I was in a midst of a foodie comatose, the chocolate dome.  It was an amazing finish to a great meal.  If you can look past the hoop-la of the celebrity chefs, do yourself a favor and focus on what matters the most... the food.  Morels is sure to satisfy your every craving and then some. By the way, if you were wondering my lamb was better than what I normally have in town at near by Delmonico's.
5	I ate breakfast here while staying at the palazzo it's sooo good!! The ingredients are fresh and of good quality. I had the stuffed French toast and breakfast potatoes omg so yummy! Plus on a nice day you can sit on the patio and people watch or just have a beautiful view of the strip. I will definitely be back!
2	If you like overpriced salty food then this is the place for you!
4	Good food- Went there for lunch and had the open face meatloaf sandwich- it was delish. Food was a bit on the pricey side but really good. The pigeons outside were a bit obnoxious but gave it a French feel lol. Id go back.
4	Had brunch outside on a sunny November day. Excellent!  I had the fig and arugula sale Wichita was very interesting. My wife had salmon crepes. Also excellent. Highly recommended.
3	Came here not by choice but for a wedding reception and for the price u pay u would expect to have a great experience with excellent services and remarkable food. It was just mediocre and nothing more.The hostess greets us nicely and confirm our reservations with 5 tables and made recommendations which I appreciate. We were all seated and our orders were all taken the same time. Altho the hostess were friendly, the waiters could have been more organize and communicate with each other and their tables. By the end of the night 4 out of 5 tables were served. Our friends at the 5th table did not get their dinner at all. The waiters did not want to take ownership at first. They blame the other waiters and the other blame the cooks and for a good 10min came with a conclusion that our friends at the 5th table should just pay for what they consume. One of our friend was so upset he put down his money for the dinner he did not receive and walked out while our couple friends did not agree and ask for a manger to make it right. After another 10min they finally made it right.As for the food, I ordered the short ribs and it was above average but I enjoy the mushrooms and free complimentary bread more. My bf ordered the NY steak and did enjoy it but made a remark about for the price it was it should have came with sides. We both agree this would be a one time experience and would not come back again.I would have rated it a two star but I gaved it a three because of the friendly hostess and the manager finally making it right for our friends at table 5.
2	How could a seafood restaurant this mediocre can event survive?  The Sancerre 2010  would have been the saving grace if they actually made it (not).
5	Amazing service, delicious food. I always love coming here for breakfast/brunch. Always a must stop when in Vegas.
1	My wife and I have been regular customers over several years with the last visit being about 2 years ago. This last visit was on Christmas Day. In the past we had always had excellent service and even better food. Our experience this time was extremely disappointing. The service was very poor. It took about 15 minutes after being seated to place a drink order and an additional 30 minutes to finally get the drinks. During that time I asked for the cheese appetizer menu which I never received. I also had to asked 2 times for the wine menu which I finally got after 15 minutes or so however no one ever came to ask for the wine order. In the past Morels has provided some of the best steaks I've ever had. This time they were average at best and on top of that they were undercooked. We ordered medium and they came just barely rare. Will not be returning to Morels because there are too many other good choices in Vegas.
1	Chose this place because they had rillette. Something that is dear and nostalgic to me. Went to order the item and was notified that they were not featuring the item. But yet it was on the menu. Ordered the tuna tartare. It was very fishy. Something wasn't right. Had to send it back. Tuna should not be gray and should never taste fishy if being served raw. Ordered the beef tartare. Much better. But again didn't seem fresh nor tasted fresh. Very sad and unhappy with both products.  Quail egg was laid to the side and presentation was atrocious. Was then told the rillette was available which I got and was excited again. However, the rillette was bland dry and flat. Overall I was very unhappy with the food. However the service was quite good. I would not recommend this place. Didn't seem like the kitchen had their ducks in a row.
5	We had the most wonderful dinner on the planet ! Russell was our waiter & he took great care of us. Brandon is the bartender extraordinaire !!!!  The food was PERFECT ! Nothing could have been improved !
2	Was perhaps expecting more of this place.Fact is that menu was limited and were serving brunch menu still at 3:00 PM.Pricey as well for plate servings.
2	We had 7pm reservations. Sat out on the balcony. Nice view of the area. The service started off very well. Had the 2010 Jordan Cabernet Sauvignon. It was a nice wine. Had the scallops as a starter. Very nicely done. Had the tomohawk rib eye and lobster surf-n-turf.  Very nice presentation. Lobster was excellent. Rib eye tasted kind of bland for what I paid.  Than they forgot about us. Requested support from other staff members but because we weren't their customer, they didn't care. In order to get a 5 they need to finish what they started with good service and improve the taste of the steak. This dinner was too expensive for what I paid for.
5	I can only speak for the breakfast and brunch.  I always make this my last stop after checking out of the hotel (Palazzo) as it is located just by the check-in and out counter.  I don't usually like sandwiches but I can't resist their turkey club.  I don't eat bacon so I ask for it on the side so someone else can enjoy it.  It is just such a GREAT sandwich.  The meat is made in-house as opposed to that salty-cold-cut-meat kind of deal.  They also give you complimentary beignets.
3	I'm not one to complain, but this experience was just ok. They were out of most seafood from the night before, and then...we ordered soups, and they forgot to bring us spoons. That's ok at a mediocre restaurant, but not one that charges prices like this. Geesh.
