4	Their cupcakes are sooo pretty and taste good 2...and they are coming to scottsdale in the fall of this year!! yippeee!!! So everyone hold on to your tastebuds!!!!  Just a couple more months!!!
4	Sprinkles is coming to Scottsdale! If you aren't in on our nations cupcake obsession Sprinkles is a cupcake bakery which was made famous in L.A. I have tried them in L.A and I have to admit they are delicious and a very cute little bakery. Who wouldn't want t red velvet cupcake a shot of frosting and a cup of milk? Perfect dessert!Look for sprinkles on Scottsdale RD across from Fashion Square this fall!
1	I was fooled by these reviews!  I was visiting Scottsdale and drove by on Feb 18 and it was still under construction!!  My, how disappointed I was!!
4	Okay, so I really should have the first to review on this one since the others weren't even reviews.. this place only opened this week. Well anyway, let me tell you what..I just got back from Sprinkles, after waiting for 25 minutes in a huge confusing line. I got to the front and ordered a dozen, since there are only 10 flavors per day this was super easy! The staff has bright smiles and friendly attitudes. So after ordering it doesn't take long for them to pull your order together. The place was so packed that they couldn't even keep the front cases loaded and were constantly going in the back. Okay so I might have some egg on my face but I must say (sorry Chris) that these are some of the cutest and tastiest over priced cupcakes that have graced my pallet in some time. The red velvet makes me wet!I still say FUCK Sprinkles.. you're to close to my house!! Damn you Sprinkles! Damn your yummy assed cupcakes!!
4	Ummmmmmmmm.  YUMMMMMMMM.Red Velvet. Lemon.  Come to Mama.I didn't actually get to go to the store but Ben, the hub, did and he said it was best that I didn't face the chaos.  30 mins in line and the place was so small that he had to wait outside for a bit before even getting inside.  Picture a disneyland ride line.He was supposed to only get 4 cupcakes but since he waited in line for so long, it was just plain SMART to get at least 8 cupcakes.  So a little less than $30 later, my MIL had a great time sampling all the flavors with us this fine Mother's Day evening.
5	Holy Mary Mother Of God!!!! I brought home a 6 pack and waited anxiously all day to enjoy the goods with my hubby.I got a Carrot, Red Velvet, Vanilla Milk Chocolate, Coconut, Cinnamon Sugar and a Lemon.(see pics)~True Story............We started slowly ,seducing the cupcakes out of their wrappers one by one, Bite after bite made us squeal with delight, each one more orgasmic than the last, until a big crumb of frosting and cake fell between my breasts, my husband had no choice but to dive into my cleavage to retrieve the luscious morsel.It was all I could do to keep my clothes on, I wanted to roll around in the crumbs and continue with the cupcake orgy........SERIOUSLY~They were that Fuckin' Good!
3	So Sarah G, our own professional food snob, met me for lunch and brought me a sprinkles cupcake.  It was in a cute little box.  This is where I get a little perturbed.  It has its OWN BOX.  What a waste!  I understand they want it to be cutesy and all, but I'm one of those people who wants to save the environment.the cupcake was good, but not great.  I was expecting to make a mess in my "Make me Yelp" boyshorts, but didn't.  It was the vanilla milk chocolate.  Chocolate frosting was really sweet and it was covered in sprinkles (duh!).  The cake was fluffy and moist, but not as moist and I like.  I guess I was expecting to be blown away, but it was like the cupcakes my sister made for my sobrina's 5th birthday party.  With it's own freaking box.
1	With all the hype around sprinkles I decided to drive around this weekend and check out the cupcake places around town.What a disappointment. The store is tiny, NO NONE NADA organization to handle customers. It was an absolute mad house. People acting like drones standing in a huddled mass waiting for someone to get them a freakin over priced cupcake. It was an absolute joke.I ended up leaving after waiting 10 minutes and still no one to get me a cupcake. Maybe the Hollywood cupcake madam should come and tend to her Scottsdale store.
3	YUK! Foodies will think they are not that great and highly over priced. Out of all the ones we ordered the only one that was ok was the cream cheese coconut one. ( which was pretty good but not the best I ever had) 32 bucks a dozen?There was a non service animal in the place when we went  ( gross and illegal) and a 30 minute wait. The store is poorly designed so expect to get bumped into by people coming and going. Why bother. Not worth it. And they are not  very green . Boxes and shopping bags for a few cupcakes?PLEAZE!!!!!! We also got yelled at because the door could not close due to the poor architect opf the place. try fairytale brownies instead for corp purchases.
4	After reading all the reviews, both for this location as well as hearing about them in LA, I gave them a shot today.It is a very small place, so when you have anything over 10 people in there be prepared to have other people in your bubble.  Prior reviews mentioned this, so I feel that I have to as well, but yes, they're line management/ordering system is poor if it exists at all.  It took me very little time to notice this so instead of being a reactive agent, I go on offense.  While there were around 7 people standing near the case, I opted to walk to the counter and simply ask "Is this where I place my order?"  Shocker I know.  As soon as I did, the girl behind the counter said "Of course, what would you like?"   I made a point to differ to the ladies next to me to make sure I wasn't being "that guy", but everyone seemed to be figuring out what they were going to order still.  So with that in mind, if you go in there just be ready to be pro-active unless you're the only person in the joint.I thought the cupcakes themselves were great for what they were supposed to be.  I don't think they're going to change your life forever, and yeah, you can find cupcakes that are just as good elsewhere for cheaper, but they're not crap by any means.  I had the orange, vanilla, red velvet, and cinnamon-sugar.   They were sold out of Strawberry at the time, more were on the way in 20 mins but I didn't want to wait. Unfortunately my sister got to the red velvet before I could take a picture of them to post on here.****went back and had the strawberry, easily the best flavor they have!  I need to find another bakery that makes them otherwise it'll be an expensive habit since I work in the area.
3	Alright. These cupcakes are definitely not worth the 3.25, but the red velvet and the chocolate cupcake are hella good.  The icing to cake ratio is not perfect, too much icing for my taste, but that can easily be fixed by scraping off the excess. I didn't care too much for the cinnamon sugar cupcake because it was a little too dense... Granted, I didn't get these fresh since a friend of mine brought them to me (in CA!) from the store. He said it was really easy to just order the dozen online and pick up, but the customer service could have been a little better. He said it was a little confusing and no one offered to help until he asked.  There were probably about 10 other people in line, but you couldn't fit more than 20 people in the store, so maybe that's why.... i have yet to try the vanilla cake w/ choco frosting, but maybe later tonight. Lol.One thing I don't get is how they come up with the pricing. I guess if it is only premium ingredients they need to jack up the price... but it seems kind of sad to pay 3.25 for a cupcake when you can buy a box for 1.00 and make 24.... lol. I'd recommend this place for super special occasions/indulgences.Pros: some yummy cupcakes, cutely decorated/iced cupcakesCons: price, small space
5	To start of, I *HATE* cupcakes (and many other varieties of deserts).  And truthfully, I didn't really like these particular cupcakes very much either.  However, this review is not only mine, and encompasses the feelings of a dozen people who actually tried these cupcakes, so here goes...Sprinkles is really terrific.  We were visiting from Chicago, where I live next to two similar cupcake shops, so I have some perspective.  Sprinkles is right on par with the rest of them, and in fact, it's slightly cheaper than what you would expect to pay at other places.  Also, the store is very cute and well-designed.  It's not a drive-through, it's not a cupcake manufacturing warehouse -- it's a BOUTIQUE shop.  The cupcakes -- Everyone who tried them was blown away.  The Red Velvet cupcake was a particular hit.  We got a dozen, and it easily served 10 people (including children of various ages) due to their richness.The service -- Spectacular!  Even though the shop is brand new, employees were courteous, friendly, and not overwhelmed by the enormous demand.  While we were there, the staff were pleasant and helpful to every customer.The decor -- So cute and charming!  The menu is clearly marked on the wall, and all the prices are immediately visible.  There are no tables inside the shop so all the cupcakes must be enjoyed in the privacy of your own home.
1	You've got to hand it to Candace Nelson; she knows how to bake up palpable buzz.  You need look no further than the perpetual line at Sprinkles Cupcakes in Scottsdale.  If only the cupcakes were as good as the hype.  Unfortunately, they are not.It comes down to style over substance.  Sprinkles Cupcakes has a great look from the windows frosted with the outlines of cupcake wrappers to the spare wood display racks.  The aesthetic is clean, modern and restrained.   The cupcakes are impeccable in terms of their appearance.  The bakery even offers an interlocking cardboard stand with optional ribbon trim to create a display for a special event.  The graphics and design are top-notch.  While we may eat with our eyes first, the disappointment creeps in once you move beyond the visual and taste the cupcakes.  At best, they're okay.  In order to give Sprinkles a fair shake, I pre-ordered a dozen online.  Anyone can order a minimum of a dozen cupcakes online with 24 hours advance notice.  The real advantage of the pre-order is that you get to skip the mayhem of the line.  It's worth it to walk right up to the counter and pick up your prepaid order without having to stand in the chaotic line and watch the crowd's tension level rise as they run out of flavor after flavor.  As a home baker who makes everything from scratch, I found Sprinkles Cupcakes to be resoundingly underwhelming.  Their signature Red Velvet Cake was a real disappointment.  The cake itself was bitter and sour at the same time.  It also had an unpleasant lingering aftertaste.  Actually, all of the cupcakes I tried with chocolate cake had the same bitter and sour taste combined with the lingering unpleasant aftertaste.  It was almost like the chocolate cakes weren't mixed properly before they were baked.  If it has been one or two cupcakes, I would have given them the benefit of the doubt; however, this place takes the concept of bittersweet chocolate to a new and very strange level.  The Carrot cupcake is also misnamed; it should be called a Spice cupcake instead because the presence of any carrot is nearly undetectable.  In fairness, the Coconut cupcake was the best of the 12 sampled.  The taste of both the cake and the icing was great; the cake itself was a bit stiff and dry (but less than the others sampled).  In terms of texture, the 12 cupcakes sampled varied from "sturdy" (e.g., nothing close to tender) to dry and crumbling apart.  This is definitely not what I expect from a premium bakery.  Some other reviewers have commented that the cupcakes are too expensive.  Clearly they haven't been to a grocery store lately to check on the price of butter, eggs, sugar, cream, cream cheese, etc.  The cupcakes are fairly priced for the premium ingredients that Sprinkles uses.  However, those ingredients are not falling into the most adept hands.  Perhaps this is an issue with a newly trained staff.  For the money and the pleasure of the experience, enjoy an Ooey Gooey from Tammie Coe instead of Sprinkles.  Tammie's cupcakes are the real deal and are everything that Sprinkles aspires to be.  Just be sure to allow Tammie's cupcakes to return to room temperature before you devour them.  They're sublime while the cupcakes at Sprinkles are serviceable at best.Sprinkles Cupcakes was worth trying once to see what all the hype was about.  However, I won't be back.
5	So I roll into Scottsdale and my daughter picks me up from the airport and takes me straight to Sprinkles for (Dinner) I love eating desert for dinner first. I ate them in the car because I couldn't wait, they looked so beautiful. I loved all of them. I sampeled the Red Velvet, Banana, and the Suger and Cinnamon. All had their own seperate greatness. Never made it to the resturaunt for dinner.
3	I am a huge cupcake fan and was so before they became trendy.  I have a lot of food rules (don't like my food to touch other food, etc), so I've always loved that cupcakes were made just for me.  No one had to cut the cake to give me one.. it was all mine, in a cute wrapper to boot.  If there is a cupcake on the dessert menu, I try it, so when I heard a WHOLE CAFE DEDICATED TO CUPCAKES was coming to Scottsdale, I was excited. A friend and I went on a Friday after work.  There was a line, which indicated that these were going to be the most amazing cupcakes in the world....  It was chaotic and not organized at all.  I didn't know who was in line, who wasn't.  Who had been helped, who hadn't. When it was time to order we ordered 3 chocolate ones and 3 other ones...  They didn't have any chocolate cupcakes ready and it was going to be an additional 20 minutes... so we got ones that weren't chocolate.  The lemon coconut was very good!  The strawberry was very good.   The red velvet was good.  I remember not liking the cinnamon sugar one at all.  The cake itself was average and the icing very sweet.BUT they were not, out of this world-spectacular, and that is what I was expecting.  I could make cupcakes that good and even better. I will probably go back about once a year, just for fun and to try a few different flavors... but I have my picks for best desserts in Phoenix and this is not one that I will hit up very often.
1	I truly don't see the attraction to this place. Like many others, I had eagerly waited for them to open so I could see what all the hype was about. I adore cupcakes, they're my own little guilty pleasure, so I have no issue paying $3+ for a cupcake....if it is well done. These were in no way well done.  They were extremely dry, the frosting:cupcake ratio was way off, the frosting wasn't very tasty either though so it was no huge loss that there wasn't more....just disappointing all the way around. And don't even get me started on the staff and the lack of organization! Let's put it like this- I bought a dozen and brought them back to work. No one was impressed and many (including myself) didn't even finish one. I brought the leftovers home to my husband and child and they didn't finish even one either. With so many good cupcake places in town, why waste time with this one?8/08- Gave it another try just in case I was being bitchy the first time. Nope. Its them, not me. Bought two more- a red velvet and a chocolate marshmallow. One bite and I threw the choclate marshmallow away. The chocolate was horrible and gritty to the tooth. The red velvet was slightly better but still not very good. Ate a couple bites and tossed it w/over 3/4s left.
1	Yeah...notsomuch.Sprinkles is sooooooooo not worth the wait . Or the chaos. Or the hype. Or the attitude from the morons who work there. Other things that are terrible about Sprinkles include...- The cupcakes are not that great. I ordered two. The vanilla was okay, the cinnamon was dry and chalky and I really disliked it.- This place is a disorganized mess. - There is no rhyme or reason to any of the ordering process. My friends and I were carefully watching the ordering process and we actually think they decided to choose the dumbest and most irrational methods to take orders and dispense cupcakes. Just stupid.- The owners must have purposely only hired people who cannot think for themselves or make decisions. No sane person could possibly work here without being like "um...there might be a better way to do this..."- Also, the employees were rude. Did I mention dumb?So get this: I attempted to order a bottle of water. I told the clerk it's 100+ degrees outside, I walked there and I'm realllllllly thirsty. The idiot at the counter told me "You can order a water here but you must wait for your name to be called to receive the water and pay for it." I pointed out that the water was RIGHT THERE and there wasn't anyone currently paying or using the register. Couldn't she just sell me a water? She said "NO" and proceeded to WRITE DOWN MY ORDER (just the word "water") on a cupcake order slip. She then told me to stand there and wait for my name to be called so she could HAND ME THE WATER and then ring me up.I was all sorts of thirsty and all sorts of moody that day so I got really ghetto on her ass and was all like OH HELLLLLL-TO-THE-NO!" I said "It's quite simple. Just hand me the water and I will hand you money. End of discussion." (There are the actual words out of the mouth!)She looked really mad and also possibly terrified of me and my 5'4" 110 lbs of fury. Thankfully she handed me my water so I did not have to stab her. Which was good because I was waaaaaaaaay too thirsty to stab anyone. I must be properly hydrated in order to commit crimes of passion. And I'm mad crazy passionate about my cupcakes, yo.
4	Seriously, how did the negative reviews come to be? My only experience with Sprinkles is based on 4 day old red velvets from the fridge at work and my holy god they were scrumtious. The flavor was rich and yummy and the frosting was divine! I almost couldn't eat a second one due to the richness...almost.
3	Good cupcakes, but a tad overrated. The price acounts for the packaging and marketing I think. They're certainly not worth $3.25 each. And frankly, I don't know how you sell and boast about all-natural ingredient cupcakes, yet sell a private label boxed cupcake mix that isn't. Hmmmm!
2	Come on?  Really?  Just because Oprah thinks there great, does not make them so!  Mine are better and they come out of a box and you don't have to wait in line for an hour! I visited Cupcakes at there Beverly Hills store and thought they were ok - but nothing to write home about - in fact, they weren't moist enough!When I saw the one that opened near Fashion Square all that came to mind was really?  Why?  And how the hell can there pay the rent selling cupcakes!?!  Hey, I am not hatin' just asking!
4	Went back to see their site and was sooo shocked that there was only three ppl inside.  I thought wow....I guess not a lot of ppl are liking their cupcakes.  Once we entered...we took our order and within 5 minutes there entered almost 10 ppl.  Now the location is not very big so you can just imagine how tight the spot looked with having 10 additional ppl coming in and it is 104 degrees outside.  Good thing their service is quite fast so it cleared out pretty quickly.  You must get their list of flavors before going cuz they don't have a lot of choices.  I can tell you if you like Orange....go on a Tuesday.  They have the red velvet every day!  They had this lemon blueberry which was quite tasty as well! But gosh! I sure need a glass of water after having one of their cupcakes! YUM!!
1	The people in the valley have become too use to bad food. Their taste buds are non exsistant. I'm a pastry student, no not going to work in Az after graduation, so I couldn't care less about how popular this company is. A friend brought me some cupcakes from this place, with the exception of the dark chocolate cupcakes, they were NASTY. the coconut cupcakes tasted like flour; the strawberry had no taste; they were dense and heavy. A friend of mine, who has an iron stomach, had severe stomach pains. I'm not trying to be mean, but every single person that I gave a cupcake to, hated them. When my friend told me the price of a dozen, I almost choked on my tongue. These people are marketing gods if they can get people to think that they have quality product
5	OMG! If you Love Pumpkin you must try their Pumpkin Cupcake with Cinnamon Cream Cheese Frosting!! It's Out of this world and only Available On Wednesday!!
4	Best strawberry cupcakes and strawberry frosting on the planet!I'm in love. Seriously.  I think next time I might get a whole box of strawberry cupcakes and pull a Jason Biggs on them.If you know where I can find better ones, please let me know.   Disclaimer-- I've never been in the store so my rating is based solely on the Sprinkles strawberry cupcake I received on my b-day. But with a cupcake this good, nothing else matters anyway. . .
4	Well, I wanted to try these, but the line was always around the block with soccer moms with strollers and kids, so I didn't.  I pulled in the other day just 'cause there was no line, and I was passing by.  I ordered the Red Velvet cupcake for me and my amigo.  It came to $7.02 for the two.  But, it was the most moist and delicious cupcake I have had.  I wanted to buy enough for the next month, and just chow down for them and try to look like Jabba the Hut!  I didn't.  It was expensive.  But, MAN OH MAN, that was one DELICIOUS cupcake!
1	Every once in a while, you have an experience that reminds you of the way things are.  And you know what?  There's just no better way to clarify once and for all how disgustingly lopsided America's class system has become than a trip to Sprinkle's.  A friend from Cali just had to go here and so I was brought along.  I watched with a mixture of amusement and anger as silicone-stuffed Scottstitutes lined up one after another to pay over $3 for 5 cents worth of ingredients in a box.  I wondered, "what sort of moron pays $36 for 12 cupcakes?"  I'll answer that question for you: someone with more money than intellect.  My friend insisted I couldn't judge their decisions until I purchased one myself.  I grudgingly forked over my $3.25 for a Dark Chocolate cupcake.With near Willy Wonka-esque inefficiency, the ladies behind the counter finally presented me with my cupcake which had been placed in a box and sealed with a sticker.  I can't imagine a more wasteful way to disburse with a single baked good.  I'm sure part of the $3.25 pays for this cardboard and sticker which will be promptly discarded by the consumer.On to the cupcake itself.  It was good.  Not great, but good.  I'll make no excuses; it tasted nice.  The cake tasted like it should and the frosting was soft.  It tasted like something mom might have made when you were kid.  With that said, my mother would never have spent $3.25 on a cupcake.  I have no problem with paying more for considerably better food or expertise in preparation.  But you can't tell me that there's a rocket science to making cupcakes.  This is purely conspicuous consumption for people with lots of extra cash and very little going on.  How is it that in a country with more than 45 million without healthcare, the wealthy have nothing better to do with their money than the purchase of designer cupcakes?  My advice: do something better with your money.  You'll weigh less and feel better.  And if you want a cupcake, go to the store and buy the ingredients to make a dozen.  Cupcakes are not exactly tough to make.  And with the $30 or so you have left, buy some food for your local shelter or food pantry.
3	I got a dozen sprinkles cupcakes for my birthday from my girlfriends.  I did not get to try them all, but the ones I did taste were very good.  I think the ones I had were the chocolate coconut and the chocolate marshmallow.  The cake was moist and the frosting was probably the best part!  Just a suggestion if you refrigerate them... when you go to eat them let them sit for awhile to get back to room temperature.  They are soooo much better that way:).
2	Ok...I am going to say this...I am extremely disappointed in Sprinkles.I tried my first Sprinkles cupcake back when they first opened.  (Thank you very much Sarah G) I thought the cupcake was AMAZING!  But, i am now thinking this was just way to suck you in.  The reason why I say this is the last 2 times I had cupcakes from Sprinkles, I did not have the same AMAZING experience.Simply put.  The frosting was good....I cannot complain there...but I am not a frosting fan, I am a cake fan.  The cake on the cherry blossom and the lemon cupcake was DRY!  I gave my manager at work the red velvet.  She also said the same thing, frosting: GREAT cake: DRY.  Then she asked me how much I spent on the suckers and she was floored.  $ 3.25 for that?  INSANE!
3	I wanted to love this place.  A whole bakery dedicated to cupcakes....what more could a girl ask for.  Cute packaging - check, visually appealing well presented merchandise - check, cupcakes - check.  My inner girl was doing cartwheels!  My parents live in Phoenix and when I heard that Sprinkles had opened up I quickly booked my flight.  I went on a Friday around 4 o'clock and to my relief there were only a handful of people inside.  Wow, the cupcakes look great.  I ordered a red velvet and a dark chocolate with vanilla frosting.  I ran to my car and opened my little brown box of goodness.  The cupcake seemed dense when I picked it up.  Upon first bite I was in heaven, it was like encountering a soft fluffy cloud.  However, upon the actual chew and swallow part I was left hanging.  It felt like something was missing, like I had encountered a brief rainstorm within my happy place.  I was left longing for something more substantial among the fluffiness.  I can't quite put my finger on it because the icing was decent.  I'm thinking it was the cake part that while moist it didn't have enough flavor.  At this point I had resumed driving and tried to get some more bites by picking the cupcakes up by its base.  Both cupcakes were beheaded and my nice neat little box was a huge mess.  I had only taken a few bites of each but just ended up trashing the whole thing.  I would definitely go to Sprinkles again but only to get fun treats for a birthday party or something along those lines that require cute desserts.
3	Cupcakes were good but overpriced. But if you live in Scottsdale and you're used to paying at least 3 times what you should for.... everything, then I guess it's not a big deal. I tried the chocolate marshmallow, dark chocolate, red velvet, and strawberry. All had a good ratio of cupcake-to-frosting and the cake was moist and light. I asked if they can make custom or specialty cupcakes for special events, like vegan cupcakes (I was thinking of my wedding and my vegan buddies). They said no. The only "specialty" cupcake they make is a flourless cupcake for Passover. Oh well. They're off the list.P.S. Why isn't there any seating in this place?
3	Cupcakes... they seem to be a craze that is not going out of style anytime soon... and I know that everyone and their mother couldn't wait for Sprinkles to open here in AZ!  I have yet to visit the shop, but I did get to sample the banana cupcake since I was part of the group that celebrated Halley's birthday.  It was good.  Great?  No.  Good.  $3.25 per cupcake good?  Personally, I don't think so.  But, it was good... and I think that part of the craze is that the cupcakes look fantastic... so cute and colorful, and they come in a variety of fun flavors (http://www.sprinklescupcakes.com/flavors.html).For a special occasion, I would get Sprinkles again, and I will go visit the store for sure, but am I blown away by Sprinkles?  Not so much!
2	Are these supposed to be cupcakes, or freestanding globs of frosting and...sprinkles?I've never gone into Sprinkles, but my coworkers have brought their cupcakes in on several occasions, so I feel like its fair to review their treats.  And I'm not impressed. The cupcake part is so flimsy and weak, it practically toppled over from the four inches of frosting on top of it, each time I've picked one up. The cake tastes -- really boring. No flavor, other than some sort of weird preservative-like taste (is this from the grocery store bakery? No? Then why does it taste like it is?). I've tasted a vanilla and a chocolate and they both tasted like that.The frosting is yummy, but I ended up throwing away most of it.The worst part about these cupcakes is that, after eating them, both times, I've had a major, major blood sugar crash about two hours afterward. WTF? That doesn't happen when I eat other sweets... just how much sugar is in these things?
1	BAD. Was on vacation and thought I'd stop by. I have tried Sprinkles in Beverly Hills and it was good, not excellent, but good. Have tried Crumbs in Hollywood, and it blew my mind, sooooooo tasty. The girls behind the counter were surly and the one that took my order was really indifferent. I ordered the chocolate marshmallow. What the heck was that? THe cake was so stale it broke apart, like dried playdoh. The frosting tasted like chemicals. And I agree w/ that other view. What do they inject in these things? i was on a sugar high for a good hour and I eat chocolate all the time. My hands were jittery! I threw it away after two bites. What a waste of money and cardboard. This Sprinkles has particularly bad reviews, I wonder if the climate and heat have something to do with the dryness? The A/C was cranked up so high I was cold and it was 110 outside.
2	Public Enemy says it best - "Don't believe the hype!"I've driven to the LA Sprinkles stores and refused to stand in the ridiculously long lines.  I heard everyone spouting that this is a good place.  Or, that they heard about this place on the TV show "The Girls Next Door".  Fortunately, I've had more than one coworker give me cupcakes from one of their stores.  But, the day old cupcake was a bit dry. I wasn't overly impressed. My sister, who's studying to be a pastry chef and happens to make awesome desserts, wanted to try them.  So, we headed out, in search of a fresh, moist cupcake.  Amazingly enough, the lines here at this Sprinkles were not OMF'nG long, like LA.  Only 8 customers in line!!!  But, that could be because it was HOT AS HELL outside.  The one gal that took our order was really friendly.  The other 3 were just as pretty, as can be, with smiles that never reached their eyes.  As I was the last one in the line rush, I overheard a girl say 'Whew.  That was pretty crazy.'   Really, now?  8 customers? Crazy?  Suuuure.... Don't ever get a job a Starbucks.I paid $36 for a dozen pretty looking cupcakes.  $3 a pop.  Flavors:  Red Velvet, Carrot, Chocolate Marshmellow, Peanut Butter Chip and Vanilla.  I was bummed that a few of the flavors I wanted weren't available.  Apparently, they make certain flavor cakes on certain days.  Our order taker wrapped the box in a ziplock plastic bag and recommended that we didn't put them in the refrigerator, so they wouldn't dry out.  Sealed in a bag, they would last a couple days, sitting on the countertop.The verdict?  Some of them were good.  Others EH.  The favorites being Red Velvet, Carrot and Peanut Butter Chip. It could be just the icing - tasty.  But, I'm not sure they were worth the $3 a cake.I'd probably just go back to try the mocha. But, I won't be a regular.  Really, not worth the price.
1	Betty Crocker makes a better cupcake. A friend and I couldn't wait to try these. We'd heard so much about them so we woke up early on a Friday and got to the store before it opened to avoid lines. Good thing we did because 5 min after walking in the door I turned around and the tiny storefront was PACKED and the line was going out the door. I bought a half dozen and my total came to ALMOST $30... for some damn cupcakes. RIDICULOUS. I waited until I got home so my husband and I could both dig in and discuss. Strawberry is my favorite cupcake flavor so it was the first one I tried. I can't even describe my disappointment with not only the strawberry but with every single flavor I bought. Moist? Yes. Bursting with flavor? Absolutely not. We tried Red Velvet, Strawberry, Pumpkin, Black & White, Chocolate and Vanilla and honestly I wouldn't go back. I'd much rather have one from a box than this over priced and over hyped shop.
1	Uhhhhhh, definitely overrated. WOW what a dissapointed. The cupcakes were dry, the icing way too sweet. They could pass for Walmart cupcakes or the like. Crazy pricing too. The only cute thing here is the decor. As a dessert-lover-foreverandever, this cupcake joint broke my heart. Hopefully the other locations have better quality cupcakes because where else is the hype coming from?!
4	First visit was an A+ experience.  Excellent cupcakes!  Pure heaven.  For a sweet treat or gift giving idea, I highly recommend "Sprinkles Cupcakes" at 4501 N. Scottsdale Road. A bit pricey per cupcake and extra costs if you add a gift box. However, I am a repeat customer!
4	Solid Cupcakes or better yet, Solid Cuppies!Not too much frosting, so it doesn't over power the cake.  The cake itself, is pretty fricken good.  They are moist and not real dense. All organic products being used and the kicker of it all, every type of cupcake is made in small batches- awesome quality!I stopped in during their first week of being open and even though they were still getting the shop together, all the basics were ready to go.  I purchased 4 cuppies for dessert:-Strawberry with strawberry frosting - which was the clear winner of the night!-Red Velvet with cream cheese frosting - they just make you wish that you could make this at home!-Chocolate with chocolate frosting - simply good (beware, the sprinkles will go everywhere)-Vanilla with vanilla frosting - this is the always the test for me and they passed with flying colors!Drop in and give them a try.  Everything is organic and you taste the difference!  Sprinkles is just one more reason why visiting Scottsdale is always at the top of my list!
1	I have to say after going to NY and having sugar sweet sunshine cupcakes I really really wanted a cupcake. I Have never liked cupcakes but after that I think about them all the time. So I was driving by and decided to try it out. It took a pretty long time to get my 2 cupcakes for some odd reason?Then I was kinda uphauled that they were 3.50 eachThe best cupcake or even the best dessert I have had prior was amazingly 1.50. But enough of sugar sweet sunshine.So I got the 2 cupcakes for 7 bucks, regrettably. I figured its gotta be good right? Wrong!Here's what I got...Coconut= dry thick cake with no flavor, super sugary bad flavored hard frosting. Even though the grocery store brand cupcakes have trans fat they still tasted way better than these pieces of shit. If I didn't read the ingredients Id swear it wasn't real sugar because it tasted horrible. Black and White= even worse than the first, this one was way more dry! The icing was somewhat lemony and even harder than the first one. I would never ever go back !!
5	So mid-day yesterday I was craving something sweet and thought a cupcake would do the trick:).  Sprinkles is pretty close to my office so a co-worker and myself went to go check it out.  The store is nothing fancy... the interesting thing to me was the amount of counter help... We were the only 2 people in the store and when we walked in there was a wall of people staring at us.  I guess this place gets crazy that they need that many people on hand to help out:).  I picked out 4 cupcakes so I could take some home to share with Michael... I got the Peanut Butter Chocolate, 2 Lemon Coconut and 1 Black & White.  These cupcakes were sooo good!  I find myself right now at mid-day again wishing I had that last Lemon Coconut cupcake sitting on the counter at my house:).
3	Honestly, I love cupcakes. Like I said in my Wicked Bakery review, eating a cupcake, unlike a slice of cake, gives one a sense of accomplishment. I like cupcakes. I like the sense of accomplishment you get from eating a cupcake. You may have had a hard day, but you finished an entire cupcake. That's validation. It makes me happy.Sprinkles is a great place to go for a sugar fix, but I have to say there are some negatives. I have had a dry cupcake there. They are a bit on the expensive side.The worst sin of all? Their red velvet is "a southern style light chocolate cake with a cream cheese frosting". I have to disagree. I don't detect any cream cheese flavor in that frosting.The first time I devoured a Sprinkles cupcake it was magical. I was particularly impressed with the black and white- "Belgian dark chocolate with creamy vanilla frosting". I was in a shoebox Los Angeles apartment and the cupcakes seemed of adequate size. The next time was the new location  am currently reviewing and they were consumed in a larger-than-shoebox Chandler house. They seemed a little small. The third time was in my car- a Subaru Baja, and the cupcakes, again seemed sizable. I'd have to think that consuming a Sprinkles cupcake in an SUV would not be a great idea- the cupcake to eating space ratio would be all off. For true cupcake validation, I'll drive the 35.9 miles to Wicked.Ok- you caught me. I might stop by for an emergency fix if I happen to be in the area, but I'll be thinking of Slade at Wicked... and I'll be consuming my confection in a small space.
3	The cinnamon tasted, well, brown.My husband, being the foodie of the family, used me having a bad day as an excuse to give Sprinkles a shot. We filed bankruptcy shortly after, as he bought four for the two of us, at $3.50 a cake. Its against my religion to spend that much on an individual serving, unless it contains alcohol.The first one I had one was chocolate cake and a mocha icing, and it was pretty dry and not much flavor. The icing was the best part, the cake was a distant second. The second one (right, like you save cupcakes for later. There is no later.), was one with a cinnamon icing and and I'm-not-exactly-sure cake. I was really excited for the icing and I was super disappointed, because instead of tasting cinnamon, I tasted brown. Sandy brown. That's the only way I know how to describe it. Not bad for a paint color, but not good for icing. The cake was even worse, really crumbly and dry. I ate half. What does that tell you? Half a cupcake. Who does that? Haven't been back to try them again and I probably won't. I've had Lulu's and I have to say, that if Lulu and Sprinkle went at it in the Octagon, it'd be all Lulu, all night.
1	Well....what can I say?I have heard about these dang cupcakes for years now. Then, one finally opens in Scottsdale. My 10 yr old neice and I get in the car to make the drive (talking the whole time about how excited we are).We get to Sprinkles (which is in a horrible location) and walk in to order. It is the tiniest place with about 10 cupcake flavors to offer. My niece looks at me like "this is it? this is what we have been talking about for months?" I sigh.... I know.We get two cupcakes to go (you can only order in even numbers!!! WTF). We order chocolate chocolate and peanut butter chocolate. THE WORST CUPCAKES EVER!!! For $9 we get 2 cupcakes!!!!  .... We take two bites in the car and then throw the rest away. Horrible. We made better cupcakes from Betty Croker $.99 mix from Safeway last week.So So So Sad! They should be ashamed of themselves!
5	YIKES!! Its a good thing that this place it a far drive for me - cuz it could spell trouble. If you ever have a craving for a real delight and want to really 'enjoy a silent moment'.....try one of their coconut, lemon or dark chocolate cupcakes. Honestly I didnt care how many calories are in them....I was weak in the knees. There is standing room only in this shop  - literally I think my bathroom is bigger -but a big thumbs up for the cupcakes, and kudos on their packaging!!. (its definitely built into the pricing!)
1	I wish I didn't have to give ONE STAR uhgg .. The whole experience was horrible.. I drove all the way from Surprise to get cupcakes, and it was so not worth it.My friend and I each ordered 6 cupcakes at the same time.. and after almost 15 mins of waiting, I had mine and she still didnt have hers.  So we left with 1/2 our order.   Got in the car expecting some awesome cupcakes and took the BAD attitude of the employees with a grain of salt.   Well we bite into these things and look at each other like HUH?? YUK YUK YUK they were dry.. and the icing was DISGUSTING .. dont know who would be buying a shot of this crap for the kids! And to all the celebs that endorse these cupcakes.. well common.. its cuz theyre so skinny they NEVER eat.. they dont know what a cupcake should taste like!! Whatever they're cute and a glance is probably as close as those cupcakes ever come to a celebs mouth!
3	This place has a crappy location and hardly any parking. The employees are kinda snoody, which was kinda expected. The cupcakes themselves where actually good. I had the banana one and red velvet. They both were good. The price is borderline retarded. They are not even big cupcakes for $4 a piece. For $4 the cupcakes should be as big as a F'n basketball, but nope just normal size.
5	Yes, the cupcakes here are just as good as the ones in Newport Beach and the line is way, way shorter!
5	Just say NO to Tammy Coe... Ok.. I thought that Tammy Coe had good cupcakes... That has all changed now....Today I'm driving along Scottsdale Road and out the corner of my eye... I see the word... "CUPCAKE"... a U turn later I've got a red velvet cupcake in my mouth.. Sorry Tammy... Sprinkles cupcakes blow yours away... These are unlike any cupcake I ever had... as if the cake was baked by the Hindu Goddess Annapurna and the icing was made from unicorn tears. As one would imagine, its pricey to have a goddess create food that could inspire a symphony... (4 for 14.00)... but in the grand scheme of things... its a small price to pay to eat food baked with the spirit of holiness! Kids... start saving your pennies... they are worth every cent!
5	All You HATERS sit the "F" down! I don't see you complaining about your $5^ lattes!! I went again and I bought six: 2 Red V, 2 Black & White, 1 Vanilla Milk Chocolate and 1 Eggnog Spice. I also bought one of their yogurt covered doggie cupcakes too.! I have to tell you,they have by far the BEST RED VELVET cupcake in town!!! . Frosting is perfect! Every time this cake has been extremely moist and the freshest of the bunch And it doesn't turn your mouth red either!!! This was my first time trying the Black and white and I really liked it too, the cake was rich and moist as well. The Vanilla Milk Chocolate is one of my faves, this cake is pretty dense compared to the others but definitely not dry, and GOD I Love that chocolate cream cheese frosting on top! Haven't eaten the Eggnog one yet but I did taste the frosting (eggnog cream cheese) Hell yeah it's good! The PupCake smelled good enough for me to eat but I gave it to the pooch and she thought it was amazing!
4	I've not much of a sweet tooth, so I hadn't considered venturing out in search of cupcakes.  No, this experience was brought to me.  I'd never heard of Sprinkles nor had I actually been to Sprinkles.  In fact, I didn't even know their price range.  A completely "blind" tasting experience.I opened a pristinely ziploc-ed box of six different varieties.  Inside the cakes were kept separate with dividers to prevent smashing.  If nothing else, the folks at Sprinkles take pride in their little cakes.  A group of us pounced armed with the conveniently-supplied knives...Guided by recommendations I headed directly for bites of the Red Velvet and Carrot.  The cakes were deliciously moist and topped with the perfect amount of frosting; not too much to smother the cake but still enough to add some excitement.  After giving my palate a rest I went back in for some Peanut Butter Chip.  All were delicious in their own little way but the sum of those was enough for me.Should I ever be in need of cupcakes I know where to go.  But I will remember that these cakes are best shared.
5	I admit I'm part of the mindless cupcake/froyo/food of the moment craze and Sprinkles are awesome. Obviously it's insane to pay $3.75 for a cupcake, but they are a fun treat and SUPER rich. You can split one with a friend and feel satisfied. The location is a little strange and out of the way, but inside its very hip and clean. The only flavor I haven't liked so far out of about six of them is the vanilla. Strawberry is my favorite.
4	great product, cool concept and atmosphere, would get the 5th star if was more welcoming to hanging out and enjoying with a cup of coffee, but i also can respect the fact that this place is strictly business.  like any place if you get there during a rush you are gong to wait, but the trade off is fresh product neatly packaged a for sure spot to check out in old town
2	We make a point of going to cupcake places when we are on vacation.  We always get one red velvet and one of their "unique" cupcakes.  We use the red velvet as a control and the other to gauge creativity.  We finally decided to try this experiment on our hometown cupcakery. The place was decorated nice enough but it was unorganized.  Some people were standing in line at the register to order, some just went  and grabbed someone and ordered, some just stood - bewildered.  That is not necessarily the fault of the shop, but a sign would help. Our red velvet was the worst we've ever had.  Not only was the taste bitter but the top of the cupcake came off!  That's a big no-no.  This is unacceptable for a grocery store cupcake and really, a huge negative when it comes to a $4 cupcake. The peanut butter chip cupcake was also uninspiring.  The cake was not moist and the frosting was not as creamy as it should be.I think the people of Phoenix deserve better and have not experienced what all is out there.  Hopefully something decent comes along in the near future.
3	5 stars for the concept itself (bringing a cupcake store to Scottsdale) and the bright airy store environment. I am totally not a big fan of sweet so maybe my overall rating is a bit biased, but I've had cupcakes at Magnolia (NY) and absolutely loved every single bite.  Sprinkle's, however, didn't really strike me in the same way. I thought they were extremely overtly sweet =/One other thing when we were sharing a red velvet, the top came off ! WTH?!
5	Holy Hell. Best cupcakes ever. If you like coconut and chocolate go for the Chocolate Coconut one. Like PB and Chocolate? The Peanut Butter Chip one is amazing too. Oh yeah the milk chocolate and dark chocolate ones are good too. Okay throw in a Cinnamon Sugar one for good measure too -I am just a chocolate hound, obviously.
2	The girls that were working were very niceOverly niceAnd helpfulUnfortunately, the cupcakes were overpriced and very average tasting.I'll take Cake Cafe cupcakes anyday over these.  They're open on Sundays which is a plus.
1	I was at an event where they brought in Sprinkles cupcakes. So I can't write about the experience of going into the store. But I do know a good cupcake when I taste one and the one I had was not good. It was a chocolate cake and I think a white frosting with chocolate sprinkles. The cake was very dry. So much so that it was difficult to eat because it crumbled every time I took a bite. Also the frosting left a funny aftertaste in my mouth. I know it's possible that it was just an off batch, but for my cupcake fix I'll continue to support the local Scottsdale Bakery and Cupcake Company for now.
4	Yes, I actually walked here (five miles roundtrip) to buy four cupcakes.  It was worth it to me, especially since the temp. was around 65 degrees. The store was really cute, but I wish there had been a sitting area to just chill out.  Plus, I really wanted to eat my chocolate marshmallow cupcake right then, but I had to wait until I was back at a bench on Camelback.  Anyway, I also ordered lemon (one of my faves, I've actually made the Sprinkles mix cupcakes that they sell at Williams Sonoma), coconut, and banana chocolate.  Two of them are for friends I'm seeing here, and one is for me for later.  Back to the choc. marshmallow, it was pretty good, but reminded me of a hostess type treat, so not as good as I expected.  Also, I bought a chocolate peppermint cupcake mix ($14.00 is pretty hefty though) to make in my kitchen in Mass.  There was no wait as I got there at 11 in the morning and the staff was as friendly as they could be for a posh cupcake shop.  Of course $3.50 is too much for a single cupcake, when I can make twenty-four at home for pretty much the same price.   But that's a chain cupcakery for you.  Although, I may go back tomorrow for a chai latte cupcake.  :)
5	Cupcakes are to die for! Butter creme frosting is the best in town.  I don't see how anyone can not love this place.  Yes the cupcakes are a lil overpriced 3.25 a piece but its totally a little bit of heaven.  I took my Grandma who is the ultimate cupcake critic (like all grandmas)  and she couldn't believe how light the cake was and rich the frosting is.  Simply the best.
4	Honestly, what's not to LOVE!!Ordered two dozen cupcakes for a bridal shower last weekend.  Quick and easy online ordering and payment in advance made for an easy breezy day-of pick up.Mixed and matched 4 different flavors and they were all delicious.  Cake was moist and yummy, and frosting was thick, rich, and utterly decadent.Throw them on a tier display and they make for a great presentation.  Only 4 stars because they are a little pricey and that's no fun.  BUT....they were completely worth it.
4	It was a special occasion (the fiance's birthday), and I happened to be next door at American Apparel, so I figured why not?  I ran into Sprinkles, was welcomed by the three sweet young girls working there, did a quick once over at all of the perfectly frosted cupcakes, debated buying Minnie a doggie cupcake (a pupcake) for $2.50, and ended up with a 6-pack of assorted cupcakes instead.The only request I had was that they make sure to put in a red velvet cupcake.  I didn't see carrot cake or else I would've requested that also.  Included in the 6-pack were:*peanut butter chip*vanilla milk chocolate*black and white*strawberry*red velvet*and one more with lots of chocolate...I actually planned on sharing the cupcakes with our party at dinner that night, but one didn't make it that long - I gave it to a friend before.  So bye bye peanut butter chocolate chip!  It was fine though seeing that our group for dinner was only 4...I'm starting my wedding diet tomorrow (or at least that is what I keep telling myself), so I gave in and shared some of the vanilla milk chocolate and black and white cupcakes later that night with my mother-in-law-to-be... mmmmmmmmmm.  The frosting was my favorite part of both.  The cake part was not as moist as I was hoping.  I eyed the red velvet like there was no tomorrow but I knew I didn't need another bite.  (Better on someone else's thighs or belly than mine, right?!)I'm increasing my star rating for Sprinkles from a 3 to a 4 because of yummy frosting and cute packaging.  But I hope not to step foot in or put my mouth on a Sprinkles cupcake for a very long time... (cupcakes are definitely not a part of my wedding diet that I really am starting today!)
2	I really want to like Sprinkles. We live just a few blocks away, and the Beautiful Carin and I decided to walk over and have a cupcake after dinner. It is the third try (strike?) for Sprinkles. I like cake and I especially like moist and flavorful cake. Sprinkles doesn't seem to be either. I had the Red Velvet and that is a hard kind of cake to make dry. I just don't know what they are doing wrong.Carin had a peanut butter cupcake and it was just flat.I have also had the cupcakes from Lulu's and Cupcake which I think are generally better, as well as cupcakes from Tammy Coe (which is, BTW the way cake is supposed to be).As I say, it was a nice evening for stroll and treat, but maybe I should have gone for a gelato, instead.
2	I like cupcakes regardless of their popularity; you can do all sorts of things with them (decorations, build a pyramid) and they fit right in your hand, and are filling for their size. I've had some good cupcakes in my time. Sprinkles isn't on that list.  See I think that Sprinkles, as a company, doesn't really like cupcakes. I think they like the fact that they can bank on a fad. Their shop is very scene-y, which is the antithesis of the happy cupcake times I want to experience. Its the kind of place an anoerexic would go and gaze fondly at the cupcakes and then leave not having eaten anything. I went in and was immediately greeted by multiple employees, and was explained their rotating cupcake stocking system and told that their red velvet cupcakes were the most popular. I asked them if they used real beets to color the chocolate cake...they just gaped at me, then each other. Finally someone came up with "...noo, we use red food coloring." well thrilling. FYI European studies are consistently showing that a number of red food dyes interact with children's endocrine systems causing migraines and ADHD symptoms and Red #3 has even caused tumors in mice! Anyway the magic of red velvet is the earthy play the beets offer, not just the color so I skipped that and when for Lemon Ginger. $3.51 is $3.51, but this better be a really good cupcake. Here we go: the frosting has the only flavor...lemon extract that is. It is sweet the way I like my frosting but a little crunchy and crystallized from sitting out all day. The cake was like moist cardboard. I mean that in the best way of course - the cake was fine but had zero taste. That was where I was expecting the ginger kick. When I finished it I realized that I was expecting ginger the root, when the real goal was the ginger flavor of boxed cakes which are two totally different worlds. In the end I want a cupcake that tastes like someone made it with love...not necessarily love for ME, but love for cupcakes in general. Sprinkles is the McDonalds of cupcakes.
3	I am not happy with Sprinkles, but I can't really subtract stars because I make better cupcakes than they do.  Let me first start with the location.  It's very stupid.  Very easy to miss and it blends in with everything else.  No personality.  I guess when you are so famous though, you don't need "personality" to get people in.  Second of all, I hate Scottsdale.  Again, I can't subtract stars for this, it doesn't make sense.As for the cupcakes, they are really only okay.  I will set aside my disdain for chains and judge solely on the quality of the cupcakes.  I ordered a red velvet and a peanut butter chocolate.  The red velvet was very plain.  It lacked the subtle cocoa flavor and the lovely tangy flavor of the buttermilk that should be peeking through the copious amounts of red food coloring.  It wasn't.  I just tasted red and cake.  Not really that great.  To top it all off, my cupcake crown popped off the second I picked it up.  This pissed me off.  It essentially ruined my first bite.  At least I could still eat it.  The cream cheese frosting was so-so.  I really like a big bold cream cheese flavor to pair with a red velvet, and this was barely tangy.  It was super sweet, slightly grainy and it got that crust on the top from sitting out too long.  The red velvet overall was kind of meh.The peanut butter chocolate was definitely not what I had hoped for.  The cake was very dense and peanut buttery, but lacking in sugar.  It was studded throughout with chocolate chips.  The frosting was chocolate, and it's texture was nice and smooth.  It was covered in chocolate jimmies, I just love those.  This cupcake was okay.  The lack of sweetness in the cake made me wished it was saltier.  A saltier cake paired with the delightfully sweet frosting would have made for a much more grown-up and sophisticated cupcake.  It was just okay as is.Sprinkles, I will not be back.  I don't like you.  Good luck in all you do though.  I would never wish bad things on a cupcake bakery.
1	No vegan cupcakes found here...
4	I honestly can't tell if this business started up as a passion project or someone's idea of the funniest way to rip off the rich and convince them that they were being trendy.I'm always fighting an internal battle when it comes to Sprinkles. While they're ultimately VERY tasty and definitely the best cupcakes I've ever had, I still find myself thinking, "I'm paying that much for six cupcakes? Really?" I've been eating they're cupcakes since a few years back when I lived in LA and these were the new "in" thing in Beverly Hills. It's no surprise that their first move out of CA was to Scottsdale and besides In-N-Out, it's one of the best imported franchises they have to offer.To be honest, as far as flavors go, you can't really go wrong with anything you pick here. They're super rich, so really think about if you want just two or a dozen. It makes sense as to why they give you a fork a knife to eat these things.When it really boils down to it, Sprinkles is a guilty pleasure. By picking up an order here and enjoying it, you feel like you should be at a party with the kind of people that dress their chihuahuas in juicy couture hoodies and drink only beverages that some how include hand picked wheat grass from Bali. On the other hand, the cupcakes are so good that you decide to suck it up and savor the taste.
3	Boy, there are some total cupcakes critics on yelp! Hilarious reviews!My boyfriend heard of this place on Fox 10 news and insisted that we give it a whirl since every time we drove by and peeked inside, it seemed packed. Definitely an "in" thing... First started in Beverly Hills... now in Scottsdale.. we already know what sorta superficial crowd this attracts... After a long afternoon of window shopping at Fashion Square we stepped inside Sprinkles to see what all the talk was about... Aside from all the snobby Louis Vuitton wearing botox injection chattering cougars, the shop was pretty simple & cute. We made our selection and forked over $3.25 per cupcake... came home... unveiled our expensive and pretty little treats and prepared ourselves.. the result? Ehh.. nothing spectacular. The frosting was definitely not from a Duncan Hines jar, but it wasn't mind blowing-ly awesome either. The cake was moist but tasted average. All the boasting about the high quality ingredients and freshness must have not applied to our purchase.It was a new experience, and we now know that the popularity of Sprinkles is similar to that of Paris Hilton.. she... just like Sprinkles are famous for being famous... I probably wont go back.. i can put that $3.25 per cupcake towards my next Petsmart donation... and I'll feel better about myself too :)
4	I like their red velvet cake.the best way to enjoy sprinkles cupcakes is to buy their mix, follow the directions EXACTLY for the cupcakes and the frosting and enjoy. it is 238475230984572098347520983475290837452908374598273458723457 times better. the ones in the store do not even compare to the ones you make with their mix.
4	I was super excited when I heard sprinkles was coming to town!  But I was a bit disappointed after tasting and tasting and tasting!  I tried just about every flavor they had when they first opened over a period of a month (it's a surprise my pants still fit after that).  And I just felt like their cake was too dry, OR too oily.  BUT, recently I went back to give it another try since I now work so close by.  Oh my god they have improved!  Whatever kinks they had they worked them out!  I LOVE almost all of their flavors.  The chocolate marshmallow, banana, coconut (my favorite) chocolate coconut, mocha, black and white, etc etc.  I die.  But I will say I wish they would go a little lighter on the frosting.  Some frosting still tastes a little like plastic, but their chocolate and cream cheese frosting are to die for.
5	I could go on and on about how wonderful the cupcakes are but I feel that has already been done.  They are phenomenal, no doubt about it.  In addition to all of their wonderful flavors, the cupcakes they had for Passover were amazing - finally, a dessert that's worth eating during the holiday!  The customer service at Sprinkles is FANTASTIC!  I have asked them to package the cupcakes for air travel on two different occassions and they have made it so easy for me.  Total side note - a red velevet cupcake goes a looooooong way in terms of barter.  Hello first class cabin to Hawaii!
5	So, I pretty much love Sprinkles...I love the store, I love the cupcakes, and I love the service.  I live in San Diego, but I have family in Scottsdale and every time I am there, I hit up Sprinkles.  So far, my favorite is the Red Velvet...delicious.  My least favorite, although it was still good, the lemon coconut.
3	More hype than anything...Don't get me wrong the cupcakes are good and all however...There shouldn't be a "scene" when ordering cupcakes for christ's sake. Friggin Scottsdale ruins everything.
2	I'd been patiently awaiting the arrival of Sprinkles Cupcakes in Scottsdale for many months (the delay on the building was killing me!!!), and finally opening day came. I live in South Chandler, and luckily go to school at ASU, so the drive up Scottsdale Road after class wasn't killer out of the way. The line was out the door and there were very few varieties left even though there were still at least 3 more business hours left for the day. I had my heart set on a lemon cupcake, but they claimed they didn't have any left for the day (a tray was set out as I was leaving the shop!!!) I picked up 13, 12 for sharing, and one for the car ride home. The price was certainly exorbant, $42 for 13 cupcakes made my head spin, but it was happily charged to my credit card, thinking about how tasty these cupcakes were going to be... I had a coconut cupcake for 30 mile ride home. The cake was dry. The frosting was tasty, but extremely sugary with the sweetened coconut on top. There wasn't a cream cheese tang to the frosting that usually comes with good coconut cupcakes. It tasted like regular buttercream to me. I was let down. But I had 4 other varieties to try when I got home...It was the same story with the other cupcakes (Red Velvet, Black and White, Vanilla, and Vanilla Milk Chocolate). The cake was dry (I highly doubt these were made that week!) and crumbly, and the frosting just didn't seem right. The Red Velvet didn't have the cream cheese tang, just like the coconut. The Vanilla/Vanilla Milk Chocolate cakes were the worst. They didn't hold up to a knife at all! The Black and White was the most moist out of the five varieties I tried, but the chocolate flavor in the cake seemed almost burnt.I thought maybe these were maybe opening day/week flubs, but the consistancy has stayed the same. I've been back two more times, hoping that maybe they've worked it out, but they really haven't! And somehow, they've been out of the fruit flavor I had planned on getting each time I've been there!I was really disappointed in these cupcakes, especially for the price. I can whip up a batch of 2 dozen frosted homemade cupcakes for less than 2 of Sprinkles' Cupcakes. I should have known not to get caught up in the hype. (BTW, Tammie Coe Cakes Ooey Gooey Cupcakes are much better if you're looking for a quick treat!).
2	After hearing all the "OMG" reviews, I just had to try them out. Honestly? So not worth it for the money I spent. My mom's taste WAY better, and she makes them out of a box. Save your money and make your own. I didn't think it was possible to have a combo or dry AND oily, yet Sprinkles manages to do both. The frosting is cloying/super sweet and if I didn't have diabetes before, I'm certainly going to have them now.
4	Ok so who goes from California to Scottsdale and ends up at a Sprinkles? That would be ME. In search for a cute independently owned cupcakery to test how AZ cupcakes stack up to SF Bay cuppies... we headed to downtown Scottsale. WELL, not really for the cupcakes, but just to check it out. However, seeing there were a handful of cupcakeries nearby, we had to try one.BUT the reviews of 2 and 3 stars for some of these places seriously put me off. I hate dry cupcakes and I was not eager to spend precious calories on something that would not satisfy. Sprinkles had the better reviews and whala it was open after all the other places closed. (Note to self, who closes a bakery at 6pm? Cupcake freaks come out at NIGHT!)We have a Sprinkles about a 15 min drive from us@home, but have I ever gone??? NO. So yes here we are at Sprinkles in AZ. The gals are friendly, they answer my questions tirelessly. I end up with 2, lemon and chocolate marshmallow.They stay overnight in our hotel room since our dinner left absolutely no room for cupcakes. I was worried they'd be dry and stale the next morning when I busted them out at 7am before my workout. Gotta get some carbs in so I can burn them off right?Bottom line... Sprinkles may not be a cute little indy shop any longer but their stuff is solid. No mixes, the dark chocolate cupcakes are the perfect combo of dark, bitter, and sweet. The lemon was dense, I think mine is better, but the chocolate marshmallow OMG. It was like a grownup version of a Hostess cupcake, MY FAVORITE. Despite their overnight rest, they were not dry, the result of a fair amount of oil if the residue on my fingers was any indication.Please send me three dozen of the Chocolate Marshmallow please. I will love you forever. Thanks.
2	The Beautiful Carin and I were out and about this past Sunday evening. She was recovering from some sort of bug and had a little craving for something sweet.I would love to give Sprinkles another star (or even 2...I am a generous and thoughtful person:) for being open Sunday evening, when no one else was (and I do mean no one...we tried See's, anywhere else, etc...no dice).We went in and I swear, they had at least 10 employees behind the counter...Chief Greeting Officer, assistant to the greeter, Chief Order Taking Officer, assistant order taker, Chief Cupcake Hander Outer, assistant cupcake hander outer, Chief Money taker, and her assistant...you kind of begin to see why they charge $34 a pop for the cupcakes (no, not really...I'm exaggerating for "comic effect"...the cupcakes are only $20 each:)But they had a ton of folks working there...and when the door to the kitchen (I can't really call it a bakery) opened, there must have been another 15 oompa-loompa's scurrying around in there, mixing, icing, sprinkling, etc.With all that, you'd think they could make the best cupcake in the universe...no, not even close.On Sunday, they had the added advantage of being the only ones to show up for work and they still couldn't beat the locals. I will say that the cupcakes seemed better than the last time (although still sub-par)...fresher...but I frankly attribute that to the fact that they were the only game in town and the cupped cakes weren't sitting around as long.Sadly, still 2 stars, even if they were the only place that was open.
2	I've had way better and for less money.  Seriously over-rated.  Plus could the parking and store be any smaller.  The cupcakes look pretty but as my daugther put it, it wasn't as good as it looked.  I would buy a grocery store cupcake over these any day.
4	The stock of cupcake flavors seemed to be running low when I popped in, (not surprising since it was half an hour before closing). DON'T PANIC. The lovely cupcake girls announced that while they might not be visible in the display case, at least 10 varieties (those on the board with a dot by them) were back in the kitchen and could easily be frosted if any of us customers so desired. Cupcake crisis averted.But the best part about my visit was getting a free red velvet cupcake for mentioning the Twitter secret code: "sugar rush." Follow http://twitter.com/sprinklescupcks and you'll be in the know too for their next freebie.Oh, did I mention they also have the cutest website? And seasonal flavors too, including for Passover, Cinco de Mayo and Mother's Day this month. I'm headed up this weekend for some Key Lime perfection.
1	I actually would give this 1 1/2 stars.After driving across town to find out what the fuss was all about, I had a vanilla bourbon cupcake with coconut frosting.The taste of the cupcake was OK, but it was extremely heavy and fairly dry.I'd give it a 2.But the frosting was a too-sweet, heavy, lard-like blob with coconut on top.  Ick!  I'd give it a 1, since you have no zero.  Bottom line: Never again.  If you are a coconut fan like I am, go to the nearest Whole Foods and pay the extra dollar or so to get one of their little coconut cakes.  Far superior.
1	We got some for a work birthday, so I haven't been IN the building, but I shared 2 cupcakes (each person eats 1total but tries 2 halves...) chocolate and Bourbon Vanilla and I have to say that I would have had a better overall cupcake with Duncan Hines.  The cake was dry.  The frosting wasn't more than ok with hints of good.  The chocolate was so thick it was like a dessert on it's own, but then it left a heavy oily aftertaste.  Not like "oh they used real butter" oily just like.... "fat" oily.  Blech.  I have given very very very few 1 stars in my time, and I might have been tempted to go to 2 stars until I remembered the price.  Taste = 1.5 stars.  Taste to value = 1 star.
4	So I finally made it to a Sprinkles.  I love the clean modern interior and the fact that all the cupcakes are right in front of you.  Seeing the product always helps me decide what I want.  Lucky for me this is the time they make key lime cupcakes!  It was perfect.  I have had other key lime cupcakes and they were too sweet, not tart.  This cupcake had the tartness because they brush them with key lime juice right out of the oven.  I also took a bite of the red velvet, which was decent, but not the best I ever had.Service was friendly and efficient.  Packaging was cute.  They sell mixes at the store, which is a great way for them to extend their brand.  All in all, a nice post shopping snack.
4	Now I understand what the fuss is all about. Red velvet and banana dark chocolate cupcakes..YUM.
3	Sugar high...gotta have it really need sugar high.....oh sorry. Ok. So now I've eaten a Sprinkles cupcake which I guess is supposed to be a status symbol in the Scottsdale world. Honestly, I don't see the big deal. It's a very high priced cupcake that didn't really knock my socks off like I had hoped it would.I had the peanut butter chocolate cupcake. The peanut butter was very subtle as it seemed overwhelmed by the amount of sugary chocolate in the frosting. The cupcake itself was moist and yummy, but very messy at the same time. Brought 2 home for my family. Hubby had the black and white cupcake and said all he could think of while eating his was Wilford Brimley's diabetes commercials. My 8 year said his milk chocolate cupcake was good but crumbly and was too chocolatey...is that possible? Apparently so because he's a real choco-holic. The store is very clean, but small considering the clientle was lined up all the way out the door. The staff was VERY friendly, helpful, and nice. I'd go to Sprinkles again but it won't be something that I make a real effort to pursue. One cupcake was truly enough.
4	Being from California, I've passed by Sprinkles many times. Unfortunately,  I never tried Sprinkles until I came to Arizona lol. Better late than never, I always say!There is tons of debate in the 'Cupcake Lovers World' (a.k.a. the internet, b.k.a. Yelp) on whether Sprinkles is God's gift to the world or just another cupcake shop... whether paying $3.25  for a cupcake is worth it or insanity... Well, after trying it- I'm here to set the record straight.Plain and simple- there is no denying that Sprinkles cupcakes are delicious. There is definitely a noticeable difference in the flavors used for their cupcakes. The vanilla milk chocolate cupcake I had was incredibly rich and flavorful. The peanut butter chip cupcake tasted amazing. The strawberry tasted so fresh and sweet. And seriously, who doesn't love Red Velvet? Straight up, Sprinkles cupcakes are a cut above the rest.BUT, with that being said- $3.25 is still an insane price for a cupcake lol. I was hesitant to pay so much per cupcake- but after eating them i can understand it. They are gourmet cupcakes and you get what you pay for.This particular Sprinkles had a friendly staff- and although there was a long line my transaction was taken care of fast. I don't think I'd go to Sprinkles often to spend $3.25 a pop on a cupcake- but you should definitely try it and taste the difference!
5	I stopped by around 2pm it wasn't very busy and the girls that worked there were very friendly and extremely helpful. I ordered a dozen cupcakes and became the cupcake fairy for the day. It was my day off so I spent my day dropping off cupcakes to my friends and family who haven't tried them yet. They fell in love with the cupcakes and finally understood what all the fuss is about. My favorite is the strawberry cupcake the frosting tastes like strawberry and the cake is similar to banana bread. I tried the peanut butter one and I almost barfed. I enjoy peanut butter in moderation but this was an overload. Unless you are obsessed with peanut butter I wouldn't recommend it. Black and white and marshmallow were also pretty tasty. I don't even really like sweets but I can't help but devour these cupcakes even though I always get a tummy ache after eating them :)
4	Mmmm.....just came back from satisfying my cupcake craving! My husband and I tried the Banana Chocolate, Dark Chocolate, Carrot and Dark Chocolate Marshmallow....all were delicious! : ) Only missing a star due to seemingly a bit pricey!...However when you have a craving...it is not so pricey at all. I liked the many choices, the staff were great and I thought it very cute that you can buy your dogs cupcakes there too!
5	Being the dessert fiend I have become over the years, Sprinkles scratches me right where I itch.  Dude, you wanna talk about delectable little mounds of mouth wateringly good cupcakes?  The discussion stops at Sprinkles.I have tried about 5 of their flavors and settled on the Red Velvet as the best.  Moist, sweet, and delicious.  The cream cheese frosting is not too cream cheesy if that makes any sense.  Having one makes you long for an entire bakers dozen.  Their chocolate is pretty good, but I did not enjoy the vanilla cupcake or the marshmallow frosting.  A little too much.  I am going to have to go back and try the Banana with cream cheese frosting or chocolate frosting.  I was a little let down when they didn't have either of the Peanut Butter selections.  They don't make every kind of cupcake everyday.The place itself is very cool.  It has a minimalist style and they proudly display all of the cupcakes right up front.  The cupcakes are a bit pricey, but IMHO, well worth it.
2	Flour. Sugar. Butter. Egg.Big.Friggin.Whoop.Didn't go in, but they were delivered to my office.Had two flavors - both were okay, but so sugary that they tasted pretty much the same.  Frosting tasted distinct at least, and was decent frosting, but there was actually too much of it piled up there.  (I hear an elderly Jewish man in the background of my review right now, saying in a most stereotypical Jackie Mason voice, "I should have such problems.")I guess this is a clear example of an establishment setting a higher standard for itself with their pricing point, presentation, and marketing, and then not being able to live up to that standard.  A $0.50 cupcake from a girlscout bakesale may not have the prestige or cachet, but I'd bet that the girl or her mom at least stirred the batter properly before putting it in the little cups.  One of my cupcakes had the unstirred situation happening -- where one bite was flour-y, the next almost tasted baking soda-y for some reason.  Inexcusable.There is a sliding scale for judging those places that charge premium prices.  That means this cupcake gets a 2 star rating, while the bakesale homejob from the box would get 4 stars.  Because it's not trying to be something it's not.Flour. Sugar. Butter. Egg.Take that, lemmings.  Bourgeois be B&.
5	My first trip to Sprinkles yesterday, but second time I'd had their cupcakes. We decided to get two each, then half each one, so we could try four. Got the Peanut Butter Chip, Red Velvet, Lemon & Cinnamon Sugar. We were about fourth in line when we got there, but by the time we left, it was packed. They do a good job of getting though the line and getting people out quickly. Not a big fan of the Cinnamon Sugar. Don't get me wrong, it was REALLY good, but more of a muffin than a cupcake...no frosting! The lemon frosting was fantastic, the cake just ok. Not lemony enough for me! Red Velvet was tasty, the frosting really good. But both of us agree that the Peanut Butter Chip was the winner of the day! The nice peanut buttery cake with just enough chocolate flavor and the to die for peanut butter frosting! All cakes were very moist. Loved it enough that we will be making another trip out there this week before she leaves. Delicious! Parking lot SUCKS. Especially when the biggest ever black SUV feels the needs to sit idling for more than 20 minutes blocking the flow of traffic. Park in a spot already!!!
5	I can't tell you for sure.  It may be that this place isn't that great.  But since I basically just *completed* over a cupcake I think that five stars is the least i could do.I'm gonna tell you a secret--if you follow @sprinkles on twitter they sometimes have secret codes you can whisper to them to get a free cupcake.  Today it was a free red velvet for the first 25 ppl that came in and whispered "3."  So in order to prevent myself from going there every morning when they open and getting a free cupcake, I will tell you all the little secret.  (It only works if you are also following @spirit_fingers)Today an enchanting girl (the most enchanting of the five enchanting girls there) told me that I would be a fool to not get the pumpkin cupcake with cinnamon cream cheese icing.  I love pumpkin more than pretty much anything but goddamn is their red velvet cupcake (cream cheese icing) good.  So i didn't know which to get (at this point didn't realize the red velvet was a door prize) and finally settled on the pumpkin (mainly because of her brown eyes).  (not really.  food before hoes, or whatever the saying is)as I unwrapped the pumpkin cupcake, I felt the surge of anticipation familiar to teenagers everywhere.  every scent struck me where it counts.  every soft, moist hunk of delightfulness made me weak.I'm mixing my metaphors and it's confusing me.The pumpkin, anyway, was ridiculous.  So fucking good.  You owe it to the fat person in you to go there and get some cupcakes, stat.
5	As far as cupcakes go, this place is great! Yea, yea, yea I know it's expensive, get over it! One cupcake is like a full dessert and you know it's expensive going in so stop complaining. Alright, that's off my chest now...The red velvet cupcake is amazing, the frosting is unreal. I also like the banana, the muffin part tastes like really good banana bread. I also enjoy the peanut butter chocolate, carrot, black & white, pumpkin and milk chocolate. There are a couple I don't love like lemon and chocolate marshmallow. Overall the really good ones are excellent, great for birthdays and other special occasions that give you an excuse to go here.
4	The best cupcake I ever had. Which means, based on my experience with cupcakes, Sprinkles Red Velvet is officially better than:- Cupcakes purchased at several bake sales between 3rd and 5th grade - Cupcakes my boss sometimes brings in from his wife- St Patrick's Day cupcakes I once bought at Fry's on March 18th because they were 50% off.So maybe I'm not the cupcake connoisseur I'd like to be, but that was  a damn good cupcake.  A little heavy on the icing, but the cake was perfectly moist and delicious. At $3.50 a pop, I suppose the prices could be lower, but the cupcake didn't disappoint so I can't be too angry about the $1-$2 upcharge from the Church Bake Sale down the street. Or Fry's on March 18th.
5	I am updating because I have since tried like 4 other cupcakes. I have begun to follow them on Twitter and as Richard Z has pointed out, they give away free ones every day. -The Pumpkin with Cinnamon Cream Cheese frosting. Could be their best one. - The Banana with Cream Cheese frosting. DIVINE!!! - The Banana with Milk Chocolate frosting. Great, but not as good as the above. Although the girl that helped me, looked like an angel. - The Peanut Butter Chip with Chocolate frosting. This was great too, but heard the Peanut Butter Chocolate is better. This place is getting me fat.
5	I'm getting a little pissed off here.  I'll tell you why: because Sprinkles is a really good cupcake place, and there are so many crappy reviews.  I have divided them into two categories:1) bad experiences.  I will never begrudge someone who gets a just plain crappy X to bash the restaurant that sells Xs.  Because consistency is key and that's important.  I do, as a general rule, believe in second chances, though.  Karma, people.2)you're stuck up, and because someone said Sprinkles was amazing you're looking to be whisked off to some happy place with bikini-clad waitresses serving pitchers of beer and little people riding around on toy horses.  So because you're joyless, you bash sprinkles, as if it's their fault you're incapable of enjoying yourself.Well it isn't.  I am a food snob and I am going to tell you that it isn't the best food I've ever had in the whole world ever, but shit.  is that what it takes to give a place above three stars?  no.  I have now had the red velvet, banana with vanilla frosting, pumpkin, peanut butter chip, and key lime cupcakes, and they were all sublime (except key lime which I don't like in the first place but hey! it was free. what can I say).  So I think it's fair to say that the place is pretty f*ing good and I can promise you that if you don't like it, you are culpable in some way.So fix whatever is wrong with you and go to Sprinkles, then give it the 4*-5 stars it deserves.*Some people have this theory that there is "no such thing" as perfection in the real world, so they never give out 5/5 stars.  You will notice middle managers who subscribe to this theory, because, as a general rule, they're miserable motherfuckers.  Well that's a stupid reason to not give something a perfect score, just fyi, and if you are one of those people I suggest you get a clue and adjust your paradigm.  But if you insist on living your life that way then you may indeed give Sprinkles four stars.
4	I think I have diabetes now..but it was a darn good Red Velvet cupcake...my teeth hurt.  The store is small, but they make up for it by getting you through the line and out in no time.  I just hate those groups of kids...why can't they call ahead of time and say 'hey, we're gonna butt rape you out of your cupcakes at 2pm today" ?? The people behind them have to watch the cupcake they wanted get taken...12 times.  4 stars cause I'll go back and endure the same pain...just for a darn cupcake.  Side note: didn't know if I was supposed to eat the decorations... I sucked and licked and chewed...but It had to flavor and it hurt my teach to bit it.  I guess it's candy...thats damn hard candy lol. I'll pass on trying to consume the decor again.
4	Okay best marketing tactic ever! They twitter a word to 'whisper' and  the first of 50 people to whisper that word get their cupcake of the day. GENIUS! As tempting as it may be to go daily, but they have had some amazing concoctions to choose from. I generally have to share, bc I'm not a huge icing fan- but if you have the opportunity to have their 'Elvis' cupcake (banana cupcake w/peanut butter frosting), it's a must! The classic fave is their Red Velvet Cupcake though, can't go wrong.
4	They get 3 stars for me for the tasty treats and 1 more for being so charitable. For my 10 yr business anniversary we did a big hair donation to Locks of Love (11 ponytails). Sprinkles helped out by donating over $400 worth of cupcakes for our event without batting an eyelid. I hadn't tasted them before, found them at the SGK fundraiser and gave them a call. They were the easiest to work with too!I'll tell you when i had the carrot cake i went straight to heaven! The cupcake was devine. The creamcheese  was perfect, not to sweet or to bland. The Black and White had a moist cake, but i took off the frosting (not sure what it was made of). I am still trying to get into the shop on a banana cupcake day. My only complaint is that i visited the shop the day after my birthday, because were staying across the street at the W Hotel, and we arrived on the wrong day! No banana cupcakes available. They only have certain flavors available certain days boo hoo! If only there were one in Phx. One thing to note, when visiting you will not see many beverages pushed in your face, instead they are on the down low. Yes you can order coffee, tea or milk too you just have to ask. Bri said they need to expand the coffee menu and make the drinks more available, but i was good with milk.
3	This place isn't awful but I don't think it's worth standing in line for either. I like the cake and the frosting, they are delicious but they're not "cravings" worthy. I had the vanilla hazelnut and you couldn't even taste the hazelnut?? It tastied like whipped milk chocolate which is fantastic if that's what i wanted. When i hear hazelnut is in a frosting.. i expect more of a nutella flavor explosion.  Im not saying I wouldn't return but I wouldn't go out of my way.
5	Holy delicious cupcake Batman!Okay, I haven't actually BEEN to their location, but today, my new office neighbors were gracious enough to deliver 2 dozen of these scrumptious little treats to say hello.. WELL HELL-OFREAKINO!  I'm not sure i've encountered a better cupcake (NOT EVEN AT THE INFAMOUS MAGNOLIA BAKERY IN MANHATTAN)! Their was a mix of about 5 different flavors, I consumed 2, within 2 minutes.. Red Velvet, which was absolutely heavenly & Chocolate Marshmallow, I will admit the chocolate was a little rich, but anything filled with marshmallow fluff is A-OK in my book! I think I have diabetes now, sorry Wilford Brimley.Their marketing dept is on the ball with their daily whispers on twitter too, seriously genius! It is taking everything I have in my body and soul not to sprint into the kitchen to try the vanilla that is SCREAMING my name.
2	Went in to this place with great expectations and without even bothering to recognize that I was spending a ridiculous amount of money on a cupcake... because it was going to be SOO worth it.. egh. My fiancee and I each got one and the little ones shared a cupcake. We all had to scrape off most of the frosting.. why do all these places feel the need to put more frosting than cake? Is that how they justify the price? After all of the frosting consumption I could hardly even delve in to the cupcake. A lot of cupcake gold was thrown in to the trash can that day. Maybe I just needed a glass of milk? I don't know, but if American's are in to this than I no longer question why we are such a "large" country, if you know what I mean... Next time I'll indulge in the cupcakes at Copperstar.. which are amazing.
2	Everyone raves about this place and yet I am still trying to figure out why? No offense but they really do put on way too much frosting on their cupcakes and my mom makes way better cupcakes. Don't get me wrong, for those of you that love this place, by all means enjoy, plus they are very charitable, however these cupcakes just are not on my top fav list.
2	An update: I've returned to Sprinkles a few more times expecting them to magically get better...Not so much.I've had the opportunity to try a few fruit flavors since I've been able to get up to Scottsdale in the middle of the day. The Strawberry Cupcake? Meh. Not so hot. Very light on the fruitiness, almost like an afterthought. The Orange Cupcake? A little better, more like a creamsicle cupcake with all the vanilla going on.The Chocolate Marshmallow is a different story. This is probably my favorite cupcake out of them all (Thanks to the injection of marshmallow cream in the center! Helps with the dryness of the cake...), but only one variety out of the 20-odd they serve that I truly like? Not worth it at all.Again, I like my scratch cupcakes better, even my sister's gussied up box mix cupcakes are better than these.
3	I'M SURPRISED MY TEETH DIDN'T FALL OUT! HOLY CRAP!Pros:-I'm not a cupcake fan but if you've got a sweet tooth, this might just be your fix.-They have a variety of cupcakes bigger than normal market size. I would say palm size. -The cupcake flavors rotate depending on the days. -The cupcake is dense! Cons:-Way too sweet for me!!!-$3.25 for one cupcake. Ouch. -The line was crazy! CRAZY women fighting over cupcake flavors and would groan when one flavor would run out. Wow!First and last time for me. =(
3	I have the same issue with Sprinkles as I do with many other cupcake places: crappy frosting.  I am a fan of the european buttercream rather than the gross american style butter/powdered sugar mess.  It's too sweet and too heavy.That being said--the cakes themselves are great. and buttery.  Not too sweet & buttery delicious.  If the frosting were better, I would definitely be a fan.
3	I agree with other reviews.  You need a sweet tooth to eat here.  I tried 4 flavors.Red Velvet with Cream Cheese Frosting-Had better! too sweet and cake a little dryPeanut Butter Chocolate with milk chocolate cream cheese frosting-if you like Reeses Peanut butter cupsBelgian Dark Chocolate with bittersweet chocolate frosting-yumCoconut-vanilla cake with coconut cream cheese frostingRed Velvet is my favorite cupcake but not here.  I loved the Belgian Dark Chocolate, pretty amazing actually. Beautifully decorated little cakes, great for gifts and very cute little shop.  Check them out on facebook for the secret word of the day for a free cupcake to find that flavor  that suits your sugar need.  This place actually sells icing shots.  Don't know how anyone could eat one of those, I had to scrape half the icing off most of the cakes.Finally the parking situation is awful.  You park on an incline and when you back out of the tiny space your going to scrape the bottom of your car.  Needs new parking and needs to lighten up on the sugar.  Will go back for another Dark Chocolate.
5	Highly delicious cupcakes- ordered the coconut and the red velvet which were both very good.  I think the frosting to cupcake ratio is right on par and the frosting isn't overly sugary (for my taste at least).  The husband was freaked out by the wooden forks though "they taste like a tongue depressor."
3	If my best friend were writing this, Sprinkles would get 5 stars.  He indulges his craving for cupcakes so often that they now give him free ones.  Seriously, he has a problem.  Just last Friday before he met me for happy hour he called to ask if I wanted a cupcake because he was making a quick stop at Sprinkles.  I told him to never ask me that again.  I don't need to eat a cupcake before I partake in half price drinks and appetizers... some people, me, don't have your metabolism.  Anyway, I found Sprinkles to be average.  Honestly, I like the confetti cake mix from the grocery store better.  I'd rather drive up to Fry's, pick me up some Betty Crocker Confetti Fun Mix and canned cream cheese frosting.  The only problem with that is I end up with 20 cupcakes and just me to eat them.  Soooo, Sprinkles it is. I have to add that I googled confetti cake for fun and the image that popped up reminded me of the Jack Sprat nursery rhyme. You know... Jack Sprat could eat no fatHis wife could eat no leanIt was a picture of a bride and groom getting ready to cut the cake.  The Bride was shockingly large compared to the groom.  It made me never want to bake confetti cupcakes again.Back to Sprinkles.  My friend always gets the plain vanilla cupcake.  He NEVER deviates.  I enjoyed the red velvet and the chocolate (chocolate was the most moist, just in case you were wondering), but found the vanilla to be a bit dry.  If you go, go with a friend, that way you can try different flavors if you end up not being wowed by your selection.
2	Too boring, frosting too sweet, store too small...Sprinkles lucked out on location, because I cannot see these mediocre cupcakes thriving anywhere else.I got a dark chocolate cupcake.  The cake was too try, the cupcake too sweet, and there was more frosting than cake.  Cupcake vote was out the window there, and isn't this the whole point?The store was TINY.  Once I got my cupcake there was nowhere to stand to eat it without getting in the way of people ordering, so why do they bother having cocktail tables in there if there is no space to stand around them?I will say the decor is cute.I am off to find a better cupcake today.
2	You would think with the economy being what it is today, it would be easy for any establishment to hire semi-intelligent people to run the register. I went into sprinkles to taste some of their fall specials and I walked into a scene that was beyond depressing. My first experience with Sprinkles is when I lived in LA. You couldn't get a cupcake without waiting in line at least 30 minutes. Scottsdale, you have 4 perky girls greeting you, with their cupcake themed baby tees the minute you walk through the door. The trays were empty and the selection was bare at best. I ordered 4 cupcakes. NOT rocket science. 1-2-3-4 There was one other woman waiting for a large order, a couple dozen at least. The dingbat ringing us up tried to charge me over $80 for 4 cupcakes!! Whoa! "Are you sure those are mine?" Her response was "is your name Susan?" No it is not. She gives me a blank look like she saw a ghost. So this is uncomfortable. I kindly nudged her by saying "I think my total should be in the $13 range, I only got 4 cupcakes. " "The tag says you got 4 dozen." (i can't remember the exact qty) Now Red Velvet (remember the themed shirts?) is testing my patience. Is that still Susan's order? Oh duh! Now we get it! After all that I get the cupcakes home, and they are dryer than a popcorn fart. Disappointing.
5	Love the sweet treat that is a Sprinkles cupcake. So much joy wrapped up in a delicious handful of cake and frosting goodness.I have had several of their flavors with my favorites being red velvet, strawberry, dark chocolate and chocolate vanilla. I'm not a big fan of frosting, I always like the cake part better and there is a lot of frosting on these cupcakes. I do like the flavors in their frosting but it can be a little too much at times. The dry mixes that they sell in the store (and at Williams-Sonoma) are a great way to make your own cupcakes at home. They taste very close to the in-store version and you can control how big or small you make the cupcakes. At least the red velvet mix was good, I haven't tried any others.Sprinkles makes me smile. It's a little joy that's worth the $3.00 every time.
3	I liked the design of this small, all-glass little cube just off of Scottsdale road. The business cards are adorable, as are the menu cards that show you what today's cupcakes are, the little color coded dots atop each cupcake, (yes, you CAN eat them!) and the little boxes they pack the treats in. The staff was very friendly and warm. We were standing in there, quietly gawking at the display case when another customer stumbled in, all sorts of frazzled: "I NEED A DOZEN!" The staff addressed her while one came over to my friend and I and waited on us personally. It was nice to see that sort of service. About the cupcakes, I for one don't really have a sweet tooth. I'll take a stiff cocktail over a mound of chocolatey goo any day of the week, but judging both from the other reviews and all the hype surrounding this place, I can see that these adorable little cakes are taken very seriously. I don't really get it. They're cupcakes... Sure, they're good. But I fully admit to not knowing the difference between a "mediocre" one and an amazing one. I decided on the chocolate marshmallow cupcake, and my friend got the red velvet. It was good... Sort of like a glorified Hostess ding dong. (Do they still make those?) The infamous red velvet was sweet sweet sweet. I liked the service and the cupcakes, but I seemed to be more concerned about the business cards and design aesthetic. Maybe I'm just the cupcake type. But put one of those cute little things in front of me and I will not say no.
5	sprinkles, sprinkles, five little starsis how we rate your cakes so farwe have only tried a fewyum! is what we say to yousprinkles, sprinkles, deduct one starall the kids' crumbs in our cartore open the box and ateyour delish eggnog cupcakessprinkles, sprinkles, cupcake czarssweetest cakes we've had by faryour rv is off the chartthe black and white, out of the parksprinkles, sprinkles, five little starscan't fault you for our 'crumby' car-a collaboration with my daughter. much better when she sings it. trust me.
4	I never thought I would become one, but alas...I have become one: a Sprinkles fan.  What the heck.  Before ever setting foot in a Sprinkles store, I had this image that it was for rich Beverly Hills types who had all the money in the world to spend on ridiculous things like cupcakes, but after actually going to Sprinkles (again and again), this place grows on you (or you on it), and you discover that its sweet cupcake love is available to all.I'm not gonna lie.  First time I tried it, I was like, What's the big deal?  It's good, but it's not great.  And then, after a week or so, I was like, I want to go again and try a different cupcake.  So I go, I try, I like, and then, another week goes by, and I somehow find myself back in line at Sprinkles, eyeing the day's cupcake flavors and trying to make a decision.  It's a sick, somewhat pricey ($3.51 for one cupcake), fatty cycle, but I wouldn't have it any other way.  Also, Sprinkles does great things occasionally, so be on the lookout at their website or on azcentral.com.  This past weekend, they were doing a charity event where all red velvet cupcake proceeds went to Haiti relief (no guilt!), and the weekend before then, they were giving away free red velvet cupcakes if you wore an AZ Cardinal t-shirt or hat.  Great cupcakes + great ideas = bliss.PS: Give the banana cupcake more love.  If you like bananas, you will NOT be disappointed by the banana cupcake.  It will treat you right.  I highly recommend it.
2	this is a tough one.  i am not a sweets person.  but i did go in because its sprinkles and people made such a big deal about it.  my first question to the employee behind the counter was "  what makes your cupcakes so special? "  she had no answer.  after a few grunts and huffs and puffs she said they were made daily.  to me that does not justify a 5 dollar cupcake.  had she said organic ingredients or any answer with some confidence i might have a different feeling.  i guess with the building rent you have to raise the price.  so yea the food.  it was mediocre at best.  its just a cupcake people.
2	meh......what to say? its a chain, they all pretty much taste the same (flavors vary of course) But I can say, they do need a drive-thru.  It wasn't as fresh as expected when I got it, although its my friend's fav place... sorry! haha
2	Oprah gave this one of her favorite marks? Really?! I mean REALLY?!? Oprah never stirrers me wrong. Well, I went to Sprinkles. Oprah did give it to her AUDIENCE (that was suppose to be said like she says it, I guess it doesn't translate into writing. Just looks like I have a volume control problem). Back to sprinkles. When they first opened (yeah I know this review is long over do, don't judge), they sent my work a box of cup cakes to try out so we would recommend them to our guests. I tried a bite of the red velvet, lemon, vanilla, and chocolate. This is what I tasted: dry, over powering flavor with the lemon, bland on the other flavors, and frosting is WAY too sweet. No flippin way am I going back. Well, they got me. I went back on a sugar attack and needing my fix. I busted into that place like a crack addict. I went for the red velvet again. I thought they might have worked out the kinks and it should be better this time. I mean Oprah did recommend it! Well as it turns out, there were no kinks...that was just sprinkles. Bland, dry and frosting that is too sugary. I think I'll go to a less expense place when I need a sugar fix. Sorry Oprah, you lost me with Sprinkles.
4	Greg M. brought me and my daughter, who are both gluten free, some gluten free royal velvet cupcakes as a surprise. I was amazingly happy after devouring one and the frosting was DELISH!Can't vouch for the rest of the items here, but I'm sure they're just as good, if not better. Thanks Greg!
2	Personally, I think this place is more hype than anything... I've been here about three times to try different flavors. Let's see - red velvet, chocolate marshmallow, and carrot... all of them were just "meh" to me. I like how the place looks and how the cupcakes were displayed, also the dog cookies were cute. I probably liked the packaging more than anything.
3	I've given it a few tries, and honestly, unless something changes, I won't be going back.  I always leave there frustrated and grumpy, something that eating cupcakes should NEVER do to you!Firstly, their parking lot is crazy. CRAZY like a loon. It's poorly designed, accidents are just waiting to happen, and the closest spaces (which I use, as I have arthritis) tend to try and tear the front bumper off my car...unless I park further back, and then will be hit by anyone entering.The line is usually a bit out of control; I've been there both during a week day early afternoon and after work around 5:30.  Fine. I can handle a line for good cupcakes and good service.The three times I have been there, I have have incredibly rude associates.  I don't if it's because I don't look rich/yuppie/Scottsdale enough, but they're seemingly nice to the people in front and behind me, but not to me.They never have the flavors I want, even if I follow this little sheet o' flavor days. I like the unique-r of the flavors; lemon coconut, pumpkin, chai, etc.  I would plan my week around this damn flavor sheet, and then they'd be out.And now, the cupcakes. I've had cupcakes at probably more than 25 bakeries in at least 10 states.  I like cupcakes, A LOT. These? Not worth the ridiculous hassle and $3.50 each. The cake always seems a little too dry, and the last cupcake I got (lemon), the icing was so sickly sweet it made my jaw clench.Oh yeah, they DO take American Express, but can't be troubled to take discover.All in all, the cupcakes are OK. Not bad, but they're certainly not mind blowing, and between the parking lot, the prices and the staff, they'd have to be a lot tastier to earn back my business.
4	Went to Sprinkles one day after buying a new car. Was worried about parking because I had read reviews, so I parked in the back of the lot where there was plenty of parking. My family of 3 got 1/2 dz. I'm partial to the black and white and never stray. The rest of the family got the red-velvet, pumpkin, and vanilla. Then we sat in the parking lot and watched the joggers go by on the canal while we pigged out on Sprinkles. We ended up taking 3 extras home, they definitely aren't as good the next day, but they warn you about that. Their packaging is part of the allure, and they have the cutest little wooden forks so you can eat your cupcake right away without making too much of a mess. This is a fun place to go with the family on a Saturday afternoon. Although it is crazy to see how bent up people get when the person in front of them takes the last of a specific flavor. I have even caught myself counting how many black and white cupcakes are left vs. people ahead of me. They are that good! These are great for b-day gifts, baby showers, etc. I have a friend who purchased Sprinkles Cupcakes as an "I'm Sorry" gift when she accidentally broke her best friends foot. Nothing says I'm sorry like fattening deliciousness.
5	One word. STRAWBERRY!! I am addicted to them (but will never go to rehab) and can't wait for my next fix. Sometimes the frosting is a bit thick and I think I might go into sugar shock. I've tried coconut , yummy. Red velvet... blah. Overrated. Lemon, decent. But please, if Malibu Rum Barbie is saying try the Strawberry sensation, do it!!As for parking, that's on the developer of that particular development. They had a triangular corner to work with and made the best of it. I enter through the light and park around back. My thighs appreciate the extra steps so I can indulge more often in the ritual which is Sprinkles.
3	Well i have to say sprinkles has an elaborate layout for just selling cupcakes. The parking is ridiculous for a place as popular as this place is. There is parking in the rear of the strip mall area where it is located but parking should not be an issue to buy cupcakes. Speaking of the cupcakes...at 3.25 a pop i have definitely had better..in fact the Red Velvet cupcakes i can make better myself. Now don't get me wrong the cupcakes are good and i would highly recommend the Banana Cupcakes which are made on Monday's, Thursday's, and Saturday but other than that they are just average Cupcakes.
5	I'm giving this 5 stars only because I have yet to find anything better in the east side area. I have tried cupcake, lulu's, etc but this has yet to let me down. Partially because I'm a choco-holic!! And they carry the dark chocolate cupcakes everyday!! I personally have never had a problem with them being dry. There is a lot of frosting but lets me honest, you don't have to eat it all (better than there not being enough)! I definitely only recommend getting what you will eat that day because yes they are a little dry and harder the following morning! But they aren't filled with rubber crap like they do at grocery stores so they aren't meant to keep! I find it best to go there as an early date, like after lunch treat and hopefully find something to split, makes it easier on the wallet and the thighs! Getting to it can be done by walking there from the Scottsdale Fashion Square mall or can be entered if you are driving North up Scottsdale Rd best. There are other ways but I won't go into that. There is a lot of parking in the back area, don't waste your time parking up front because it is kind of troublesome, don't make a $3 cupcake cost you a deductible for your car as well.
3	I stopped by here last Sunday afternoon and picked up a dark chocolate and a coconut cupcake.  The dark chocolate wasn't bad but tasted just a little off.  The coconut cupcake however was awesome, I LOVED the frosting on it.  You certainly don't have to worry about these cupcakes being dry - they were so oily they could soak through several sheets of napkins.  If I lived in the area I'd probably visit this place a few more times.
4	When Sprinkles first opened, I tried them, and just didn't get all the fuss!?!?  Fast forward to last month, and well, I am a Sprinkles lover! Maybe I just got a bad one the first time, dry cake....too sweet frosting, maybe it was the flavor...red velvet...usually my favorite, but whatever it was, I was not impressed.  But I have been more than impressed by the simple chocolate with vanilla frosting...moist cake, just the right amount of frosting...always perfect!  The prefect accompaniment to a cold glass of milk!  I will say that I do think they are quite on the pricey side, not so much if just getting one for yourself, but I placed an order for 100 cupcakes about a month ago...and no bulk discount...it was $330...so I am glad that I wasn't paying that bill!Another bonus is that Sprinkles is next to Yogurtland if you are in the mood to really indulge!
3	Can we say H-Y-P-E?  Not hype in the good way, but this place is not all that impressive.  So, I recently moved from Chicago, and there are some pretty amazing bakeries there.  I've basically been in cupcake withdrawal since November, so with the general consensus saying that Sprinkles was the spot...I figured why not drive to Scottsdale and try it. First and foremost, the catty service has to go.  I understand that  the employees may work/live in Scottsdale and think it gives them some elite status, but the eye rolls weren't welcoming.  The women had a chip on their shoulder and couldn't answer a simple question without acting like I had disturbed their day.  I decided to move past the subpar service and focus on the prize, cupcakes.  I chose the black & white and a red velvet to take home.  Honestly, it scared me that the people had to go to the back to get me my cupcakes instead of pulling them from the display case.  It felt like I was at Finish Line, and they had to go pull stock from the back.  I could understand that whole concept a lot better if they had just ran out of what I ordered, but there was seriously a dozen of each out in front.  Why not grab those and sell them to your patrons?Anyways, I felt that the buttercream on the red velvet was mediocre.  It tasted more like vanilla than cream cheese.  A disappointment to say the least.  I'm a huge fan of red velvet, and the frosting can make or break the experience.  The black & white was far better.  Dark chocolate cake with vanilla buttercream and dark chocolate shavings, but I wasn't blown away.As far as the pricing is concerned, $7.00 for 2 cupcakes of this caliber is a little extreme.  I understand that stars frequent the Sprinkles shop in Beverly Hills, and that the stores are placed in affluent neighborhoods because of their celebrity allure, but ugh.  I thought that was a little bit of an overkill.  I don't think that I will be returning, even if I'm desperate for my cupcake fix.
4	incredible store design and branding/ packaging!The cupcakes are great and the concept with the color /dot coding them is cute too! A little pricy but I get that it's also a trendy place.I really liked my cupcake here, could have had a tad more frosting/ cake ratio. It was simple and tasty! I bought a small box to give as a gift to the host that I stayed with and she was so thrilled also!
4	My daughter when home from private school, adores a cupcake.. So, going against the grain of sugar filled child behavior.. I gave in & crossed the street for a bit of butter, cream and all things sugar. Let me just say, the girls working there deserve at least a dozen each day free.. they are sweet as the sweetest cupcake in the case & they seem to put up with Scottsdales, uh hmm.. finest , discerning types.. My Alexa opted for the chocolate coconut, we also got a vanilla, vanilla & a strawberry.. sooo good.. and sooo sweet.. Its cutesy, a bit pricey.. but worth all the calories and sugar!
3	I'm not a woman and I don't read People magazines at the gym so I'm not sure I'm really the qualified demo for this place. Nonetheless, in spite of all the hype and hyperbole, it's a good cupcake.  When the Olive Oil Vanilla Cupcakes from the Olive Oil mill are too far away, this becomes the cupcake backup.  Especially the vanilla.I'd give this place a better review but I don't because I consider the cupcake to be the "Rodney Dangerfield" of desserts.  Too many far better post meal options come to mind before I'd waste my valuable calorie allotment on a cupcake.
4	I can only think of one negative thing about Sprinkles- We don't have one in Chicago! I'm gonna hold the last star hostage until you move here!
4	I would consider Sprinkles to be like the Starbucks of cupcakes, meaning there may be better cupcakes out there, but these people do a good job with delivering a product and an image that people like, myself included.The cupcakes are good -- cute, even -- and presented well. The store itself is pretty adorable, too, as is the rest of the branding and packaging and such. They have a very good selection of flavors and icings, with more than a dozen to choose from on most days. However, the variety is somewhat ... "vanilla," as it seems to be standards-only -- chocolate/coconut, red velvet/vanilla, cinnamon sugar, strawberry, lemon, mocha, etc.Sprinkles cupcakes cost a little more -- $3.25/each -- than maybe most people are used to paying, but that's because patrons are paying for the brand/name/image and the assurance that they'll get a well-made cupcake with every order. Think of the $3.25 as insurance.
3	I will preface this review by stating that I am not a cupcake neophyte. Based on my experience at cupcake emporia,mostly on the east coast, the Scottsdale Sprinkles is a solid spot for designer yupcakes (yuppie+cupcakes) that are suitable not only as an occasional indulgence, but also to bring to a dinner party as a treat for the hostess who has everything. The flavors are inventive, though many of the choices seemed to be out of stock. One thing that I wasn't counting on is that all of the cupcakes were full-size. It would have been nice to have minis available, so that patrons could sample more of the flavors. The inventive flavors, along with the packaging and cute wooden utensils, more than made up for this lapse of judgment.
3	04/06/10Love the cupcakes!  I don't love the price :(  Of the dozen I chose, my faves were the Strawberry Creme, Coconut, Red Velvet, Dark Dark Chocolate (w/ and w/out sprinkles!), and the ultimate, Peanut Butter and Chocolate Chip!The strawberry tasted like real strawberries!  Not just strawberry flavor.  I could taste strawberries in the icing AND the cake.  Amazing!  The Red Velvet was just the best version of this variety I've ever tried... So moist...  Same goes w/ the Dark Dark Chocolate... the ultimate devil's food cupcake!  Wish I could have a spoonful of that dark chocolate ganache frosting right now!  As for the Coconut and the Peanut Butter Chocolate Chip, I'd cry if I had to choose only one...  The Coconut had such rich flavor of coconut in the frosting, and I really enjoyed the fresh-tasting and non-greasy feel of the coconut flakes that topped the lemon-scented vanilla cake below.  Mmm!!  The best, for me, though were the Peanut Butter Chocolate Chip cupcakes!  The bakers at Sprinkles got the essence of peanut butter here exquisitely.  Combined w/ high-quality chocolate chips, I could not NOT eat just half of a cupcake, or even just ONE cupcake!  I don't know where I found the restraint to do so, but I was able to save the second piece for a rehash of all that peanutty-chocolate greatness fifteen minutes later :)  [Fifteen minutes, fifteen seconds; half of one, two quarters of another... LOL]Two stars docked for the high cost of each cupcake; how I was rushed to make my selections; and even with the specialized box packaging, some of the cakes jumbled around and their frostings' muddled and not picture-perfect.  A coworker had brought to work the day before what she claimed were homemade extra-large cupcakes in a box that was large and deep enough to securely house and present the cupcakes beautifully.  (I say "claimed" bec. I recognized the sugar dot candies that topped her XL cupcakes to be Sprinkles' logo. Now I know where she got them... they're leftovers from Sprinkles' cupcake mixes!  Now, I wonder where she procured that specially-designed box?  Maybe I should get her people and Sprinkles' to talk to each other...)  She even had silver and gold dusting on the frosting; None of the Sprinkles' selections I bought had glitter.  I feel that safe transport and great presentation from bakery to table should also be taken in account for what Sprinkles (and other gourmet bakeries) charge their customers to pay for their products.  Don't you?Loved the sweets, but I won't be paying for any of them again :(
4	Been to this location once and  the cupcakes were just as good as the Beverly Hills location, I had the Dark Chocolate Cupcake and it was yummy, that happens to be one of my favorite flavors, I was surprised to see how empty the shop was...
3	Let me start by saying I have had every flavor of cupcake they offer. My husband basically works right across the street and brings them home for me quite often. This was also before I was aware of Lulu's Cupcakes and Tammie Coe Cupcakes.   Sprinkles is good but they can be a tad rich. Sometimes giving me a stomach ache.   The flavors I have found to be the best are:   Peanut Butter Chip,  Strawberry, Vanilla,  and Chocolate Marshmallow.     The chocolate flavors,  other than Chocolate Marshmallow,  don't seem like they have any flavor at all, too rich and too bland.   Also the other fruit flavors, (orange, lemon, banana) don't have enough flavor for me either.   The strawberry is excellent, however.    I will still go to Sprinkles but not as often as I used to now that I have found other valley cupcake shops.
2	At Sprinkles they are all about clean, minimalistic design in their store, as well as on their cupcakes.  Nothing over-the-top, not too "girly," just an understated cupcake in a quietly upscale cupcake boutique.Like a classic BMW, it's not overtly flashy, it doesn't have gold rims or space-age lines, but it holds the expectation of luxury. This is what you're paying for--the image.Unfortunately, image is all your money buys you here. Judging by the amount of business they have, that is good enough for many. I tried several flavors, but never once felt like the calories were worth eating the whole thing.  The cakes themselves are dry and bland, crumbling and making quite a mess.  Topped with an inadequate amount of equally bland icings that had hardened into a shell on the outside (how long had these been sitting around? I tried them right outside the store!), many of them finished with an inedible circle of what may be candy.A luxurious cupcake this was not.  I felt duped, but I learned my lesson and I won't be making the same mistake again.  Cupcakes are meant to be ingested, not flaunted.
4	Usually I don't like store-bought cupcakes. I'm a fairly decent baker (okay, I'm good), and my cupcakes are yummy. I make everything from scratch, so I am a tough judge of baked items--especially something as simple to make as cupcakes. Sprinkles, however, is a cut above the rest.I thought of Sprinkles on my first visit because they have daily words patrons can whisper to get a free cupcake. I was in the area, so I stopped in and whispered the phrase to receive my complimentary red velvet. The sales associate was wonderful, telling me all about the available choices. She even gave me a postcard with all of the flavors so I could plan my next visit. I'm looking forward to peanut butter chocolate day!I make really great red velvet cupcakes, but this one was just as good! The cream cheese icing was rich and creamy, and the cupcake tasted fresh and crumbly, just like homemade. I was a little disappointed that I didn't take more time to savor it because it was a fiesta for my tastebuds.At $3.25 each, I won't be frequenting Sprinkles, but it's worth a trip from time to time--especially when I don't feel like baking.
4	Went yesterday with a girlfriend... got 4 different cupcakes.  Yummy!  I highly recommend the chocolate marshmallow :)
4	My reason for going into sprinkles was to get an "I'm sorry"  gift for my hairstylist that the previous week, since being new to the AZ area, I got lost and was an hour late to my appointment thus missing it and wasting her time. The parking in the front is tricky to say the least. You'll be fine as long as you take the speed bump like thing in front of each parking spot slowly. It is also a tight squeeze between the sprinkles and yogurt land building but its not as atrocious as everyone else makes it out to be. The design is very esthetically pleasing everything is very geometric with circles and squares. The staff are fake nice, at least that's how they came off to me and were a little ditsy but they did their job fine. When you go in just realize you will have to stand in two lines, one to order your cupcakes then you have to stand in the line right next to it to receive them and pay for your order. Apparently this was too much for the couple behind me to comprehend since they blatantly cut in front of me and the lady ahead of me. That woman of the pair did not look like she needed those cupcakes anyway but who am I to judge. I was appreciative the girl at the counter told them they had step aside and wait since their order wasn't ready. The presentation is very nice, the box fits the cupcakes in nicely without them getting maimed in any way and the cupcakes themselves are artsy all by themselves. The types of cupcakes I bought were the chai latte, black and white, coconut lemon and red velvet. The red velvet was the most pleasing to the group it was presented to.  They were stoked to get sprinkles and it made everyone's day. I didn't actually taste the cupcakes since I don't eat a lot of sweets but I'll give them 4 stars for creativity.
5	These cupcakes really are the best desserts you can get without heading to a sit-down restaurant.  If this is your first time here, get the Red Velvet as it's the cupcake the store is famous for, and of the six flavors I've tried, it's my favorite.  Every one of my friends that I tell about this place gets hooked on them after their first visit.
4	Love Sprinkles cupcakes, they are super yummy! But I wouldnt make the trek out to Scottsdale for a damn cupcake but I love their red velet and Peanut butter chip cupcake. They are expensive and you ae only paying for the name but at least they are still good.
4	Delicious. With me, i'm all about frosting.  And Sprinkles delivers! Big, thick layer of frosting on every cupcake. I recently had the Mocha, dark choc cupcake with mocha frosting. Wow... It was so rich i had to take a break of about 5 min before i could finish it. I'm a big fan of the vanilla and banana. You just can't go wrong with cream cheese frosting, right?  OH!  And the best thing of all... You can get a "shot" of frosting!  Yep... A 1oz dixie cup piled high with a flavor of your choice for 75cents.  I usually eat my frosting shot in the store while waiting for my cupcake order.   ;-)  It's pricey, but its not an everyday thing... Its a treat and a good one!
5	The vanilla cupcake---heaven in Scottsdale.  Hallelujah! There is a god.
4	Literally the best cupcakes I've ever had in my life.I'm addicted to their red velvet cupcakes and their black and white is so amazing.Mmmmm4 stars because customer service could be a tad better.
4	Sprinkles makes a damn fine cupcake. They are an indulgence, and something you should probably only take on once every couple of months, but their frosting is absolutely incredible and the cake is usually paired quite well with it.My initial impressions, way back when, were that the cake was a bit dry. I learned that by ensuring you have some of the ample amount of frosting smashed in with every bite, there's a perfect balance that really works.The cake is flavorful and tastes pure and clean. Not laced with filler or with that weird chemical flavor that accompanies any store-bought cupcakes, and not cooked into oblivion, I find them to be delicious.My absolute favorite is Orange but they only sell it on Tuesdays for reasons passing understanding. The frosting is simple, pure, and delicious, and just the right consistency. I've not had the "hardened" experience of other reviewers at all, but I practice safe cupcaking. (Plastic bag around the box when I bring it home, etc.)I usually flip mine upside down onto a plate and dig the fork straight through to ensure the proper frosting ratio--but I'm a professional. I've had to stop receiving their Twitter device updates because the free cupcake-a-day siren call was too much for me. (And my heart.)That said, Sprinkles is expensive. $3.25 for a cupcake is definitely an indulgence, but you truly get what you pay for and this is a fantastic dessert for one.
4	Vegan red velvet.(note: why do these cost more dollars than any cupcake in New York?)
2	Nothing special!
4	Sprinkles is great at what it is--an upscale, chain, cupcake shop. 3 1/2 stars is more accurate, but they are more good than bad. I've had better cupcakes at local spots, for lower prices, but Sprinkles is pretty solid. The good thing is they get so much traffic, that the cupcakes are always fresh, something not all bakeries can achieve. Their variety of flavors is decent and their red velvet, the standard by which all cupcakes should be judged, was above par. Yeah they are overpriced for a smaller-than-average cupcake, but you are at a trendy dessert shop in Scottsdale, from a Cupcake place that originated in L.A., adjust your expectations.
3	Somehow while attempting to write an update to my original incredibly witty Sprinkles review, I edited the original review in error, resulting in the loss of my original incredibly witty review, worthy of many UFC's.  Now my 18 fans are stuck with my incredibly less witty new review.Believe it or not, I actually had not been to Sprinkles in well over a year.  Unbelievable, I know, considering I live close by.  Maybe that says something.  Something along the lines of I'm not really anxious to pay more for a single cupcake than it costs me to make a dozen or two at home.  But what do you do when it's August and the thought of adding any more heat to the kitchen just won't do, and yet you really need a cupcake?  Well, you go stand in a line 12 deep to pay $14 for 4 cupcakes.I've been to Sprinkles maybe 4 times now, and they've been pretty consistent.  I do like their frosting, but I find the cake to be somewhat dry and flavorless IMO.  And I'm always surprised by the line here.  Are people that much in love with Sprinkles, or is it that most of the population is not able to read the directions on a Betty Crocker box?  I'm not saying Sprinkles is bad.  It certainly has its place in my life for a cupcake fix, particularly when I know if I make 12, I'll eat 12.  But I wouldn't go so far as to say I'm a fan.  Unless they lower their price to $1, then I'll be their biggest fan.
4	It's called 'Sprinkles' for cake's sake, what's not to like? I don't have much of a sweet tooth, but Sprinkles has become a go to spot when I'm in town because their sweet treats make the perfect gift for friends back in T-Town. Located in an area of Scottsdale that is really taking off, it's super easy to get to, and they have plenty of parking along the side of the building and in the back when the spots up front fill in. I'm always amazed at how friendly the staff is, and how well I'm treated when I'm buying fifteen cupcakes or just two. There could be a line out the door onto Scottsdale Road, and the folks behind the glass cupcake show-er-off-er (that's a technical pastry term) are always willing to walk me through the flavors for the day and tell me what's been the most popular. On the rare occasion that I feel like sinking my teeth into one of their delights, I go for the peanut butter chocolate. It doesn't seem as sweet as the rest, and has a killer peanut butter flavor that would make a jar of grape Smucker's swoon.
2	I will never understand the hype behind this place.It's another example of a spot were everyone tells you it's the best, but the truth is it's nothing spectacular.I actually find it ironic that the woman who founded this bakery chain always uses the phrase 'your cupcake underwhelmed me' on the Food Network Show "Cupcake Wars."  That's because it's the perfect way to describe her own cupcakes.  They're not bad, they're just not worth the high price you pay for them.I don't mind paying good money for good food (especially a good dessert).  But Sprinkles just doesn't do it for me.
4	I am in a semi-sugar coma while writing this review..... Heading back to work from an AJs salad bar lunch run, I mention to my 2 colleagues, "Wanna get a free Sprinkles cupcake?" They both say sure as we pass through the light at Camelback. The driver proceeds to make a U-turn (an illegal one at that) and we head back north up Scottsdale road. Providing there had been a cop witnessing the law being broken, that free cupcake wouldn't have been free after all. Now, I having only had Sprinkles (Red Velvet) once, my original opinion was unfavorable. I made the cardinal mistake of putting my purchased cupcake in the fridge. Big NO NO! After trying the dried out cupcake, I wondered why anyone would spend over $3.00 on a cupcake! With the whisper word in hand, I figured why not give them another try! Its FREE after all! So my coworkers and I head inside. The smell upon entry is heavenly. We say the magic word "90210" and get our free Vanilla cupcakes. After eating my cupcake, I have to say that the frosting was awesome! Almost a little too sweet for me, but the flavor was excellent! The cake however was a little off. It smelled and tasted of cornbread! I immediately start thinking about beans (my gram used to make cornbread and beans a lot when i was growing up, which I HATED!) and can not eat anymore. Even my coworkers said it had a cornbread taste to it. Very strange! I ate the "muffin top" and gave the rest of it away to a friend in another department who coincidentally does not like frosting. Worked out perfectly. Will I try Sprinkles again? Most likely. But only if I can get another one free. Hopefully they'll have a whisper word for the Cinnamon Sugar one, cause it looked awesome in the case! The guy at Sprinkles said it reminds him of a churro. Sounds good to me!! So 5 stars for FREE. 3 stars for the cake part tasting like cornbread. Averages out to 4. PS - I think I've met my sugar quota for the day. UGH
4	I am a huge fan of the invention called the cupcake, as my protruding tummy makes quite clear. Sprinkles is a snazzy little cupcake joint. It reminds me a lot of Kara's in Santana Row. Tons of flavors, milk, and they even have dog treats. You can also buy cupcake mix to make your own. Yum! We came in here because my friend is a fan of Sprinkles on Facebook and since we whispered the secret word we got our cupcakes for free. Unfortunately, now they have me hooked! Props to the fact that they literally come out from behind the counter to help you. The employees are super sweet (no pun intended) and seem to enjoy their jobs. I will be returning to get my sugar fix in the future.Oh the only con here is the parking. It isn't bad if you are the only one pulling into the lot but if there are several cars in there it gets tight really quick.
3	I've watched Sprinkles from the beginning of construction, it's a short walk from where I live. Stopped in twice, I'll put it in the "luxury" category, a FUN place. It's been interesting to watch their business grow and prosper. They've got a TERRIFIC location (across from the Scottsdale Fashion Square Mall). Their customer line is oftentimes standing out the door. THEIR CUPCAKES ARE TASTY !!
3	No thanks.Many years ago, Oprah plugged this place shamelessly...wonder how much she got paid.  So I had ordered some delivered for a friend who was in the hospital.  Nearly $70 later and a fully recovered friend, I never received a thank you for the dozen cupcakes I sent.  Recently I decided to try some myself.  The buggers look absolutely gorgeous and it's just so hard to choose.  After tasting six different flavors, I now understand why my friend never thanked me.  They just aren't that good.   I was going to give this place 2 stars, but on second thought, I remember Tammi Coe's cupcakes.  THOSE suck.  I'll bump Spinkles up to 3.
5	OMG what a cupcake!  It was a really great, fun and entertaining place to go.  The staff were super friendly and very very nice.  I know you're thinking, "it's just a freakin cupcake"...Not so...These cakes are amazing!  The flavors are not too over the top and the frosting is not too sweet.  I had the Belgian Chocolate and OHHHHHHHHH it was better than.....my sister had the strawberry cupcake and she couldn't get her face out of the wrapper.  My son had the chocolate, hazelnut and was moaning...a little disturbing, but I completely understood.  it's a bit of a drive for me, but I'll definately be back!
5	I hope my trainer doesn't see this...But I love sprinkles and I love all of the flavors that they have especially the dark chocolate and the red velvet.  I love them with a big glass of ice cold whole milk!  My dog even enjoys the pup cakes...twitter with them and get the password of the day and get a free one!  I love this place!
3	I was surprised to have Sprinkles for our company's town hall meeting. Since when we're ordering this expensive sweets? Love the cupcakes! Soft and rich icing. I was expecting a more creative presentation on the design, but it was simple and nothing fancy. And $3 for a cupcake? Please think twice.....
4	These were delicious cupcakes.  My fav was pumpkin, which I'm sure is a seasonal flavor, but I would eat it year round.  Yum.  A bit pricey, but beautiful presentation and delicious.
4	The first time I tried Sprinkles was in Los Angeles. It was crazy. The line was out the door (20 mins waiting time). I was telling Deb that for food that makes me wait it better be GOOD! LOL! Finally, we were inside I was very intoxicated by the smells and actually placing my eyes on the cupcakes. Got 4 of them: red velvet, back and white, vanilla milk chocolate, and coconut (I think). SO GOOD... I have been to the Scottsdale location several times and love that fact that I am not waiting 20 mins outside. Every time has been less than 10 mins... In and out with my sweets... Too bad, not in my hood but I whenever I am in Scottsdale... Hello Sprinkles...
3	I have been waiting to sample Sprinkles and write a review for a good while now.  The opportunity to indulge finally came my way, and I jumped on it.  I will preface my review by stating that I'm not a "dessert person."  I am a salt person.  And a liquor person. Fancy-schmancy desserts don't usually make me salivate, and it is never a challenge to pass on the dessert cart at a restaurant.  I wish I could tell you that this trait has been helpful to my waistband.  Alas, I use it as an excuse to pig out on whatever I have before dessert rolls around, and I'm no thinner than my friends who bury themselves in tiramisu or whatever. Okay, enough on that.I had the chance to sample two different cupcakes, and didn't get through all of either.  I preferred the Red Velvet with white frosting.For a cupcake so highly priced, I have several comments:1. Precious, adorable, perfectly crafted2. An absolute waste of packaging materials3. Ehhhh... cupcake was okay-to-good, totally huge, frosting was excellentWeighing all those things together, I'm a little baffled that people don't shut up about Sprinkles.  I certainly wouldn't be waiting in line on a hot Sunday afternoon to grab one.  However, if served to me again, I'll partake... if I'm not already busting out of my pants from whatever else I've eaten that day instead of sweets.
4	I'm not a huge sweets guy, but the pumpkin cup cake is what I would imagine Jesus would taste like if he came back as a dessert.
3	Coconut or Red Velvet ones - yum.  Carmel Apple - MEH.  Tasted gummy and nasty.  Chocolate Marshmallow - MEH.  Had a weird aftertaste.Fun to go to go - especially if you have a young one with you.  Cupcakes have not been "wow" to date and are very pricey, with over-packing to go for the Eco-conscious.  Line has been present each time, but moves quickly.  Staff is friendly.  Fun for once in a while, but not worth a special out of your way trip.Anyone been to somewhere else offering better cupcakes?  If so, please suggest!
3	LA was the first place I tried sprinkles..they were good but not OMG the best cupcakes I have had.Still I have to stop and give them a whirl anytime I am close by.Surprisingly the best flavor I have tried of theirs is their chai latte...yum.  I will have to watch their rotating schedule and pick some more up.
2	Meh. It's a cupcake. This was the first place I tried sprinkles..they were good but not OMG the best cupcakes I have had. I tried them in California and they were much better! The ones here are very dry! If I get Sprinkles it will have to be in California. I recommend "Nothing Bundt Cakes" Now that is a moist melt in your mouth OMG cake! lol I don't like waiting in the crazy lines for on "okay " Cup Cake! My dogs do love the doggie cup cakes that's a plus side! lol
4	My first Sprinkles experience was in Beverly Hills.  We wait 30 minutes outside before getting in.  I was happy that the wait wasn't long at all in Scottsdale.We don't have a Sprinkles in KC so of course that justified getting 4 cupcakes to share with two other friends.  We got the coconut, black & white, red velvet and peanut butter chips.  All of them were fantastic in their own ways.  Each was moist and rich in flavor.  I loved the dark chocolate cupcake in the B&W.  The peanut butter was subtle and not over power and the chocolate butter cream frosting really complimented the cupcake.  Each was rich and I couldn't finish it all.Unlike another reviewer, I had a great experience with the staff. One staff member answered all of my questions and gave good recommendations. Then the gal behind the register was friendly too. I have also tried the Red Velvet mix they sell and it turned out just as great as the ones from the shop.  It was very simple and a great way to share Sprinkles with my friends in KC. I certainly recommend it to impress any house guests and when you can't get out to the bakery.
4	Apple cinnamon cake with cream cheese frosting is like eating a piece of autumn! Get there. Get one. They'll be gone before long!
3	I really don't understand what the hype is. A cupcake seems like just a cupcake to me. And that includes this place. The waits can be long here, and I think the location is weird and parking can suck. We usually walk from Fashion Square over here. I'll only go here if out of town guests want to go. I wouldn't ever go here just any day to get a cupcake.
3	Sprinkles Cupcakes in Scottsdale offers an assortment of cute cupcakes. A box of their cupcakes make a nice gift.
1	Way too expensive! Almost $3.50 for a tiny little cupcake. The vanilla has a strange flavor to it, and the chocolate isn't very good.Sorry, I'm not a fan. I'll stick to my local favorite, SUGARLIPS bakery.
3	I'd like to give a 3.5 star rating!  I loved the strawberry cupcake, but the red velvet was just okay.  The cupcakes were very moist and the batter was flavorful.  The butter cream frosting was simple but tasty and wasn't overloaded. The fondant decoration was unnecessary and tasteless. The cupcakes were a little pricey for what you get, but the staff were helpful and friendly.  I'm sure I'll be back!
4	Pretty good cupcakes.  I'm a chocolate fan but these aren't my favorite here. I think it's the frosting I don't like. It's way too buttery and not sweet enough. However, that said, they do have the most moist and scrumptious red velvet AND carrot cake cupcakes I've ever bitten into. Absolutely amazing! I'm craving some now...
5	Sprinkles cupcakes...should aptly be renamed the 3 pound cupcake of frosting heaven...or something similar along those lines...so I had to go deliver a package today so I went to the Fed-EX by Sprinkles and said fuck it I will try one of these mysterious cupcakes I have heard so much about. Plus that every women I know of in Scottsdale raves about this place...and when I walked in seriously I was like the only guy there...I think they put pheromones in their cupcakes or something that lures women in...but I could be mistaken...In any event the cupcake I wanted was not available today the peanut butter chip cupcake so I went for the vanilla Milk chocolate cupcake...now when they put this thing in the bag I assumed it was a light little fluffy cupcake...I kind of scoffed at the fact they were going to charge almost 4 bucks for this thing but when I lifted up the little cupcake bag it was in I was wondering if they baked these cupcakes with lead. It was heavy and I thought maybe they screwed up and gave me two of them or something...anyhow the temptation to devour it there was unbearable but I managed to make it back to the office with out breaking down. Once I pulled this thing out of the bag and got a good look at it I would swear that it had it's own little aura around it..like it was a cupcake sent from heaven just for me.In any event I devoured this thing in under two minutes and can honestly say it was probably the best cupcake I have ever eaten...sorry to all the kids mom's that made cupcakes that I had growing up at birthday parties and sleepovers...you ain't got shit on Sprinkles...this place is the bomb diggity!I will be sure to go back one day...but not any time soon for fear of being addicted to them like the many cougars and slightly overweight teens I saw salivating over them in the store...
3	Sprinkles is one of those places that you have to try for yourself. Even though I was forewarned, I stubbornly insisted that I needed to experience it.  I went on a Sunday night near closing time and there were a steady stream of customers fighting over the last cupcakes of the day.Once you look past the trendy packaging and utensils, the actual product left a little to be desired. Both the black & white and vanilla milk chocolate were dry.  Sure, the frosting is good.  But I think it's the pairing of good cake and frosting that makes it worth the caloric splurge.
3	I took my nephew and brother here and I was raving about the red velvet being soft, moist and simply just melts on your tongue.  To my surprise the cupcake was not as good as I remembered from the last time.  I'm disappointed that the red velvet cupcakes was not as moist, soft and delicious as the last time, thus indicating the cupcakes are not made consistent.  My nephew and brother were not impressed.  I was left feeling a bit embarrassed for talking the red velvet up so much.Thank goodness I was able to redeem myself a little bit because my nephew selected the coconut cupcake and it was simply amazing!
2	I think I'm the only person who doesn't like these.  I think Sprinkles is way too sweet and sometimes too dry.  The flavors are good but the execution is weak.  Plus they are expensive.
4	Dear Sprinkles tempatation, My jeans are in a fight with you for your delicious frosting and cupcakes that I can't resist...no matter the level of will power I'm feeling that day. Sprinkles cupcakes are what you expect. They are tasty, they are sugary, they go straight to your tush and they are worth every calorie and the inevitable sugar coma that will follow. I'm a frosting fanatic. I could probably be fine with just eating the top of the muffin and frosting, but somehow it's impossible to leave part of a Sprinkles cupcake remaining. My favorites flavors are the lemon coconut, anything chocolate, peanut butter...really just any cupcake there. You can't go wrong. Sprinkles cupcakes aren't cheap. We are talking about nearly $4 for a cupcake, but if you're willing to fork out the cash you'll enjoy every bite you take from that fork. They are a great hostess gift if you want to impress and they are perfect for a birthday treat or going away farewell sweet. So next time my sugar craving hits, I'll succumb to my will power and say hi to the friendly staff at Sprinkles.
4	Loved Sprinkles since my first taste back in Calif.  It is surely a guilty pleasure, I don't have them often since the price is a bit high just for a cupcake.  I love the artistry behind everything though!
4	I don't like cupcakes.I don't like cupcakes.I don't like cupcakes.Normally, I don't like frosting. Or cake, either. Sprinkles is an exception. Creamy, not sickly sweet, and super chocolatey, the cupcakes I've had combine all the characteristics I like in a dessert, but without making me feel nauseous afterwards. Two thumbs up. My sister adores chai latte, red velvet, and pumpkin cupcakes. These cupcakes are a recent discovery for me, so there are a bunch of creative flavors I haven't tried; my current favorites are milk chocolate, dark chocolate, and red velvet. Both vanilla and chocolate frosting get my endorsement... and I've never liked a vanilla frosting before. After munching through half a box of chocolate and red velvet cupcakes (and what the hell is red velvet, anyways?) I've decided that I want my wedding cake to be a tower of cupcakes... made by Sprinkles. Guests optional.So why not 5 stars? The cupcakes are expensive. I wonder how much of the cost markup necessary due to packaging: when you buy cupcakes, they're handed to you in an ornate little package--a pretty, wrapped box, in a plastic bag. In addition to the potential waste (in terms of packaging materials and time spent waiting in line),  so you can't see the contents of your order when it's handed to you. Downside of this is, unless you tear into the pretty package right away with a pterodactyl-like screech and start devouring cupcakes before you leave the store, you don't know if your order is correct. My sister got all the way home before realizing that her beloved chai latte cupcake was missing from the the box (oh, the horror!). She called the store and they comped her two cupcakes (which was very nice, since each cupcake is some $3), but she still had to drive back to the store to get her prize. There was a ridiculous line, apparently... so she returned home 45 minutes later with another half-dozen cupcakes. Staring at the shiny little muffins in the store while she waited in line a second time was too much temptation for her to handle. So, of course, she had to try some new ones, and we were forced to eat them. I'm assuming each of them is about 400-500 calories, because they're really just that good... so back to triathlon training. Bloooorgh.Wait, there's a Sprinkles in San Jose? Maybe I'll drive out there first. Just to check it out for wedding planning purposes, of course. THEN back to triathlon training.
3	Undoubtedly has fine cupcakes made of top notch ingredients and are generously iced and sized but I'm still not understanding how people are willing to wait in a line that wraps around the block and pay $3.50/ea. I didn't visit the store but my sister brought back a 4 pack of the chocolate, coconut, lemon and banana cupcakes for us. The cupcakes were very rich, delicious and above average in the taste and texture departments. However, for $3.50/ea I was expecting a little more pizazz such as a filling or intricate design. They certainly pile on the icing at Sprinkles with it being over 1/2" thick.For me, if I'm in the neighborhood and there isn't a line I could go for another cupcake but I'm not going to go out of my way or spend a hour for one of these babies.
3	I had to go to Sprinkles on my trip out to Scottsdale to see what the hype was about.  Appearance was nice.  The store is small.  I felt cramped and it didn't take long for the line to reach the door.  Service was okay.  The service was unorganized with girls running around with notepads and taking orders, but other than that I got my cupcakes. Got the Red Velvet and Peanut Butter Chocolate.  Peanut Butter Chocolate was okay.  The icing was not over powered with sweetness but the cake was dry.  Red Velvet was good as well, cake wasn't as dry as the Peanut Butter Chocolate and icing was rich and good. I'm not sure what the hype is about since there are many other cupcake boutiques out there that are better and cheaper.  Probably wouldn't visit a Sprinkles in any other location.
5	Ok, heres the last star as promised. My wish has come true, thank you for coming to Chicago!!! :D
3	I've heard tons about this place so I thought I'd give it a try. Ok, I also went because I thought I'd get some extra points because I know my fiance loves this place :-) I got the strawberry, chocolate marshmallow, red velvet, and I think the other was dark chocolate. I had my eye on the strawberry and it was pretty good. The frosting is very rich so after one I was set. My fiance tried the chocolate marshmallow and it didn't last very long so I take it it was good. The price is awful expensive for a cupcake but it was worth it to see her surprised look when she saw the Sprinkles box.
5	Sprinkles, you've reached 5 stars in my book now with your creation of the German Chocolate Cupcake. My favorite cake flavor and frosting (GCC frosting is the only type I'll eat/enjoy eating.) is German Chocolate, so when I saw the notification that this flavor was debuting this month I was torn - Go and try it to either be TKO'd because its either a hit or miss. So I went last week when they had their Eeeny Meeny secret word. I was originally going because I wanted to try the cinnamon sugar flavor. But after I walked inside and was reminded..OH YEAH they have GCC!!!...I caved to the German. I grabbed my free cupcake and headed back to work. I had a meeting scheduled for right after lunch that day. So I decide to eat my cupcake during the meeting. Thank goodness the department/person I had the meeting with is a really good friend, cause I was dancing around while eating it. Anyone else would have thought I was off my rocker acting like a nut. But it was THAT good! I was nice enough and shared a little with my colleague. She agreed it was pretty awesome. This cupcake is SO awesome that I mentioned it to my hubby, J, and bought him a GCC to try. GCC is also his favorite cake/frosting. So I'll get his opinion of the cupcake. I'm willing to bet he'll like it! So 5 Stars for the GCC at Sprinkles!! HOWEVER part of me wants to give them a big fat 1 (0 if I could give a 0)star rating, because I found out that GCC is a temporary for January. BOoOooO!!!! Be on the lookout for a Save the Sprinkles German Chocolate Cupcake petition. lol
3	Heard all of the hoopla over the past few months. And you know, been watching a lot of Cake Boss, so of course I think I am an expert, but whatever.My ma bought a dozen of these things for my niece's birthday over the weekend. I got there after they had been gone through. Tasted Red Velvet, Pumpkin and Chocolate. Pretty good. In my opinion, the red velvet and chocolate were a bit dry...but let me preface by saying I got there hours after the box came into the house, and that I am not a frosting person, so I tasted the cake without the frosting first on both of those. I did taste the frosting on all of them after those first bites, and wow, I give them a hand on that, the frosting was incredible.The pumpkin was great. The little dots on top freaked me out, and taste like nothing, but I guess they are all the rage, so ok.In all, I will try to find an independant that does the same thing better, but that's just my M.O.  Good enough and I had to try it to see what it was all about.... my mom told me what they cost, and HOLY CRAP....not happening for me. A cupcake better give me a lot more than a sugar rush at that price.
5	I would never have thought I could be so in love with Cupcakes, which I always thought were sort of 'blah', But Sprinkles Cupcakes are seriously from Heaven, its what I imagine the Greek Gods snack on on Mt. Olympus. They're seriously THAT good.  My favorite, by far, is the Red Velvet Cupcake which is honestly probably the most delicious 'cake' or dessert item I've ever had.  Go there now.  Oh and become a fan of them on Facebook because they always have great weekly cupcake give-aways.
3	Ok, let's face it...this was the first big cupcake company to make a splash on the cupcake scene here in the Phoenix area...and we all flocked here to try it out.And, I confess, I used to go there a lot. Before there were choices, that is.The girls that work there are darling and helpful, and there isn't the snobbery that one can find in some of the Scottsdale stores.Some of the cupcakes are really good (Red Velvet, Black and White) but I seriously doubt they are baked here...in the state, that is..The Peanut Butter cupcake is rather greasy, but some of the flavors they have around various holidays are good.If you are a cupcake fanatic like I am (although, I have vowed to change my ways before I gain weight) try Caketini, Barb's or Sweet Daddy's...or, if you need to try Sprinkles, give it a shot, and then go to some of the other cupcake stores the Valley has....
2	"Meh. I've experienced better."where, you ask?two words: Urban. Cookies.*drops mic*
4	Who doesn't love a cupcake?I had my first sprinkles experience two years ago, and it was lackluster at best. The red velvet was dry and I left disappointed.Flash forward to present day, and some Sprinkles cupcakes were dropped off at my office as a thank-you from a vendor. Regardless of my negative experience the first time, I had some... I'm not a communist, who turns down free cupcakes?!This time the cuppies were moist and delicious. Redemption. They're still not the *best* I've ever had, but they were good enough that I've been back to the bakery since then for a little sugary treat.The flavor combos are interesting and tasty- I recommend that chocolate banana, the one with marshmallow and carrot cake. I'm sure they're all pretty good, but those stood out to me.Overall, thumbs up!
3	My friend took me to this place while we were in Scottsdale for baseball camp.  He said that there were a few in the Bay Area where we live.  We had the secret word of the day and got the free cupcake.  I ordered a red velvet cupcake.  The cupcakes were good but I've had better at Auntie Em's in South San Francisco.  I am not a big fan of frosting and I thought the frosting was overkill on the cupcakes.  At Auntie Em's...the frosting amount is just right for me and in my opinion, a better quality and tasting frosting.
2	With dreams of starting my own cupcake business I was excited to visit Sprinkles.  ESPECIALLY after watching her week after week on Cupcake Wars.Let.  Down.The cupcakes you get from the grocery store have better, more light and fluffy, frosting.  The cake was moist - but the cake part of a cupcake is only half the experience.  It is also the "simple" half.  If you do not have "mixins" in the batter, it is pretty easy to make moist and delicious cake.  Overall it was not worth the drive or the price.  I am not sure that she is the best one to judge Cupcake Wars!
5	Since my first Sprinkles experience in Newport Beach, CA I've been addicted. Unfortantely for me I was attending school in Iowa where I experienced severe Sprinkles withdrawal. After graduating one of the major advantages while debating packing up and moving to Arizona was being within a few short miles of Sprinkles. No lie.The staff is friendly and are always welcoming. After becoming a regular the staff has even begun to remember cupcake preferences and are helpful in suggesting new flavors.The cupcakes are amazing. Everyone I introduce to Sprinkles becomes instantly as addicted as I had on my visit to Newport Beach. I have even found myself anxiously awaiting the various seasonal cupcakes they introduce each month.Watch out for the lines sometimes, primarily on weekends and when certain events attract visitors to the Phoenix area. However, the staff seems prepared for such a demand and works quickly and efficiently to help everyone as fast as possible.
3	OK I don't understand America's recent craze with cupcakes. The show cupcake wars and I have heard so many grand things about Sprinkles. I had today off and I decided I had to see what the whole cupcake buzz is about. When I walked in there was a line about 30 people deep. I was like OK have these people never had a cupcake before? Anyways, I walk in and I couldn't tell if I was in a pseudo bakery or a fashion show/salon setting? Nothing about this place reflects a bakery. So I ordered a red velvet cupcake and I guess waitress you would call it wrote up a ticket for it. OK, it is one cupcake, apparently the ticket is for tracking product, I don't know. Then I had to wait at least a solid 3 minutes before they gave it to me. I had the cash in my hand. Can't it be a grab and go? Apparently no!! As for the cupcake itself, the structural integrity was totaled f*cked. It was so top heavy that the top was breaking off from the bottom. It was obvious that it wasn't freshly frosted because the frosting had the hard crust, like it was a done a day before and sat on a shelf for numerous hours. But I will say that the cream cheese frosting did taste good. As far as the cake, the taste was pleasant. Light and airy cake. Overall the cupcake was pretty darn good. With all that being said I'm glad I tried one. Would I wait in line for 15 minutes again? Not unless I had an undying insatiable craze for one, which I don't see happening. Yes it is better than any supermarket cupcake that I have ever had, but I'm more than happy getting a Hostess cupcake at any convenience store for cheap than paying $3.81 for one single cupcake. Props to the lady who invented Sprinkles for the business that she created but after all, it's just a god damn cupcake!!
1	I heard about these cupcakes a few months ago, and finally got around to trying them.  I have to say, not even "ehh", almost uneatable!  These are probably the worst cupcakes that I have ever had.  The cake portion of the cupcake has a "wheat" aspect to it (that's the best way I can describe it).  If you've ever eaten something that is typically made with white bread, but you try it with wheat, and it "just doesn't work", that's exactly what this is.  The cake is very dry and has an odd, awful taste to it.  The icing is average at best, not gross, but not nothing above a 4/10.  The cupcakes are also outrageously priced, nowhere NEAR worth it!  Costco has MUCH better cakes and cupcakes... and they are a heck of a lot cheaper.  Don't be fooled by the whole "Beverly Hills" in the name, they aren't worth twenty five cents per cupcake, let alone three to four buck PER CUPCAKE!Sorry to be so harsh, but I am just shocked how something so talked about, could be so bad.
5	I'm sorry, but anyone that is complaining about paying $3.50 for a cupcake, and saying that's expensive, is crazy!!No, I wouldn't come in here and buy a dozen or more cupcakes for a party.  I'd make them myself (or just buy the Sprinkles mix if you really want that great taste!)  But $3.50 for a dessert that is more than filling is a great price.  I can barely finish one cupcake.  They are super sweet.The Red Velvet is my favorite!  I had never tasted Red Velvet before, so I didn't have anything to compare it to, but I have had many of their other flavors, including the basics of chocolate and vanilla, and the Red Velvet is by far the best!!  Every single time it is moist and delicious!!I also love the Pumpkin cupcake, which I was surprised by!  I'm not a huge fan of pumpkin flavor, but this cupcake is delicious!!I love that they have different cupcakes each day and seasonal ones as well.Well worth the $3.50!  My favorite dessert place!
4	I love cupcakes! Yum! My favorite cupcake is the white chocolate cupcake.This place can be super crowded on the weekends, so be prepared to wait! And this place is tiny, but they have plenty of cupcakes to choose from :)
3	Sprinkles knows how to make a decent cupcake. I like the overall appearance and flavor of the cupcakes. The cake part is insignificant and even a bit dry but the frosting is rich, thick, and DIVINE! The key to eating this cupcake is having both cake and frosting in each and EVERY bite. They have a nice enough variety of flavors to keep you coming back for more.
5	Amazing!, I crave see on a daily basis! They are absolutely delicious, it's weird, they are like cupcakes from heaven! Sure 3.50 is a little pricey, but they truly are the best cupcakes I've ever had. Everyone there is always so nice and friendly, my only complaint is I wish they had one closer to my house! Get the red velvet...you won't be sorry. The lemon, cinnamon sugar, and peanut butter chocolate chip are also very good. Yum!!
2	Hmmm, in reading these reviews it seems the issue isn't that they're bad, it's that they're inconsistent. Our group got four cupcakes. I got vanilla and banana, my SO got an Irish Baileys, and my friend got the chocolate and marshmellow. They were so bad and dry we didn't finish them. Was horribly disappointed. I've had cupcakes from "Let Them Eat Cake" when a friend went there for her wedding and "Sugar Daddy Cupcakes" and they both were supremely moist and delicately flavored. Never again and I was so looking forward to these cupcakes.
4	I don't care what anyone says, I love sprinkles cupcakes!!
3	A glimpse through the swinging door to the back room reveals trays and trays of unfrosted cupcakes. This immediately diminishes the sense of a an individually crafted dessert, made in small batches just for us lucky few. The reality of Sprinkles' overwhelming popularity is that the feverishly peppy girls staffing the place must crank out hundreds of cupcakes daily. It's a science and not so much an art. I much prefer art over science when it comes to food.  Very few cupcakes actually have sprinkles on them. Most have this hard sugar button, which confused me--is it plastic? Edible?The buttons are indeed edible. The staff is incredibly cheery, so cheery it prompted my stone-cold death stare.  It can be quite chaotic with the paper ticket system (especially when there's a line). They completely ignore the fact that people who come in groups sometimes prefer to be helped as a group. I purchased carrot, red velvet, and black and white cupcakes.  No time for the true experience of enjoying the cupcake in-house, and I sighed when I was handed a box to go; I guess three cupcakes isn't enough to warrant the privilege to have a bag to carry the box in. I was surprised when I took each out of the box--they weigh a lot more than you'd expect for a cupcake. Carrot was a little generic--nothing to write home about. The cupcake cup was oily. So THIS is how all of those hundreds of cakes stay moist. Red velvet was super light (I finished this one in one sitting). I still want to know what flavors are in red velvet.  Black and white actually had the sprinkles on it, and was my favorite; it had the perfect amount of density and the icing wasn't as over-the-top sweet as the other two. The wooden forks and knives just didn't cut it for me (pun intended). The frosting adheres to the fork, prompting one to lick it incessantly. This creates soggy-ish wood. Not delightful.Pretty good, but then again I don't eat sweets that often so I don't have much to compare the cakes to. Definitely worth trying, but don't expect a life-changing experience.
2	I had Sprinkles cupcakes for the first time last night.I felt it was a complete meh experience. Maybe I'm just not a cupcake kind of guy. Maybe it's because I'm a guy, and I'd rather have food than dessert. Then again, I do have a whole Yelp list for Fro-Yo.I wasn't "Wow'd" by any of the cupcakes. I tried the Red Velvet, Carrot and Black & White. The cupcakes reminded me of the U2 album Pop. Nothing great. A little out of the ordinary, but could have been a lot better. I could've made something better at home...and I'm not even a frickin baker.MEH. I'VE EXPERIENCED BETTER.
4	I have been here once before and every time I go in they are very fast and efficient about getting my cupcakes to me even if there is a line. Even though it looked like the majority of their cupcakes were gone I asked if they had more in the back and they joyfully said they were in the process of frosting more which made me pretty excited..who doesn't want a freshly frosted cupcake? Anywho, I got three mocha cupcakes (my boyfriend/dad are big coffee fans), one red velvet (honestly the most AMAZING of the cupcakes, their obvious signature best), one chocolate with marshmallow (another favorite of mine, very tasty), and a milk chocolate (I have yet to try but it looks delicious). Although these cupcakes are pricey ($3.50 per cupcake) I am always impressed with the quality and moistness of the cake. It's also fun because they have specific flavors of cupcakes for each day of the week. I'd say I'm a BIG fan of Sprinkles!
4	When in Scottsdale... Sprinkles!!!  Their cupcakes are on my list of desserts I love.  This was a great trip to Sprinkles because there wasn't a long line.  Sometimes when I'm in Scottsdale and want one, there is a line out the door (very worth the wait).  A favorite of mine is the vanilla milk chocolate... OH MY YUMMY!  The frosting is so damn good.  This was my long standing favorite but my new love is the chocolate coconut.  My friend had a peanut butter chip.  She was not a fan.  It was seriously peanut buttery (peanut butter cake with peanut butter frosting).  However, the peanut butter chocolate is a great choice.  Why?  Because it has the delicious milk chocolate cream cheese frosting!  Also, if you are a true cupcake lover, you may enjoy the banana cupcake for breakfast.  I've been known to indulge myself with this on a Scottsdale trip. It's like delicious frosted banana bread.  So much better than a donut!!
5	We learned about this bakery on the Food Channel. We decided to not only give it a try, but do a head-to-head taste test with another local cupcake bakery that had been featured on the Food Chanel. Sprinkles Cupcakes won hands-down. They were superior on customer service, presentation, appearance, texture, flavor and variety.  My personal favorite out of the eight Sprinkles Cupcakes we tried?? Vanilla... Truly amazing.
4	Love sprinkles!The plain old milk chocolate is my favorite. & I agree with the several other people who have said it...3.50 for desert is NOT expensive! I could find that change in my couch! :)
4	This was my second visit to Sprinkles. My first experience, back in December 2010, was also superior. On this trip I was able to experience the full-on cupcake frenzy on a Saturday late afternoon. There was a snake-like line inside the store and then out the front door. My friend looked at the line, then the case and said, "Uh, order me the cinnamon sugar or the strawberry and I'll wait in the car!"Due to the frenzy, there were no lemon cupcakes so I ordered the cinnamon sugar, stawberry, chocolate peanut butter and the vanilla with chocolate icing. I did not sample the strawberry but the chocolate peanut butter and the vanilla with chocolate were both excellent. Great flavor, great texture. Some of the best I've had.I like the way Sprinkles ices the little cakes. They don't pipe it on as high as the ceiling. They put it on good and thick but with a spatula. This requires a tad more effort than squeezing icing on from a bag but it is so much nicer to eat this way.The cakes are very good, the store is clean, the employees were polite and their product is beautifully displayed. What's not to like?
5	Nothing tastes as good as skinny feels' the wise words of Kate Moss clearly this chick has not had a sprinkles chai tea cupcake. Well damn I too like to look good in a bikini however not a Friday goes by without me thinking about those sweet sweet chai cupcakes, only available this one day of the week . Perhaps it's the lack of availability that's got poor Kate thinking her bones look better than a chai cupcake. Please sprinkles do us all a factor and make all cupcakes ready to eat everyday!!! Or at least my chai!! I'm officially converted from Georgetown cupcakes red velvet!
3	It's a small store-front, no seating. Great customer service. Cupcakes were moist, but frosting was too sweet. One trip was probably enough to last a year.
4	Somebody get the insulin pin... DIABETIC COMA!!!OK so I consider myself a cupcake connoisseur!!! I just love 'em! I am a recent transplant from Atlanta and really love SWEET POCKETS and CAMI CAKES! I considered these two one of the better cupcake bakeries. I am adding SPRINKLES to complete the trinity! I usually gauge my synopsis from two flavors- RED VELVET AND CARROT CAKE! Everyone can't master these two cakes and these three have definitely done it. I really love sweet pocket because they offer the mini cakes which taste every bit as good as the regular ones; just less of the sugar rush. My favorite flavor at SWEET POCKETS is the COOKIES and CREME!!! OMG! I do wish SPRINKLES would get rid of those hard tasteless decorations on top!
5	Now, I rarely get a craving for cupcakes, but I will admit that Sprinkles is about as good as it gets. They are well deserving of the publicity they receive. The frosting is probably the best I've ever had and the cupcakes are fairly large so you don't feel quite as raped when you plop down your life's savings for an afternoon treat.All of the flavors I've tried are good but the red velvet is definitely the best.It is likely that a place like this will kill you. But really, would that be the worst way to die...?
5	RED VELVET.  My last trip here my credit card got declined, luckily my friend spotted me for the $38 cupcape order I made.  Luckily I moved to NYC where there's no shortage of good cupcake shops.
2	Overrated cupcakes. I think everyone should try them out for themselves, but Sprinkles wasn't for me. The cake part of the cupcake was dry and the frosting was excessive and overly sweet. I could have spent that $3.50 better by making cupcakes myself!
4	I must admit, I did think places that only sold cupcakes were pretty ridiculous. I mean, come on! There are more desserts out there, like pecan pie! But, my lady told me to suck it up and we ventured in. It's actually a pretty cool place, with a huge selection of cupcakes to choose from. There is even a gluten free option (red velvet)!If you can figure out what the "whisper" word of the day is, you'll get a free cupcake. I was lucky enough to be in line behind someone who had the hookup, shared the word, and filled my stomach with an extra helping of frosting goodness.As I exited my first cupcake experience, I heard about all the fundraisers that Sprinkles does, which immediately makes me feel a lot better to spend $3.50 on a round piece of cake. Now, I just need to find an IV form of their carrot cake frosting and I'll be a happy camper!
2	I'm sorry Sprinkles... I really REALLY wanted to like you... I tried and tried but I couldn't do it. I've now had six different cupcakes from Sprinkles and didn't enjoy any of them... NOW the Strawberry frosting was delish, but the cake portion was just not up to par to that delicious frosting. ;-( Sad to say I'll stick to more local bakeries going forward!
5	Sprinkles was the first cupcake bakery I've tried and will probably be the last.  Since the cupcake trend exploded I have tried many other cupcake bakeries challenging them to be better than Sprinkles, but most all have failed.  I love the variety of cupcakes and the mass amount of frosting.  I haven't had a cupcake yet that I don't like.  I have loved them all and they love my hips.  They are great for gifts and still are #1 in my mind for the best cupcake bakery.
2	I tried Sprinkles for the first time while visiting Scottsdale. I had heard so much about them, and I had to try them. First of all the parking is horrible! It was 3 in the afternoon and there were about 5 other people there. These are so average and overrated. I can only assume that people who love them must not be able to bake. Take away the slick packaging and the supply and demand (certain flavors available on certain days), and it's just a cupcake with a lot of fat in them. Thats why they are so hard when you take them out of the refrigerator. I love lemon and I could hardly taste it. They are very expensive for cupcakes. I won't be seeking them out in the future. Too many other places to get great baked goods. BTW I tried 5 different kinds.
4	I can say I am glad they are not anywhere near my neighborhood, otherwise I would be in trouble.  I indulge is them only every so often.  Lately I love the Strawberry cupcake and the Ginger Lemon.  I am not crazy about the chocolate marshmallow.  The prices are a little steep, but since it is not everyday, I guess it is ok.
4	I like cupcakes. My fiancee likes cupcakes. And so we both like Sprinkles because they have cupcakes. Good cupcakes. I just wish they were cheaper, like a dollar, because then I could eat a hundred cupcakes because I have a hundred dollars. Their salty caramel cupcake is my favorite cupcake.
3	The only reason I have awarded this place with  three stars is due to the fact that they had a gluten free cupcake option on their menu. The cupcakes are okay, but I've definitely had better. They put WAY too much icing on top, which overpowers the actual cupcake, making it way too sweet for my taste. Not to mention they are quite pricey. Needless to say, if I never go to Sprinkles Cupcakes again it will not be the end of the world.
4	Having recently moved to AZ from L.A., I can't help but be a fan of Sprinkles...memories, memories, memories.You'll either love 'em or hate 'em.  If you adore cupcakes, you'll love 'em.  If you're a cheapskate, you'll hate 'em because the cupcakes cost $3.50 each.  I've seen Groupon offer deals if you order by the dozen.  As for me, I love 'em as I don't mind paying good money for good food.  I've tried the salted caramel, red velvet, dark chocolate, chocolate marshmallow, and vanilla.  The cupcakes, although not as moist as I'd prefer them to be, are still oh-so-good.  I agree with other Yelpers that they overdo it on the frosting; however, not a big deal as I can always scrape some off if I want it to be less sweet.  So far, the salted caramel is my favorite.
3	Small, super clean, and the staff are exceptionally nice. I didn't think the cupcakes tasted good enough to justify $3.50, and even one kind I got (salted caramel) I threw out after a couple of bites because I just didn't like it. I don't buy in to the concept, but it's well executed and I can see why they're so successful.
2	I took my husband here for the first time today and WOW. The cupcakes are grossly sweet. I can see why the kids love them so much. As for calling them gorment NO WAY! and way over priced on everything they offer. However we did like their Red Velvet cup cake, with that said it comes with cream cheese icing and not the overly sweet buttercream icing.
1	Went last week, and ordered a dozen variety. I didn't care for any of them, very dry, the frosting wasn't very good,even my 9 yr old daughter spit her cupcake out!
4	Good but all the flavor is in the frosting.
1	I tried this place finally yesterday. I watch (and love) cupcake wars and always wanted to see what made a cupcake "gourmet". I really wanted to love them. But, I didn't. We tried the GF Red Velvet (which is great to have a GF option), the Black and White and the Chocolate w/ cocounut cream cheese icing. They were all way too sweet. My 7 year old is GF and usually ONLY eats the icing on cupcakes. For hers she didn't want to eat the icing b/c it was TOO sweet!! That was a first!! The other ones were a bit dry and the icings were all too sweet. The coconut cream cheese icing was best, but that's probably b/c of the cream cheese.  It seems only the price makes them gourmet!! I make ones that taste as good, or better, at home!! And for less than $3.95 a piece!! I think it's a cute place and nothing draws a crowd like a crowd, but it's really all hype. IMHO. YMMV, but I'd save the $$ and bake a batch at home.
4	I had to make Sprinkles one of my first stops when I arrived in AZ. The first time I tried to go, it was just after (we're talking like 5 min) closing, an the doors were locked. I'm not the only person that walked up to the door either. Whatever though...businesses have hours, I get that. The second time I went I ordered a 4 pack: vanilla, pumpkin, black and white, and strawberry. I started with the pumpkin--it was ok/nothing special second was the strawberry--still makes my mouth water; in fact, while I'm typing this, I'm wondering how late they are open so I can go get one. Third was the black and white--like the pumpkin, it was just ok. Last was the vanilla--it was very good (I don't know how hard it is to screw up a vanilla cupcake though). Something I do want to point out though is that the frosting is VERY sweet. I love sweet, but it was almost too much. That was part of the reason I gave it 4 stars. The other reason are the prices. I want to say it was around $18 for 4 regular size cupcakes and a bottle of "sprinkles" water. If they were actually out if this world, I wouldn't complain about the price...but for 1 out of 4?! I definitely recommend trying the strawberry though. Mmm...
4	Disgustingly good cupcakes.Even if I am on a diet, I can't resist eating one when someone brings them into the office.  Yes, they are pricey, but I feel that it is the ridiculously overpriced items like these that just make you feel special when someone gives you one.  I can honestly say I have never bought one myself but I do occasionally stop by for a free one when they do their "secret word" thing on Facebook.
4	Feel like an asshole everytime I go and spend this much on a cupcake..but since magnolia bakery is in nyc..this is where I have to go.
4	The friendliest employees ever. HAHA but you would think in a place names Sprinkles.Their cupcakes are pretty good, but wow.. $3.50 each is a bit ridiculous. I just wanted to try it and its a once in a while thing. I enjoyed my lemon cupcake and my girlfriend enjoyed her red velvet cupcake. They are nicely decorated and makes the cupcakes that much better.Be sure to eat it all right away. I stored some of mine in the fridge and it got pretty hard. Still delicious though.
2	I would give it three stars for the taste, which is good, but two stars for the price.  Don't get me wrong, if you love cupcakes, you would probably love this place, but I don't think I will ever pay 3.50 (plus tax) for a cupcake again.  It was a cool experience though!  Nothing amazing or out of the ordinary.
5	Had to drag my niece from Ohio to my fave cupcake place.  She normally does not like frosting, but she inhaled the frost off the cupcake at Sprinkles.  LOL!  She loved the milk chocolate one.  We got 6 (all chocolate) for us.  We shared the other 4 with her brother, grandma, and uncle.  My nephew loved it so much, he inhaled a second one.Chocolate marshmallow - new flavor for me - OMG, hello happiness!
5	I don't even like cake, but these cupcakes are delicious. I take my kids for special treats and it's a fun place. The staff is super nice, too. The Red Velvet cupcakes are good, the cherry ones are delicious, the chocolate marshmallow are yummy, I could go on and on! Love it!
3	You will impress a gift recipient but not with great tasting cupcakes.Make sure you eat the cupcakes the same day/hour you receive them--the next day they will be unbearably dry and the frosting will be flavorless.
2	This cupcake shop is hit or miss. The last time I was there I ordered 5 cupcakes. One for myself and 4 boxed up to give to a friend for a small birthday gift on top of the gift I purchased for her. well, need to say my milk chocolate cupcake was raw and not thoroughly cooked inside. Have not been back since.
4	O.M.G Their cupcakes are really to die for. I wish they were NO CAL!!! They get 4 stars because $3.25 and up for one cupcake is stiff. But for a treat- why not. Most people will pay $3.25 or more for a cup of coffee- so there's your trade off.
4	I've heard a lot about Sprinkles and I think they recently started an outpost in the UES, but b/c I haven't had a chance to visit the manhattan location, I was ecstatic to see a Sprinkles a block from my hotel.  I really like the way the cupcakes are presented at the location, not the typical glass case with the circular cupcake towers, so I give them extra brownie points on presentation.  Also the icing reminds me of the Georgetown Cupcakes, too cute to be eaten!  Sprinkles has a wide selection of flavors and of course I opted for the red velvet, which was super moist!
4	FINALLY I step foot into Sprinkles Cupcakes! Since I live in Las Vegas and we do not have a Sprinkles Cupcakes I was very excited to try this place out and see why everyone loves the cupcakes here. I was staying at the W Hotel and since it's walking distance I came to stop by since I wanted something sweet to eat.I ordered two cupcake's... velvet and strawberry. I decided to try the strawberry cupcake first and OMG was it moist and delicious. I then tried the red velvet the next night and I was shocked that it was still moist. As for the frosting on the cupcakes it was a tad bit sweet but yummy.The day I was leaving back home I decided to grab two more cupcakes to bring back with me so my daughter could try it. I ordered the black and white cupcake and vanilla cupcake. They were both just so yummy!
4	I've never been in, but our team at work often gets these for birthdays. They are so large, we typically split them in half so everyone gets to try two different flavor. I've tried the cinnamon sugar, chocolate, red velvet, spice, ... The tops are so big and frosted they fall over on a plate from being so top heavy. They are definitely the best cupcakes I've ever had. Mmmmmmmm!
5	Yummmy! I wish they had this in Vegas! I got one cupcake kuz this was the second to last stop on our way back home to Vegas n didn't want any to melt in the car. Had the chocolate marshmallow yummy!  I heart marshmallows!
2	Decent cupcake for maybe $2.50.  For $3.50 you better knock my socks off. Way overpriced for what you get. I'm not the only one says so, so must be something to it.  If you love to overpay, then Sprinkles is for you.
3	They need more filled cupcakes. They were moist but not super moist. For the love of Pete DO NOT place inedible decor or decor which would cause me to get an emergency crown on a cupcake. For this place it is all about the marketing and branding. I would give it a second chance for a filled cupcake but I've had better (Molly's Cupcakes in Chicago, IL)
4	There's a reason everyone knows their name.   Delish cupcakes.  Very moist and a nice frosting to cake ratio.  You just can't argue with the vegan red velvet or my personal fave the chocolate marshmallow.  Am I the only one who thinks the dots are too much like Target, though?
5	Ah Sprinkles. I curse you for coming into my life. So does my scale. This place is indulgent, delicious and decadent. Simultaneously, it is fun, fresh and makes you feel like a kid (what kid doesn't love a cupcake?) The customer service here is obviously a top priority to the company as it is always pristine. It is a little pricey but oh-so worth it. I bounce between the chocolate marshmallow cupcake and the vegan red velvet--you would never guess there is no dairy or eggs in these! The day we live in a city that doesn't have a Sprinkles is the day I will cry myself to sleep.
4	Cupcakes and frosting shots, oh my!  This place is always busy and I think its the cupcakes.  My absolute favs are the Cinnamon and Red Velvet cupcakes!  I can't wait for the Pumpkin cupcakes that come out in the fall.
5	First time, Cupcakes are deliciously bad. I ate 2 and i think my taste buds were going into a shock. I actually had to take a breather from eating. When in doubt just as someone behind the counter what they would recommend super friendly and really helpful. Truthfully this is a once in a week treat. I wouldn't go there more then that.
1	It was my daughters 5th Birthday. I was in the neighborhood and decided it would be a great surprise for her. I could only afford two. One for her and one for her older brother. That was a bummer. I expected it to smell sweetness in the air. I was thrown off when it didn't have any smell at all. The day was busy to begin with and only got busier as the day went on. By the time we had got home it was 930pm. I decided id give it to her in the morning. I didn't even bother to look to see what they look like. I opened the box and again surprised no sweet smell. You can open a bag of Oreo's to get a smell of sweetness. What is up with this cupcake.  I cut into my son it was terrible. The cupcake was small and dry no flavor. There was a pound of frosting on it that was greasy. I threw them out. Disappointed. I am not picky when it comes to something sweet. Sorry Sprinkles for the bad report. It wasn't easy to admit that they don't deserve my bragging rights. I will stick my own baking. Thank you. The service is wonderful the store is very clean. Happy day
5	Oh, Sprinkles...you have won my cupcake heart. I first went to Sprinkles in Newport (I think?) a few years ago...and from that day on I was hooked. Then I was  stoked when they opened in Scottsdale! Sometimes I go visit the husband at work just to stop by Sprinkles. I also had Sprinkles cupcakes at my wedding instead of a traditional cake and I couldnt be happier. I just love these cupcakes. I dont know what else to say. I have had A LOT of flavors but I really really love the Black and White. That is my most favorite/ go to cupcake. I have tried other cupcakes place and they are just...imposters.
2	I am not gonna lie.  I don't get the Sprinkles buzz.... I think they are dry, boring, and not worth the money.  My opinion, drive north a few more miles to CupCakes...
5	I met Sprinkles while on lunch one day and a co-worker invited me to go get a cupcake. I had already eaten but tagged along for a free dessert. Upon returning to work and back to the routine as usual I had forgotten about it as it sat on my desk and the day was approaching a close. I gave it to my friend but they insisted on splitting it with me. I had selected the Lemon Coconut Cupcake and upon my first bite, it was as if my eyes had opened for the first time. And to think, I had almost given it completely away! That's how we met and the relationship grew from there, and so did my waist line (just call it cupcake).I was going once or twice a week. My variety favorites grew to include Red Velvet, Carrot and now Strawberry. They are all awesome in their own way. The girls all know me in there by first name basis  I never wanted to know how many calories were in one, but I had to stop. Thank God I moved away from Scottsdale. When friends come to town, I make a special trip to take them here though. Treadmill here I come.
3	Cupcakes were good. Nothing special though. They are very dry, and this is at least after trying them several times. A box of Duncan Hines delivers a better cupcake!
5	I've always heard about Sprinkles but never had the chance to eat a cupcake here until now. Sprinkles is considered a cupcake pioneer, so I wanted to find out if it deserves the hype. It totally does!The decorations are fairly simple and they offer at least 8-10 different flavors. The store is super clean and they have cute disposable wooden-looking forks/knives and spoons. I order the chocolate marshmallow cupcake and the Strawberry. The cake was moist and the frosting wasn't overwhelmingly sweet or heavy.Average cupcake price is around $3.
3	If I had to include "value for the money" as part of my rating, they'd get 2 stars. I gave them 3 because they're in Scottsdale and if you can't afford a $4 cupcake, then don't go to Scottsdale.That said, I have never been bowled over by these cupcakes. I've tried them 4 or 5 times over the past couple of years and I always think: "They're just nowhere NEAR as good as More Cupcakes in Chicago". I guess when you've had the best, the bar is set so high that it's hard to top.Anyway, although I tend toward the chocolate and peanut-butter flavors, I've tried their strawberry, vanilla, red velvet and coconut... They are all good, just not amazing, or even great.Oh, and they really need to think about selling milk, in addition to water and juice. Nothing goes better with a cupcake than a glass of milk (IMHO).
1	Sprinkles cupcakes is nothing special and it just goes to show marketing is everything. The service is great and the presentation of the cupcakes is nice. When you see the pretty cupcakes in their nice box you really think you are getting a gourmet cupcake like other bakeries. The red velvet cupcake was Just ok. The Carmel apple and cinnamon sugar cupcakes were muffins. They were good but I was expecting a cupcake. The chocolate vanilla with sprinkles was the best but nothing to write home about. There are tons of great bakeries out there with amazing cupcakes. I will never come back here and I hope one day more people see past all the gimics and realize sprinkles is just a fancy store selling over priced regular old cupcakes and muffins.
4	King Cupcakes! Is posting a review on this!!  This is my specially!  Sprinkles cupcakes is very good!  The cupcakes here are not to bland or too sweet.  A combination between the cake and the icing is quite perfect.  This place is highly recommended by King Cupcake among other cupcake restaurants in Arizona.
3	I chose 2 cupcakes on my first visit.* Vanilla with coconut - dry and fell apart*Ginger spice with lemon cream cheese frosting - AWESOME!moist, great flavor profile and frosting that didn't gag you on sugar.50% success rate isn't good enough to bring me back for $3.50 cupcakes. I've had cupcakes at Sprinkles in California at the Stanford location and it was way better! Always had consistently yummy treats.
5	Yummythe red velvet just melts in your mouth. and dont forget to look for the secret word before you go to get your free cupcake.
4	Was in the area pick up some errands and decided to stop by at Sprinkles for some sweets and I was so glad to my decision!Got the carrot cupcake and banana dark chocolate cupcake! I'm just gonna not talk about the price cuz you know it's pretty ridiculous, focus on the actual cupcake, the taste was excellent! Especially the carrot one! Very moist, soft, some little drizzle of carrots in the cake, yum!! The only I didn't quite finish was the icing, too sweet, oh well, I guess that's what they supposed to be? The banana dark chocolate one was pretty nice too, more of a taste of banana bread with chocolate icing on top, so nothing that special.I'd go back just for another carrot cupcake! It's that good ;)
2	First of all, shame on Sprinkles for taking a beautiful, precious morsel like the cupcake and turning it corporate. The first flavor I taste upon biting into a cupcake should be love, otherwise, why did I just pay $3.50 for half a cake slice that's shaped like a circle? I WANT TO FEEL SPECIAL, THAT'S WHY.After befriending an employee, it took about a week for me to try every flavor, since they take them home after work. Carrot cake and peanut butter chocolate were the best-tasting, but both are so dense and sweet that the cupcake and frosting are essentially indistinguishable. Adding to the sugar-fat intensity is their proportion (cake:frosting = 2:3). Considering that the Red Velvet cupcake, sans frosting, is 497 calories, you're consuming over half a day's worth of fat by indulging in a store-bought, frosted cupcake. Either way, if you manage to finish one, you will be sick... and you will raise your risk of cardiac arrest significantly (surprise!)The final thing that grinds my gears about Sprinkles is that you can make them yourself. They literally sell you the mix so that you can create them in the comfort of your own home. Why are you paying $3.50 for cupcakes that emerged from a box mix in the first place? That doesn't taste like love! That tastes like a 21st century bake sale. I'll take one order of real food, with a side of integrity, please.
5	Hands down the best cupcakes in the Phoenix market. Tammie Coe comes in second with the coconut but sometimes it's not as fresh as it could be at LGO. Milk chocolate is great, taste a sprinkle - it's really chocolate not wax. I had salted caramel it was wonderful. Dark chocolate is decadent. I did try the red velvet and it was good but I'm done trying to understand red velvet. I just don't get it.
3	Got to try a Sprinkles Cupcake for the first time and it was just as expected. I tried the lemon coconut cupcake and I will admit that it was good. The cake was light and moist and the frosting was creamy but not too sweet with just the right amount of lemon flavor. However, I still don't feel that 3.50 was worth it. Yes, if I was in the neighborhood, had money to burn, and having a major sugar craving, I would probably stop in and try another one but this is definitely not the the kind of place that should become a habit. Two days after trying the Sprinkles cupcake, I went to Super Target and picked up a dozen vanilla cupcakes and they were just as moist and delicious for only 2.00 total!!! My point? Although Sprinkles may be good, its definitely not the only place to find a good cupcake and is definitely not the cheapest making the high price tag difficult for me to stomach unless its an occasional splurge.
2	My friend and I happened to be near Sprinkles Scottsdale so we thought we would give it a try. When we walked in the place it was crowded and the cupcakes looked delicious but then it hit me -the smell of feet. The smell -I assume- was from the hoard of people crammed into the very small place. My friend and I ordered our cupcakes and got out fast. The cupcake was moist but had hardly any flavor. My friend said that her cupcake had the same problem -very little flavor. I have tried a few cupcake places around the valley and my favorite by far is Sweet Daddy's in Arrowhead. Bottom line -Sprinkles is overrated, has hardly any flavor, and not worth the price :(
5	Never have I been to a friendlier business. From walking in the door you feel as if you are in a Katy Perry dreamland. The aroma of fresh cupcakes over take your senses along with the glowing smiles directed right at you from behind the counter. Cupcake flavors are constantly changing except for the fan favorites which you can count to be in stock any day of the week. I know when I walk out of there I feel as if the world is suddenly a happier place!
2	Is is just me, or is the quality going down here? I loved this place when I lived in LA about six years ago. When I think of the Milk Chocolate and Chocolate Peanut Butter, my mouth starts watering.  A couple years ago I had the lemon ginger at the Scottsdale location and it  was excellent. A couple days ago, I was in the the area and decided to stop in since it's been quite awhile. I had the chocolate peppermint, and it was mediocre.  The cake had the texture of a Better Crocker cake mix, only it had less flavor, and it was a little greasy. The frosting was tasty, but not anything to write home about. I was really looking forward to that cupcake, and it was just really disappointing!Next time I get a craving for a cupcake, I'll go to Tammie Coe, or try out a new local place.
4	I've been here three or four times, and in all those times I've only been disappointed by a single cupcake that seemed to be a bit too dry to have any real flavor. However, I can now say that that instance seems to be the exception rather than the rule. I always have to get a red velvet, and my new favorites after this holiday season are the salted caramel and pumpkin spice. It's like magic in my mouth.One comment though - none of these workers ever forget to bring their enthusiasm to work. Normally I would list that comment as a compliment, but when the first thing I hear at 9:00 in the morning is "OmG isn't life just MARvelous and OmG you are FLYING home today and you DON'T live here?! Well that's SO exciting and we will TOTALLY get you a bag that you can take your cupcakes in, OBviously" - let's just say it is a little overwhelming.And fair warning, you really need to love cupcakes to be willing to pay $22 for 6. But let's be serious, I'm definitely going again next week when I'm back in town :)
2	I KNOW now that some flavors are better than others.I took a bite out of my husbands cinnamon cupcake,it was OK not too sweet, sort of moist and about the right amount of spice. It tasted like a cinnamon bun.BUT THE LEMON one was disappointing and half of it got tossed in the trash. The top had a candy decoration that was so hard I almost broke my teeth on it so I spit it out. (maybe I wasn't suppose to eat it???) The frosting had lemon in it but was AS SWEET AS EATING STRAIGHT 10X SUGAR from the bag (it really tasted like straight 10x sugar with a little bit of lemon rind ) . I love sweets and IF I SAY THIS WAS TOO SWEET it was since it's like a mouse saying something like there is too much cheese in the cheese trap, it's THE SAME thing . I tried the frosting and the cake together, it still didn't work to me .  The main taste in the cake part of my lemon cupcake was EGG it was like egg flavored cake . The cupcake had almost no lemon flavor but it was moist. I would NEVER eat a lemon cupcake from here again and it was a mess to park here.
5	Who doesn't love great cupcakes!
2	Sprinkles... just doesn't do it for me. There cupcakes are alright but for the taste and price I would rather get a box of cake mix and make my own.... I have tried going back a couple times to see if it was the cupcakes I was choosing but no... they are not good.
4	These cupcakes are wonderful but they are $3.50!! They are delicious & customer service is tops so I suppose I will continue to be a customer...the red velvet & vanilla cupcakes are delicious. The employees always greet you with a smile & seem genuinely happy to be serving you. That's one thing I admit I really like about coming to Sprinkles...I always get great customer service. I like when places make their customers feel appreciated! Keep it up!
3	So had this for the first time this weekend. Eh taste like a cupcake not over the top amazing but not dry and bad so yeah good cupcake. Heard people wait in line for these I wouldn't but if no line and I wanted a cup cake yes I would stop.
4	Cupcakes are to DIE for!!  This was my first time after being on my list for years.  They are extremely moist, staff spews enthusiasm.  Only contructive criticism is the location is a tad difficult due to Scottsdale traffic, and the parking lot is REALLY tight in front of the building.  The prices are TOO expensive for a cupcake you will devour in 2 bites (although I know its the going rate).  I would suggest either lower prices or increase the size of the cupcake.
3	I prefer Urban Cookies, but my "The King" cupcake was really great.  Unfortunately they only serve it a few days a year.
4	With my sister visiting in town this week, of course I had to take her to Sprinkles. The line was out the door, but once we got inside, the staff was so friendly and upbeat, they really moved the line along.Everything in here is made with natural ingredients and they do offer a few vegan and gluten free options. Forget that though, we went with the real deal!So as we're looking at our options my ass says "hey, you're in here already, just go for it". So we ordered four cupcakes that way we could share and taste a few different ones. We got the coconut, red velvet, vanilla with vanilla frosting and vanilla with chocolate frosting. Yes, there was even some sprinkles action going on on top of the last two---or as we used to call em' back in Boston..."jimmies".I agree with Lindsey, it's ALL about the frosting. This place doesn't disappoint. Creamy, sugary, thick. If I wasn't paying $3.50 per cupcake I'd just eat the top part because that's where all the love is.
2	My husband and I were in Scottsdale for a business trip his company sent him on and, being a Cupcake Wars fan as well as a major lover of all things sweet, we decided to go into Sprinkles and get our cupcake on.  We were soooooo disappointed.  Between the two of us, we got Peanut Butter Chocolate, Dark Chocolate, Vanilla Chocolate, Pumpkin, Lemon Ginger, and Cinnamon.  Every single cupcake was dry and every frosting was overly sweet to the point of making us feel sick.  Mind you, we did not eat all of the cupcakes at the same time; we spread it out over the day.  However, both of us threw at least half of each cupcake away due to the dryness of the cake and the cloying sweetness of the icing.  A couple of the cupcakes had decorations on the top that were inedible.  Perhaps we weren't supposed to eat them, but on Cupcake Wars, Candace often admonishes a contestant when their decorations are not edible and so I am admonishing her store for doing the same thing.  I believe one must follow what they preach to others.  My husband wanted to give Sprinkles one star, but we compromised on two stars since the employees were so nice and friendly.  However, good customer service does not excuse the overwhelming sense of disappointment we felt at spending $3.50 (per cupcake) for what we think is some of the worst cupcakes we've ever had.  And that includes store-bought cupcakes.  I can honestly say that, at this time, we will not be returning to any of the Sprinkles locations.
4	As an update, I've visited Sprinkle's 2x more since my first review, and both times they were SO much better.  I still don't like the chocolate cakes, but there are many other flavors that are pretty darn good. :)
5	pure awesomeness!  all of the different flavors are great too.
4	Perhaps I judged the Palo Alto Sprinkles Cupcakes too harshly the first, second, and third time around. But Scottsdale Sprinkles you have made me reconsider and opened my eyes to the yummy goodness of the Red Velvet. My o-so kind friend thoughtfully brought me back a Red Velvet even though I told her not to waste her money. Now I am glad she did. I finally I got to enjoy a true Sprinkles Red Velvet. Since I cannot go to Arizona every time I get a cupcake craving, I hope the Palo Alto Sprinkles will taste just as good. Even though this Red Velvet was amazing, I still love the Banana the most.
4	Man, haters are gonna hate! The cupcakes here are AMAZING. Extremely moist and delicious. If you think it's too sweet, then don't eat a damn cupcake! If you've never been here, I suggest trying the Red Velvet. Red Velvet never fails, and I've never met a person who didn't like it. My other favorites are carrot and strawberry, but be very careful about trying new flavors. I once tried the chai latte and it made me sad. And yes, the cupcakes are $3.50 and no, you won't feel privileged or special for spending that on a cupcake. Currently, $3.50 is less than a gallon of gas... or a cup of coffee. So let's just all calm down about the prices. And P.S. to those who can make the same tasting cupcakes from a box, please drop those cupcakes off at my house. I will be very impressed because as of right now, I'm pretty sure that's impossible. OH and one more thing: don't waste money on the mix that's sold in the store. It is not the same. Hope this was helpful!
3	I really really really want to love these cupcakes, but they are a bit overpriced in my book. There are a few flavors that are delicious (i.e., red velvet, black and white, and lemon coconut), but I had a few in the dozen that I purchased that were simply not worth the premium price. Specifically, the cinnamon sugar cupcake was hard and crunchy which was weird for a cupcake, and the carrot cake cupcake was a fuzz on the dry side. Overall really good cupcakes, but just not worth the premium price they are charging.
4	They never disappoint in taste, but are a bit pricey.  A fun treat for the family.. take home or eat on the patio.
4	Hate the prices and the line.  Love the cupcakes and the look on my Wife's face when she is eating one.  Take your girl if in the area.  You will get major BROWNIE points for splurging on CUPCAKES.  Highly recommend the carrot cake and chocolate with coconut.  mmmmEnjoy!
4	When I visited Scottsdale and saw a cupcake bakery with a line coming out of it, I had to try it. I was impressed! The prices are a little higher than many cupcake shops I've been to, but the ingredients are top of the line. The red velvet is incredible. Their seasonal salted caramel is my favorite! The staff is very nice, which scores brownie points (or cupcake points) in my book.
2	What can I say about Sprinkles? Overpriced and over-hyped. Although they claim to use only the finest of ingredients, the cupcakes are decent, but nothing to write home about. I have been there enough times to come to this conclusion. Want a good cupcake? Try Crumbs. Oh, sorry, I guess you have to go to L.A., NYC or Chicago to get a taste of it.
4	Great. Totally lived up to the hype. Delicious, and worth the wait in line.
5	My favorite cupcakes EVER!  Well just the red Velvet!  I love when they put the saguaro's on them I love that, it makes me feel like we they made is especially for me!Everyone should go and grab a cupcake when they are in the area!  Now all they need is the ATM cupcake machine like that they have in LA.
5	Best cupcakes ever. I can't get enough of the Strawberry and Red Velvet. They even have a gluten free Red Velvet! Order several to take home. They will give you a zip-loc bag that keeps them fresh and moist for days! I'm addicted. Not cheap, about $22 for 6 but when you taste them, who cares....
5	5 stars because how cute is it that they put the little Angels logo on top of the cupcakes for Spring Training! So welcoming for us from out of town ! Red Velvet, Chocolate Marshamallow, and Coconut !
5	Before we even came to Arizona for spring training I told my husband we had to come to Sprinkles when I saw there was this Scottsdale location. I wanted to go to one ever since I saw Bridget from "The Girls Next Door" obsessing over it - HA! We spent part of a day at Fashion Square and I was surprised to drive past Sprinkles by chance without even looking for it. When my husband and I initially drove past the Sprinkles storefront, the huge line inside almost stopped us from going in but I'm so glad we did. The line WAS quite long but it moved quickly and we were out with our sweet treats in no time. The girls working were very friendly and were on top of taking orders to make the line move along smoothly.We only bought one cupcake each so we didn't get to try all the flavors that we had been drooling over but that's okay. I had the St. Patrick's Day Irish Chocolate - Belgian dark chocolate cake topped with a Baileys Irish cream cheese frosting.  Hubby had the Pumpkin. Both were so moist and delicious. Not too huge in size or too sugary sweet.  Just about perfect. One thing though that I found frustrating was the flavors listed on the wall vs. what is actually available that day.  When you immediately walk in if you've never been there before, you automatically look up to the board - but that does you no good if that flavor is not made that day.  And the little signs next to the cupcakes in the case you cant read unless you are right up front so it's hard to make your selection waiting in line because you have no idea what is available. No biggie. And I think $3.50 per cupcake is a steal I have no idea why people would complain about price. Will be back next time I'm at a nearby location, maybe even order online for a special occasion.  YUM!
4	Sprinkles cupcakes are very good. They're too expensive and at peak times you'll wait for a while, but they're very tasty. Like them on Facebook and you'll get a daily secret word that will score you a free cupcake when you're in the neighborhood. The people that work there are friendly, and for as tiny of a space it is, they do a pretty good job of getting people in and moving them through a line. I like their Red Velvet, Black & White and Milk Chocolate cupcakes, and they have some other, crazier flavor combinations if you're into that kind of thing. They have seasonal flavors and certain cupcakes which they only have on certain days, which is kinda cool. If you're into good frosting (which I am), you'll like Sprinkles a lot. The frosting is delicious.If you're in Scottsdale and you like cupcakes, check Sprinkles out. It's fun to overpay for cupcakes (but at least they'll be good cupcakes) and get a taste of the Scottsdale tourist scene.
5	I have been to Sprinkles many times as I live less than 10 minutes away and I have never been disappointed. The cupcakes are fresh and delicious every time. I can't wait to find out which seasonal will be there as they have some great choices (ex. salty caramel; key lime; smore ) to name a few. The service is also really exceptional at Sprinkles- the employees are friendly and knowledgable about their products. I have even ordered them for my cousin who lives in Irvine, CA. from the store in Newport Beach and they deliver! I Love Sprinkles!!
2	I'm on a diet, so I shouldn't have even been eating cupcakes. But I was stressed out, and Sprinkles was right across the street so I said "What the hell" and we walked over to grab a cupcake after lunch. I'm vegan, so the only option that they have for vegans is red velvet. On the one hand I think its great they think of their vegan customer base because lets face it, vegans like baked goods too. On the other hand, only one flavor? Really? I wish they had a vegan strawberry or lemon or something. How hard could it be to come out with some new flavors? Anyways, so I order my cupcake and pay. $3.81 for my cupcake. Which should sound outrageous, but compared to what I have paid for other vegan cupcakes it was sort of a bargain. I didn't feel like eating my cupcake in front of people, so I took it home. I sat down to eat it when I got home and the first thing I noticed was how oily it was. The paper was oily because the cake was so oily. I read in someone else's post that a red velvet cupcake has 497 calories, and if they make the vegan red velvet the same I can understand where all of the calories come from. Its the amount of oil. I don't think I have ever had such an oily piece of cake. So that was disappointing. But I already bought it so I ate it anyways. The frosting was nice. It tasted like coconuts, so I assume they use that coconut butter to make the frosting. I liked the frosting better than the cake. The cake wasn't dry, which I can assume was because of the large amount of oil in the cake, but it didn't have much flavor. And it wasn't very sweet either. So that was a bust. I will just have to get my vegan cake fix elsewhere.
3	wow, really? People actually wait in line for these things???? My buddy was in town from Texas and we walked buy this place. He really wanted to try some of these great marketed round pieces of cake. After waiting in line for 25min(for some reason they don't get the whole point to what you want and pay thing) we both got the red velvet and one other flavor. I rocked the s'mores and he got the Chocolate something. Red Velvet was very oily and just sugar flavor. My S'more was very good, but still too much sugar flavor. He took 2 bites of the chocolate and tossed it in the canal near by. Would I go back? Nope! Most over hyped thing ever.
4	Expensive foo-foo cupcakes but worth every penny and calorie!!Service is great here ... took some on the plane and when I explained this to the ladies, the wrapped each cupcake individually before placing htem in the box.  Then they sealed the box up for me so it it will stay fresh longer.I'm glad this place is clear across town for us or else we'd be coming here more than we should!
2	Extremely over-rated, not at all worth the hype or the price.Would not recommend this place to anyone - unless you are truly desperate to waste your money.
5	The first time I had sprinkles cupcakes was at the location in Beverly Hills. I was so excited to find out that they had a Scottsdale location. I've tried most of their favors and all their cupcakes are always flavorful. I also like their flavors that come out during certain seasons of the year, but the red velvet will always be my #1 with the black and white at #2.
5	Everyone loves Sprinkles Cupcakes, but now I REALLY do!  We ordered some as a Thank You gift for another department and they were supposed to arrive at 1pm.  Around 1:15pm, I decided to follow up to see where the courier was.....within 5 minutes I received a call back from Order line letting me know he was very busy and unfortunately running behind but that he would be here in 20 minutes.  With three minutes I received a call from Lauren, the store manager in Scottsdale, apologizing for the delay and said they would comp the delivery fee of $35!  Talk about GREAT Customer Service!!  Yay Sprinkles!  Yummy Cupcakes as well as fantastic customer service!
5	I love sprinkles cupcakes. I have also managed to go to every location except the 3 in so cal. Like every location, the taste and quality is consistent and delicious. I got the salt caramel, banana, and carrot this time around. Like always, it's delicious and lasts for as long as they say it does. My pup loves the pupcakes too. I would wait for these cupcakes any time.
4	Sprinkles has amazing cupcakes! The cake is always moist and the frosting delicious. I have had cupcakes from other bakeries where they pipe the frosting on using a pastry bag, and there is wayyyyyy too much frosting. Sprinkles does it by hand, so the frosting amount is always perfect for the cake size. I love the simple decorations they use as well.The only downside I have noticed is that they use a lot of oil, and if the cupcake is touching the box the oil will actually seep through the cardboard. But I guess it's the price you pay for extremely moist cupcakes! Also, the frosting is super sweet and it sometimes makes my teeth hurt. It's so worth it though!My favorite flavor ever is Chai Latte! They only have them on Fridays though, and they often run out before dinner, so get there early if you want one!They also have amazing seasonal flavors: salty caramel, dark chocolate raspberry, eggnog spice, chocolate peppermint, and the best: brown sugar praline! That one is an Easter flavor and I love the crunch of the praline combined with the brown sugar! YUM!Yes, it is a bit pricey, but if you like the "Sprinkles Cupcakes" and "Sprinkles Cupcakes Scottsdale" Facebook pages they each do a daily whisper word that will get the first 50 people a free cupcake! I always try to buy another cupcake when I use them, so it's about $2 a cupcake then. Many times the whisper word will get you an off-the-menu cupcake, either a seasonal offering from a different part of the year or a cupcake creation. I had a lemon cake with strawberry frosting once, and it tasted like strawberry lemonade...delicious!
4	Cupcakes are delicious, but too expensive.  I really only go here on special occasions.
4	6.30 on a Sunday and there was a line snaking through the small shop. We took turns sneaking peaks at the day's options and by the time we got up front we were ready to order. We got the salted caramel and chocolate marshmallow. The 1st was so good, the 2nd kinda boring.Can't wait to try more.
3	These cupcakes can be hit or miss.  There are certain items like the chocolate peanut butter which  can really cause addiction, while there are others like the key lime, and red velvet which taste like any other key lime or red velvet cupcake.  These cupcakes are seriously expensive and there is always a pretty large line to get one.  With those two things in mind I am not so sure that its worth the trip. That is unless you are already addicted to a certain flavor.
1	Over-rated, over-priced and where's the filling. Tastes like flavor-less boxed-cake with sugary frosting. Can't believe the owner judges Cupcake Wars and doesn't change her recipe!  I want some filling in the middle with a ganache icing for that price! Lines out the door...I don't get it!
5	I absolutely LOVE Sprinkles. The only two cupcake places I would go are Mind over Batter and Sprinkles. The first time I tried Sprinkles was a Red Velvet cake, Uhhhh YUM! However you can never really dine in and eat you cupcake since the store is so small, so i'm always in a hurry to go in-choose my cupcake-and GO! it's great, the staff are amazing! I love it!
3	Ok, really nothing special.  AT $3.50 a pop.....well that's the upscale area of Scottsdale for ya!.  Not worth the price BUT in that area its par.  They are not nasty, but not great.The staff however are great!  Some of the most friendly I have seen in a while.
5	Never ever ever EVER go to phoenix without a stop at Sprinkles! Redvelvet rocks! Peanut butter chocolate chip-heavenly!! Worth the line,worth the drive, worth the $$$$!!!
3	Decent cupcakes, very buttery.Tried the red velvet, vanilla, and coconut cupcakes. I personally liked the red velvet and coconut more. I think Georgetown cupcakes in DC were better.
5	Just had my semi-annual splurge at Sprinkles. As always the vanilla/vanilla was amazing and super moist. Ventured out and tried the salted carmel. WOW. Super Yummy! now off to the gym.
5	Can you say adorable?  No I don't just mean the cupcakes!  All the girls who work here are such sweethearts!  Don't get me wrong, their red velvet, vanilla, and chocolate are to-die-for, but it's the service that really puts the cherry on top.  Their cupcakes are rich and just perfect.  If you feel like a "sweet genius" (food network show with a very creepy host), buy the batter yourself and go crazy! Definitely a staple in the Scottsdale area now, Sprinkles is a must.  Stop in, get your dose of sugar, love, and happiness and go about your day!  KEEP CALM AND EAT CUPCAKES.
4	Im not a big Sweets eater but i gotta say this place is pretty good.  Staff was friendly and very knowledgeable about their cupcakes.   I would recommend this place if your looking for a good desert.
2	Went to Sprinkles yesterday and had gotten 6 cupcakes various flavors. Unfortunately they were not as I expected from all the hype. The chocolate ones were dry and not a lot of flavor the only ones that  had some flavor were the black and white and vanilla. this was my second time there hoping for better was disappointed. Sorry sprinkles
4	I had to go here to see what all the Hollywood was about! It's so cute on the inside! The cupcake girls are as sweet as can be and the selection was nice too. Their flavor board was a bit confusing with the objects as flavor indicators and they rotate cupcakes so you don't get the same thing often. A bit overpriced but you're also paying for the brand name too. They have all kinds of mixes and t shirts and aprons you can purchase which I've never seen before. The cupcakes were in fact amazing. I didn't like the little decorative dots on the top of the cupcake. They're just pure hardened sugar. Follow them on Twitter because daily they'll share a "secret word" via Tweet that if you are one of the first 25 people in the store to whisper it to a clerk, you get a free cupcake. Don't go out of your way to do this, but if you're in the area and hankering for a cupcake...
4	Damn it! This place is like a darn magnet. My belly button just keeps pointing in the direction of this heavenly goodness, and pretty soon my belly will be pointin' in too many directions! Get me out of here fabulous (and damn worth it) calorie invading perfectness!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
3	Lovely shop, great cupcake selection, friendly service.  But the real question is...how do the cupcakes taste???  Pretty good.  I tried (4) flavors and they ranged from OK to YUMMMMMM!  Vanilla with chocolate buttercream was ok, the Coconut was good (a bit dry, but decent flavor), the Carrot was very good, and the Mocha was YUMMMMMM!   They were all super sweet though.  My husband and I both had a quarter of each flavor and that was more than enough.  From a flavor variety and taste perspective, Sprinkles is a 3.5 - 4.  However, I really can't justify spending $14.00 for (4) cupcakes.  They are expensive so they can pay their overhead and lease costs, not because of exotic ingredients or special decorating skills.  Don't get me wrong, I'm sure they use good ingredients, but the wrappers are plain, there's no special piping or fondant work, and the flavors are standard. They are just plain good cupcakes...not fantastic, but good.  Certainly not worth $3.50 a cupcake.  I do a ton of baking and I get special order requests from friends and neighbors all the time.  I always do nice decorating and use premium ingredients and the most I charge is $2.00 a cupcake...and that's only if I use fondant.
4	I love SPRINKLES! I wish they offered more options however... flavors.
2	I consider myself a cupcake Connesiour  and have tried out Sprinkles on several occasions and each time leave feeling like I overpaid and have been disappointed by the cupcake.  While the actual cake part may be the most moist cake I have ever had the other things that comprise the actual "cup" part are lacking.  There is a lack of connection between the toppings and cake and the overall taste isn't that great.  It just always leave me wishing I went somewhere else and for $3.50 and up a cupcake, there are lots of choices that one should not be disappointed.The parking is ATROCIOUS and the space inside is not for the claustrophobic.  There are usually about 15 people in the space of an elevator, salivating while waiting for the cupcake in a chaotic mess.
4	Tried something different for desert one night with some family. We got a few boxes of some popular assortments for a sort of cupcake tasting. They were really good but  very rich so I'm glad we shared them. My favorite was the salted caramel, just delicious. All the cupcakes here are moist not like other places that have the dried cake part. Usually I don't end up eating most of the cake it isn't that good but at Sprinkles you'll enjoy the entire Cupcake!
4	Who would of thought 20 years ago, that cupcakes would be such big business today??  But, they are and this place is the Queen of cupcakes. Have to stay away from this place because, the temptation is too much. However, I do venture over here every now and then.Fantastic cupcakes, and the frosting is wonderful. I could eat many of them.However at $5.00 each I cannot go crazy over eating these treats.Not sure which is my favorite, because, they are all so good.Worth it to check out this place.
2	I was disappointed. Dry cake. No place to sit so we sat outside while it was starting to rain. I was expecting better.
1	Over rated, and Over Hyped. I cant figure out why these cupcakes sell. They are Dry, icing not that great but what they do have is the best service i have experienced in a food setting. And location, location, location. But at the end of the day even though they have great service, the product they sell is really bad.....Pretty presentation but super dry cupcakes..what happend to moist
4	I love the frosting and the cake is pretty good, can be a little dry at times but to me the frosting makes up for it. It is expensive for a cupcake. It gets pretty packed and the employees really take there time instead of rushing when everyone is packed in on top of each other. There's no where to sit except a bench outside or the yogurt land next door. But if you love chocolate frosting its a must try.
4	I love Sprinkles cupcakes. I've never had a problem with dryness or lack of flavor. The red velvet is my absolute favorite, followed by lemon or peanut butter. Yummm! The counter girls are always smiling and friendly. Yes, the cupcakes are a little "spendy" at $3 - $4 per treat. But anyone who's had the pleasure of sampling Sprinkles' goodies before knows how rich they are, so in my opinion they're not meant to be a daily snack. Therefore I don't mind spending $3 or $4 on a rich, indulgent treat from time to time.
3	We don't have a Sprinkles cupcakes near my home so was excited to find one close to my hotel while in Scottsdale for a business trip.Was surprised that on a Sunday evening there was a line - but it moved quickly enough. Went with a chocolate coconut and a peanut butter chocolate chip. Staff was friendly (almost Stepford like friendly) and efficient and I was out relatively fast.The chocolate coconut was okay. Cake was a little dry. The PB chocolate chip one was fabulous though. One of the best cupcakes I've ever had.Not sure if I would pay $3.50 again if I had the chance but glad I got to try them at least once.
3	Good modern atmosphere and delicious cupcakes.
2	Thank God for tourists and trendy people wanting trendy cupcakes. Without either this place would flop!!!I always see a line out the door and figured that Sprinkles cupcakes HAD to be amazing. I live right down the street and find myself walking by quite often, but after 3 visits and 3 mediocre cupcakes I realized why there is always a 15 minute wait; the teenagers that work behind the counter are ill trained and take longer to put a cupcake in a box, than it does Starbucks to make a complex specialty coffee.To top it off, each time I visited, the overprices cupcakes were hardly stocked and I had to settle for my second choice. The cakes tasted decent but were a touch dry. Fun to look at but not much more.Don't get me wrong, I love cupcakes as much as the next 30's something hipster yuppie, but had it not been for an extraordinary location with a high volume of tourist based pedestrian traffic, Sprinkles would not be making it based on the quality of their cupcakes. It is a good thing for them that everyone that walks by this location is transient. The idea is great but this company would not survive on local business alone.The owners are very fortunate that they have been able to ride the coattails of other trendy and worthy cupcake companies. Had the cupcake trend not existed before Sprinkles opened, they surely would not have started the trend themselves, and would have fizzed out within months of opening
3	I can't help but wonder if/when Sprinkles will step up its game.  Sure, like many of the other cupcake establishments that have popped up in the area, they have a pleasant decor and pretty treats to look at, but what about the basic product?  The favor and texture were just average --- nothing a novice like me couldn't whip up at home.  It's a little sad that the lure ends at the packaging.  How about an out-of-this-world cupcake that will make me want to visit again and again?
5	I don't crave cupcakes often but when I do, I go to Sprinkles. Location is great, right off Scottsdale Road and Camelback. Lines can get long though (just means it's THAT good) so I wouldn't suggest coming if you're in a huge hurry. The staff there is really what makes my review 5 stars! Every single person I have ever encountered at Sprinkles is none other than friendly, sweet, accommodating and truly customer service orientated. I've seen some extremely rude, disrespectful people in there and am truly appalled at how they treat these amazing staff members! They will truly go out of their way to make sure you have a good experience so don't treat them like dirt! End rant.So, about the cupcakes. I am pretty sure I have tried most of the flavors (even the seasonal) and would recommend the following: black and white, cinnamon sugar, chai latte, chocolate peppermint (seasonal), vanilla milk chocolate and the bailey's one around St. Patty's day. As you can tell, I like my chocolate! I really haven't had a bad cupcake to be honest. I mean at $3.50 a pop, it better be good! They also sell some of the flavors for cake mixtures in store...mhm!! I also love how they will create a dozen box for you on most special occasions (birthdays, anniversary's, thank you, congratulations, etc.) They also do wedding cupcakes!! For every Sprinkles location I have been to, I have received top notch service and product. The cupcake ATM is also a unique touch too and hope Scottsdale gets one soon! Sprinkles is amazing and you should at least stop once if you haven't already!
3	whoopie!  Cupcakes!  this is really a 3.5 Star rating from me, but I can't give them a 4.I absolutely love Sprinkles cupcakes.  So many options and so little time.  I've been here many times and I will return, many times over.  I generally order a few to share.  they are pricey.  But, so worth the expense.  I will cut right to the meat of why I return.  The Red Velvet Cupcake at Sprinkles is my second favorite RVCC in the Phoenix metro area.  The cake is extremely moist and tasty.  The icing is very close to being a very good cream cheesy icing and the cake itself has a near perfect RVC taste.  This is close to home, so I go here often enough.  I will return.My only complaint about this place is the tight parking situation at the corner of Scottsdale Rd and Camelback.  Talk about a crazy parking situation.  I hate driving my car over there.  but, again, its worth the trouble.  You will enjoy Sprinkles.
4	Overpriced?  Probably, but I'd rather pay more for 1 cupcake than make my own for the same price and have a few dozen cupcakes at the ready (no will-power here).They have cute seasonal frosting toppers (check out some other Yelper's photos to get an idea...). They often have options of which topping you can get on a specific cake, such as the standard dot and plain frosting or a sprinkle option are available for the chocolate cupcakes.Cakes are NEVER dried out like some other places (and admittedly, mine, sometimes).  They give about 4x as much frosting as I like, but it makes 'em look purdy.Staff run this place pretty well, considering how busy they are.  Sometimes there's just a huge mass of folks inside, so it's hard to figure out where to stand to order, and then where to stand while they are packaging up your order so you're not in everyone else's way.Parking is a bit messy; look out for the cupcake-fiending soccer mom in a SUV who doesn't know how to drive to cut you off.  Make it through that obstacle and you'll be on a delicious sugar high in no time.
2	How many people does it take to package 1 cupcake:  1 to write down the order, 1 to get the cupcake out of the case, 1 to put the cupcake in the box, and 1 to ring up the order.  4 people.........for a $3.50 cupcake.
3	I was visiting from out of town and as a sweet tooth, knew I had to make a stop here before I flew out. Managed to make it here on my last morning in town after hiking Camelback. It was pretty early in the morning and they didn't have the free cupcake word of the day on Twitter yet - rats! So I forked over more than a few dollars for 2 cupcakes. They made it through my plane ride home and were good the next day. Nothing super special, but I think the presentation of the shop was really cute.
4	Love the place. I've tried quite a few of their choices for cupcakes and all of them have been quite good. I thought the red velvet cupcakes frosting was a little bit too cream cheesy for me so I definitely regret trying that one and the cinnamon sugar cupcake had no frosting which was really disappointing and was really dry, the top was only covered in cinnamon and sugar which I think in my opinion made it even more drier. The price for the cupcakes are a little bit too high and the place could be a little bit bigger for the line sizes they get and the location.
2	OK, everyone raves about these cupcakes, but I do not get it! For one the price is crazy expensive and the cupcake itself was OK. I tried the red velvet my favorite cupcake and the frosting was tasty without being too sweet, but the cake was dry and fell apart when you try to take the wrapper off. Not going back.
4	I've been wanting to try these cupcakes for forever. Finally, after years living in Arizona, I tried the famous Sprinkles that everyone has been blabbing about. I must say, I am very impressed. I had the Dark Chocolate cupcake and it was delicious, however, eeek! Way too much icing. Also, this place is expensive. 23 bucks for 6 cupcakes...but despite the price, I will definitely be back to try more!
1	Its a decent cupcake but nowhere near the hype it gets. There are much better cupcakes to be had without having to deal with the horrible parking situation and sometimes long lines.
2	The cupcakes are super expensive and I've had much better. The carrot cake cupcake had a strong after taste of nutmeg and cinnamon that overpowered the taste. The red velvet were just off... Can't really explain why... I was super excited to finally try this shop and was very disappointed.
3	Fun stop on our vacation but if I were a local I don't think I would be back often. Pricey for cupcakes but they were cute and yummy. Nothing wrong with the actual cupcake - nice and moist - not too much frosting- just the right amount.
4	Yummm Sprinkles.  You really can't go wrong here.  Every flavor is awesome (though I'm partial to red velvet) and the presentation is cute. I realized this last time that you can get gift boxes with words, where each cupcake has a letter or symbol to spell out a special message!  i.e. "It's a boy" or "I love you", etc.  Great idea.The price is high, so Sprinkles is a rare delicacy.  And although I love Sprinkles cupcakes, there are some local bakeries (and baker friends) who can do just as good, if not better.  That said, Sprinkles never disappoints.Let's just get a move on the cupcake ATM, Scottsdale!
4	I came here from HI to visit, and my auntie (local) told me to definitely try it.  I have been to many cupcake places such as Hokulani Bakery (Winner of cupcake wars) as well as multiple famous shops in NYC and D.C.  I always get Red Velvet, Chocolate and Vanilla to compare.  This shop has beat them all so far.   The cake was moist and tasty.  Frosting tasty as well. Customer service was great and friendly.  Only bad things are the parking, pricing, and the frosting was a bit "heavy" but thats kind of just me being nit-picky.
4	First of all, they rule in the cupcake department, no contest. We all know that, right?I will say that the service in Scottsdale has much improved over the last year. They must have either cleaned house or retrained everyone. My personal fav is the Vanilla Milk Chocolate....mmmm. I also like the fact that they keep things fresh by mixing up the selection instead of having the same cupcakes day in and day out. I asked about the cupcake ATM thing, and they said not yet in Scottsdale...I can dream.The only reason I knocked one star off is because 1) when I went in for my birthday cupcake (after purchasing MANY others), they happily told me that it would cost me 50cents for ONE birthday candle. My boyfriend and I just laughed and paid it, but....really??? And 2) the parking situation is awful. Be careful not to bend your car frame on the big dip down. You may lose a tooth before you can lose it to the cupcakes. lolAll in all, still the best in the area.
2	I get there and am immediately confused. There's a display with cupcakes and a long list on the back wall. Are my choices the ones on display or from the list? I ask. She answers From the list. I order.  She says Not that one. Only the ones on the list with little dots next to them. I order again and use a special verbal code that gets me BOGO. I ordered orange with lemon cream icing. It was good but nothing to write home about. Way too much icing that was way way way way too sweet. I scraped half off and it was better. The place is cute, the parking as horrific. Overall ok, but the menu is confusing. I doubt I'll ever go back.
5	What's not to like!?  Make sure you sign up for the ap and join their facebook page.  They frequently post "secret words".  If you have the "secret word" you get a free cup cake.  Yummmmmmm
5	I can never resist coming here to buy myself a treat when I'm at the Scottsdale Fashion Square.  The cake is always moist and the frosting is delicious.  I recently tried the pumpkin cupcake...it was so good!
1	You can some up the "SPRINKLES" experience in one word: RIDICULOUS!1) Ridiculous Line.2) Ridiculously overpriced.3) Ridiculously tiny, tiny, TINY cupcakes.4) Ridiculously bad taste.5) Ridiculous to go to SPRINKLES instead of just buying from your local grocery store bakery.RIDICULOUS!!!
5	Best cupcakes in the world!
5	The BEST cupcakes ever! And the people working there are always so friendly.
5	Try the margarita Cupcake!!  It's flippin awesome LOL!!
5	Wonderful!  Bought 2 dozen home on the plane for family members. Milk chocolate and white was delicious.  Staff at Scottsdale location was super nicYou
4	There is a reason there is always a line at this place. The cupcakes are awesome!!! 5 Stars for the cupcakes.These aren't silly, overdecorated, super surgery horrors of baked goods that have become popular elsewhere. These are classic cupcakes with an emphasis on quality cakes and frosting. They occasionally have whimsical flavors for seasons or holidays and even those are pretty good. If you are looking for taste and quality and consider a cupcake to just be a small taste of a larger cake, than you should go to Sprinkles.My only complaint, the reason for 4 stars instead of 5, is the service. Its painfully slow. They really need to figure out a better way to serve people. When you are standing in line for a very long time and see people behind the counter moving at a snails pace its very frustrating. They only have to take the cakes and put them in boxes...its not that hard, nor should it take nearly as long as it does.They would probably have twice the business if they could speed it up a little. Every time I'm there I see people leave in frustration. Waiting in line is one thing. Waiting in a long line while the people who work there move like molasses and seem unfazed is another thing.
4	Why isn't this BH chain in Atlanta?? Good God, this place is yummy (and I know good cupcakes, trust me!).  I got red velvet b/c its my standard to judge a cupcake shop by and it was heavenly!
4	Sprinkles is a great cupcake bakery, but it is quite overpriced for a plain, ol' cupcake.  All cupcakes are $3.50 each, regardless of how many you buy.  The staff is very friendly, but if you happen to go right when there is a rush, you might find yourself waiting for a bit.  The store itself is not very large, and when there is a crowd, it can get disorganized.  I almost left today without paying for my purchase because they just handed me my order and assumed some other staff member had handled the pay transaction already!  Nevertheless, these cupcakes make a great gift for friends, coworkers, etc.  They look adorable and taste great too!
5	I love sprinkles.  The Hubs and I treat ourselves to a cupcake whenever we go to Fashion Square mall.  Usually we go on Saturday, and thankfully we do, because on Saturday they have our favorite cupcake, peanut butter chip.  OMG this baby is bomb.com.  You MUST try it.  Trust me on this one.Every time we come, there is a line, but who cares, you get a delicious cupcake at the end.  I've tried many of them and they are all moist and tasty.  I especially love their frosting, which is usually my least favorite thing.  It's always light and compliments the cake very well.  I think the service here is always friendly.  The ladies always seem happy to be dolling out their treats.  As far as I'm concerned, Sprinkles is awesome!
3	Cupcakes are ... A little better than mediocre. I almost feel bad because if they hadnt gotten so much hype I probably would have given them a higher rating... But they didn't live up to their "amazing cupcake" reputation. I probably wouldn't go back because there are so many GREAT bakeries in phoenix.
1	I really don't see what the hype is about these cupcakes. Maybe they are better in Beverly Hills... i honestly don't know. I DO know the Scottsdale locations is overrated and the cupcakes aren't good. It's a pretty spot but I obviously don't spend almost 50 bucks on 12 cupcakes for the look of the place. The only person who liked the cupcakes was my dog. He has the doggy treats... but then again he is a garbage disposal and will eat anything so he is kinda biased. When I went in to pick my cupcakes there was a fly in the cupcake area... just flying around and sitting on most of the cupcakes. I informed her about it and she just threw one away and I'm basically looking like what about the others... (I feel sorry for the next person who came in) That place cost too much money to have flies flying around on the cupcakes and they not be sanitary enough to throw them out and make all knew batches. To top it off the cupcakes were gross, and we ended up wasting half the dozen. I obviously don't eat cupcakes for them to be bitter. If I'm going to intake the calories it better be sweet and heaven like. In conclusion I just don't understand why people are flipping their wigs over these cupcakes. :(
3	I've been eating Sprinkles for a few years now and while I'm always excited to go in, pick out a couple flavors (including a doggie cupcake for my dog), I end up being a little disappointed in the product I receive.The cupcakes are a little pricey, decently sized, and often a little dry with overly sweet frosting. I don't really like the set up of standing in line to pick out a cupcake and then forming a new line to pay, but it is what it is. There are definitely other local bakeries with similarly priced, superior products. If you've never had Sprinkles, I would give it a try for the experience, but I wouldn't make a special trip.
4	The cutest and most delicious cupcake shop in town! They have a vegan, gluten free, and sugar free options as well, which I think taste better than regular cupcakes (because you feel less guilty). The vegan red velvet is to die for. I love how they top their cupcakes with a generous amount of frosting that isn't overwhelmingly sweet and a cute candied letter or shape. I usually come here in the evening after dinner (around 8-9pm), and there is no line.
4	I took my niece to sprinkles once, on a whim, a long time ago.  She fell in love with a vegan cupcake, and we've been going ever since.  They do make a rockin gluten free red velvet cupcake, which is always what I order.  I wish they'd make another gf flavor; ok, maybe I don't.  The last thing I need is more tasty cupcakes to choose from.
4	I have been a fan of sprinkles for some time, and I'm not sure why I have not written a review. The cupcakes are HUGE however you do pay a pretty penny for them. Part of going to Sprinkles is the "experience" and if you aren't really of fan of that then you probably won't rate this place high. The cupcakes are tasty but they are a little on the sweet side. Did I mention that they are huge?! They have select flavors depending on the day but I've never really had a flavor I didn't enjoy. My fav is the pumpkin spice during the fall! Everyone has to try this place at least once!
4	YUMMMMMMY! I love, love, LOVE Sprinkles! I am addicted to their black and white cupcakes. The cake is always so moist and flavorful and their icing is simply to die for! Plus, my pups love their dog treats! :) The only reasons they are getting only 4 stars is simply because they are so expensive, and if you don't go early in the day all the good ones are gone! Boooo! But even the "bad" cupcakes are delish!!! It's a win-win.
5	I personally love these cupcakes with the strawberry cupcake being my favorite! I think they are well worth the price.
4	Ever since the first day that sprinkles opened I was a fan. The cupcakes are always fresh and delicious. The assortment is updated daily and the menu has seasonal goodness. They're a little pricey but worth the cost.
4	Loved it since i had my first sprinkles in Beverly Hills! Too bad strawberry is only on selected days :(
4	My all-time fav is the chai, yummmm!
4	The strawberry Cupcake is my absolute favoriteHonestly I think the whole look and packaging of the Sprinkles cupcakes just add so much...Presentation is the word I am trying to say...The cupcakes just look really nice and scrumptious...and...they are...The cupcakes are a pretty good size of sugar and sweetnessThe cake is great underneath the yummy frostingThe last time I was in the store I saw that they sell the cake mix and frostingand I tried my hardest not to buy itI would be in a sugar coma every day
4	Heard a LOT about this place so had to see for myself. I love sweetdaddys and gigis so I stopped for a midday treat to compare. The selection was fine but nothing too extraordinary. I ordered the peanut butter choco cupcake. It was definitely tasty and I LOVE peanut butter but a little too rich for me and you cant really taste the cake too much. I could only eat half. I would def come back to try another one to see how the others are, just no more peanut butter.
2	Not a good cupcake at all. I don't use a knife and fork on a cupcake ever, so I tried to take a bite of this thing and the entire icing section fell off like snow sliding off a roof. Plus, the one bite destroyed the whole cake portion turning the cupcake into a bunch of crumbles. Cupcake disaster again as that is what you get with mass produced cupcakes. Do you really need to put a sign on the door saying to close your door because it will keep our cupcakes fresher? These cupcakes just don't stay fresh sitting in that cabinet all day. There must be a better way to sell cupcakes to the public because Sprinkles did not cut the mustard. The cupcake was a seasonal Smores with marshmallow icing and graham cracker crumbs. It was inventive, but after attempting to eat this thing, it was totally not worth the $3.78 price tag.
5	Yumm!! Can't go wrong with any flavor, but the classic red velvet is my favorite. I don't usually care for cupcakes but these are amazing, especially the icing. Cake it always moist and never dry
5	Not too many times have I been impressed with cupcakes from bakeries that have been featured on food network- tried sprinkles yesterday. The store was clean, staff was great. The cupcakes were amazing! Had a salted caramel, red velvet and a cinnamon spice. So moist and the icing was perfection. I would definitely buy them again.
3	Ok......what's not to love about cupcakes?? My favorite is red velvet. These are pretty good......not as moist as I prefer, but still very good. Of course the prices are ridiculously high, but for an occasional treat - I say, "Go for it!"
3	These cupcakes have the look of cupcakes that are looked at.They're very pretty in a well-bred Martha Stewart weddings way. They would look fabulous on a tray in quantity and variety.I like the prettiness. I like the restrained hand with the frosting. I like the frosting itself, which is unusual. I like the clerks. I very much like the toys!The cupcake itself is such that, if I made it at home, I'd dub that batch "experimental." This cupcake was having an identity crisis but had not yet fully transitioned to muffin.I'd go back, if I'm right there, as the flavors are interesting, but I wouldn't make a special trip.
4	I never really cared for red velvet until I tried it at Sprinkles. So moist!! I also tried the milk chocolate and mocha which was also very good. Customer service is excellent. Just wish they carried most flavors on most days.
4	Everytime I walk in here, the scent just gives me diabetes haha. Its amzing though, I always try something new and have yet to be dissapointed.
4	Went 30 minutes before closing.  The red velvet cupcakes were quite delish! Totally over priced but the cupcakes were super moist and tasty.
4	We all know that these things are incredible I mean, it's no secret!  These cupcakes are made by angels in the clouds.  They are moist and full of flavor.  I love the dark chocolate and the red velvet.  The only thing I surprisingly don't care for are the HARD candies on top.  The first/last time I bit into one I thought I broke a tooth, it was like plastic.  I actually thought it was plastic until my friend chomped one away.  This location is teeny with very little parking next to the building.  However, it's right across from the mall and it's actually pretty convenient.  It always looks like it's packed by the extremely long lines out the door, but they move very quickly so the line goes fast. The girls working are always very friendly and great at suggesting new flavors.  I called recently to get 12 pack for a friends birthday and they had them done within less than an hour, packed up and ready to go.  I also got a puppy cupcake which her dog seemed to REALLY enjoy. ;)  The Birthday packs aren't too bad about $45 with the puppy cupcake.  They were a huge hit and no one was disappointed. :)This place is delicious and I love sweets.  I will be back, like the terminator.
4	Out of all the high end cupcakes out there, I think Sprinkles is the best by far. Sure - not all of their flavors are amazing, but you can probably chalk that up to personal preference. My favorites are the German chocolate, coconut, dark chocolate and peanut butter chocolate. One thing I can say is that the workers there are all very nice and pleasant. Andrew in particular is AMAZING! He always greets you with a big smile and a positive attitude. I only stop by there every two or three months, yet he remembers me every time. If there are ever bonuses given out at the manager's discretion, Andrew should be the first in line.
3	Very Sweet! We bought four cupcakes to share and try different flavors, chocolate marshmallow was the best!
5	Sprinkles Cupcakes are hands down the best cupcakes around! My favorite flavor has consistently been the red velvet, but as for trying new flavors the smores flavor and black & white are amazing too! Just to comment on some great new additions to Sprinkles - they have a sugar free red velvet and mini cupcakes too!
1	SOO overrated. These cupcakes just aren't good. I keep trying them with an open mind, thinking they'll get better, bc I love cupcakes. Nope. These things are just tasteless pieces of bleh. The women that work there don't have the best customer service skills either. Smile ladies, your face won't break.
2	Wow, these cupcakes are dry, dry, dry!!  Time and time again, they are consistently dry. Clearly they need to drown the things in frosting, or they would not be edible.  If you have a big bite of frosting with a tiny amount of cake, it is ok.  But sad to say, the regular grocery store provides much better quality. I'd save the money and go for dessert elsewhere.
4	I was honestly not a fan of these when I lived in Cali.. but I think it was because I kept getting the red velvet.  Yes that is the cult favorite.. and my boyfriend loved it but for me its a little too heavy and buttery.  I tried their dark chocolate and my gosh.. I have been missing out.  You will see me back here more often... debating to visit the cupcake atm in Cali too, just cause.  I want to try all the other flavors now!
5	The best cupcakes in all of AZ! I'm from CA so Sprinkles is a big deal back home! So delightfully tasty and addictive! If you love sweets, nothing else compares!
5	My children and I are huge fans of Cupcake Wars and Candace Nelson. I love watching her on the show, rating and picking apart other people's baking skills, so I couldn't wait to taste hers! I bought the cinnamon sugar and the vanilla/vanilla, and they were both excellent - I flew a box home to my kids in Florida and they were gone as soon as I walked through the door. It's worth the trip every time I am out in Phoenix. I had no problem with the customer service either - they were as delightful as the cupcakes.
4	Sprinkle's cupcakes are definitely some of the best cupcake's I've ever eaten. They are a little bit pricey, but for me it is worth it. You can occasionally get one that is too sweet or just isn't that special, but if you find a flavor you like I suggest sticking with it. I recommend the red velvet and dark chocolate. SO GOOD. The only reason I am giving 4 stars is because I've gone in there once or twice and received horrible service. normally the staff are really nice and enthusiastic, but every once in a while they are just standing around and don't greet you, or seem understaffed.
3	Cupcakes are good,  nice variety and selection, very unorganized leading to ineffiency which inevitably leads to longer than necessary wait times
4	They're cupcakes... and they cost about 5 bucks each. I wouldn't come here all the time, but they do make a nice "sometimes " treat.For me, the amount of frosting they put on is probably 2x what I'd put on my own, but it isn't that "grocery store bakery" frosting stuff; this is obviously made with higher quality ingredients.I like the dark chocolate and lemon ginger varieties, and there are some seasonal varieties that are good, too (my wile loves the cherry and "the king" is like banana bread with peanut butter frosting.Parking kind of sucks at this location. You're best off parking in the lot behind the chipotle and yogurt shop across the way and walking across the lot than trying to park right up next to the building with Sprinkles in it.
5	I'm so obsessed with Sprinkles....it almost makes me sad because I usually try to give my patronage to the little mom and pop shops and this place is now a chain, but DAMN they have the best cupcakes.  Dark chocolate is amazing, so is peanut butter chip and lemon coconut.  One thing they do right is that they don't put too much frosting on their cupcakes.  Also, their frostings aren't too sweet.  Perfect balance every time!  If you follow them on facebook they'll give you secret words that will get you BOGO or free cupcakes!!! DO IT!
5	Oh my...where has THIS been all my life?!  This is a shop that's only about cupcakes, and they are the most divine I've ever had. (They also have drinks, but...CUPCAKES!!) They're unbelievably moist and delicious! A variety of flavors are available to choose from. My favorites are the red velvet and black 'n' white. They also sell dry mix to make at home, but...take a dozen home!
5	I absolutely love Sprinkles.  I can't get enough.  It is like crack for me.  I just don't get the negative reviews.  The cupcakes are extremely tasty, moist and rich and the toppings are absolutely some of the best I have ever had.  And I try a lot of cupcakes.  The prices are perhaps just a smudge over some other retailers but not too bad and in my opinion, are worth it.  The red velvet is my favorite but I also love the chocolate banana (when they have it) and the carrot cake.  Wait, I actually really love them all.  I have never had a bad Sprinkles cupcake.Oh how I wish there would be a Sprinkles closer to me...oh wait, maybe they are doing me a favor....
5	Delicious!  Cake is moist and the frosting is not overly sweet. The staff is very friendly and even late in the day they had a good selection to choose from. Going back today!
3	I like when employees look happy! Not a fan of marshmallow or the chai tea. The red velvet is also whatever. Hate when frosting is too sweet. I do like black & white though, even though it looks the least pretty. =/ but my favorite by far is the salted caramel. Too bad it's a monthly special because I really think it tastes the best. The wooden forks and knives are so cute too! By the way, expect to pay $4 for each of these little guys. I don't think it's that big of a deal considering any drink at Starbucks is usually $5 and I would have that daily. I only eat a cupcake once in a long while so $4 isn't too steep....especially when you get a flavor you're really happy with :)
3	I will admit, Sprinkle's cupcakes are tasty... some flavors are very tasty... but some flavors are kind of meh (any of the ones with meringue ick). I have been a few times and my main issue is their method of taking orders... it seems somewhat ridiculous to me to order the cupcake, then have them write it down, and then another person delivers it to you.... Why not just hand me the cupcake? So weird. I think it also increases their wait times, because this place's line moves sloooowly. The best flavors I have tried were the Cuban coffee/mocha one (it was on special a month ish ago) and the pecan praline (also a special). That is another thing I find a little annoying is that apparently they have secret flavors they do not post with their other flavors... one day I went in, ordered and was waiting for cupcake delivery (ridiculous), then I heard someone else ask about secret flavors.... well the flavor that they told them sounded better than what I had ordered, but now it was too late and I wasn't going to wait for another 20 min to get this one. Why not just write it on a chalkboard? Maybe they want it to seem more exclusive, but  that isn't very cool. Anyway, this wouldn't be my go to dessert spot, especially because there are plenty of good local bakeries, but it is alright (and I certainly wouldn't say no if someone offered one). PS those sprinkles they put on top of the cupcake are hard as a rock and gross.I get that it's their name but ugh.
4	Went to get some cupcakes today. Our first time there. We were greeted with a smile & big hello as we walked in. The staff is sweet and friendly. They walked us through their cupcakes & they explained the choices to us. We got six different flavors.Couldn't wait to get home to get a big glass of ice cold milk & eat our cupcakes. We shared the key lime. Had a graham cracker crust, vanilla cake, key lime center, with a meringue frosting. It was Awesome!. Also shared the delicious vanilla with key lime...
4	Delicious cupcakes! Right up there with the ones from Magnolia bakery in NYC. The carrot one is moist and yummy. Got a mini one for my puppy and he loved it! Almost ate it whole in one bite!
4	I am not by any means a cupcake connoisseur, however Sprinkles has the best cupcakes I have ever tried. Fresh and tasty and the service is always friendly. Sure they run out of flavors I want to try (margarita), but the ones I have had are great. I haven't found the best time to come to get the rare flavors.
3	Overrated. I was so excited to finally go to sprinkles but my cupcake was so dry. I went two more times to see if it was just an off day but I was disappointed. I wanted to love it but the cost and the taste was blah. I've had better...the cupcakes look really pretty tho & the staff was friendly
2	We've been to Sprinkles a few times now & the cupcakes aren't bad. I personally think there's too much frosting on them & the frosting is always too sweet but the cake itself is normally moist & tasty. Out of the flavors offered, I like the Red Velvet, Banana, Carrot & Vanilla Milk Chocolate the best.Additionally, the store is like a zoo. They aren't very methodical when taking orders; they simply ask who was there first, which when there are only a couple of customers, isn't a bad way to handle things, but when it's really crowded, it gets kind of crazy. If you do go in, make sure you have enough time set aside because even getting out the cupcake(s) to you will take them some time. For the amount of money they charge for one cupcake, I figure to just get something else that's worth my time.
4	Really delicious cupcakes! Make sure to check which days of the weeks they offer each flavor, as it differs by day. Red velvet is a classic here! They are very rich/sweet and the frosting is to die for.
1	Worst cupcakes ever! Dry, dense, mile high frosting that's just super sweet and artificial tasting.The sponge cake is noting short of basic box batter that's dryer than day old hot water cornbread!We've had better cupcakes from street food truckers and home bakers....These so called award winning cupcake bakeries could definitely take some pointers from true bakers that have more creativity and flavor than these over priced and over rated hockey pucks they call cupcakes!!Wake up America "Sprinkles" is not where it's at in terms if cupcakes!
4	A major sweet tooth requires a major sweet treat: Sprinkles cupcakes and its intensely sweet frosting decorated with their signature dot and other cute designs. My favorite flavors include: dark chocolate with sprinkles, chai latte, ginger lemon, lemon, lemon coconut, mocha. I like their cute and lightly wooden-like forks and knives, stamped with the Sprinkles logo. Cupcakes are best eaten on the day of.  If you choose to eat half for whatever reason the cake part will dry out. Do not put in the fridge. Also they sell different flavored cupcake mix,  mini dog treats and other items.
3	I would give this place 3.5 stars mainly because of the price. Cupcakes are good, not great. Although I will say the dark chocolate is pretty tasty.  If it was a bit less expensive I'd probably give it 4 stars. If you have the money and have never had a sprinkles cupcake you should definitely check it out.
2	Super sweet tasking treats, but downright terrible logistics in what should be the simplest ordering/paying process. Do you miss the chaos and counterproductive atmosphere of the DMV? You'll love this place.You walk in, see a cupcake you like, point to it and ask the server for "one of those", he/she takes it out from behind the glass and you pay for it, end of transaction, right? WRONG. That would involve common sense. Instead, after picking out the one you want, they will take your cupcake from behind the glass and go into the back room... why? I don't know. Nobody knows. Meanwhile there are 5 servers behind the counter, and 5 customers waiting in line. You don't get to just pay for you cupcakes, and indulge on your merry way, you get to wait, awkwardly staring at the servers who are staring back at you. wondering where your cupcakes went and why you're waiting to pay. They later return to the counter with your cupcakes neatly placed in a small box for no reason other than to justify the price and waste a little more of your time. Eventually you get to pay for your order and believe it or not you can then eat the cupcakes.  I'm only giving this place two stars instead of one because my friend loves the cupcakes here, and I'm just not into sweets enough to enjoy them.
2	Today I went to Sprinkles Cupcakes for the first time. I will not be stopping by again. I got the Raspberry Cupcake. First thing is first. The store was not hard to find, yet the parking was absolutely HORRIBLE. When I finally found a parking spot and made my way into the store there was a crowd of teenagers in front of me.The store appeared to be somewhat modern and seemed to have a neutral color palate. The ordering process is odd. You go by the display case and pick the cupcakes you want  and they either box it up for you or they put it in a brown paper bag with a wrapper.There was a list of flavors and pricing on the back wall but it was not the easiest thing to read. When I had finally selected my cupcake and paid I could not wait to try the cupcake!Honestly I was not impressed with the paper  bag and wrapper. The cupcake had toppled over and was now laying on it's frosting. But that didn't matter. The presentation was nice.A couple things I noticed when eating the cupcake. The piece of fondant on top was stone hard and non edible. The Raspberry frosting was extremely sweet and hard, the cake was dry and had no taste what so ever. I would have given Sprinkles a three(3) star rating if I was not for the fact that about ten minutes after eating the cupcake (I did not finish it) I began to feel sick.Overall I give it a 2 out of 5.
5	Even though I have never stepped foot into this cupcake shop, I am giving it a 5 star review based on the delectable cupcake I just had the pleasure of eating. It was a raspberry cupcake; moist, sweet, but not too sweet, and just so very delicious! I can't wait to make my way to Scottsdale to try all of their flavors!
5	Sprinkles... we finally found you, the Holy Grail of Cupcakes, and I could not be more pleased!  When we walked in, I was surprised at how small the shop was, but you simply walk up to the case, and a worker comes up to you and takes your order.  She was the nicest girl ever (I wish I caught her name!), answered questions we had about flavors, and got them together quickly.  After that, we took a ticket, went and paid, and she came and handed us our box of deliciousness.  It was a super busy Saturday, but they run that place like a well oiled machine.  We got a cinnamon cupcake, double chocolate, coconut, and their daily special of a chocolate with raspberry filled frosting.  They are pricey, but worth a treat.  We will be back!
4	red velvet is toooo deng good, I opt for the minis simply by preference, but there's a reason they're the most popular cupcake chain in the states
4	Coconut cupcake is hands down my favorite. Worth the visit. Bottled coke was another highlight. Will SURELY visit again
4	Right across the street from Fashion Square, this Sprinkles is in the ideal location to refuel after a long grueling day of shopping.  All of the flavors I've tried are great, but I especially love the mini cupcakes.  They're about 1/3 the size of a regular cupcake, so you don't feel like dying after you eat one.  They're only $2!When it gets crowded, it can get kind of annoying because the cupcake girls will come out from behind the glass and take orders in the crowd. Then you have to finagle your way up to the counter depending on how taxing your order is to make.  Kind of confusing, but I always make it out alive.The only qualm I have about this location is that the parking is really weird.  The parking spots are on an incline so you have to be really careful about backing up or else you might ram pretty quickly into the yogurtology behind you....or another passing car.They were super helpful with my birthday order and included utensils and birthday stickers.
5	I had never actually been to a Sprinkles cupcake store before visiting this one. But I had eaten them and knew what I was in for! I went on a weekday afternoon and there was a line of 3 people ahead of me. The staff were very helpful letting me look at all the flavors. They even have little mini cupcakes there which look amazing! My absolute favorite flavor is the vegan red velvet. I am vegetarian and enjoy good vegan food. These are so moist, I swear they're better than the regular red velvet ones which I'm sure you're asking how is that possible?! Well, they are. And they have a slight coconut flavor to them making me thing there's some coconut oil in there. This last time around we also tried the s'mores cupcakes which had an amazing browned marshmallow frosting on top that looked and tasted perfect. And the carrot cake cupcake with cream cheese frosting which I loved because it wasn't too heavy like some cream cheese frostings. It was a great balance with the cupcake itself. I also got to try the black and white which looked simple but were amazing.  I can't wait to go back and try more flavors!
4	There is an inner Sumo-momma inside of me wanting to devour all things sweet. Luckily for my waistline, I'm vegan, therefore I'm limited. Unfortunately (or fortunately), I'm not limited enough. Sprinkles has a VEGAN cupcake!Alas, a, meaning 1 vegan cupcake flavor, but I'll take it. It's a vegan red velvet, and it is marvelous! Being that I don't cook, it's hard for me to pinpoint key present ingredients, but I can tell you this: the cake is so very fresh, moist, melt-in-your-mouth & rich with flavor. The icing is so perfectly sweet (I like sweet thangs!) and creamy. It's like a vegan cream cheese. And they put an edible red "V" on the vegan red velvets, which I think is just too cute. (The red V has a cinnamon-y candy taste to it.)My DD (non-vegan) loves their carrot cake.They are definitely pricey little things, but they are so delicious that I don't mind going all cupcake-baller status every now and again. I keep begging them to add more vegan options. We shall see.(Side note: the vegan red velvet isn't always listed or shown in the front cupcake case, but just ask the associate. They have always had some in the back when I've asked.)If you get just one cupcake, they'll put it in a bag.  You may ravish that bag and lick the icing from its sides. Fair warning.It's a small location and they do get busy. Like, line out the door and around the building busy.Parking is a pain, any way you slice it, but you could walk here from the Fashion Square mall across the street. (If you plan on going there anyway.)(Advice: do not refrigerate them. If you have extras, keep them room temperature and they should stay fresh for at least 2-3 days, if kept covered.)
2	I love cupcakes and I have know about sprinkles for a while.  It's a give in with my husband that if here is a cupcake place he stops.  We were in Scottsdale and I yell there 's Sprinkles!  There is a small area to park and we were there when they opened so there was no line.  I got a vanilla, chocolate peanut butter, salted Carmel , and there was supposed to be a cinnamon but the music was so loud she may not have heard.  The cake is moist but not very flavorful so that was a little disappointing.  There is a good icing to cake ratio but the icing is super super sweet, maybe to overcompensate for the cake?  Maybe I bought into the hype and expected more.  I would not make a special point to go back.
4	Gourmet cupcakes, what more can you ask for? Their cupcakes are all delicious! I've tried so many different flavors and have fallen in love with each of them! My favorites are red velvet and the banana ones! They're all super moist and just melt in your mouth which is the most addicting part. They put just enough icing on it where it's perfect, not too much to where you're scraping it off but also not too little to where you're wondering where the icing all went. They've perfected the cupcake! Added bonus is that they have doggie cupcakes!! So now every time I come I buy a couple of doggie cupcakes and bring it it home which the dogs all LOVE. We have one in Las Vegas now too, but it's on the strip.....so I avoid it like it's a plague :D I'd rather come out here when I visit friends, always makes for a nice treat for all of us. =]
3	I thought it was a cute cupcake store, a basic concept$32 for 8 cupcakes.  I'd try it once probably not again. I'm sure it's great for cupcake lovers.  Good and friendly staff. I hear they have cupcake ATMs with 24 hour service.
3	I really want to love Sprinkles. Everyone loves Sprinkles, so why don't I? I mean, cupcakes! First and foremost, everything is very flavorful. Sometimes a little too flavorful. However, the frosting seems gritty and insanely sweet. The actual cake part is dry. Then the price for gritty and dry cupcakes? No thank you. There are other places I'd rather go for cupcakes. Yes, they are better than some grocery store cupcakes, but I wouldn't drive out of my way. I think the name sways folks more than the actual product.
4	I love sprinkles but hate the line that is always there. Typical cupcake stand known worldwide and they even have cupcakes for your furry friends. I absolutely love when they have their limited time flavors. The best all the time flavor is red velvet. Look on their Facebook because they sometimes have a special.
2	Reading some reviews about Sprinkles, I agree with two points:- the frosting is too sweet and too much for a cupcake- the cost for each cupcake is too highSo as a place to buy cupcakes is definitely not one of the best, there are other cheaper places with more natural and less sweet flavor. I love cupcakes and so far the only one I enjoyed was the Red Velvet. Other cupcakes were just "ok"...
4	Every time I'm in Scottsdale I have to make a point to visit Sprinkles cupcakes. Known for their Red Velvet flavor, sprinkles have the perfect combination of icing and cake so you get the sweetest flavor with every bite. All ingredients are top of the line with chocolate imported from Belgium and vanilla from Madagascar. There are numerous flavors like coconut, chocolate peanut putter, black tie, cinnamon, peppermint, etc. there are also gluten and sugar free versions available and even doggie cupcakes! Sprinkles has also just incorporated its fort Cupcake ATM!!! Where you can select the cupcake of your choice from an ATM like machine. How cool it that! Sprinkles continues to maintain its trendiness and popularity, all the while keeping high quality and taste In their products. I will be back soon!!
3	No peanut butter anything today :( 16 bucks for 4 cupcakes also a :( but that was expected
5	This review is for the cupcake ATM.  You know when it's late, Christmas Eve and there is a hole in you that only a cupcake will fill?  Sprinkles is there for you with the 24 hour automated cupcake dispenser.  Order using a touch screen then watch your cupcake(s) exit via the camera. Easy, fast, tasty and good quality cupcakes anytime you want.Over $9 for two and although there is a good selection of types (low fat, low sugar, etc) I wish there were more interesting and seasonal flavors. More citrus and fruit flavor would be great.
3	When I have gone to buy a cupcake, it's always busy. I like to treat myself with a cupcake every now and then but the waiting is what I don't like. The red velvet cupcake is my favorite and I'm too chicken to try anything else. The price is ok for a single cupcake, but I'm sure they can lower it a tad. I need to go on a slow day to enjoy visiting the place, also so I can find good parkig.
4	Good thing this place is far from my house. Otherwise, I will be here everyday and be broke. The cupcake that I always get here is the dark chocolate and red velvet. I'm such a big fan of their dark chocolate, it's not too sweet, very creamy and the sprinkles complements the taste of the over all cupcake, I don't know there's something about the sprinkles that amaze me.. The red velvet is the most popular and best seller here. It's very rich, moist and the frosting goes really well with the cake. I love it! They added the ATM cupcake which is good for the late night cravings. I wish they would add the ice cream just like the one in Las Vegas it would be so cool.
