3	This is an ultra-swanky - if not necessarily "classy" - upscale restaurant at the heart of the Strip.  I mean, how can a restaurant located on the landing of a fake Eiffel Tower in an amusement park hotel on the Strip in Las Vegas truly ever be considered classy? It couldn't. Anyhow, my dad, stepsister, her friend and I came here for dad's birthday a few weeks ago because he had always wanted to try it. You ride up an elevator to the restaurant and anti-climactically emerge into what amounts to the kitchen.  The layout of the restaurant is in tiers with booths facing out to the windows and a spectacular panoramic view of the Bellagio and its fountains.  The service is quite attentive, however the head waiter was just a tad bit creepy in his mannerisms and tone.  Now, the food is where this restaurant loses two stars because, although obviously quality ingredients, it just wasn't what you'd expect when you're laying out this kind of cash.  Appetizers were fair: Cynthia is right, the carpaccio is excellent, however, being a fan of fast food, it struck me as glorified Arby's meat.  I dunno. The scallop appie only came with two (for 20 bucks). The surf n' turf consisted of a very good fillet, but topped only with a small amount of baked crab meat, not the lobster tail that one would typically expect.  The sauces were just fair.  My stepsister's friend had the whole lobster, the presentation of which was odd: it was upside down and laid open on the plate, with spinach leaves and mushrooms tucked under the meat. Weird. Everything is a la carte, so you lay out more shells for the side dishes.  The potatoes au gratin were quite good, but the sauteed mushrooms a bit flavorless and gummy.  So all in all, have dinner here if its a super special occasion and someone else (such as dad) is footing the bill.
4	I went to the Eiffel Tower twice in 2 years.  They have a very good seafood platter and their rack of lamb is excellent.  I plan to dine here each trip I take to Vegas.  Oh yeah....awesome views as well...
5	1st Visit:I got invited to the Eiffel Tower Resturant at  the 11th floor of the Paris Hotel for a business function dinner.  The guests are whisked to the restaurant in a glass elevator that takes you to the electric activity of one of the city's top kitchens before being escorted to the dining room, where panoramic views and exquisite cuisine take center stage.  The glittering lights of the Las Vegas Strip appear even more dramatic in the dining room's intimate lighting, and guests are treated to spectacular views of the glorious Bellagio water fountain show across.  Metal framework from the Eiffel Tower dramatically breaks through the restaurant walls and creates a modernized art deco style.The course of the meal is defintely gonna satisfy you with the very, nice desert list.  Highly recommend an experience you'll remember!2nd Visit:Order their Souffls!!! Regardless if the host tells you they take half hour to prepare for those Chocolate, Grand Marnier, Pistachio, Banana, Raspberry or Benedictine Souffls, order it! You'd love it!!! ^^
5	I've been to 3 star Michelins and I was very impressed with the Tower.  Like Rick said, it is basically a restaurant in a theme park; but, the food, ambience and service negate all of that.The blue cheese souffle was not as strong as I hoped it would be; but, still good.  I had the lobster thermidor and it seemed that by ordering that I made the waiter very happy.  We were pressed for time to get to a show so we had to skip desert; but, I imagine it would have been delish.When I tried going here about 3 years ago I was wearing all black tennis shoes (Louis Vuitton mind you) and I was told that "gentlemen are not allowed inside the restaurnt while wearing sneakers."
5	Insane. Was celebrating our engagement with my Fiance. Chef made us a special Chef Choice dinner including five appetizers, three entrees and a special desert decorated with our names in chocolate ganache. Food was superlative from beginning to end. View of the Bellagio water show from our window table was spectacular. A lovely place to celebrate a special event.
3	This place has a gorgeous view of Bellagio's water fountain, and the restaurant itself is quite swanky as well. Be prepared to order more than two dishes per person because the dishes are teensy. My halibut was super dried out and overcooked. But the restaurant is gorgeous, has immaculate service & is a great place for a date or anniversary.
3	The restaurant raises its sun blockers around 6PM/7PM to reveal a summer sun set against Nevada's Rocky Mountain. Construction is going on between the Bellagio and Monte Carlo, and so cranes are also in the picture.The service is IMPECCABLE. Everything was on perfect cue. We did not have to verbalize additional requests. With subtle eye contact and body language, the waiter decanted additional wine and flawlessly poured the wine in the polished wine glasses. He removed the plates in a timely and quiet manner. The highlight was the complimentary dessert tray. My favorite was the grape jelly coated in sugar crystals.Oh, the food? It was alright. The foie gras slice was a fairly generous amount. In its rarity, I had farm-raised sturgeon, which I thought could have been warmer than lukewarm.What really ticked me off was the bathroom attendant who twisted my and my friends' arms for $5 gratuity for a mere three individually wrapped lifesaver breath mints. Turn off.
5	I love their food and the view.  The lamb dish and an apple pie were amazing.Although some people may care, the service and the price is ok to me.
4	I went here for drinks with my family right after I graduated from college. The view at night is spectacular!! I didn't eat dinner here, (yet) but I will update when I do, however the service was great and the ambiance was wonderful, it really made me want to go for dinner, when normally I would avoid it thinking it was a tourist trap. More to come!!
4	Pretty pricey, but always a great place to visit in Vegas.  I went here twice (once w/ a bunch of friends, another time w/ my husband), and had great meals both times.  When I went here w/ my hubby it was especially nice since we got to sit in one of the best seats in the house, with a fantastic view of the bellagio fountains (I asked for it when I booked the place on opentable more than a month before, and I can't believe they actually gave it to me).When I was last there, I had the seared foie gras appetizer, filet topped with foie gras (you can tell I was totally jonesing for foie gras that day), and the chocolate souffle for dessert.  Mmmm...yum.  I know there are probably a lot of fancier and better places in Vegas, but I still think this place deserves 4 stars for a wonderful meal, great service, and an unbeatable view.
4	Situated at the upper base of the mock Eiffel Tower, absolutely gorgeous views from just about anywhere you're seated at this place.I think this is the first French restaurant that I've ever been to. The French may have something against vegans* because there was only one thing on the menu for me to order-the shaved vegetable salad. Good but a little salty-just made me drink more wine.AMAZING service. I was not the least bit shy to ask our server for some type of vegan option. He was incredibly accommodating and did not raise an eyebrow when I told him absolutely no mushrooms. What I was served with wasn't out of this world (perfectly cooked asparagus, red sauce, and something else that was obviously not that memorable because I can't recall what it was).However, the server made up for it by offering to bring me fresh berries when everyone else was enjoying their souffles.*I need to be fair-this place did offer a savory vegetarian crepe that my dad ordered and he said it was outstanding. This is not saying much from a man who ranks his top restaurants as different hospital cafeterias but it did look damn yummy.
5	My review will be a tad biased on this one because my best friend's cousin is the manager here.  We went for her birthday back in April, and got the royal treatment.  Her cousin Val, seated us right by the window and we had a great view of the Bellagio water show at night as well as views of the strip.Like most French food, the portions are small, but everything we tried was delicious, we all sampled different things with no complaints.  The wait staff was very attentive to us and kept bringing us out samples to the table of things the chef had created that night.  After our appetizers, our main meals came and Val added on a couple sides to the menu for us to try.    Sorry I can't remember what we all had to save my life, but all of our main course meals were very yummy and so were the sides!After our main course, we each ordered a souffle for dessert, Val once again hooked us up and gave us 3 more desserts including the gelato sampler, creme brulee,  and this other thing that I forgot what it was called.  Either way, my best friend, myself and her fiancee were completely stuffed by the time we were done there.I definately reccomend this place if you're looking for some fancy French food in Vegas!
3	It's kind of gimmicky dining at this fake Eiffel Tower overlooking the artificial Bellagio lake. The food good, nothing to complain about, but nothing really stood out to me either. I feel that there are many other restaurants at Vegas that would be much more worth it than here.
4	Oooh la la!  Zees es soo Freunch!Madame y Monseiur dined en ze Eiffel Tower!It was soooo Freunch!  Oui!  Oui!Foie gras, sabayon, escargots, truffle... oui, oui!!Stinky Freunch cheezes, oui!!Silly Americans!  I thumb my nose at your general direction...
3	granted the prices are expensive, but what on the strip isn't. a three course meal with a bottle of wine for two will run you $250 - $300. advice: make reservations, come early, and tip the host for the corner table.  if you'd like the souffle for dessert, order it the minute you sit down, the chocolate or grand m. are the best.
5	Went up here just for a few drinks.  One of my friends wasnt dressed appropriately and had to put on pants and a jacket that they have at the bottom of the elevator for such situations.  It made the whole thing sooooooooo funny that it didnt even matter that a round of 4 drinks was more than $50 - the view was awesome
2	I seriously wanted to avoid coming here, and I really should've after reading some not-so-consistent reviews.  But we were celebrating both of my parent's birthdays, and they were insistent on eating at Eiffel Tower.  (oh well, gotta make the parents happy)Ok, well let's get started.  As you get off the elevator, you're immediately presented with the kitchen which is actually kind of cool.  The nice lady walks you to the hostess and so far I'm feeling hopeful.  We get seated immediately in a decent booth, but we really can't see much of a view.  I did specially request a nice view, but that didnt work out so well.  The atmosphere was just ok, and kind of on the loud side.We started off with with the Roasted Foie Gras, White Almond Dusted Sea Scallops and Warm Lobster Salad for appetizers.  The foie gras was good but I've had much better, and the accompanying marinated grapes weren't the best match.  You really need something sweeter to go with the rich flavor of foie gras.  The scallops were cooked perfectly, and the lobster salad was probably my favorite.  At this point you're probably wondering - why 2 stars?  Well, read on my friend...For entrees, we ordered Filet of Seabass, Venison Chop, Surf and Turf Beef Tenderloin, and the Bone-in Ribeye.  The seabass was cooked just right but the seasoning was non-existent.  The Venison was cooked perfectly as well and we were pretty pleased with that dish.  The Surf & Turf Beef Tenderloin was quite a disappointment.  The crab meat was like a dried out crab cake, and although the tenderloin was cooked perfectly, it had no flavor at all.  It didn't even have a nice char, which definitely makes a good steak.  The ribeye was probably the best entree of them all.  Nice and juicy and actually seasoned well too.  We also had a side order of scalloped potatoes which was a total waste of money.  At this point the food has been just OK and if you look at the prices, it's really not worth it at all.  But I guess it is Vegas and almost all of the high end restaurants are at least $40 per entree (easy).  Am I just spoiled with the quality and service of San Francisco restaurants?  I haven't yet mentioned anything about service yet, but it was just ok at this point.  Nothing like the Dining Room at the Ritz in SF, and our server seemed way too busy with another table that he really didn't come to check up on us at all.  The rest of the staff was fairly attentive, but I would expect way better service for a restaurant like this. Ah yes, dessert.  My absolute favorite course of any meal.  I'm hoping that my opinion of the restaurant will change with dessert.  Of course like everyone else, we did get suckered into ordering a souffle at the beginning of the meal, so that was already on its way.  So we wait, and wait, and still no dessert menu.  Someone finally brings us new place settings, but still no dessert menu.  Do they not have a dessert menu?  We can't even find our server because he obviously has way too many tables.  Someone finally brings our souffle, and at that point we asked him for dessert menus.  He says he'll bring them right away....yeah right.  The souffle was delicious I must say, and they were kind enough to bring out complimentary desserts to wish my parents a happy birthday.  But where's my dessert menu??! ! At some point I just gave up because I was so annoyed.  Now you know why I give Eiffel Tower Restaurant only 2 stars.By the end of the meal, I am annoyed that we have a huge bill to pay and we got a less than satisfactory fine dining experience.  I'm really wishing that I had just made reservations at Picasso in the Bellagio or at Guy Savoy instead.  I could've even just gone back to Delmonico's, Michael Mina, Bouchon, Fleur de Lys, all where I've had way better experiences than this.  In conclusion...Food=3 starsAmbiance=3 starsService = 1 star (pretty much non-existant)Dessert=1 star (for not ever bringing me a dessert menu)Which averages out to 2 stars.
5	You take an elevator from the casino floor up to the mid-section of the Eiffel Tower. We got one of the best tables in the entire restaurant! We sat by the window and was dead center for the Bellagio Fountain shows. I think we saw the show about nine or ten times. The only thing missing was the Bellagio music. The food was excellent - I got the Beef Wellington with ratatouille.  The souffles were PERFECT! OMG the souffles were so freaking yummy I was scraping the bottom of the dishes. You must get it! I had Gran Marnier and pistachio. I'm drooling.Make reservations. Dress up. A lot of the men were with suit jackets and women in cocktail dresses.
2	I heard this place was going to be one of the best places to have a romantic dinner in Vegas. After having dinner there, I do not want to go back again! The service was terrible! Maybe it was only us, but there were many things wrong. I have to blame most of my horrible experience on the waiter (who was the oldest man there!). He asked us in the beginning if we wanted their chocolate souffle, and told us that it would take about 30 min-1 hr to make, so he recommended us to order it in the beginning. So, we did. We waited a long time for our main entrees of salmon and filet mignon, but we didn't mind since my boyfriend and I were watching the Bellagio water show almost every 15 min there. I also ordered some scallops that were pretty good for an appetizer. At any rate, a couple behind us arrived 15 min after us, but were served before us. We found out later, as they stopped to eat their food, that they received the wrong order. It was ours, since I overheard them mentioning their sides. It just happened that they ordered the same main entrees as us. The waiter brought it back to the kitchen, and later brought it out (I know it was reheated in the kitchen) and gave it to us! I know this because my dish was overcooked and my side was on my plate! Horrible! Not only did they get our main entrees wrong, but the dessert didn't come until an hour after our main entree was finished! The waiter kept telling us it would be coming out, and blamed that the oven was broken (when in reality....he FORGOT that we ORDERED IT!). There was nothing really special about the dishes. I definitely would not go back there again, especially if that waiter is there! I know this restaurant has a long waiting list, but it was not worth the wait in the end.
3	This restaurant did not impress me at all. My boyfriend and I had dinner here along with my cousin and her boyfriend and had a reservation next to the windows. When we got there, were were taken to the elevator and once we were taken up and into the restaurant, the first thing you see is the kitchen and the cooks. Uhh...not so romantic?? I was a little annoyed that we did not sit next to the windows like we asked, of course I didn't want to make a big fuss over it. The only view we saw was the blue Paris balloon sign and a little of Bellagio. Again, not impressive. My cousin and I ordered a chicken dish, and the BF's ordered fillet mignon. We also ordered mash potatoes on the side since the dishes did not come with anything but the meat itself. Once our dishes came out, like typical French food, the portions looked like they were meant to be eaten for birds. The fillet mignon was soooo tiny and mind you this dish cost $68 and each side dishes was $8. My chicken was "organic and grown on a special farm" so this explains why it was $38??? The only thing I enjoyed was their desserts. They were absolutely delicious! We had the White Chocolate Banana Elyse and the Raspberry Napoleon, Vanilla Blanc Manger. They had a beautiful presentation, so pretty to eat. Altogether as a group we spent $400 something including drinks and tip. Don't get me wrong, I don't mind paying a lot of money for a great dinner, but this was not a great dinner! Sorry, I will never return!
4	You have to wear a suit jacket and make reservations. This I don't appreciate but you know some people enjoy it. You will come out of an elevator and be in the kitchen. I am told this is common for french restaurants. You have to make a turn to get into the restaurant which is dark with lots of windows. Get a window seat.  The waiter will  call you mam or sir.  The service is not that slow and they put some kind of memorable sauce in the dishes. Food was tasty and they have a good wine selection but not enough syrah...some bordeaux........They have some desert they light on fire too. I forget what is called now...fun...pricey though dinner for two was about $275.
5	So this is the second night of my friends quater life crisis and also the eve of his birthday.  So of course we end up at the Eiffel Tower Restauarant.  First off you take an elevator up to the restaurant and you head towards the kitchen.  Then to the dining room that over looks the strip (it's not as high as you would think).  We get a table over looing the strip (nice).  Our server comes and asks if we would like to order a bottle of wine, and I said yes of course.  A sommelier comes by and asks what are my preferences.  I don't like reds, nor do I like dry whites.  I said I like the sweeter and fruitier variety.  She comes back with this Sauvignon Blanc I forget what but it had lychee in it.  Oh my God!  The best wine I have ever had and I'm a fool for forgetting the name.  We get our choice of breads and we ordered our food.  I got the Lamb Chop with escarole and potato puree.  MMMMM the sauce that came with it...I would have drunk it till I drowned.  we also ordered Scalloped Potatoes, Mushrooms, and Asparagus with Lemon Jus to share.  All great sides with my meal.  My friend ordered the Steak Au Puoive and was delicious the peppercorn sauce was not as over powering as I would have thought.  Friend number 2 ordered the Chillean Sea Bass with Roasted Vegetables- probably my least favorite but it was still good.  Friend number 3 Pan Seared Chicken with Meyer Lemon Jus and Hari Cot Verts- really good chicken was moist, nothing spectacular though.  Friends number 4 Roasted Wild Salmon with balsamic reduction and roasted figs- interesting dish, lots of flavor, but I have to say I would have enjoyed it a lot more if it was prepared with a different type of fish.  Dessert?  My friend got a shot glass with a Cappaccino Mousse along with chocolate caligraphy saying Happy 25th Birthday!  Forever tormenting his demise of turning 25 in his quarter life crisis.  That alone made this dinner worth it. Total= 475.46 plus we tipped the sommelier nicely on what was simply the best wine I ever had.
3	Just to let you know, most of the restaurants I've been to have a drive through, so fancy pants places really don't impress me. The hope is that the food is good, the service excellent, yadda yadda.And in my book, this place is just okay -- especially considering the prices.First off, we didn't really make reservations, so they sat us away from the windows facing that way cool Bellagio water show. The date asked about it, and the fancy-pants hostess make some comment that was like "oh, those seats are for reserved guests." Okay, whatever, you lose a star for not seeing a couple that was willing to pay for the place.Now I actually thought the walk past the kitchen was cool, because it was SPOTLESS. Not bad. You get back part of a star.The service was pleasant, but I thought a bit over-frenchified like they were trying too hard to be French without them being French. If you have a French restaurant and you expect people to pay $90 a person, they better speak French. You lose another star, my friend.The duck was a bit "tough", and figuring this was a fancy pants Paris restaurants, you would think that the duck would have been better. The venison was good. The date had a souffle. It was cool how they poured the sauces in, but the souffle wasn't "top notch."Nice place? Sure, can't beat the view, it you get one of those tables.Would I go back? No. This is one of those enforced fancy restaurants for the masses -- bring in the celebrity chef to create a menu, and serve high priced average food to people that don't better.
5	Okay, I just have to say that if anyone gave this restaurant less than 5 stars then that is because they were in the casino gambling and were depressed because they lost the money that they were going to use on dinner. LOL :) This is my absolutely positively favorite place to have dinner in the United States! (Sorry, the restaurant in the real Paris are to die for and no comparison but let's focus on U.S.)Every time I fly to Vegas I just have to have dinner here. We definitely get the royal treatment. The view is stunning. If you make reservations around 530pm, hope that they seat you at the window and you can watch the sun setting while the water show is playing at The Bellagio and sipping on some wine. The wine is a bit pricey, but they have some reasonably priced bottles. (Look for Justin's Vineyard from Paso Robles-Cabernet Sauvignon) I think is was about 60 bucks (grt price for that particular restaurant) and the wine is excellent. Try the Filet Mignon and the Asparagus in a carmelized butter sauce. Ok, I am getting hungry now.
4	My friend and I spent well over $200 on lunch here including the very good wine. Yes you too can spend $200 on lunch if you should feel the desire. The service is near unmatched and superb, however the some of the food is not quite worth the price. This is another example of hype in vegas, but I will say that over all it is a wonderful place to go if you have the money to spend. the wine list is probably top five in Vegas so it's really more of a reason to stop by. I must admit that I personally took great pride and got far too much joy out of crumbling bread onto the table while no one was looking, just to see the buss boy attendee come running with his tiny crumb cleaning tool. I seriously did that like three times, (he he he). CHAD
2	My sister and I had dinner here last night (on her company's dime, thank god) and were hugely disappointed.  We sat near the window...with barely a view of the strip.   It's really not that high up, so I wasn't incredibly impressed by the view people keep yapping about.  If you want an amazing view, I suggest the Top of the World restaurant at the Stratosphere instead.  For ambiance, I'd give it 4 stars.  It was nice although sound from other tables really carries well.  Let's talk about the food since that's the most important part about the experience.  Ok, for a place this expensive, I don't expect good.  I expect damn good.  And damn, it wasn't good.  For bread, it was typical crusty baguette, multigrain, or sourdough.  Nothing to write home about.  To start off, the menu had enough choices, but we didn't see anything that really stuck out.  Yes it's a fancy French restaurant, so I expected to not know what half the words meant, but come on, you don't have to make the menu sound so pretentious!  Anyway, as an appetizer ($20), the escargot was quite nice, better than Mon Ami Gabi downstairs and was much better than either of our entrees: Wild Red Snapper & Duck 2 Ways.  My fish was light and delicate, cooked in grapeseed oil.  It was served over really buttery swiss chard, onions, and broccolini.  For $40, I expected my taste buds to be dancing and begging for more.  They weren't.  My sister's $40 duck was (as the named implied) cooked 2 ways...confit (fancy way of saying fried) and roasted to a medium rare.  The confit lacked favor and moisture.  It was definitely over cooked.  I prefer the duck hanging in the windows of Chinatown hole in the walls over this any day.  The roasted duck was better...although a little too rare for my taste.  It was served over a mix of wild rice, braised turnip and other fancy stuff I can't pronounce.  It tasted fine but again I wasn't jumping up and down.  We also ordered  a side of the sauteed wild mushrooms, which were yummy.  But not worth 9 bucks.  We skipped dessert because nothing sounded that appealing.  Service was your typical upscale restaurant service...nice, prompt, but unmemorable.  If I had actually paid for the meal, I would feel totally ripped off.  I've had my fair share of nice fancy restaurants with spectacular views, but this place is needs to work on making it's food more approachable and frankly, good. Overall, I think the place itself is nice...especially for a special outing, but for the food and the price you'd pay for it, go elsewhere.
2	I did NOT enjoy myself here at all. Not every seat in the house has a good view. Service was spotty at best. they ask for your CC number to make reservations and will charge u if you dont show up.... after being seated in our seats with no view i wanted to leave but feared being charged.I dropped over 230.00 for dinner for 3 and felt ROBBED small portions!!! to say the least. food was a 6-10bartenders were not friendly and rather talk among them selfs than serv.If i were to do it again i would just go there for Drinks look around and Leave don't give this place your money.
5	I love Paris, I also love the Eiffel Tower- so when I was in Vegas for the first time and the Family I was with needed an idea for dinner- I suggested reservations at The Eiffel Tower Restaurant. While a bit pricey, it is definitely worth it. The view we had was AMAZING (Belliagio light show allll night), the food was good, and ambiance *magical*.I feel it was perfect for the group we had, and probably also for couples, I wouldn't come here with a bunch of Girlfriends though.
4	Eleven guys in Vegas for a bachelor party/weekend.  We entrust one of them to pick a place for our one nice dinner there.  We figure he'd choose a nice steakhouse.  Instead he goes with French... Odd choice but since the bachelor was fine with it we all agreed.  To me, French restaurants present an atmosphere of romance and a classy dining experience.  Not a place where guys can get rowdy, stuff themselves, and down some beer.  We just had to be on our best behavior.Despite my reservations, I had a wonderful dining experience.  Our menu was laid out in front of us.  I believe it was a pre-fixed menu or perhaps my friend chose the courses.  We started with White Almond Dusted Sea Scallops, Potato Galette, and Tarragon.  Scrumptious.  Up next, Romaine Lettuce and Poppy Seed Tuile.  ::chomp::chomp::  Done.  My buddy Andy sitting next to me doesn't eat veggies.  "Hand it over buddy!" Our main course - Surf and Turf - Beef Tenderloin w/ Lump Crab Crust.   Highly recommended.  We paired our meal with a 1.5 L bottle of Zinfandel.  Lastly, the Creme Brulee was just okay.  A bit too sweet even for a sweet tooth like myself. Portions were bigger than what I expected for a French restaurant.  Service was excellent.  Our server was attentive and patient.  I hadn't even paid attention to the view.  I was too busy eating and jib jabbering.  HOWEVER, my friends and I nearly had a coronary when the bill arrived.  The breakdown came out to $170 per person...  OUCH.
4	Ambiance = 5/5Food 3/5My group and I got seats right next to the window that oversaw the Bellagio Hotel. Amazing view! The servers all wore 3-piece suits which was very classy.The food was pricey and not very good. I think of it as us paying for the view. I shared a steak and lobster, which were both...just okay. The only thing that is really worth mentioning is their chocolate souffle - it was the best souffle I've had to this day. I would go back for the view and the dessert. :)
4	My gf and I had one of the most romantic dinners here.  The view is fantastic and make sure to request a table close to the window.  All the reviewers have already mentioned the spectacular view esp with the Bellagio fountain light show, but keep in mind that they will stop the show if it gets too windy (and it gets windy in vegas all the time).  The food is good.  We had the froe gras which was good (but not as good as I expected) and I had the rack of lamb which was very yummy.  My gf has the filet mignon which was cooked to perfection as well.  Their souffle is good and it has so many flavors to choose from (Chocolate, Grand Marnier, Pistachio, Banana and more).  Their wine list is very extensive and very reasonably priced I thought.  This is one of the few restaurants that server one of my favorite "cheaper" cab that I like (Justin's Orphan)
3	The drinks were great. Expensive, but worth the price. The view was great, but the food...eehhh...not so impressed. Expected more at those prices.
5	(Jan/ 2006)A birthday dinner on top of the world?-- beyond words. The restaurant was gorgeous and no matter where you are seated, you get an amazing view of the strip and the Bellagio hotel. Sit by the window, like we did, and you'll catch the Bellagio's water show while you dine.Our dinner was superb! The Char Broiled Filet Mignon accompanied with mashed potatoes-- mouth- watering good! For dessert, can you believe they make souffles 6 different ways? We've never had banana souffles so we went for it. Definitely one of the most delicious and memorable dessert we've had.
2	"That's it?" These words started - and ended - the night.The first time it was said because I had a dumb moment. Stupid me thought the restaurant would be at the very top of the tower. I realized that wasn't true when the elevator ride up to the restaurant was all of 5 seconds. Kinda took the magic of Paris away.What I was also hoping was that the food would be better. If it's any consolation, the escargot was great. It was my first time eating this dish, and I really enjoyed the textures that came through. Well done. The "warm" lobster salad came out COLD and it was also quite bland. It also was difficult to eat. Do NOT order it. The rest of our food was overcooked and overseasoned. My seabass was dry, and my boyfriend's ahi tuna was practically cooked all the way through. He wasn't too happy with this and even offered his two cents for my Yelp review (which he never usually does). Salvation came at the end of the meal in the form of creme brulee. At least the French really know their desserts. In spite of all this, the service was very attentive and superb. They deserved their tip that night.My advice is that if the view of the strip and Bellagio fountain show really matter all that much to you, then go ahead and have dinner here. But if you really want the main event to be your food, take your money elsewhere.
3	The best things about this restaurant: The Bellagio Water Show and the Raspberry Souffle. This is classic continental cuisine. It is good but I like a fresh, new take on food.I had Redfish and it was outstanding. MY SO had the Beef Wellington. Not my cup of tea, but she loved it.
5	Surprised my husband with dinner here for his birthday.  Fabulous view of the Las Vegas strip.  We lucked out and caught the only Bellagio fountain show of the evening - due to high winds.  The only thing that bugged me was that in this classy restaurant, there are still those people who don't even try to dress up a little.  Ripped jeans and a tank top?  Come on.  Don't mind me - that's just a pet peeve of mine.Dinner was excellent.  Any time there's escargot on the menu, you know it will end up in front of me.  YUM!  Dinner consisted of steak for both of us.  Filet Mignon for me, bone in rib eye for him.  Both were cooked to perfection and topped with potato gratin and sauteed mushrooms.  We were stuffed, but no birthday is complete without dessert.  Somehow we managed to down a Grand Marnier souffle and the apple strudel before rolling ourselves to the casino.
4	Superb service, fantastic view of the Bellagio's Fountain, and great food all add to a good afternoon lunch.  =)  The creme brulee was awesome.  Definitely recommended on a nice sunny afternoon to enjoy a tremendous view of the better part of the strip.
4	i'm not really a fancy restaurant type but we had a special occasion to celebrate and we had some nice clothes in the luggage.in short, expensive but worth it.  the food and service were top notch and the views of lv spectacular.  the creme brule was unbelievable - but share a single portion with your date or you might go into a coma.this is a great place for a date.  despite the tightly spaced tables, the clever use of spot lighting made our table seem very private and cozy.plus the expensive menu keeps out the white trash ;)
5	Romantic?  A resounding YES!  Tables for two around the perimeter, all with beautiful views. The service was impeccable, our waiter very knowledgeable and friendly, but not so friendly as to be annoying.  The dinner itself was delicious, dessert was amazing and the ambiance was exactly what we had hoped for.  Worth every penny.I've said it before, yet I feel it bears repeating - leave your children at home, this is a place for adults.  Nothing spoils a beautiful romantic dinner like children too small to behave or appreciate fine dining.Guys, you should suit up for this restaurant.  A lovely place to dress up for, enjoy the food, gaze at the fountains across the way, hold hands across the table and sip a martini.  Everything I expected and more!
4	Been here 3 times.  The first 2 times were excellent, but the 3rd time was a little disappointing.  This was due to the consistency in the taste of the food and the service.  Probably the most expensive meal I've had in my life though.  Dinner for 2 ran me anywhere from $200 - $250 depending if alcohol was involved or not.  Was it worth it?  I think so.  This is one of those restaurants where they offer just more than good gourmet French food.  Ordered their rack of lamb all 3 times, and even though I felt that it was on the salty side, it may have been that salt that brought the flavor out.  The meat was cooked to perfection.  Their scalloped potatoes al gratin and their creamed spinach were excellent, but all a-la-cart so that's how the final bill became so pricey.  Their service was impressive to say the least and I felt we had our own personal waiter.  Very attentive.  The ambiance is very upper crust and romantic, but I didn't feel uncomfortable one bit.  The best thing about this place is the view.  Spectacular views of the Vegas strip and we literally had a front row seat of the famous Bellagio water park so we has some pretty nice entertainment to go along with dinner.  Felt like I was on top of the world!  This is a must go to restaurant if you're trying to impress a date and want to have one of those unforgettable evenings that should of course stay in Vegas.  :)
5	I've been here twice for dinner, once for lunch, and I'm torn between which is better. Ambience: Everything about the ambience is great. From the fancy elevator ride up through the to-scale Eiffel Tower to the open kitchen to the beautiful romantic views of The Bellagio and it's famous fountain show, this was unbeatable. Service: We've always gotten great service here. The waiters are charming and unobtrusive. The food is served at perfect temperatures and the presentation is always beautiful. Thankfully, the beauty of the food matches the delicious tastes as well! Price: Yes, it's pricey, but oh so worth it! If you're going to splurge one tine for a meal in Vegas, this is the place to do it!Food: Let's get down to business. The food is awesome. And for a French restaurant, this place is neither "overly French" in that uppity manner, and the food is ripe for any palate, although, yes, the portions aren't huge. The foods are very flavorful though, and don't require large portions; in that true French fashion, the food is rich and luxurious in your mouth.  I'd recommend you try something completely new for you, be it the escargot, the foie gras, or even just something fancy that you can't pronounce. And don't forget dessert! Seriously, every single dessert is heavenly!
3	Warning!! There is a dress code for men...pants and socks required.On a whim, with a friend, we decided to go to the Eiffel Tower Restaurant inside the Paris Hotel and Casino. No reservations, but pouf! A dress code. And, while not inexpensively dressed by any standards, my friend was showing an alarming amount of shin and toe cleavage. Luckily, the reservation manager was well-prepared and had tuxedo pants loaners stashed under his table, plus a large cache of black socks.So, my pal pulled on the pants over his shorts, and put socks on with his, O-MI-GOD, sandals. Quelle horreur!! La scandale!!Anyhoo, we were seated right away, up against the window overlooking the Paris balloon and the Bellagio waters. With the setting sun in our eyes, we had a spectacular view.The service from our waiter, Oliver, was 90% fabulous. He went MIA toward the end, but had been flawless until that time.But, that brings us to the food. The appetizers and sides were delicious. The main courses, not so much. A bit dry and drab. So, my recommendation would be to do a series of appetizers and side dishes (the entrees are a la carte, naturellement), and save room for dessert!
5	DELICIOUS!!!  The ambiance is wonderful and it overlooks Bellagio's water show which happens every 15 minutes or so.  For starters we had the foie gras (hot) and it was perfect. I had the duck and it was amazing. My husband got the steak and he said it was one of the best steaks he's ever had. That is a bold statement coming from a steak lover who eats a lot of steak! We ended the night with a chocolate  souffle which was a perfect end to a perfect meal.  I've been to many fine dining restaurants in the city, and this is one of my FAVS....
3	I was here on valentine's day so we had the pre-fixed menu. Meal was overpriced because it was valentine's day. Nothing was really good. Maybe that's because they have to do things in bulk. The portions were small, but I didn't finish anything because it wasn't tasty.  We were still hungry afterwords. Still, we sat right by the window and the view was incredible!
4	When one of my fiance's students invited us here for dinner, I wasn't expecting much. I thought it would be all show, no substance on the food. I was surprised by the food quality. It was a quick dinner, but a nice one. The view was fan freaking tastic. Loved seeing the water show from that angle.. can't beat it. I had the ahi tuna. It was superb.. small bite sized pieces prepared perfectly in a citrus/soy sauce. They were surrounding a yummy potato cake and a spinach salad of sorts. YUM. Fiance got the duck and loved it as well (I stole a bite.. totally delish).  The free "mini" desserts at the end were great and reminded me of the mini desserts you always get in Paris when you eat there.-1 star as prices are high plus I didn't try enough things (it was a short dinner consisting of main courses only) to really test out everything. I'll update once we try it again and try some appetizers and desserts.
5	This place is AMAZING.  I go there all the time.  Service is always awesome and the food is out of this world. The souffle is a must have.  Everything melts in your mouth.  The meats are always tender.  Just be aware that when you buy your entree it does not come with sides.  You have to purchase them separately.  This restaurant is an expensive, nice restaurant but it is soooooo worth it!!!!!!  I even loved it more than restaurants in Paris.  The chef's really put their every effort into the food.  The vegetarian dish is not that great, that is the only dish that I didn't care for.You have an amazing view of the water show at the Bellagio.  The ambiance is perfect.  It is a great place to propose to your girlfriend!!
2	Food fancy and you can see them cooking. The view entirely depends on where they seat you, however. If you come here just for drinks, you won't see the fountains very well. Also, the drinks are hella expensive and not too special. A mixed drink runs you $16-22 - same for glasses of wine. I had the Bubbles and Sparks, and it was terrible. If you get fruit juice, it's only $5-7 per glass, but it's mostly ice.The waitstaff is super friendly and the atmosphere is chi-chi, but come here to eat, not to lounge.
5	Part of me feels like fine dining should be transcendent and have this major WOW factor. By nature I want to hate places like this... in a hotel, overpriced, etc.. but I can't fault them on anything, really. They have a large varied menu of solid French food. Rabbit? check. Duck? check. Foie Gras? check. Also a huge array of fish. If you're looking for a run of the mill "nice" dinner that won't disappoint and would appeal to anyone, this is your place. Awesome view, awesome ambience, and although pricey, the food is solid. Not 'omg this is the best food I've ever tasted', just solid and predictable and good. Sometimes you don't want noveau California cuisine.. you just want something reliable and tasty.I had the seared foie gras, and I got the ahi tuna I had last time again. Both incredible. Dessert was a pistachio souffle. They get points for originality on that one.. plus the flavor was awesome. After eating at some of the more edgy places in town recently (Cut, Strip Steak, Shibuya, Little Buddha, etc) and being disappointed.. this place is 2/2 on fabulous experiences.
5	Excellent but accessible French food can be difficult to find.  The best places are often mired in complex and difficult to decipher menu description and/or ruined by stuffy service.  The more accessible places can easily dumb down the food resulting in bland food covered by thick, heavy sauces. The Eiffel Tower restaurant strikes a remarkable and enjoyable balance by preparing many traditional french dishes, but explaining them in an enjoyably simple - but not dumbed down - manner and avoiding too many exotic ingredients that would turn off the average diner (escargot are not in every dish...). As what may be an "above average" diner though, the menu, food, service, and atmosphere were all excellent.  It was a special occasion meal for us, being the anniversary of our engagement under the Eiffel Tower (the real one in Paris) while we were on our honeymoon.  My new bride was a little wary of going to an all-French restaurant, but found plenty to choose from.  All our food was excellent, from start to finish.  The sauces were rich and silky, but never heavy and smothering.   Service was excellent, with the entire staff from the elevator operators to the busboys providing elegant, dignified service.  As for atmosphere, it is a dark, classy restaurant with small white linen-covered tables. The view can be amazing - it is right across from the Bellagio hotel and resort and has a front row view of the fountain shows. Not a cheap place for dinner, but highly recommended for a special occasion event.
4	Y'know the fact that I was almost an hour late yet the hostess was willing to save my table for me when I called should give them the 4 stars. But it was the excellent food! I had the warm lobster salad that melted in my mouth and the lamb which was so delish! Service I hate to admit was too slow but the food made up for it and the fact that they didn't give us any attitude made me very happy. I would definitely go there again and again. Hubby had the foie gras and it too was freakin good. Eiffel Tower you rock~!
5	The view and the food are among the best... second perhaps only to the miX at Mandalay. While I had eaten a very expensive and paid for by a business partner dinner here a few years ago, this time I opted for a much more reasonable (by Vegas standards) lunch with my wife. She couldn't have been happier with the view of the Bellagio fountains, and I couldn't have been happier with my lunch of foie gras with duck prosciutto and butternut squash soup.
4	I always have trepidations whenever I eat at a restaurant whose main attraction is that its inside a major attraction at altitude.  It seems that half the value of the meal is on the view (in this case, the Bellagio water show), and it's at the expense of the service or the food.I was delightfully not disappointed on either count by the Eiffel Tower Restaurant.  Highlight of the evening was our indulgence in a delightful chocolate souflee (order at the beginning of the meal, 30 minutes to prepare).  The wine list is probably too large for your average tourist to comprehend, but our waiter was patient as a trained dog in helping my godmother choose a wine from the list in the dim light.Their bar also knows how to make a fantastic sidecar with bourbon.  Got me hopped enough to play a spin of roulette (Won $10 on black).Service was a bit slow in mid-meal, but I give our server high marks in geniality.
5	Great food and a great view. We were seated way in the corner facing the Paris pool, but we still had a view of the Bellagio fountains. I hadn't anticipated that a restaurant up in the tower would have food as good as it did. We ordered the tasting menu which included warm lobster salad, cream of celery soup, sturgeon and venison. They were all delicious! I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for a romantic dinner destination.
4	pretty great for the price plus view, like everyone else has said. the menu is very detailed, which i prefer. i had a good sense of what my food would be, and the server was helpful in describing things i was less familiar with (like pheasant).The amuse of cheese puffs (whose fancy french name escapes me right now) was perfect - light with a hint of fennel (i think it was fennel) and great.  Crispy Michigan farmstead Artisanal Camembert with Almond Apricot Petite Salad was our appetizer - would've been better wrapped in puff pastry instead of wonton skin, but it was a great bit of cheese and the accompaniments were sized and paired well.I had braised short ribs as my main, and my goodness were they rich.  the fat hadn't quite melted down the way you'd want it to, so i found myself eating around it a lot, but the portion was big enough that i felt like i got plenty of meat, despite leaving quite a bit. the chestnut spaetzle was probably fine - i didn't care for the texture, but i think that's more me than how they cooked it.  my friend and co-worker loved her surf and turf - i tried the turf offering and it was definitely among the butterier, tastier tenderloins of my recent memory.  Chocolate souffle was a little much richness on top of everything else, but somehow, we managed to eat it all :) the coffee was also rich and fantastic, and came with those raw sugar lumps that i just want to dump out of the bowl and into my pocket for later.  the bill was not unreasonable for what we had once you take the view and service into account.  very lovely meal.
4	We ended up having dinner here because we had originally reserved at Lutece and they cancelled our reservation at the very last minute without warning because they decided to do a private party in there.  (Don't book at Lutece, kids, unless you either know the owner personally or you want to take a chance on your reservation that was made two weeks previously  getting suddenly cancelled a few hours before dinner.)  I was a little nervous to eat at the Eiffel Tower because the idea of a restaurant on top of a fake Eiffel in Vegas seemed awfully touristy-Disneyland rather than the nice, elegant dinner we wanted to have, but we didn't have a lot of options given how late Lutece pulled the rug out from under us.  We were pleasantly surprised by how nice the dinner and the service were at the Eiffel Tower.  Our table had a nice view of the Bellagio fountain.  We had the tasting menu, which was good, and a lot of good (not spectacular, but definitely well above average) food.  The overall dining experience was very pleasant.  My only complaints were (1) it took a really long time for them to bring the next course from time to time, which was a little weird as the restaurant was not that full at the hour we went, so this isn't a place to eat if you're in a hurry; and (2)  if you got the tasting menu it had to be for two people, and one of us might have wanted something different, but went along with the other one of us who wanted tasting menu.  I don't see what the big deal is in preparing it for one person, as much of it seemed to be little bits of premade food that was just cooked and dressed up with sauce, but whatever.As this is a fancy place we were a little taken aback to see a family come in and sit next to us who weren't exactly dressed up to the nines and acted like they just got off the train from Podunk (talking loud, asking stupid questions about the menu, etc.) but it is Las Vegas, there are going to be tourists.  However, the tables aren't jammed together in this restaurant, so it  wasn't like the Clampetts came and sat in our lap, and we were able to largely ignore them.  The restrooms are very nice and have nice, well-mannered attendants.  Overall,  a nice and not too "touristy" dining experience.
5	We came to the Eiffel Tower Restaurant to celebrate my boyfriend's sister's birthday. What a great place to celebrate! Our view was fantastic! We had a party of six and were seated at a round table (which I like) and were able to see the Bellagio. The was my first grown up experience in Vegas and this was a great way to start the trip! The food was fantastic!! I tried escargot for the first time...interesting! I ordered the Char broiled Filet Mignon with Lemon Parsley Butter. DE-LISH!! For dessert we ordered 4 souffles: Gran Marnier, Pistachio, Pumpkin and Banana. They were all fantastic!! Mine was the Pistachio and made sure to eat it all!! The service was very attentive and polite. With the room dimly lit made the atmosphere quite cozy and intimate. The only thing I didn't care for was when you got off the elevator at the restaurant you were in the kitchen. I seemed kind of awkward.
4	I remember we came here for July 4.Anyway, like every reputable restaurant in Vegas, it's expensive as shit, go figure. And like all the rest, the portions are tiny, so get ready to drop half a bill on a meal the size of your fist and if you want wine, go in on it family style.I ordered the filet and we got a bottle of wine. My friend and I ended up drinking 80% of it and the rest went around the table.The wine, eh, I don't know anything about wine. It was the cheapest one and it tasted like wine to me, so all good there. I would say the tiny filet was disappointing but I pretty much knew what I was in for, so no big deal there.The atmosphere was great, as you'd expect. Very nice view. There are some parts of the eiffel support that sort of awkwardly run through the restaurant but we didn't have any issues with them.So why did I give this place a 4? Sounds like a 3, right? It does so far, to me anyways.Well, before they give you the meals, they serve the bread. And here, the bread came in the form of these little cheese bread balls.Hooooly shit, these things were incredible. I'm pretty sure I could subsist entirely on these things. It was like nirvana in my mouth. I'm pretty sure these will be an integral part of my last meal someday, and they're so soft that if I'm 120 and I've lost all my teeth by that time I should still be able to eat them. Rolled in the experienced hands of Chef Boyardee and cooked to a golden brown in what could only be St. Elmo's fire, these cheese balls were the highlight of my eating experience.Call them and see if you can get the cheese balls to go first. If not, this place is worth eating at once at least.
2	There is a lot of reviews with many stars on this place but from someone who has eaten at some of the best restaurants ever i give this an ok.  You are basically paying for the view.  The food is something you can make at home if you know how to cook.  We went for Valentines and it was hell! We had made reservations for 9:30 and were not seated until like 10:30.  We had a few drinks while we waited at the bar, listening to the bar tender compare it was as romantic as a train station.  We had reserved window seats and were sat as far from the windows as possible.  The food was warm not hot.  There was no dress code??!! There was a mix of people from family with children to guys with street girls ( showing everything)  and a few decent people.
5	The girls and I decided to treat ourselves to a nice dinner.  Only problem - we didn't have reservations anywhere and it was 11 AM Saturday morning.  No worries, we whipped out an iPhone, went on opentable.com, and scored a reservation for 7:30 PM.  Of course, being Vegas, we showed up 45 minutes late to dinner.  Unlike Tao, they didn't give away our table and they didn't scold us.  I like the Eiffel Tower Restaurant already!  Did I mention we all wore jeans to dinner?  Score!Yes, this is a very romantic restaurant; yes, there is a beautiful view.  Service was impeccable, decor very lovely, yada yada.   Really though, it was all about the food.  We started off with cocktails - I recommend the Autumn in Paris (it's like a pear slushee, with booze).  For an appetizer I had the sea scallops (Sauteed Sea Scallops, Cauliflower Mousseline,Riesling Jus).  Best.  Scallops.  Ever.  I don't even like cauliflower!  For my entree, I opted to try the sea bass (though next time, I'm all about the venison).   The sea bass was perfectly cooked, and served with potatoes and bacon (helllooooo!!!  How awesome is that??).  But the best part of the meal was dessert.  My friends and I are all greedy beyotches, so we each ordered our own souffle:  chocolate, pistachio, and banana.  Each was amazing, but the banana took the cake for me.  Next time I'm in Vegas, I'm going to order all 3 just for myself.   Tab:  2 cocktails, one appetizer, one entree, one souffle = $119 (not including tip).
3	let me add that this restaurant is good and the service is great and so is the food, but while we were sitting we had to scoot over for other people to sit near the window facing the bellagio, I think they have too many tables too close to each other watching the water fountains, and the prices are WAY too much I would rather go to Olives at the bellagio and get a fountain side seat for cheaper $$ and get WAY better food and WAY better views. check my review and picture I put on the review for " TODD ENGLISH'S OLIVES".
3	I had an incredible time here because I was with good company and the service was good, but honestly, I can't remember much about the food.  I do remember the incredible view!  I want to go back and give this place another try.
3	Delicious...! Worth the $350 tab for 4 people. Okay food, good company, great awesome view of the water show at the Bellagio and just okay service. The waiter was fairly new, I can tell as he fumbled about the food and specials. But for the most part, I will *maybe* come back here. Had the beef carpaccio with capers (yum!), the grand seafood platter (oysters were really good but they also included some raw clams which were disgusting!) but the lobster and giant shrimps made up for it,  filet mignon (just okay), duck confit (okay) and smoked chicken (which was dry). Although, I must admit that those little puff parmesan little pastries they served as appetizers were delish!...
5	We went to the Eiffel Tower restaurant on a whim...and my assumption was that we'd be paying for a view and not much else.  I'm glad I was wrong - The Eiffel Tower restaurant ended up being one of the top overall meals I've had in a long time.We were seated right up against the window overlooking the Bellagio Fountains.  Seating (even if you have reservations) happens on the fly when you arrive based on available tables.  So try to get there early if you want a window table.  View was everything you'd expect.  Guys - you cant go wrong taking your ladies here just for this amazing view - very romantic. The breads they serve you were all top notch, along with a couple of appetizers we had brought out.  I ordered a filet and crabcake combo...my steak was perfect and the crabcake was flawless.  All the sides we ordered were also excellent.  We also ordered duck, which was cooked perfectly, and seasoned just right.  We couldnt fit in dessert, so I dont know what that was like here.  Service was impeccable and truly beyond ordinary.  Felt like our minds were being read the entire meal.  Bottom line:  yes it's expensive, yes it has a nice view, and yes,the Eiffel Tower Restaurant is absolutely worth it.
4	I love this place for lunch, but wasn't a big fan of dinner. It's great for a lunch time rendezvous with that special someone, but for dinner there are other places i would recommend. Lunch offered great service, excellent bartender, fabulous bread offering, and reasonable prices for exceptional food. Dinner was crowded, our server seemed overburdened, the bread was mediocre, and the bill was twice as much. Definitely a lunch place.
4	Excellent dining experience!  From the atmosphere, to the quality of the French cuisine you won't find any better in Vegas.  Be sure to bring your plastic, and make reservations.  Dressy attire would help, unless you'd like to stick out like a sore thumb!
4	Took my girl here to have a romantic dinner and it definitley met our expectations.  We had a table right along side the window facing the Bellagio fountains.  The ambiance of this place is great with the dim lighting.  The staff is all very professional and the food is really good but very small portions so don't go expecting to get full.  Between me and my chick the meal was $250 with the tip, good place to eat just to say that you tried it.
4	So I just got back from LV and I neeeded to yelp every place I went to starting with the Eiffel Tower Restaurant. We were late for our reservation, but still they were friendly and seated us right away. We took our time with the Wine List (which is a NOVEL!) and they were very helpful in trying to find the perfect wine for us. The Service was EXCELLENT!!! Top notch!! Our waiter was so funny and totally went along with all of our jokes. I looooved this place. Oh right, so I got the Beef Wellington, it was really delicious, but wayyy too herby. My friend got a Filet Mignon and she was in loooove with it. All the other girls I was with loooved their dishes as well. We all ordered different dishes and it was marvelous...Duck 2 waysFilet MignonBeef Wellington (me)and two fish dishes I can't remember right now....but it looked and smelled greatt!!!At the end we got a souffle and although it wasn't what we were expecting (the quick deflation with the pouring of cream and chocolate) it was still yummmmy. All in all, great experience and had a GREAT time! =)Oh and we had a great view of lovely couples in love taking pictures and eating all romantically *insert sarcasm here* -____________-We were a group of 5 bitter and angry girls...hahahahaoh, the water show wasn't too bad, but it just isn't the same without the "Cause I'm proud to be an American, where at least I know I'm freeee" song.
5	This place was WELL worth the hefty cash, and lived up to all it's praise.My sweety and I came here to celebrate our 2 year anniversary, and decided to splurge on dinner. We heard a lot of good things about the pre-fix menu, and decided to  go with that for our meals. It was so much fun, having all 7 courses come to us! They have you order dessert at the beginning, so we both decided to go with souffles. My man got banana, and I (who normally orders anything with chocolate) ordered the Pistachio souffle!They start you off with these little cheese puff things (can't remember the name) but they are divine! They taste just like puffed up Cheez-its. Our first course was the amuse bouche..Next they brought by a warm lobster salad, which if it weren't so delicious, i would have BATHED in it. It was that good. I still dream about that salad.Our third course was  (i think..) a cream of celery soup, which was heavenly. At this point, the water show had begun at the Bellagio, and our table had a perfect front row view of it! It was wonderful, sipping our soup, watching the water show.Our fourth course was red snapper over braised vegetables.. They actually give you a generous portion of red snapper, too! Perfectly cooked and soooo flavorful.Fifth course was venison with huckleberries and braised chestnuts.. Which I was SO excited for, having never tried venison until then. It was melt-in-your-mouth phenomenal. Our 6th course that arrived was wine poached pear slices wrapped around camambert(sp?) cheese, served with warm cinnamon raisin bread... ohhhh my god. Our last and final course (my stomach was BUSTING at this point) were our souffles.. which was up there with some of the best dessert I'd ever had. Our server brought us some assorted candies with our check, which was such a special treat, although I couldn't eat one last bit!The service was prompt, professional, and very attentive! Our server was so much fun, he reminded me of my grandpa! This is the perfect place to take your lover on a special occasion, and WELL worth the money. I *highly* recommend doing the pre-fix, you get so much food for your money, and you will leave STUFFED, i promise you!!
4	This place is my first classy/up scale restaurant so I felt somewhat out of place since the most upscale place I've been to is like... Cheesecake Factory. But my "expensive" friend wanted my bf and I to experience this place because he loved it the last time (and it is vegas after all), so I decided to come here to have an experience. And wow, what an experience. I felt like I was in a romantic show/movie. The waiter seated us ladies first and then the guys. Even pulled out the seats for us (and my bf doesn't even do that for me!) The bathroom has attendants, whom I forgot to tip because I didn't know that was standard etiquette. And the food portions were tiny but amazingly they were filling. I forgot what I ordered because I came here about a year ago, but I remember it having spinach and some hard rice cracker type thing on top. I thought it tasted way too salty but my bf seemed to love it. Overall, it was an interesting experience. I wouldn't mind coming here again for special occasions.
4	We had a wonderful time. Because of traffic we were 25 minutes late (and wanting to drive by and support the Vegas tea party) but we called ahead. They were so kind and so nice about it I was floored. Also need to mention we had gone there the night before to see where they were and the man downstairs at the elevator was so nice that he insisted he take us up for a look at the view so we could see the view that we had asked about it.Kudos to Keith(I hope I remember his name correctly.)The food was lovely and fresh and the view spectacular. The lady greeter on the day said it was a good thing we were late because now we could stretch out our lunch and sit a while if we wanted and see the water show at the Bellagio across the street. We stayed and took her advise and it was so worth it. The place was technically closed but they still refolded my napkin when I got up and they took our pictures for us. All this and we were 30 min late for our opentable reservation. We had front row seats to the water show at the Bellagio without standing outside in the cold. The kitchen is amazing to look at. It is right outside the elevator.
5	We happened to notice there was going to be Easter Brunch here, and we thought it sounded fun, and the menu looked good so we decided to go.The view really is amazing.  I would completely recommend going here with parities of two, because you get an amazing view of the strip and the fountains at the Bellagio.The service was phenomenal.  More than to be expected.  The food was pretty damn good too.  We ordered a bottle of champagne, and they started us with a little amuse bouche of Parmesan flan, which was quite tasty, and some cheese puffs. We both got appetizers, he got the Foie Gras, and I got the Blue Cheese Souffle Pudding.  The Foie Gras was probably better, but I'm a huge fan of blue cheese, and the flavors were subtle.  Here's where the meal gets fun.  His entree was the Omelet Souffle and mine was the Baked Crepes.  The waiter wanted to make sure we weren't in a hurry since the Omelet Souffle takes about twenty minutes to fire after our appetizers.  We were fine with that.So after our appetizers were finished we waited and waited for our meal and nothing showed up.  Finally he decided to go the restroom and the manager shows up to tell us there was some sort of mistake and our order got lost.  That's fine, we can wait, we really had nothing else going on that day.  So they left to make sure it started and after the bf came back, I suggested he try to get some free drinks out of it while I ran to the restroom.  I came back and there were two glasses of champagne!  The waiter took it upon himself to give us a couple of more glasses.  Rock on!  When the food finally showed up, the manager told us the entire meal was being comped, so enjoy ourselves!  Rock on again!After all that the meal was free, and very tasty.  We said we might go back sometime for dinner if we're back in Vegas.  I even picked up a copy of the cookbook because the food was good and I wanted to try some of the recipes!
4	Love this place! I am giving 5-star for the excellent service.We had the escargot and sea scallops for appetizers. The scallops were very fresh and sweet. However, it was a bit overpriced at $18.00 for only 2 pieces. However, the entrees are reasonably priced with good portion (~$40 on average per entree). My friend had lamb and I had duck. Both of them were very good. Must try the souffle - we had banana and grand marnier.
5	Amazing view, excellent service, spectacular food. 5-star service all the way. We arrived a few minutes early and were whisked up an elevator to the Eiffel Tower Restaurant. We were promptly greeted and taken to our table for two -- literally looking out at the Bellagio fountains. It was the best view on the strip!! Our meal started with sparkling water and an amuse bouche of a tiny parmesan cheese puff pastry. A perfect little bite indeed!! I ordered the warm lobster, braised leeks and celery appetizer. The sauce was rich and delicious, the lobster was delicate but boldly flavorful. It was perfectly seasoned. My wife ordered the blue cheese souffle pudding with a walnut pecan salad. She loved it. Loved it like she wanted to lick the plate clean loved it. Loved it like I had get a little pushy to try a bite loved it. For an entree I ordered the duck prepared two ways--a sliced breast served medium-rare and a leg confit with wild rice and a rich sauce. Every bite was tender and juicy. My wife ordered the slow roasted filet of salmon with a pinot noir sauce. She said it was the best salmon she had ever tasted. We opted for a side of the pommes dauphines which were essentially mashed potato filled tater tots. Awesome. Every bit of our meal was amazing. We sipped on their signature cocktail the Eiffel Affair and ordered souffles for dessert. I went with the chocolate souffle and my wife had the grand marnier souffle. Both were delicious. Each came with a sauce (mine had a chocolate and a creme anglaise sauce). Probably the best dessert I've ever had. Thank you Eiffel Tower for making my belated honeymoon dinner worth it.
3	I couldn't believe we actually scored a 7:30pm Saturday dinner reservation on the day of. We totally needed a splurge and it was the best place to be. I totally thought we were at the wrong place when the elevator door opened up. We walked out of the elevator and the kitchen was right there. You could see all the hustlin and bustlin of the background scene. Totally different from what I expected but kinda cool at the same time. We got seated in a booth towards the back of the round restaurant but we still got this gorgeous view of the water front of Bellagio and the strip. The tables closest to the windowline were all two-seaters so no go for us. The atmosphere is great but the food is only so-so. We had the pinky toe crab salad and seared scallop for appetizer. It was refreshing but nothing too special. My sea bass was significant overcooked...it was like chewing overcooked chicken. Since we were on a time schedule, I didn't bother to send my dish back. My friends' dishes weren't too impressive either, with the exception of the rack of lamb. The most memorable dish of the night was the souffle, which you should order at the beginning of your meal. It takes 40 minutes to make and they only make 20 for the entire room at a time. We had the Grand Manier and Caramel....omg....absolutely heavenly. I could eat that all night long. We also had the Banana Towel thingy (forgot what it was called) It wasn't too special either. I thought it would come warm but it was icy cold. It was just stacked banana slices swimming in white chocolate sauce. Again, nothing too special. Overall, I enjoyed the meal because of the company and the view. I'm not too thrill about the food since I had much better in SF.
4	I don't know maybe it was the view from the top or my new love I was with but that aside...... The martini's were great and I I ordered fish that was excellent. all in all the view was worth the price of admission so to speak....
4	Having to take an elevator to reach the beautiful view gave me high expectations for this restaurant.  The ambiance was very classy, yet surprisingly relaxing. Often I feel almost uncomfortable when going to nice restaurants because I get the feeling I have to show my best manners or talk in a relatively low voice.  Although we did not have a window seat, we still got an excellent view of the Bellagio water show.Not being a salad orderer, I was greatly surprised when my aunt ordered the warm lobster salad.  Wow is all I have to say about that, I have never "enjoyed" eating a salad, except this particular time.  The freshness of the vegetables shines, all salads should be prepared with this much dedication.I got the surf and turf and was was disappointed when I finished it.  The steak melted in my mouth, along with the flavor explosion that came from the crab.  I was a bit disappointed by the wine list, although larger than a Websters Dictionary, did not have a bottle under $100.  Because I was lucky enough not to pay, I was happy enjoying my beer instead.  Dessert was an experience in itself as everyone at the table sat silently while closing their eyes during every bite.  We ordered 4 different desserts and all were worth writing home to mom about.I would go back, but make sure you bring a credit card with a high limit.
4	I ate at Eiffel Tower last week for the the third time ever, and always at lunch.  If you have reservations (I make mine through OpenTable), you always get seated before the walk-ins.   They open for lunch at 11:30, and even if there were about 10 other people that had been waiting, my cousin and I were seated first.  The meal usually starts with a vegetable mousse in a tiny cup that you eat with a tiny spoon.  I've had tomato and spinach in the past and while they were delicious, this time we had mushroom.  And it was splendid.  My favorite meal is pretty standard here: Crab-stuffed avacado, pan-seared trout with butter and wild rice, and the summer berry pudding dessert.  To drink: Ginger Peach Tea.  My cousin ordered a fois gras appetizer with fig and a salmon entree with the fish hammered flat, seasoned, and fried.  We both had a bowl of the cream of celery soup.  The food is DELICIOUS!  A huge bonus is the tiny cheese and poppy seed popovers that they give you with every meal.  The service is attentive, at times a bit much, but  way better than being ignored.  Our check came out to about $200.  Eiffel Tower is always a must visit when I'm in town.
5	Our waiter was attentive and courteous, and answered our questions with expertise.  The Filet was tender and flavorful, the sea bass was also quite tasty.The creme brulee and souffle were also quite delicious, and the creme brulee is a HUGE BOWL!Also, the highlight of the evening was their potatoes au gratin.  These by far were the best I have ever had.  I look forward to my next trip to Vegas, I will be eating here again!
5	The best piece of meat I have ever had!!! This filet mignon melted with the plunge of the fork and then in my mouth. Asparagus al dente - perfect.  Any dessert is so good it is almost perverted. Service is good but dont expect california fakeness or ignorant drivel. Just get to the business of eating a fabulous meal.
5	The Eiffel Tower Restaurant has excellent dinners, but is very expensive. Probably the best, most expensive meal I have ever had. I wanted to see the inside and go up to the top, mostly because I haven't made it to Paris yet. The restaurant is very elegant and offers a great view of the Strip and the Bellagio Fountain Show. I suggest making reservations and get a window table. Neither of which we did by the way :-( It was a last minute deal and it was on a Monday night, so we thought we would wing it. We didn't have reservations so we decided to wait at the bar and have a drink. We ordered 2 glasses of wine, a Shiraz and a Riesling, whoaaaa $46!!! I made no reaction, which my girlfriend liked because the couple next to us that ordered 2 drinks, yeah his eyes almost came out of their sockets...lol. Anyway, we waited almost an hour and the bartender, JR, said we could eat at the bar, which we did. He was very nice and helpful giving us Vegas tips on restaurants and clubs. Also, there was much entertainment between the three bartenders as two of them kept making fun of the "new guy". Once dinner finally came, it was excellent. I had the salmon which was cooked perfectly. Also has the asparagus which was great. In the end the total was $260 for food and wine. I would probably go again if I had a little extra $$ to spend. Just a tip, it is a little upscale as I said. As we were going in, there were other people who had come back from their hotel because the guys were not allowed in with sandals or any open towed shoes. Ladies of course were allowed. I was wearing Dockers and a collared shirt. Most people were pretty dressed up.
5	This was one of the best dinning experiences in my life. We took out a party of 10 and the service was just knock out. The room is really beautiful, especailly at night!. I first must add that I live in San Francisco and we have many great restaurantsthat I can compare it to. That being said I found the Eiffel tower to be better than Gary Danko, Masa's, postrio etc.Their foie gras tourchon was amazing with a fig puree. Their take of Surf and turf: an 8oz fillet with an amazing crab crake was the best( the steak with so delicate and tender and flavorful). The potatoe gratin side was delicate, subtle, and bursting with flavor. The wine list is a knock out....from chateau margauxs to california pinots and everything in between...probably 500 different wines.For dessert we had the souffles.....bannana , caramel, and chocolate...very good.This restaurant is very expensive but I felt, as did the other 9 dinners, it was worth every penny. I highly recommend!!!
4	My boyfriend took me here for my birthday.  It was definitely romantic!!  Service was friendly as well but for some reason, I could tell the waiter was a bit annoyed with us.   My boyfriend and I were as nice as possible to him despite the negative vibe we were getting.  By the end of our meal, I think he felt guilty and his mood changed drastically.  It was just the 2 of us so our view was right in front of the Bellagio fountain show.  We got to watch at least 4 water shows.  I absolutely loved it!!  Our meals were mediocre - nothing to rave about although it was good but hands down to the souffle!!  We had the chocolate one and my goodness... we certainly devoured it.  Definitely recommended... I'm only giving 4 stars out of 5 because of the food and slightly because of the service from our waiter.  I'm a fan because of the dessert and the view!
4	At first I was a little worried the place would be tacky and not bear much in common with the place that has the real Eiffel Tower.  Wrong again.  Good food, good service and good setting.  Forget the water show put on for free by the Bellagio.  Go for the food.
5	Went here for lunch with a window view of the Bellaggio water show, it was amazing. I think I had salmon but what I remember overall was the creme brule, it was superb. It was truly a great experience...
4	Food, and location is awesome!!! but very expensive consideringthe poor service from the snotty waiters, and the lack of cleanlinessin certain locations like water pitchers and petite fourtray. I have eaten here 4 times. And always this is the most uncomfortable 4star restaurant Ihave  ever been to, the tables are bigger at mcdonaldsand taco bell!!! So expect to be cramp! Shoot our food didn't allfit on our table for 2.The bar mixes Great cocktails!Resturant is a quite noisy and unrestful at busy times! Expect to spend $100 person for a goodfood here, but necessarily a good time if you are looking for the ultimate dinning experience.
5	came here valentines! i don't recommend, unless u like pre-set menus, which alot of places do on a night like valentines, but every thing was great! from the service to the food. it was all good!!!!food was really great. meats were perfectly cooked and all the flavors were on point. i love french food!i recommend always having reservations here because it is a high-end restaurant. this place is pricy too so dont come here broke. the view is beautiful! u have views of the strip and of bellagio and other surrounding hotels.when the menu is not preset they have exotic meats such as rabbit and such. havn't had them yet, but that is what i wanted on vday and was surprised with a preset menu. it was still a great experience.
4	This review is for drinks only. I went here for drinks before going to see a show.  It has a great atmosphere, with wonderful service. They have a great selection of wine and drinks to choose from. The view is really nice, as it overlooks the Bellagio and the fountains. I really recommend this place if you want to go somewhere for drinks early in the evening before a show, or before going to dinner.
5	This was our first stop after checking into our hotel.  We were expecting drinks and fancy French food but what we got was so much more!  Our waiter, Mauricio, was really awesome.  He chatted with us about his world travels, his previous careers, his future fiance and his favorite foods/drinks.  He paired each course with a drink or glass of wine and was spot on with his pairings.  I had the avocado with fresh crab appetizer and it was paired with a riesling.  Excellent.  Then, the walnut and artichoke crepes with a fresh berry house cocktail.  Delicious!  Finally, a Pomegranate Italian-style margarita with some chocolates made on-site.  Fantastic!!!We could not have asked for a better welcome on our first day in Vegas.  Yes, we ended up spending a small fortune for a total of 8 drinks, 2 appetizers and 2 entrees, but I couldn't be happier as I left and promptly took a nap.Will definitely be back, probably our first stop for the next trip!P.S. The Blue Cheese Souffle is out of this world!!!
5	Went here for dinner on a Sunday night. We got a table facing the Bellagio fountains, and got to see the show every 15 minutes.Our waiter was this older man who was really friendly! I had the lamb and bf had the skirt steak roulade, and we both loved it. The lamb was so tender and I pretty much inhaled all of it. The skirt steak came with thin potato strings, which were cute to look and and sort of fun to eat, but we were confused as to if we were supposed to eat with out hands or attempt to stab at it with the fork.Our waiter also helped us pick out a wine, and thankfully he didn't point us towards the $4,000 bottles, we got a nice $60 bordeaux that was really easy to drink. Also we wondered if we'd have to refill our own glasses, but we never had to worry about it, our waiter came around often and refilled before it could even get low. You also get to chose from three or four different types of bread, as another waiter comes around with a tray of bread. I had the french bread and the wheat, they were both yummy, and you know how I love bread. Our water glasses were also constantly refilled by the same person.They ask if you'd want a souffle for desert, and have you order it as your dinner arrives, because it takes 40 minutes for it to bake. Well, if we had to wait forty minutes after the meal, we would have, it was so good! It was moist, and smooth, and it was just all around great. It practically melted in our mouths. Then afterward, the waiter came around with a little serving tray of these bite sized treats, and we could pick as many as we want. I got a piece of dark chocolate, and macadamia, and bf had milk chocolate and coffee cookie, they were all yummy.Would love to go back!(total bill was a little under $200, and totally worth it)
4	4.5 stars. The food was just amazing! I had some club sandwich and it was just wonderful! The view was just amazing and worth the extra cost for the food! I was hoping the water show across the street would be going on during the day, but no dice.  The staff was very friendly and had no problem getting my lady friend a shaw since she was cold. You take an elevator up too the restaurant, which is really cool. I recommend going in the day time if you want to save some cash. Probably a great place to take your lady to if you want to be romantic. Would not recommend doing this on a first date though as it would probably be a bit much. Minus half a star for SLOW food. I was thinking to myself, "Is the chef cooking the food in Paris or what?" :-)
4	This has been on my excel document of go to's for a long while now and was finally fulfilled last year. It was dinner time and we took an elevator up to the level of the restaurant and once you get out, there is a hostess waiting for you. You see the kitchen immediately and the hostess brings you to your table. We didn't have to wait at all. Just as I hoped for, we got a table right by the window. Perfect view of the Bellagio and their water show. The only thing that ruined the view was cloudy sky. But I wasn't going to let that ruin my dinner.The waiter was on top of everything and our glasses were never empty. I ordered the Baked Alaskan Halibut with vegetables and a side of potato gratin. I ordered the side because I had a feeling the portions would be small, but boy was I wrong. The fish was huge and the sauces so delicious. For dessert we had the chocolate souffle, which I must say, is DELICIOUS! I still remember the sweet warm chocolate melting in my mouth. Ah, I'd definitely just return for dessert.The only reason why I am giving this 4 stars instead of 5 is for one thing. When I took my first bite into my fish, there was a bone in it. And that's just not right. At least it was the only bone in my fish I found.
4	Beautiful view, comfortable seating, excellent food, good service. We decided last minute to try this place and I'm glad we did! The view is gorgeous with a perfect view of the bellagio fountains. We only had lunch, but I bet at dinner time, it's an amazing view.- Cream of Mushroom Soup: creamy, smooth, perfect balanced flavor- Foie Gras wrapped in Duck Prosciutto with Fig Compote: mouthwatering, delicious, very smooth, melts in your mouth - Moroccan Lamb Burger: flavorful, huge portion, chips okay- Seafood Salad: simple, refreshing, variety of seafood- Petit Fours: nice, light, sweet ending to a nice mealService was okay at first and the server warmed up to us at the end of the meal after he found out we were from San Francisco. He was, nonetheless, very attentive and polite throughout the meal. It was a very nice, relaxing lunch on our last day in Vegas despite an obnoxious French family that made a big fuss about seating arrangements. Overall, great food, service, and the view is gorgeous!
4	Delicious Filet Mignon.Wonderful service.Great food.Breathtaking views right from your table. Splurge a little you wont be disappointed.
5	The most romantic setting/view coupled with the greatest food.  HIGHLY recommend the chocolate souffle. Guys-  Make sure you bring a worthy date....it'll woo her and make the price worth it.Girls-  Get ready to be wooed
2	review of a la carte, and sans dessert, and review of child friendlinessfirst, it was difficult to find the entrance to the restaurant. there should be a more obvious route.odd to enter at the kitchen. but interesting.not child friendly in that they can't do pasta or rice.not child friendly in that I purposely cut up my kid's chicken for to go and they left that part of the to go out! they also left the french fries out of the to go!free cheese puff - but had rye in it (I hate rye!)3 bread options- rustic, french and mixed wheat, though not warm but soft.tomatoe salad was good!beef wellington was okhusband got fish- great presentation, but small portionthe bellagio fountains were nice, but couldn't see it unless you had the next to the glass seats, and felt like they were stealing from Bellagio.=)crazy expensive!  $20 for tomatoe salad??service was off on Sunday PM. didn't give us spoons for the soup. didn't notice guest didn't have fork to eat dish.had to ask for to go twice! told them we were on a time crunch and they didn't help us get out on time/remind us. though they did get us the food on time.
5	If you haven't been, you really need to experience the Eiffel Tower Restaurant. First, the tricky part is to find the elevator, it is somewhere in the middle of the casino (tip: just look up at the legs of the Eiffel Tower because they come through the ceiling and find the middle that way). There were two host's (one female, one male) to greet you at the elevator (I assumed to confirm reservations or whatever), so they tell me that there is a dress code and shorts are going to cut it (it was 112 degrees out and I'm not going to walk around in slacks that for sure), so I turn to Amanda and say sorry, then thank the host anyways. But then he says "hold on, what size pants are you", he says we have a couple pairs if you wouldn't mind throwing them on before coming up. I say "sure" and I almost dropped my pants right there but he said "the washroom is just across the way, sir". As I go change the male host proceeds to escort Amanda up the elevator and to a table. When I finished, the lady kindly escorts me up (I couldn't figure out why we were getting pampered so but then I saw the bill!!). The elevator was fun, you get a chance to wave or stick up your nose (which ever you prefer) at all the people outside before you get to your floor. So the elevator opens and it's the kitchen, I'm kind of scratching my head but then the lovely host grabs my arm and escorts me around and out of the kitchen then to my table. You have to keep in mind that the pants that they gave me are at least 3 times bigger then I am, so I'm almost waddling try to get to my seat trying to make sure I don't lose the pants and flash all of Vegas. There are two things that make this restaurant unbelievable. First, the view is amazing, three sides of floor to ceiling glass. One side the north side of the strip, the other the south, but the front is all the Bellagio. If you know anything about the Bellagio, then you know about the musical fountain which occurs every 15 minutes. So you get to watch this show if you have seats in the front (tip for the guys... it's very romantic). The second thing is the menu, it is absolutely insane... Chilled Fennel Vichyssoise with Shrimp, Caviar, fish, fowl, and even a vegetarian dish. Unfortunately for us, we were already full from dinner (fortunate for my wallet though, this place is up there $25 to $55 a plate, $340 for 50 grams** of Caviar). Still, I wish had some caviar, maybe next time. The service was excellent too. You must go!! ** 1 gram is about the weight of a Bic pen cap.
5	Been here a couple times.  Loved it.  Great atmosphere, look, food, service, everything.  Had the ribeye both times.  Not a big ribeye fan, but this one is delicious.
5	One of the most memorable restaurants, since my future husband to be proposed to me here, since we were in Vegas to celebrate our 5 year anniversary.  We sat next to the window and was able to watch the Bellagio water show and see the sunset.  We ate the sauteed pork chop and Filet Mignon which was delicious everything was soft and was not over cooked. The finance tried a mojito and I drank the berry champagne, which was also good.The waiter even help set up my fiance's proposal, I was already crying when the dessert came out.  Another customer from another table saw my fiance propose to me and told me to stop crying and bought us two glasses of champagne. How lucky were we! Again one of the most memorable restaurant, I would definately come back here every time I visit Las Vegas.
5	Incredible service plus scrumptious food makes this one of the best restaurant experiences I've had. I'll start with our waiter...this adorable young French dude who was just SUPER nice and accommodating. AND he was super knowledgeable (awesome) without being snobby (even more awesome)! We started with the blue cheese souffle, which was SO SO yummy. I don't even think I like blue cheese all that much and I couldn't stop eating it. I've tried looking up anything remotely close to it at any other restaurant online  without luck so order this! We also ordered a sinfully intoxicating bottle of wine and sipped on it while watching the Bellagio fountain show (ask them for a window seat so you can get a good view). For entrees, we ordered a spinach crepe,and it was good but nothing spectacular (I preferred the crepes at Mon Ami Gabi downstairs). It's alright though because the real reason we were here was for the souffles! We got a chocolate souffle and a raspberry souffle and they were both absolutely delicious...pretty high up there on my list of best souffles.If you're on a budget, I would say to come here for appetizers and/or desserts or grab a drink and watch the fountains. It's a nice, romantic place with a very cozy atmosphere!
5	The perfect French restaurant! I had escargot and duck which were the best I have ever tasted. You can see the Bellagio Fountain Show while enjoying your dinner. The staff is more than helpful and willing to alter dishes to your liking. Worth every penny.
4	Food was pretty good...especially the lamb yum...very expensive but the view was beautiful...i had the tasting menu and thought it was ok..its different...the desert was very good.Very good service
4	Very impressive restaurant! We went on a Wednesday night and didn't need a reservation. There were still a lot of vacant tables. The hostess was very nice and gave us a table near the corner of the restaurant with a wonderful view of the Bellagio water show that came on every 15 minutes. It was beauutiful! The wait was only about 10 minutes for them to clear the table so we sat at the bar and ordered their house Cabernet. Not bad.It was a very romantic and fun experience. The food was pretty good too! I can't remember exactly what we ordered. I remember the Fillet was pretty good. Their bread is good. And the dessert, the souffle was pretty amazing too!It's great for a nice date night! There's a photographer to take a picture of you and you can buy the keepsake with your photo in it.
5	Fantastic!!! such a romantic evening! perfect for a date night!
5	If you are looking to impress a date, or if you want a wonderful dinner with incredible wait staff and service, along with a spectacular view, I fully, undoubtedly recommend Eiffel Tower Restaurant! Let me just say this... Our waiter must have realized the ambient temperature was a little on the cold side, so he brought over a shall for her and wrapped it around her shoulders for her. How about that!Thanks to Yelp! and the reviews of this restaurant, I knew all about the souffles! We ordered the chocolate and the banana. They were both out of this world!I recommend when you check in once you arrive at the top, you ask for a table for two.
4	Beautiful restaurant excellent food.  Except for the Filet Mignon, I ordered medium it came out cooked.  They changed it for me but still the same.  Rule of thumb just order any thing that has the Eiffel tower next to it.. and it's your best bet.  The lamb was delicious!  And never forget ordering the souffle.  Even tho it is expensive.. but it is worth a try.  $15.
4	If you don't mind spending a little bit of money for lunch (it's Vegas, why should you worry about spending too much) and want to avoid standing in 110 degree heat in September to watch the fountain show at the Bellagio, this restaurant has the perfect view if you get a good seat by the window. Don't get confused when you get off the elevator. At first you feel like you ended on the wrong floor because the kitchen is literally right in front of you when you get off. I bet the chefs there get a kick out of seeing everyone's confused look each time they off the elevator. Don't get scared and run back into your elevator safe zone. Make a right and the restaurant is right there. No reservation was required during the busy brunch hour and they took us to our seats right away. The brunch menu wasn't too bad. I got the Chicken panini, but what impressed me more were the freshly made potato chips that came on the side. I couldn't stop eating these. Pringles, you need to hand over your catch phrase to these Eiffel Tower chips because I really couldn't just eat one of these.
5	This really has to be one of the best restaurants in Vegas not only for the food but also for the great view. I've had the pleasure of dining here twice. And because I had such a great experience the first time I recommended that we go back again for a great dining experience. Like in true Vegas fashion dinner was about 2hrs + long. This is not a bad thing I'm just not used to sitting for so long for dinner, being from NYC. I love french food, most people don't. I really don't know why. I ordered the filet mignon with Bearnaise sauce that was great, another dish ordered at my table was the vegetarian crepes and the salmon or artic char (can't remember). I have to say that we all enjoyed our meal, and if we were not rushing over to see Le Reve we probably would have sat a bit longer and ordered dessert. The service here was top notch and the ambiance is great too. Its a bit of an older sophisticated crowd (40+) but that doesn't bother me because that usually means the food is great. The decor here is very art deco Paris posh, with the blush burgundy booths. This restaurant does remind me of the Jules Vernes Restaurant in the real ET(i think that's what its called) but this one has a more comfy yet elegant feel to the more sleek and modern look. If you enjoy french food, a great view and the Bellagio water show this is the place to go. I l
5	French food, wonderful chef's tasting menu.  Service was not obnoxious or intimidating like some can be.  We went for our honeymoon and were treated extraordinarily well. Though I get the feeling that was not out of the ordinary, seemed everyone got the royal treatment there :)  We loved it, and we are serious foodies. Reminded me of our tasting extravaganza at Tru in Chicago, only for 1/2 the price.Make reservations and get there early to ensure the view you want..  We had a view of the Bellagio just at, and after sundown and the water show made a really beautiful backdrop to our wonderful meal.Also, part of Lettuce Entertain You network, so rack up some additional points here. Glad the waiter mentioned ito us, we'll get a nice free meal out of those rewards!
2	I was so looking forward to this restaurant experience, because it's one of those not too often in a lifetime, spendthrift extravaganzas. I was quite disappointed because the expense did not match the food quality or service. Whatever you do, don't order Roberto Cavalli vodka. It was $23.00 for that brand martini. I almost fell of the chair. Utterly ridiculous! Moving to our scenic table, we found the service to be lacking. We weren't greeted by waiter, busboy, anyone for several minutes. Ordering the escargot got us what seemed to be one escargot cut in half swimming  around in a filo dough, saucy conglomeration. However the manager did apologize and remove it from the tab. The rest of the meal was nothing we couldn't get anywhere else for a lot less. In fact every other restaurant I passed wherever I went made me mad that I didn't go to it instead. For half the price!  We paid $320.00 for 2 drinks, 3 wines, 2 entrees, green beans and dessert. That was 4 days ago and I'm still not over it! Way too much competition in Vegas to get away with nothing but the finest,  when that is what you're portraying.
3	Food: Decent non-authentic French food. Nothing unique or memorable. Shrimp cocktail appetizer came with like 3 shrimps. Food alone, would merit a 2 star rating. Drink: Wine and beer. No good beer choices. My girlfriend had a champagne and peach puree cocktail. That was best item of our meal. Nice subtle alcohol, fair balance of sweet and tangy, worth every penny. Service: Average. Ambiance: Windows, windows, windows. Mucho sunshine during lunch. Pretty sweet if you get a table by the window. Watch the fountains of Bellagio and a view of the strip.
5	My boyfriend and I were super late and kept pushing back our reservation 15, 30, 45 minutes later and the staff were incredibly accommodating. They didn't have to be, but it just goes to show you how immaculately professional and courteous this place is.When we finally arrived, we waited no more than 10 minutes to be seated at a window seat with the most luscious view of the Bellagio fountains. The hostess, our server and even the random guy that came around to give us more bread rolls and cheese balls were all kind, polite and never once rushed us throughout our entire 3 hour (!!!) dinner. If you do decide to come here I highly recommend the tasting menu. While a few of the dishes were quite forgettable, the the view and the service more than made up for it. We had:- Trio of appetizers/les amuses bouche: The mushroom custard was incredible.- Warm lobster soup: The soup itself was lovely, but it was covered it what I can only guess was a spring roll wrapper. Curious, indeed.- Halibut: Good, but meh.- Roasted rack of lamb with tarragon jus: Highlight of the evening. The lamb was tender with a slightly crispy "crust." - Camembert wrapped in poached pears: Seriously disgusting. I like cheese, but that combo was hard to stomach.- I had the Grand Marnier souffle and he had the pistachio souffle. Both we exquisite--both exhibited a delicate taste through the slightly eggy custard texture. The server suggested the chocolate souffle which we will definitely try the next time.
5	located inside the eiffel towel in front of the paris hotel (you go in by means of the elevator inside the paris hotel at the back of the front casino).  i've never been to paris (but have always wanted to!), and this is as close as it gets!  the view inside is breath taking.  at night you can see the whole strip lit up below, the arc de triomphe, and the bellagio water show.as with most upscale french restaurants, the menu is seasonal and changes from time to time.  the food was so delicious!  i almost died when i ate the foie gras, it was that good!  i went with a couple of girl friends, and we all loved the ambience, the food, and the staff was great too.  call me girly, but i'd love to come back one day on a romantic date hee hee.
3	Since posting my review (which I also sent to the restaurant directly), I immediately received a response from the General Manager of the restaurant. She apologized profusely, and is currently communicating with me to better improve the service her staff provides, which is why I'm given the restaurant an additional star, as I am impressed with the speed in which they responded to my comments.
4	My boyfriend took me here for my 21st birthday. It was a really fun place to have dinner. BF made special reservations to sit by the window so we can watch the Bellagio's water show that replays every 15mins. The food was way better than I thought and the view was amazing!  The waiter was very persuasive on getting us to order more, but everything at the end was very delicious. their souffle was delicious! it was warm with melting gooey chocolate! yumm!! Also the portion was huge. I order the rack of lamb and there were 4 LARGE pieces. Very generous with the portions. also i asked for medium rare and it was actually medium rare!
5	This place gets 5 stars, mostly for its classy & romantic ambiance! My husband brought me here for my 25th birthday and I was really impressed by the view from the restaurant (you can see the Bellagio water shows like every 15 minutes or so) and the service.  I ordered char-broiled steak with red wine sauce, which I liked, and my hubby ordered the Wellington beef (like pastry/pot pie filled with soft, tender beef), which I thought tasted even better than my dish. They served a complimentary hors d'oeuvre before our meal (a cheesy bread and flan with duck meat) and bread.  The bread would have tasted better if it was warmer, but oh well. After our meal, the waiter even brought me a chocolate mousse dessert for my birthday! (my husband had told him); it was a nice surprise. :) I definitely recommend this place for a significant other's birthday or any other special occasion!
5	I loved this place!First of all, I made reservations about a week in advance and I mentioned that we were celebrating our anniversary so they gave us wonderful seats.  We got to sit right in front of the windows with an excellent view of the Bellagio water shows.  The food was excellent.  My fiance ordered their romaine salad and their NY steak... I had their escargot and salmon.  Everything was soooooo good.  And best of all: their chocolate souffle.  OMG.  So freaking wonderful.  Their cocktails: orgasmic.  I loved it!Best of all, we got to meet Mike Tyson who happened to be eating there as well.  No worries guys, I left with both of my ears in tact ;)
3	Food: 3.5/5Ambiance: 4/5Services: 4/5Prices: $$$$ (avg 100/person)My partner and I were lure into taking the elevator to check out this place while waiting for our table at Mon Ami Gabi for lunch. We decided right away to make reservation for the night's early dinner, first due to the location being just opposite Ceaser's Palace so we can walk over to see Bette after dinner, second, its the view. We arrived 5.30pm for early dinner and its already 20% seated. We were given the window seat of course with the view of Bellagio's Fountain and the Strip. Again, we went for the easy way - the 5 course Tasting Menu for $89/pax. According to the server, the course usually takes 2 hrs but we only got 1.5 hrs before the show, so, we asked to speed it up and we did... We started with a glass of champagne, then swiftly follow by these courses (as we requested):Amuse bouche - cant remember what but its something very similar to the parfait from L'Atelier. It was OKSoup - cream of lettuce, chicken quenelles and lettuce chiffonade. Sound really interesting but its really bland...Baked halibut, braised veges, tomato confit, pistou bouillon - the simpler but better tasted dish with fresh veges and a good portion of flaky halibut1pc of roasted rack of lamb - right texture, tender but lack of seasoning and flavorDesserts - i went for the pistachio souffle as highly recommended by the server with additional $6. Well, its a huge portion and if you are still hungry from the previous courses, then check this out, otherwise, you can go for the creme brulee or other smaller lighter desserts. The cheese plate before the dessert cost additional $10 which we opted out. In addition, the server will come with selection of bonbons if you order coffee. In conclusion, Eiffel is a place for you to enjoy a romantic evening or just to impress your significant other or even for a small party with friends/co-workers. The food are decent but not as refined and definitely has potential to improve. That being said, if you dont mind forgoing the romantic setting and the view, I suggest to go L'Atelier Joel Robuchon for better food and slightly cheaper 5 course Menu!
5	Simply delicious.  I've been to quite a few steakhouse restaurants and this was by far beyond my expectations.  Ambiance:  I would recommend making your reservations between 6-8pm...that way you can enjoy the sunset and the water show with the proper lighting.  We snagged a seat around 7pm right next to the window and were able to enjoy both.  Our waiter, a portly man with a great sense of humor and a "FURANCH" accent, was very pleasant and helped set the mood for a night of french cuisine.Grub:  The steak was "melt in your mouth" delicious.  If you go with the filet mignon- medium rare, there is no going wrong.  MMm...we still talk about that steak to this day.  The appetizers left a little more to be desired...we ordered the duck patte.  This was probably not the best choice considering the price.  It was...an acquired taste... one that probably should not have cost so much to be acquired.  Service:  At the end of the night, we were offered dessert and found ourselves too full to order.  However, the waiter returned anyways with a plate of delicious sugar cookies on the house!  That alone deserves a full star.  =)Price:  Our bill came out to about $195 that night including tip but well worth it in my opinion.  I think on the next shot, we might pass on the appetizers and shoot for the filet mignon only.  All in all:   simply delicious!!!
5	For lunch it had the best view, service, and price I've seen in Vegas thus far. i had some kind of steak sandwich and it was to die for. Can't remember the name and it's killing me.
5	I took my girlfriend here for lunch. I absolutely love it and is worth every penny. This restaurant is what I call fine dining. The bus boy was always standing on the side and helped orchestrate the delivery of our food and refills.The server was nice and professional. The ambiance is fantastic as it is intimate ... until a family with kids were seated behind us but they weren't rowdy. :) The best part was seated right by the window with a perfect view of the Bellagio fountain.The food was fabulous and well presented. This is what we ordered:- cheese bread with an orange pepper flan; it's used as a spread for the cheese bread; wonderful! We each had our own little tiny cup.- Cold Foie Gras Torchon, Duck Prosciutto, Fig Compote (foie gras was perfect and not salty and who would have thought the Fig compote complemented the foie gras perfectly. It was a rich slightly salty and sweet tangy taste)- Crab Toast a la Francais, Sauce Remoulade (excellent but very rich and crab tasted fresh none of your ... artificial crab)- Aged Parmesan Crusted Chicken, Potato Gratin, Vegetables (rich but flavorful- ordered a cocktail and a orange creme drinkTotal: $87They even gave my girlfriend a happy birthday chocolate mousse. I would definitely go back.
4	I took my boyfriend here for his birthday, and for a special occasion restaurant, it really can't be beat. The views are incredible, the wait staff is impeccable, and the food is top notch. I can't really remember what we both had for dinner, though, because the dessert really over-shadows it in both of our minds. The restaurant has a selection of souffles of the day, and the bff, being a nut about nuts, HAD to order the pistachio souffle. (We had a little debate over which flavor to order, as I looooove chocolate, but I was nice and let him win on his bday.) We both died and went to heaven. It was everything you'd ever want in a dessert--decadent, flavorful, wonderfully warm and rich. We both still talk about that souffle more than a year later, and we even tried to recreate it, which didn't come anywhere close to as spectacular. Yes, the prices are steep, even for Las Vegas, but the food, the ambiance, and the wait staff are all worth it. Even if you don't go for dinner, you should grab a glass of bubbly and a fantastic souffle for dessert while enjoying the Bellagio fountains.
4	Four stars is right on for this restaurant.  It is swank and the view of the Bellagio Fountains is spectacular, however, their menu outside of their prime dinner time (don't open for dinner till five) is sparse at best.  That being said, the chicken panino I had was fantastic.  Every single bite as tasty as the last and the dish came out sooo hot!  The best part of the restaurant was the bar area and the bar tender Carson.  He was a really good conversationalist and gave me plenty of things to see in Vegas that I might have not seen otherwise.  He also recommended my sandwich after listening to my preferences for food.  He also makes a mean lemonade too!  I would definitely try to come back here to eat during dinner as their menu looked fantastic and the view at night has to be even more impressive.
5	My husband & I had an amazing time. The view, the service and the food!!! Maravilloso!!! My husband & I love trying new restaurants and out of all of our trips to Las Vegas we have to say this has been the best. If you want romantic. This is the place. The service was top notch. Our server made sure we understood the menu and was accommodating to all of our needs. He was very professional and nice. The food is on the pricey side, but its all worth it!!! The souffle is a must. The most perfect ending was when the server came out with a little dessert and in chocolate writing it said "Happy Birthday" I did not expect it, but made the night extra special.
5	By far one of the best places to go in vegas!  The views of bellagio and the strip was awesome!  The food was great, and the service was superb!     Definitely a good idea to make reservations, this place gets packed!  We started off with the cold foie geas and blue cheese souffle, both were decent but not outstanding.  The blue cheese souffle reminded me of bread pudding, it tasted okay but wasnt anything special.  The cold foie gras was a tad salty even with bread, I think the seared foie gras might have tasted better.   The bread selection was good, I liked the french baguette.  Our bread came out cold, so the waiter gladly brought us hot bread on the spot!       My friends ordered entrees of salmon, sea bass, duck breast, and lamb chops.  The seafood dishes were okay, nothing to rave about.  The grilled duck breast was excellent!  The grilled lamb chops were by far the best ive ever had!  It came out tender, juicy, and had no gamey flavor at all!  It had the texture of a filet mignon and taste of a prime rib, which was quite unique...definitely a great entree!       We ordered two souffles, a pistachio and banana nut...both were great!  The souffles came out hot, super light, perfect texture..by far the best souffles ive ever had!  The banana nut tasted excellent!  The pistachio souffle was also unique, both were very tasty!  I'd come back here just for the souffles..and they are so light that you can eat two of them by yourself!    Overall, the service here is excellent, all the waiters are super nice and constantly check up to make sure everything is satisfying.  The food was perfect, but the portions were on the small side.  The souffles are amazing, definitely a must-have!  Prices here a little high, especially for such small portions, but everything was cooked perfect and presented nicely!  This would be a perfect spot to take a date, nice cozy and dimly lit place with a romantic feel, and great views of the strip, including the bellagio water show.
5	Went there for my gf's birthday.  I had fish for lunch that was so good, but the best part is the dessert they have. We both like that place. And I suggest  you guys to try the desserts they have at least one in your life. You will love it. The tase was so great, and not really sweet, Perfect. A+++. I paid almost $100 for both of us. It's also a  place to see a view of the fountains of Bellagio were destined to romance your senses in night or day time.
4	YAY! i made reservations for us on open table a few days before we were going to be in vegas...maybe i should've made them earlier because we didn't get a view of the bellagio water fountains even though i requested it :( boo. oh well.either way, i loved this restaurant.joe ordered the short ribs which were really good...i think they were served on top of a bed of risotto. i had the salmon...i used to think salmon was salmon and that itd be kind of lame to order a salmon entree at a nice restaurant but it was sooooo good. i could smell it as it was being brought over to our table. perfectly cooked. it was a pretty big piece too. for dessert we ordered the chocolate souflee.. it wasn't AMAZING but i'm sure it was just as amazing as a souflee can be. its pretty big so you can easily share this dessert.(order it ahead of time because it takes 30 min to prepare)the negatives i guess would be not being able to have the view of the fountains and also the duck & quail entrees were out so joe couldn't order any of those which was why he had to settle for the ribs...no big deal.service was great. and our waiter checked up on us often. and i loved the atmosphere of this restaurant. its cozy and casual but still pretty romantic. the bill wasn't too bad either for a nice restaurant in vegas. i think everyone should try this restaurant atleast once...
5	it's too bad i can't give them like 5 more stars but know that they deserve it!!! we went for dinner... i got the lamb that was so tender and moist i wanted to cry. my grandma got the filet mignon omgosh so perfect. we also ordered a side of creamed spinach.. which i was against because of what other restaurants spinach dips were like (too creamy) but oh my god.. their creamed spinach was so light and so delicious. Needless to say.. we loved it so much that the price didn't bother to us. The view was so beautiful especially sitting right in front of the bellagio and watching the watershow.. was unforgettable and amazing to experience. other info~~~ bread was so.. perfect and PERFECT! souffle was.. delish.. BUT don't get the caramel (i got that and regretted it) my dad got the chocolate which was SOOOOOOOOOOO GOOD~! and my grandma got the pistachio which was eh~ and don't spill anything! because even a bread crumb will have your server coming to swipe it with a silver scooper thing. my brother spilled the creamed spinach and our server had to scrape that off too before my brother even got to eat it. they also give you new utensils for each course. omgosh omgosh one more thing.. i almost never eat butter or margarine unless it's made with a dish. but i just spread a hint of their butter on my french baguette and ended up eating half of the butter square which was huge. so light and perfect just the way i like it.at the end of our meal, we didn't even feel full. The portions were just right, but if you're looking for a hearty meal like my younger brother.. do what he did and get yourself a pan of pizza afterwards!i have pictures.. will upload asap~!
5	I will describe our Eiffel Tower Restaurant experience in one word, "Magnifique!"I took my wife to this restaurant a little unsure if it was going to be worth the high price tag and it definitely was.  Our bill was $210 w/ tax and tip (18%) and we ordered the following:1st CourseRoasted Foi Gras Appetizer (A++++++++) Absolutely Marvelous, Pure Heaven!Served on a bed of marinated grapes and julienne crepes the Foi Gras completely melted in our mouths and the three tastes blended together exquisitely.EntreesRoasted Quail w/ Tarragon Jus & White & Red Cabbage (A++) Rack of Lamb w/ Tarragon Jus, White Bean Stew & Grilled Sweet Onion (A++++++++++) Creamed Spinach & Mushroom Side Dish (A++)We decided to order two entrees, one moderately priced and one high end, in order to stay with our budget.  We shared each of them so we could sample all of the flavors.  The Quail was very good, it was our first time trying it and we would definitely order it again.  Not gamey at all and the meat was so savory.  The only downfall with the Quail is there is not much meat because it is a smaller bird, but great nonetheless.  The cold cabbage side was so good and complemented the bird perfectly.  Now for the Rack of Lamb.  As you may have seen in most of these reviews, everyone loves the lamb.  We will take it one step furthur, we absolutely LUST for this lamb.  WOW quite possibly one of the best lamb dishes I have ever had, mouth watering and succulent, it is a must order on their menu.  The sides again complemented the meat perfectly.The creamed spinach side was a great complement to the meal and was not overly creamy.  It was perfectly baked and crusty on top, definitely the best creamed spinach dish I have ever had.DesertChocolate Souffle (A++++)This unbelievable desert was light, fluffy and oh so chocolatey.  It was the perfect ending to our meal.  Oh and did I mention it is prepared from scatch while you eat, takes about a half hour.DrinksTwo Glasses of the house Pinot Noir which was very good for their house wine and the wife had a specialty cocktail called "Autumn in Paris" which was fresh crushed pears with vodka and some other fresh things mixed in, in her words, "It was to die for!"They give you your choice of complementary breads and some finger food desert chocolates and pastries....do yourself a favor and try their french baguettes w/ their house butter and the chocolates filled with caramel syrup, unreal!All in all we will be coming here everytime we are in Vegas.  The service is way above par and attentive to your every need and the views are stunning.  Whether its the Paris Balloon or the Belagio Fountains you will be in heaven once the ambiance and food mingle together to tickle your senses. Just make sure you give yourself at least two hours for this dining experience.Happy Eating!
3	with all the amazing places to eat in Vegas this was a disappointment. I was excited to see venison on the menu but it came out rare, cold rare. Won't be going back because there are too many places to try
4	My first experience here with my family was awesome. It was a nice surprise for us to see the kitchen when we got out of the elevator. We got to see that they were diligently preparing the food. Our waiter was very attentive and helpful. He answered all our questions and gave us good recommendations. We ordered shrimp spaghetti veggies salad, slow-roasted filet atlantic salmon with pinot noir sauce, roasted semi-boneless chicken with butternut squash, and char broiled filet mignon with red wine sauce. We ended up trying each other dishes since all the food looked so yummy. The salad came with 6-7 jumbo shrimps! The salad tasted light and healthy. My salmon dish came out to be perfect. It smelled great and tasted soft and amazing with the pinot noir sauce. The chicken came out to be the biggest portion out of all our dishes. It tasted differently from the typical marinated chicken we usually ate. Although it was smallest portion, the steak turned out to be excellent. It was medium-rare cooked. It tasted tender and juicy with the red wine sauce. For dessert, we had the banana souffle. It's the best I've tasted!!! Highly recommended!!! Our bill came out to be almost $400...it was because we also ordered wine and cocktails.Overall the atmosphere was very cozy and romantic. They have a gorgeous view, and the restaurant itself is nicely decorated. Great service throughout the dinner. Two reasons I didn't give it 5 stars: 1) food and drinks a bit overpriced 2) small food portion.MY TIPS:1) MAKE A RESERVATION, SO YOU DON'T HAVE TO WAIT. (YOU CAN'T REQUEST SITTING ARRANGEMENT, I TRIED)2) THOUGH YOU DON'T HAVE TO DRESS-UP NICELY, I RECOMMEND IT SO YOU CAN TAKE PICS. PLUS IT'S FUN DRESSING UP. :D (THOSE WHO WORRY ABOUT DRESS CODE, YES YOU CAN WEAR JEANS, BUT WEAR IT WITH A NICE TOP AND YOU SHOULD BE GOOD.)3) BRING A CAMERA, SO YOU CAN TAKE LOTS OF PICS!! (LADIES- WHEN YOU VISIT THE RESTROOM, TAKE YOUR CAMERA WITH YOU. IT HAS A NICE ARRANGEMENT. ;P)4) FOR THOSE WHO WORRY ABOUT $$$ AND NOT BEING FULL ENOUGH, I HIGHLY RECOMMEND YOU TO EAT A BIG LUNCH FIRST. IF YOU'RE GOING WITH A PARTNER, YOU CAN ALWAYS ORDER ONE MEAL AND SHARE. ANOTHER OPTION IS YOU CAN ALWAYS EAT DINNER SOMEWHERE ELSE FIRST, AND THEN STOP BY THIS RESTAURANT TO ENJOY SOME DESSERTS INSTEAD. YOU CAN NEVER GO WRONG WITH DESSERTS. (KIDS NOT RECOMMENDED BECAUSE THEY MIGHT NOT ENJOY/LIKE THE FANCY FOOD. PLUS I DON'T REMEMBER SEEING A KID'S MENU)5) I RECOMMEND GOING WITH A DATE SINCE THE SETTING IS VERY ROMANTIC AT NIGHT, AND YOU WOULD HAVE A BETTER CHANCE OF SITTING BY THE WINDOW WHERE YOU CAN SEE THE GORGEOUS VIEW AND THE BELLAGIO'S WATER SHOW RATHER THAN WITH A BIG GROUP.Enjoy your food!
5	A Beautiful Evening.I took my parents while we were visiting Vegas.  They love cheesy tourist stuff and I wanted to treat them to a nice meal.  Well, it wasn't as cheesy as I expected.  As soon as we stepped into the dining room, I felt like we were floating above The Strip.  The dining room is dark so the lights of Vegas looked amazing all around us.  The service was top notch and the food was fabulous.It's probably the best view in Vegas.  The best tables are in the front of the dining room right next to the windows facing the Bellagio fountain, but we didn't get those tables because most of those tables are for 2 ppl and we had 3.  Larger 4 ppl tables are behind those.  So if you want the best view, it's probably best to go as a couple.  However, even from our table at the side of the restaurant, we were able to enjoy the Bellagio fountain shows and also get a great view down the strip.  I could see Aria, NYNY, Excalibur, and Luxor from where I was sitting!We all had the $89 pre-fiix Tasting Menu and it was worth it.  Every course was melt in your mouth yum.  (6 courses including dessert)  Here's the Tasting Menu: http://www.eiffeltowerrestaurant.com/images/eiffel/pdfs/menus/tasting.pdfIt's really the best deal since you get a bit of lobster, halibut, and lamb.  I'm not a huge lamb fan, but their lamb was great!  The tasting menu had smaller portions, but I was stuffed by the end of the meal.  We also dished out an additional $6 each to get the Souffle instead of the regular dessert.  Again, totally worth it.  We each got a different flavor and sampled each others: Pistachio, Grand Marnier, and Chocolate..  All were beautifully sweet and fluffy but with their own personalities.  Definitely don't miss out on the Souffle.The bar looked like a good alternative if you don't want to spend the $$ on dinner.  But once you see the view, you might want to send the whole evening there.
5	we had the best time here. great food great service and a killer view. we made reservations at least 2 weeks before and we waited a little longer for a table by the window so we could watch the bellagio fountains TOTALLY WORTH IT!  a bit pricey but hello dont forget your in effing vegas. best items i tried were the seared scallops and the crab stuffed filet mignon. the sides arent so spectac so id probably skip that next time. but overall a fab experience
4	A beautiful restaurant that you would expect to have a better view of the Bellagio fountains than it actually does.  The service was excellent, and the food is great.  Had the Bone in Rib Eye steak, which was made perfectly.
5	This Was one of, if not THE, best dining experiences I've had. Our table was at the window facing the Bellagio, which could see the fountains going off 4-5 times during our dinner. It was an amazing view. The service was also well above average. Our waiter was great. As for the food, we got a complimentary flan+braised duck appetizer which was interestingly good. I ordered the roasted pear salad and my wide got the creamy lentil soup. Both were very very good. For our main course we got braised short ribs and beef Wellington. Also some potatoes gratin and their asperigus dish. Each of these were AMAZING. The asparigus was so crisp and fresh, and the potatoes were so creamy and good. The beef dishes were cooked perfectly. We also had some really good wine and champagne.  At the end, we got a complementary shot glass sized chocolate moose and cream dessert. We also ordered an apple strudel and cinnamon ice cream dessert which was really good. I have to say, this place was amazing. I'd go back in a heartbeat....though it also might have been one of the most expensive meals i've has too. It was worth it though.
5	I somehow managed to sneak in here without a reservation and was very pleased. Though not as tasty as le cirque over at belagio its still quite amazing. As you come up the elevator there is a small waiting lounge where we had to wait for a table. It was comfortable and they have some great beers. As we walked to our table we could see out the window. Out the window! Crazy view!The room is very open and bright like almost like an outdoor cafe. There was ALWAYS a member of the wait staff at our table with something for us. They have a wide variety of breads they came around with. For starters I had both the foie gras and a salmon plate. Both where fantastic. For the entrees I was able to try the filet mignon and their duck. Both of course...fantastic! Their entree sauces are so tasty and look so pretty.Compare to the rest of the vegas casino restaurants I have been to this ones atmosphere was so much more casual and friendly. It made the whole experience really fun.
4	this place has the best rib-eye steak. i went here back in 2007 during valentines day weekend and nba 2007 all star weekend.i tried the lobster something at the time and my gf had the ribeye. amazing food. but the rib-eye was what i remembered the most. i havent been there ever since, so i am not sure if the menu is the same. i would definitely come back when i have the money.food = great quality and tasteservice = always on point fast price = expect to pay $150+ for dinner for 2.great ambiance and view of the strip.worth having dinner if you have the money.
5	My husband (fiance at the time) had our last meal as 'single' people here during our wedding week in Vegas (11/08)... and this was a simply amazing treat! We got a view over looking the strip and got to watch the Belagio water show a few times. The staff was the best I have every experienced Our food.... wow. I tried their 5 course meal that also had wine pairing and could not believe food was meant to taste like that! My husband and I decided for our 5 year anniversary we will visit again :)
3	I was pleased.  I think the Filet Mignon could have been better, sure, but the service was very good.  The asparagus was to die for.The view is incredible, the lighting, everything.  The price, as expected is over the top, but not worthy.  I felt [my girlfriend] (I know, I know but she insisted) paid for the atmosphere and service more than the food.The experience is definitely one to behold - it damn well better be for 200+ dollars for two people.
5	We all had the Beef Wellington. Fabulous. We all had Chocolate Mousse for dessert. Heaven. Table by the window for the perfect view of the Bellagio fountains. Reservations were made for my daughter's 21st birthday dinner. Perfect. We all dressed up for dinner and made a big deal out of it which made it all the more special. The huge table next to us was filled with a large French speaking party. Loved it. They raved about their meals (in the positive). Best meal I ever had in my life. Expensive, but it was worth it.
4	Classic.  Beautiful.  Opulent.If you want to celebrate a joyous occasion or impress a lady in Las Vegas, take her to the Eiffel Tower restaurant.  It may not be similar to Altitude 95, the actual restaurant on the first floor of the Eiffel Tower in Paris, but the food, not the views, come quite close.
3	The view was great and the food was just ok. Me, my husband and 2 other friends were graving for souffle on a Sunday afternoon, so we were thinking we should find a restaurant somewhere in the Paris hotel that had it. We walked by the entrance of the The Eiffel Tower Restaurant and a guy asked us to check out their brunch menu. So we especially asked him if they have dessert souffle and pasta in brunch, then he said "yeah, yeah, yeah, of course." We were all excited to have a good brunch.We ordered Eiffel Tower classic hamburger, Light omelette souffle topped w/ asparagus and brie, also some french toasts. When my friend was trying to order pasta, our server was so rude by answering "Pasta and spaghetti are Italian while this is a French restaurant." Then we were thinking why the hack they have hamburger, isn't it Germany cuisine? And then my friend asked him, if we could order dessert souffle, he said they don't have time to prepare for the lunch period. But that's what we've told and that's the main purpose of us decided to come into this restaurant. What can we do? We were disappointed, but we still had to stay. Appetizer: instead of having regular bread, they served us an amuse bouche of some kind of parfait, it was delicious. Hamburger: it tasted alright but very juicyOmelette souffle: texture was just like an overcooked steam eggFrench toasts: it tasted okThe price is reasonable, the whole meal costs around $60. I will recommend to go for dinner but not brunch.
3	A short review:Pros:great viewgot to see the kitchen as we entered the restaurant.Good bread..a very extensive wine listCons:Mediocre food.Service wasn't what I expected for an 'expensive' restaurant - not to say the service sucked, they were just absent a lot.did i mention expensive? for a-okay food?I docked one star for the mean lady who took my reservation as we were walking through the paris hotel. It was during the day so of course I wouldn't be all dressed up, ready to go and eat.. This lady said, "Oh, shorts arent allowed" -_- I think we know. Please don't treat us like kids just because we look younger than 21yearolds.Just plain Rude. With a capital R.
4	Great restaurant. The staff were excellent. We appreciated the help of the Sommelier, who recommended a great wine at at reasonable price. I highly recommend going. Of note though is the noise level; we expected a lower amount of noise at this type of restaurant, but this is typical of everywhere we go in Vegas and the place was packed. A hint would be to request a window table when making reservations or a booth if in a larger group. We were stuck out in the middle and given the business that evening we were in a high activity area. I highly recommend giving this place a try especially if you love good food.
3	My 3 star rating is based on the fact that our bill was $600 for 5 people and I didn't feel like we had a 5 star dining experience.It took our waiter about 10 minutes to come to the table to take our initial drink orders.  I had the lamb and the portion was very small considering I paid $40 for the entree.The souffels were good but didn't live up to the hype.I felt like I had a better meal and service at Grotto (not to mention better price) in Downtown Las Vegas than at Eiffel Tower.
5	Breakfast is the most important meal of the day as everyone says...so why not spend it on a Sunday morning overlooking the Bellagio fountains and a stunning view of the new City Center. We found The Eiffel Tower Restaurant after looking at the crowd gathered at Mon Ami Gabi. Being kinda hungry, we asked the gentleman standing near the Eiffel Tower elevators if the restaurant was open. And there is where our beautiful Sunday brunch begins. We were seated immediately at a table that overlooked the Vegas strip. We were greeted by our server, Stephen, was extremely knowledgeable about the brunch menu and gave us a few moments to look over the menu while he brought us coffee & a bottle of Perrier. I ordered the French toast - brioche covered in carmelized bananas, pecans, whipped cream and served with a side of bacon. 'Bacon is good for me' - I don't order French toast very often but this was the best thing since sliced bread. My honey ordered the Eggs Benedict - a smaller portion that we expected, but very tasty with chorizo. The food was excellent and the view itself makes the dining experience complete. I will definitely come back here again for brunch! It's reasonably priced (compared to their dinner menu), but like I said breakfast is the most important meal of the day ;)Cheers!
5	Phenomenal meal, everything was flavorful, delicate and cooked to perfection. Perhaps the best wine list in Vegas and certainly one of the most romantic destinations in America. The waitstaff was helpful and attentive, careful and humorous. Ask ahead for a window seat for two with a great view!
4	What an experience! It's comparable to having dinner @ Pier 39 in San Francisco watching the sea lions lay there motionless. Yes. It's that epic.The ambiance, decor, and 360 panoramic view is breathtaking. They should make their patrons pay just entering this place. But of course, those breathtaking feature do make an appearance on your bill listed next to your food items. Service:This is where the very annoying, yet true saying applies, "You get what you pay for." There were at least 3 servers waiting on our table of 12, which felt really nice. The servers were very pleasant and willing to do whatever it takes to satisfy our visit. I was really appreciative of each and everyone of them. Bread was served to each person individually while you choose you dinner items and enjoy your cocktails. I was surprised at how long it took before our server took our order, but once we placed our orders, the wine arrived and 15 minutes later all the appetizers, then 20+ minutes later the first course, 30+ minutes later the main course, and 1 hour+ after the desert. It was relatively nice to have that cushion to digest and tipsy chat.  I was definitely not use to the time and the leisure of having the time cushion, but considering the view, it was well worth it!Food:Quality wise, everything was amazingly fresh. From the oysters, clams, lobsters, shrimp and quality cut meats, it was well worth the $$$$. Our party ordered about 5 appetizers, all of which tasted good. I ordered the surf and turf entree which is a new york aged steak with a crab cake. I was surprised at how simple it tasted. Don't get me wrong, the food was good, but it just wasn't fantastic or outstanding. If I were to grade it, the food tasted B average while the quality was an outstanding A.After sobering up, I would really wished the chef  got creative with flavors and tastes. Using crazy herbs and spices to blend the perfect $$$$ taste, which is what we paid. Over 1800. The Eiffel Tower Restaurant is still remarkable experience I recommend.
5	So begins the most expensive meal in my entire life. $89/person, 5 course tasting menu at the Eiffel Tower Restaurant in Paris Hotel, Las Vegas. Was it spectacular? Yes it was. It was SO good. I've paid almost as much at other restaurants, but never quite as much which is why this is the most expensive meal ever. It was also the most filling and best meal!My friend wanted to go somewhere with a view (not necessarily to go someplace to EAT with a view) and I figured HEY when in Vegas why not go eat at a nice place with a view. So we decided to go up the mini eiffel tower to have a late dinner (9:30pm). We had a late lunch at the Wynn Buffet.Most of the entrees were close to $40. The appetizers were about $15-$20. So I figured why not go for the 5 courses for $89? It seems like an awesome deal. Triple the amount of food for double the price, essentially. The catch was everyone at the table had to do the tasting menu.Course #1: Warm Maine Lobster Salad, Cauliflower and RomanescoIt was simply delectable. For a salad there wasn't enough green for me but there was tons of lobster. The lobster was juicy and I'm glad they took the meat out of the shell for me already, lOl. I think what really made the dish was the sauce. It was creamy but not overpowering. I'm not a fan of creamy sauces usually because it's soo creamy and it makes me feel thirsty after eating it but this was just the right amount of creaminess. It went really well with the lobster.Course #2: Cream of French Green Lentils, Braised HamOkay when they first brought out the plate/bowl it just had this tiny chopped up braised ham in the middle and I was thinking... that's it? This tiny tiny piece of ham. And then the server said "wait, the soup is coming now" and this other person poured the soup into the bowl. The look of relief on my face? Yes, yes there was. However it was brown and that put me off cause I've never had brown soup, so I thought it was mushroom soup. (Yeah.. we didn't really remember what our courses were suppose to be because they take the menu away from you!). Boy was I surprised when it actually tasted good! That's all I remembered how it tasted, just good. I don't even remember the flavors. Just that I wasn't disappointed.Course #3: Filet of Red Snapper, Salsify, Blue Kale, Marjolaien and Pine NutsMy FAVORITE dish of the meal & my life! It was SO freaking good. The red snapper was perfectly cooked. It was so juicy. I've had so many overcooked fish before and well mostly we like to deep fry the fish too. But this was just so good. Ughs, I don't know what those crispy things are called on top of the red snapper but they were SO GOOD. The best texture I've ever tasted. It was a great combination of crispy with the soft fish. The blue kale was great too! It wasn't overly salty like seaweed. This was a perfect dish.Course #4: Venison Chop, Chestnut and Brussels Sprouts, Sweet Potato, HuckleberriesVenison is deer meat! I did not know that. In fact when we were eating this we thought it was lamb. Wow. Nonetheless it was still a delicious piece of meat. I'm not a huge fan of lamb (mostly because I don't really eat it) but since it wasn't, I'm all confused. Because I thought the meat was gamey and a bit tougher than regular beef, so I knew it wasn't from a cow. Is lamb tough? However, reading about venison it seems that is the right texture for the meat. It's leaner meat than beef and has a tougher texture and tastes gamey. But I thought it was nicely seasoned. It really covered up the gamey taste. I only tasted a little so if it was suppose to be gamey without the seasoning and sauce I wonder how it would've tasted? Hms, I ponder. The sweet potato was a nice surprise. I thought it was mashed sweet potato when I first saw it but it's actually thinly sliced sweet potato. It was awesome! =) I'm also not a fan of Brussels sprouts but I don't know, I cleaned this plate and the other ones too. I ate EVERYTHING.Course #5: Eiffel Tower Dessert - I chose Raspberry Napoleon, Vanilla Blanc, ManagerOkay first off when they brought my dessert that little mound of vanilla JIGGLED. It was the most fascinating thing. I kept shaking my plate to watch the vanilla blanc jiggle, jiggle, jiggle. It was so hilarious. Yes, I am easily amused. Back to the dessert. Raspberries were sweet. There were tons of them. I love the cream filling. The coconut crisps were crispy and it was sweet and didn't taste much like coconut because I do not like coconuts. The vanilla blanc, although fun to watch, I felt wasn't sweet enough. It didn't have a strong vanilla presence so I felt like I was eating something pretty bland compared to it's partner the raspberry napoleon. Hms, maybe I should've eaten the vanilla blanc before the raspberry then it would've been tasty. Oh wells, I didn't eat it in that order.Overall it was FANTASTIC. I would definitely recommend coming here but only if you decide you want to spend the money.
4	We had a wonderful anniversary dinner here.  You can not beat the ambiance of Vegas in the place.  So you have to go at least once.  Service is top notch, as it should be in a place like this.  The hubby is kind of a jokester and asks the waiter for "their 2nd cheapest bottle of wine."  But the waiter was cool, it's not so stuffy that you feel out of place.  Wine was wonderful, my glass was always refilled, which is amazing because I can down the vino pretty quickly.  I had the surf and turf which I highly recommend.  The hubby had duck, which he enjoyed.  All the sides that our party ordered were excellent.  Definitely can be shared.  All pricey but worth it, plus the view speaks for itself.
5	Last time I ate here was seven years ago for my first wedding anniversary. Eiffel Tower was my first high dollar meal. It was so good that I'm returning to give it the five stars it deserves. Here's why:1. Very best view of the strip2. Outstanding service3. Amazing food at a (fairly) reasonable, fine-dining price. 4. Perfect atmosphere (great lighting, comfortable chairs, lovely windows, well-placed tables, unobtrusive music).Compared to Renoir at the Mirage (which closed the year after we tried it), the prix fixe menu was half the price and twice as good. The most memorable part of dinner was the Foie gras. It was love at first taste and I have not had better versions of the same dish since.If you're just looking for a great view and place to chill, without dropping hundreds, hang out at the bar. FYI, I think flip flops are sexy on men, but this place disagrees. Dress shoes are required for the boys.
5	One one the best views in Vegas. You will spend a good amount on dinner but it will be an evening you wont forget. I find it very difficult to find something to eat in fine-dining restaurants because I am so picky but this experience was not really about the food. A good way to capture the ambiance with out the price is to visit for drinks and dessert.
4	I had the 5 course tasting menu here tonight - 10 May 2010.  Service was impeccable, the view outstanding, of course, and the food was excellent.  I was ready to give 5 stars until I got to the lamb.  It was a bit tough (something I rarely, if ever say).  It also was a bit too done for my taste even though the photo shows it a nice pink.  I like rarer meat.Thomas was my server and he was quite pleasant, efficient, and explained anything I wanted to know.  I really should go back when the sun goes down earlier.  For the first hour I was there, the shades were drawn most of the way.  Ah, the problem of living in a place where the sun almost always shines.One note about manner of dress - as I was waiting for the elevator to return to the casino level, the elevator staging person talked to a young man waiting with his wife.  He had on jeans and a sport shirt.  The elevator guy said, "Come back and see us again, and this time, I'll have a jacket we can lend you to wear.  You'll look so good."  I don't think the couple cared for the backhanded comment about his manner of dress.
4	Great atmosphere, awesome view, decent food, pricey.  I took some customers out to Eiffel Tower last week and had a good time.  The decor was beautiful yet subdued (as a French joint should be).   You have to go up an elevator several floors - the result is one of the best views of the Strip.  It's great just to look out through the glass at all the lights and buildings.  If you're seated well, you can even catch the Bellagio water show from your table.Foodwise, I think it was good, but not awesome.  For a French place, the French bread was meh - you can do better at the grocery store.  My foie gras was excellent though.  I think it scared off a couple of my customers haha.  My rack of lamb entree was pretty tasty, though it was a little hard to cut.  Being a Chicago foodie (hmm that probably sounded pretentious haha), Vegas restaurants don't automatically knock your socks off.  There are lots of great Chicago restaurants to compare (and several of them, like N9ne and Japonais, also opened up shop in Vegas).  Eiffel Tower definitely wasn't 5-star quality.  I would probably be even harder on it if I wasn't on an expense account.  But hey, it's Vegas, so you are expected to pay a lot for everything, right? :)  The view , though, is very unique and adds to a fine dining experience.
5	This was my first high class, formal, classy dinner in Las Vegas and the Eiffel deserves 5 stars. From the matradee to the hostess to the server to the water guy we were treated with outstanding service. While you can be more casually dressed here I do recommend dressing top the 9's to compliment the atmosphere, music, views and overall ambiance.We were seated with the perfect view of the Bellagio Water Show and it was the best complement to our meal .The only con I have has absolutely nothing to do with the Eiffel but one table of their customers. If you're turning 21, you are already drunk, looking for dinner, and you're in a group with 12 other 21 year olds please don't go here. Otherwise, if you're looking for one of the best places on the strip this is the place to go.I'm not a wine drinker but if you are this is the place to be. There wine list is easily 20 pages with wines from all over the world. I had a few Bacardi Mojitos and they were perfectly done. If you go here and order a steak medium, you'll get medium rare, your order medium well, you'll get medium. Just a heads up...Here's what we ordered...with ratings...Bacardi Mojitos (10 ea.) - perfect...Sweetbread appetizer (20)- small portion but incredible...Pea Soup w/ smoked trout (15)- perfect combonation and the smoked trout was to die for...NY Steak (49) - huge portion and perfectly done...Filet Mignon (47) - smaller cut but filling and perfectly done...Potato Gratin (18) - perfect size and best I've ever had...Chocolate Hazelnut Cake Desert (12) - perfect portion and the hazelnut makes this a great simple dessert. Eiffel Chocolate Plate (12) - Sampler of 5 different chocolate desserts and each was better than the last. Incredible...Food Quality: 5 starSpend-o-meter: It's up there...we spent 235 before tip (45)...for what we got, service we received, atmosphere, and view however I was expecting it to be much more.Value: I walked out feeling like I got the best end of the deal. Best meal and dining experience I've had in a long time.
3	First off, the view of the bellagio and the water show is AMAZING FROM HERE!!The food here is just decent. You're paying more for the view and the fact you're on the top of las vegas in a qausi eiffel tower. Def worth the experience. Not sure if they have a bar up there, but i'd just get drinks up there if I could instead of eating
4	The birthday boy wanted to come to the Eiffel Tower Restaurant for dinner,. the birthday boy gets what he wants,..After a long day of walking the strip and checking out different restaurants and their menus,.. we finally made a decision to eat at the Eiffel Tower,. despite the fact that,.. I know the boys REALLY wanted to eat here, cause they were gambling on some basketball games downstairs and wanted to stay close so they can pick up their winnings?! :)Anywho,..We were around the Eiffel Tower about 4pm and the security was nice enough to escort us up the tower and showed us around the restaurant.  Dress Code is enforced,.. so the boys had to go back to the hotel room and change :) I would suggest in making reservations before coming to the restaurant.  I noticed quite a few people were waiting infront to get seated. The view was breathtaking,. and I couldn't stop staring out the window during dinner.  We were seated slightly close to the window and was able to catch the water show at Bellagio.We ordered the steak, rack of lamb, black cod prepared in a bag?,. a side of asparagus and cream spinach/ mushrooms.  The entrees didn't stand out to me, but the side order of the "cream spinach/mushrooms" was yummmy!We wanted to order the creme brulee, but our waiter said they were sold out! x__X ,. we ended up skipping dessert =(* maybe next time!  Our waiter did bring out a special treat for the BIRTHDAY BOY!As we were walking out to the elevator, I kindly asked a man to take a picture for my friends and I,. the man hesitated for a good minute and stated he was the photographer,. BLAHBLAHBLAH and took the photo for us.  He didn't seem to friendly and was a bit awkward,. it seemed like he was butthurt that I wanted to take a photo with my digital camera and not his,.. MINUS ONE STAR, thanks to the RUDE and DISRESPECTFUL camera man!  Other than that,.. everything was A OK!
5	oh my gosh...this has to be hands-down one of the best meals ive ever had. as a finale to our trip, we decided to treat ourselves to a delicious, over-the-top meal at the eiffel tower. and i have to say, it was amazing, delicious and of course, worth it.  we arrived at 8, reservations highly recommended! we had to wait a bit to be seated, so we had a cocktail at the bar, which were phenomenal! we were seated in a corner table, along the windows looking at the paris balloon and the bellagio fountains. overwhelmed with what to order, we settled on a few things and shared sides. all of which were phenomenal. but im getting ahead of myself- we were given an avocado and cream cold soup to start, which was delicious...then we were offered bread...we all opted for baguettes, which were the perfect combination of crispy and soft...2 of us ordered blue cheese souffles... which came pretty promptly. the souffles were heaven. it's literally in the top 10 pieces of food ive ever eaten. just omfg. we got our main courses...my scallops were delicious and the girls oooed and ahhed over their dishes. our sides were phenomenal as well. the au gratin potatoes and the asparagus especially! after our main courses, we were offered dessert...and who were we to turn it down?! we got the grand marnier souffle...SO amazing. also because we 'were good', we got an assortment of chocolate, nougat and caramel from our server! holy delicious. the caramel was my fave. and i have to say something about our service. absolutely 5 star. every need we could have possibly had was anticipated- and our server was an absolute delight. he was especially pleased when he figured out one of my friends spoke french, so they had a brief conversation about where they both had lived. all in all i cannot say enough great things about our experience at the eiffel tower restaurant!
5	Out of all the places that I've been to that offers seared tuna, Eiffel Tower sits on top of the list. Man was it delicious! The place offers a great view of the strip as well.
5	Oooo la la this is as good as it gets. The food was amazing and very very rich. I ordered the steak and it melted in my mouth like butter. The portions are small but surprisingly filling. I recommend sitting at the window for a nice, quiet view of the strip. The Eiffel structure is also very cool, and the decor is all about fine dining. The service was excellent and not overbearing. I do recommend this to couples only because it's a very quiet, intimate dining experience, plus, guys will get major points for taking their ladies, or guys, out for a romantic French dinner.
4	Extremely expensive, but it's really all about the location and the view. You ride up an elevator from the casino and it opens right up with a view into the kitchen. The views of the Bellagio fountain are perfect. We sat down around 7pm and watched as sunset faded into evening and the fountains lit up at least four or five times while we were eating.(Don't cheat yourself and get what you've paid for -- definitely get a table by the window with a view. Don't let them seat you in the back of the restaurant with a side view. Wait for a table in the front, make reservations for earlier in the evening, whatever it takes.)The food was very good, but not like the best I've ever had. Get a souffle for dessert -- that was amazing. The service was good, but on par with what I would expect for a fancy French place.
2	Touristy, with a great view if you get one of the two top tables at the window. Otherwise the food ( just ok ) and service (rushed) do not justify the steep prices including the mark up on the wine list. If you are going to drop $400.00 on dinner there are better places to do it in Vegas.
4	Went here for my girlfriend's birthday. I made reservations about a week ahead of time asking them for a fountain side seat. They told me they couldn't guarantee my seat and said I should come early.I recommend parking with the valet service at Paris. Either you or your date will be wearing something nice and heels so you probably won't want to walk in those. The self parking lot is pretty darn far away (about a 7 minute walk) so skimping on the valet tip isn't worth it. We got the following: +pea soup (6.5/10) Very distinct taste. Came with some fish which was very delicious. +foie gras (7/10) portion was very small but delicious. It was very flavorful but a bit on the salty side. +blue cheese souffle (7/10) Delicious. The souffle was scrumptious. +lamb chops (9/10) M girlfriend said this is the best lamp she's ever had. +chocolate souffle (9/10) Very delicious and full of chocolate flavor. Our server poked holes into the souffle and then pour chocolate syrup inside. +espressoOur total came out to $132.42. A great deal for a good view, fine dining and a relaxing atmosphere. I'd have to say the lamb was very delicious. My girlfriend said that it was the best lamb she's ever had. I thought it was pretty good myself. It was flavorful and not very gamy.  I read a few other reviews commenting that the lamb was a bit tough. My girlfriend and I like our meat rare so I asked the waiter to serve it as rare as they could get away with. The blue cheese souffle was pretty good but not as good as the chocolate souffle. We ordered it early so we'd get it after our lamb chops. The entire dinner was roughly 2 hours. I'd give yourself 2 hours if in case you're budgeting your time. We had a Cirque du Soliel to run to so we paced ourselves to leave in 1 hour and 45 minutes. We sat at the very corner seat closest to the Bellagio fountains. We are from 700-900 and saw at least 5 fountain shows. I think this place has the best fountain shows. I'd definitely recommend this place for special occasions.
4	Nice! OK, yes expensive but when the food is really good and the service TOP NOTCH, It's on my list of favs now....had foie gras and au gratin potatoes and choc souffle, au gratin a little boring, everything else-yum yum
5	This place is no joke when they say it is the most romantic restaurant in Las Vegas.  Me and my GF decided to go to this place to check this place out for the July 4th weekend and had an amazing experience.  First the service is amazing.  We arrived and the person at the escalator showed us the way to the restaurant.  The servers were very courteous and knowledgeable about the food being served.  I asked for a recommendation and our server suggested the sea bass and it did not disappoint.  Our server name was George and he did everything he could to make our visit an enjoyable one.  Thanks George!The food was overall spot on for me.  The sea bass was lightly crispy on the outside and very flavorful on the inside.  I also go to try fore groie.  It's supposed to be duck liver and it was fused with some cherries.  I am glad I tried it, but I will definitely not order it again in the future.  Just not my kind of dish.  We ended our meal with pistachio and gran broule souffles.  First time I ever had souffle and now I understand what the fuss is all about.  I am now a souffle fan!Lastly the ambiance of the place is very nice and with a great view.  Make sure to request for a window view.  It is well worth the extra 15 minute wait.  I was lucky enough to sit at a window table and go to see the Bellagio water show every 15 minutes.  Then we enjoyed the firework show that was being displayed at Cesar's Palace.  It was quite a memorable night for us.All this does come at a price.  Total bill for me n my GF was $200, but the experience was priceless.  I am glad I had the chance to dine at such an exquisite restaurant.  TIP: I showed up in a t-shirt and jeans.  Make sure to wear a collar shirt or else they will provide you with a jacket.  Also do not wear shorts because I saw some guy having to put on loaner slacks.  Bon Appetit!!!
4	Amazing. although i only brought shorts to Vegas because it was 100+ degrees, they had some dress pants and jackets for patrons.Food was pretty good. we had the rack of Lamb, salad, filet mignon, and some dessert.Dinner was comp'd so we werent complaining.BEAUTIFUL view of Bellagios water show
3	Nothing particularly wrong with the place, I just didn't overly enjoy my meal here.  I don't mind eating at expensive restaurants, but I hate being nickle and dimed for my food at these places.  I want a meal, not a small piece of meat when I'm paying $200 for 2 people.  The service was excellent, but I just don't see myself going after this experience again.
4	I don't have the Joel Robuchon dollaz quite yet but I still wanted bougie food to celebrate my boyfriend's birthday. Most of Yelp's reviews are good, praising the food. Any bad reviews are attributed to bad service. I ate there on a Monday night (7/5) and the service was great! When we first got there, the table wasn't ready, so we waited in the bar which was dark but I felt sexy just sitting there. We got seated in front of the window, the Bellagio fountain show is great for filling awkward silence. Our waiter greeted us and he was very friendly, although he started out with an Irish accent and by the end of the meal it was Van Damme/George St. Pierre. We ordered: -Foie Gras with braised bing cherries-Sea bass with tomato quinoa (I've never had quinoa so delicious)-Beef wellington (good sized portion, we left with take home)-Crispy Pomme Dauphines (the serving size is a lot for 2 people)-chocolate souffle for dessertWe also ordered 3 cocktails and our bill came out to about $180. Considering it's Las Vegas and a bottle of water will cost you $2.50, our bill wasn't bad. The food was good, the view was great, service is friendly. The only thing was we didn't get a special birthday treat for the birthday boy so I'll knock off a star for that.Don't forget to:-Dress up-Make reservation-Order a souffle in the beginning
4	Went here for an anniversary on my last trip to Vegas, and had a great dinner.  Made reservations for 6:15pm on a Friday night and got seated right away.  We even got a window table with a view of the Bellagio Fountains.  We ordered some cocktails that were from their cookbook, so we decided to try them.  I cant remember what they were called, but they were good. The avocado cold soup thing that they brought out was great, it was crisp and for lack of a better description, tasted like a super fresh, smooth quacamole. We split the heirloom tomato salad, which was so light, yet so flavorful. It was so good, we had to try to make it at home when we got back.  It had heirloom tomatoes, avocado, radish and some celery leaves.  The dressing was tomato water with a basil oil.  SO GOOD. The bread guy that comes around is great.  He does his job well, maybe a little too well.  I was full off the bread before the meal even came. For dinner, we ordered the Filet Mignon and the Beef Wellington.  The filet was tender and flavorful, and cooked just right.  They tell you in advance that the Wellington cant be cooked to order, because they have to cook it until the puff pastry is done, which is good for those that dont already know that.  We also ordered the creamed spinach and mushrooms and the au gratin potatoes.  The spinach and mushrooms were delicious, and the potatoes were decent. They just didnt "WOW" me.  While ordering your meal, the server asks you if you will be ordering a Souffle, because they have to put the order in early since they take time to cook.  We read reviews on Yelp that said you have to try the souffle, so we chose the chocolate one.  It was light and had just the right amount of flavor.  Next time, I think I'd like to try the raspberry one, if it is in season. The waiter was super nice, and he brought out this cute chocolate...thing...on a plate that said happy anniversary in chocolate.  Since it was a nice night out, we bought tickets to go up to the top of the Eiffel Tower, and it was super convenient that we could buy them through the restaurant.  We also bought a copy of their cookbook, so that we could learn to make that addicting tomato salad at home.  Our bill came out to just under $300, for 2 people.  Not too bad considering we paid $35 for the cookbook and $30 for the Eiffel Tower Tickets. The only reason I am deducting one star, is that the downstairs staff isnt very friendly, and when we had trouble finding the elevator to go up to the restaurant, this elevator control lady was rude, telling us that this was only the DOWN elevator and to stop pressing the button.
4	Just tried Eiffel Tower Restaurant for an early Anniversary dinner. LOVED IT! Great place for a special celebration. The tables on either side of us were also celebrating anniversaries.My partner and I both had the tasting menu for $89 per head, and then ordered a half bottle of wine, and a couple of upgrades...like the Baked Camembert (could have skipped it), and the Chocolate Souffle (worth it!). Overall worked out to about $125+ per person. Somewhat pricey, but for the great Bellagio Fountain views, excellent service, creative and tasty dishes, and reasonably sized portions...it's definitely worth it for the special occasion.Tasting menu had:- Crab corn chowder - Pretty good, Nice presentation- Mediterranean Sea Bass over Quinoa - Very tasty, very inventive quinoa prep with chicken stock, champagne butter reduction and crispy shallots.- Veal with mushrooms - Only OK- Choice of dessert, upgrade charge for souffle - definitely worth the upgrade.For best views and ambiance (for couples, anyway), get the table right by the windows, and get there by 6:30pm (during summer) to get the full range of time-of-day views...sunset through night time...it's breathtaking.Definitely coming back.
2	Okay I have been to this place a few times and every time the food is less than stellar and the service is eh. I've tried the Steaks, Fish, Chicken and Duck. The Duck was the best of the bunch, but still not what you would expect from a restaurant like this. The dessert was the worst Creme Brulee I've probably had anywhere. This place is cute for having a few cocktails, but if you're looking for a great dinner spot, head down stairs to Mon Ami Gabi.
5	Order the filet and it was perfect. The view of Rhe strip and fountian is one of a kind. Please remember to wear pants and coller, this is not Wendy's! Worth the money, right under $200 for 2 people with wine.
4	All right, this is an expensive place. Anyone looking to come here should not worry about either money or time. This is a place for pampering yourself. Take a deep breath, dress up and relax. Do NOT keep any activities after the dinner here since the dinner will take at least 2 hours (typical of a french restaurant). Here are my 3 most important tips for future patrons.1. No tickets or shows for at least 2 hours (preferably 3) from your reservation.2. Reserve a table ahead ALWAYS and ask for a table by the window with a view of the Bellagio Water Fountain.3. Try the Bananna Souffle, the maitre d will ask if you want it right up front while seating you since that takes time to prepare.
5	This is currently my favorite place to dine at when I visit Las Vegas. Every visit is always memorable. Try to make it a romantic night out with your significant other and request to dine at one of the tables by the window facing the strip. At night, you receive one of the best views of the strip. If you are lucky, you'll also have the opportunity to view the Bellagio fountain show at night from your seats with an aerial view. However, the raving about the environment does not do this establishment enough justice. The food here is delicious, imaginative, and playful. The chefs here aren't afraid to color outside the lines and it shows. Their cold foie gras is a delightful way to enjoy a typically seared liver. I haven't been disappointed with anything I've ordered here. Bon appetit!
3	We came here for lunch and a view of the strip.  There's not much of a weekday lunch crowd and getting a nice table with a view of the strip, Bellagio, and Caesars' Palace was easy.  I had a nice $16 burger that was cooked medium rare as requested.  Wife had baked vegetable crepes for $17.  Food was ok, but you're really paying for the view.   They also served complimentary bread puffs and a nice pistachio pudding.   Having recently gone to the Hancock's 95th floor Signature Room, I thought we might be going to the top of the Eiffel Tower, but this place is like at the 5th floor elevation.  Makes sense - they wouldn't have a whole lot of tables at the top of that skinny tower!
3	I have to admit that this is a bit way over priced for the quality of food.  However, the view and atmosphere made this place a place to have dinner.My wife and I went here for our anniversary.  Our seats were next to the window.  So, it was rather nice.  We oversaw the Bellagio fountains.  I wished they could open the windows so we could have the chance to listen to the music.  Oh well.As for the environment, it is a very cozy and romantic place.  However, I would say that the negative is that you are within a foot or two from the next table.  There was very limited space to manuever.As for the service, no better word than Excellent.As for the food, we had the seafood sampler.  My wife and I ordered somewhat the same thing in Scottland, England and expected a similiar presentation.  But, the results was truly different.  It was 1/4 of the size in a oversized ice-cup.  Granted, the seafood was fresh, but we were expecting MORE... Oh well...I ordered the T-bone steak and she had the duck.  Steak was ok and the duck was a bit over cooked.  We shared a chocolate cake together ~ too sweet.... In summmary, compared to the other high-end restaurants, this was a bit disappointing.  If it was not for the view of the Bellagio fountains, I would have rated it much lower.
4	I am paying for the view but the view is worth it.  The people who work there are attentive.Try eating there for brunch.
5	The BEST restaurant I have been to ...EVER!!! The service is excellent from the elevator ride, to the lady who sat us, to our server. Even the manager came out and made sure everything was going well. We ordered about 4 different sides and all were GREAT, specially the shrooms. The filet mignon with the red wine vinagrette marinade was beyond belief. It was as if 1,000 cherubs finished in my mouth!!!!  The place is dim, but has enough light to see your food and overlooking the Vegas strip is a damn near unbeatable backdrop. Also if you have a good seat you can clealy view the Bellagios water show. I'm pretty sure this restaurant has a sister location in Heaven!!! A MUST TRY next time ur in Vegas!!! BTW I brought my kids and didnt get a stink eye from the staff for doing so. (it does help that they are well trained in the art of fine dining manners.)
3	The first time was a 10 star - this time the whole place looked worn out - the service and the food has gone down!
4	The view here is amazing. Can't comment on the food but I'm sure it's good. Just sat down at the bar and conversed with our man, Harold?, who served up a few dirty martinis with a twist. Amazing service even after one in our party lost a bit of balance and drink in the process.Just be nice to the doorman at the elevator and you'll get upstairs to enjoy the view and drinks.
5	My husband and I came here for the first time two years ago to celebrate our tenth anniversary. I made a reservation for early dinner (5:30pm) because I want to have a table facing the Bellagio fountain. I was not disappointed. We were given the corner table by the window, the very best seat in the entire restaurant!The food was great from start to finish. I had the fois gras for appetizer and loved every bite of it. The lamb chop for my main entree was cooked exactly the way I wanted. All that great food was finished with the delicious chocolate souffle, on a plate with "Happy Anniversary" writen in chocolate sauce.The service is absolutely perfect. Our waiter was very attentive without being overly so. The entire dinner lasted 3 hours and was perfectly paced. The view is definitely one of the best in Vegas, we saw the fountain at sunset, and at night with lights on; I only wish that I could hear the music when the fountain came to life every 20 minutes.I have recommended this place to many of my friends, and came back here again earlier this year during a girls weekend. We got a great seats overlooking the fountain, and the food and service were just as memorable as the first time! I will definitely come back again!
2	The view was nice, but you can get that from any hotel if you are staying on the strip.  The Bellagio Fountains were pretty awesome to see from above though, that was worth it.Food, wouldn't eat here again.  We had the prefixed menu.  The lettuce soup tasted like grass, to tell you the truth that is all I remember from the food, even though we had like 6 courses, so that tells you that it was not memorable and definitely not worth the $$$ you have to dish out for it.  Plus, one of our friends became sick from the food during dinner.Great view, mediocre food, alright service, over priced.
4	If it isn't in romantic Paris, why not in fun Vegas at Paris Vegas for my birthday party? Yes, I had a September birthday party I won't forget!! (play the music "September" by Earth, Wind & Fire...lol). At the age of 18, I celebrated my birthday party in grand Paris with my parents and my siblings (that's extra-won't-forget!!!). To reminisce those times, a party in Eiffel Tower Restaurant would be just like being there in Paris again, except it's in Vegas in Paris Vegas!! Oh Ooooh oouuuuiii!!Riding up the elevator inside the metal structure of the seemingly Eiffel Tower, I was transported up to the restaurant that opens up straight to the culinary busy-ness of the chefs, food servers, kitchen staff and aroma of French cuisine! What a sight as I stepped off the elevator and walked around the curve toward the restaurant in its plush red color and escorted to my VIP table reserved for me & my guests of 20. White table linens, china, elegant glasswares & shiny cutlery laid out on the table with my beaming, happy guests awaiting me on their seats. The view from the seating was the mostest I could have enjoyed, the sight of the Bellagio fountains soarrrring upwards and dancing to the music as if reaching out too close to the windows of this Eiffel Tower Restaurant...exquisite view! This is the "mise en scene"! If you are looking for mouth-watering steak...the Filet Mignon tasted explicitly moist and juicy goodness a la French Paris cuisine, of course! An excellent multitude of wine selection at a discriminating choicest from its wine cellar ranging at prices to an occasion like this one must delve into (but to only a few can afford or shall we say to some it's a once-in-a-lifetime-afford). The staff service is attentive to a point of appealingly personable. Every detail of my dinner accommodations were given the excellent touches of attention, detail, promptness to which everyone of my guests and including me was very much enjoying the birthday event without even looking at the time length we were in the restaurant , which I must say lasted over 5 hours. Fantastic, Exquisite, Unforgettable birthday dinner "affaire Parisien exquise"! We were late to our birthday club dance party in Pure NightClub in Caesar's Palace where the Pussycat Dolls were to perform for my birthday celebration, including surprisingly, Mike Tyson was present..... (to be continued...more on the wine, food, desert mmmmCreme Brulee,etc. I love this place ever & over & ever again!! I think you dine here at least once in your life but do so occasionally for the best)
5	My husband and I celebrated our anniversary  there 2 years ago and it was our first French restaurant. View was as romantic as it could be (we had a couple proposed right next to us)! Service was excellent! Food was unbelievable even for trying something we've never had before (who would've thought duck and rabbit would taste good?) ! The $400+ bill was worth it! It's always nice to spoil ourselves and our loved ones once in awhile, especially during special occasions!  The husband and I made a promise to hit the Eiffel Tower restaurant everytime we hit Vegas together!
4	Their view is amazing. Go there for LUNCH TIME because it's cheaper. The food is OKAY, and the set up of the restaurant is awkward, but you get a GREAT VIEW of the Bellagio and SERVICE IS GREAT!
5	This place basically met and exceeded all our expectations making this a very special dining experience for both of us. I have been lucky enough to go to the real Paris, France a few times and have had some very fine French food while there so of course I was prepared to label this the Vegas version, good enough for the tourist only. I was so wrong. They had a huge staff of chefs working the kitchen which you see as soon as you step off the elevator. The head chef Jean Joho certainly knows what he is doing. The appetizer of warm fois gras with crumbled bacon which I spread on a baguette was super rich and addictive. We also tried the seared scallop appetizer which were two of the best tasting giant scallops I have ever had with a sort of pesto flavored couscous on them. They were awesome. For entrees we had a house specialty which was a olive oil poached halibut which was absolutely the best fish I have ever had in my life. I personally had the seared rare duck which was also brilliant. Desserts were a caramel souffle that they began baking for us 40 minutes before we finished dinner so it was piping hot at the perfect time along with a fantastic creme brulee. We had a table facing the strip and the Bellagio fountains and while the sun slowly set and all the lights came up, made for an incredible view during dinner. This place will cost you, no doubt. But if you appreciate French food and want a super special view and experience, I would recommend it highly.
1	absolutely terrible. everything on my plate was under cooked, upon being sent back, it back under cooked again. not worth the effort or the price.
5	Ask for Pierre, best waiter I've ever had.Pistachio Souffle, unbelievable. Duck & Black Cod, outstanding.Best view of Vegas while you dine.
5	the boyfriend brought me here for our one month anniversary...LOL yea he's a regular Casanova....(fyi i'm writing my review two years later..and i'm still with the same boyfriend if you're wondering...) first off...it's a gorgeous restaurant...from what i remember we took and elevator up and waited 5 mins or so to be seated (we had reservations) my boyfriend had asked for a table by the window...so we sat looking out onto the strip and had the water as our show (from bellagio hotel) WARNING the tables facing the windows are small it's like half a table....when we arrive they had a bouquet of flowers on the table waiting for us (per the boyfriend request) since it's been  a while i cant name our dishes...but i remember it being al carte (however u spell it) so on top the main meat dish ($35-50) you would order a side ($10-15) if i remember correctly i had the lamb while the boyfriend had the fillet Mignon....they were BOTH PERFECT the meal was perfect though it was expensive it was definitely well worth it! (i've been to other expensive restaurants and the food was mediocre (definitely not cool)Service: was great...had a fairly young waiter but definitely attentive...he even conversated with the boyfriend for a bit and took as many pictures of us as we  liked =)break down of the moneyfor half a dozen of roses in a vase (ran about $70)food + drinks ($100)total was around $200 ...it was once in a while kind of thing but to this day the boyfriend and i remember this date very well...it was a great experience definitely worth it
4	Was recently in Vegas for my brother's wedding and my parents, husband and I came here for a late night dinner. My favorite part of the experience is when the elevator doors open, they open into the actual restaurant kitchen! A great photo opportunity. When we were escorted to our table we were so excited to discover we were by the window over-looking the Bellaggio Fountains! They were truly a sight to behold while sipping on my Sauvignon Blanc!The amuse bousche was a cold cauliflower soup and was a nice way to start the dinner, as well as their gorgeous selections of homemade breads.  I ordered the cod done 'en papillote' with trumpet mushrooms and lemon. It is a fabulous presentation but I do have to say the lemon completely over-powered the mushrooms. My mom and husband had the salmon with a Pinot Noir reduction and they both said it was one of the best pieces of salmon they'd ever had. My dad ordered the surf and turf and loved the steak but said the crab was just 'meh'. I had a side of Brussels sprouts that were divine and we all loved the side of asparagus with Gorgonzola.  My favorite part of the meal? You guessed it... the Chocolate Souffle'. The souffle' was eggy, rich and decadent. Notes:  Eiffel Tower is a fun excursion for the hopeless romantics when in Vegas. Watch the wine list, though, it's crazy pricey (I know, I work for a winery and the bottle prices are pretty outrageous). Stay with wine by the glass.
5	Beautiful, formal restaurant and view of the strip. You also get a perfect  view of the fountain show at the Bellagio. I came here for my best friend's birthday dinner with her family. They were able to accommodate the party of 13 we had. Each person was a little over $100. I liked how you could see the kitchen and see where all the magic happened. The lamb was superb! And the souffle is definitely worth it too, I liked how there were different kinds too: vanilla, chocolate,pistachio, and one other one. Definitely worth every bite and memory!
3	It's more like a 3.5 stars for me.The bad: the place is extremely noisy and touristy. A giant number of people waiting to get seated on a non-weekend night. The deco is old and dingy. This is definitely not a "fine" Michellin-star dining experience. The good: the view is quite good. You got a panorama view of the Bellagio fountains, though if you really want to see the fountain, Le Cirque and Picasso in Bellagio would have better views. The unexpected: for such a touristy place, the food is actually quite decent. The bread is fresh and tasty; the drinks are well-made while not exceptional; my entree (cod) is tasty as well... typical good French cooking.Overall I will not go back because it was so touristy. Le Cirque and Picasso are much better (also more expensive). I can see it being fun for some one who wanna go to a destination restaurant while having decent food.
4	Review of lunch.  Great view and location for a tourist.  We had the seafood salad and trout, both very tasty.  When we got there, the maitre d asked if it was a special occasion, and because it was my friend's birthday, they gave a complimentary dessert.  They had forgotten to bring a drink (and we also forgot because the food was so good) but they remembered and brought it in the end on the house.
3	The best part of this restaurant is the view. The food is ok, nothing incredible and definitely over-priced, but the view!!! THE VIEW!! It's incredible.They give you a complimentary little white fish appetizer (which I didn't care for at all). I ordered the lamb chops which were very good, but a little overcooked. My colleagues enjoyed their food, but the restaurant was largely great because of the view and the ambiance.
5	Excellent.
5	This place was amazing! The food was very good and top shelf. The aged New York Steak will melt in your mouth. The view of the Bellagio watershow was great. I highly recommend this place. Just know everything is al a cart and you pay for what you get. You can preview the menu on-line. The ride up to the top is a must also.
5	My wife and I went here for our anniversary in December and we were very pleased with the food and service. I made a reservation early and had asked for a table with a view and they fulfilled that request. They even brought out a little appetizer/dessert because they knew it was a special occasion.I ordered roast chicken, my wife ordered the duck. My chicken was great, and according to my wife she thought her duck was great also. It is a little pricey but considering the cost of other restaurants like this i believe its comparable. Our bill was less than 100 for two entrees, two desserts and drinks.The view is why you go here, it was great the Bellagio water show was going on at the time it made for a very fun experience overlooking the strip.
4	The main reason I came to eat here was for the view. And it was the best part. All tables get a view of the Bellagio's water fountain, although not every table has the best view. It felt awkward to take pictures inside the restaurant, but my family had no problem flashing away at everything.Now the food and cocktails. Cocktails were upwards of $16. We had the Pimm's Cup, Red Velvet, and Sparkling Passion. All of them were extremely good and perfectly mixed. We ordered the warm foie gras to start. It's so tiny the four slices of pear that accompany it was a bigger portion. But it was smooth and melt in your mouth. Definitely not worth the price. Next to come out was the veal medallions. This is a must get; it was delicious. We had it come out with the appetizers.Now for the entrees:They ran out of black cod, by the time we got there, so we got the sea bass. It was good, a might order again.The cured duck breast was not that great. I like fatty Chinese roasted duck much better, a definite will not order again.Rack of lamb was perfect; cooked to perfection and tasted so tender, will order again.We had two New York steaks, both ordered medium rare, but one came out a little drier. It is also a will order again. I regret not ordering a surf and turf instead of the second NY steak.To finish off, we had ordered two souffles when told they need to be ordered in advanced. Not sure if we ate too quickly, but we waited a good fifteen minutes between the entrees and dessert. But then they came, one chocolate souffle, and the other waiter-recommended grand marnier souffle. Both were great, but definitely the grand marnier souffle was the best, will come just for this!In all, the food was great. Not sure I would come back because it didn't seem like the food was worth the price. Next time, I'll just stick at the bar for the view.
5	I love this place!I can't afford to eat here.Compromise:  We go and order small plates and drinks at the bar.  I tend to judge restaurants immediately by the type of bottled water they serve.  Acqua Panna is almost always a good sign.   Every thing I've eaten here has been exquisite, but I've been less then thrilled with their quite expensive signature drinks...now we stick to their reds by the glass.Tip:  Eiffel Tower Restaurant is usually one of the more affordable spots to watch New Years and July 4th fireworks.  You can eat a prix fixe menu, or just eat/drink at the bar and pay the special event cover (I think it was $50 last year).There is bar seating that faces directly out onto the strip, with a stunning view of the bellagio fountains.  Even at the main bar...lovely views.And if you are ballin like that, and have dinner, there is hardly a bad seat in the house.Enjoy!
5	It was eleven am and we were just waking up...mmmm... Vegas does that to you sometimes.  We called our favorite deli, but they weren't serving breakfast anymore, so we made our way to the Tour Eiffel. It was brunch time, but on a Monday.  The short trip up the elevator adds to the thrill, and entering through the spotless kitchen is an event in itself.  The restaurant had just opened, so it was deserted and we were seated by the window, across from the Bellagio lagoon.  It was a dry sunny day, and the great view just added to the ambience.  The structure of the tower with beams and rivets adds to the decor, and feeling of being transported.  I was encouraged to practice speaking French, and all the waiters were perfectly happy to parle avec moi, et ils sont plus polite!!  The waiter suggested a mimosa, and the meal was on.  I got to enjoy the seafood salad, with a fabulous vinegrette.  The service was the most suave and unobtrusive I have ever had in America, with each dish being whisked away just as we finished it.  The amuse bouche of mushroom flan was a delight, as was the meal.  We didn't have desert, but decided to return to the restaurant for Thanksgiving dinner.As we left, we were happy to meet the manager of the kitchen, and spot the chef at work with his crew.  We were snowed on a side trip to Zion, and made reservations for Thanksgiving dinner at the last minute upon returning to Las Vegas.Curiously there was only one table left, and it was at the exact time, 4:15 that we requested.  We had calculated the time to give us the most sunset view.  Not even expecting a window seat, we were delighted to be seated at the window, again with a beautiful view of the Bellagio fountains, and the Paris hot air balloon.   The restaurant also provided a photographer, and we took advantage of the opportunity to have our photo taken with the balloon and lights in the background! The waiter was the professional, humorous, and good natured about my speaking French!  He was knowledgeable, and courteous in a way that only the best waiter can be!  We did have the prix fixe Thanksgiving meal, and the turkey was the most delicious that I have ever had.  I am now a big turkey fan, because of the dryness factor, but this was moist, delicious, and the skin perfectly browned.  It was treated like the game bird that it actually is, and roasted with flair and dedication!The cabbage and Brussels sprouts were cooked to perfection, and the chestnut dressing brought back memories of childhood.  The potatoes were yummy and delicious.  We ordered ahead, and had the pumpkin souffle, which was light as air, and yet flavorful.I must say, it was the best Thanksgiving ever.  Light and delightful, with a French flair!!  Merci mille fois au La Tour Eiffel!!
5	The meal was truly flawless. We enjoyed the 5 course tasting menu with wine pairing. I'm only recently beginning to  appreciate wine, so it was a real treat to enjoy pairings that truly complemented each course. Pairing was well worth the additional fee.Yes, the view is spectacular. The Bellagio fountains never get old and seeing them 9 times during the meal is a real treat.
4	I have two sets of comments here, one for the general public, and the other for the truly discriminating foodie.First, if you're looking for a lovely dining experience, you won't be disappointed.  Everything that came out of the kitchen was presented beautifully, the pacing was good, the ambiance, lovely.  Probably 'nuff said here, but if you're a foodie, read on.I have to lead with the wired, Secret Service earpieces the waitstaff sported.  As you exit the elevator, you're facing the state of the art kitchen, and beehive efficient staff.  If you have lead time on your reservation, do request a table overlooking the Bellagio's fountains.  It's a mesmerizing view.  Casual diners, stop here.  Foodies, read on.Now for the prix fixe.  98 pp for the meal, an additional 69 pp for the wine pairings, and if you're dining as a couple, you will both need to opt in. The amuse bouche was the prelude, and consisted of an onion vichyssoise with a white fish top that was divine.  After this there were three petits of smoked salmon, foie gras, and mushroom streudel.  The foie gras was served atop an almost meringue-light crouton, but it was still too much bread to balance the foie gras. From there off to the first course - a lobster salad over cucumber papaya relish, paired with a Feuillatte blush champagne.  This is, of course, where my palate first deviates from the sommelier's, as I didn't find the blush, well, necessary.  I would have been perhaps happier with a light champagne or chardonnay/chablis sparkling.  Lobster, in my opinion, should always be the star of the show. The next course was the butternut squash bisque, and that pairing was literally too close for comfort.  No, really, the Pinot Gris was astoundingly similar to the soup.  In this case, I would have looked for a little more contrast.  The soup was quite wonderful.Sea bass was served next, over a bed of smoky tomato quinoa that was nothing short of brilliant (the quinoa; not the bass, which I actually found a little leathery and over-done.)  A quintessentially Russian River chardonnay was served; I would have gone for something un-oaked and less buttery.I love it when a restaurant *knows* how the beef should be cooked; just a few degrees shy of medium rare.  Paired with the perfect Ferrari-Carano blend, these tiny prime beef roulades were absolutely top-notch.  Prime beef roulade, horseradish mousseline and a nod to brussels sproutsI can't comment on the dessert wine, as they are not to my taste, and beyond my scope. Clos Uroulat.What I can tell you is to scratch the apple streudel with cinnamon ice cream right off your list of considerations - the pastry was tough enough to need a knife, and the filling, totally forgettable.  Way too heavy-handed on the raw sugar as well.   By contrast, however, the White Chocolate Banana Elysium (I believe they called it), was a work of art (photo attached).If you got to the end of this whole review, without thinking I'm  certifiable, you better link to me.  I want to read your reviews, too.Overall, the restaurant experience was excellent, and someplace I could recommend without hesitation.Bon Appetit!
2	Over priced, I've had MUCH better French food elsewhere.  You are basically paying for the fantastic service and the view.  I go to restaurants for food, not the service or the view so unfortunetly I have to stop at 2 stars.
4	What stands out about this place is VIEWS!! VIEWS!! AND MORE VIEWS!!!  The food and service are definitely inferior.  My boyfriend and I went here for lunch.  We thought that we would splurge and enjoy a nice meal with a good view of the strip.  Upon sitting down I was stunned by the view, however, the tables were all too close and I was a little annoyed at having to hear the whole conversation of the people next to us.  The server was nice but honestly our service was very slow.  The food was delicious.  I ordered the ocean salad which was loaded with tastey things.  It had crab, lobster, prawns, artichokes, celery, avocado and best of all a delicious light vinaigrette dressing.  It was large sized which surprised me because most of the time at high end restaurants portions are tiny.  They really didn't skimp on anything.My bf ordered a lamb hamburger that was delicious.  It was not overly gamey and it came with carmelized onions, peppers, chips, and a delectable sauce.  The bread was also really good.  It had anise seeds in it.  I have to say though I was a bit po'd when I got the bill and realized that my mediocre bloody mary cost $14!  I immediately wished that I had sent it back.  Oh well.  What can you do?  This is a great date place or reception restaurant.  I don't know how often I'd come  ($70 lunches aren't really my thing) but for a special occasion it is perfect!
5	The best dining experience my wife and I have ever had! Many other fancy restaurants the food is supposed to be good just because its "fancy". The food here was absolutely amazing! Elevator guy was very pleasant, waiter was fantastic, sommelier was ready to answer any questions. Spectacular views of the fountains at Bellagio. Highly Recommended!!!
5	The food here is............perfect......heavenly......amazing and then some... Always make a reservation or you will wait forever or be turned away at dinner. Amazing view of the strip. Service is impeccable and they have everything you could possibly want. The place to go if you require everything to be perfect. Will cost about $100 per person for 3 courses. Be forewarned you must pass the fashion 'look' check at the downstairs podium before they let you up.... no sandals, swimsuits, stumbling drunks, screaming kids, black people, t-shirts, etc
5	Best Experience of Las Vegas...The view! Bellagio's Fountain = breathtaking... The food... Amazingly good, worth the price tag.Apps- cold spaghettini salad with shrimp - 5 starsEntree- ribeye rare... perfect fat marbling, juicy and melt like butter.Side- balsamic glazed wild mushroomsSide- roasted garlic potatoes puree - best mashed potatoes EVERService was great as expected...Elevator Up! Enjoy the view of the Vegas Strip...
5	if you remember, order the chocolate souffle before you order dinner.  they make it while you enjoy your dinner.  it's worth it.very pricey but i think it's worth it for the experience, the service, the quality of food and yes, the view.
5	This is one of those special occasion type restaurants....for me anyways.It's a pricey restaurant, but in return you get:1) The best view of the Bellagio fountains and the strip2) Romantic atmosphere3) Excellent food and wine4) Excellent serviceIf you're with a loved one and celebrating something special, let them know ahead of time to make your visit even more memorable.  The food and the service are top notch.  The service staff are regular everyday folks that serve you without a lot of over-fluffiness!
5	Awesome experience. Food, views, and the service are all top notch. Prices are steep, but you get what you pay for!
3	Service is great but the food is just "meh."  I wouldn't go back here-- I went with friends for the view and the atmosphere.  It's definitely overpriced for what you get, and with hundreds of choices for delicious eateries in Vegas there's no reason that I'd ever eat here again.  Note: I was here for brunch, not dinner.
2	The Eiffel Tower Restaurant sits on the 11th floor of the Paris' Eiffel Tower replica in Las Vegas; it provides a decor, atmosphere and dining experience that is fitting with its name (which you may either enjoy or find cheesy depending on your likes/dislikes).A private glass elevator takes guests up to the restaurant (kind of an interesting view of floors and activity on the way up and the way back down).  The elevators opens up to the kitchen where the chefs plate the food.The restaurant utilizes an old-fashioned dining room--plush red seating and white tablecloth--but the stodginess of it is cut dramatically by the view and utilization of the Eiffel Tower's metal legs within the restaurant.The tables are strategically placed so that many tables have a great view of The Strip (with the primary attraction being the Bellagio Fountains).  Lots of big floor-to-ceiling windows create the great view.  The metal framework cuts into the restaurant and it gives it kind of an art deco feel.  The art deco feel with the old-fashioned decor really make this place feel like a restaurant from another era.They started us off with a cream soup amuse bouche that was okay but not great.  The complimentary bread was also okay but not memorable.We had some appetizers.  The lobster Pain Perdu was kind of like a lobster bread souffle.  It was okay though not great.  We also had some sea scallops that were served in a wine sauce with onions.  The scallops dish was also just okay.  The scallops were tender and seasoned right.  I've had much better though in terms of scallops (both in outside sear and moistness) as well as the accompanying sauces and sides.We also had a little bit of their cold seafood platter, which included lobster, shrimp, crab, oysters, and clams.  This is not my favorite type of starter (I would rather have hot seafood where the chefs get a little more creative in how they garnish/sauce/cook the seafood).  Everything was okay, but nothing really stood out here.I had the venison chop as my entree.  The venison chop had a nice red color, but it was not that juicy.  The meat was tender enough and had a decent though not spectacular flavor.  The huckleberry reduction sounded good, but it did not really do much here (not a particularly prominent flavor on the plate).The main side to the venison chop was an oatmeal cake.  This is the second time I've had oatmeal with dinner (the other time was Bistro LQ).  This would not be my favorite side--not bad (definitely tastes like oatmeal).  The plate also featured black trumpet mushrooms and these were pretty good.  They had a nice crunch to them.I also tried one of the a la carte slides--classic potato gratin.  It was kind of lukewarm.  The potatoes were tender but a little bland (and lacked a creamy cheesy flavor).While almost all of the food was average, the dessert was a real winner.  I had the chocolate souffle and it was probably one of the best chocolate souffles I've had.  It had a great chocolate flavor (they served it with a chocolate ganache, which was also good).  What separated the chocolate souffle was the texture.  Very nicely baked.  Great texture and great lift.  Chocolate souffles are hard to get right.  They are typically dry, spongy or liquidy.  This one though was pretty close to perfect.I also had some vanilla ice cream, which was creamy but pretty standard stuff.Service was good in terms of getting the food out at a good pace even though the restaurant was incredibly busy (which also caused the restaurant to be quite warm and loud).  I felt though that the waiter was not as good as some of the other waiters I've had recently.  He did a good enough job, but I felt he was a little stuffy.  I think he could have been a little more personable and relaxed.Las Vegas restaurants are typically overpriced and Eiffel Tower Restaurant is a pretty good example of that.  The food here would be in the same price range as some of the most expensive and best restaurants in L.A.  Even when comparing Eiffel Tower Restaurant to other pricey Vegas restaurants, Eiffel Tower Restaurant still feels very overpriced.  The prices here are similar to Mesa Grill, but the flavors at Mesa Grill are much better (Mesa Grill uses better ingredients too).Eiffel Tower Restaurant makes a great souffle and I would come back for that.  The food, however, is overpriced and average (despite having the backing of prominent chef Jean Joho, who also operates the Michelin starred Everest in Chicago).  Even though I am not a big fan of Las Vegas restaurants, I think you could do much better on The Strip than Eiffel Tower Restaurant.I walked here, but I imagine they have complimentary valet parking or self-parking like the other big Vegas casinos.
5	ive been here a while ago but one thing that i remember from eating here is that ive had the best duck EVER.the view of course is gorgeous, views the center of the las vegas strip, and its set in a very elegant fine dine feel.  but let me tell you about the duck i had here.  i ordered the duck made 2 ways, which was rotisserie and the other pan seared and sliced thinly.  Ive never had duck this delicious before that now, i want to try duck made from everywhere.  The pan seared one is my favorite its very soft and juicy, it also comes in a dark wine sauce that is great! everything comes a la carte so don't forget to order some sides to compliment your entree. French food seriously has the best sauces.  so if you decide to come eat here, please please order the duck :)
5	We have been going to this restaurant every time we visit Vegas and this was by far the best experience yet!  We were getting married on Sat and had dinner reservations for Thurs night, had the best seat in the house.  The corner table with a full view of the fountains.We live in the Napa Valley, so we know all about good food.  The fois gras and scallops were devine!  He had salmon and I had the sea bass, which were outstanding!!  Everyone should visit, I cannot wait to come back... hopefully sooner then later!
5	thanks boyfriend for an amazing early valentine's day dinner!out of all the award winning restaurants and famous chefs here on the las vegas trip, i choose to dine at the eiffel tower restaurant because the view looked beautiful from pictures i've seen and for now, this will be the closet thing i'll get to the real eiffel tower in paris.the eiffel tower restaurant has its own private elevator that takes you up 11 stories. i had requested a window seat when i made my reservations through opentable and fortunately enough, we got window seats directly facing the bellagio fountainswhile we waited for our table to be ready, the boyfriend and i each started off with a cocktail. i dont remember the names, but i know the one i got was the eiffel tower's signature drink - a sangria type drink with a mixture of berries and bubbly like champagne. the other one was a type of pear infused drink.for appetizers, the two of us shared the grand seafood platter which could have been an entree by itself. it is a little pricey ($98) but i think its well worth it. we got a whole lobster split in half, a giant king crab leg with a good amount of meat in it, several oysters and clams, and jumbo shrimp with three different cocktail sauces. i loved the crab, oysters, and shrimpfor my entree i got the roasted rack of lamb with tarragon jus and glazed turnips. the lamb was extremely tender and really flavorful with the sauce. i tried a little bit of the boyfriend's cured duck. we asked what it meant by cured and we were told that it was soaked in coffee the night before. coffee duck sounded a little strange but you cant really taste the coffee and the duck was pretty tender as well. it's not the usual chinese bbq duck im used to. the duck tasted more like some sort of red meat, but still good nonetheless.for dessert i went with majority of people's suggestion on yelp and ordered the chocolate souffle. it was delicious! im not a big fan of chocolate but i loved this dessert! the warm chocolate sauce poured into the soft yet slighty crunchy souffle. a must try! and remember to put in the order when you first order your other things because it takes awhile to make.price wise, it was on the more expensive side, but it is las vegas. the service here was excellent, the view of the fountains were beautiful, the portions weren't disappointing for a fine dinning restaurant, and i was very happy with everything we got. the only thing i regret not doing is riding up the eiffel tower after dinner. oh well, next time! i would definitely recommend this place to anyone who wants to treat themselves and/or other people to a great dining experience
5	BEST customer service in the world!So it's Valentine's Day, traffic is terrible and I have 8:15 reservations here.  After fighting traffic and waiting in a loooong valet line, we go up to the restaurant and realized it wasalmost 9 o'clock.  Would you believe it?  On one of the busiest nights, they still held our reservations and it only takes them 15 minutes to get our table ready.  After being seated, our waiter serves us our choices on their V-day menu.  Everything tasted great, the second we finished something they took our plate, the restaurant was pretty, the view of the fountain was nice, and my wine glass never was empty until the end.  I already was thinking in my head to give it four stars (only because I thought it was just a bit over priced).  However, I ended up giving them five because of this...My waiter came back saying what NO ONE ever wants to hear, "I'm so sorry, but your card was declined".The room went black and I died (at least that's what I wanted to happen in that moment).  Immediately, I called my bank.  After having the worst experience on the phone with my bank again (review of Chase customer service coming soon, and it won't b,pretty) and not having any way to pay, I expected the worst.  With no questions asked, the waiter and the manager informed me in the kindest manner that they'll just do a copy of the card and my ID and to not worry whatsoever, to come back tomorrow was just fine and don't let this ruin my Valentine's Day.Eiffel Tower, I loved your decor, food presentation as well as taste, the live singer and nice views.  But what I loved most was the superb customer service and understanding.  Thank you for not making me feel like such a cheap skate.  Will you always be my Valentine?
5	We wanted to go out to a nice dinner the last time we were in Vegas, but did not have reservations.  I was convinced we wouldn't be able to get in to the Eiffel Tower, but was surprised when they said just wait in the bar a few minutes.  We ended up ordering drinks and a cheese plate in the lounge part of the bar and we were surprised when they came to get us only 15 minutes later!Overall, I was very impressed with the Eiffel Tower restaurant.  I expected to find very over-priced menus with food unworthy of the hype.  I am happy to say that this is not the case.  All of our food was wonderful.  We had the Filet Mignon, the Beef Wellington, and the chocolate souffle.  Yum!  The service was excellent, the view was amazing, and we had a wonderful meal.
4	I went this past weekend and had a good overall experience. You get to the restaurant and take an elevator at the base of the Eiffel Tower to reach the restaurant. The elevator attendant was basically Helena Bonham Carter straight out of Sweeney Todd but I chalk that up to giving the restaurant character instead of being incredibly creepy. The great news is that every table is a good table. The restaurant is surrounded by floor to ceiling windows that give you a view of the strip. I was seated right next to the window so I had a great view of the Bellagio fountain show that popped up every so often. I don't know if all of the wait staff is French, but if not, they fake it really well and add to the ambience. I get that this can be a really special moment for some people but the little blonde teenage girl walking around with an impressively sized camera is a little unnecessary. It made for an awkward moment but I guess the intentions were kind. The food was great. It wasn't out of this world but  I enjoyed it and that along with the view definitely makes it a place that I would recommend!
4	The Eiffel Tower is a perfect marriage of ambiance, good service, and great food.  The dining room is a wonderful treat with a classy dark wood motif and an amazing panoramic view of the city.  Having been to this restaurant a few times -- twice on a busy weekend, once on a quiet weekday -- I can tell you I never had poor service here.  The hosts always seem cordial.  The wait staff is always highly attentive and unaffected even during a packed house.  Food-wise, my favorite appetizer is their foie-gras, which is paradoxically delicate and rich.  The entrees I have tried were the filet mignon and the lamb -- both perfectly cooked and seasoned.  I highly recommend this restaurant.
5	I dunno what it is, the best chiefs must all be located in Las Vegas! I loved this place, went here for brunch and got the split pea soup, It was very artfully put together and the taste was divine to the last drop. My hunny order the french toast, more the like french cake! It was huge, and sweet and delicious. Haha, among other things. I order a tomato crepe thingy I can't remember the name of, and it border on the extremist palate in the flavor department, but it was very savory and tasty. Went here a second time, and got the rabbit, I dunno if I like rabbit, but I felt that it was tender and well prepared and presented. The lamb shank was all meat, barely any fat which was nice and again tenderness was to be had. Plus you get to the the Ballagio fountain dance for you out the window, seeing it from above is a real treat.
5	I am a huge fan of foie gras and they have it both warm and cold . I must admit both were fantastic . I had the fish and it was great delicate and delightful . My friend had the steak and said it was very good . I also recommend the oysters
5	What a beautiful and romantic dining spot right in the heart of the Vegas Strip!This is truly a favorite place of mine to celebrate special occasions. From the incredible views of the Strip and the Bellagio Fountains to the exceptional service and delicious food.5 Stars all the way!
4	We arrived there dressed very casual... We have been looked from up to down and after 5 seconds hesitation, the lady let us go! She should have been more discret. We had to waited 10 minutes without any reservation on a friday night.Inside the restaurant the stafft is attentive and gives excellent advice.The food is very good, french style, but american portions!The drinks are expensive and not at the expected level, except the good french Champagne (can't remember which one it was, but there is only one by the glass).The view is AWESOME! We were seated at the window and had the chance to have the view on the Bellagio show!I will go again there for a romantic dinner in Las vegas.
4	I went to this restaurant with my boyfriend and I loved it.  We were lucky enough to get a seat right in front of the Bellagio. The view was so beautiful. I ordered a classic hamburger and it was the best burger I've ever tasted. It was seasoned to perfection. I ate every last bit because it was so juicy and tasty. I will definitely be back!
5	In terms of food. atmosphere, taste and service....this place is excellent.  Been here several times and never disappointed.  Also, you get a great view of the Strip on top of that.  Great place for dinner and very romantic if you are on a date or special occasion.  A bit pricey...but if you want good food, service and IF YOU HAVE TO SPEND BIG BUCKS ONE NIGHT FOR DINNER...you won't lose on this bet like you would at the slot machines!
4	Very good setting, and romantic atmosphere. Be sure to ask for a window seat, the view is simply amazing. Especially the part facing Bellagio, they have free water works, where you can see very well in the restaurant :]Food was amazing, we've ordered the warm foi gras,...yeah never had one so good. Lamb chop entree was cooked just right. Beef wellington...well, I don't know how the european enjoys their meat...wasn't really my cup of tea but nevertheless was well flavored. My and my wife ended the night with the souffle and a meringue, both was ultra delicious. Service was awesome, almost felt like a personal waiter standing by you. Also the washroom has a waiter handing out napkins...well i've never been to a high end restaurant that has that so this was interesting to me :PThe restaurant is ultra pricey but for its ultra tasty dish. Would recommend for a couple dinner. Doesn't feel like a family place...at least not worth it IMO.
4	I loved pretty much everything about this place!! Once the elevator doors open into the restaurant you are greeted with a look into the kitchen and all the chefs in their crisp white jackets and chef hats scrambling around to get everything perfect. Instantly we felt like their number one guest because we were quickly seated at our table with not a minute of wait. There isn't a bad seat in the house, we were a party of 5 so we had a nice big table in the middle. Dinner couples of 2 get the best seats in the house right up to the window with a spectacular view. If you're lucky you'll even get to see the Bellagio water show! We shared the Beef Carpaccio for an appetizer. DELICIOUS. We gobbled up two plates of that within minutes! They then surprised us with a complimentary little shot glass full of carrot soup which was to die for. The perfect amount to keep our taste buds entertained before the main course. I had the Steak with bernaise sauce, medium well cooked to perfection, and the sauce (which came on the side) was tasty too. I cleaned my plate! Make sure to do the a la cart options as well. Their potatoes au gratin is literally the best i've ever tried in my life. (Sorry mom) Service was excellent. View was great. Food= amazing!!! I definitely want to go back next time i'm in Vegas and highly recommend it. Great for groups or a romantic dinner date! I just wish they didn't charge an extra 15$ to go to the top of the tower, especially after we just spent a chunk of change on dinner. :(
4	This was more than we expected, mostly for good reasons. Yeah, we spent more than we planned for lunch thanks to a pricey but tasty cocktail and wine menu, but we also got more thanks to nice views, formal service and above-average fare.This place was loaded with French tourists when we were there, which is something that's both heartening and depressing. On the one hand it shows that the food must be reasonably good and authentic, but on the other it makes you wonder if the French are the least adventurous diners in the world. You fly thousands of miles for vacation to sit in a replica of a famous landmark from your home country and eat food you could get on any city block in France? Bold move, Jacques! As Midwesterners, however, we thoroughly enjoyed the upscale French bistro food and relaxing setting for lunch. Seafood options were particularly good, as were the baked goods.
3	My husband and I made 5:30 reservations (can we say geriatric) for dinner in the Eiffel Tower so that we would have time to eat and watch the sunset before our 8pm show.  It's a lovely restaurant with a beautiful view of the Bellagio and it's dancing fountains.  We each ordered a steak and sides and a drink and relaxed.  We were chatting so much that we were shocked to realize that it was already 6:30 and we hadn't seen or heard from our waiter in an hour.  Granted, we were busy conversing, but it seemed odd.  We asked another waiter to track down ours and 15 minutes later our waiter approached explaining that he had somehow forgotten to put our order in.  We were disappointed but understood...we asked if we should bother to have them put in the order...could we make it to the show in time?  We were assured that we could so we sat back and relaxed again...until 30 minutes later when our waiter told us that there was a problem in the kitchen and they had JUST started on our order.  We panicked.  A manager came and assured us that the meal was on the house and that we could still have time to eat.  Meanwhile I asked for a refill (which NEVER came) and when our food came we scarfed it down (so sad because it was good) and ran off as fast as we could to our show.I don't know what happened with us...it certainly cannot be the norm for this restaurant or else they wouldn't still be in business, so I hate to judge them too harshly.  They did take care of us and the waiter admitted his mistake.  It was just a little frustrating...a romantic, relaxed night out turned little stressful.When I am in Vegas next I would like to try them again.
4	This is a beautiful restaurant with some of the best views of Las Vegas around. You can see the fountains of Bellagio, and almost anything you could want from this location. One of my friends got married at the Paris and had the reception at this location. The staff were friendly, efficient and great at their jobs. The hors d'oeuvres were amazing. Sirlon burgers, puffed pastries with mushrooms, and salmon wraps with caviar to name a few. Everything went perfectly including the red velvet wedding cake with raspberry sauce. Wow!If the air conditioning kept up with the crowd, I would give them 5 stars immediately. I realize during an afternoon in Vegas, with that many windows, it has to be hard to keep things cool. I would definitely like to visit this location again for dinner.
2	I can only comment on the drinks in the bar.  First, collared shirts are required for men.  We knew it was a fancier spot, but it's also Vegas, where just about anything goes, so we didn't think it was a big deal when my bf showed up with a nicer, non-collared shirt on.  We did find out they have loaner sport coats, how wonderful.  Even more wonderful was the fact that there were men at the bar with short sleeved Hawaiian shirts and fanny packs on, shorts & sandals...but they did all have collars, so there's that.I think our waitress was either a burnout or a special child of God, because I've never had anyone so spacey get a couple of drinks for me.  She didn't know what bleu cheese olives were and when my bf asked for the "same" drink as me, she thought he said Sam?!? Not sure how that connects.It became laughable at the end when we gave her a credit card to pay the outrageous tab ($60 for two martinis & two glasses of red wine) and she asked if we wanted change.  Good grief.
5	Let me tell you how to use this restaurant.  I haven't had their food but in order to take advantage of the view, just come up around 9:30pm for their famous chocolate souffle ($15) and a view of the bellagio fountain and the strip that you will never forget.  I can't imagine a better dessert...it was so warm, fluffy, light yet hitting all your sweet spots...gosh, one of the best desserts I've ever had in my lifetime.I personally thing this was the best $15 I spent at Vegas.  Usually, Vegas wins....this time, I finally won....=)
4	Take your kids to this kids friendly high end and great view of the bellagio water show! We were there recently and they treated our infants so well that the kids were well behaved! They got the kids milk, brought out a DVD player and pay constant attention! The food is winning except for the meat course of the tasting menu which was too well done, for which I am deducting one star. Otherwise excellent!
5	I love this restaurant and I can't wait to return in the future! Not only is this restaurant beautiful but it has amazing views of the water show and the food is fantastic! The fish, lamb, and chocolate souffle were to die for!  This is one of my favorite restaurants!!!
3	Went with the girlfriends to take at look at the view. It was fine but nothing to write home about. Snapped a picture and surveyed the place. At the lowest priced drink being $16 it's not at all inexpensive but the cocktail was at least strong and tasted good. The collared shirt review is hilarious since one of my tomboyish girlfriends was left to dress herself and came up to meet us in a t-shirt and sweatpants with no problems!
5	Eiffel Tower Restaurant would be the epitome of fine dining.  I would recommend making reservations as it can be busy during weekends.  Also, do remember to dress up for this dining occasion.  I've been here twice, and literally every table in the restaurant has a view of Bellagio's water show.  At night, the strip lights really come alive, and you can take it all in while enjoying a bottle of Grgich Hills cabernet sauv.  This is a great place for a romantic dinner, or a friendly get together.  They definitely have enough waitstaff to accomodate both.  The bartender is friendly, so if you have to wait for a table don't hesistate to grab a cocltail. I had the roasted lamb rack with a side of asparagus.  The lamb was cooked to a perfect medium rare, a deep purple in the center.  It was crusted in pepper and served with some grilled tomatoes.  The lamb had the consitency of cotten candy and melted in my mouth.  The asparagus was cooked perfectly in butter and topped with parmesan cheese bits.  The asparagus rivaled my entree in quality.  I also had the opportunity to try the filet mignon, as well as the veal medallions, and both met or exceeded my standards.  We finished with a choclate souffle, which I must wholeheartedly recommend.  The service exceeded my expectations.  My drinks never dipped below the halfway point.  There was perhaps one waiter for every person in our party.  Our waiter was friendly, funny, and knowledgeable on every item on the menu.  Overall, a great experience.Although the dinner is very costly, I must recommend it if you love fine dining.  PROTIP:  You must order the souffle at the beginning of the meal because it takes a while for them to prepare it, so let your waiter know.
5	Incredible experience! We reserved a table and was shown to probably the best table in the restaurant. We over looked the Bellagio water show and had great food. The service was way above par and the setting was romantic. I scored a lot of points with the wife on this date.
4	Nice place with a great view of the Bellagio Fountains.  Came here while we were waiting for our reservations at Mon Ami Gabi to have a couple of drinks.  Both of the drinks we had were very good. I forgot the name of them but mine had some fresh berries and champagne and my gf's was a fruity one with a strawberry type froth on top.
4	My girlfriend handpicked this restaurant for her 24th birthday dinner, which was the reason we cited for coming to Vegas. She is a lover of French food and is particular about authenticity as she spent some time studying abroad over there.We were staying at the Bellagio, across from Paris, which is a short walk using the overpass walkway. I made 7pm reservations for two. When we had arrived, nearly all window seats were taken, but we were able to snag one without wait.Our orders:- Eiffel Affair (drink) $19 - way pricey for what it is. When I see a drink at $20, I expect something spectacular, or at the very least unique. It was cool that this drink had actual berries in it, but was not worth $20.- Escargot $20 - this was strictly for my girlfriend. She did comment that it was not like traditional escargot and seemed a bit disappointed with the dish. I ate the poached egg, and it was done correctly (spills everywhere when punctured).- Lamb $46 - which was cited as Eiffel Tower Restaurant's best dish by our waiter.. it was amazing. Both tender and flavorful, and I haven't enjoyed lamb the same way since. The serving is generous.- Sea Bass $44The view was very nice and the service was excellent. Our server was very attentive and not overbearing. He took several pictures for us. Truly a romantic dinner.In the end, although I found Eiffel Tower Restaurant very romantic, and food reasonably priced, it sort of bothers me how much their drinks cost here. That, and my girlfriend and I both agreed that although we enjoyed dining at ETR, we probably would try other places before returning. But definitely try this place once for a special night! It certainly has real WOW factor. 4/5 stars.Check out my photos for a pic of the $20 drink, escargot, and lamb.
4	This place is great for a romantic dinner.  If there's just two, request a table by the windows.  We had the most amazing view of the Bellagio fountains going off during our dinner!The food was great, too.  Nice-sized portions and great service.  Huge but expensive wine list.  Definitely a bit expensive but worth a splurge.
4	Came here with family so I was able to try a number of dishes.New York Strip Steak w/ Bone Marrow and Cabernet Reduction was excellent (this is what I ordered and would order again)Filet Mignon was okay, not as good as the New York SteakSea Bass was whatever, definitely not worth $44Mushroom side was terrible, asparagus was nothing to write home about.The chocolate cake was amazing (not the souffle, the regular mousse type cake.)One turn off is that they had forced gratuity of 18% on a party of 5.  Considering we had a $740 bottle of Hundred Acre Cabernet, the tip got pretty high.Regarding tipping on expensive wine, I did some research on the internet and apparently you ARE supposed to tip on the full amount of the bill including the wine, even if the wine dominates the bills.  I guess I'll be ordering cheaper wine in the future.
2	I would give 5 stars for their chocolate souffle, their awesome window view overlooking towards the Bellagio fountains, and their meal service but somethings I had to consider were:1)  When I make a birthday reservation for 7:30 p.m., I expect the reservation for 7:30 p.m., not 8:15 p.m.2)  If I want an order of Hennessey, I'd rather get a bottle at Eddie's Liquor for $30 instead of 30mL for $24 (if you're planning on drinking a cocktail, stick to their bar during your wait or get a head start down at the casino or get hammered in your hotel before you arrive~ it'll be way more cheaper in the end!)3)  I'm not an expert on French cuisine, but I expect good tasting food no matter what country of origin. The sea bass was okay with a nice crisp on the skin but expected more flavor and a thicker cut ( I had better at a small hole in the wall in San Clemente, CA); the asparagus was too al dente and drenched in way too much butter for my liking (and I love butter); the mushroom side was sad and I haven't had a mushroom dish I never liked until now.That being said, I did appreciate our attentive server and the experience of fine dining. My date's rack of lamb and creme brulee was wonderful but nothing could beat their chocolate souffle.....I almost had a relationship with it!  All in all, expect to pay for the experience, the view, and the souffle.
5	What a tremendous experience.   The food was incredible but the service was better.   From the way the manager greets to the simple touches from the servers.    The view was spectacular and made the experience unforgettable.     The bone marrow reduction NY Strip and the Wellington were both delicious.   The Souffle was not as good as advertised but still very good.    Eiffel Affair and the wonderful Napa wine selection both made the experience wonderful.
3	I'll admit, I was dubious about eating dinner at a replica of the Eiffel Tower and dining with a view of the Bellagio fountains instead of the Seine. But reviews for the Eiffel Tower restaurant were positive so I decided to give it a chance. I had an early reservation in order to see a Cirque show so was seated right at the window facing the strip. Great view, although in order to maximize the number of tables by the window there isn't much space between tables. Expect to be listening to the conversation at the next table, and vice versa.Service was attentive and food was faithful to true French cooking. Monkfish was excellently cooked, although the portion was small. The chef did serve an amuse bouche of a pistachio soup. Souffle for dessert was good, but not great. Petit fours are served with the check. A loud group at the bar marred the romantic feel of the dinner somewhat. Overall a cool experience but don't expect to feel like you're in France.
2	I hate to be the one of unpopular opinion here, but my overall experience here wasn't that great. Drinks were decent, amuse bouche of asparagus mousse was pretty good, and the souffles were fabulous as described.However, neither of our entrees were good. My husband got the vegetarian crepes (the only vegetarian item on the menu) and found them pleasing at first, but overpowering after a few bites. I tasted it, too - it's like whoever created it didn't actually try to sit down and eat a whole one.For me, the lobster was so tough and stringy that I had a difficult time cutting it with a knife. No delicious dessert can make up for that sort of problem. Oh, I forgot, we ordered sides as well. The potato croquettes were pretty good as long as they were piping hot. Once the temperature went more toward warm, you could taste the grease, which to me is not ideal.I'm happy to pay a premium for a great meal/service/ambience, but I expected much better from this place, especially in Vegas where competition is stiff.
4	We had a great time at this restaurant.  Congraz to the couple who got married that night.  We got there 20 mins late on our reservation but we still able to get our table.We reserved the window seat, the view was great .  the water fountain of Bellagio was right in front of us.If you dining with your other half, you can't just order one tasting menu, gotta for two person.   so we ordered 1 soup, 1 salad and two entrees: one steak and one seafood and one bottle of wine.  it already filled us up and no more room for dessert.   the food was just ok and average.
1	Food poisoning enough said.  Had to leave our show "O" early because of this food poisoning.  The maitre de was rude, cold and snobbish not even bothering to take our names when we arrived.  Service was wonderful as well as the chocolate souffle, but neither make up for being sick for the next 24 hours
4	You will definitely enjoy a meal here.  The restaurant makes every attempt to live up the the expectations of fine dining.  There is a dress code and the staff are all dressed in their Sunday best as well.The atmosphere is intimate and the service is fairly attentive.  This place is always busy so it's hard to get the attention you probably feel you deserve for the tip you will feel obligated to leave.I remember our food taking a while to come out, but also remember it being worth the wait.  It was all cooked to perfection and the portion sizes were spot on.Would definitely go back.
5	Whoa, you need to take an elevator to reach this restaurant. Upon exiting at the top of the Eiffel Tower, you're greeted by a woman and can see the bustling kitchen.I went to the bathroom as I waited for some of my party to arrive. Inside the bathroom, there's another lady who leads you to a stall. After you finish washing your hands, she gives you a pretty towel with the Eiffel Tower Restaurant Logo.Anyways, we get seated and a waiter begins to recommend dishes for you. You can feel the professionalism of the atmosphere and everything is in tip-top shape.We Ordered:1. Duck Breast2. Beef Wellington3. Grilled Salmon4. Rabbit with a light Mustard sauce5. Beef Tenderloin6. Escargot7. Duck Liver8. Chocolate Souffle9. Strawberry SouffleThe appetizer that comes is a spinach soup I believe. Anyways, the presentation was amazing and they serve you bread. The outside view of the Bellagio fountains were amazing too.
5	I love visiting this restaurant.  One of my favorites in Las Vegas (or anywhere else, for that matter).I won't spend a bunch of time on the view, as it has been addressed on this site, other than to say it is terriffic.  The ambience of the restaurant is wonderful.The service at this restaurant is top notch.  I guess I've been 4 or 5 times, and it has always been attentive. The maitre de is always helpful and the entire staff is friendly without being intrusive.  The thing I like the most is that even though it is a high quality restaurant, they don't act snotty..The food is exceptional.  The duck breast is superb.  The steaks are very good.  The vegetarian crepes are very good. The wine list is very good, with a wide variety at all price ranges.My favorite thing there is the pistachio souffle...you must try that if you go there.
5	This was an AMAZING restaurant. If you are planning on eating dinner, I would suggest you make a reservation. When you make dinner reservations, you are seated by the window and are able to enjoy the water show at the Bellagio across the way. I was able to catch the show atleast 7 times before dinner was over. This is a truely romantic spot. very cozy and dim. The food was beyond excellent. the steak and chicken both simply melt in your mouth.The surf n' turf is a great dish. So beautifully put together and just the right amount of food. The farm raised chicken is also just as delicious.Even though it is a bit pricey, it is deffinitely a great place to eat in Vegas. So if you are in Vegas for a special occasion, and you got some cash on you to spend, go to Paris, you wont regret it. xoxo
4	View of Bellagio evening light show! Oh romance across the air...touch of elegance sitting below the tower, staff was excellent. An hour and a half well-spent, indeed.Foie Gras & filet mignon...my favorite pairing accompanied by belvedere and grapefruit delight...Life at its best...our server moved us to the window seat the moment it became available...attention to detail, i love it.
5	Very romantic!  If this place doesn't get you laid or at least to third base, I don't know what will!  The views of the Bellagio fountains are priceless!  Too bad you can't hear the songs that the water is dancing to! We came to celebrate our anniversary! He got brownie points, that's for sure!  Our friends have gotten engaged here!  So again, romantic place! The food was absolutely excellent!  Pricey, but well worth it!  The drinks were amazing too!  It better be for about $20/drink!  I highly recommend the filet!  The bartender recommended it and now I must pass it along!  The waiter brought out both the red wine and hollandaise sauce!  I LOVE them both! So ask to get all the sauces if possible and decide for yourself!
5	Rose petals were scattered on our table and a long stem rose was left just for me. Top that with an awesome view of the water show, great service, and delicious French cuisine. Need I say more?The lights were dim and the ambience was very romantic. Our server, Maria was very helpful in making suggestions and answering some questions we had about the menu. After taking our order, we were presented with diff types of bread we could choose from to start out with. I got the multigrain which was hard, and the bf got the baguette, which was alright. Here's what we ended up having after the bread:1. Tasting plate(asparagus w/goat cheese, duck pate w/pork, and some kind of tomato bisque w/shrimp)- asparagus and cheese was deelish, bisque was ok, pate was "real good" according to my bf.2 . Appetizers( thinly sliced salmon w/toast and a side of capers,onions, and creme fresh and escargot w/bacon and red wine reduction)- salmon was real good but probably would've gone better with a diff type of toasted bread rather than reg bread. We both couldn't get ourselves to finish the escargot. I don't know if it was the red wine reduction or what, but it tasted like liver and blood.3. Entrees- The bf got the surf and turf with a side of potato gratin and I got the Mediterranean sea bass and a side of creamed spinach and mushroom. According to the bf the steak was "perfectly seasoned(peppercorn) and juicy" while the lobster was just tasty. The potato gratin was also good and very light. My fish was real good BUT it was sitting on top of  bread crumb and some kind of sauce which was very sour. I ended up eating the fish with the spinach and mushroom which turned out real good, but opted out of the bread crumb and that sour sauce.4. Dessert- Ofcourse we had the souffle, which was ok for me but orgasmic to the bf. Then they brought out sorbet samples. Flavors were: mango, strawberry, chocolate, and sour cream(the best). Second best was chocolate, then mango, then strawberry.We then had chocolate mousse and cappuccino, both were awesome.Dinner then ended with a 263 dollar check, but was very much worth it. It was just a great anniversary dinner and we couldn't be any happier. We already have plans coming back on our decade anniversary next year!What a great night we had here! From the food to the views, everything was amazing!
4	This place deserves 3 stars but they get that extra star for the setting and service.  Very romantic with nice view of the Bellagio water show.  The server moved us to a window seat before the entrees came so that we can have a better view...sweet!!I had the lamb...must have the lamb at a French restaurant right?  Not bad...cooked rare and was very delicious.  Though I had better lamb and for the price they charge...??  My date had the filet mignon w/ foie gras...l tasted it and thought that it was good...that's all....though the foie gras complimented it very well.
5	I have a sweet spot for this restaurant, because my husband and I ate here the night after we were married. Mood lighting, delicious food, and the perfect view of the Bellagio water show made for a perfect honeymoon night. Fast forward 3 years ... I'm back in Vegas and hungry for French food. Since my husband hates any restaurant that requires him to dress nicely, he graciously agreed to watch our toddler while my sister and I got our foodie on. I was worried that I wouldn't have the same great experience, seeing as I didn't have honeymoon magic to gloss over any imperfections the restaurant may have had the last time. I didn't have to worry at all. They sat us right up against the window overlooking the Bellagio, and our waiter promptly arrived to take our drink orders. Although we were dying to get the chef's tasting menu again it was late, and we had a late lunch. Our waiter was attentive, helpful, and charming.... they had run out of the black cod that I wanted, but he apologized and assured me that I would not be disappointed with the halibut or sea bass. He was right... the sea bass was delicious! Crispy skin and tender fish that matched perfectly with the smoked tomato quinoa and fennel shavings. Total heaven. This was a month ago, and I still think about that fish. I was full, but still had room for dessert. I ordered the passionfruit meringue, and it officially made my night. Tart passionfruit sorbet surrounded my light, fluffy meringue..... oh so good!!! I'm normally a creme brulee girl, but this dessert made me soo happy! The sweet and tart of the passionfruit woke me up and kept me going for the rest of the night. Yes, the food is expensive. Yes, the portions are smaller than our bloated American senses are used to. But it's delicious, and the devil's in the details. I don't pay big bucks JUST for the food. I pay for the experience... a beautiful restaurant, great service, wonderful food, and a quiet moment with my sister. Always a good value in my book.
5	We ate dinner here on a Friday night. We got a window seat and the view was amazing. So beautiful to look out at Vegas at night and also get to see the water-show at the Bellagio. The food was delicious - everything was SO tasty and the service was fantastic. Highly recommend!
4	My husband and I came here for lunch on a whim, but mainly because unlike Mon Amie Gabi, this place did not have a wait time. The service is very good and the view is awesome.We started off with their cucumber lemonade. Great and refreshing, which was especially welcome after walking in the summer heat.They give you a little amuse bouche with their parmesan rolls to start. I found the amuse bouche really interesting. I don't know what it was made of, but to me it tasted like peas - I love peas. Bread is really good too.We then had some soups. My husband had the lobster soup with bay scallops and I went with the onion soup. They were both good, but definitely needed salt and pepper in our opinion. The onion soup is also not your typical french onion soup as this one is thinner and made with cream - also, it has no onion pieces.My husband had the Moroccan lamb burger with potato chips. He thought that it was tasty (I only had the chips) and the little sauce they give you on the side is really good.I went with their parmesan crusted chicken. That was really tasty. It came accompanied by au gratin potatoes (tasty) and veggies (also tasty).All, in all, it was a really good meal and was not as expensive as we thought it would be.
4	A very romanic place to have dinner. Food was small but taste great. Great view, a little crowed for dinner but overall had a great time.
4	Tasty food, great views (the Bellagio fountains and my wife), good service and reasonable prices. No wait, just walked in for lunch. Felt like a hidden gem.
5	Wow!  We have been coming to Las Vegas for years and never even walked into this Casino or knew there was a restaurant.  We came with friends and decided to try it for Sunday Brunch.  OMG - the food was amazing and the views have to be the best kept secret in Las Vegas - it is walls and walls of floor to ceiling windows that overlook the Bellagio fountains and the fountains go off every 15 minutes on Sundays.  Did I mention that the food was GREAT and service was AWESOME.
5	I went to The Eiffel Tower again recently.  Everything is still up to their usual standard.  Great service, great views, wonderful atmosphere, and the food was superb.  Maybe my all time favorite restaurant.
5	AMAZING what a great time my wife and i had. The food was great the service over the top and the view was out of this world. Thank you again for such an awsome night,
5	Had dinner elsewhere but enjoyed the last part of dinner here. Desert and the view watching fountain show was perfect.
1	Insanely overpriced for the size and quality of food.  For example a heirloom tomato salad is $18 and is half the size of places that charge $8 - 12.  Lobster and steak are almost $70 and you get half the size other places serve for less cost.  Quality was only average at best.  I recommend Alize at the Palms for a far superior view, service, atmosphere and value!Wayne Gorsek
5	I took my girlfriend here to celebrate her birthday. It was a Wednesday night, but I made reservations in advance just in case. When I made the reservation online, I advised them of the occasion and asked for a fountain view. Upon arriving, the experience and the view were fantastic from beginning to end. This place is fine dining at its finest. The service was amazing. The host who greeted us once the elevator doors opened was a nice touch. The waiter was fantastic, very attentive, very friendly. He remembered to bring out a birthday dessert without me having to remind him. The support staff came by several times to check on us, offer us bread, etc., and never let our water glasses get less than half full. I appreciated the supervisor, Lyle, coming by to check on us, and his thank you email after the fact was a nice touch. I had the New York Steak, my girlfriend had the chicken, both were delicious. The pistachio souffle was to die for. It was pricey, to be sure, but you get what you pay for. I wanted it to be a special experience for my girlfriend and the Eiffel Tower Restaurant did not disappoint.
5	The Eiffel Tower is where you should have your next special, romantic celebration while in Vegas.  I reserved a table for my wife and I to celebrate her big 30.  I initially reserved us a table at 9:45pm (it was late since we flew from Seattle that evening).  However, due to traffic and some delays, I called the Eiffel Tower to push back the time to 10:15pm and they graciously accommodated my request despite their busy night.At first I wasn't sure how to get there, but the friendly valets at the Paris Las Vegas happily showed us the way.  You get there through a private elevator in the middle of the casino.The ride up the glass elevator was a perfect start to the experience, which takes us to the kitchen where you can see the busy chefs working on the meals.  We were seated by the window with a great view of the iconic Bellagio Fountains, which made the experience very romantic, with its water show coming up every 15 minutes.We had a couple of glasses of wine --- they have a great selection.  The bread was awesome too (good bread usually means everything else is good!).  I ordered the new york steak with bone marrow and cab reduction and thoroughly enjoyed it!  My wife ordered their "surf and turf" offering --- prime beef strip loin with butter poached lobster.  Amazing dish.  In a city filled excesses of buffets and the like, a nice sit down dinner with perfectly sized portions is like an oasis in the desert.We had very good service, probably because we were served by the restaurant captain, Ron Gonzales.  His service, attention and graciousness scores five stars itself.  He took lots and lots of photos of us, even suggesting that we call him when the fountains start dancing to capture a perfect shot.  He was very quick and offered wonderful suggestions, such as the chocolate souffle which is a must try.  To top it all, Ron served my wife with a complimentary chocolate pudding with a big "happy birthday" written in chocolate.  The pudding was decadent!Make sure you call the restaurant and advise them of what you want to do, like birthday celebrations (I hear they do proposals too).  They will work with you on your requests/demands.Overall a great experience!  Will come back again definitely!
4	I really like this place! My parents and I came here for lunch to check it out and since it was a bit cheaper than dinner.The staff are super friendly and so willing to help out.  When we rode the elevator up, we were greeted by the kitchen! Haha, how cool, well I think it's cool, okay? We got there early so we wandered around a bit.  The view was pretty awesome! I loved being able to see Bellagio and Ceasar's Palace on such a beautiful sunny day.We were seated and our waiter John came to help us out and all.  He was really nice, made some small talk in between bringing our menus, drinks and food to us.  I really liked that.  I would definitely have a waiter who is more social than one who just brings us food.  And we found out we had some stuff in common too! Anyways...on to the food:I ordered an open faced smoked salmon sandwich. My mom got crab french toast while my dad got an open faced flat iron steak sandwich.  Ah and a lobster bisque and a cucumber lemonade.Unfortunately, my favorite part of the meal was the amuse bouches.  It was a shitake mushroom custard (? er something similar to one) Gosh it was SO GOOD.  Creamy, light and a lovely earthy deep mushroom flavor.  Then these cheese rolls, I believe there was parmesan inside.  It was crispy on the outside, soft, chewy cheesy on the inside.  There were two kinds, one topped with fresh black pepper and the other with fennel seeds. Yumm!Sorry this review is getting long, I wonder if anyone reads reviews this long.I enjoyed my entree.  Smoked salmon had a nice flavor and the crispy brioche on the bottom was nice.  And the flavors worked well, The lobster bisque was frothy, light, had almost a seawater and lobster taste to it. I really liked it! The cucumber lemonade was very refreshing.  My mom's crab french toast was alright.  I liked the crab meat inside, but maybe a bit too much egg on the outside.  And my dad's steak was nice, a good medium and had a great flavor.Phew my fingers are tired, hope you're eyes aren't too tired.  I do recommend checking this place out for lunch if you don't want to spend as much on dinner.
5	Great foodGreat viewGreat service (thanks Joshua!!)Yes it'd pricey but it's French food and experience is well worth it
5	What an outstanding experience!  From the moment we entered the restaurant via the dedicated elevator to the moment we left we were fully attended. Our waiter was always there and never went MIA. The wine list was a bit intimidating, given the amazing high-end wines comprising their cellar, but we were able to tell the waiter our preferences and price point, and not only did he gladly made a recommendation, but he verified that choice with the sommelier and came back with a different option, which was outstanding. I had the beef Wellington, and my wife had the filet mignon with berneaise sauce. Both were outstanding. We further finished the meal with souffles, mine pistachio and hers caramel. Again both terrific. In addition to the great food and service, the view is spectacular. We had a window table overlooking the Bellagio fountains, which was an amazing addition to the already spectacular experience.
2	Ambiance: 5 starsService: 4 starsFood: 1 starThe place has great ambiance: dark but not too dark.  It's just dark enough to make everybody look better.  The decor is great;  glassfloor-to-ceiling all around.  I got a window fountain view table even though I was by myself.   There are very few "bad" tables.Unfortunately, as with every place where the claim to fame is the location or the view, the food falls down.  Hard.It's as if the chefs are blind robots trained at the Culinary Institute of America: everything appears to be well prepared and nicely presented,but they all taste as if nobody in the kitchen has taste buds.  They're uniformly bland.  (Well, at least, they're *uniformly* bland and notsome bland some too salty!)The bread was not too bad.  The fish was cooked to the proper doneness, but was... bland.  It came with a corn salsa where the corn kernelshad bits of cob on them, as if cut off the cob by an amateur home cook.To cap it all off, the dessert came garnished with a sprig of mint that is wilted, with one leaf half blackened (hence my "blind" robot observation).The quality is definitely not worth the $100+ per person for the tasting menu.  For that price, you can get amazing food at countless other Vegas eateries: Sage, Joel Robuchon & Joel Robuchon Atelier, Scarpetta, etc.
5	My girlfriend and I got engaged on August 27th and I made a reservation at the Eiffel Tower Restaurant to celebrate.  We were greeted warmly at the top of the elevator and the lady asked what we were celebrating.  We told her that we had just gotten engaged a few hours before and she excitedly asked to see my fiancee's ring.  She then walked us over to the front desk and told the lady there about our engagement.  They congratulated us and seated us at a window table.  The view was fantastic!  My fiancee was staring at the fountains and I had a view straight down The Strip.  The wait staff was very friendly and professional.  We ordered champagne and salad to start.  The salad was delicious!  They then brought us bread and a corn dish that we did not catch the name of.  It was a free sampler but quite tasty.  I ordered the slow roasted filet of Atlantic salmon.  My fiancee ordered the baked herb crepes.  Both dishes were amazing!  We both had a few bites of the other's dish.  Now we aren't the types to usually have an expensive meal but since we were celebrating our engagement the price was not an issue for me at all.  I have nothing but good things to say about the experience and we definitely plan on coming back for future celebrations.
5	Romantic, great food, amazing views and excellent service.  I have no complains, can't wait to go back again.   This place is known for proposals and we were lucky to witness one right next to us.
4	The boyfriend and I made reservations the day of and it was fine. The time they had for us was a bit late, but we had a show to catch, so we did not mind. When we arrived, we were seated immediately and our table faced the Bellagio and its fountain show directly. It was absolutely amazing and beautiful and very romantic. We probably saw the show like 5-10 times during our dinner.   He order the fillet mignon with potato croquettes and I got their black cod. He loved his fillet mignon and I really like the black cod too, but towards the end, it got a bit too salty for me. The potato croquette were so good; very crispy and tasty.   For dessert, we ordered their strawberry souffle and it was amazing!!!!! It was sweet, tart, and very light. I absolutely loved it.
5	We went here for lunch during restaurant week and I couldn't be more excited! We had a perfect table near the window overlooking the Bellagio, the pre fix menu was an app, steak and dessert. I'm not a steak eater but it was cooked to perfection, and the peach tart with basil ice cream was delicious. Service was excellent. I can't wait to come back & try dinner, the views will be just as good.
5	Wow. This place is so fancy! We had reservations from the night before, and it was such a grand and very romantic experience. Still a little woozy from the dayclub open bar, but it did make the food even more enjoyable. We ordered the raw meat, filet mignon, and salmon entree and each bite was flavorful, decadent, and heavenly! We had amazing seating right outside of Bellagio and watched the water shows while we waited for our dinner. Our waiter was very attentive to us, and our service was excellent, overall. Eating at the Eiffel Tower Restaurant is definitely something to experience although a pricey one.
4	A girlfriend and I came in for lunch on Saturday to take advantage of the prix fixe menu they offered in support of Las Vegas Restaurant Week. I loved the seating/reservations coordinator downstairs. She checked my name in the computer, confirmed to the restaurant upstairs that I was in the building, and led us into the elevator. It was, at once, very posh and attentive, but cool and casual and welcoming. Definitely a good start.The elevator opens up to the kitchen. A great touch; I love to see the kitchen and have a sense of what is going on with my food! Walk to the right and you enter into the bar area and see the hostess desk. You also see that there really isn't a bad seat in the place. It is tiered so as to offer, as much as possible, a view to every diner. Great idea. The decor is upscale and comfortable, simple and elegant without putting off the casual diner.We were seated at an intimate two-person table on the window, facing the Bellagio and fountains. C'est parfait! Tres jolie! We loved the show against a somewhat dreary day in Las Vegas; the lights lit up the water and made the view (and by proxy the ambiance of the restaurant) that much more beautiful.Service was spectacular. Everything was timed perfectly, from the amuse to the apps to the entrees to desserts. Wine service was expedient and attentive. Everything was explained well, if not a little too rehearsed; we heard the same spiel over and over, almost verbatim, to tables around us. Hint: change it up a bit, add some personality and personability to it! Still, friendly, capable, and humorous when appropriate, everyone was on their game.Mmmmm, food. This *is* a restaurant, after all.Drinks: We opted for wine by the glass, but they did have some yum-sounding signature cocktails... for about $18 a piece. Just not worth it to me... I can have three glasses of wine to your one cocktail and be happier for it. Others around us were loving their drinks, and I see value in that on occasion, but it was something we skipped... this time.Amuse: a light but flavor-FULL mushroom flan with a small piece of mushroom on top. Savory goodness in less than a bite and one of the best fungi preparations I have had the pleasure of eating in a long time.Apps: The foie gras (not on the LVRW menu, but ordered as an extra) was absolutely phenomenal. Served cold, it was a large, thick slice straight off the liver. Nothing formed or cubed or otherwise manipulated, it was marbled by veins and perfect. As if that's not amazing enough, it was wrapped in duck prosciutto. Yeah, drool-worthy.The spinach and grueyere streudel was good. I hoped for more cheese, and I found the crust to be a bit too hard. That said, the flavors were solid and the spinach was fresh. Not a bad dish.Entree: The flank steak had a great flavor and the cabernet jus was delicious. But there was something about how it was cut... almost against the grain? Sadly, it was also a little tough. We ordered them medium rare (I even added "more on the rare side") and they were closer, I think, to medium. Great flavors, but a little lost on execution.Dessert: The peach tartin was fantastic. The pastry was light and crisp, the peaches were fresh, sweet and tender, and the basil ice cream with piece of crispy basil was a lovely, sweet and savory complement to the rest of the dish. Really, really done well.I never felt rushed, the meal was very good and the prices were good. Aside from the prix fixe decision we made, the foie gras was only $20 (and compared to other places I have been lately, that's an amazing deal for what they offer. Definitely a fave!). With 2 glasses of wine each and all of the above, it was only $65 or so each before a tip. Very much worth the visit!For next time... I see wine and foie gras and dessert at the bar. Casual yet still surrounded by the intimate elegance... and with a fabulous view.
4	Went here for drinks & dessert. Loved everything we tried & the view was awesome. However it is crazy expensive. But worth it for a special occasion.
5	This place is pretty pricey, but worth the money.  The food was great!  The elevator up was kind of confusing because when you get up there the doors open up to the kitchen.  The service was very friendly and helpful.
5	Food and service was outstanding.  Had the escargot appetizer and filet mingnon for dinner, drinks were great too.  I would recommend this restaurant.
2	it was 9pm on a sunday and Mon Ami Gabi downstairs was going to be an hour wait.. so F that. Eiffel Tower Restaurant it is.im always very excited to try different restaurant's lobster entrees and i seen this spot had the surf and turf for $64. me and my date go upstairs and get seated after about a 10 minute wait at the bar which had a nice bartender. the view this place has to offer of the strip and the water show across the street was awesome. nice waiters/waitresses and all that, but when i finally get my plate, the first thing i wanted to ask was "UM WHERE THE FUCK IS THE REST OF MY LOBSTER?" they bring out a measly piece of what seemed to be half of a lobster tail and a baby lobster claw. the portion of the lobster was very upsetting but was delicious and so was the prime beef strip loin. the portion of the beef had to be only about 4oz. total. if you decide to come here, DON'T GET THE SURF AND TURF. way too overpriced for a small ass portion.
4	I have only had lunch here. Let's start with the view...amazing, we lucked out and got a window table with a perfect view of the Bellagio fountains and a nice sightline up and down the strip, I can only imagine the views to be even more breathtaking at night. As a whole the food was just slightly above average (but still above average and I have higher expectations than most) but there was a few hints of awesomeness tossed in. They bring out a bread basket and one of the little flatbread things in the basket was simply amazing, we sent the waiter back for thirds LOL and the potatoes crouqet were delish and I don't even normally like potatoes. Service was great as well.. Summary, you can definetly find a better meal in Vegas but probably not a better view/meal combo. I enjoyed it enough for lunch to go back and give it a try for dinner in the future.
5	Perfect place to end a short, crazy weekend. Our last day in Vegas we chose to eat here, it was a major change of scenery because we're so used to eating at crowded, noisy places. But no, not here. You get a beautiful view of the Bellagio and it's fountains, it's quiet, and oh so relaxing.The service was great, nothing they could of changed.They started us out with parmesean balls, and a mushroom flan before our meal and it was a great starter.I ordered their eggs benedict, omg so yummy. I think it was also topped with some spice, the bread it sat on was perfect and crisp! They serve really good iced tea by the bottle called Republic Darjeeling Tea. I read it's the "champagne" of teas. I want to go back!Ahh I love French dining...
4	Didn't eat a full meal here, just some apps and drinks.  The menu looked great but we were not in the mood for the full menu...just starting off the night appetizers.  This place for sure set a great mood to start the night!Awesome View!  Great lounge feel and the apps were good, drinks are strong and excellent!  Service is great too!
5	The food here never ceases to amaze me.  My fav is the steak medallions with crab meat.  YUM.   All the food is very tasty and very original.  I love coming here when I go to Vegas.  =)    If you're a martini lover....they have the best sour apple martini's.
4	I really enjoyed the intimate setting. Great service:)
4	I only visited the Eiffel Tower Restaurant for some after dinner cocktails.  They make a Godiva chocolate martini that my mom and wife loved.  They have a handful of other house cocktails that are pretty good as well.  Not surprisingly the real value here is in the view.  The restaurant look straight across the street to the fountains of Bellagio which we enjoyed three or four times during our stay.  The menu is (surprise) traditional french and I am interested to come back for dinner and will update this review when that happens.Fair warning, collared shirt or jacket required for guys.
5	Went here for brunch on a Saturday at 11am. It was amazing. Seated immediately - at a table overlooking the Fountains of Bellagio. Service - Excellent. I spilt a cup of coffee, they cleaned it up right away without any fussFood - Very good. I had the chorizo eggs benedict. Price - Between J and myself, the total bill was $56 (including tip)Additional notes - They give you complementary delicious french bread, baked goods and desert (snack) Highly recommended
5	We have just recently celebrated our Anniversary here for the 2nd time. This place is nothing short of Perfection. We have dined in so many places previous to finding this absolute GEM. I couldn't possibly cover all the superlatives this Restaurant deserves! We enjoyed a reasonably priced bottle of Wine. I had the Bone Marrow Steak & hubby had the Filet. A wonderful Lobster Salad & potato side dish and great Bread/Rolls selection. Next: The View of the Fountains and piano playing softly in the backround in a dimly lit room all comes together with the attentive service of the staff. Sommelier is spot on with wine suggestions. Next time I'd also like to try one of their specialty cocktails. Anything to stay longer and take in the whole experience! Ask for a table at the window for an exceptional view of the strip and fountains. Lyle was so helpful and our server Michael was terrific ! Some mini appetizers, a palette of asst. sorbets and a chocolate mousse were sent over compliments of ET! Wonderful !Treat yourself to this experience of a lifetime. You only live once.And I cannot wait until next year. We could not even consider another place that could top ET for a wonderful meal/experience all the way around. A big Thank You to everyone there for our special memories !!!Check out their Facebook Fan Page for more info! Trip Advisor loves them too!
5	Great food beautiful view of the fountains a romantic spot ;) in Vegas Had a very nice tasty romantic dinner with my BF love it!!!
5	why go any where else? Food is the best on the strip, best executed,wine list rocks with interesting choices, and the view is well, the best in Vegas
5	The trouble with writing a review for The Eiffel Tower restaurant at the Paris hotel and Casino is, making the choice about what is best about the offering.  The view of the Las Vegas strip and Bellagio water show?  The food?  The service?  The view has to be the standard of measure.  Sitting eleven stories up, the view is spectacular.  The food is first rate. For me, the service was the best part.  Our Wait Captain was named Joshua, and he made it all come together.
4	The food was very good but not at the level of a 5-star restaurant.  But for a nice night out, very worthy.  The braised short ribs were wonderful.The service is excellent.  All personel are wonderful.  We requested a widow seat with our reservation for two and got one.The pricing is not out-of-bounds for this level of restaurant.  However,  be prepared for spending over $200 for two people with wine, salad, entree, no sides and desert.They have a large and impressive wine list but the pricing is way out-of-bounds at 4 to 10 times retail.I've been there 4 times now and find the quality to be consistent.  It is a great place for an event dinner (anniversary, birthday, etc.) but not if you are just going for the food.
5	Absolutely my favorite restaurant in Vegas!  The food is as good as it gets and the service is beyond impeccable.  If you're not in the mood for a full meal, sit at the bar and have a couple of appetizers and drinks.  The lobster salad is my current favorite!
4	High end restaurant with outstanding service.  We celebrated our anniversary there and were greeted by the manager.  As I was removing my jacket, he quickly assisted me on placing it on my chair.  Our waiter, Joshua was perfect!  He appeared at the right time to replenish our drinks, rolls and checked in periodically but not overbearing.  We had the Thanksgiving tasting which we enjoyed.  Turkey a little bland for my taste but the sides were excellent (red cabbage, au gratin potatoes).  The chef surprised us with a couple of "extras"...cold celery soup and multiple desserts.  All excellent.  A beautiful location with a great view of the Bellagio Fountains and the strip.  A great evening.
4	You must go like 11:30ish to get a good spot fast... I think we got there like 12:45ish ended up waiting 45 minutes. Wait was kind of worth it since I liked our view. Food was nothing overly special being that I've had really good foods in NYC...  Service was great, everything was out promptly. Good place to try.
4	Great service, amazing food, beautiful view...what more could you ask for? Well honestly, I'd ask to not be packed in like sardines and a somewhat less noisy environment considering the pricey-ness of restaurant. I loved that there is a dress code in this restaurant. I loved the menu choices. I thought the service was outstanding. I loved the view from our window seats as we watched the fountain show at the Bellagio below and enjoyed the Vegas strip. The food was perfection. The chocolate souffle was absolutely to die for! With all of this perfection going on, I truly feel silly even mentioning the negatives, but for me, the experience really has to be impeccable to give that 5 star rating. We were packed in so tight that my husband and I almost had to look at each other sideways to enjoy each other's company. And because we are packed in like sardines, the noise level is far more than what it should be for a more upscale type of place. That having been said, I can't wait to go back and see if perhaps I can give it a 5 star rating next time!
5	We had a table with the view of the Bellagio fountains. It doesn't get any better than this. The food was very good. The service splendid. But my goodness the VIEW! We made my reservation at 5pm right when the sun started to set and it was maaaagical.
5	Great Service, AMAZING food and the view of the fountains at Bellagio set the tone for a great dining experience.  I make it a point to visit the Eiffel Tower restaurant on each trip to Vegas and have always had a wonderful experience.  The staff strives to make you feel welcome and are attentive to your needs.  This is a great spot for a romantic dinner for two, but make sure to call ahead and make reservations to ensure you get a good table.
3	I went for lunch, Foods are not that very good, but view saves it~;)
5	Reviewing a place like this is very hard. It is Las Vegas. We had an amazing view of the Bellagio fountains.  We decided on the tasting menu with wine pairings. This is always interesting as restaurants give me wines I wouldn't ordinarily try. The prices are absolutely in the extreme nose bleed range. So to break out of the 3 or 4 star range they have to do something to knock my socks off. Everything was very competently done. Flavors excellent. Service impeccable. The deal clincher was the venison. When I hear venison, my mind goes immediately to a poor gamey tasting deer that was shot and driven around on some rednecks hood for a day. I would never ever ever order venison. The meat course was venison. I was worried. When it arrived, it was the most amazing piece of venison  (maybe any kind of meat) I have ever tasted. I'll ding them just a bit for the short pour of the Anderson Valley Cabernet that came with. So 4.9 on my scale. For here I'll give them a 5 because I can't give them 4.9 and 4.9 is closer to 5 than 4. Remember this is Las Vegas....
3	This is a nice restaurant if want to make an impression. Food is adequate, don't think really what you pay. I guess paying for the view and location. There are better options in the strip and downtown. Maybe less pretentious but a better experince overall. Be ready to spend big bucks. For example, went with wife and spent 250 tip included for salad,entree and souffle. No drinks except water. Tables are way too close. I could hear next table's conversation even if I tried not to. Unaceptable for a place this expensive.
4	View is amazing. Atmosphere is dim and romantic. Service is good. My food was good (veg crepe), as was my husbands (pheasant.) A great, unique Vegas experience.
4	Went here for lunch.  We were seated by the window and had excellent views of the strip.  I ordered a shrimp, lobster, crab salad.  It was just what I wanted.  Great dinning roomGood breadGood food and spiritsThe Eiffel Tower Restaurant was a nice experience.
4	My lovely yelper and friend had their tenth anniversary some years ago and thought it would be nice the day before NYE to eat here before year ends.  She made reservation months in advance so dinner was set for four.It was a busy night as we enter into what looked to be a bar/entrance to the restaurant.  There, we were acknowledged and were said to wait until our table was ready.  We sat near the bar and to our non expectation, nobody came to take our orders.  One of my dear friend had to hop onto the bar and asked to be served with cocktails.  I got the pink velvet.  That was awesomely refreshing alochol drink that hit just the right spot.  The other flavors were gin and tonic and martini by the guys.  Low and behold, we were finally seated a not so great table but nonetheless, overlooking a post wedding dinner and a family celebration. Oh well.Our waiter for the night was nice and pleasant. Got our menu as well as our order of the the fine wine that we all love Cab.  Cost us $155.  It was exquisite and worth every penny.  My table had the usual, foie gras and meat was the order of the night.  I went for the braised shortribs.  Very tender and delish. The lamb and the muscovy duck were good I was told by my eating companions that complimented very well with our wine.  To end the night, we four shared two souffles--chocolate and pistacchio.  I preferred the chocolate.  Overall, a great night of food with wonderful friends.  A romantic night out with a great couple. Nice ambience. Tab was steep but well worth it. Hey, we are in Vegas so we should eat like one--at least once in a while.
3	Sis & I wanted to have a nice holiday-time weekend in Vegas - to see all the decorations & more importantly to see BARRY MANILOWThis was his show's closing weekend so dinner at Eiffel Tower was the perfect place to have a nosh.Believe people when they say to dress up!  I'm SO GLAD I didn't wear my jeans - which we do ALL the time in SF.  But not to fret, I still felt their disapproval at my fleece pullover so snooty-rep intact!Sis was also put in her place when she asked for a glass of Pinot & didn't specify Noir.  Gee, I'm sorry but here in Wine Country, Pinot *always* implies NoirBut fake, facetious "french" snootiness aside, we enjoyed our mealStarters included the Blue Cheese Souffle & let me just say this place knows how to make one mean souffle!  Light as air & just a hint of blue cheese flavor (could have been a bit more pungent but was still a fan)Entrees were the one & only veggie dish they offered - the veggie crepe.  Sis loved it but I was completely turned off by the abundance of lemonWhat did absolutely rock my world however was this Mushroom Spaetzle we got as a sidedish.  I could have had about 2 of these as a main course & been totally satiated.  Earthy, mushroomy, & tender pasta-like spaetzle.....absolutely delish!Desserts included the Banana Souffle for Sis & Pumpkin Souffle for me.  We each thought ours was the best of the 2 & again, we're greeted w/ the lightest, airiest, souffle w/ just a hint of banana or pumpkinWas hoping they'd be paired w/ something other than Creme Anglaise - like maybe a caramel pairing for the banana & a chocolate for the pumpkin but the anglaise was still tasty & didn't take away too much from our devouringPeople all around us were celebrating 1 thing or another - a couple on one side of us was celebrating a birthday & then this other couple was celebrating their very first Mommy-Son date night; and this other couple sitting right beside us got engaged right there while we were having dinner.  So much love & excitement!   And this is all while overlooking the Bellagio Fountains.....would totally come back for the ambiance & maybe dessert!Overall, food - 3 Stars; staff - 2 Stars; atmosphere - 5 Stars.....averaging = 3 Stars
5	One of my top ten restaurant experiences of all time.  Really spectacular service.  Outstanding food.  An amazing view.  Expensive (although not the most expensive meal I've ever eaten) and worth every damn penny.  Your experience starts off on the casino floor where you take a special elevator up to the restaurant.  The doors open and you are greeted by an adorable majordomo standing in front of the gleaming glass and chrome kitchen which is a positive beehive of activity. You round the corner into a cozy dark reception area with seating and a small bar area.  The couple next to us was eating at the bar so I supposed if you are too spontaneous to make a reservation you can still enjoy the restaurant.  Our table was ready after about 10 minutes (we had a drink at the bar, which seems to be stocked with at least one bottle of every liqueur known to man, meticulously organized and labeled)We had a window table with a great view of the fountains and strip.  Service was flawless.   They select and train staff very well.  And the food....StartersMe:   Cold Foie GrasBoyfriend:  Warm Foie GrasSet the standard for the dinner to come.  Phenomenal.  MainMe:  Venison ChopBoyfriend:  Rack of LambSide Dish:  Brussels SproutsAs tender and amazing as the meat was on my chop, the star of the plate was the little oatmeal cake it was served with.  For many restaurants the starch is kind of an afterthought ("Umm, yeah let's throw some potatoes on here to take up space").  I am still thinking about that sublime little round of deliciousness a month later.  To my absolute surprise we learned from the it is a Lettuce Entertain You restaurant from the lovely manager who visited our table and chatted with it.  I wholeheartedly recommend this as a great special event restaurant.  And please fellow Yelpers, DRESS APPROPRIATELY.  Yes, it is Vegas where you can wear a tee shirt and jeans 99% of the time, but this is the 1% of the time you shouldn't.  I know you'll argue that you are paying good money so why should you dress up for others but go ahead and wear those heels and dress shoes.  Enjoy it.  Savor the fanciness.   It is a special meal, so relax and enjoy it for what it is.  You deserve it, right?
5	So amazing!Impeccable wine list. I am a Malbec (usually Argentina) fan but also am in love with Italian Merlots. This particular evening I had a french Malbec- Yes! French! My first time trying a French Malbec. It was so divine. I closed my eyes and savored every sip! The nose, the velvety smoothness.......The sommilier looked at me like I was crazy when after sampling it, I said I could taste licorice and bubblegum notes but that is just what this beautiful unique wine tasted like- in a good way of course. The only sad part is that I cannot remember the name of the wine...please if anyone knows send me a comment!For the main course I ordered the Venison Chop which was so delicate and perfectly cooked that it melted in your mouth. I grew up eating venison and have never tasted anything so wonderful. My husband ordered the surf and turf: Aged Prime Beef Strip Sirloin with Butter Poached Lobster. We almost didn't talk the entire meal because it was so delicious!We had a table right on the window overlooking the Bellagio water show which went off every 15 min! The view of the strip is fabulous and romantic. It was just perfect. The service is amazing and you are treated like royalty! Can't wait to go back!
5	COLLEGE STUDENT REVIEW - Las Vegas is an amazing place but can hurt already the poor college student budget. I have been to this place not once but several times! First time, my friend and I was tired of the crowds and the strollers. I was tempted to kick one out of the way. Why bring babies in LV? So we saw the menu for lunch. We didnt have a reservation but got in right away and a great view of the strip by the window. Of course this place is a prime photo spot. Unfortunately our camera batteries was dying. It couldnt handle Vegas either. We had a soup, shared an appetizer, mineral water, and dessert. Just perfect for the budget. I went several other times  - never got an entree. Just recently, another college friend and I had a 6 hours layover on the way to Bay Area. we grabbed a cab, hung on the strip and had dessert with sweet wine by the bar. This was on THANKSGIVING day. Flights are cheap on that afternoon. People was dressed beautifully. So if you come for dinner, dress code! oh, even though we sat by the bar, we could see the Bellagio fountains beautifully. Our cameras was fully charged and we took so many photos. The bar is a must go! They know their stuff. We were actually on our way to Napa Valley and the sommelier was discussing which wineries in Napa is good to go. Since I am from the Bay I was able to hold a good conversation about recommended places - we both ended up writing for each other. Not only that, he remembered me from the other times I came to Vegas! The service here is amazing. They saw I had a big bag and didnt want to lug it around, they put it away in a safe place for me. But But BUT.... the kicker is........the souffle....is the most amazing ever. I grew up eating French food so take it from me. ITS THE BEST! I especially loved the pistachio one and was tempted to lick it off. Good thing I was in a classy place. Plus I dont want to end up on a viral video somewhere. So this place has class - dress nice - delicious food/dessert/wine, amazing view, more isolated from the crowd yet right smack in the middle of the strip. Hence why it gets my vote of FIVE stars. Don't believe me? I was there just last week.
5	Let me start by saying that if you are going to eat here, come a little early and take the elevator to the top of the eiffel tower.  Time your trip with the Bellagio fountain show.  The tower ride isn't free, but the view is soooo worth it, especially if you get to see the fountain show.Onto the food / service / restaurant experience.  I normally only talk about the food and the service in my reviews, but coming here was truly an experience.  When you step out of the elevator, you get a full view of the kitchen.  You can see everyone in their matching chef attire.  You can see how clean the kitchen is.  It's really neat!We were celebrating our anniversary, so we got a great table.  The view was great.  Someone came by to take a souvenir photo.The food was also good.  Not the best food in Vegas, but the experience certainly made up for it.This was also a rather expensive meal, a few hundred at least (plus the souvenir photo!), but it was so worth it.  I would definitely recommend this place!
5	Gosh I've been writing some bad reviews lately, so lets go for a change and give a GLEAMING review!  :)  Ahhhhh....The Eiffel Tower Restaurant located at the Paris Hotel in Las Vegas.  TRES MAGNIFIQUE!!!  It was our company's annual corporate meeting and we were treated to a wonderful dinner here.  The elevator doors opened to a bustling kitchen, and might I say CLEAN as a whistle.  White and sparkling.  We were then led off to the dimly lit dining room...very romantic and stylish the VIEW is what makes this place special.  The Bellagio Fountains directly in front of us.  Spectacular!  We started with cocktails....I had a Blueberry Vodka/Soda with a lime twist.  Strong drink just like I like em....very nice.  Upon recommendation from our waiter, I ordered the rack of lamb as my entree.  This was the BEST lamb I have ever had.  Sooooooo tender and cooked to perfection.  It melted in my mouth.  It was served on a bed of a tomato puree with artichokes, which was equally as delicious.  We got several sides to share, my favorite being the Potatoes au Gratin (served in a mini cast iron dish- very cute).  The wine was flowing and I was in taste bud heaven!  After a while more of wine, dining and conversation, our desserts came.  Boss had ordered us 1 each of the different souffles...all were deeeelish but my favorites and the group consensus was on the Pistachio and the Chocolate.  Best souffle I have had!!!The Petit Fours (I think that's what they are called) came around and I got the Chocolate Caramel...again....DELISH!  Capped off the evening with a fantastic champagne toast.....what an evening!!!  It's pricey, so be prepared to drop some dollars here, but the experience is all worth it.  We had 5 star service, food and drink.  My ONLY complaint was the noise level, but it was so crowded how can you help that.  I can't wait to go back here!!!
4	On our visit 10/14/11.  Great ambiance and definitely a great place for a quiet romantic date. The service and food were exceptional but it is pricey.
1	Never wrote review for the restaurants and thought would never had to do it, but my experience was so bad at this restaurant that i took few min from my busy schedule just to write how horrible this restaurant is.Called early in the morning to make reservation for 8.30pm. And mentioned to them that i would like to have a window table to see the fountains. i was asked if i celebrated any occasion. Thank god i did not because the experience was ruined! we arrived 20 min earlier just to give them some time. when we walked in was very crowded and no place to stand.  At 8.45pm we were approached by the hostess that took us to the very last table in the corner that oversees Paris hotel valet, you cannot even see the strip,  and i requested a window table by the bellagio fountains i told them this numerous time, on the phone and when we arrived, I was totally ignored! They make me so mad by their attitude that i told them i am local i can come back here anytime, i did not come here just to taste their food i came here for full experience. The hostess advised me that we will have to wait for a requested table a little bid more. Few min later she comes back and bring a blazer for my husband saying that you cannot wear  sweater you must wear suit and a collar shirt, REALLY? why did not you mentioned this on the phone about the dress code, and why other guys where dressed differently and they were not given the blazer? and common  its not a five star restaurant!!!! after such a rude approach, we lost appetite, i told them that i would like to leave all of a sudden at 9.15 they found a table for us, one hour after we came there, now what is the point of taking a reservation? I took a deep breath i did  not want to be scandalous never done this before but my patience was at zero. after we made an order, the waiter was very pleasant, but his assistant was terrible, i asked for bottle of sparkling water, after we had a half full glass of water, he comes back and with out asking pours TAP WATER into our glasses!!!! seriously??????after we told him we were drinking a bottle of sparkling water, he said no problem i will bring you another one, at the end they charge us for 2 bottle of waters!THE ICING ON THE CAKE WAS AT THE END! When i orders raspberry napoleon, and what did i pulled out from my mouth after taking a bide? yes! HAIR!!!!!!!!!i think enough said.
5	Jennifer G. from the Eiffel Tower Restaurant contacted me after my review and found the wine that I had ordered from the restaurant! Wow! I am even more impressed with the service! It totally exceeded all of my expectaions! Thank you Jennifer!
5	The food, the view and the service was fabulous. Everything was cooked to perfection. I highly recommend this restaurant. I Tweeted that I was going to the restaurant and the manager replied to my Tweet and made sure our dinner was everything we hoped it would be. Social Media rocks! I had the Salmon and the Winter Greens Salad and both were was fabulous. Their dessert souffles are to die for.
5	pricey but great for a nice celebration dinner.  Service is top notch.  food is wonderful.  monkfish (poor man's lobster) was so good.  love this place and the views you get of the strip, bellagio fountains, and if you go towards the back you can see the paris hotel pool.
5	One of the best meals I've had in Vegas.  The food was great, service was good, and the view was AMAZING.  Great place to bring a date.
1	We came to celebrate my father's birthday and I seriously do not understand how anyone could give this place more than a couple of stars if they've EVER had good food in their life.  The place is gimmicky, extremely loud, and for a restaurant that boasts sophistication/romance/fanciness as their schtick, they sure do seem like an expensive version of TGI Friday's. At over 120 dollars per person, I've had much much better quality food and better experience at much less expensive restaurants.  The quality of the beef (we ordered filet) was laughable. Both people who ordered the filet had to send it back because it was not cooked properly (both were ordered medium, and one came out well done, the other one rare).  Someone else got food poisoning from the salmon dish.  The only good dish were the lamb chops (cooked properly and had good taste).  Usually restaurants that have family style sides will give you a reasonable portion. Not here.  Each side dish will feed 2 people,  maybe.  The steaks and fish are served without any garnish.  We ordered a celebration cake for my father, and the cake was atrocious. Nobody even ate it.  We were taking a photo with my dad and some waiter came and crouched next to him to get in the photo. Really?? At a "5 star" restaurant?? All in all it was a waste of money and calories.  With so many actually good options in Vegas, please do not eat here.  It took 3 hours to leave the restaurant! The service was painfully slow, meals were cooked improperly and we got one case of food poisoning.  One of the worst meal experiences of my life.  The view of the strip is not worth that kind of pain.
4	The Eiffel Tower Restaurant was suggested to me by a good friend who has good taste in food. Well he was right. The food was some of the best I ever had and I'm always looking for the best quality tasting food. I also believe in " you get what you pay for" and this restaurant is no different. If you are willing to spend a good chunk of change then you'll receive excellent food. The only reason why I did not give five stars is that I didn't feel that romantic ambiance that I was excepting.
4	Ambiance, yes...Innovative menu, yes...a souffle...yes! What more can you ask for? The pricing was a bit high, but the wine selection was perfect and the food put a terrific twist on some of my absolute favorites. I cannot even explain how great it is to be confused as to which dish to order these days. Monk Fish, Rib Eye with Escargot Sauce (amazing!), and all of the classics... If you want to experience fine dining in Vegas, you have to go here. Yes you are at the Paris, yes you are in an Eiffel Tower Replica (the real one does not have dining like this) and yes you are on the strip...who knew that they could have such high standards and deliver this well? I do now!
4	Ah the Eiffel Tower...restaurant.   You make your way up the elevator and are immediately greeted by someone who takes your coat and leads you to your table, or in our case, since we were a bit early, to the bar.  The bar is nice, great view of the city, top shelf.  Once our table was ready, they came for us, transferred our bar tab and took our drinks and us to our cozy table for two, overlooking the fountains.  It's a beautiful view. The fountains go off.  Impressive.  Ordering al la carte is not cheap.  We opted for the tasting menu ($93.00 pp) WITH their optional wine pairing ($69.00 pp)...This is a great DEAL people.  An appetizer and entree would have been almost as much and we had 5 decent courses of beautifully prepared foods, beautifully presented.  Now that said, the wines were decent but not what anyone would call fabulous; although I found their pairing of the seafood bisque with a Oloroso Sherry, right on!Have you ever seen the show "Hello Dolly"?  Remember the waiter scene, waiters doing the waiter dance with trays held over their heads?  While service was prompt and well timed, there was also a frantic feeling of the waiter dance...and those trays, held over their heads, were happening over our heads and close to our back.  A little disconcerting.  But nothing was dropped or dripped on us so that was a good thing.  And remember those fountains at the Bellagio?  Well, those suckers go off every 15 minutes...so after the first few times...it's like sitting in front of a clock.  "Has it been 15 minutes already?"  With a large group, or even maybe a new man (or woman) in your life, that may not be noticed so much, but after 23 years of talking, sometimes you just look at the view, over and over.The food was good, a well thought out menu, nicely, although unevenly presented.  My plate came looking one way, his a bit different.  If you are serving two plates of the same thing side by side, they should look exact replicas of each other...at least at this level of service and presentation.  Denny's...not so much.LindySez:  It's a nice date night.  Great food, great view, if you have something to talk about after the 6th time the fountains go off or, as in our case, talking about the fountains going off...and great service (see if we had been paying attention to the view, we probably wouldn't have even noticed "Hello Dolly" was being played out behind us.
5	OK my family ate here Christmas night 2011.  Gorgeous restaurant! Spectacular view!  Wonderful service!  Everything I ate was really good.  My only complaint were the hostesses.  All of them were sour and had the personalities of blank pieces of a paper. Luckily  there is minimal interraction with them.The Wait Staff was really on top of it.  Awesome!The Food...excellent.  The bread selection was extensive.  I tried about 4 different types of breads and they were all really good.  I can't think of the french term for the item they bring to start off your meal...whatever it's called, really really good.  It was a a califlower puree.  We all enjoyed it, along with the raw beef appetizer which was very flavorful.Everyone at my table had a different entree. I can't remember what everyone had right now...I know I had the duck, someone had chicken, someone had beef, someone had fish...everyone loved their food!A couple of people had mixed drinks...can't remember what they were.  But they liked them.  I along with my parents had red wine. Very pleased.From the very beginning, our waiter explained to us that they are knonw for their souffle and if we wanted it, we needed to order it right away because it took a long while to make.  So my dad, sister and I went ahead and ordered the souffle. My dad and I had the chocolate souffle...my sister had the banana souffle I think.  We all enjoyed it but it wasn't ALL THAT to us.  Also, the menu said it was $8 but we were actually charged $15 per souffle.  We didn't understand why and were too lazy to inquire.The view...I think from most/all tables in the restaurant you have a direct view of Bellagio's fountains.  It was lovely being able to watch the water show while enjoying our meal.This place is the ultimate for a romantic dinner.  I noticed there were tons of 2 seater tables right at the window.  Which is cool, especially for their special sunset dinner they have.  On the flip side of that, I did see a lot of larger groups there, like my family.  I think because it was Christmas night, there were a lot of families like us, having their Christmas dinner there.  Great choice.  We were all very pleased.This was one of the most enjoyable meal experiences I've had while in Vegas.  I highly recommend it!
3	We were told by several people this is the best place to eat in Vegas.  We were sat at a window seat overlooking the Bellagio's famous fountain.  That was the best part of our meal, sad to say.  The view was stunning, but the food left us disappointed.  For the price, we expected everything to be excellent.  My drink was the second best part of the meal.  I had the Eiffel Tower (something-or-another.)  It was like a light champagne version of sangria with mixed berries.  My husband had the Beef Wellington, and it was just ok.  I had the filet mignon, and it was tough, dry, and overcooked.  I asked for it medium, so I was really disappointed with it and didn't even finish it.  For a $69 steak, that is not good.  I've had better at Longhorn Steakhouse.  Maybe we ordered the wrong items, but everything should be good at a place like this.
5	OMG the rack of lamb! I literally had a boner the whole time. Good thing the restaurant is dark.
4	It was our anniversary and Valentine's Day so we wanted to have a memorable, romantic dinner.  We chose the Eiffel Tower Restaurant with the ads promoting the view of the Belagio fountains and the sunset.  We were greeted by 3 hostesses and were seated immediately.  I had requested a table by the window and expressed that a few times.  However, we were seated at a table not only away from the windows but, with huge steal beam to look at.  I told the hostess we did not want to sit there.  We were seated at a table without a steal beam.  Other than that, the evening was perfect!  There was a prix fix meal which was 3 courses, delicious each one and presented to perfection. The service was impeccable and flowed seamlessly. We both were studying the wine list obviously trying to decide which wine we wanted.  The Somalia apparently saw that and came to the table to help us out.  Very observant..we liked that!   The wine he suggested and brought to us was a perfect pairing with our meal. I was able to see the fountains go off several times and people that did get to sit next to the windows had no problems with me standing behind them taking a few pictures.  We so enjoyed ourselves and certainly had a memorable and romantic dinner!  We  have now put the Eiffel Tower on the list of restaurants we must return to on future Vegas trips.  There was one other little issue:  my husband's chair had no padding in it anymore.  He was squirming in his seat and finally told me that his chair was like sitting on concrete.  I told him to say something but, he wouldn't.  We looked at the chairs next to us and figured out that they need to be replaced.  They were pretty much showing a lot of wear and tear.  For not the fact that we were seated in front of a steal beam when asked several times to have a table with a view and the worn out chair, I'd give this restaurant 5 stars!  : )
1	Absolutely the Worst! Where should I begin, how about being sick with intestinal disorder tithe entire next day! Or maybe ordering the Venison Medium and having it come out blood red and cold.  Or making reservations three weeks in advance and getting seated facing away from the "Strip" overlooking the parking deck in a converted  room  designed for storage but used for dinning.  I was told that they had 700 reservations for the night. My wife had the Lamb, with a side of undercooked Cold tomato ratatouille. We think this is what got us sick. If you want to have a $100 per person dinner, have terrible underprepared food and be put in perhaps the worst seat in a restaurant that promotes it's view and be sick the next day then call the Eiffel Tower Restaurant, they will be happy to accomadate.
5	Magnificent food. Worth every penny.Had lunch and everything was first class.Service was fantastic.
4	This is our second time visiting this restaurant, must make a reservation.  Its not cheap, but the quality of food and ambience are worth paying for.  A refreshing break from las vegas, we tried the 5 course meal which turned out to be very good except for the veal, I personally didnt like it but the rest of the meal was delicious.  The other four, or five things were delicious.  We were seated by the window, with a view of the bellagio fountain that added a nice touch.  The only low point of the meal was our server this time, he was dry and a little rushed.  didnt take any time explaining the menu, or even bothering to ask why we were there like others do.  It would have made our special ocassion even better.  The first time we went there, we had an older gentleman that was exceptional so I guess it depends who you get.  If service would have been better I would give it 5 stars.
4	Food was good, wasn't sure about the mushroom foam they gave to me and my date before we ate, but it was good. Very elegant, the view of the fountains is always a favorite I feel. It's romantic in a non cheesy way.
4	The Eiffel Tower restaurant has a beautiful view.  Try to get a table near the window facing the Bellagio.  The service was amazing as well as the food.  Looking forward to dining here again!
5	I went here with my friend when we decided to eat a fancy meal at least once. It was our fault, we waited until 1 PM on a Friday to call and make reservations for the night and wasn't able to get one until 9:30 PM, but by then we were starving!! I am so happy that we were too!We both ordered the duck, which thinking back I wish we had ordered two different meals but it was extremely delicious! I also had a drink, "An Eiffel Affair" and it was very good also. After reading the reviews here, I knew ahead of time I wanted to order the chocolate souffle, and we were both SO glad that we did! It was absolutely delicious!! Definitely a dish everyone needs to try!! I am also going to be sure to order the recipe book so that I can make it myself! Cannot wait to see how mine comes out! I will be making sure that I eat here every time I come to Vegas from now on, it was a great decision!I just realized I forgot to mention the view!! We got a table at the window and we barely even talked to each other- we just kept looking around! The view was fantastic!
3	OK so I haven't been to the Eiffel Tower Restaurant yet, but I'm entitled to give it a Rating :) I will explain why. I will be visiting Vegas in 3 weeks. Bringing My fiance for his birthday 4/1. On his actually birthday I wanted to do something different, so I'm having a Limo pick us up from our hotel and bring us to Eiffel Tower Restaurant. I' figure his birthday comes once a year, and I wanted to show him a good time, and take him to dinner, not what we are used to doing $50 dinners and a movie. Something nice and fancy. So before I made the reservations I decided to come on Yelp to see others reviews. I must say I'm Amazed. One thing I wanted to do is have a view of the Bellagio Fountains & on a dessert plate Happy Birthday written in chocolate. So I emailed Jennifer, the Manager. I didn't think I would get a response, but here is what she responded back to me:Cherise, I have taken care of everything. You will have a table with a view, and the Chef will send out a small birthday treat on a special birthday plate. I look forward to seeing you then. All the best,Jennifer GaydeskiManagerEiffel Tower Restaurantph: 702-948-6937 | fax: 702-942-0004So needless to say I'm sold!! We will be visiting the "Eiffel Tower Restaurant"!!After my visit I will post pictures & another review!
5	I wish I could give this place more stars, but instead I will just tell you how GREAT it was.  We were in Vegas celebrating a 40th birthday and I just couldn't decide where to go for dinner on Saturday night but it had to be special whatever it was.  I was searching around on Yelp and found the Eiffel Tower Restaurant.  I noticed quickly that the majority of the reviews were good...but then I noticed the Manager of the restaurant actually commenting on the reviews so that intrigued me a lot.  I contact Jennifer and she responded to me right away and was happy to help me make our dinner a special night for my best friend. We showed up at 8pm and the place was bustling.  Great atmosphere...You have to take the elevator up into the Eiffel Tower itself and when you arrive you get to walk through the kitchen to get to the main dinning area -- the kitchen was awesome everyone dressed the way you expect a 5 star restaurant to look...it was bright and CLEAN....I was amazed they cooked in there it was so spotless!  Once you round the corner you get to the main dinning room and the bar is immediately to the left, but what really captures your eyes is the view....from everywhere in the place you see floor to ceiling windows and all the lights of Vegas...it was spectacular!!!Jennifer greeted us and she was awesome.  Took us right to our table with a fantastic view of the Bellagio water fountains.  We were able to watch the water show the entire evening as we dined.  It was so awesome I can't even tell you.The waiter was the best I had had in a restaurant in I can't even remember.  They were so attentive but not on top of you asking constantly if you needed anything...they were just there and ready to take care of whatever we needed without us thinking about it.The food was the best.   Jennifer sent over a nice plate of appetizers that were all personalized for each person (meaning we each had our own sample plate)  they were so good I could have licked the plate!!!  We also had a small bowl of a cold cauliflower soup that left me wanting more....the cocktails were mixed well and had just the right amount of flavor to alcohol you would expect.  When the main courses arrived we were in food heaven.  Three of us had beef dishes and one friend had the sea bass...ALL OF THE DISHES were divine.  Lastly we ordered at the top of the meal a chocolate souffle that melted in  your mouths...since it was a special birthday they also sent over a lovely desert just for the birthday girl and some samples of their sorbet.  Again I can't tell you how good it was so you have to go try yourself. This restaurant was the best experience I have ever had in a 5 star establishment -- they made us feel welcomed and I can't wait to go back.  All four of us have been telling all of our friends!!!  I just hope Jennifer and her staff can handle all the press because I am certain that she will be getting a lot of business and calls from our reviews!!!!
4	My husband and I dined here the other night to celebrate my birthday and what a great experience it was! I had called about a week in advance to make a reservation. To my surprise, they asked for my credit card number over the phone, which I have never done before. This guarantees your reservation, and if you cancel I believe they charge $50 to your card. A dress code is also enforced, although the woman I spoke to over the phone told me that jeans are allowed as long as they are not ripped up. As others have already mentioned, you take the (small) elevator to the 11th floor where the restaurant is located. The elevator opens up in front of the kitchen. As soon as we arrived, one of the employees said "What are you doing in the kitchen?" He then gave us a warm greeting and walked us to where we would check in. We had a great table by the window with a awesome view! My husband and I thought the restaurant would be higher up than it actually was, but it was perfect! We really enjoyed the view of the Bellagio fountains (every 15 minutes) and the strip. What we ordered for dinner:-Maine Peekey Toe Crab Salad: with cucumber and black sesame seeds. Very light and tasty with a vinaigrette type of dressing. Good choice for an appetizer!-Char Broiled Filet Mignon: with lemon parsley butter. It was cooked the way I wanted and easy to cut into pieces. It wasn't the best steak I have ever eaten, but I still enjoyed it. I also felt that the butter was too thick and it took a while to melt down. -Aged New York Steak: my husband ordered this. He pretty much felt the same way I did about my steak. It was good, but definitely not the best.-Potato Anna: as our side order. It was basically thinly sliced potatoes that were layered on a plate. Not much to say about it, but there's nothing wrong with potatoes cooked with butter!For Dessert:-Chocolate Souffle: After we ordered our dinner, our server asked us if we wanted to order a Souffle because it takes about 30 minutes for them to prepare it. It was interesting when they brought it to our table. First they make a hole in the center of the souffle, then they pour in the chocolate sauce inside. I was a bit disappointed because it wasn't as good as I was hoping it to be. The cake was very moist and fluffy, but I felt that it needed more chocolate sauce.-I was surprised with a complimentary Chocolate Mousse for my birthday! It tasted great and I definitely enjoyed it more than the Chocolate Souffle! I also liked how they served it on a plate with "Happy Birthday" written in Chocolate sauce!Service was top notch! Our server was Pierre. He was friendly, entertaining, and very attentive. He made us laugh, smile, and really wanted us to enjoy our dinner! Also there is a photographer that walks around asking if you would like to take a picture with the illuminated Paris Balloon in the background. We decided why not, and liked how it came out. We paid $24 for a 5x7 photo. Ouch. I know, but it was worth it for us!My only complaint is that the tables are packed in very close together. The aisles are also very narrow, so it takes a while to pass by other tables and to get out. Our bill was expensive! But we definitely enjoyed the experience and our night here! Hopefully the food will be better the second time around if we ever come back!
4	Food was very good, not exceptional, but very good.  The service was exceptional.  You definitely want a table with the view of the bellagio fountains, and while I was just there with my husband, there were lots of groups which seemed to be having fun. This place is quite expensive so just be aware. My husband and I are in our 20s but came to Vegas prepared to spend money! We spent close to $350 though (with a bottle of wine) and unless you are really holding back, I don't think a couple could get out of there for much less. It's Vegas so everything is relative.  Worth doing once for sure :)
5	Great view. The best creamy French onion soup I have ever had. Love the staff. Love the menu. Try the lamb burger it is to die for.
5	My friends from Oman were in town and asked me about the Eiffel Tower, so I checked on Yelp of course. The 3 of us went for dinner on 3/12/12 and it was wonderful. OMG it was really really awesome!The sommelier quickly came to recommend a nice red, which was spot on, we had 2 bottles. The selection of breads was delivered with a big smile. Jennifer, the manager, came to welcome us and I mentioned her good job at replying to Yelpers' reviews. We were just so excited to be at the Eiffel Tower Restaurant that night! Valentino, our waiter, was patient, as we were unsure what to order. He made some suggestions and we quickly decided. I was sure to mention that I'm allergic to shellfish, and it was noted immediately.While our meals were prepared we received some kind of cold soup in a tiny glass, I enjoyed it more than my friends. Then we each received a trio of tiny appetizers, which was unexpected and delicious.For appetizer we ordered: Cold Foie Gras - rich, smooth and velvety.Pepper Marinated Raw Beef - Beef carpaccio to perfection.Trilogy of Imported Osetra Caviar - with different little toasts/pancakes to serve it on, simply delicious, something I had never had.For main course we ordered:Muscovy Duck Breast - my friend ate it before I could try it, so it must have been great! It certainly looked good!Boneless Organic Rabbit - super tender pieces of breast, the rabbit sausage was a bit salty but sausage generally is, still easy to eat though.Rack of Lamb - a refined combination of flavors and juicy tender lamb.We accompanied these dishes with the Potato Gratin and Creamed Spinach and Mushroom which were great sides to our main meals.We felt too full to do dessert, but somehow a tray of sorbets made it to our table, and it was certainly refreshing!One of my friends had an after dinner liqueur I can't remember which, but it completed his meal.I hope my friends took good care of our servers, cuz I didn't get a chance to look at the bill. It was one of the best meals I've had in a long time. I sure hope I get a chance to come back as there are so many things on the menu I would love to try!
2	I must say that my experience was quite disappointing.  When I made the reservation I was told that the dress code was "smart casual." I wore a cocktail dress and my hubby a suit.  When we arrived we noticed other patrons in jeans, t-shirts and flip flops.  I was hoping for a more romantic, intimate evening, however, that was not the atmosphere at all.  The tables are to close together, and the service wasn't all that great.  The food was not bad, not out of this world either.  I will not be returning.
2	First off this place is expensive and supposed to be "fine dining" with a strict dress code. Well forget that. We waited for our table despite making reservations three weeks in advance and were stunned when a guy wearing a t-shirt and flip-flops joined us in the elevator. But to make him "respectable" they gave him a jacket that looked like it came from goodwill and a pair of socks to wear with his flip-flops. He looked worse.The food - I'm sorry but it just wasn't good. My wife had the Beef Wellington and it arrived with the pastry well cooked but the meat raw inside. Obviously the people cooking it had no idea how to make it properly. So I ate my overcooked fish by myself while my wait had to wait 15 minutes for the same Beef Wellington to arrive back at the table in a real mess. It's just not that good and certainly not worth the prices. If you want good food and good service go to Le Cirque.
4	Wow what a View! I had flowers delivered, so the Fiance was knocked out. I probably could have proposed to any girl in the world at the seats we had and gotten a yes! The cocktails we had were expensive but good, and the bartenders were very nice. We had the lamb and the beef wellington. I loved the steak inside the wellington and the accompanying sauce was great, but the crust was weird to me. The lamb was tender and awesome. The highlight was the oxtail, and scallops. So Beefy it was crazy, and it made me want to make it at home! The service was great as well. The souffle was good, i am not a souffle person I guess. Worth going to for a romantic meal, or a proposal dinner.
5	Surprise dinner here for my bday. Bf kept saying the food might not be great bc a lot of reviews only talk about the nice ambiance. We had dinner at the palm in caesar's the night before and it was disappointing. The Eiffel tower made up for that. The restaurant is romantic and nice with an awesome view of the strip and the bellagio water show. I had the lamb chops with foie gras $48. The bf had the duck breast $39. The side we chose was the potatoes croquette $10. The lamb chops was really good and tender but u only get 2. I guess I didn't pay attention to the dish description bc the foie gras is what makes it so expensive. I didn't know and tried it and then figured out what it was. So that was the only disappointment. Rather would've had extra lamb instead. Haha. The bf's duck breast was really yummy too. Nice and tender and moist. The potato croquettes were ok. I'd choose another side next time. For dessert we had the chocolate souffle $15. When they bring it out the server makes a hole and drizzles in melted chocolate which makes it extra rich. I would have preferred to do that myself. The parts not drenched in melted chocolate was less sweet and tasted very light. I would ask them to not pour it in if you prefer it not be so sweet. In addition for my bday we got a small chocolate parfait with happy birthday on it which was very nice. And then they also bring out petit desserts to choose 1 to try. The service here is amazing. The atmosphere is awesome. There's also a photographer to take your pic with the Paris sign in the background. It's $24 for a 5x7 and they also email you the pic to have as a digital copy and add to your phone pics. Overall really like this place for a romantic dinner. It's super fancy but guys only need to wear a collared shirt. The hostesses wear long black gowns. And servers wear tuxedo like outfits bowtie and all.
5	My wife and I used to make the Eiffel Tower Restaurant an annual event but we had not been back for a couple of years. I'm glad we decided to go back.As in the past, the atmosphere is vibrant and polished. I always wear a jacket but there are some without. Business casual is fine. You should expect to spend 2 - 3 hours for dinner here but the server will ask you if you have a show or event to attend later in the evening to help you get out in time. Do make a point to arrive early and have a drink at their bar. The view from bar (and the entire restaurant) is awesome. Only negative- I was told that we could only get a table at the window facing the Bellagio fountains if we were seated as 2. We were 4 so we settled for a table on the second tier but saw some of the Bellagio show. I was distressed, however, to see some tables for 3 and 4 set up in that first tier to see the Bellagio show as they dinned. I guess I didn't speak to the right person when I made my reservation.My smoked salmon starter was outstanding. As in our past visits, my wife and I had the filet mignon. And as in the past it is the best filet I have ever had. Instead of going to one of the many steak houses on the strip, save your steak night for Eiffel Tower and order the filet. You will not be disappointed. Yes, of course, we had to order their famous souffles. We ordered the chocolate with chocolate sauce and, as a twist, chocolate with banana sauce. You cannot order incorrectly whatever flavor you order. Don't worry about the flavor-just order it! Everyone also get a a small tray of sweets to end the meal.Their wine list is extensive and the sommelier will help you if you are not used to ordering French wines. The service was attentive and knowledgeable.It is pricey, but worth it. Save this place for you big night out and you will remember it for a long time.I only go back to restaurants if they earn it. Eiffel Tower Restaurant earns it year after year.
4	ATMOSPHERE: The restaurant knows what their selling point is: the view of the strip. It is absolutely incredible. Perfect view of the Bellagio fountains, Cosmo hotel, and the big Paris balloon. I had the pleasure of viewing the scene during the daytime and during then night...the view totally transforms before your eyes when the sun sets. Took plenty of pictures. The tables are quite close together, they want to pack the place up. NOT good for groups, tables are mostly meant for 2-3 people.Noise level wise, it was louder than I expected, lots of glass clanking and I could hear the kitchen and bar.FOOD: The food was quite delicious. I will say it's not the BEST I have ever tasted but it was still delicious all around. (Pictures posted up in pics).Pre-appetizer: they give you a little avacado mousseline in a shot glass type. Tasty. And I always appreciate complimentary dishes. The bread guy was really funny. He will come around with a giant bread plate and give you 5 choices of bread. Appetizer: got the scallops with ox tail and the quail. Both quite delicious. Quail was better. Scallops were good but I found it interesting that it was in a dark meat sauce (since I associate scallops with lighter sauces).Entrees: Got the 7 oz. filet minion and the short ribs. Filet was better probably because the cut of the meat was just better. Though the flavoring was still better than the short ribs. I found the ribs slightly on the dry side. They give you 5 large pieces so definitely worth it. The butter noodles and the veggies that came with it were just OK.Side dish: the potato croquettes were really just potato shaped like finger-length sticks and fried. It was very meh, pretty bland.Dessert: SOUFFLES. Hands down. Got the chocolate and the pistachio. Pistachio was MUCH MORE delicious. Even the waiter said everyone in the kitchen prefers the Pistachio. GET IT. The chocolate one was not that chocolatey...Overall the experience was very unique and nice. The view is not to be replicated anywhere else. Food was good, but as you know, very expensive. You really pay for the view and the experience. Oh they'll come take a picture of you and you can buy it for $24. Wasn't worth it for me considering I took plenty of pics on my own. =)
5	I'm so glad I decided to come to Eiffel Tower on 4/1/12 for my boyfriends birthday! My boyfriend ordered the rack of lamb and I ordered the New york rib eye, OMG both dishes were cooked to perfection. My boyfriend got the dessert plate with Happy Birthday in chocolate on the edge, he loved it!! Jennifer the manager actually came over to our table to see how everything is going..the service was amazing.......Thanks Jennifer!! I can't thank you guys enough for making my boyfriends birthday memorable. This is something we will never forget. We will be back for sure whenver we decided to go back to Vegas!
2	The staff was very friendly and helpful, offering to show my dinner guest the way to the men's room.  The view is breathtaking and wherever you are in the restaurant you can get a glimpse of the awesome fountain show at Bellagio.The food is pretty mediocre all the way.  Pricey, my dish was $44 for black cod baked in a bag.  My dinner guest had short ribs, pretty small portions for $52.  For these prices, they can do much better with the quality of food in terms of presentation and the taste.  But then again, you are paying for location and view.I thought it would be super touristy but it wasn't at all that bad.  Probably be more like 2 1/2 stars as opposed to 2.  Would probably not go back there again but was worth the experience for the view.
4	Okay let me start by saying this place is beautiful, romantic place to take a special person for a any occasions. My hubby and I had a beautiful romantic dinner for our anniversary window seat looking at the bellagio fountain. Breath taking people, Jennifer the manager came over an introduce herself to us since she and my hubby exchanged emails regarding the reservation plans. The girls were all delightful, loved the restaurant. Now as much as I loved the service and the ambience's of this place the food was not good to me hubby love ribs an ordered the short rib which was not tasty at all, and I ordered the duck which was ok. Which I could of said better about the food, but I would return for the ambience's and view so worth it people just order steak I guess:-)
5	Great service and great food. Pricey but definitely worth it especially If you are celebrating a special occasion BUT not as pricey as I was expecting it to be :D *huge smile*. My husband and I celebrated our first wedding anniversary here and they hooked us up with a free dessert :D. Btw the meal portions are filling especially if your pre gaming with appetizers. Lol. Great place we'll be back soon ;).. husband just doesn't know yet. Hah.
5	This is as good as its gonna get for Foie Gras and Lamb Chop... The server was courteous and knowledgable!!! I had to come back for a second dinner here with in a week!!Last weekend on the 12th of May, I had stopped by again and I have the pleasure of getting service by the same courteous and knowledgable server, Tom. This time he had recommended that I should try a filet mignon and I got to say that it was superbly delicious!!! I'm definitely a fan of this place and I live in LA, which is 300 miles from where the Eiffel tower restaurant is, but I shall try to come once a month!!!!
3	Three of five of us ordered Rack of Lamb - 2 were returned twice!  - under cooked - mine was luke warn. Vegetables served in cute little cast iron pans ware just warm.Ambiance: Great view but  fast paced.  Waiters  are busy and room is noisy.Hey its Vegas, I guess.Liked Morel's French Steak House better - more intimate - Food great not one complaint. at about 30% less the cost.
5	I had one of the best meals of my life here!The Eiffel Tower Restaurant is a treat!  AS others have said there is a worry that this restaurant would be all about flash with no substance.It does have flash but it also has plenty of substance to offer.  While this is not perfect it is very, very good.  The service was impeccable from start to finish with the waiter and sommelier working very hard to get us exactly the meal we were looking for.  The restaurant is designed so the spectacular view is forefront and everything else compliments that.  It is slightly noisy but not overly loud.  This place has a happy energetic hum to it.  Many couples were seated directly facing the view away from the noise so I would still recommend this place for a top notch romantic atmosphere.We were here from out of town to celebrate an event and made the lucky choice of dining here.We came in just as the sun was setting and watched the strip transform around us, it was breathtaking.  But this place is about more than just a sensational view.The restaurant opened with a free amuse bouches one which paired three flavors a salmon mousse, asparagus with a lemon foam and a bit of pastry and a wonderful lobster preparation, we argued over which was the best.We started with caviar, a blue cheese souffle pudding with salad, the fricasse of escargot, sweetbreads and fennel and finally the foie gras with pears.The caviar was served beautifully on square platforms with indentations for the caviar, creme fraiche and chives.  It was served with a metal spoon rather than a mother of pearl but that was the only flaw.  The caviar was wonderful tasting and all the various accompaniments flawless (there were both buckwheat and plain blini AND toast points).The foie gras was seared perfectly and came to the table at just the right temperature.  The accompanying pears in a sauternes sauce did not seem quite right as it needed more sweetness to contrast with the foie gras.The fricasse was not as remarkable as I hope but it was a nicely balanced dish with a great contrast of textures and flavors, it seemed on the mild side for such an ambitious combination of elements but still very nicely done.The blue cheese souffle pudding was incredible.  It was a sturdy souffle which did not fall when cut into but such a wonderful, flavor and it worked so well with the dressing on the greens.  Just wonderful, absolutely the high point of our starters.I had the Beef Wellington which was perfectly tender and seasoned perfectly.  Done just on the rare side of medium, it was heavenly. Our table generally loved the potato croquettes but I was somewhat underwhelmed by them.  They seemed too simple and by the time I was passed them too cool and limp.Finally the desserts, there were many ordered and consumed at our table.  I remember the Pistachio souffle as being dreamlike in its perfection of flavor and form, the other souffles were magnificent in their execution as well but the pistachio flavor just was so intriguing and well done.  The Napoleon was lovely and just as delicate as one could wish and there was a wonderful chocolate plate that I was too full to touch but looked perfect.Despite the magnificence of the meal, I have a few concerns about this place.  It is on the pricey side for what you get.  I almost took off a star for the very few missteps during the meal, however the overall experience was so wonderful and the great times I have had stopping by for a drink and an appetizer on past trips to Las Vegas are also terrific, I have to give this my highest rating.
4	This was a last minute decision for a birthday dinner and wow can I say it was amazing. I ordered the short ribs. Perfectly done! The alcohol selection was great and the service at the bar wonderful. It is definitely spendy...but worth the money if you feel like divulging yourself in an expensive meal. Service in general was great and the view from the restaurant was the icing on the cake!
1	I took my girl friend to this restaurant for dinner.  I actually ate there, have a receipt to prove it.   Service was very good, all the staff was friendly.  We ordered, menu looked great, all the foods I would expect from a French restaurant.  When the dishes came we found them to be very very very small in portion.  Price was not small however.  The dishes were not French, they are some kind of wierd fusion.  As we tried to enjoy our dinner we found the quality of food and preparation to be minimal.   Eiffel also markets itself as having high dress standards, this is laughable.  Seems to be more a marketing gimmick. My conclusion, for 1/4 of the price (that's a $125 discount for two) you can get more, and better, elsewhere.
5	We really enjoyed our whole experience!  From the friendly greeting all the way to the special birthday desert for my wife.  The experience: As soon as you get off the elevator you have a view of the kitchen and are greeted by hostesses.We requested, and were seated at a window seat that overlooked the Bellagio fountain - amazing views!  The waiter and staff addressed us by our name and were very attentive and helpful.The flavors were excellent - we enjoyed a spring salad with hints of grapefruit, cream of English pea soup, the halibut was outstanding, and the filet was cooked perfectly with a delicious red wine sauce adding to the flavor. The side of potatoes au gratin were delicious as well.  The chef sent us a beautifully presented chocolate desert (kind of something between pudding and ice cream) it was rich and delicious.We highly recommend this place and will definitely return if we come back to Vegas
2	Terrible. This place is NOT fine dining. The food and drinks are extremely overpriced (even for Vegas) and every single person in my lunch party felt sick afterwards.  This meal was the only consumption we had in common.  The food looked beautiful. But lacked any real taste or originality.  I had the braised lamb and it was downright awful.  The meat was dry, the sauce was tasteless and the potatoes were soaked in oil. Another person in my party got the lamb burger. Again, very dry, not cooked to order and the bun was extremely  burnt.Our waiter was less than helpful and couldn't seem to get away from us fast enough.  At first we were confused... "Is this a French thing?" we thought. Oh wait... we're in America. Nope, just rude. The only reason I give this restaurant two stars instead of one is because the view is pretty awesome, and you can see the fountains in front of the Bellagio.
2	The ONLY good thing about this place: the incredibly gorgeous 180 view you have of the Strip. We were able to watch the Bellagio fountain show from our table. Food & service was measly. For one, the menu is not very French. French toast was on the menu. That turned me off. Really? French toast is NOT French. And the drinks? My friend paid $18 for a supposed drink that was the hot seller. It was a strange fizzy pink liquid with raspberries floating in it. Did not taste good. Gross.Our server was very quick to leave us. Don't get me wrong, he definitely had a host's personality when he spoke with us... for like 5 seconds! He would dart in and out, just before we finally would form a question in our minds about the food on the menu.I had the Aged Parmesan Chicken with what looked like canned vegetables & a miserable pile of dry-tasting potatoes gratin. Blah. The only reason the chicken was tasty was because there was AGED parmesan. And it looked like a giant flat pancake on my plate. I paid $24 for something I could make myself.I hear there's an Eiffel Tower Las Vegas tour. Go on that instead so you can at least check out the view. The food is not worth it.
5	It was a Vegas trip that I organized for my boyfriend who finds Vegas boring and pricey restuarants high on show and low on taste. Well it all changed when we went to Eiffel Tower. We loved it right from getting into the elevator to time we made an exit the with our souvenier (little too pricey picture). Food : We both aren't much of foodie when it comes to experimenting and me being Vegetarian further limits the options. My boyfriend opted for chicken based entree while I had no choice but to go for only Vegetarian item i.e. Vegetarian Crepes. And my my was the food delicious!! yes it was 100%. I got too tempted when I saw the chicken and tasted for myself. It was pefect tender inside , cooked with precision and the flavors yumm.. My crepes were incredible. The sauce on my plate was to die for. I had mushroom spaetzel were amazing and recipe sounded pretty interesting. My boyfriend had potato on the side, very different and very yumm. After reading all the other reviews I took pistachio souffle. I found it little bitter, I'l ltry chocolate flavor next time. So, all the vegetarians outs there , don't worry !View : I got lucky or may be it was my little note when I made reservations in OpenTable ,that we got the table with the view. The view was BREATHTAKING. Ambience could have been romantic but for the crowd making noise. But it was more of happy noise that saves a place from getting dull. I didn't mind it. I had enough romance going on in my small table enjoying the fountains.Dress Code : They say that formal dress code is required but I saw men in shorts all the time. But seriusly , this place has all the makings of a special night. So, I'd suggesst make it a dressy unforgettable night !Service : We had to wait for a while because we were about 45 mins late for our 8:15 reservation (blame my flat iron process). Service was quite nice except for the first waitress who served us wine who seemed reluctant to offer an extra napkin ! We found it wierd but it wasn't a big deal. Our server compensated for this faux pas for rest of the evening.We even got our picture taken because it was just so perfect !J'aime Eiffel Tower !Highly recommended !
1	Me and my husband are going to stay at Paris Hotel for our Anniversary in May so why not have dinner at the Eiffel Tower Restaurant?! Bad idea! I called the reservation's number and asked for a window table since it was going to be a special date. We would not be flying all the way from NC to have a special night in Las Vegas if it was not a really special date for us and we would like to have a perfect night! Anyway, the girl that answered the phone was very rude and was in a hurry to end the call. She said: We cannot choose the table. You will have to talk to the Maitre when you arrive at the restaurant. And I replied: But if there is not window table when we arrive? It's a special date and we would like to make sure we would get a window table. Then, she said she was only responsible to make the reservation and not for which table we were going to sit and tried to hang up the phone. So I canceled the reservation and sent the restaurant an e-mail requesting a table view and explaining that it was our Anniversary and that I have called the restaurant before but only got a rude person on the phone. I was hoping to finally get someone nice since I had very high expectations for this restaurant but it was not the case. They sent me a rude e-mail with no apologize and confirming that they could not reserve the window table! We decided, then, to choose another restaurant where we are going to be able to have a staff that are more sensitive to our needs. It is unbelievable and stupid that a fine restaurant like Eiffel Tower would act like that. After all no one is gonna pay a $300 bill to be treated like crap! Specially in a special date like an Anniversary when the least thing you are caring is how much the bill is gonna be! So, shame on them! We are going to spend our money somewhere else!
5	All I can say is this is the best place I have been to and I do go out to eat a lot. I was here with my husband and 2 kids. The desserts were amazing. The menu is awsome. the cleanliness is super and the service is well trained to please:) Would come back again if I am in town.
3	Had a great dinner service could have been better
5	I just LOVED this restaurant! What a find -- sort of hidden as you need to take an elevator to get to it! It was seriously 5 star service but it was not that expensive! We got to watch the water show and have a yummy meal! It was my favorite dining experience in all of Vegas! What a surprise!
5	Located in the Paris hotel in their Eiffel Tower, this place is absolutely amazing. Great view across of the Bellagio Hotel and the strip. We started off with the Seafood Tower. I had the fish of the day while my colleague had lamb and customer had the salmon. All was done to perfection. Finished off with the souflee which was perfect and very satisfying. Probably one of the best features of the Paris Hotel.
5	Awesome View. Great Service. Food I wouldnt think Id like, but loved. Awesome souffle too. Definitely romantic ;)
5	View: Lovely... if you get seated at the window seats, she likes the view to see the Bellagio fountain a lot, especially the fountain plays different music every 15 minsService: Fine dining restaurant service with great details..... You can celebrate anything in this restaurant by just even calling them a day ahead..... Food: We love the food.... maybe it is different experience compare with other yelpers...OR we just don't know what real French food tastes like.....but we like the food there...A very good place/romantic place to do anything with your significant others.....like proposing.....which I did...... ~ :P
5	Excellent food and service. The view of Bellagio fountains and City Center including the strip is amazing. The chicken was the best in town.
5	Although quite expensive, the Eiffel Tower Restaurant is a must see to anyone visiting Las Vegas on vacation. Just make sure to request a window seat and you will have some of the best views of the strip around! Accompanied by a lovely Parisian ambiance and phenomenal food. The foie gras appetizers are to die for and I had the best lamb chops of my life there as well! My boyfriend got the chocolate tasting dessert, which was superb as well! The service was great, as to be expected at an authentic French restaurant. They were definitely a bit over the top but not too in your face. I've heard it's amazing for lunch as well. My table directly overlooked the Bellagio fountains so we got to watch many, many shows! They were also very respectful of our schedule since we had theater that we needed to make it to.
3	This place is receiving a 3 star rating from me. Maybe I shouldn't have such high expectations for the place. I was here with my friend to celebrate her birthday and made my reservation way in advance to for 5:15pm to guarantee a window seat to view the sunset. Turns out the sunset time for the date was for 7:50pm. So I guess we were expected to sit for approximately 3 hours. Atmosphere: We had a table towards the back of the restaurant, but it did have a pretty good view of the Bellagio fountain. The temperature of the place was nice and cool because there were only about 10 tables that night. It was not packed at all so the noise level was good. Food: We were not that hungry when we arrived being an early dinner, so we decided not to do the tasting menu and ordered a le carte. We ordered 2 cocktails (Pink Velvet, The Eiffel Affair), two appetizers (Casco Bay Jumbo Sea Scallop, Red Wine Marinated Quail), two entrees (Black Cod, Altantic Salmon), and the Pistachio Souffle dessert to share. The food was all delicious, but the quail was a bit rough. Even though it was marinated, it lacked flavor in the meat so the sauces made up for that. The black cod was really good at first but it became a bit saltier towards the end as I was finishing it. Service: This is really where I dropped the star for this place. After being greeted and lead to the table, our waiter, Mario, came by to ask us what type of water and asked if we were interested in wine or cocktails. My friend ask for the beverage menu and he came back with the just the wine list. It was later on when another gentlemen in a grey suit who came by that we request the cocktail list from him. After placing our orders for the appetizers and entrees, we didn't see our waiter much after that. Our waiter made us feel like he just didn't care. Our food was brought out to us wrong. It's only the two of us and he still couldn't get it right who's food it belongs to? He was busy attending to the table next to us with the family of four for the most part. He did not let us know that the souffle took about 20 minutes to prepare until after we ordered it. Whereas the other table, he went over to ask if they would like to put in the order in advance half way towards their entree so they don't have to wait for it. They came in after us and ordered after us, but was given their dessert first. Also, the other table next to us had flowers on the table because their dinner was for an anniversary celebration, but we didn't even get a card anything. Even a simple steak house would have had some kind gestures. I did saw the other waiter brought out a mini dessert with Happy Birthday written on the plate for one of the table (HEY, WHERE IS OURS?!) I honestly felt that the whole experience with the restuarant was dragged down by the service we received. I did notice that the table of two next to us had a very pleasant waiter who was much more patient and attentive. They have a staff who provides consistently good service to everyone. Overall, the view was very nice and the food was good (not blow you away good), but service was a let-down. To create a great dining experience, all three aspects should be present, even if not all at the greatest, but at least at a fairly good level. I would have thought a place like this would know that. Our check was nearly $250, I definitely expected more from it.
4	Got a reservation on the same evening for an amazing table with a grand view of the Bellagio fountain. The sun was setting and it made even more magical!Warning the price is high but you pay for the view, too;-) We ordered seafood entrees.  I ordered the Crab Salad. The portion was small for an appy and cost $18 but it was good. As for the entree we ordered, Salmon, Halibut, and Snapper.  They were seasoned well. Unfortunately, the snapper had a couple of small bones and scale. We shared the chocolate souffle for dessert. It was yummmmy!  The service was excellent. There were three servers that took care of us. We felt special!
5	I actually had a fantastic experience at Eiffel tower restaurant for lunch. We came with no reservations and had to wait about 10 minutes, but where we were seated had an amazing view of the Bellagio fountains. Quick tip on drinks - the nonalcoholic drinks are yummy but have a tad too much syrup in them. Ask for club soda to be mixed in to make it less overpowering. We started with the creamy French Onion soup - I've never had french onion soup in this form (creamy) before but it was really yummy. Next  we ordered the ocean seafood salad (lobster, shrimp, crab) to share. It came pre-tossed with really delicious dressing. All the ingredients were super fresh and it was a pretty large serving (do share with someone if this is not your main course). Finally we ordered the Petite New York Strip steak with cabernet butter - yum! I usually like my meat cooked medium, but this could have been a little rarer. The flavors were great and the cabernet butter went perfectly with the steak. Service was impeccable and the servers were all speedy and very helpful. I'd definitely recommend this restaurant for lunch.
4	OK so I have just had to rewrite this review because I remembered a detail about the service.  They do not have chocolate milk on the menu for my little girl.  This is no big deal, and can be easily swapped out for water.  However, our waiter took it upon himself to have someone from the kitchen melt milk chocolate and stir it into a glass of milk.  It was the first time, I have seen someone go to such lengths to appease a four year old.  So for this act of excellent service, this place has moved from three to four stars.The food was good.  My wife got beef wellington, sorry but it didn't hold a candle to Gordon Ramsay's.  I got a well seasoned, nicely accomplanied piece of fish and my daughter took down an indulgent glass of freahly made chocolate delight to accompany her pasta.The view from this place in spectacular but we weren't seated anywhere near a window, and felt it would be rude to go trapsing through someone else's meal to get a nice look out the window.  The view is apparently so nice, that they have employed a theme park style photographer to snap your pic and send you home with a $30 keepsake.  The fact that the place is accessed through an elevator was just incovenient, the fact that it opened up into a fast paced kitchen was offputting.If you happen to be at the Paris you have three choices for food in my opinion and in order they are:RamsayMon AmiEiffel
4	Took a special person that has not been to Vegas for over 15 years to celebrate his birthday. Wanting to give him a wonderful Vegas dining experience, i sought  assistance in getting a window table at Eiffel Tower with Jennifer, the manager that has been very responsive with yelp reviews. Jennifer gave me an option to book the reservation through opentable. Then, she can make a notation in my reservation to make sure that we get a beautiful table.We arrived for our 7:45pm reservation right on the dot since we just barely made it to Vegas from our 4 hours drive. The hostess told us that they would have a nice window table for us if we choose to wait 15-20 min. We chose to do so and had two eiffel tower affairs at the bar while waiting. Keith, the bartender was wonderful and even discussed the ingredients in this wonderful drink which I will attempt at home. Since we were having such a great time at the bar, we were not sure if we were sitting there for more than 15 min. Another hostess came to let us know that a window table was available. We were not rushed at all.. When we were ready, that nice hostess took us to our table with a beautiful view. Lee was helping us with our dinner for the night. He was not Valentino that a lot of reviewers had mentioned but he sure was so thorough with the menu and is an expert with all courses. Lee  had the assistance of another nice gentleman that kept our water glasses poured and tasty bread offered several times. I already looked at the menus online but gave my companion a chance to look at the menu. I wanted to treat him to a tasting menu with wine pairing which he obliged. I won't go into details of what was on the tasting menu since it's available on the website. Overall, the food was very good. Have I had better? Yes, but the experience, the service, and the ambience made it wonderful. I normally don't care too much for lamb but this one  was done nicely, juicy and without that gamy taste. For desert, we chose the pistachios soufflet which Lee recommended and a plate full of different kinds of ice creams. By this time, i was too full already so I've only tasted the soufflet and it was quite good, very fluffy and moist. I should also mention that while waiting for our food to arrive, the photographer came and offered a photo with either the Paris sign or the view of the Bellagio fountain. We chose the fountain but i asked her if it would be possible to take it during the water show. As soon as the water show started, she came back and tried several times to make sure we have a nice background. Kudos to her professionalism. Overall, we had a nice dinner. Our check came out to be $474.83. While the whole experience/ambience/service is worth it, i can't say the food alone is worth it if it was not the whole experience. Toward the end of the dinner, we saw a lady that went to a table next to us to talk to another couple. I assumed that was Jennifer since the other reviews mentioned that she does stop by. I was hoping that if she did, we will thank her in person for helping us getting a table with a gorgeous view. However, she did not stop by our table so we did not get that chance. The whole time we were there, the restaurant was full and it was a week night. All the window tables were always occupied. My companion enjoyed his birthday treat and wanted to visit Vegas again soon.
5	Very romantic for our anniversary.  Great service at both the bar and the table.  The food was very good and while it's possible that it doesn't quite live up to the cost (and I'm not certain about this) the view more than makes up for any discrepancy.  Sometimes the total picture of a restaurant is more than just the food.Would return again for a special meal.
4	Surprisingly good burgers here.I'd be weary of the mushroom flan, it looks and tastes a little like bacon grease.
1	Never again!  Except maybe for a cocktail.  While the views are fantastic, the service and the kitchen does not measure up to high-end Las Vegas standards.  The menu is truly pedestrian with no imagination whatsoever.  Prices are targeted for lame high-rollers and we pity the poor punters that take their significant others there for a once-in-a-lifetime celebratory occasions.My wife & I joined her clients in from out of town with another couple for a birthday dinner.  We opted for wine-by-the-glass, but the list was MBA/CPA optimized for maximum gouging.   The menu was strangely limited, although each category - beef, fish and non-beef - about 6 selections each, was hardly stimulating.  New York Strip, rib eye, rabbit, halibut.  Yawn.  Started off with a vichyssoise that tasted like it came from a can.  The taste of the French bread was terrible!  Local Vietnamese sandwich shops offer fresh French bread with better texture & taste.  Then we waited - for an hour before the mains were served.  The average entre price is $50.  Salads are $12.  With so many fabulous restaurants in greater Las Vegas, we're loath to return.  All the view in the world didn't make the dinner experience any better.Semi-retired food snob.  He doth protest too much.
4	I attended a networking event here where primarily cocktails and appetizers were offered. I think most of them were made special for us, because I don't really see anything specific to what I tasted on the menu. But I imagine they were alterations of things that they do actually serve.The view from our section of the restaurant was gorgeous. They're serious about their service level. Someone puts you in an elevator and another person escorts you off of it and to your section. No one can come or go unless permitted by the elevator monitors. There were at least 4 individuals constantly circling the room, offering bites, checking for drink orders, and clearing away used dishes. My cocktail wasn't great. It was a flavorless Cosmo. But my co-worker got the Berry Champagne. It was pretty delicious, like a Sangria but sparkling. Now, the appetizers. OMG DELICIOUS. So, so, so delicious. I definitely made a meal out of them. The goat cheese filled dates, mini lamb burgers, and parmesan bread balls (none of these are probably the correct names) were my favorite. My guess is that the actual menu items are even better. Next time I'm in Vegas, I might have to reserve a table and have a real meal.
5	Watching the fountains of the Bellaigo while eating a Chocolate Souffle in an Impeccably tailored suite with a vintage red and jazz in the background. "Priceless"!
5	What an incredible dinner!! First off, you can't beat the gorgeous view this place has.  Also, the service was impeccable and the staff made the evening very memorable. Will for sure be coming back here!
5	BEST restaurant-seating-view in the city! Went here for our anniversary trip (Christmas time!! The BEST) and requested a window seat. The food was fab (Chicken-Parmesan Dish) and the view was amazing! Got to watch the wonderful Christmas-Music-Themed-Bellagio Fountain show. Be jealous ;P
4	The Eiffel Tower Restaurant was very good.  The view of the Bellagio and the fountains is really great.  The service was quick.  I had the French Onion Soup to start and didn't expect it to be creamy, so I was a little skeptical at first, but it ended up being very yummy.  All the flavors were perfect.  For dinner, I had the Filet Mignon and it was good, but it was undercooked.  I asked for medium and it was more medium-rare.  The meat was tender though.  For dessert, I had creme brulee.  It was quite good and a big portion.  Mine was perfectly cooked, but others at my table said their's was a little soupy.  All in all, I would recommend coming here.  The food was delicious and the view was excellent.
5	Hubby and I enjoyed a lovely dinner here on a recent Monday night.  I was a bit apprehensive - you know when you have a great experience at a restaurant and are afraid it can never be as good the second time?  My sister and I dined here last year and the food, service, and ambience were off the charts good -- and we had just gone up without reservations one night when we realized we were starving and managed to snag a great table.Well my second visit was just as good.  From the moment we entered we felt welcomed.  Our lead server John Paul was everything you would hope for - efficient, helpful, friendly, there when you need him without hovering.  All the other staff were top notch, too.Everything we had was delicious and beautifully prepared.  For example, I chose the vegetarian entree because it sounded so yummy.  It was.  Delicate crepes were filled with artichokes and walnuts and sat on a bed of the most delicious tomato coulis.  MMMM.The view of the Bellagio fountains certainly adds to the overall experience here, but I think Eiffel Tower's food and service stands on its own even without the spectacular scenery out the window.
5	Watching the fountains of the Bellaigo while eating dinner in the Eiffel Tower Restaurant again! This has to be the "Best" view in all of Vegas!  "Priceless"!
5	On our recent trip to Las Vegas, my wife, sister in law, and I had dinner at the Eiffel Tower Restaurant. Our server, Valentino, was superb. Valentino really made us feel comfortable and spoke as though he had known us his entire life, which was quite refreshing. His knowledge and professionalism really made the entire experience worth it. The entire staff was very attentive and friendly. Our drinks were constantly topped off and we never had to wait for anything.We all had steak, which were by far the best steak I have had in a long time and the best, by far, in Las Vegas.I would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for a high class, elegant meal and experience. Our reservations were on July 28 at 730pm, perfect to enjoy the sunset behind the Bellagio and enjoy the fountains after dark.
5	Went here for lunch today to with friends to celebrate our anniversary and my birthday. Could not have been happier!!! We were a table of junior senior citizens :) and our server TODD could not have been more attentive or friendlier...he just played the game with the ladies(..that we started) perfectly!2 of us had the Parmesan crusted chicken which was outstanding and  2 had the steak sandwich that they loved and one had the trout and he said it was perfect. The cream  onion soup was a hit. We ordered all the deserts and made a buffet..ha the Creme broulette was my favorite but all were exceptional 'The specialty drinks were great.We got special deserts for our celebrations. Saying happy birthday and happy anniversary in chocolate on the plate.The star of the show was the service!!!  Todd could not have handled these crazy old ladies better!! He was handsome and quick with his wit!!My best birthday ever!!! Thank you Eiffel Tower restaurant!!!!
4	This review is long overdue.  I came here with my wife little more than two years ago, a day after we got engaged.  This was our second stop after I proposed to her at The Edison in LA.We had the pre-fixe dinner menu which was about $90/person and included amuse bouche, appetizer, entree, and a dessert.  I can't remember everything we ate here but both of us still remember the venison chop with huckleberry reduction sauce and ginger mojito.  Those were some of the best things we ever ate/drank.  The venison was super tender and huckleberry reduction was excellent.  Ginger mojito was the best mojito we ever had.  We both loved the ginger foam at the top.  The service was very professional but somewhat stiff, almost corporate.Place looks upscale and romantic.  Most of the couples were seated by the window where you can get a nice view of the Bellagio water show.  You definitely need to dress up to dine here.  The decor can be a hit or miss depending on lighting and time of day.  During night it looks quite spectacular, but during the day, it may look like a typical gaudy Vegas decor.
3	Going to keep this brief.  Went here for brunch on a Sunday with a number of friends.  Got the lamb burger and it was pretty solid.  My wife got the BLTA sandwich, which was ok.  The prices were a bit high, the views are nice, the service is good but a little stuffy.  Its got a high class vibe due to the French servers, but there weren't many people in there for Sunday brunch, so it had kind of an awkward feel too.  I imagine dinner in a full dining room with the Bellagio fountain light show going in the background would be best.
4	A night to savor with good company, especially of the romantic kind. Overlooks the Strip and the recurring water show below, which partially explains why the Eiffel Tower may push past the price envelope, at times. Or maybe this is just Vegas, done in style. Regardless, when you're here, enjoy yourself and celebrate all things good.One reason to come here was the Chef had created Brasserie Jo, in Chicago, one of my favorite places ever.Do ask for a window seat when you approach the Hostess stand. Repair at the swanky and luxurious bar as they make your table ready. Take in the room now, because soon you'll be looking out onto the beautiful vista -- as well as at your beautiful dining companion. And when food begins to arrive, you will want to gaze deeply into the works of art that wait demurely on your plates.  *Maine Lobster Salad, Watermelon Tartar, Water Chestnuts, Pistachio Vinaigrette is a delightful starter. Fresh, light and substantial all at once.* Warm Caesar a la Francaise, Capers, Garlic was not entirely satisfying. Though the Romaine confidently snapped and crunched beautifully, the *warm* part was absent. True, we had the dressing on the side. But the atypical Caesar dressing came room temp at best. My dining companion spotted our salad waiting on a table or stand nearby for several minutes before it got delivered by a backwaiter/busboy. Halfway into the salad we informed our server about the temperature problem. He apologized but made no efforts to remedy the situation there and then, nor later at the time of the bill. While debating which entrees to try, I thought our server gilded the lily saying how rare it is to see dishes like Dover Sole and the Beef Wellington on a menu. I saw them both offered at Mon Ami Gabi.*Sea Bass, Shaved Asparagus, Quinoa Gallette, Champagne Brown Butter Broth was appreciated by my dining companion -- though I felt it to be far too lemony, and fairly mundane. Adequate, but not thrilling.*Boneless Organic Rabbit, Braised Carrots Confits, Mustard Jus, however, I thought was Outstanding! The description relies on the verbal, though, and here our server got it just right. While half the dish is simply (and perfectly), the second part was a a more complex sausage made from the loin mixed with some vegetables -- so flavorful. Highly recommended. The carrots (haha) were delicious too. *Chocolate Souffle was a perfect ending. While someone here on Yelp grumbled it was small -- I think it was just right. I love a great Chocolate Souffle and when it's not great, I tell the restaurant there and then. This was great.We muddled a bit over wine choices, and our server wasn't a great help. Maybe because they were busy, but we fairly soon enough got a nice visit from the Sommelier who steered us to a lovely White Bordeaux. We began the night with some fun cocktails off the Drink List. And we ended with excellent coffee and a latte.We loved the bread selection and the re-appearance of the gent who delivered them. A different guy, alas, dropped my salad utensils on me as they slipped off the plate. Also, when we sat down and were asked about the water, still or sparkling -- it would have been appropriate to mention bottled or not. Not the end of the world, but a teensy bit presumptuous. The not-so-warm Caesar, the bobbling busboy contributed to this being a four not five star review. Still, it was a fabulous dinner.
5	Absolutely perfect experience. I took my soon to be wife on a thursday night. Very romantic, had a window seat overlooking Lake Bellagio, what a view! The food was excellent! And the service the best i've ever experienced.
4	Great dining experience.  The food is good, but the service is excellent!
5	This restaurant always reminds me of the Rainbow Room in NYC, one can always grab a seat at the bar and dine if you don't have reservations.... It's part of the "Lettuce Entertain You" Group, and is also on "Open Table." The Bartenders are a really great group... and the food is marvelous. Plus the view... Bellagio Fountains the Paris Balloon, and City Center... one could not ask for more... (tip: very pricey)
5	Had a great time here over the weekend.  Definitely recommend making a reservation with the manager, Jennifer, as she made sure we had a good view for the Bellagio fountains.  She came by to introduce herself and make sure everything was going well while also providing some complimentary appetizers.  Very nice gesture.  We were celebrating an anniversary so we also received a complimentary dessert that said happy anniversary on the plate.  Highly recommended restaurant with a great view and great food!
3	We stopped here for lunch, to try the food and also view the spaces they have available for a wedding reception.Reading reviews on different sites, my expectations were pretty high coming into this lunch. We had an amuse bouche of Asparagus Flan.  Absolutely spectacular, a little bite of asparagus-y perfection. My now hubby got the steak sandwich (which was also excellent, I wished I would have ordered the same) I got the crab french toast which was where the meal took a turn for the worst. The bread was stuffed with a very heavy mixture of crab and mayonnaise. The bread was very heavy, greasy and in conjunction with the crab mixture it just wasn't at all what I expected or very palate pleasing. We ordered dessert which was the apple strudel. It wasn't a BAD dessert but it wasn't what you would expect from a french restaurant with this kind of stellar reputation. Our server was excellent but the experience itself was inconsistent. The distance between the highs and the lows were too great for me to give the review I expected to give.
5	My favorite pastime is going out to dinner. Living in San Francisco, there is no shortage of excellent food. That being said, the reason that this is my first Yelp review, is because Las Vegas, to me, has proven to be such a mixed bag in regards to its' dining. It is extremely difficult to discern in any way other than a dining experience of your own, whether or not a restaurant is good, or merely another shiny tourist trap. My boyfriend and I dined here about a week and a half ago. Our experience was stellar. Every member of the staff that helped in providing us with one of the most pleasurable dining experiences we've ever had executed with decorum, class, and warm welcome. Our request to have a window seat was graciously accommodated, and the view of the strip and Bellagio fountains was beautiful. We started with two delicious cocktails. Both very refreshing and inventive. Then we ordered our dinner. We had the crab salad, black pepper raw beef, beef wellington, and the flat iron steak (notice a pattern?), with mushroom spaetzle and creamed spinach. I won't lengthen this review by picking apart each dish. I must just say that every dish was EXCELLENT. The wellington was delicious in its' flaky pastry, the flat iron cooked perfectly. We paired out meal with a lovely Bordeaux. I wanted seconds of everything we ate, but needless to say (that due to the generous portions not usually associated with fine dining) I didn't even have room for dessert. Our server, Josh, was extremely attentive and had a great sense of humor. We never had to ask or wait for a single thing. At the end of the meal, he brought out a small assortment of petit fours, which was a pleasant surprise, because as full as I was, I have quite the sweet tooth and rarely skip dessert. We just booked our next trip to Vegas, which will be at the end of September...yay! I absolutely can not wait to come back and treat ourselves to another dinner at Eiffel Tower. (Or two)
4	This may be the best room in Vegas.  The food is pretty good too.  I had the John Dory with roasted veg. and veal jus.  It was very good. Service is awesome as is everything else about this place.  Bring a bankroll though.  They're not afraid to charge a price.
4	A restaurant with great food, great service and a view of Bellagio's fountain show (or other parts of the Strip). Definitely a nice place to have dinner with somebody special. You will not be disappointed.
5	This review is for our lunch experience on a Sunday.  I can't speak to the dinner service, but if it's anything like lunch, then you're in for a treat.To start, we didn't have reservations, but it was a Sunday and we decided to take our chances.  Thank god we did, because we were quickly seated at a table with a gorgeous view of the strip including the Bellagio fountains.  Then came Todd Smith.  Oh Todd, I would marry you if I could, but I don't think my husband would appreciate it.  On second thought, he probably wouldn't mind because Todd was amazing.  The right amount of service, charm, and all the right suggestions.For starters was an amuse bouche of what I think was mushroom flan coupled with some cheese gougeres, better known as fancy french cheese puffs.  They were both delicious.  I was pretty close to asking for a few more puffs, but then out came our lunches.I had their version of a caprese salad, served with heirloom tomatoes, fresh mozarella, and basil infused water.  I know, basil water? Initally, I thought it was a whole cup of dressing, but I was corrected, and he poured away. Delicious.  Refreshing and light with just the right amount of basil.  I'd order that again.My hb had the lamb burger.  I was hesitant at first because while I love lamb, it can easily be ruined. This burger, oh this burger, was just so good.  It had a slight taste of curry, and a bit of a spice kick.  Cooked to a medium perfection, and served with a roasted red pepper relish.  I would definitely order that again.We finished off brunch with the stuffed french toast.  When we ordered this, I thought I would be stuffed myself, but it was a perfect sized portion for the 2 of us.  It wasn't too sweet, which was a pleasant surprise, and was served with the thinnest piece of crispy bacon.  Perfect balance of salty and sweet.Brunch prices were reasonable and considering we loved everything we had, I'd say it was well worth it.  That, and the service from Todd, the busser, and pretty much all the staff made this a perfect lunch.
5	Surprised my wife with this restaurant for her birthday last year and WOW was it delicious. The atmosphere of this restaurant is great! On the reservation, I noted it was her birthday and we ended up with a window seat right in front of the Bellagio fountains. That is absolutely the best view of the fountains I have ever seen. I think almost every staff member came by and wished her a happy birthday. The meal options at this place are limited, but I do recommend the steak over the chicken. My wife was eating my steak instead of the chicken she ordered because it tasted that much better. One thing that I was a little confused about at first was before we even ordered our main course, they were asking if we wanted a souffle for dessert. I guess it is because it takes so long to prepare and is made from scratch/to order. I do recommend the souffle for dessert, it tasted delicious!As a side note, I recommend buying the tickets for the viewing deck for after your meal. The restaurant offers a slight discount since your are dining there. Overall, will definitely be returning to this restaurant in the future (but only for special occasions, $$$$).
5	Most beautiful Restaurant I've ever been to.  Serves was amazing, our server knew the whole menu and was very honest about everything we asked.  We went at night for dinner and there just happened to be a lightning storm so the view was just breath taking.  I will definitely come back and get a full three course meal instead of just an entree.  Also they offered free bread which was a huge plus!  We had reservations for a group of 13 and they were very accomitating,
5	We got recommendations for this place from my parents and so, for our anniversary, we booked here. We were told though that it was first come, first served, in terms of having the ideal seats by the windows that overlook the fountains of the Bellagio and The Strip.We went for lunch though, so it wasn't too busy. We were seated by the window and were promptly served some sort of puffed rolls, with cheese and herbs infused. They were delicious!We ordered the onion soup to start and I ordered parmesan chicken and my husband ordered a lamb burger. Our food came and was delicious. The soup was probably my favorite part. We were feeling very full by the end and so declined dessert, but were still given some jellies and chocolate truffle and then were served a small chocolate mousse, on a decorated plate that said Happy Anniversary, which was a total surprise (they had asked when I booked if it was a special occasion, but had said nothing while we were there).Overall the service was great, the food delicious and the view wonderful. It was a great experience!
5	My boyfriend took me to this restaurant for valentines.  We loved it! The staff were very nice and our waiter was amazing!  The food was out of this world!  Will definitely come back again!
5	I came here for lunch yesterday. It was my first time eating here, and I could say this was the best fine dining experience I ever had as of today.The restaurant:The view of the strips, especially the Bellagio fountain, from this restaurant was beautiful. The decor was elegant.The food: I ordered Aged-Parmesan Crusted Chicken, Triple Chocolate cake and Mudslide (Mudslide was not on the menu, by the way). They gave free mushroom flan and Parmesan cheese puffs as starters. All of them were very rich in taste. Very delicious. The flan, cheese puffs, chicken and string beans were well-seasoned. The cake was smooth and delicious. The Mudslide was great as well.The service:The waiter, who took my order, was attentive, nice and polite. He knew the menu well. He's such a professional waiter.The restroom:Very clean. Elegant decor as well.The kitchen:Wow, it looked really clean. No wonder they are not afraid to show their kitchen to the customers. The kitchen is located right at the entrance (in front of the elevator), and it's an open kitchen, so people can see the kitchen and the hard-working chefs when they enter and leave the restaurant.I will come back to eat here again when I visit Vegas next time.
5	When my boyfriend asked me if I liked French, I immediately assumed we'd be dining at Bouchon. But then he mentioned a spectacular view and I remembered the actual Eiffel Tower in Paris has a restaurant in the middle of it. It's quite a walk (especially in stilettos!) from the parking lot past the buffet and through the Paris casino to the elevator which will take you up to the restaurant.  We arrived uncharacteristically late (8:30 for our 8:15 reservation). Because we specifically wanted a window seat (which I HIGHLY recommend), we ended up waiting over an hour. Around 9:45, the hostess let us know that 7 tables had signed their checks and they were just waiting for them to leave. First up, the gazpacho amuse bouche was flavorful and refreshing. Oddly, someone walks around with bread (which I suppose is a good thing if you don't want to fill up on it). I preferred the baguette to the multi-grain. We also ordered two glasses of cabernet based on our waiter, Tom's, suggestion. We started with a summer salad with shaved vegetables and corn soup. I felt the salad was overdressed and yes, there were literally paper thin slices of vegetables. They brought over my soup bowl and poured the liquid contents into the bowl tableside. Fancy. It was supposed to have manila clams but I couldn't really taste it although I am always happy to be served bacon. For entrees, the boyfriend ordered steak and bone marrow while I had the rack of lamb, cooked medium. Both were succulent and perfectly cooked and definitely worth the wait. The staff apologized for the long wait. Since the kitchen was slammed, our entrees didn't come out until nearly 10:30. We ended the meal with a Grand Marnier souffle (they have 6 kinds), which you have to order at the beginning of the meal. Afterwards, they brought out petite fours. Yum. Although the soup and salad were forgettable, the entrees were amazing and perfectly cooked. What was most impressive was the view. We were seated by the window where it directly faces the Bellagio water show. Easily the best seat in the house. Saw quite a few brides (2-3) at this super romantic venue. Highly recommended.
4	If you can't make it to the real deal, then the next best experience is this restaurant. Nestled in the heart of the strip with an unparalleled view of the strip, this is THE most romantic dining experience you will have in Vegas. The elevator trip up builds the anticipation of dining in the tower. The atmosphere is elegant and warm. We had a view of the fountain show at the Bellagio. The food is amazing but bring your appetite because you're definitely going to want to wine and dine and indulge with dessert. The waiter prepared a special dessert for our celebration as a surprise and the chocolate mousse was exquisite. The ET offers a truly posh night out with a French twist.
5	This place is pretty amazing.  I have had my last two birthday dinners here.  I got the tasting menu both times and was very pleased.  The food is super high quality.  All the two top tables are facing the windows overlooking the strip and balcony.  They have a great selection of breads, although the lunch time cheese filled rolls are amazing.  It is pretty pricey but worth it for special evenings out.
3	Good food and service. Remarkable view of Bellagio fountains. May not be true every night. Souffle great.
4	1. restaurant  the staff ...very nice.2. the downstairs staff very nice, but not very useful.3. food was made quickly4. food was great!5. the view was awesome..we could see the fountains and the sunset.6. great for anniversary7. very expensive!results: wife loved it.
3	Wow, this restaurant did not live up to my expectations at all. I was really disappointed with the food for the price. On the last night of a recent Vegas trip with just ladies, we wanted to go out with a classy bang. Earlier in the year I visited the Ramsey Steakhouse which is also located in the Paris hotel/casino. That was my first pick but since we couldn't get a table there, Eiffel was our backup plan. We had a reservation for 4 and arrived about 20 minutes early. They accommodated us right away which was great. The view of the strip is a beautiful backdrop to the restaurant. Our server was excellent. He was very professional and explained everything in detail. I ordered the surf and turf ($74). It was a prime cut steak with lobster. I was extremely extremely disappointed with my meal. It was a layered meal which consisted of a block of a bland potato dish, topped with the steak, topped with a lobster cake then topped with 2 tiny pieces of lobster and garnish http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=gYF9-Ev_sqV2gqB4dMs6Lw&userid=Q2RsDOhzsCBI-F1oOPe6Lg.  Not at all what I had in mind. I couldn't help but compare this to Gordon Ramsay's. Eiffel Tower restaurant doesn't come close to Ramsay's. In lieu of a salad, I opted for the tomato, mozzarella and basil app. ($18) http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=ehCfEscdNE6edLBmFV77oA&userid=Q2RsDOhzsCBI-F1oOPe6Lg. That was delish! It is heirloom tomatoes, avocado, with fresh mozzarella cheese dressed with a basil oil. I ate this with assorted bread they give. Speaking of bread, you get it only after you put in your order. There is a man who walks around with a platter of assorted bread table-to-table. Can't they just leave a bread basket, don't want that man to judge me on my bread consumption, ha ha?The steak was good but nothing mind blowing. Sides were ok. My friends ordered the halibut and only ate about half since she didn't really like the flavor. I'm glad I can say I've tried this place but probably wouldn't ever come back nor recommend to others.
1	Don't be fooled by the look of this place. We had better food and service at random local diner along the way of our drive from Texas. The food was bad, especially the lamb burger that I ordered for lunch . The meat was too salty. The taste of lamb was non-existent. I would prefer to spend $16 for a fast-food McDonald's burger than eating that lamb burger again.My wife ordered a BLT burger with salad on the side. Now why would you name it "burger" without any meat? The meatiest thing I could see was the "prepackaged" bacon which barely have any taste except, again, salt. And the salad... there were still dirt or spoiled leaves left. Totally unappealing. My wife lost her appetite after a single bite. We sat there waited and waited for over half an hour (not touching the food) for the waiter to show up (yeah right about good service) and guess who showed up!? The buzzer! Yup. And his job was just to clean up and fill up drinks. We then pointed at the spoiled salad and asked for the server. Yet no server came. Come to think of it, no one came to ask how we were doing with our meal the whole time we were eating there. So, after the buzzer cleaned up the table, guess what, they dared to bring out the bill... without even asking if we wanted desert. Wow, my wife and I sat there in disbelief for a while. THEN the waiter appeared with 4 pieces of candies. Complimentary? Was that our desert? We would prefer a simple apology (which we never receive).Terrible place to eat. Period.Just come for the view.Pro tip: You can get the "better" view if you pay for the Eiffel Tower elevator ride, and a better meal if you bring along a to-go McDonald, and it definitely costs less than wasting time eating in this "restaurant."
4	My fiance booked a table at the Eiffel Tower restaurant last Sunday for a very important occasion--he was proposing! If you want to snag on of the fabulous window tables with the gorgeous view of the strip, they will only guarantee those table for reservations before 6pm. Otherwise it's fist come, first served.Our reservation was at 6:30, and they were able to seat us by the window on a Sunday night. We started the meal with a strawberry basil mojito. It was pretty delicious except it was served with a metal straw, which gave it a slightly metallic taste. We opted to try the tasting menu at $98 per person to try a little bit of everything.Honestly, I will agree with some of the other reviewers that the best part of this experience is not the food. However, my favorite part of the meal was the oyster in the amuse-bouche with caviar on it. Also, their baguette bread was actually excellent and probably the best I've had outside of Paris. Have some! The Maine lobster salad and the rack of lamb were tasty, but the corn soup and the halibut were sub-par. For dessert we ordered the caramel souffle and the passion fruit meringue with champagne sauce. My fiance proposed right before dessert came out and he was able to pull it off discretely without causing a big scene luckily. Although all the tables by the window are very close to each other, facing out onto the Bellagio fountains made the experience more private and intimate. I was too overwhelmed to eat much of the dessert, but the little bit I had didn't blow me away at all.The only people to really noticed we got engaged were the couple next to us who generously sent over two glasses of champagne for us since they were on honeymoon. The restaurant did absolutely nothing for us to congratulate us, which was a bit of a disappointment for me. I heard a statistic that 300 couples get married in Vegas every day, but these are still very special moments for people that should be treated as such.Overall, this is a nice place to go to for a special occasion but I would not recommend splurging on the tasting menu. Go for the view and the bread!
4	Great view. Really Good not great food. Fun place. make a few memories of your own.. I have dined here maybe 4-5 times. Consistently good. Enjoy. Just remember it is in Vegas and a tourist thing.
5	Everyone familiar with Las Vegas most likely thinks of the Eiffel Tower Restaurant as a perfect location for a romantic evening or a beautiful place to have a special experience overlooking the Bellagio Fountains.  I completely agree with this, but I'd like to offer up another reason to visit this fabulous restaurant.Recently, I had four business associates visit Las Vegas for a convention at Mandalay Bay. It was my job to entertain them during the hours they were free from meetings.  Immediately when they arrived, I scooped them up and brought them to ETR.  They were completely blown away.  We sampled delicious cocktails (The Daisy and Autumn in Paris) and amuse trios in the lounge overlooking the fountains.  Michelle was our server and she was fantastic.  Two managers, Laurent and Ehsan, stopped by to welcome us.  It was a phenomenal experience, and my guests loved it so much that they came back to the restaurant for both lunch and dinner later in the week.  They also went back to the convention telling their fellow associates how wonderful it is.So - while it's perfect for romance,  also know that in any type of business related situation, when you're looking for a place to wow and impress, be sure to visit the Eiffel Tower Restaurant!
5	I absolutely adore this restaurant. It is my Vegas tradition - I come here every trip! It may seem like a cheesy idea at first, but it quickly wins you over. Every person I have brought with me falls in love with the restaurant too. The view is incredible - the best in Vegas. I love watching the Bellagio fountains and seeing the rest of the strip. And the menu is divine. I try a new entree every time (go with items that have an Eiffel tower icon by them...you cannot go wrong with those!) but stick with a bottle of champagne and cheese plate for an appetizer. Their mixed drinks are tasty but come with sticker shock - $17 for a tiny cocktail is a bit too ridiculous for me. Ask for a bottle of wine instead!Their desserts are also a must. My favorite is the creme brulee but each one can hold its own!If you have time, go up to the top of the tower after your meal. The view is spectacular!
5	Great food, great service, great view. The ravioli, the only vegetarian option, was amazing! The steaks were also very good. Of course, this place has the best creme brulee in town!
3	I ate here with a group of people and thought the food was great. Just alittle to classy for people looking to have a good time. Meals and drinks were very expensive. For me and my wife this would not be our first choice of an expensive place to eat while is Las Vegas
4	Absolutely amazing view.  The place is gorgeous and the food was delicious.  Waiters were extremely polite, and they bring you complimentary tasting samples for free--bruschetta and truffles!Had the grand marnier souffle--heaven.Prices were high (around $45 for a typical entree that doesn't include any sides), but it was definitely expected for a place like this.
5	Ate here and it was great.  Service was outstanding
5	Likes: Light frothy cappuccino, three types of bread available to choose from, delicious chocolate and pistachio souffles that were light and fluffy on the outside with a warm filling that just oozes out when you cut into it, variety of petit fours, photography option, incredibly beautiful view of the Bellagio fountains and their water show (I stopped the conversation every 15 minutes just to watch the show =)), AMAZING friendly service - everyone that came by was extremely nice which is extremely hard to come by in a lot of restaurants, great ambiance, VERY romantic, definitely a must-go place!Dislikes: Chocolate souffle was definitely better than the pistachio souffle.  I had food coma after eating so much deliciousness.
4	3.75 stars.Beautiful panoramic views of the strip from this glass walled upscale eatery located in the Paris.Take the elevator up to the open kitchen then be seated in the multi-level dining room.  James was our expert server this evening, and he did a nice job tending to a table of eight.Food was very good, but not unbelievable.  Vegas prices set the expectations bar high for most of us, and that bar simply wasn't achieved.We were greeted by a nice little amuse bouche of cauliflower, a surprise that was both tasty and welcome.  A bread selection was offered and along with soft butter was a crusty treat.  I liked the rustic variety.Appys:  The Maine Lobster Salad with Roasted Butternut Squash, Wilted Kale and Old Cider Vinaigrette was tasty enough, albeit a small portion for $24.  The Cold Smoked Salmon with Classic Condiments was very good at $19 and more substantial than the lobster.Entrees:  James told us a story about the Duke of Wellington and Napolean that prompted an order of the Beef Wellington.  The preparation was classic, though without the liver pate.  Actually that is the way my fellow diner preferred it, and the dish came out perfectly prepared, medium rare and delicious.Two others, including myself, ordered the short ribs which were underwhelming.  Four small bits of beef were accompanied by several baby carrots and three baby onions.  The brown sauce adorning the plate was a little too forward for my taste and quite a bit different from what we are used to eating in most establishments.  I want to say it was vinegar-ey, but I really am not sure what the unique flavor I tasted was.  I miss my Cafe 14 in Agoura Hills' short ribs!!!Dessert included a caramel souffle which, too, was underwhelming.  Flavor was very light, even with the requisite caramel sauce.  If you go for the souffle I would recommend the chocolate variety.We are used to paying Vegas prices, but although the Eiffel Tower had great vistas and good service, the value equation wasn't there at these high prices.  C'est la vie!
5	Woohoo! As good as it gets!To this establishment, first and foremost: thank you.  I had a special occasion that I wished to more than just celebrate -- I wanted to honor it.  Through every aspect within their power, their execution was flawless.It all started with communicating my intentions to one of the managers, whose information I took from prior review responses.  I figured if someone cared enough to write back to people, they might be the right sort to handle my requests with care.  I couldn't have been more right.  Laurent Ertle is the man I owe the uncanny success of the following.Through him, his suggestions, and his staff, when the night came, everything flowed effortlessly.  We pre-arranged the time and table to have, in my opinion, the best seats in the house.  The view and progression of the evening was marvelous.  A prepayment plan was set in place to avoid that awkward distraction at the end of the evening.  I was even granted the appropriate menus and floral piece for the table.After the warm welcome to our seats, the evening began with a cocktail.  Expressing an interest in St. Germain, our server when to ask the bar on specialties.  What returned was their version of a French 75.  A delightfully fragrant, subtly sweet, and slightly strong drink -- the perfect definition of a cocktail.Shortly thereafter, we were given a choice of bread to have.  While normally I would have picked a different bread to try each time around, I just couldn't get past having more of the wonderful french baguette -- rightfully so, considering the venue.  Then we were given a sample of gazpacho.  It was creamy and smooth being watery in neither flavor nor texture.  Thus it was obvious to me that the selection of vegetables, spices, and method was very deliberate.  To follow was an amuse bouche.  I had to ask the waiter twice what the trio was, and I still unfortunately forgot what they were exactly.  So instead of exact, I'll be broad: one was a fluffy, rich cheese-pastry; second was an oyster topped with caviar on a bed of black pepper and sea-salt; third was a mini quiche looking bite.  It succeeded in spurring my appetite for more.  For appetizers we ordered a corn soup and roasted foie gras.  The soup was the result of for some inexplicable reason that they don't serve french onion soup, which I would have considered a given.  Simple and tasty the soup was with a good marrying of ripe corn and hints of bacon.  The foie gras was luxuriously rich, and smartly paired with grapes and crisps for palate contrast and cleansing.Our main courses were the Aged New York Steak and Bone Marrow in a Cabernet Reduction as well as a Beef Wellington with Snap Peas.  I will say that my definition of medium-rare must differ from the kitchen's, but it's typically against my principles to argue with a chef's execution unless gross malpractice has occurred.  After just one bite, I forgot about any disagreement I might have had.  I was reminded that the quality of cut and preparation is at least as important as the method.  The marrow and reduction added a level of depth new to me with such a course.  The complex flavors still make me salivate at the mere memory of them.  The wellington was flawless in every way -- from presentation to indulgence.  The pastry shell advertised the culinary art contained.  It was flaky and refined.  Inside was a wonderfully tender, and expertly cooked, cut of beef.  More-so this course, I very easily would recommend it to anyone.Desert was a pair of souffles, that have to be ordered at the very beginning due to their complexity.  We had a gran marnier and pistachio.  Both light and delicious, which was the point of getting two.  I have to say I preferred the pistachio, but that is far from an easy decision to make -- I had to compare one to the other exhaustively.  The petit fours were simple treats of milk chocolate, fudge, white chocolate, or mango.  They definitely were unimpressive, but that's what happens when everything else was so far above standard.I had asked the photographer to return so that our photo would take place with the night lights of the Bellagio Fountains.  Not only did she, but she was enough of a perfectionist to wait for the exact right moment of the fountain show to snap the moment.  She also had our finished photo to us in what seemed like no time at all.A special note must be given to the server, Mario.  Not to be confused with the waiter (which for the first time for me, was not the same person).  He was an absolute pleasure to have around.  He was not only prompt and courteous in profession, but also charming and humorous in conversation.  It was the type of thing that beside all the foreign luxury we were surrounded in, there still was a sense of reality to ground the experience in memory instead of fantasy.I was denied the tower ride due to mother nature, but hopefully that will also encourage me to return again to at least shake Laurent Ertle's hand.
5	Amazing view- especially if you call ahead and tell them that you want the window seat. We got the set menu which was delicious. I preferred the steak over the fish, but still overall yummy.We had an amazing view of the Bellagio fountains which was the best part of the whole meal.
5	Souffle magnificent!!!Bartender Ridge was super professional and an outstanding bartender. The drinks:* Pink Velvet $18 (4 of 5) - Grey Goose Vodka, Promegranate and Watermelon Liqueurs, Pineapple Juice, topped with Watermelon-Elderflower Froth. Light, refreshing, and yes, so frothy. Comes in a champagne glass, but worth trying. * Strawberry & Basil Mojito $18 (4 of 5) Bacardi Rom, St Germain Elderflower Liqueur, Strawverry Puree and Pucker, Fresh Lime Juice, Basil, topped with Soda Water. Fresh and delicious for mojito lovers. The souffles:* Eiffel Tower Souffles $15 Chocolate (4.5 of 5) Delicious, but in comparison to the others, I guess this one has to be my second least favorite. Still delicious...* Eiffel Tower Souffles $15 Grand Marnier (4.5 of 5) Delicious, but in comparison to the others, I guess this one has to be my least favorite.* Eiffel Tower Souffles $15 Caramel (5 of 5) I just love caramel.* Eiffel Tower Souffles $15 Pistachio (5 of 5) Surprisingly delicious and mouthfuls of pistachio. Dress code required, please check website. But no reservations needed for seating at the bar and ordering drinks and dessert. Restaurant menu is pretty pricey, but the dessert is oh so worth it. This is a must-go and a must-try for souffle lovers. Skip the restaurant ordering and go to the bar for just desserts. If you are lucky, maybe you can get a seating overlooking the Bellagio Fountains. It is a breath-taking show when you are looking over the Bellagio Fountain and eating your souffle at the same time.
5	Put this on your "bucket list".... must have Lamb Burger from Eiffel Tower restaurant @ Paris HotelThis lamb burger is the F'ing Bomb. So much flavor. For $16 , you get lamb burger with fries. Add a "coke" plus tax tip is $25 for the Lamb Burger Experience... Well worth it.There's a dress code. And you have to make your way through a casino. But the food is magnifique !Very Professional and courteous staff. Spectacular view
5	My husband and I decided on this restaurant to celebrate our 1st wedding anniversary. Eiffel Tower Restaurant was going to kick off a spectacular night of good food, strong drinks, and luck at the poker tables...and it did just that; with style!~Upon entering the establishment, I was startled by the kitchen being right in front of me as I exited the elevator. This was interesting but it is very crowded and hurried when you exit the elevator so you dont really have time to take it in. The restaurant itself is much smaller than I imagined but in a good way. It is very romantic... We were seated promptly as we had a reservation. Our waitress was simply a joy and I truly enjoyed her presence throughout the evening. A server comes around and you get to choose your own bread; that was a nice touch and the server was very very friendly and attentive. I like the server nearly as much as I enjoyed the waitress. They bring out a complimentary amuse- I believe it was a calliflower soup?- It was served cold but it was absolutely delish! At that moment, I had full confidence that this dinner was going to be amazing! Did not disappoint~My husband had the lamb for his entree and I had the halibut. I cannot speak about the lamb as I do not eat meat but my husband said it was cooked to perfections; which I guess is difficult to do with lamb. The halibut was to die  for but what I enjoyed more about that entree was the bulgar wheat. The restaurant called it couscous but I am quite certain it was bulgar wheat made into a splendid tabouli! I attempt to make tabouli all the time and it is quite difficult to make really well so I was very impressed! As a side dish we had the mushroom spaetzel?- To this day we still cannot figure out if we were eating mushrooms made to look like noddles or actual noddles that were mushroom flavored. It was truly bizarre but I loved it for being different (and super tasty) For dessert we have espresso and the Grand Marnier Souffle~ I dont think I have ever had Souffle before and it stole my heart! I probably would have choosen a different flavor next time as I do not think the Grand Marnier added much to it but it was cooked to perfection! My husband had a great idea that when the Bellagio water show comes on, the music in the restaurant should be timed to play the same music that is going on at the water show. I must say the water show does not leave as strong of an impression without the music to go along with it.  Pricey dinner at nearly $200 for 2 people but in my opinion it was worth every cent!
5	If I could give 6 stars I most definitely would. From the moment we walked in until we left 3 glorious hours later, the entire experience was the best I have ever at a restaurant. Laurent, the Manager, was exceptional and treated my entire party of 4 as if we were old friends. John Paul, one of the Captains, was friendly, informative and we had the best service any of us has ever had. This was a such a special evening and worth every penny we spent..and yes we did spend quite a few. This was so much more than a dinner out. John Paul was excellent in describing the dishes and made perfect suggestions from the wine to the dessert. We had lamb, duck and beef and all were prepared superbly and presented with style and class. We felt welcomed every moment we were there and without a doubt we will return. Far beyond superb. Thank you Laurent and John Paul.
5	For the MOST AMAZING romantic dinner experience, go to this restaurant!!!  They offer a stunning view of the Bellagio fountains, delicious food, and wonderful service! The restaurant is at the Paris hotel and offers a panoramic view of all the neighboring hotels and the strip, such as Planet Hollywood, Cosmopolitan, Bellagio, Bally's, etc.  We called to make dinner reservations and found out that they could only guarantee window seating for 5:00 and 5:15 reservations during Fall. Window seating after those times was based on availability. (Note: Their reservations require a credit card.)  Taking our chances, we made reservations for 5:45 p.m. for an anniversary dinner celebration.  We were very pleasantly surprised when we were led to one of the coveted window tables directly facing Bellagio after we arrived for dinner.  We enjoyed a leisurely dinner - first admiring the beautiful sunset behind the Bellagio hotel and then watching at least five different water fountain shows at Bellagio after the sky darkened.  I have never watched the water show from up above and it was the most amazing sight.  The food was magnificent!  We had the beef wellington, the vegetarian crepe, a side of the potato croquettes and enjoyed the pistachio souffle for dessert.  The restaurant also gave us a complimentary chocolate mousse.  It was perfect.
1	Please DON'T GO HERE,,, prices are way too high for mediocre food & probably the worst customer service ever!!! They will ruin your night , spend your money somewhere where they will appreciate you!  I never have time to write reviews but I had to warn others about this horrible place :/I've been too many restaurants in my day ,, and I never seen staff that could care less about their customers ,,, since they are a busy restaurant they don't care if you don't like the service because they can just replace you with someone else who will take your table reservation ,,,I believe a lot of people were lured to this restaurant because their "view" but  truth is their view is not great at all , their service is insulting , the food is mediocre , and the atmosphere is nothing special. Fine dinning is priceless but when the place is actually worth it .Spent over $200 at this restaurant , and I have never been so ripped off in my life.  Seriously , spend your money at a more famous restaurant in Vegas ,, now I realize that if celebrities don't frequent a restaurant , it's obvious because the restaurant sucks ! Just how this one did :(
4	Five stars for the waiter we had...he was completely awesome. Also, the view we had was fantastic, it was facing the Belagio fountains.  As far as the food, not a fan.  I had the Salmon and it was very mushy.  I think it is a little over priced, 4 people and no cocktails, $250.00.  I am glad to have gone once, wouldn't go back because the food.
3	Pros: -Food was good, not mind blowing, but still delicious. I recommend the lamb, the salmon, and creme brulee. The lamb was cooked to perfection, really juicy.The salmon was delicious (I wish the portion were larger ^_^).The creme brulee finished off the meal with a sweet kick.-Gorgeous panoramic views of the strip (beautiful fountain view), request a window table if any are available-Friendly, professional serviceCons:-One of the busiest restaurants on the strip, restaurant feels very crowded-food and drinks are a bit over priced (but then again it is a restaurant on the strip)-portions are small, but it is intended to be a multi course dinner-can be a bit loud-the booths still have a beautiful view of the strip, but the coveted tables are right on the window-the woman checking us in was a bit stuck up, I had to greet her first =(Overall, it was a good experience. But as far as I am concerned, this was a one time deal.
2	Way overpriced!Service is OK, but their prices are killing all of the good experiences.The other night forked out $600 for a party of four (no alcohol).Unless you got $$$ to burn, go somewhere else.
3	Food was decent/a-okay. A little bit over priced IMO. Then again, this happens way too often with all the "fine dining" restaurants I've been to around the world. Portions were big enough to be very filling.Ambiance wasn't quite I imagined it to be. I thought it would be more quiet and romantic. Instead, it was very loud and crowded. I felt like as if I was at Chilis or TGIF. I would prefer my pricier restaurants to feel classier.Note: Even though I made reservations, I still had to wait in line for 45 minutes. Apparently there were 6 other groups/couples with reservations who 'checked in' before me. Not sure how that works.Also, there is a dress code.Minus 2 stars for the price, loud atmosphere and wait time.
4	Great view, great service and great food!We came here for my dad's birthday and fortunately for me I packed an evening dress and heels. Not so good for my dad lol. He forgot to bring a jacket and apparently this restaurant likes to keep that "high class" feel going. They even lent him a jacket to wear for the entire dinner. I find that somewhat funny but at least they didn't turn him away right?Looking at the menu, it took me back when I was at the Space Needle for dinner. Everything sounded so amazing yet so pricey! I can admit it, I can be fairly cheap sometimes BUT I do however think amazing foods come at a fair price.With that said.. I order the roasted rabbit, no appetizer or salad. They served us asparagus soup  and bread to begin with so I didn't want to stuff my face too much. Gotta save room for dessert! Having rabbit is new to me and as much as I wanted lamb I also like to try new things even more so. The meat was so delicate, much more so than lamb but just as delicious. With the sauce and vegetables served along the rabbit, everything fell into place. My mouth certainly was having a taste bud orgasm.For dessert, I ordered the pistachio souffle which our server had informed us about in the beginning since it takes about 45 minutes to prepare. Souffle? Yum. Pistachio? YES PLEASE! So how was it you ask? Blissful. I was literally in heaven. Subtle sweet gooeyness and fluffiness... Oh, and it was humongous! I probably could have devoured it all by myself but I was nice enough to share since there was definitely more than enough.Exceptional service of course. Our server was very friendly and informative. The ambiance is very intimate with an outstanding view of the water fountains at The Bellagio. It was a nice experience and worth it but man was I happy to take off my heels after wards! The strip is not friendly to feet in heels at all.
5	I've been here three times now and still get excited every time.  Twice with just me and my fiance, at night, when it's nice and romantic (prices are higher of course and you have a full waiting staff which can be overdone) and once at lunch with my parents and fiance (much more relaxed during the day.The food is delicious.  I've had two chicken dishes for dinner and one blt for lunch.  Food and experience is definitely worth the splurge.
4	Really nice view. The waiter was really sweet, flirted a couple of times :) I had a tomato Salad which melted right on my mouth. For main I had Aged Parmesan crusted chicken w/ potato gratin, vegetables, it was delicious. Romantic place.
5	Our one year anniversary dinner! Made reservation at 8, changed to 9:30, still requested a window seat with Bellagio fountain and strip views, host girl was so nice, gave us a window seat before 9:30, great job! I had a specialty cocktail at the bar, red velvet, it was so yummy! Sweet but strong, liked it a lot. I can't even describe how amazing the views were.... I had photos of that, please check them out! Our waiter greeted us very friendly, gave us wine list first, expensive bottles of wine, red, white, sparkling, I didn't see one bottle less than $70, we ordered bottle of champagne around $100, it was so good! We took time to look through the menu while sipping on our champagne. Their complimentary bread was a big tray, server carry it around for dining people to choose what kind of bread we want, they gave us a creamy soup as dipping sauce,  butter too. I didn't like the cold bread and soup, but it was a great dipping sauce, bread tasted so delicious with it.Our amazing food:Trio of American Caviar, Golden Whitefish, American Sturgeon, Salmon Roe, 28 grams each, with Creme Fraiche, Chives, Blinis and Toast: they were heavenly delicious! Beautiful presentation! We enjoyed every single bit of it very muchCream of mushrooms soup, wild rice galette, crispy shallots: so delicious, soup was very flavorfulMaine lobster salad, roasted butter squash, wilted kale, old cider vinaigrette: the kale was so yummy! The lobster was very tender and flavorful, loved loved it! Fricasse of escargot, sweetbreads, fennel, farm raised poached egg, Pinot noir jus: the escargot was so tender, but not very flavorful, the poached egg was perfect, I still loved it cause I wanted something light as entree for that night. Char broiled filet Mignon, red wine sauce: hubby asked for extra red wine sauce, he said the filet was one of the best he has ever had for a very very long time! He absolutely loved the red wine sauce!Gratinee creamed spinach and mushroom: too creamy to our liking, but still yummyWe didn't order desert, the portions were really big for French cuisine! But the restaurant gave us chocolate mousse for our anniversary! They even put chocolate "happy anniversary" on the plate.... Aww... It was just too sweet and beautiful! I was so happy for our memorable anniversary dinner, with beautiful views from our seat, over the top service, tasty champagne, delicious food, what more could I ask?.... It was just amazing! $350 dinner was very well worth it....A perfect restaurant for romantic dinner date or special occasions!
5	I've always wanted to eat here all the times I've gone to the Vegas strip and was pleasantly surprised when I was taken there for my birthday!It was summer and extremely hot (109+ degrees) but slightly more formal attire was recommended.  We were in formal attire but later noticed that some were in business-casual attire.  There were still many in formal attire as well.The restaurant is located in the Paris Hotel/Casino.  There's an elevator that takes you from the casino lobby to the restaurant located in its "Eiffel Tower."We made dinner reservations and we got there a bit early so we went to the bar for a cocktail.  I'm not big on alcoholic beverages so I ordered the "Sparkling Passion."  I don't remember but it was a sparkling wine with orange juice and some kind of fruit puree.  It was very good!This was a few years ago so all I remember about the food was the complimentary cheese bread being probably one of our favorite dishes haha.  Our table had an amazing panoramic view of the Bellagio fountains.  It was really beautiful.  This is a great place to have a romantic dinner.Apparently, my significant other ordered a surprise delivery but it never got to the restaurant.  The manager at the time was apologetic and tried to make things right for us so we appreciated the good customer service.
2	Like all strip restaurants it is way overpriced. The food is, at best, acceptable. Worst of all is the attitude of too m any of the staff. It is far from welcoming and displays an overwhelming lack of class except perhaps low class. Worth avoiding.
4	Some friends wanted to take me out to a nice dinner in LV and asked me for suggestions, having been at Eiffel Tower a few times in the past, I recommended it. Atmosphere is nice and service is very good.   Views of the strip and the Bellagio fountains are also very nice.  This restaurant is on the pricey side, even for Las Vegas, so be prepared to spend.Now, the food.   The menu is a meat lover's delight with only one veg option available, and steaks start at about $75 and $56 for a filet.   I ordered the filet in the red wine reduction and have to say it was very good, albeit a little over-done.  The salad as my start was great and fresh, as was the bread and even the butter.  They usually comp a small chef's sampling and our group was treated to a smaller shot of a cauliflower foam - also outstanding. The wine list is expansive and expensive, mark ups seem higher than most other LV premium restaurants. I liked the food and would go 5* here if the prices were more down to earth.
4	I've been here for brunch as well as for dinner and had 2 wonderful experiences.  Except for the fact that they made me wear one of their over-sized blazers.  My nice, long sleeve, tapered, crew shirt lacked a collar.  I just think it's ridiculous that the guy in the Under Armor coaches shirt, flimsy collar and protruding belly included, could lounge about in this nice restaurant blazer free.  A little discretion from the hostess' when it comes to doling out the scarlet jacket would be nice.  Now, back to the wonderful experiences.  First, call ahead and reserve a table at the windows with a fountain view.  It's the best view on the strip and a perfect place for a romantic dinner.  This is a must.Choosing a entree was difficult.  They have an excellent Chef, and their menu is fantastic, but at the end of it, I had been craving a steak all day, and ordered the filet.  It was the best steak I ever had!  And I eat a lot of red meat.  For desert?  Creme brulee; a perfect way to end the meal.I'll be back!
5	Had company in town and a gift certificate I had won, so we went for Sunday lunch.  FABULOUS!!  Besides the awesome view, our service was wonderful, and the food....oh the food... it was DELICIOUS!!  We're still talking about the parmesan flan!!  We would love to cleanse our palate with that every day!  At first, we were skeptical, but one taste and we were hooked.Our server, Todd S., was very friendly and efficient.  He made sure we had everything we needed was able to describe the menu items with great detail - helping us throughout the meal.We tried the Seafood Salad, Crab and Avacado, Parmesan Chicken, and the soup.  The only minimal complaint was that the lettuce was cut too small.  Otherwise, everyone was happy with their choice.  Would definitely visit again!  Can't wait to share with more of our guests
5	Celebrated our anniversary here, made reservations and asked for a table with the bellagio fountain views. Hostesses were nice informed us it would be a few more minutes so we got a drink at the bar, very pricey drinks but they did have my favorite bleu cheese stuffed olives. Finally seated and they did honor my request for the fountain view, such a romantic spot. Our server greeted us an older gentleman but right away we could tell he was snobby and looked down at us since we were a young couple. Just brushed him off, for a starter we had the scallops, so delicious served with baby carrots and a  puree that I can't remember but oh man so good! For dinner I had the filet while my husband had the ny strip with bone marrow, to share we also ordered asparagus, mushroom & spinach along with pommes rissolees, these fried potatoes. Everything except the potatoes was delicious!  Just melt in your mouth delicious. Steaks were cooked perfectly, we were so stuffed. i dont know why my husband ordered a warm apple strudel because our server brought us an anniversary dessert which I noted in our reservations and we were in a food coma after that. I highly recommend this spot for a romantic dinner. Be prepared to spend some money but its worth every penny.
5	We had an impeccable experience shared with my family at the Eiffel Tower Restaurant.  Greeted by the friendliest GM Lyle, fabulous drinks poured by Keith, exquisite service by our waiter Michael and staff, complimented with the tastiest dinner AND the most gorgeous view on the Las Vegas Strip watching the Bellagio Fountains = bliss!  Thanks to all for a wonderful memory on a very special occasion.  Wishing you much continued success.
2	I went there for a surprise birthday dinner. We flew in from San Diego and had dinner arranged there at 8. I was expecting fine dinning experience and the hospitality of this place is far from acceptable. The waitress there cant stop telling us how we used the wrong knife for butter. Don't know to ask before taking the plate away to make sure we are done with that dish or not. She ended up offending the birthday person several times ('Fine Dinning'). Finally we asked the manager to give us a different waitress for the table. The manager after listening to all this said 'we don't have anyone else right now to replace her'. I at least expected that a manager of a so called fine dining should be able to take up the role of a waitress and resolve a situation like this. Either ways, I am used to going to fine dining restaurants in San Diego and OC on a regular basis and this place needs a lot of training to reach the standards of the industry.
4	Was there a couple of weeks ago to celebrate her 21st bday!!!She surprised me by saying we were heading here for dinner.  The atmosphere and food was awesome.  The souffle was awesome.They did help celebrate her BDAY with an extra dessert surprise.The ambience and view made the price worthwhile...and the food was the kicker.The only thing that we had issue was with a/c that was blowing right over us...so at the end of the dinner..we were pretty cold.
4	Service, atmosphere and food are all excellent.  Would return again.  Beef Wellington was superb.
3	3 stars for food and five stars for service, but I am going to round because they forgot the most important thing!I had made reservations to celebrate my mom's birthday. When I had called, they had asked if we were there for a special occasion and I had mentioned that we were there for a birthday.However, once we got there, they made no mention of it. It wouldn't have been a big deal but everyone else on yelp had their birthday person recognized.   Why ask and then not follow through? Not cool. Not cool at all. Service is outstanding! We started off with the amuse bouche, which consisted of a cauliflower mousse. Absolutely delicious. The servers kept coming back and forth to make sure we had enough bread and water. Kept cleaning our table over and over. They had this little bread crumb lifter that removed all the crumbs. That's high class! Their waitstaff is awesome and for that alone I would say go. My mom got the recommended parmesean crusted  chicken while I got the lamb burger. She liked the chicken but it was a little to heavy for me. I got the lamb burger, but it was a little too strong for me, so I'd have to pass. We both ordered a non-alcoholic lime drink which was tasty and a great alternative to the alky. We ended up getting our own dessert, the strawberry souffle with pistachios. Kind of reminded us of strawberry ice cream since they freeze it, but a nice option to the end of the meal. Would I go again? I don't know. I usually go to Vegas for celebrations, either birthdays or graduations and such, so we usually go all out. But not remembering a birthday of a guest is a big no-no, especially at a place that has such a high level of service. Joel Robuchon definitely remembered. At least I took her to go see O.
2	The restaurants ambiance was really nice, the food was good but the prices are very high. I had the braised short ribs, the meat was really tender but I didn't care for the sauce and I thought the noodles were out of place. The most amazing thing was the brussel sprouts with bacon.
3	What a great place to have a nice and pleasant dinner with some pretty great views of the strip and the water show at the Bellagio...Even at 930pm on a random Saturday night, the place was pretty packed. So packed that I wasn't seated until 950pm. But at least I knew coming in that I wanted the Tasting Menu so at I got my order in before 10pm...their scheduled time to close.But despite coming early hoping for an on time reservation, I felt that they were rushing through my courses. Sure, this was a late dinner, but still, I'm here to enjoy French fine dining, and not experience this fast food. If I wanted fast food...I would have gone somewhere else.So it was a bit of an annoyance when my server (I'll leave nameless) asked if I was done with my Cream of Mushroom soup despite having only 2 spoonfuls of this delicious dish. I mean like c'mon dude...there's still a majority of the soup remaining and you were just here like 2 minutes ago...really? really?I would understand if I was the only person remaining, but there were plenty of other patrons still putting in their orders. And by the way, even with the Tasting Menu, I still managed to finish and leave before several patrons who started before me. So I still didn't understand why I was being rushed.Do you guys have a conveyor belt every time someone orders the Tasting Menu? Do you guys have a set time limit every time someone orders the Tasting Menu?Does the kitchen actually close at 10pm?Another point was that I asked to supplement the Tasting Menu with their Camembert, Crispy Pear and Currant Roulade (which by the way seems like it is included in the menu online, but it's actually extra when you get to the restaurant). Anyways, I asked to supplement this, but my server was leaning towards cancelling it, suggesting that I may be already full after the Filet Mignon. But with his persistence, I gave in and asked to cancel the Crispy Pear.Again, the "rush factor" was a big turn off. So despite having such great views of the neon lights and the dazzling water show across the street, the evening became a moot point.Would I come back again? Probably...it's definitely a great date place. It's not intimate because it can be pretty loud everywhere you sit. It's a dressy place so having that with the great views can be a date night possibility.But on this particular visit, I came solo. So that may have played a role into why I was being rushed. And another thing...before I was seated, I was invited to the bar and wait there before my table was ready. My question is...why do I need to close out my tab at the bar? Why can't I transfer it to the table? Are the bar people separate from the dining room area people? It was just a little odd.Again, I would come back, and again I would order the Tasting Menu, but I would probably make it clear to the server that we/I are in no rush here. I should have done that before, but lessons learned, and moving on.
3	So many reviews here I'll keep mine short and simple.The food was quite good but not worth what the final bill.  I have had much better for that kind of cash.This place is VERY expensive IMO.I have never had a $20 chocolate martini before...unfortunately we had 4 total.  So drinks &  dinner w\ no appetizer, no salad and no dessert total was over $220.That may be no big deal to you high rollers but I was pretty shocked.Again, decent food and  one of the best views on the strip but you definitely pay for it!3 stars for food quality, less that stellar waiter service, always empty water glass  and price shock.5 star view for Vegas strip and the fountain show.Bottom line, once you are in they have you.  You are paying mostly for the view.
4	While waiting for out dinner reservations elsewhere we decided to head up here for a drink.Great choice, the view amazing the service nice and the bartender was attentive and cute.  Again the view is amazing!  Next time I will have to try the food.
5	I took my husband and some of his family here for a reunion meal, and everyone loved the experience.  Laurent, the restaurant manager whom I contacted by email before our visit, ensured that we had a fabulous window table with an awesome view of the Bellagio Fountains.  Our wait staff gave us attentive, patient service.  And the chefs provided delicious meals.  My husband deemed his salmon with pinot noir sauce "the best salmon ever."  I was a huge fan of the Grand Marnier souffle and the expensive ($18) specialty cocktails.  Our four guests ordered versions of the filet mignon, and all seemed pleased except for the one who ordered her filet medium well (it was more well done, and therefore tougher, than she had expected it to be).  All of the sides (potato gratin, green beans, brussels sprouts, and mushroom spaetzle) were tasty.  The Maine Lobster salad was very good, though it's worth noting that it contained far less kale than I had expected, just a little taste rather than salad-like greens.  The meal was, of course, seriously expensive ($717 for the six of us, including tax and the mandatory 18% gratuity (the gratuity was, I assume, mandatory because we were a larger group)).  We knew that going in (the menu, with prices, is available on the restaurant's website), however, so we were not unpleasantly surprised.  If you can afford to ignore the cost, eating at the Eiffel Tower Restaurant at Paris Las Vegas is a fun, tasty, memorable experience (the views truly are unforgettable).
5	Ou la la, tres magnifique! The view alone will swoon you.  The service is near perfect.  The food was elegant and tres delicieux!  You will walk away thoroughly satisfied.The only complaint I could even mention is towards a patron who asked if this place served French cuisine.  Get out of here! :-P  To get to the restaurant, you must walk through the casino floor and find the Eiffel Tower elevator.  A staff member will escort you and voila.The service was magnifique from the start to the end.  As soon as you are seated you will be asked about beverage.  They will kindly recommend you some wine followed by a buffet of freshly made breads.  Yes, buffet! We went through a few rounds of them.  You get your classic baguet and couple of other delicieux homemade breads!As the Yelper I am, I had to take several pictures around the restaurant.  You could be seated anywhere and still have a spectacular view of the beautiful Vegas strip and surrounding.  Be sure to get a nice shot with the Paris Ballon in the background.THE FOODStarted off with a couple things actually.  First was this complimentary shot of something that reminded you of a bacon potato soup.  Tres bon! Second, was appetizer--a deliciously warm sweet glazed foie gras! For the main course, I savored every single bite of my nicely medium grilled NY-cut steak with glistening bone marrow accompanied with a side of pillowy soft mashed potatoes.  *food coma mode*Lastly, the Chocolate Souffle! They served it by pouring warm, melting chocolate into the souffle.  It was very moist and soft with a balanced sweetness from the chocolate.One thing I really appreciated was them filling your glass of water each time it was low.You might not be in the real Paris, but the experience here definitely made you feel like you were in the City of Lights.  Merci beaucoup Eiffel Tower Restaurant for a magical and elegant evening.
4	Well I just have to say that while at the height of my event's chosen venue years ago, red interior motif cozied up with the satisfactory service, tasteful cuisine and a spectacular view overlooking the famed Bellagio Fountains and the Las Vegas 'Strip' of which the view was a gratification in the elevated area for the private party. Upon initial tour of the venue by the ever gracious event hostess who showed me around the restaurant and the cuisine art room (my very own preferred reference to any "kitchen") prior to booking the date of event, I was informed of a table that just may leave you breathlessly full of romance and love...a table for two, that is for the romantic in each of us... Alas, it is mentioned in a recent February 2013 article http://www.yellowpages.com/news/food-dining/six-romantic-tables-for-date-night/table-56-at-eiffel-tower-restaurant/#gallery-article Be surely fall in love, your hearts a-flutter and St. Valentine would sure be elated, ooohlala. Whether or not you dine by your self, with someone special, with friends or a much bigger company to entertain, it exudes Amour!
4	Overall a great experience at this restaurant. The wait staff is very attentive and friendly. The view, should you have a window seat (we didn't), is amazing and overlooks the Bellagio fountains. Minus 1 star because I felt the restaurant was quite loud and because 2 of the dishes we had tasted slightly under-seasoned. The cold potato soup they serve as a starter is absolutely amazing, and the filet mignon put the other entrees to shame. We had a pistachio souffle for dessert, which was good but tasted a little bitter.I really enjoyed my meal here and would come back again, although next time I will make sure we have a window seat!
5	We have been coming to Vegas for MANY years and finally got around to trying this restaurant. We are sorry it took so long! We only had lunch there but we were treated just as nicely as if we'd spent a lot more on dinner! From the very start when we were warmly greeted and escorted up the private elevator, to the beautiful table we were given right by the window, and the extremely attentive and friendly service, we really felt like valued customers. We really appreciate that when eating out in Vegas. The food was good but we felt it was almost secondary to the top notch service, presentation, and ambience of the place. Our server was very helpful with describing the specials and other menu items. He seemed to know a lot about the restaurant which came across in a very fun way, his pride was definitely showing! He even shared the recipe book with us, left it on the table for us to look at, but then did not try to "upsell" it to us, which we appreciated but were almost disappointed since it was a very cool book. We went back for it later, as we decided we needed to take it home as a souvenir. But that just gave us an opportunity to go back up there at night and check out the view then! And we were treated so nicely when we went back too. Thanks for giving us such a nice memory of this Vegas trip!
1	This review is for the Valentine's dinner experience that me and my gf had.1. we got to the restaurant on time at 7pm, and the Maitre d' routed us to the bar to wait for our (empty) table so that we could spend money on drinks first. 2 mimosas, with pulp, were $36 due to $14 per mimosa price tag and 18% gratuity already included.2. At $189.99 per person I thought we'd get seated next to a window, but instead we got packed into the middle of the restaurant.3. the 5 course meal was extremely limited. Only fish or beef (not even steak) were the main course.4. the food felt too fancy and there was no substance to it. The first course was three 1/2 inch items on one plate, mushroom, some stuffed cracker, and something else. The remainder of the 5 course meal was: a small salad, then 2 shrimp and shredded pear(?), and then the small beef steak, not even rib-eye, or New York, and then a piece of cake with one scoop of ice cream.The total bill was close to $500, for 2 people. Of course 18% gratuity already included.The best part of the whole evening was the bread, it was really good. The french bread and the multi grain bread. But I wouldn't come here just for the bread.It was really a let down to come here. Especially for the price, this was really a shit show, and I would not come here again or recommend anyone to come here again.
5	Spectacular view of Vegas Strip, Food and Service 5 Star!
1	Very good service and very good views but when I was eating there roaches in the wall the employes new what we were looking at so they gave us free desert and appetizers but they didn't mention the roaches who knows if there was insects in my food
1	I am really disappointed by my experience here last night.  I had my wedding reception here a few years ago and always recommend it to everyone for their "flawless performance."  The night started out bad when we were told that we had to check our nice bottle of (Napa Cab) wine, despite the fact that it does not say it on their web site visibly and when we searched for it on other sites they said it was allowed.  The wine we ended up ordering was nowhere near the quality of the wine we brought.  None of the hosts were very friendly or warm, but I'm assuming that is part of the ambiance.  There was a huge burn mark from a plate on our table.  I asked for the sauce for my steak on the side and it came out covered.  The restaurant is disconnected from the hotel so if you're hoping to add points to any reward card, think again.  The site does say that a jacket is encouraged but clearly not enforced since I saw torn up jeans.  The final end to our evening was the elevator hostess looking like she wanted to hit someone.  When I tried to cheer her up she only scowled at me.  Maybe she was feeling the Parisian vibe as well.  Overall, it was an incredibly expensive evening that was far from the perfect experience I'm used to here.  Sadly, I won't be coming back or recommending it in the future as I had done. To be balanced, the bus boys were wonderful and the quality of the Filet Mignon was quite high.  However, I feel you can get that in other areas on the strip.
5	Absolutely wonderful. Obviously expensive but worth every penny!
4	Been here twice. The dinner service was formal and elegant. Lunch was more relaxed, but very nice. I was expecting more of a tourist attraction type of dining, but it really is fine dining. My lamb was cooked perfectly and my martini was perfect.
5	One of my favorite restaurants in the world.I had been here a few times in the past and I have to say that every time was better than the last. I love the attentiveness of the staff, they really want you to have an outstanding experience. The food is out of this world. I always order one or two sides from the a la carte menu, not because I'm that hungry, but because it is all done so well. Much thought is put into the dishes and there is always a silence when anyone at my table took their first bite of any dish, followed by "Oh my god".I have been telling my wife all about the Eiffel tower experience and she is looking forward to trying it out too when we go to Vegas for our honeymoon.If you want to try an intimate dining experience with a fantastic view of the water show, and are a foodie, you have to pay the Eiffel Tower restaurant a visit.
3	To me it was real expensive for not that amazing of a quality. May be because the hotel itself is so old and falling apart compared to The city center.
5	We celebrated our anniversary here and were seated in a private corner table that overlooked the Vegas strip and the Bellagio.  During our dinner we were able to watch the fountain show at the Bellagio.  The service is first rate and the food amazing.  If you like souffle it's a must order for dessert.The atmosphere is beautiful with low lights, table lines and elegant dinnerware.Everything we ordered was excellent.
5	This is a long overdue review and I think this review would be the only review that I actually think I owed to Eiffel Tower Restaurant to write.My experience with the Eiffel Tower Restaurant began long before I even stepped foot in Vegas. I was going to Vegas with my then girlfriend for a weekend in late October 2011 and I'd decided to dine at this restaurant while I was there.  So in  late September of 2011, based on a lot of comments that I had read on Eiffel Tower Restaurant's page on facebook, I chose to send an e-mail to make the reservation to  the (I'm assuming) operating/general manager of the restaurant, Lyle Tolhurst, letting him know when I was going to be dining there and the preferred time of arrival (between 7 or 7:30 pm) and the seat location (by the window overlooking the Bellagio Fountains so we could watch the dancing water). I also informed him that this would be my first time in Vegas and I'm trying to have a memorable experience.Soon after, Lyle responded to my request suggesting that if I should move my reservation a little bit earlier to 6:30 pm. In his own words, "We are blessed with beautiful coral sky sunsets that fade into twilight and full darkness. If that appeals to you I would suggest a 6:30 reservation if you are not bowed in by other commitments."  I, of course, accepted his suggestion and made a 6:30 pm reservation for a Saturday night.Fast forward to the day of the reservation, me and the ex arrived promptly at the restaurant and we were seated by the window with an amazing view of the Vegas strip and the Bellagio. To our surprise, our table had rose petals on it. Not the fake kind but REAL rose petals! Our waiter came to introduce himself and made small conversation and asked us if we wanted anything to drink (other than water). After we placed our drink orders and we were looking over the menu, our waiter came back with a small appetizer sampler plate with I think three appetizers on it. Before I was able to say, "I didn't order this", our waiter explained that the appetizers were given to us compliment of Lyle.The steak that I had was great, I can't remember what my ex had but she loved it! The ambiance was nice, and the view was absolutely amazing. Lyle wasn't lying about the sunset. It was awe-some! Me and my ex had an amazing time while I was there. The only thing that I probably should have done is allow the camerawoman (there's one that offers to take your pictures with the Strip/Bellagio in the background) to take our picture. Also, you have to try the souffle. TO DIE FOR!!!If you're going to Vegas and you've never dined here. I absolutely recommend it. To get over the top treatment like I did, i would recommend e-mailing Lyle directly instead of making a reservation through a website like open table (which I normally use). I'm not posting his e-mail here but if you go to the restaurant's page on facebook, you'll find it pretty easily.I really couldn't ask for a better experience while I was here. I would rate this place higher than a five, but since five is highest then I guess five it is!
5	This is a "do not miss" spot. Having eaten in Paris on the "tower", we were excited to experience this Vegas style. We had a great meal , a great table , a great picture , and a top waiter (John Anthony) who artfully wound us through a terrific dining experience. Truly one of the best meals we had in Vegas, add in the view and this was magic. Thanks Eiffel Tower.
5	WOW!  This is one of the best restaurants in the world that I have been to in my 45 years!  From the moment you step off the elevator you know that you are in the right place.  The ambience and views are amazing.  The food is absolutely equisitie.  The staff is top-notch and very attentive.  This is on our must list from now on every time we are in Las Vegas.
5	Food HEAVEN. We celebrated a late Valentine's Day dinner here and it was well worth the wait and the 3,000 miles traveled! We had a fantastic view of the Bellagio Fountains, great service and extremely delectable entrees. Maine Lobster Salad, Aged New York Steak, Beef Wellington and various side dishes. Their Caramel Souffle is must have. To address the reviews that said portions were small - our portions were more than sufficient and perhaps you attended one too many buffets. We will definitely be back again when we return to Vegas!
5	I came to the restaurant as part of a Century 21 convention and awards ceremony for the first time recently.  I was amazed at the level of service particularly from a gentleman named Rodney Lennon.  He took the extra time to provide a true level of care and service and I look forward to returning with friends and family in the future.
4	We went to this restaurant for our 10 year anniversary. It is a hype restaurant and it comes with everything you'd expect in an expensive, centrally located restaurant with a theme. The view of the Bellagio fountains is very cool and definitely enhances your overall dining experience but it does come with a price tag.We had the seafood appetizer which was beautifully presented and very tasty. The main course was good but not the best I've had (I went for steak and my husband ordered pheasant), and then we had souffle for dessert. Plus, a bottle of wine to top the bill. The souffle was good and the selection of flavors is overwhelming. It does take 40 minutes to make so I highly recommend ordering in advance - unless you are planning to spend 3 hours dining. You can get a picture taken and printed out ($24) and you can get a rose for your date on your way back from the bathroom (at least, that's what my husband did). It's romantic and very nice, with good service and a pleasant view. But there's one thing it's not... and that is it is not the best restaurant in Vegas.
5	Loved this place. Been there twice and food and service were fantastic.
4	The best part about this restaurant is the ambiance and the view of the Bellagio Fountains. Luckily we were able to get a seat by the window with an amazing view and I was mesmerized by the fountains. Being my first time in Las Vegas I am glad I went, but next time I am in Vegas I doubt I will go to ETR. Not saying I won't go back ever, just wasn't as blown away by the food as I was expecting. I have mixed feelings about the staff. They were polite and attentive, but there were times I felt they were a bit snobby and not accommodating. The host at the front of the house annoyed me at the beginning - we were about 5 minutes late for our reservation, our fault I realize, but they made us wait about 30 minutes. The host was not extremely helpful trying to make me feel better about this and made it worse by how much he referred to us being late. I mean yes we were late, but 5 minutes? Anyway, once we finally got our table with such an awesome view I was very happy and in a great mood. We had several questions about the wine selection which seemed to annoy our server. Otherwise, the service was fine just not the best I've had at fine dining establishments. For the price I was expecting stellar service and food. My boyfriend and I have been to some great fine dining French restaurants (The French Room in Dallas being our favorite). For two people, we ended up spending just over $200.With all that said, the food was very good and overall our night was very enjoyable. If I return to Las Vegas with someone who hasn't been to Vegas before, I would go back to ETR for the ambiance. If bf and I return within the next couple of years, we will go elsewhere.
5	Fantastic time. Great service great foot great atmosphere!  It was my wife and I's 10 year anniv and when we made the reservation at the desk, JP was very accommodating. He actually called me on my cell when an earlier time opened up because we were seeing the "O" show that night.  Great guy!!! We overlooked the Bellagio dancing fountains, such a great sight!
3	THREE STARS, FOR A GREAT BAR NEGATIVE TWO, FOR DINNER SERVICE THAT BLEWHubby and I made reservations for our dinner here a day early. We drooled over the menu and called his parents for suggestions on what to eat.The following day was spent walking around Vegas, drinking, and eating! We unfortunately planned very poorly and had booked two other things this day: a late lunch and bar show at Kahunaville (prepaid on Groupon) and a naughty (X)Burlesque show to end the night . A 7:30 dinner was stuck right in between the two with not much room on either side. We arrived on time and were told to wait at the bar where we ordered a drink from Keith. We actually each ordered a bottle of Hell's Keep ($22.70) and he suggested we share the beer because the bottle was a little bigger than normal and we didn't have a long wait. Perfect - and yummy!With sadness we looked over our menus and realized we'd have to get something smaller than we planned since we'd eaten not long before and had to hustle a little for the 10 pm show (we were told to be there no later than 9).  We wanted to be upfront with our server and told him we would be ordering apps and dessert instead of complete entrees. Since we were at a window seat he said that we would probably have to move to another table near the bar. I understood, since seating is the nicest so they want to give it to the people spending the most, but the WAY he said it was not pleasant. Even though we were allowed to stay in the seats, his attitude the entire meal left a bad taste. What we ordered:Warm caesar salad ($16.00)Blue cheese souffle ($16.00)Creme Brulee ($12.00)We both agreed the salad was the best of the three. The dressing was fantastic. The souffle wasn't bad either but we found a much better creme brulee another night at Centercut in Flamingo.  Honestly, we really enjoyed the view and the water show from Bellagio, but when I'm spending $50 on an appetizer and dessert I'd like some class from the staff. We should have just moved to the bar area as soon as he first said it.
4	We got there about 15 minutes early. We were in a hurry because we had to go to see the show Zarkana and we were hoping to go upstairs to see the view from the top after dinner. Even though the restaurant was pretty empty because it was about 5 o'clock, we were still asked to wait until our reservation at 5:15, which was fine but annoying because it was empty. We got seated and the waitress came around and we were escorted to our seats, which overlooked the bellagio fountain. We were given our choice of bread, which was delicious and a sample of soup. That was nice too. When we were looking at the menu, there was something I had a question about. When I asked, she talked to me like I was a moron. Lady, I'm in pharmacy school NOT a 2 year old. That kind of annoyed me. Anyways we ordered our food and that was delicious. My friend got the veal medallions and I can't remember the name of what I got. they were both great though!  I felt like the man who was offering bread checked back with us about the food more often than the waitress did. Anyways we had told her in the beginning that we were pressed for time and we told her we didn't want dessert and requested the check. She brought over the check and told us to enjoy the show. We had about 20 minutes to spare before we would have to head over to the show and thought we would be able to make it to the roof top, BUT she didn't even come back after we waited around for 10 minutes. We asked the man that was serving the bread to get her and finally we could leave. Unfortunately it was too late and we couldn't go to the top. It was pretty annoying, if she knew we are pressed for time then she should have grabbed the checkbook from us right away. Bottom line: Food = excellent, waitstaff = ehh not my fave.
5	Came here for dinner on my first night in Vegas - what a treat!  We were seated right by the window and could watch the Bellagio fountain show throughout our meal.  It was a really cool view and the food/drinks were amazing.I had the braised short ribs - yum!  Bread was served while waiting via a guy walking around with a huge tray of a variety of breads.The drinks were to die for.  The pear vodka drink was so good that I tried to replicate it when I got back home.Service was impecable - they didn't rush you.  We stayed at our table for an after dinner drink which was very enjoyable.Awesome place...
5	You did it again! My wife and I had an amazing time here on our honeymoon.The staff were very attentive and friendly. We thoroughly enjoyed every item that was delivered to our table. I'm a scotch man, but I branched out and tried one of their cocktails. It was so good that I ordered the second one before the first one was even finished. We were offered a complimentary amuse bouche and at the end of our meal, a sorbet variety. Our favorite was the sour cream sorbet.This is by far the most romantic restaurant in Las Vegas. This place is worth the trip alone.
5	We felt like we were in Paris!!Had a window seat right in front of the strip overlooking the Bellagio Fountain show every 15 minutes :)Food was amazing!!Must try the chocolate souffle!!
5	When my wife dragged me there I already had an opinion about the place. We all do that sometimes. I thought that this would be some kind of plastic replica of an "original" just to provide the right dose of entrainment to its customers just like most of things in Vegas. And I was OK with that. I was wrong. This is the definition of good craftsmanship - almost art. And we tried a lot from their menu. We purchased their Cookbook after that. We asked for the table at the window - overlooking the fountain in front of Bellagio. The greeting girl calibrated us from heads to toe and decided "these folks are not spending more than twenty bucks". I am not a good body language reader and I was still able to get that. Not exactly a poker face. How did someone like her got a job in place like Vegas? We had to ask for a manager and fight for that table.Heavenly food is what earns them 5 stars.
3	I went to the eiffel tower restaurant for my birthday celebration.  we had window seating and had a great view of the strip and the bellagio show.  the staff is very friendly and helpful.the first course i had was the pea soup...never had it before...it was very good!  it was creamy, buttery and filled with awesomeness...from my entree i ordered the sea bass...it was ok....the fish was room temperature which makes me think it was left out a little before being served...the flavor was good, but had no wow factor that you would expect for the price you pay...my wife had the ny steak and i had a few bites...again good, but not anything to write home about...probably the same quality you would get at a cheesecake factory....for desert we had the chocolate and grand marnier souffles...these were very good...not as good as the one i had at paleo on the disney cruise, but very good...all in all, the ambiance was great, service was excellent and the food was good...for the price, i probably would not go back...a lot better places in Vegas to go to for fine dining
5	I held a corporate event here this week - cocktail reception.  I can only say the best of things - they pleasantly surpassed all expectations.  The Left Bank Room had a great view of the Strip and Bellagio fountains below, the management and staff was more than professional/helpful, they did not nickel and dime us as other Vegas venues do, and the food was delicious - great compliments from all attendees on the hors d'oeuvres.
4	The view of the Bellagio fountains was amazing. For the kind of money it cost, the should have been delicious and it most definitely was. This is a great place to take a visitor, even a special occasion, but there are so many nice restaurants I personally don't think I will go back to this one.
3	Food was great, chef sent a delightful sunchoke puree appetizer to our table before our meal. The view of the strip and the Bellagio fountain is perfect and the scaffolding of the Vegas Eiffel Tower slices throughout the restaurant. My one sad note is that the staff was only semi engaged in the whole French theme and although they were attentive, they were very stiff and devoid of personality.
2	We went here twice on a recent trip to Vegas. The first time was fantastic -- we were early for lunch, had a great view of the Bellagio fountains and the staff was attentive. We had excellent dishes. To my surprise and happiness, they had gluten free cheese poufs instead of a basket of bread. If I could have ordered an entire plate of those, I would!On account of the nice time we had there at lunch, we popped up there for dessert late on Tuesday night after a fairly disappointing night. We thought that dessert, drinks and the fountain would perk us back up and make a nice end to our trip. Big mistake. We were dressed for where we had originally planned to go, which meant nice jeans and sweaters. I wear semi-religious clothing and that's OBVIOUS when you look at me. Despite the fact that we did not meet their dress code, we were ushered into the elevator (unaware of the dress code, mind you. We are not regulars and it is not posted.) My partner was instantly pulled aside by the hostess and asked what his jacket size was, etc.I realize they are a nice restaurant and they want a particular reputation. Damn near ten at night on Tuesday, however, is maybe not the time to enforce it, especially as it was not posted, and the downstairs elevator staff did not warn us. I realize we are not swanky. We probably are not their desired clientele,  but given that we stated we just wanted drinks and dessert, they might have stuffed us in a corner and called it good enough? (For the record, we left -- a jacket over a sweater in a restaurant would have been misery.)Bottom line, they need to post their dress code. And if they insist men wear jackets, then they need to put jackets over girls that are wearing inappropriate outfits too. Otherwise they come across as a badly-disguised meat-market. And maybe, on a weekday night, that's exactly what they are?I'd still recommend this place for lunch, but I don't think I'll be back because of how badly they handled their own policy.
4	Oh my gosh. This place was good. BUT EXPENSIVE. I've never paid $18.00 for a 4 ounce cocktail. Golly. It was good but not enough. Service was good although our server could have tried to smile a little more. The bread was endless and being a sucker for bread, I probably ate more than I should have. We both had a salad which was actually a pretty decent size for the price. There was only one vegetarian entree on the menu (the crepe) and it was excellent. We had to go see a show and sadly didn't have time to wait for the souffle. We had the chocolate cake which definitely hit the spot. Our bill was just over $200 for a cocktail, a glass of wine, two salads, two entrees and one shared dessert. Absolutely worth the splurge. We didn't get to enjoy the view as we sat inside but it was for sure one of my favorite dining experiences in Vegas.
3	We treated ourselves to a meal at the Eiffel Tower Restaurant on our second night in Vegas. Arriving early for our reservation, we were seated at the bar, even though there were plenty of open tables. I don't have an issue with that, except that we had to pay for our drinks separately from the rest of the meal.The cocktail I had was amazing - something to do with strawberries and maple syrup and black pepper. It was perfectly balanced, taste wise, and super-strong. The blue cheese souffle starter was wonderful. Firmer than I usually expect from a souffle (I was disappointed that it didn't collapse) it came with a tasty salad and fantastic balsamic dressing. I could have licked the plate.Unfortunately the steak with Bearnaise sauce was a little dry and chewy - not what I expect for $56 - and so large that I was unable to finish it. Hubby had the venison chops, which he finished with relish. Thanks to the huge portions, I  skipped dessert altogether.The view is spectacular, but at $350 for a meal for 2, it's definitely best saved for a very special occasion.
2	You pay for the view. That said they are French so it is very rich and portions small. The service is fine but the cuts of beef are not. The price reflects a better cut like prime and not grizzle that is served for a NY. My replacement was filet again not soft or mouth watering though sauces are good.The lamb is butter, meaning good. Soup okay thought the Caesar sale just not the finest, a real dressing has eggs but some lemon is recommended to bring the flavor up. Do not drink the house bubbles as this wine will be felt  the next day. Wine list is amazing but more tha double retail.The deserts are a masterpiece and some ideas to ad it a raspberry sauce not on the menu. Coffe is French and all visuals great. Eat light and be happy. Cost about $75-100 a person.
5	Amazing food and wine with a great view!  We have stayed at Paris before and have dined at this restaurant before but I just have to comment on it. The place has a great wine list with a sommelier that is very good recommendations. We had the seafood appetizer and it is worth the money. Yes it is a bit pricey, but this is not McDonalds. My husband got a filet with a truffle sauce that was out of this world. We are planning to go back just to get this entree. My food was amazing as well, and I feel that you just can't go wrong here. We recommend it for a very special romantic dinner.
5	Best filet mignon ever. Everything about this restaurant was amazing: the ambiance, the service, the view, but most of all the delicious cuisine. It is not cheap, but you get what you pay for. This is the kind of place you propose to someone... So romantic, so perfect, so Paris!
5	I LOVE this place. My husband and I visit every month or so for an amazing evening on the strip. The foie gras is seared perfect and always a generous portion is served. Opt for the tasting menu with wine pairing. Also this is the BEST souffle I've ever had - share a chocolate and pistachio with your date for the perfect end to a perfect meal! Yum!
5	Phenomenal view of the Las Vegas Strip in the Spring. The lunch time service was spectacular. My husband and I spent our anniversary lunch there. We were stopped in the Paris Hotel casino floor near the base of the Eiffel Tower Restaurant by one of the greeters. She was so kind to give us a look at the menu and give us details as to what to expect. She took us on a tour of the restaurant. The server greeted us as we entered and left the lobby greeter, I must say it was the smoothest transition and hand off ever. The server seated us by the beautiful window view. I don't know how she knew but she took our pictures for our anniversary. I will say, the Bellagio Hotel is the biggest view and attraction for people eating in the Tower, however, the water fountain show doesn't play M-F until after 3pm so don't be shocked there's no water show but it is still a beautiful view.   She was more than gracious to explain to us the menu and selections. The food was Deliciono. The servers were all so prompt, professionals and informative while still polite. The entire experience was awesome. Great place to eat at if you want fine dinning and stellar service. The prices are seasonable and affordable.   I had a Salmon seared dish. Perfect!! My husband enjoyed a medium rare steak, Perfect!! A must eat location!!!!!!!!
1	Sent my sister and her husband there for his retirement.  The view was lovely but she had to send her caesar salad back because there was a large anchovy in her first bite.  Then her Pinot Salmon was fishy because it was over cooked.  Her husband's steak was under cook and had to be remade.  Once he got his food back it was perfect.  I am really sorry I choose this restaurant since it is something they will always remember.  To add insult to us they still charged me $55 for both the salad and salmon which my sister did not even eat.
5	Went here for Lunch during one of our random trip to Vegas. I seriously did not expect the food to be as good. You'd think that its a trap and that your only going to be paying for the SPECTACULAR view of the Bellagio fountains but we unfortunately were seated farther away from the fountains. :( despite my disappointment the food and the service more than made up for it. The chocolate souffle was to die for! Our waiter was prompt, polite and friendly and the wine pairings were on the spot delicious!All in all the place is beautiful and my fiance and I  definitely going back for dinner this June for our 8th anniversary. Its the PERFECT SPOT to celebrate and no other Restaurant will do. Hopefully we get window seats this time though, otherwise i think im just gonna cry. lol
5	My son and I dined at the Eiffel Tower last week. We arrived @ 1745 for a 1800 resv, made on line and were immediately seated. An early reservation allowed for a window table over looking the Bellagio water show.The sun was setting behind the Bellagio making it a perfect view for the water show. Our server ,John Figlietti, was a true professional. He was timely,observant,informative and personable. My son had the salmon, judging by his smile, left little doubt as to how satisfied he was. I had the NY strip which was a generous proportion and perfectly prepared, absolutely delicious. As the restaurant started to fill up @ 1900 we were ordering desert. We found the close proximity of the window tables to be a plus. It allowed for brief exchanges with our neighbors who were enjoying the views as well. The entire evening was a pleasure !
5	The view is unforgettable. The scallops are unbeatable.  Order the Banana Elysium for dessert, you'll never find more beautiful food.
4	Got reservation here for my family for a Saturday night. Arrived 20 minutes late and they had no issues. They sat us down within 5 minutes. Their food selection was pretty good. I had the steak. I was not that hungry so ate only half. Wished I could take home the rest, but I was staying at a hotel, so that was not an option. The view is pretty good if you are on the strip side. A bit pricey but that's what you get when you are in Vegas and want quality food. It's a bit of a trendy restuarant, so dressing nice is recommended. Good for taking out your date or if you are a tourist.
5	I brought my girlfriend here for our last night in Vegas and it exceeded both of our expectations. We got seated at a window facing the Bellagio fountains, the wait staff was attentive, the food excellent and the Soufle was out of this world.I had thought this was a typical Vegas gimmick restaurant and had ignored it until I read the reviews from Yelp and decided to try it. I am glad I did. I have found a new favorite place to eat when I have to go to Vegas. Thanks to the Yelpers who contributed!
4	Good food, but you are paying for the view of the Bellagio.  Go at night and try to get a table near the windows to watch the Bellagio fountains.
5	Took my mom here for mother's day this year, around 7:30pm.  We didn't mind not being at a direct window table, so we were seated at a very nice booth that still had an awesome view of the strip and the Bellagio fountains.  Mom had a great Singapore Sling (she hasn't ordered one of these in like 20 years), and  I had some ginger drink that was on their drink list - both tasty.  We just did dinner - she had salmon and I had filet - both were great (the filet was one of the best I had my whole time in Vegas and we ate at a lot of fancy places!).  If you are a dessert person, you really need to order the souffle - omg so tasty!  I had pistachio and mom had chocolate and both were amazing.  A bit pricy overall, but the view is outstanding and the food is terrific.
4	First, this is not a place for a quick good meal. This is an upscale restaurant that has a very nice upscale vib with great views of the the strip and the fountains at the Bellagio. I was amazed that even here, they allow the Vegas slob wear that is so prevalent in Las Vegas. We went here before a show and dressed accordingly for a nice upscale restaurant, and found that over half of the patrons were in slob wear. Certainly takes away from the experience. The service was impeccable, the food was very good, the view was great, the prices were extremely high, as is most of the nice restaurants in the Las Vegas area. For a dinner for two with two glasses of wine with tip was $250. There were several people using some type of dinner promotion here they were limited to a short menu and predetermined items, that was a lot cheaper, so this is one option to consider. We enjoyed our dinner as we were celebrating 40 years of marriage, but we would probably not go back due to the unrealistic pricing. This is by far the most expensive meal that we have ever had for the two of us.
5	Best $350 spent, went here for my birthday dinner while I was in town. On my walk thru the hotel up to boarding the elevator, i was full of excitement. Reservations were made prior so I couldn't wait to see the positioning of tables, just as requested there was a table for two amongst the best seats in the restruant  by the windows which provided beautiful views that overlooked the strip and the Bellagio Fountains. The waitstaff was very attentive and the food was delish, I tried the lamb for the night. Although, I've never been to Paris it gave me a small taste of what's to come when I travel there next summer. Will totally go again in the near future. The whole experience was definitely worth it.
5	Food was great. They know how to cook a steak! Great views of the Bellagio fountains. Exceptional service.
4	Went here with my boyfriend a few nights ago for our anniversary and my first thought was, "This place is so fancy!" They even have a dress code and views in this place were incredible! We had a reservation but was asked if we wanted to wait a few minutes for a window table, of course we said yes and headed to the bar. The nice bartender made us a couple of amazing (expensive) drinks and then our table was ready. Okay even though this place is super expensive I truly believe the view we had totally made up for it. Our table was right in front of the Bellagio water show! Super romantic and perfect for the occasion. The food was pretty good, had the pork belly appetizer and we both got the veal medallions. It was tasty but I was still kinda hungry after....  its fine dining so I expected high prices for small portions. The staff (hostesses, bartender, server, busser) were all wonderful. Overall this is a very good place to impress your date or for a special occasion but if you just want some really good french food on the strip I would say to go try Bouchon in Venetian.
5	Everything about the Eiffel Tower Restaurant screams high-end. You travel up a private, dedicated elevator 100-some feet above the strip to the restaurant. Upon entering the dining room (passing through some of the pristine food prep areas), I was struck by the LOOK of it all - the immaculate tables, all the customers dressed nicely, and of course, the view. Go at night, you'll be entertained by the Bellagio fountains all night. Both times I've been here, I was lucky enough to have been sat at the window and all night it was a treat.I can't say enough about the food and service here. This is a "fancy" restaurant and they don't disappoint. Everything I've tried there was fantastic. I had beef Wellington and it was superb, and they gave a very generous portion, and was made perfectly. One in our party did have an issue with the dish he had (it was cooked too much), but once we mentioned it to our server, the problem and food were fixed immediately. Service is excellent and get top marks. Call ahead for reservations.
3	For my birthday all I wanted to do was go to the Eiffel Tower Restaurant.  I bought a new dress and was very excited.  My boyfriend and I did a little gambling and day drinking before dinner and his stomach wasn't doing the best.  So we sit down to our table and the waiter was pompous.  He took our drink order, I got champagne and my boyfriend (not feeling the best) got water.  The waiter looked at him in shock and said, "you know you can order a drink, I didn't ask for I.D."  My jaw hit the freaking floor.  I couldn't believe what I was hearing.  First off, he is well above the drinking age and I.D. is irrelevant.  Second, he is a grown man and can order for himself.  Thirdly, what if he were an alcoholic and couldn't drink.  So right off the bat we start off on the wrong foot.  So our drinks come and a bus boy brings me a water that has a bug in it.  I call the waiter over and say, "I'm sorry, but there is a bug in my drink".  The waiter takes the glass and doesn't say a word, not a sorry, nothing.  Immediately he comes back with water.  Because of his attitude and the quickness that he brought the water back, I am assuming he didn't pour me a new glass but just flicked the bug out of the water.  I address this with the waiter and tell him that I want the check and I want to leave.  He calls the manager over and I tell her everything that has happened.  She offers to start over, but by that time my night was ruined.  I looked at her and said, if you guys can't get my water right, how can I trust you to get my meal right?!?.  So, now everything is booked for dinner for Memorial Day and we went to Benihanna's because they could take usUPDATE - A manager contacted me shortly after I wrote this review.  He not only made me feel better about the experience but went above and beyond to correct it.  That is customer service I can get behind.  Mistakes happen, and the staff truly represents the restaurant however one bad apple shouldn't spoil the bunch, especially when I see all the nice reviews of this restaurant
5	What a wonderful experience!!!My bf and I came for dinner to celebrate my birthday early. Mon Ami Gabi is my favorite restaurant in Vegas but I might have to change my mind! The Eiffel Tower was incredible. We didn't have a reservation but had no problem getting a table. It was so nice to find a place that actually sticks to it's dress code. I hate being the only patrons dressed appropriately in an upscale restaurant. We were seated close to the window so we could see the fountains. It's actually pretty brilliant the way the dining room is laid out so everyone can get some sort of view. Anyway, we started with the sea scallops which were divine! Cooked to perfection, melted in your mouth- but you are only paying for 2 so be aware. Our server made great recommendations. My bf had the halibut and could not stop raving about the flavor! I had the red snapper and it was brilliant! I wanted to order more! Unfortunately the portions are a bit small for my taste but that was to be expected.And now comes the best part of the meal....They have like 5 or 6 types of souffle! We opted for the pistachio souffle and I kid you not, IT WAS THE BEST THING I HAVE EVER PUT IN MY MOUTH!Yes, this place is pricey but worth every penny! The service was great, the food was wonderful and the view unmatched. I recommend going around sunset and watch the strip come to life!
3	Great view but the food is average and the service is ok.  If you can just go for a drink and eat somewhere else.
5	This place is great.  The smells, sounds, service, view, all combine for a perfect experience.  You very rarely eat at a place like this and feel full at the end, but I was.  The elevator opening almost right into the kitchen so you begin the experience with those great smells was a good touch
4	REVIEW JUST FOR COCKTAILS:I was in Vegas with my wife and another couple we know in November 2012, and we decided to grab cocktails at the Eiffel Tower Restaurant bar in the late afternoon.  While the cocktails were pricey, the view rocked as did the drinks.  The French Martini ($16)  was outstanding as was the Vesper ($18)and New Wave ($18).  Our server, Molly, did a great job.  I can't attest ot the food, but for a cocktail and a chill session, this place is great!
4	Spendy but the views are stunning, especially if you're lucky enough to get a table facing the Bellagio and it's spectacular fountain show.  The food was good but not worth the money by itself.  We loved the chocolate souffle and the creme broulee.Oh, men need to wear long pants.  We didn't know that and they let us borrow a pair.
5	Fine dining, rich and decadent food, gorgeous view... At its best!$40 champagne flutes, buttery potatoes, perfect filet mignon.The best seat at the house in the corner of the restaurant, Bellagio fountain, the busy strip full of lights, feeling you're on top of the world.As the elevator doors open, you have a view of the open faced kitchen, walk into the dim restaurant with a big bar to grab drinks while you wait. The whole experience was fantastic. Definitely a nice place for special occasions.
4	Yes, it is expensive. You are fine dining while perched eleven floors up overlooking the heart of Strip (including every lady's favorite: the Bellagio fountains). Get over it. I was a bit perturbed that you can only secure a widow table via a reservation that is at 5:30 or earlier, but luckily we got one nonetheless. And what a table! As far as a date night, you would be hard pressed to find a better table. The service was very attentive and personable, but I had a major hang-up here. Unless something is jumping out at me, I often rely on the server's opinion and suggestions. It always irks me when the server finds the most expensive option (or close to it) to recommend, and that is what happened here at every step. I realize that it just may be the case that the most expensive everything is the best, but I find it rather unlikely and have been to many 'o joints were this is not the case. The scallop appetizer was outstanding, as were the lamb chops. I did not care for either of the sides (mushroom spaetzle & potatoes gratin), but everything else was great. After reading on how many people harped on the price, I was pleasantly surprised with my visit here and would consider it again for a special night out.
1	Had an anniversary dinner planned and made reservations 3 weeks in advance to get a window seat. I got a call the night before my reservation saying it was cancelled. The lady on the phone said the restaurant was closed. She didn't even offer an apology or any real alternative (She said I could come in for lunch or brunch). She acted like I was the one cancelling the reservation. Horrible customer service and will never go here. Obviously they are only looking to make money and do not care about their customers.
3	My wife and I go to Vegas once a year and splurge on a nice dinner while there. We try not to repeat restaurants so we can try something new. The view of the fountains at Bellagio from the restaurant (about a dozen stories high) was the best part. The food tasted great, but you didn't get much at all and we're not big eaters to start. The cost was typical for a nice Vegas restaurant ($225 for a couple dinners and a pair of drinks). We also went to the Top of the World Restaurant which was the same price with 10x better food/view/service. If I had to go back to the Eiffel Tower Restaurant with another couple I would, but I certainly wouldn't go out of my way to go back.  Also, there is a viewing deck from the top of the Eiffel tower which we planned to check out while there. They make you leave the restaurant, go down to the first floor, buy a ticket for the elevator, wait 30 minutes and then go up the same elevator to the top. I thought for going to dinner and dropping $225  they would spare you from waiting in line and/or paying $10 more bucks for an elevator ride you have to take anyway! Good Luck, you're in Vegas so have fun!
3	I ate here awhile ago and for starters, the food was really amazing. This place is the go-to place in Vegas for a tasteful and rich night out. However, I did not like how most of that nights service was. I went with my best friend and our mothers. We are underage and are not legally to drink but allowed but our mothers wanted to order us a drink to have with our dinner. Our mothers told the waiter that they wished to do so and he did not allow it because it would cost him his job. TOTALLY UNDERSTAND! BUTTTT after he left our table he informed the whole restaurant crew and security and they watched us like HAWKS while we had our dinner. Very unprofessional and low-class for such a great restaurant. Props to the chef! but bad service.
5	My husband and I came here after we eloped back in November. I'm not sure if it was the high of just getting married (and the bottle of champagne we had before), but this place was PERFECT.We tried to eat at the steakhouse at The Cosmopolitan, but it was PACKED and the music was so loud we couldn't hear each other talk. So we went over to Paris and we didn't have to wait long. The service was awful. Pretentious (though not shocking) and stuck up. We wanted to sit by the window, but they said it was reserved. There were four empty table by the window, none of which filled up the whole time we were dining.Nonetheless, we didn't let it kill the mood. We ordered a delicious bottle of pinot noir (I forget which) and ordered the blue cheese souffle. It was AWESOME. So light, yet incredibly flavorful at the same time. Dinner: I had the NY Steak with cranberry/bone marrow sauce on top. Seriously the best steak I've ever eaten in my life. It may have been the best meal I've ever had in my life. It was juicy and flavorful, perfectly cooked. My husband had a filet mignon with foie gras w/truffle oil. He raved about his meal too (I thought mine was better though).All in all, the service got a dismal tip (my husband wrote a note on the receipt) but the meal was amazing and memorable!
1	My party was extremely disappointed and upset about our experience at dinner. We made reservations days before at 7:30, noted that it was my fathers birthday & arrived on time. Before we ordered we told the server in advance that we had a 9pm show. The server said that was fine and it wouldn't take that long. We put our orders in and talked amongst ourselves and snapped pictures while we waited. After waiting 1 hour and 20 mins my party and I were getting nervous about being late for our show. During this wait time we did not even get checked up on! My boyfriend finally got up and tried to cancel our order with the host, but she told him that she couldn't do that and we had to wait while she paged our waiter. So we waited another 10 mins. Our waiter never showed and a manager came over to charge us and say the beef Wellington took a long time to cook (waiter told us he had it in the oven with 5 others and was coming our fast) tsk tsk. By that point we didn't even want to argue and just wanted to catch our show. Everyone in our party then left and said they would meet us down by the casino.Then a waiters comes with 1 out of the five entrees I'm guessing in hopes to keep us, but I told him we already canceled our order and he didn't care and went away. Seriously can't you see we have an empty table (bf and I stayed back to pay for drinks) and that we are not at all happy, and again how is one entree out of five suppose to be ok??While leaving we noticed a few other couples tables canceling their orders and leaving also. We thought this was so weird because they had a lot of tables empty... But whatever. We were looking forward to this dinner for weeks and it is so disappointing that it ended this way especially since we went out of the way and told them that we had a show and asked if the dishes we ordered were ok with our time frame. So sad I won't ever be returning, but this horrible service was the worst!
4	A great spot for a romantic treat.  The views of the strip are spectacular if you can get seated along the windows, which we were.  Service was impeccable and very friendly - none of the stuffiness that fancy French places sometimes seem to think adds to the experience.  We were treated to a delicious little creamy corn soup amuse-bouche - ooh lala!  The wine was very good and a nice selection of by-the-glass choices.  We both had the petite filet, and both were excellent.  And we ordered the souffle, which was mouth-watering and timed perfectly to the end of the meal.  The only hiccup was a rather difficult-to-deal-with ceasar salad that we split.  The dressing was okay, but quite oily, and since the romaine was served in the "traditional" un-chopped style, it ended up just being a pain.  But overall we were really pleased with the meal and felt it was worth the (very large) bill.
3	The view is magnificent from here and the servers are really friendly and helpful. The food wasn't particularly great but it wasn't too bad.
5	Favorites were the amuse bouche and scallops
4	A grand entrance from the Paris Hotel casino, up a private elevator to the restaurant.  We stopped for a drink at the bar while they prepared a table for us by the window.  A window seat here is worth the wait, with views overlooking the Bellagio fountains that I really never get tired of watching. Service from our waiter was professional, but not warm nor inviting. Apps: Seared sea scallops were great. Forget what else was ordered.Entrees: Liked the Dover sole, loved the Beef Wellington, which was cooked perfectly and full of flavor.Dessert: Highly recommend trying a souffle...amazing.A nice, romantic restaurant that I would recommend trying.
3	Fantastic views of the Strip, especially of the Bellagio Fountains. The tables are set up to face the wrap around windows so there isn't really a bad view in the place. Food is average at best, decent presentation and not a bad meal, but certainly not memorable. The service was below average - extremely slow, rather cold and unfriendly (with the exception of the person that escorted us up to the restaurant from the ground floor) and they never checked in on us - not once. And it was off-lunch hours (i.e. 3 pm) so there were only a handful of people seated so we are not sure the reason for he hold up. Plenty of wait staff around - just not actually coming by the tables. We could hear other guests complaining as well - one couple was comped one meal and a free dessert as they were quite vocal in their disappointment with both food and service. We didn't bother to complain - we really enjoyed the views and were glad we had the experience. However, we would not likely return nor recommend it for more than a cocktail.
4	Spectacular  view. Food tasted good and was nicely presented.  However, I'm sure foodies will appreciate it more than I did.Staff was professional, wait staff was knowledgeable.Very Pricey!  Expect to end up paying $150 to $200 per person.
4	Great, great food.  Came here for our second night celebrating our anniversary in Vegas.  Food was amazing, service was even better.  We were seated by the windows overlooking the Bellagio Fountains.  This is such a great view.  If this view is offered, don't hesitate, you won't regret it!I ordered the escargot for my appetizer (delicious but I have had better elsewhere), and the lamb chops for my entree.  The lamb chops were cooked medium and literally melted in my mouth.  Awesome flavor and very well cooked.  My husband ordered the NY strip steak and he loved his steak also.  For dessert we were presented with a chocolate dessert from the chef with a happy anniversary message written on the plate.  It was a very nice gesture! We also ordered the grand marnier souffle, which was just plain good.  Overall:  The restaurant was a bit pricey, but we knew we were going to spend quite a bit of cash when it came to our anniversary dinner.  This was not a problem.  And in my opinion, with the beautiful view, delicious food and impeccable service, we decided it was money well spent.
5	Truly a five star experience. You get a view that can't be beat. A clear view of the Bellagio fountains. A dinner and a show!The service is impeccable. Our waiter Stefan was fantastic. He had a great sense of humor, always kept our water glasses full and extremely quick. We  hit a  few snags which he handled with extreme grace. This is the kind of service I expect at a nice restaurant. The food was great. Beautifully plated and oozing with tastiness. From the lobster salad to the duck to the dessert, everything exceeded expectations. It is very pricey so make sure you win big and treat yo self.
5	A five star restaurant!Make sure 2 bring your jacket - there's a dress code. The service was absolutely great! The food was just more then amazing -- I got the lamb it was just melting in my mouth!!! I strongly recxommend this restaurant especially if u have some anniversary or bday. Make sure you reserve a table, they r busy on some Friday and Saturday nights and u wont get a window table with an awesome view of the Bellagio fountains. Its a great place to go relax, have some great food and feel special!
5	First of all, I liked the service! Their staff was so nice and friendly. Our waiter was so funny, I liked his sense of humor!!!  He really maid our evning!!! Unfortunatly, I don't remmeber his name :(  The main cours was ok! But the dessert "Crea- brulee" was amasing! I feel that this is good place for family dinner! And also the view is beutiful!
5	Came here for our three anniversary. Great service and even better food. The view is spectacular!
5	All the hype about this restaurant is true.  The views leave you speechless.  The waiter and all staff very pleasant and on their toes.  Food was excellent at lunch.  Take someone there for lunch and they will be very impressed.  Only negative is that there were some guests that were truly dressed inappropriately in way too short jean shorts.  Looked tacky in such a nice setting.
4	Made reservations for sunset and were seated along the window overlooking the fountains. Perfection! We had the tasting menu with a pairing and thought it was very good. Great wines, too. Service is impeccable. Highly recommend for a special occasion. * dress code didn't seem to be enforced too much. Quite the variety.
3	5 stars for the service.5 stars for the ambiance.5 stars for the location.Unfortunately the food wasn't that great, each dish could have used a little more flavors.
3	The service and views are amazing and worth the price of the meals, HOWEVER, if you're visiting from a city or town that has a decent culinary presence you probably won't be overly impressed.  We come from Wine Country with San Francisco less than an hour north.  San Diego and Los Angeles are a couple of places we like to frequent down South and up North, Portland and Seattle are our stomping grounds. The food was "good for Las Vegas," but not outstanding when you're already accustomed to eating some of the best food in the world.  The hollandaise sauce on the green beans was so lemony that it overpowered the dish and made it too bitter to eat.  The au gratin potatoes were surprisingly bland.   There are only so many buffets and chains that you can eat at, so this was a nice reprieve but overall you could grab tickets to the elevator in the eiffel tower to take in the fantastic view and save yourself more than a few bucks.  Glad I went but most likely won't be back.
4	I am tore between a 3 and half star and a 4 but I rounded up.The view was incredible but I rather just upgrade my room for the the same view. Food was ok and not the best steak I have had but decent.Expensive- but you are on the strip and you are paying for the view
3	We ate here for a nice dinner when we were in Vegas. The food was ok... nice atmosphere but nothing special really. My duck was a little greasy. The drinks on the other hand are amazing! Now we just go up there for a drink. My favorite is the one with champagne and fresh fruit! Expensive thought! $22! But worth it.. just not having more then 1!
4	Very nice atmosphere.  The server is not very attentive but i think that it is good in a way since, I would like to apend time enjoying the atmosphere and the nice view of the Bellagio's fountain.  I ordered a cream of corn soup, which is really good.  Got the duck breast as the main entry and that didn't disappoint me either.  Overall, great atmosphere and great food for fine dining.
5	While visiting Paris I noticed that the Eiffel tower restaurant offered some very tempting food and desserts. After getting my group together we realised a couple of us did not fit the dress code. No problem they have pants and jacket available. So after a quick change we were having cocktail by a table near the window. From time to time you can see the water and lights show across the street at Bellagio. The service here is superb. I ordered the beef wellington. It took about half an hour which we knew but it was well worth the wait. It was absolutely delicious. For dessert I ordered the Grand Marnier Souffle. This too took some time but it was incredible. Next time I'm in Vegas I will be dining here again.
5	I've had special team business dinners here the past two years at our conference. Both times the service was amazing, and the food is to die for. Plus, this restaurant really does have one of the best views on the strip.  It is expensive, of course, but if you are going to splurge on somewhere expensive, choose here!
1	Monday night. Service overall was 1 star. The host at the elevator was friendly. The rest of the staff was neutral to unfriendly, specially the receptionist. Water service and bread service came once, Bread was not stale but cold, (four varieties though). Waiter came twice. Appetizer came promptly but food took 50 minutes. Fish looked slightly over done. The overall experience costing well over $250 was by far bellow par.
5	Had lunch here a few weeks ago as an anniversary gift for my parents. It was our first experience here, and what an experience it was!I made reservations which I quickly realized wasn't necessary when we got there, the place was mostly empty on a Thursday. Unless you are a VIP, lol, only 2-person tables are up against the windows. For larger parties you have to sit more towards the middle of the restaurant. The view isn't bad though, just not as good. But what a view, we even stayed long enough to see the Fountains at Bellagio show. Our server was extremely friendly and helpful to us. We began lunch with the Cheese Fondue with Poached Egg. This was so delicious!! We regularly have fondue, but have never tried it with an egg. Note: The bread that comes with the fondue was oily/buttery so if you don't want that make sure to ask. They give you a small cup of soup to start off the meal. I can't recall what it was but it was definitely tasty. They also served us various breads as we awaited our entree. The one I remember most had tons of peppercorns on it, so obviously a little spicy, not my favorite.I was treating a few others besides my parents and at a place like this sometimes you let your wallet choose your entree. So sadly I went with the Burger. The Burger was fine but not the best on the menu. They will look at you weird if you ask for traditional/american mustard too. What can I say, I don't like that french dijon stuff. My mom was raving about the Sea Food Salad she got!! She told me to make sure and recommend this in my review, lol. We had a few mimosas to go along with our meal. Not the best I've had, and definitely on the strong side. I think its great OJ that makes a great mimosa not pouring heavily on the champagne, but you won't catch me complaining to much there.We decided to skip dessert, but as a gesture they brought my parents out a small dessert plate with candies and chocolates on the side for the rest of us. They looked very happy to eat it!Overall a great experience along with quite possibly the best view of the strip from any restaurant around. Food and service is top notch.They aren't affiliated with the rewards card used by The Paris Hotel, so sadly you can't collect any rewards points here :(:(:(
2	We would have given this a much higher rating, had we not had a problem with one dish, but more on that later.  The restaurant had a beautiful view of the strip, and a wonderful waitstaff.  The food was very good, although pricey and we did feel that for those prices we've had better food in other restaurants.  But what really put a damper on an otherwise lovely evening was when my son bit down on a bone in what was supposed to be a boneless dish of rabbit.  The waitstaff was quick to send over a manager to check on him and take his information should he have needed to have anything done, but the damage was already done.  He had such pain in his tooth and jaw that he left the restaurant early to go back up to the room, which just ruined the meal for the rest of us.
5	Our waiter was wonderful. Make sure you ask for the Bellagio fountain view! I had the filet mignon with parsley garlic butter and it was just cooked so perfectly and very flavorful. The lobster salad didn't wow me too much though. Very romantic atmosphere and great menu selections.
5	So this review is a tad late, but still holds true I'm sure. The meal I had here was hands down one of the best, if not maybe even the best (or maybe I'm just saying this cause I can't afford to eat like this anymore since I moved to Europe) meal I've ever had. You can't get foie gras in California anymore, so of course I had to go with the legit tournedo rossini, which was pretty much, and I don't know if I've ever used this word in a review, probably not on Yelp at any rate, orgasmic. Yes, orgasmic people, I said it. It was melt in your mouth, and the textures and the flavors, me oh my. The foie gras was velvety and a great contrast to the tenderness of the filet. I don't think I even used a knife, didn't have to, I kind of just sliced through with my fork because it was like butter.I also splurged, cause I like to go big on vacation and this was one of my last meals in the states, on the raw seafood platter. Yes it will break the bank, but again, so fresh and so clean. The lobster tail, crab legs, oysters and mussels, basically tasted like they had just been caught and brought to your table in under an hour, which we all know in the middle of the desert, wouldn't be possible, but my taste buds enjoyed thinking that it was. Very pricey, but you know what they say in Vegas (well other than the thing about blackmail fodder staying there, cause with facebook I think they had to scrap that particular ad campaign) go big or go home!
1	We had to wait 10-15 minutes to be seated when seats seemed plentiful we were provided  an excellent table though. Server strongly suggested we have a BLT or hamburger which we were not interested in and ordered steaks as we wished along with a Cadillac margarita but received a standard version. Now the real issue was two- fold the server obviously lost track of our order as our plates were cleared after our salad and table crumbed and then a host/manager came over and asked how was everything and we let him know we had not even eaten yet as it seems our table was mixed up with the one next to us, perhaps? Waiter never came by and checked on us and offered no apology when we informed him we never received our lunch as he also was asking if we wanted dessert as well. We finally received our meals and although ordered medium rare for both we both received raw, very raw and pretty poor quality steaks. I sent mine back but my wife was going to deal with hers until she  decided she could no  longer so she just left it. Got a re-fire,again with no apology. I do not like to complain but I felt I had to look for a manager and after seeking one out because our waiter was missing of course we in the end did receive a visit from Sharon  who was very helpful and understanding and we were able to show her the raw steak which she agreed was raw. Sharon was outstanding and apologetic and took care of the check as well as offering up dessert (Creme Brulee which was excellent) She did ask that we go through her for a reservation next time we are in town and she assured good results. With that said after this experience and the quality of the steak I just can't see going here for dinner and expecting high quality food or service so we will most likely pass. This was an extremely dissatisfying experience and surely the most disappointing one in a high end type place. The lunch took about an hour and 40 minutes filled with errors. 20th anniversary lunch what a mess.
5	My first Yelp review, and long overdue!Me and my now fiance had a spectacular dinner here on 8/20/2013 to celebrate our engagement.  I arranged a special dinner & evening out with the Restaurant Supervisor Lyle Tolhurst and Restaurant Director of Special Events Annie Kang-Drachen.  They came thru for us big-time!I didn't actually utilize their "proposal package" per se, as I had already popped the question a little over an hour beforehand during a rather elaborate day of events... but Annie did arrange for several elements of their proposal package to be included with our dinner "package".  [customized menus printed, flowers for the table, pictures, tour to top of the tower and the 2 hour limo tour after dinner]As far as the food: We started with a caviar course and enjoyed a bottle of Dom.  We did the full tasting menu with wine pairings for dinner and ended with a couple of souffle's.  I did the chocolate souffle and my bride-to-be the pistachio souffle. EVERYTHING we ate was spectacular!!!!!  I am not a fish fan, but the halibut that came as one of the courses in the tasting menu really was a to-die-for dish! Service:  We were treated like a king & queen!  I couldn't have asked for anything better.. all of the restaurant personnel, from the waiters to the photographer were first class.View & Atmosphere:  We were seated at the special corner table you see in all the pics.  It was special.. It was awesome!  Gripes: I really only have one.. and that is the markup for the champagne was atrocious by even Vegas standards.  But with that being said.. would I pay it again there? YUP!  Excluding the price of the champagne ($510 for 2002 bottle of Dom), I found there to be wonderful value to the rest of the meal.  I don't mind paying for service and quality.. and that is exactly what we got!!!!  I really can't recommend this restaurant enough.. especially if you are celebrating something special.  My fiance and I have actually decided to go back to Vegas to get married.. and we are going to be including the Eiffel Tower Restaurant in our wedding plans!
5	I received a Lettuce Entertain You gift card and had been planning to use it here and I was surprised by how many people tried to talk me out of it and into dining at Mon Ami Gabi.  I stuck to my plan because a souffle from the Eiffel Tower Restaurant was on my bucket list and I had been waiting a LONG time to try this food!We had a 7:30 reservation and arrived a little early.  They seated us at 7:30 and as we walked across the restaurant I was a little worried that we were going to the back, but no, we were seated in a great window table for two with a view of the Bellagio Fountains.  The view was awesome.  Good thing because we were there for some time!  This is somewhere you come for a long luxurious meal, if you are in a hurry, you might consider McDonalds.Our server and busser were friendly and professional, with the busser a little more attentive than the server.  Our server was knowledgeable about the menu and helped me make my decisions.  I was torn between the baked herb crepes, the moroccan chicken and the arctic char and our server suggested the arctic char very highly.  I'm not a huge fan of cooked fish, but I decided to step outside of my comfort zone and I'm glad I did!  My arctic char was cooked rare, which I liked and was served ona bed of roasted beets and some pistachio crumbs.  The only thing that would have made it more delicious would have been if the pistachios were a little heavier.  I barely tasted them.My husband had the roasted chicken with Moroccan spices and apricots with quinoa pilaf and I tasted that, too and it was DELICIOUS.  I would totally order that - the flavors are fresh and bursting with tangy-ness.  We were happy with the drink selections as they serve Stone beers and they had my favorite champagne, Nicolas Feuillatte Brut.You can select what type of bread you want from a tray with a small selection of different types of breads carried by the busser.  I had a baguette and then another piece of softer white bread, and he brought big pats of butter.For dessert, I finally got to have my Chef Joho souffle, but I wasn't prepared for so many choices!  I was tempted to go with pistachio, but I ended up selecting Grand Marnier for my souffle flavor and it was delicious.  The souffle itself was soft and pillowy and the sauce made it sweet and custardy on the inside.  It was heaven and even though I've checked this off my to do list, I have to go back for more.  It's that good.I am now accepting gift cards if you would like to help a poor girl return to a fancy restaurant.  We actually did pretty good and our meal was only $130 + tip.  I could see how you could spend much, much more, but we left satisfied and happy.
5	To synopsize:   This is five star- but not 100% perfection (I have yet to find that anywhere).  Food was a 9/10, view was a 10/10, service was a 9/10, location was 10/10, drinks (Fall in Paris or something) was an 11/10, and I had a great time.  Portions were not as small as in fancy restaurants and for the price ($300 for two with two cocktails, two appetizers, and two entrees), the experience cannot be beat in Las Vegas.  Ask for a seat overlooking the fountain, it was seriously breathtaking!
4	Food: pretty common, nothing over the top but all in all very decent. American versions of French food. Everything was cooked well, tasted great, but no imagination and as I've read in other reviews it is in fact fairly pedestrian. I'd give the food a 2.5-3 stars. For the prices, the food is entirely average. Experience: That said you go to this restaurant because of the amazing views of the Las Vegas strip. It is truly out of this world. You have a full view of all the lights of Vegas and  directly overlook the Bellagio fountain show which is quite frankly incredible!!  The service was good/great and the drinks were delicious. The price tag is high but in my opinion that's to be expected in Vegas especially with a view like this... It's the best view in Vegas which makes up for the caliber of food.I will go back. Overall
4	We had an early dinner before an early show, and enjoyed a window seat with views of the Bellagio fountain.  Dinner was very good, with a nice selection on the menu.  Our party of 4 had filet mignon, duck, lamb and fish and all dishes were enjoyed.  I would definitely recommend this restaurant.
1	Called to make a reservation, was put on hold for 5 mins then the woman who picked up asked me what time I was looking for, was rude and spoke over me when I was asking for a reservation for a certain time then told me to hold again. That pretty much ruined my experience.
5	This Eiffel Tower has everything you would want in a romantic dinner in Vegas! When you take the elevator up you are greeted upon exit just in view of the tone setting, fast paced kitchen. As the host immediately guides you in dinning room you receive an eyeful of the beautiful Bellagio waters! The view is amazing from anywhere in the house! Along with the view the food is just as satisfying! The tomato soup is a great start! Steaks are this restaurants know specialty but the Halibut with bacon is as delicious. With special packages available for all occasions, The Eiffel Tower restaurant is one of the most exciting and romantic ways to start a night out on the town in Vegas!
5	Ugh, I left a Review and took Pictures at this place and some how YELP has lost it or something did work the way it was supposed to but....This place is amazing, Love the view, The food and the service. I had the entire dish in the I Phone Review now it is gone and the servers name ...UGH, Disappointing and the view.I definitely love this place and recommend it highly.
4	Called on Tuesday for a special occasion on Friday. Briefly explained to reservation-taker that I was surprising my husband for lunch on his 50th birthday and would like a table with an excellent view. When we arrived, we were greeted by name (?) even though we'd never been there before, and since we were a few minutes early were asked to wait. Other couples came in, each celebrating something: birthdays and engagements. I was concerned that my husband's birthday would be just another ho hum event and that we'd be left in the dust. But no.Service was stellar. Lunch menu was varied and food was tasty. Portion sizes were perfect: not the usual Vegas-strip-enormous sized plates but servings we could actually finish. We ordered two desserts to share which I completely recommend: creme brulee and apple streudel with cinnamon ice cream, (both ridiculously delish) and afterwards, the waiter brought out a lovely chocolate mousse on a white plate which had written in chocolate "Happy Birthday."  Couldn't have asked for a lovelier lunch in all of Las Vegas.One thing you need to know if you're going at lunch time is that the Bellaggio Fountains don't start until 3 pm on weekdays so you won't see that. Totally not the restaurant's fault! But you might want to know so you can reserve at dinnertime if you'd prefer.
4	I had he slow roasted fillet of pacific salmon w pinot noir sauce.  It was fantabulous!  I enjoyed this restaurant as it had beautiful views of the Bellagio fountain displays.
5	Great meal carpaccio was delicious, steak was cooked perfectly and juicy and duck two ways was superb. One of the best creme brule desserts and you can not beat the view it is a lovely dining experience. It is expensive, but food and service are worth it.
1	If there would be  - 5 rating allowed, that what Eiffel Tower would get from me!!    I attempted to celebrate my b-day there with my family this August.. I did not wanted to go there, since we had a not so great experience in Eiffel Tower a couple of years ago, but my husband insisted that we give this restaurant another chance. Well.. The whole dinner was nothing but a huge disappointment! Food mediocre at best, service none existent. By the end of the diner I just started to cry ( I was so much hopping for special b-day). Next time we will go to Andre's (excellent real French restaurant,) or Joe Robuchon
5	This is the five star restaurant that I will  base all my ratings from now on. I will not be giving out many 5 star ratings because there can be very few equals to this experience. Make reservations in advance and ask to be sat at the windows facing the Bellagio. This restaurant is about 6 floor up from street level so that you will have an amazing view of the fountains as they show every 20 minutes. The food and service exceeds the view. You feel well taken care of from the minute you check in for the private elevator, through the reception desk and to your seat. The food had us moaning much like Meg Ryan in "When Harry met Sally". Kale salad, Lobster Bisque, Filet Mignon, NY Strip steak. Pre dinner complimentary cold cream of celery soup and post dinner complimentary petite fours. Served impeccably by an attentive but not intrusive staff. Men must wear a jacket  and collared shirt if you don't have one they will loan you one. Be prepared to drop $250 minimum and more likely $300 plus for 2 people. It is worth it..
5	The rack of lamb was great!  Also, the view from where we were sitting was breathtaking! The Bellagio fountains, the Bellagio sign just everything...it was my anniversary and I'm so happy that we went to this place.  The staff were attentive to every need. ;-)
1	My husband and I went to Vegas for his 30th birthday and decided to treat ourselves to a fancy dinner. What better place for that than the Eiffel Tower? We made a reservation around sunset thinking it would be extra romantic. We got there on time (5:15pm) and were seated shortly thereafter. Our server was nice but not super friendly but the hostess was very rude and, for a lack of better words, snobby. We were given a window seat which we were happy with but the tables are small and extremely close together so your elbows bump with your neighbor when using utensils which is silly considering that we are both fairly small people. We both ordered a steak; I the New York and my husband the filet, both $59 a piece. I ordered mine medium which arrived VERY well done and my husband ordered his medium-rare which came out medium-well. Only one side of each steak was seasoned and both contained far too much fat for the cuts. The entrees do not include any sides so we shared an order of potatoes Gratin which had no flavor and the consistency if mayonnaise. There was zero opportunity to express our disappointment with our meal since our waiter seemed to disappear after the food was delivered to the table. All in all, the meal wasn't terrible but it was far from what I would have expected from one of the nicest restaurants in the area.
5	First things first, this place is pricey! So if you are looking to only spend $40 on two people, stop right now! You're in the wrong town for that, this is Las Vegas.This place is amazing! You definitely have to make reservations, but it's worth it! The food is heavenly! I went here with my girlfriend (her first real time in vegas, so I had to make sure her first dinner here was memorable!) and we both loved the food! I had the Beef Wellington with mashed potatoes, and she had the Salmon with mashed potatoes. Both dishes were perfect! The souffles were absolutely amazing and are highly recommended!Most of all, the service and atmosphere is extraordinary! You get to see the Bellagio water fountain from your seat, and the service is amazing! It's like they are always there to fill your drink. Hell, they clean your table with a knife! Who the hell does that? Well, these guys do and you definitely feel super human when you eat here!By the way, in case you're wondering how much a typical meal for two would be here...i'd say on average it'd be $150. In my opinion, worth every penny!
5	Absolutely PHENOMINAL! We celebrated our Anniversary there last night before seeing the Beatles LOVE. Beginning to end was fabulous. The service was OUTSTANDING and our Captain was maybe the best I have ever seen. When we return to Vegas....the Eiffel Tower we will definitely dine at again
5	I'm never disappointed when I come here. My family and I always squeeze in a visit every time we go to Vegas. The service is always excellent. FOODMy favorite is the rack of lamb. It is superb. It is seasoned perfectly and it melts in your mouth. I always struggle with going with the usual lamb or choosing another equally great dish.You can never go wrong with the surf and turf. You get to enjoy the best of both worlds by eating steak and lobster in one meal.The seafood platter is our usual choice for an appetizer. I like it because there's no smell of seafood and their variety of sauces are perfect.MUST try the souffle. I tried their chocolate, caramel, and strawberry flavors. I love it because it's always picture perfect, has the right amount of fluff, and is not too sweet.
3	What I loved most about this place is the table we were seated at. It was the corner table with a beautiful view of the strip and we were entertained by the Bellagio's water show while lunching. I ordered something that was intriguing at the time but don't remember loving it as much. I ate it, but for me, it was the African spices that they put on the meat that I didn't like so much. I was more in love with being at the top of the world than the food I ordered. What was more sweet was that we were having a kid-free weekend in Vegas, just my husband and I, rekindling like we were dating all over again. Sigh...
5	Great service, with a fantastic view and ambiance. The lobster salad was perfect. Every ingredient complimented the dish very well. It was certainly tantalizing to our taste buds. We also had the duck and beef Wellington plate, as well as green beans and potato croquette for our sides which were all extremely well prepared as well. Jon Paul took very good care of us. He was personable, attentive, and good at anticipating needs in advance. He also gave us a complimentary anniversary dessert that was nice and a very good ending to our meal. This was my third visit here, and they never cease to impress. I am a Vegas local, so I'm sure I will be making another trip soon.
1	My wife and I decided to treat our selfs after winning at the tables. I have to say this was no treat. This place is morbidly overpriced, The food is average at best. Service was pretentious at times and comical at other time. There are restaurants that I have been to that were expansive, how ever those have warrented the price tag. This place was a joke. The only reason I am giving an extra star is because we both had a good lough. I just remembered it was not a lough it was a lough upside down. I am reading all these great reviews of this glorified haute cuisine wanna be, and I am puzzled. Sooooo many places in Vegas that truly serve fantastic food with great service. This one is not it.
2	Our 24 th anniversery was some what a disappointment! I made reservations over month in advance for front table! For two I then canceled and made it for four I was told there were not tables that would accomendate four in front window Lie! Only to get there and see a nice front table for four. We were seated in a back table could hardly see the water falls in front! We also noticed we were never offered photo other at table or in front windows as others were! My father brought 2 bottles of his favorite winery in napa $75.00 for corkage fee! Per bottle! Not ever! My father bought 3 glasses of wine at near 20.00 per drop Ha! Our bill was near 500.00 for four. Save your money we won't be going back!
2	I have been here quite a few times but today was BS! (Below standards) normally they have phenomenal service but our waiter seemed distraught and it took a good 25 minutes just to place our order. The food was ok not as good as it used to be and the bread was as hard as a rock and when we asked for some fresh ones they refused saying that there only allowed 2 per person.Also every time we asked our waiter for something it took forever we would have to remind him multiple times before he actually brought it! All in all this place isn't worth the price.
4	well worth it! great views!
5	I have to admit that I was ready for cheese, and not the classy fromage, French kind of way. However, there was nothing in the least bit tacky or cheesy about the Eiffel Tower Restaurant.The elevator ride to the restaurant builds anticipation and a pristine, gorgeous open kitchen done up in white and copper greets you as you step off the elevator. Delicious smells and pastries on display hint at a delectable meal to come.The atmosphere is perfect-moody reds and low lighting with spectacular views of the strip. Making a 5pm reservation guarantees a table near the windows, and the view of the Bellagio Fountains doing their choreographed dance was a reward for eating on the senior schedule (Though the 5pm timing did work perfectly in that it allowed for us to make Le Rev at 7pm at the Wynn without breaking a sweat). Seeing the fountains from above, in my opinion, was even more impressive as one could perceive the pattern of their movement in a different way.The service was also stellar. Our waiter was attentive and present without being distracting or overbearing. He asked immediately if we had time constraints and worked to get us out with plenty of time, offering the souffle up front to ensure it was ready on time (I imagine they do this across the board, but I was psyched that he asked because I would have otherwise).And the food....Oh, the food! I typically do not eat much bread (Nutritionist, endurance events, blah blah), but the baguette was well worth the splurge. It was just the right amount of sweet, was perfectly soft and yet flaky all at once. I'm not sure I've had better bread in France! The hubby, who is typically even more nutrition conscious than I am, had two slices!I had the New York Steak and would have eaten every last bite, were I not saving room for dessert. It was the most perfect medium-well I've ever had, and the truffle sauce made it all the more delicious. I also sampled the crispy potatoes and the brussels sprouts. We joked that the potatoes we "tots for grownups" as they had a perfectly crispy shell but were the consistency of mashed potatoes inside. We may or may not have fought over the last one.The brussels sprouts, while not gaining points for health due to the fact that they are sauteed and served with bacon, were magically delicious. The souffle was also perfect. We went with pistachio, which is certainly an unconventional choice, but it was remarkable. The nutty flavor of the pistachio balanced out the sweetness of the souffle. The Eiffel Tower Restaurant is certainly a slice of la bonne vie.One item to note: If you're male, make sure you're wearing a collared shirt. I had a great time picking on my husband who elected to wear a swanky sweater without a collared shirt and was asked to borrow a jacket to wear.
2	Just came back from dinner there tonight.  First of all, it was very expensive and I think that although it was a gorgeous setting, the restaurant's atmosphere just did not come together.  Honestly, it was kind of tacky.  There are sooo many wonderful restaurants in Las Vegas, with great atmosphere.  This place is not one of them.  And I hated the Christmas music.  Really??  Ugh.....  I will say the food was very good, but very overpriced.  Wish I had gone to the restaurant right below it.......
2	Absolutely over overpriced. Food is OK  to decent. CaN'T BE a chef in the kitchen just a lot of cooks is what my taste buds tell me. Quality of meats fish etc is top so you are safe with a steak. However, there is no special touch added to these dishes. Place is not set up to give individual attention before being seated. They have a system that requires a queue check in. Not exactly first class The elevator leaves you in the kitchen. Young women at reception are full of themselves and not very welcoming. I sent back a soup that was supposed to be lobster based. Medium sized bowl was $18; soup was light not tasty and had never been near a lobster. Wine prices are ridiculous, even for LV. A lowly Broully goes for $70+. That's about a 500% markup. The $75 corkage charge guarantees you will pay mucho if you must have wine. This place reminds me fondly of The Jules Verne restaurant in the real Eiffel Tour in Paris. It now has 2 Michelin Stars allowing it to charge high prices. However, the food and service are impeccable at about twice the price of the LV Eiffel. The view of the Seine and Chaillot Palace are stunning. You can see the Bellagio fountains for free at street level or even stay at Bellagio for less than your tab at this Eiffel. Oh: Lest I forget. The service has always been professional here. Why am I not surprised that Michelin has stopped rating Las Vegas restaurants. Walking through the now tacky Paris Hotel is not a great appetizer either.
1	Terrible management staff, horrible food many other places you can get a better steak like at the homestead at Caesars, $75 corkage fee outrageous! Save your money go elsewhere. I would not recommend to anyone
5	I have now eaten here twice and both times my experience was fantastic!!To start: if you come here, be prepared to spend a good chunk of money... especially if you plan to have any wine.  I think the prices on the wine list is what really made me want to run out backwards, but the quality of wine is absolutely fantastic!!  Not sure if the wine we had was really worth the $120 a bottle, but it's one of those special occasion/once in a lifetime meals.  And the wine was phenomenal and didn't give me a headache the next day :)The food is absolutely amazing!! Get anything on the menu.  It doesn't matter.  It will knock you off your feet!  I love the amuse-bouche that is included with your meal.  The service was impeccable, as was to be expected.  I liked the pace the wait staff made the dinner flow: not too fast, not too slow.Make sure to get the chocolate souffle!! You will thank me later.  I've only had chocolate souffle a few times before and this was by far the best desert I've ever had... EVER!  They serve the souffle with a side of chocolate sauce that gets poured into the middle of the souffle.  The souffle drank up the sauce like a sponge!Lastly, make sure you get a seat by the window.  The Bellagio fountain goes off every 15 minutes and provides a fantastic backdrop for a fantastic meal.So, overall... make this a special occasion night (if you have any money left when you're in Vegas) and enjoy!
5	Went here for our wedding anniversary. Everything was superb! Service was excellent. They treated us with the best treatment possible and made sure we had everything we needed.very attentive, and helpful. The quality of the food was five star quality. I had the filet mignon crusted with lemon garlic herb butter. Hubby had the lamb. Succulent melt in ur mouth flavor. Be warned, this place is very $$$$ but well worth it.and the view! The view the view the view!!! Excellent!
4	There really couldn't have been a better 'moment of truth' than when the elevator opened up to an immaculate kitchen with the brigade prepping, firing, and plating all the decedent entrees. This set the tone for the dining experience.Unfortunately I wasn't here to have dinner. I had just met up with my former casino professor turned good friend, and we were thirsty. We sat at the bar in a way where we could overlook the LV Boulevard and the Bellagio fountains. As many of the other reviews state, the view is exceptional. A perfect date spot with that special someone. However, we were here to get lit. He started with some gin martini, I went for the manhattan on the rocks. At $20 a pop it doesn't come cheap, but if you were to imagine the perfect manhattan, this would surely be it. After a couple drinks each we were feeling all warm and fuzzy.We ordered the French cheese board and crab salad to hold us over. The cheeses were phenomenal! I don't recall exactly what cheeses they were, but they covered a broad spectrum of cheeses. From bold and pungent, to creamy and luscious. The bartender also supplied us with plenty of extra crostinis to accompany our cheeses. We also had the crab salad. The crab was so sweet and wrapped in thinly sliced cucumbers, and surrounded by a small bed of greens. Definitely not filling at all, but a nice treat.Overall a good experience. Pricey, but worth it. Bon appetit!
5	Thank you so much for making my mother's birthday celebration something she will never forget.  This was my first time at this restaurant, I made my reservation on OpenTable and asked for a table by the window since it was my Mom's first time in Vegas and I wanted to do something nice for her. I honestly thought that my comments would have never been read but they were.  The hostess greeted both of us and told my Mom Happy Birthday.  She was shocked that they knew.Not only did you get us a table by the window, but we had the corner window.  My mother is from Ohio and I live in California.  When she told me that she wanted to see the Bellagio fountains I thought this this would be the best place.The service was amazing, I wish I remembered our waitresses name. The food was outstanding.  I had the lamb and my mother had the veal. The wine selection was fantastic. They brought my mom a beautiful birthday desert as well.I can't say thank you enough to the Eiffel Tower restaurant for making this dinner something that my Mom would never forget.  She was so impressed with everything!  Again can't  say thank you enough.  This is something that my Mother and I will never forget.  Now I need to bring my husband there. I will be back!
5	Never have I ever tasted such exquisite entrees before. The butternut squash veal was so tender that it melts in your mouth like butter. The view of the Bellagio fountain shows was breathtaking. Service was amazing, as well, as the waiters make you feel comfortable and make sure you have everything you need. Highly recommend this place.
1	This has to be the worst overpriced restaurant on the strip. The service is horrible the food is okay; nothing impressive. The restaurant stinks I believe is overdue for a remodeling. When you first come in you are welcomed by the kitchen. I can't believe this is the best setup they could come up with
5	top notch in every way.  food, service,  view, pricing.
4	Great food, incredible view, excellent service. What more could you ask for. We've done the prix fix many times and just ordering off the regular menu is great too. Can't go wrong for a special occasion dinner here.
2	The environment is great: great view, beautiful restaurant, good tasting food. The char broiled fillet would have been a 10 if it wasn't so burnt on the outside. They could have left it sitting in some of it's juices for 56 dollars.For the amount I paid for the fillet, chicken, and side of potatoes ($128 including tip), I expected better service from my waiter. His description of the fillet when I asked about how it comes, "It's literally a piece of meat on a plate", didn't sound very appetizing. When he asked if I wanted a side of potatoes, he never even told me how they would come. (They ended up being potatoes au gratin) Again, the fillet was burnt on the outside which didn't make me too happy.For that kind of money, I want excellent service.
5	Great view, food, and service. My GF and I went here to celebrate my return home from deployment. Wonderful experience!
1	Totally bad service,  and bad food!!!  The waiter totally doesnt care if we are satisfied with the food or not,  all whole dishes of vension on the table we didnt eat,  the waiter just took away our dishes without asking if there anything wrong with it and just walked away.  This place is worse than many other restaurants!  And i wouldnt come back again,  ever!!
4	Came here for my bday and did the vegetarian tasting menu. Beautiful view and ambience. Love that they OFFER vegetarian tasting menus, table behind us was also inquiring, vegetarians are foodies too! Service was on point.  With tasting menus timing and dish descriptions are imperative,  both were there. Not the 5th star because the food didnt have me begging for more.Im a stickler for table maintenance and the busser did a great job. Restaurants of this caliber stand out because of attention to detail. Only detail missed were un polished plates. Didnt ruin my meal or anything, but finger prints and marks were glowing under the lighting of our table.If you've never been its worth checking out!
5	Beautiful decor with metal structure of the tower throughout the dining area.  Elevator to the restaurant has you walk past the kitchen to the upstairs host stand.  I have eaten here twice now, once for dinner many years ago and this time for lunch.  Both times the price is obviously steap but for the ambiance, atmosphere, food quality and service provided it is definitely worth every penny!  Would definitely recommend as a place to dine and overlook the Bellagio fountains!
4	What a great view this restaurant has! I was there for a Valentines day dinner,pretty pricey, I remember it was around $400 for two ppl , but how cared about money with such a great atmosphere? Love the place , love the service,not the best food i had though. If you are looking for a romantic type of place , you are in the right spot! I will post a picture here!
1	Tried to go back for our 6 year anniversary with a party of 18 and its:$125 MINIMUM PER PERSON8.1 tax (completely understandable)20% service charge (what)$500 deposit!!!!!!! (-_-)Are you kidding me. I enjoyed the experience last time. Will never go back again.
5	Take the elevator up to one of the greatest restaurants in all of Vegas.  You are thinking that a restaurant inside the replica Eiffel Tower outside the Paris Casino would be a bit tacky....and it kinda is.  But, the food is the best you will find.  The view from the restaurant is one of the best you will find.  TIP ALERT!  In order to increase your chances of seating for the best views go as a party of two.  They have a ton of 2 party seating tables near the window where you will have the best views of the Bellagio Fountains. /END TIP ALERTNow onto the food. Nice selection of steaks and seafood.  This restaurant is classic French...not American and French fusion BS....but French.  I don't know what some of the other reviewers are smoking, but this is class French.  They have an appetizer of various seafood in a bucket that could feed about 4....so if you want an appetizer for your party of 4 then grab it.  OR...if you have a party of 5 and one of those 5 would have anaphylactic shock from eating seafood...then get it and feed the 4 and inform the 5th person that they need to be a man and get over their allergy.  Mainly because they are missing out on some expertly prepared seafood.  Shrimp can be prepared in many horrible ways.  Tough or mushy are the usual consequences of this horrible preparation.  Tender is what you are looking for...and these shrimp were the best.  Also, try the snapper.  I am not lying when I say it was perhaps the best fish I have ever had.  The waiter was very helpful as well with suggesting a sauce that covered the fish.  It was more like a broth, but was poured over the top. The broth/sauce had the taste of the ocean....but crystal clear ocean....not BP oil spill tainted ocean.Dessert.....holy crap.  This is where the restaurant really shines.  I tried the Napoleon.  Get the raspberry...it tastes better and is somehow more romantic than the pear.  It contains a icy bit of sorbet as well that is amazing.  Just give me a bucket of that sorbet!  Another member of our party had the creme brule.  Expertly prepared.  Rich, creamy, and classy.  Honestly....3 people with 3 desserts and appetizer was below $250.  Not too bad really compared to other high-end restaurants.  I really thought this restaurant would be a mistake tourist trap waiting to happen but I was pleasantly surprised.My suggestions:1) Go as a party of two. You and your girl, or guy, or whatever....go as a party of two. Ask for a window seat to see the fountain as you eat.2) If you have a bigger party then grab the bucket of seafood appetizer.3) Get the snapper or the beef wellington.  Those were amazing.4) Put on a blindfold and pick a dessert by throwing a dart at the menu.  You cannot go wrong with anything.5) Leave your preconceived notions of tackiness and tourist-trappedness behind.  This is the real deal.
2	This was our third time dining at the Eiffel Tower Restaurant, and the food was wonderful as always.  The view is spectacular, especially if you have a window seat as we have all three times. Our waiter was very nice and quite helpful with menu suggestions.  The evening would have been wonderful once again except that as the server was clearing our dinner plates he unfortunately spilled what was left of my wife's glass of wine on her dress.  He was very nice helping clean things up and explained to our waiter what had happened, but did nothing more than fill her glass with what was left in the bottle. When you pay $400 for a dinner, you would expect at least a replacement pour or a complimentary dessert, but we were offered nothing.
2	Lets just say this place is lucky they have a view to use as a selling point.  The servers are non-attentive and extremely scripted versus being genuine, if they even speak English.  I would goto STK over this place all day long.  Get a room with a view and order room service, you will be happier and probably save a buck.
3	There was a lot of hype around dining at this Vegas strip restaurant.  Our reservation was for a late dinner at 10:30.  We were seated at a window seat facing the strip and found the view to be cool, but very cramped and I'm a small gal.  Not much elbow room between each table.  The wait staff made us feel very rushed and seemed put out when we asked for a 2nd piece of bread.  The filet I ordered didn't have much flavor and was just marginal compared to other restaurants in Vegas.  All in all the experience was ok, just not outstanding in my opinion.
4	This place is a must when visiting Vegas.It's a very romantic resturant and all the tables have views of the Vegas skyline.I do recommend going at night. The food was very good.It is a bit pricey, but worth the experience.
4	This restaurant is up in the Eifel Tower at Paris Casino which offers one of the best views of the heart of the Las Vegas strip. It over looks the famous Bellagio water show. If you're taking a date request one of the tables against the window so you have front row seats to the water show while you eat. The food very good, I had the filet mignon. Wine selection is excellent.
3	So I know it seems silly to give this place three stars after a delicious meal but I'm pretty disappointed. I was primarily looking forward to a fabulous view but what I saw instead were the iron support beams littering the restaurant. What a truly lackluster experience. The only tables with a great view were the ones directly in front of the windows.
5	My wife and I went there to celebrate her birthday and wow!  Everything was perfect from the window table view of the sunset, Bellagio fountains, lights of the strip... the service, appetizers, main course, and dessert... even the drinks were amazing!  I had the filet mignon and my wife had the beef wellington... both were cooked exactly as ordered and delivered hot.  If you don't mind dropping a few hundred on dinner for 2, this is the place, but make sure you make your reservations early enough to get a sunset seating by the window.
5	Best food I have ever had with the best view of Las Vegas!
5	This is one of our favorite spots on the strip to have lunch and see a magnificent view of the Bellagio Fountains.  Perched upon the 12th floor or so the swank restaurant and full bar offer pent house style atmosphere.Prices are upscale with most lunch entrees ranging from $16 to $36.  We sampled the following items:Lamb Burger: a thick 1/2 pound crazy juicy mouthful of wonderfulness! Using Moroccan spices red peppers, onions and yellow squash this burger was one to remember.  Potato chips were served on the side $18.Eiffel Tower Burger a classic well cooked yummy burger also served with potato chips.  The burger was good but not in the same class as the lamb burger $16Mushroom Pasta: fresh spaghetti noodles with a light sauce and mushrooms. Great flavor and just the right size portion $18French Cream of Onion Soup; creamy onion soup, I prefer the original version $6Lunch was also served with a Celery root puree which was a delicious bite and the some of the best baguettes ever!Since we were there to celebrate my daughters birthday she was presented with a beautiful chocolate mousse along with milk chocolates and jelly candies.Service was outstanding and although the prices were high it was well a great dining experience.  I highly recommend coming for lunch.Note: The Bellagio Fountains start at 12 or 1pm on the weekends.
1	Had 9:00 PM reservation...finally was seated at 10:30 PM. Food was mediocre at best. Dinner for 2... $500.00. Not worth the money. The view of the fountains was the only thing favorably memorable about this resturant.
2	From 1 being horrible and 5 being awesome:Food - 4Service - 4Price - 1Scenery/View - 5I only gave it a 2 because it was outrageously over priced.  The quality of food was good, but not something I would write home about.  You're paying for the ambience and view here, not for the food.
5	WONDERFUL EXPERIENCE!  I dined here for brunch for the first time and it was a true standout experience and one of the best memories I'll keep with me after this weekend. FOOD: I am not a huge fan of French Cuisine but this was good.  Great quality food and easy for anyone to eat if they aren't familiar with French food.  SERVICE:  FANTASTIC. Our server was very respectful and the server assistant was very attentive and respectful to give us our space when we wanted it.  I think she read my lips one time when I said I needed more coffee because before I could turn my head to get someone's attention she came with the coffee and said  "I'm here!" I was so impressed!  From the host stand, to the servers, and back to the host stand, I had the best customer service in Vegas at The Eiffel Tower Restaurant.AMBIANCE: It was the perfect balance of comfort and class.  I loved the windows and the decor. VIEW: INCREDIBLE. I was able to get a panoramic view of the Bellagio water show but also an unobstructed view of the strip.  With the decor and the views that it offers, it is a new MUST-DO destination on EVERY Vegas trip in the future.  I will be coming to the Eiffel Tower Restaurant every time I visit now and am now open to staying at the hotel.  I haven't had dinner there but I definitely will next time!  I'm a raving fan!
2	My husband made this a Valentine's Day surprise for me.  Made 7:00 reservations and arrived at 6:40 to make sure we were punctual on what is always a busy restaurant night.  He read that this was one of the top romantic places in Vegas.  Imagine his surprise when we  arrive at a what can be best described as a madhouse.  People being herded in a line that took 20 minutes to get through.   After the crazy line, were asked to give our cell so they could text us when our table is ready. Very personal touch... Went to the bar to get a drink and wait and were TOTALLY IGNORED by three bartenders running around like chickens with their heads cut off. Romantic ambiance?  The elevator opened to, I am not kidding, the bustling, freaking kitchen!? How is that for  romantic?  As we entered the line, we passed an entirely too loud band playing what sounded like music appropriate only for a gin joint in the forties.  I kept expecting to see the lounge singer start stripping.  A romantic song was played once or twice, and I assume the loudness was to drown out the noise of the hundreds of people here.  We were acually seated at 7:30.  The most pleasant experince was the food, which was very good, but our "waiter" barely had four interactions with us.  When you pay almost 500 dollars for a meal, you expect great food served in an impeccable manner.   This place failed miserably to deliver the service aspect.  I felt SO bad for my husband,  because he kept apologizing for the choice to come here.  It's always the thought that counts and I was blown away only by his romantic gesture.  Only his wonderful company made the evening special. This place was almost a total waste of his money and for that I recommend that others not do the same.  For a better romantic and intimate experience,  I suggest Picasso ( where we went last year).  Really great food and truly top-notch service. Only the food makes this a two star review.
1	Got married on Valentines Day and booked an 8:30 dinner at the Eiffel Tower. It was a major disaster. Would never go back even if it were free. They don't care about anything except making a dollar. I paid $450 for a lousy meal for two that was 90 minutes late in seating. They should lose their license for breaking the fire code and allowing too many people into their facility to wait at the bar or in line for well over an hour past the reservation time. I say if you were there and younger than 30, tell everyone it's an old school place to avoid!
2	We went to this restaurant for Valentine's dinner with a group of friends.  First of all, the line to get in/check into the restaurant was huge and it was extremely hard to move around the reception area.  The girls who worked at the check-in station looked very stressed and overwhelmed.  It took us another 30 minutes to get to our table after we have arrived. The menu for Valentine's was pre-set which was a huge disappointment because it was not special at all and at $165 per person it was simply ridiculous. The food was very random. Service was not good either, food came very late, people didn't get their orders at the same time and it took 5 attempts until we finally were allowed to get some bread which came with attitude when someone asked for an extra piece.  Bottom line, all 10 of us were very disappointed with the whole experience and it was not at all what one would expect at $600 per couple (with wine/drinks that's what it came out to).  Can't recommend it and we are not coming back there for sure.
4	Highly recommended for a romantic dinner.Great food and good service. Prices aren't that bad for Vegas standards.I had the shrimp cocktail and the steak salad. Both pretty solid dishes.Kids salmon is also pretty good.The strudel and coffee are awesome!Cheers
5	Best steak of my life! I'm not kidding! This place is fantastic- I don't even know where to begin. I didn't think the greens beans would be one of the most memorable parts of my dish. I think it caught me off guard how amazing green beans could taste. The steak is out of this world- it cuts like butter. And there isn't a better way to end your meal than with sticky toffee pudding!
1	We had a pre set dinner price of $300.00 plus for Valentines Day. I had One glass of wine $18.00, our total bill was greater than $400. Our wait time was over an hour with reservations. 2 courses were so overdone they could not be eaten. We told the server who said he would talk to the chef. A different server brought the next course. No one came to check or ask how our meal was. The location of the table overlooked a wall, even with reservations. We contacted Sharon the manager upon return home who offered us another visit to the facility which is unattainable for us as we live across the country. We reached out again to see if she could accommodate us in another way and never got a response. I would never recommended this restaurant to anyone.I have eaten at many five star restaurants this is the worst experience I have ever had at one.
4	Food was superb. Got to watch the water show from the Bellagio while eating. I gave four stars because the waiters/waitresses were kinda snobby but they knew their stuff.
3	My mother and I had the prefix dinner menu before the Jersey Boys. For our first course my mother had the kale salad and I had the french onion soup. The kale salad had just the right amount of dressing and was delicious. However the onion soup had a hair in it and I pointed it out to the waiter as soon as he dropped it off he apoligized and brought me another soup which was ok but hard to enjoy after there was a hair... For our second course I had the flank steak which was just ok and my mother had the salmon which she really enjoyed. We both loved our desserts. We both had a few cocktails and they were all very good.   all the choices on the strip I dont think I will come back due to having a hair in my soup and not having anything taken off the final bill....  I worked in the restaurant industry and if there is a hair in your food a manager comes to the table!
4	Went there on Valentine's day, and they have a special menu for that day. Food n drinks were really good except the desert. Great customer service. Reasonable price.
5	One of the best luncheon spots I've been to. Great customer service & delicious meals. It's pretty expensive but the taste matches the price. I thought it was higher than 2 floors though & all the way at the top of the Eiffel Tower but it isn't. Still a great experience
5	This is where my boyfriend spoiled me to a tasting menu dinner for my 30th birthday last night. Amazing ambience, attentive, sweet & knowledgable waitress, decadent amazing food, wines perfectly paired and one of my favorite parts-a window seat overlooking one of my favorite Vegas sights, the beautiful Bellagio fountains. I was spellbound & delighted by the entire experience. Extremely romantic & special. A couple even got engaged in the adjacent corner, it was that kind of perfect venue for it :) Neither of us will ever forget this meal and experience.
2	Ok I guess I'm on the outs here, but I really wasn't impressed. Sure it looked nice inside and the bathrooms even had a sit down area for u to sit and do makeup. The main thing is the food and service-not the best. First they say we can't take you-not cool, Then someone else goes oh wait we can. Then they take us up elevator-cool. We ask to sit near the fountains overview-didn't happen and they weren't busy at all. I've had 100% better French Onion Soup at a non-French regular old diner joint than here. The French onion soup was creamy like a broc cheese/onion soup and no cheese/bread/or real onion just a thick puree. Secondly, service took forever and after 30 min of waiting for our meals when they weren't even busy at like 2:00pm they told us they were out of steak. So my fiance's mom had to pick something else when she thought we would be getting our meal by then. The blt was good but for the price no way! Only difference was they put avocado on their blt-big whoop and you can get blt's anywhere. I was expecting more exotic French foods. Not overpriced American food and crappy French version of French soup.
5	I loved my experience here. The food was spectacular and the service was amazing. My husband and I celebrated our 3 year anniversary here. We called to make a reservation. They even have the options to have roses (extra cost) put on the table upon arrival. They seated us by the window and we had the perfect view of the water show at the bellagio, which began as soon as we were seated. My experience here was absoutely wonderful.
3	The view was stunning from our window seat and the Bellagio fountains were stunning, but that was the highlight of the night, not the food.The main of filet mignon with foie gras was average. The steak was cooked perfectly but it was full of sinew and had no marbalisation. The steak I had at Wolfgang for $48 apposed to $79 here was far better. They did redeem themselves with solid desserts. I really felt the prices were really outrageous and did not justify the quality.Food 6/10 service 8/10 decor 7.5/10
3	This was my second visit and as always the ambiance here is upscale and romantic.  A good vantage point of Vegas and if you're in the right spot you get a marvelous view of the Bellagio fountains.  However, unless only 2 people are dining, the vantage point is mediocre for the fountains.Dinner was delicious.  We only ordered entrees as we had to run to a show.Beef Wellington:  Takes approximately 30 minutes but was worth it.  Very delicious at medium rare but make sure to ask for the sauce on the side as it can be a bit overwhelming.  Roasted Chicken was delish.  It's a large portion and the veggies were cooked just right.Salmon and the duck were also very good.Sides:  Classic Au Gratin was dry. Creamed corn was not good.  It was like a creamy polenta and I hate polenta.  Blah!!Creamed spinach and mushrooms were a hit for the entire table!!The downer for this restaurant is the service.  Most of the wait staff looks confused and or rushed.  A large table next to us definitely wanted to have a good time and celebrate however, the waiter was clueless.  Our waitress was not friendly and was very curt and short with us.  A real shame for such a beautiful restaurant with good food.I have to say that I truly enjoyed the food here however, based upon the experience with the waitstaff, the Eiffel Tower Restaurant will not be at the top of my list for a nice dinner out.  There are too many other options in Vegas that have great food and great service.
4	I always love coming to the Eiffel Tower Resturant. Have to take an elevator to the resturant from the casino which opens up to the kitchen then around the corner to open resturant overlooking the strip. Food is very good and the wine is what you would expect from a French resturant. Great for romance or business.
5	Holy CRAPOLA!Ate here again on April 17, 2014.  The food was just as good if not better....but damn the service was impeccable.  I would drink some of my tea and would think to myself...."hmmm...I think I need more tea" and a guy would be there with another bottle before I even ask for it.  I would think to myself "hmmm.....it would be nice for a little taste compliments of the chef" and whamo...right in front of me.  I have no idea what it was that they gave me...some infused something or other...but it was amazing...and free....and compliments of the chef.Then we were prepared to order dinner.  I had the snapper before so I didn't want to get that again...although it was amazing.  I wanted to expand and try something new.  I saw Arctic Char on the menu.  Strange name....Arctic = Cold and Char = Hot.  I have no idea what type of fish this will be....and once again the waiter says "you probably are not familiar with Arctic Char....it  tastes a little like a trout and salmon mixed together."  Well I be damned if it didn't taste exactly like a trout and salmon mixed together.  It was great.  The chef even seared the skin to make it crispy...which is extremely hard to do without drying out the fish.Then dessert time.  I ordered the creme brule and my fiance ordered some banana thing.  She asked me if it would be good...and I just said "come on...stop asking stupid questions...of course it will unless you are allergic to bananas."  We inquired about the gelato briefly with the waiter and he told me the gelato is great.  I still wanted my creme brule and she wanted the banana...so gelato will have to wait I guess.Guess what!?  They send us out this big painter's pallete dish full of one scoop gelato flavors...about 10 of them or so...as a compliment for visiting the restaurant again!  Awesome right?  I am not a high-roller by any stretch of the imagination, and the restaurant is not affiliated with Caesar's entertainment.  I imagine they rent or have purchased the space in the Eiffel Tower.  What they do is they make great food and have great service.  I will say they have the greatest service...and that is a FACTUAL statement.  I have visited other fine dining restaurants in Vegas and elsewhere and they cannot hold a candle to this place.  They treat you as though you are the only customer...but they do not treat you as a customer.  They treat you as a friend that appreciates great food and they know how to deliver.  Without a doubt this is the place I will always visit when in Vegas.
5	I don't know where to start! My girlfriend and I were in Vegas attending the Electric Daisy Carnival which coincided with our 2 year anniversary. Immediately we started looking for the finest restaurants Las Vegas Boulevard had to offer. We tossed around ideas, and drew up a list. The Eiffel Tower restaurant had  fantastic price point that didn't degrade service or quality. Of course we dressed up for the occasion, however I did note that some patrons where wearing beach shorts and t-shirts. Not really the kind of ambiance I'd like when spending around $400 including tip. But alas I dined like royalty and enjoyed my stay. I started off with the Heirloom Tomato, California Burrata, Balsamic Aspic, Basil, Extra Virgin Olive Oil salad. It was beyond words and more than just a salad. The flavors that my palate were introduced to were unbelievable. My lovely girlfriend went with the Warm Maine Lobster, White Wine Braised Baby Leeks, Mustard Vinaigrette  that was sublime. Tender, succulent and bursting with flavor. A Light size portion that is more about taste and saving room for the next course. For my entree I went with the Char Broiled Filet Mignon, Rossini Style, Foie Gras, Truffle Sauce. One of the best meals I've ever had the privilege to enjoy. Definitely worth the $79 it was priced at. Ill include a picture of this wonderful bit of paradise. I was hesitant to try foie gras but my curiosity was rewarded with an delicacy  that is no longer available in Los Angeles. It was cooked to perfection and looked as immaculate as it was delectable. My girlfriend had the Prime Aged Bone-In Ribeye, Caramelized Onions and added the black truffle sauce that complimented it exquisitely. A magnificent slab of meat suitable for a king or queen in this case. Bought some cocktails that seemed overpriced but the craftsmanship put into concocting them is well worth the steep price. The servers go out the way to make you feel comfortable, and for the time that you are there like you were as important as the president. Never did I feel hovered over or stared at as if I didn't belong. My visit was a little less than a year ago and to this day 4/23/2014 I am still raving about it. We are going back to EDC Las Vegas this year and are struggling to find another restaurant to match the Eiffel Tower Restaurant. And the killer view of the fountains and strip is more romantic than can be described. Definitely a meal that will stand out for a long time. Adieu!
5	I booked the 5pm dinner so my newly wed husband and I could get a window seat and watch the fountains. The only upsetting moment I had, was realizing the day was too windy and the fountains would not go off. We put that behind us as we ordered our cocktails. Let me tell you the Eiffel Affair is to die for! Fresh fruit in the bottom of my glass just soaked up the liquor. Yum! I ordered the scallops...delightful. The highlife was ordering the veal medallions. So glad I ordered that, they were so moist. My husband ordered the aged NY steak mid rare. Looked superb. I also ordered a customized cake (very lovely) months ago and I chose to get the picture. Very glad, everything went well and was a great experience.
4	Great view, drinks are pricey at the upstairs bar there.
3	We don't get the hype.  Really.  We have some experience with fine dining and it did not blow us out of the water.  Maybe our expectations were high because it was recommended.  Maybe we're getting snobby.  Who knows?!  Yeah, the service was good, the food good, the view nice, but for $400 for 2 (with tip)--- you expect that at the very least.  But to end on a positive note, my highlight was the foie gras on my filet mignon and my hubby loved his chocolate souffle.
1	After posting my review I was contacted and reimbursed for the dinner portion of our visit.
1	We didn't eat here. We waited a sec for a table in the rapidly emptying restaurant at 10:00 and they stuck us in a corner. Why pay for a view that you won't see? We left and went down to Mon Ami Gabi instead.
4	This restaurant has mixed reviews and it seems tied to how much people have paid.  We come here for brunches/lunches where the price point is not that high though there is an inherent pressure to have a drink.  Our favorite has been the french toast in a quiet place with good views and overall pleasant staff.
5	Had table overlooking fountains. Food was outstanding, as  expected. Had the Arctic Chard and is was just the right texture. Great service too.
3	Food is ok, the view is amazing. You pay a high price for the view because there are much better restaurants as far as food goes.  Atmosphere is ok, waiters are not very friendly. The souffle was great!
5	Yes! Came here for my Birthday during our trip to Vegas this year. My girlfriend made reservations in advance, made sure I got the best seat in the house complimented by red roses which she bought from the restaurant (very nice touch). We were seated at a half-moon table overlooking the Bellagio fountains. The service was top notch. I enjoyed my salmon a lot. My girlfriend liked her steak although it wasn't her absolute favorite. The green beans were average. What blew me away was the desert. Because it was my birthday they brought me complimentary mouse, which was delicious. We had also ordered a white chocolate banana elysee, which came out to be a work of culinary art. Amazing thin circles of white chocolate layered with fresh bananas and a torched sugar arc. Just amazing. Highly recommend this experience and can not wait to go back.
3	Can't beat the view. However, though they have offer many various High end foods. The quality doesn't seem match the price. The service is great, the food is beautiful. But if the price matches the taste? I had better. Will not come back unless there is a special occasion and requested by anyone. Otherwise, it is not a must list.
5	I wanted to find a nice, romantic place for anniversary dinner with my wife and oh my goodness did I find the right one.  From beginning to end dinner at the Eiffel Tower Restaurant was perfect.It starts with the private elevator from the hotel floor up to the elevated restaurant part way up the replica Eiffel Tower at the Paris hotel.  The elevator doors open up to a great view of the working kitchen and a friendly hostess there to guide us over to check-in.  The view is the first thing you notice as the walls are all windows and overlook the strip and particularly the Bellagio lake / water show.  Particularly for couples, all of the two person tables are right up next to the windows with amazing views.  The layout and settings are all beautiful and classy French steakhouse style.  The service, from beginning to end, was great as well.The big surprise, for me at least, was that the food was amazing too!  I expected good food amplified by the setting and view, but the food was good enough to stand alone and even justify the hefty prices (at least along the strip).  I had the NY steak, which was one of the best steaks I  have had in a long time including some of the best steakhouses here in Los Angeles, and my wife had the Turbotin (fish) which she raved about as well.  Side dishes, souffle dessert, and wine/drink selections were all great as well.Bottom line, if you want to splurge and have a really great dinner in a beautiful setting, this is the best place on the strip to do it.
4	The view from the restaurant is amazing. The service was pretty good, but the food was on another level. A very good restaurant for someone who wants to explore
4	Came here for dinner with my wife for our first anniversary. I ordered the char-broiled Filet Mignon, Rossini Style. Regrettably I ordered it medium (old precaution from other restaurants), but it was still excellent. It was very tender and tasted excellent. My wife was also very pleased with what she had ordered.Overall it was a very good meal and a wonderful romantic atmosphere.
2	We'll all I can say is that I was really looking forward to this place which only lead to a colossal disappointment.  Dinner for two was 320 bucks.  Beef Wellington and filet mignon.  Sure it was good but truth be told, if it was 150 bucks and I had no expectations, I would give it four stars.  It tasted fine and the experience was fine. For 320 bucks, nobody wants "Fine" therefore I give it only two stars.Food. - 3 (Ruth's Chris is way better and half as much)Service - 5Price - 0 Atmosphere - 3 (loud for such a pricey place)View - 5 ... Sit on the glass facing west if you can, you'll see the bellagio water show
5	Service A+View A+Food AI was very impressed with the Eiffel Tower Restaurant experience we enjoyed last night.From the moment you enter the elevator to the middle of the faux Eiffel Tower you are treated like princes and princesses.  The staff is very friendly and helpful and our waitress was fantastic. She was very knowledgeable about the menu, honest in her recommendations and did her best to meet some of our more food restrictive diners.Our table had an excellent view of the Bellagio Fountains which made every 15 minutes a treat.We started with a fennel parfait compliments of the chef.  For an appetizer we shared a seafood treasure chest of lobster, crab leg, oysters, shrimp and a seafood salad.  For an appetizer, a single order of the seafood appetizer will be enough for two to share.For dinner I enjoyed the beef wellington, light and flaky with an earthy mushroom flavor and beautifully cooked so it cut like butter and melted in your mouth.We also tried the Rabbit which was surprisingly tasty, flaky but moist.The crab salad was also well presented.The restaurant was able to accomodate the special requests for a picky eater in our company who has several allergies.  When they couldn't, they were quick to inform her of the reason and other options.I have to say I was very disappointed in the kids menu.  Although reasonably priced and with crayons and a kids coloring menu, the options were pasta with butter or marinara, grilled cheese and chicken.  I mean this is a beautiful, top food restaurant and you can't get more creative on your kids menu?  So many restaurants sell the kids tastes short but I would have gladly paid an extra couple of dollars for her to be able to add shrimp or chicken to her pasta, or have a fish option.Other than the kids menu, it was a fantastic dining experience.NOTE: This is one of those places where you pay more for the location and view so the prices will be high.  It is also one of those places where it is worth the price.NOTE 2: Although I was there with my family, this would be a very romantic date spot.
1	The 1 star is a review for our lunch on Friday, June 13, 2014. Went here for lunch with a friend! I only have one complaint-- our server, Rafael A.! Rafael was very unprofessional, unfriendly, and boring!  We always say "Thank you" and not even a single word of "You're welcome" is mentioned! He did not even bother to ask us how our lunch/food was. He just ignored us the entire time ! Anyway, the view is breathtaking ,Food is great, and other staff were nice!Last time I went here was on my birthday dinner with my boyfriend! Everything went great! It was wonderful, especially when my boyfriend surprised me with dozen of roses and one whole cake made by their executive chef! Oh  and our server, John was awesome---- way better than that boring, incompetent, Rafael!
5	Visited the Eiffel Tower restaurant over the weekend for our 1st year anniversary. Very romantic restaurant overlooking the strip. Our view was the fountain at Bellagio.  Food is delicious and customer service is beyond outstanding!
5	Great french food and the somelier will give you perfect advice for the best pairing within your budget and tastes.
4	The food here was very good, I wouldn't say it knocked my socks off, but very good.The service was excellent, very attentive staff kept our drinks filled and frequently checked in on us.As others have noted, you're paying for the views of Vegas strip mostly.  I think the experience is worth the price.  But don't order drinks. $20 for a cocktail is away over the top, when you could put that $20 in slot machine downstairs and get free drinks.
4	Food was good but not necessarily what I consider over-the-top as their prices reflect. Definitely paying for the view which is pretty awesome. Biggest complaint we had is that there is a dress code for men and that doesn't seem to be advertised anywhere. Women can pretty much show everything but guys better have on long pants and socks or you'll be given a pair to put on. The socks were new. We all hoped the pants were laundered in between wears...
1	After posting my review I was contacted and reimbursed for the dinner portion of our visit. This was an acceptable resolution.
5	Excellent food Excellent serviceSpectacular viewAlix was our server and she was awesome
2	Faker gourmet restaurant. Good views, and "luxury" menu. However, this is not genuine epicurean quality. Mediocre, over-salted mid-grade food. Highly overpriced. The waitstaff appears to be nice, but does not posses genuine quality service skills. Reaching over diner to fill water, serving from the wrong side, bringing dishes in the wrong order, and errors on the order. Plated temperature indicates lack of coordination of food prep. Some items too hot, some room temp on the same plate.The ambiance and decor intend to be upscale, as do the prices, but there are many true high end dining experiences which are better than this place.
5	All I can say is wow!I had the Beef Wellington and I can honestly say it is the best meal I have ever had. I am not generally a big steak or pastry fan, however apparently putting those two things together creates absolute magic!The view of The Bellagio fountain was amazing as well. If I could I would give this place a 6th star.The added bonus was I won $600 on a slot machine just before the meal, so it was for all intents and purposes a free meal. Win win!
3	I do not remember the name of our waitress and nor do I want to. We didn't know asking for a piece of bread was so difficult. She wouldn't give us a slice of a baguette until after we finished our meal...who wants bread after they are finished eating? Seemed like we had to beg after asking for the manager. One of the "helpers" I guess you can say, Alfonso Cruz, had to be one of the absolute best. We looked forward to him actually coming to the table and asking if everything was ok even though he did not have to because he was not our waiter. Willingly, he would check on us and keep on asking if we wanted more bread (: so simple! I really would just come for his service (no lie). Food was not bad. It was surprisingly good. No complaints. Thank you Alfonso for the wonderful service! Made our night! He needs a promotion.
2	This review is overdue, but sadly, I was less than impressed with my experience here...and it was my birthday dinner! During a trip to Vegas, we decided to enjoy a nice dinner out at the Eiffel Tower Restaurant and actually planned ahead so we made a reservation before we got into town. We called the restaurant, requested a nice window seat and told them it was my birthday. Knowing this is a very expensive restaurant, we expected to have the same experience we've had at other expensive restaurants (in Vegas among other cities). We expected to be greeted nicely and for our reservation to be treated with some dignity. When we showed up for our restaurant, we immediately realized that this restaurant is more of a spectacle than the other fine dining options in the area. They let anyone up into the restaurant so it's very congested by the bar, loud and anything but "special." We gave our name for our reservation and the hostess lead us to our table. As I mentioned, we had made our reservations several weeks in advance and asked for a window table. They gave us a "window" table but that ended up being right next to a huge poll on the opposite side of the restaurant that didn't overlook the Bellagio fountains but instead the run down Bally's pool that was under construction. It was also the smallest table in the entire restaurant. Our lovely romantic dinner on my birthday was turning into a disaster very fast. We decided to ask the hostess if there was any other table available and they said possibly. So we went to the bar to have a drink and waited for another table. About 20 minutes later they took us to another table. This time, it did have a view of the fountain but it was also right in front of the server's station so we constantly had servers on our laps during the meal. After the cluster of getting a table, I barely remember the food and while we still had a good time because we were together, we won't be visiting the Eiffel Tower Restaurant again for a fine dining experience in Vegas. There are so many other places with just as good of a view, better ambiance and much, much better service!
5	I surprised my wife by taking her here for our 15th wedding anniversary on 6/24/2014.  What a great restaurant.  They sat us by the windows looking over the fountain.  Our server, David C., was very nice and treated us with respect.  I ordered the Seared Scallops and the Halibut.  My wife ordered the Lobster and Pinot Salmon with the Potato Gratin.  Everything was cooked to perfection.  The Caramel Souffle was phenomenon.  The supervisor, Mr. Lyle Tolhurst, came to our table to congratulate us.  Very nice guy.  Thank you for everything.  I will definitely come back and will bring my entire family.  A night that I will always remember.
4	"go all the way to the tower...find out the secrets behind"while it's no secret that this isn't the real Eiffel Tower, the secret is this: reasonably priced food and a surprisingly relaxed atmosphere. not things you normally expect of the French, or their Vegas colony, but nice to see.the spicy lamb burger is hefty, juicy, and packed with flavor. get it. do not pass go. proceed directly to the lamb burger. it does not disappoint. FOR GREAT JUSTICE.service was friendly and fast.the view out on the Strip is tough to beat, especially when you see the Bellagio fountains going off. worth it.
5	I wish every restaurant in Miami was as good as this one! You have to go in through the casino of the hotel and you are led up to the restaurant through an elevator where you are greeted and check in. I made a reservation and requested a fountain view table for our anniversary dinner. As we waited to be seated were had some drinks by the car which is rather small, but drinks are pretty good. Finally we sat down to our fountain view table. Best view in town!!!! The fountains play every 15 minutes at night time, it's the most beautiful thing ever! We ordered the filet mignon and it's the most delicious filet I've ever had! Everytime I order it here even in the best restaurant in Miami, it's doesn't come even CLOSE to the filet in this restaurant. Cooked to perfection! The service was impeccable, our waitress was excellent! This restaurant is very "high end" so you get the service you're paying for! I plan to go back to Vegas at the end of the year and this will definitely be one of my stops for dinner!!!
5	We had my sister's b-day dinner here. The staff was very accommodating when I told them I was bringing in my own center piece and extra stuff for the table. Braised Chicken: this was really good must try if you are going herePotato Croquette: theses were ok but I liked the scalloped potatoes betterPistachio Souffle: this was amazing.If you go here please try the souffles amazing. Your missing out if you pass on dessert. We had already drank too much at the pool and were going to the club after dinner so we did not drink at dinner.The view is amazing as well.
5	I went to Eiffel Tower after graduation and the experience was great. All the food is amazing and top quality. My only regret is not getting all the caviar I wanted. The staff is also very nice and friendly. When they learned that I had just come from graduation they gave me a dessert for free and they wrote a little French message on the plate in chocolate! It said "Happy Birthday," but it's the thought that matters.
5	Wow. This place. All I have to say is this place is not overrated. I went here with my boyfriend for my birthday and it was awesome. The view and the table setting was so romantic. The food was awesome. I wish I could have tried everything on the menu. If you are full you still HAVE TO get their souffle. You have to try their souffle even though you are full to your stomach.
5	My son and I were at the top of the Eiffel Tower doing the tourist-y Vegas thing when he asked the guard how to get to the "Other Level" that he saw from the ground (which is the restaurant).  Well, one thing led to another and before I knew it we were being given a tour of the kitchens and a seated at a table for two overlooking the Bellagio fountains!  It was lunch service so I had a roasted chicken and Camembert sandwich and my son (age 6) had a breaded chicken cutlet with green beans.  We also shared the Triple Chocolate Cake for dessert (YUM!!).  The food was amazing and the service was impeccable even though (like I mentioned) we didn't have a reservation and were in no way, shape, or form dressed for 5-star dining!  I would highly recommend this restaurant and will DEFINITELY go back again on our next trip to Vegas!!
4	Definitely an experience.  I've always drive by this restaurant and wondered what it would be like to eat up there.  I finally got the chance to take my bf up here for his birthday.  Great place for an occasion or romance.In order to make a reservation, you need to give them a credit card.  Interesting.  The view is beautiful.  You can go see the strip at sundown and the Bellagio fountains.  The tables that we were seated near the window is very tiny.  Barely have any room. I liked how they had a bread tray to choose from 4 different types of bread.  I recommend the rustic; more Frenchy.Service was good, not excellent like what I expected from a high-end restaurant.Wild Escargot on Sweet Garlic Souffle:  I wouldn't have known  they were snails.  Didn't look like it didn't taste like it.  For an appetizer, it was extremely tiny, smaller than my palm.  Lamb chops: Umm...that price for 3 bones of lamb? That is seriously outrageous although it was mighty delicious and it melts in your mouth.Beef Wellington: This isn't what I expected either after watching all these cooking shows.  It was technically a meat pie with a huge cube of filet in the middle. It was good and filling but not really expecting it.  Potato Gratin: Extremely creamy.  I knew it was going to be rich but this took it to the next level.Wild Mushrooms: If you're going to get a side, get this.Armaretto Souffle: You must allow 45 minutes to order any Souffle and it is well worth it.  It was a light delicious cloud of armaretto.Banana Tower Thingy: Love the white chocolate crisp with a crap ton of bananas. It was super impressive but I would got for a souffle instead.After each meal, they give you as much petit fours your heart desire.
3	The Skinny: come here for the view - not for the food (2.5)service: solid but not high end restaurant level (3) value: overpriced for the cuisine but a great view of the Bellagio fountains (2.5 starred review bump up to 3 stars).We came for the brunch menu last weekend after receiving our annual coupons from Lettuce Entertain You.We went in to try their brunch prix fixe and also to try a few a la carte items.After making an Open Table reservation, we choose the earliest seating at 11 am. Despite arriving at the hostess area at 11 am, we were asked to sit in a small area for a while as they set up our table. They seated us with a nice view of the Bellagio fountains.Overall the cuisine sounds very elegant but in reality, it's just subpar French bistro cuisine with better plating. I get to that again in a moment.We chose the brunch prix fixe menu - the mushroom strudel appetizer, the steak and eggs, and the "frozen" strawberry souffle for $39. We chose the foie gras tourchon appy and the curry chicken pie entree as well.We were treated to two slice of baguette with some butter to start. The bread was warm but other than that, nothing special. Really, it's the same thing that likely gets served at Mon Ami Gabi. This is in stark contrast to when they used to serve warm cheese gourgeres.Amuse was a zucchini parfait. The zucchini parfait itself was good however it unfortunately was served with these odd pastry sticks which were hard yet not crispy, chewy and flavorless. It really detracted from the zucchini parfait itself. A bad plating decision that pops up again and again throughout the meal.The mushroom strudel was kind of strange. Made of filo pastry, it's mostly made out of spinach rather than mushrooms. The spinach was surprisingly bland and you couldn't really taste the mushrooms due to the lack there of.  At least the parmesean cheese sprinkled above and below the filo pastry crust imparted a bit of umami to the dish but otherwise I can't recommend ordering this dish.The foie gras tourchon was a disappointment - it wasn't nearly as luscious as I expected. Served with some brioche toast, the fig compote had a odd kind of fermented flavor to it as well as being too thick to be spread easily. Decidedly meh and I wouldn't recommend it.From the starters to the entrees, there was a good 30 minute wait between. Luckily the view was nice so we didn't mind as much but there is obvious a timing issues in the kitchen.Steak and eggs were ordered medium rare and came out medium-well. I'm not one to send stuff back usually. Plus given the long wait between the dishes, I just went with the flow. The quality of the steak was good and the meat was tender. The potatoes and red pepper hash underneath was delicious. Unfortunately the blanched spinach was unseasoned and therefore completely bland which diluted the flavors of the dish. It was okay, but once was enough.Chicken curry pot pie was essentially a version of chicken tikka masala baked under a puff pastry crust. The filling was underwhelming and slightly overly acidic. It really needed something to mellow the flavor out a bit. It was also missing a bit of that smokiness from real chicken tikka. It definitely need some dried fenugreek leaves to give it a more authentic flavor. I don't think I would recommend ordering this.We split their "frozen" strawberry souffle. I kind of had a beef with that. Call a spade a spade - it's just ice cream molded into a ramekin to look like souffle. Word.Anyway, the ramekin ice cream block with sprinkled pistachio was alright. In my honest opinion, I got more enjoyment from a grocery store purchased ice cream than this stuff.  The strawberry ice cream was overly firm and had a weird Cool Whip consistency when melted slightly. This contrasted to the more icy texture of the Grand Marnier ice cream on the bottom. This was a grade D in the level of desserts. It was okay because it was a part of the prix fixe but I would have been down right pissed if I'd ordered a la carte. Save your pennies and head over to a half decent gelati joint and be way more happy.At the end you get some chocolates (tastes like Cadbury chocolates and certainly nothing really special) and some fruit flavored jellies.Service, in general is good. Water glasses were filled through out the meal and food was served promptly and at the proper temperatures. Our waiter was courteous and helpful. However it was missing the small attention to detail that differentiates a truly high end restaurant (such as - describing your dishes in detail, removing the wine glasses as soon as they know you're not going to order wine... stuff like that).This joint exemplifies the rule for "view" restaurants: the quality of the food is inversely proportional to the view. Added the price premium for the location, I would not recommend this place as a top choice for a romantic dinner for 2. 2.5 starred review with a bump up to a 3 starred review.
5	Lived up to the hype!! Lucked out and got the corner table, Saturday night, sunset!! Wow. Order the sampling menu. The pace of service, tastes, and amazing view made for one of my top 5 dining experiences ever. Prepare to spend $400 for the full experience, but for a special occasion (our anniversary ) it was worth. Make reservations and check in early, them wait for the right table... Totally worth it.
4	You pay for the ambience.  Amazing views of the strip can't be beat. The food is solid if not spectacular.  Had the market greens,  smoked salmon,  grilled shrimp,  and wild escargot appetizers.  The highlights were the salmon and the escargot,  which was brilliantly prepared.  The main dishes were large portions of the snapper, salmon,  and pork chop.  The potatoes au gratin were a hit at the table.  Excellent service and  good food in a nice upscale atmosphere.  If not a bit overpriced it would be five stars
5	The food was wonderful, although overpriced and not the best I had the service and atmosphere make up for it. If you want to impress someone take them here. You have a wonderful view of the bellagio water show. We didn't have reservations, although it was on a Monday night at 10 pm they took us immediately to the best seat in the house. Id highly recommend.
3	We been to the Eiffel Tower many times. The view and the ambience is amazing. There were four of us and I had the halibut which was overcooked not very flavorful. The New York was delicious. We had better service and food on our previous visits. Not sure why because it was a Monday night and not that crowded.
3	I didn't like the food. But view is breathtaking! Perfect place for first time visitors. Ask for a table next the window!
2	WAY overpriced!  Great view and friendly staff but food is out of this world expensive!!  Drinks are as well!  That is why you have to take an elevator up so you don't run away screaming when you see the prices.  Food = above average.
5	My boyfriend took me here for our anniversary last year and it was perfect. Our waiter was so knowledgeable and had a great personality. We sat at a table in the left corner right against the glass -- the view of the strip and fountains was beautiful during the evening. The food and cocktails were amazing. I hope to come back soon.
5	great food. Great view.
4	We had the Filet of Trout ($22) and the New York Strip ($32) and both were very tasty! The service was great and a view to match.I suggest dining during lunch (11:00AM-3:30PM) for a lesser price point!I'll be back again!!!!
5	What a great experience! We made a reservation and our table was ready when we arrived. The view was wonderful overseeing the Bellagio fountains.  The food was excellent and the service superb.  Could not have asked for a better dining experience. This is now one of our top dining spots in Vegas.  The only downside was that we had to pay a $50 per person deposit when the reservation was made.
5	Pistachio souffle - we come here JUST for that incredible piece of heaven! Don't have to always have dinner, if you sit at the bar you can enjoy a glass of wine and dessert! The bartender is super nice, she always remembers us.
5	This was our 3rd visit here.  On our first visit, my wife and I had ordered the Dinner Tasting Menu.  It was a 5 course meal in which we paired with a bottle of wine.  The view was amazing as we were sat right next to the window.  Unfortunately, the food was very forgettable and nothing impressed us.... (This was about 2 years agoOn our second visit, my wife and I dined here for lunch. I don't remember what we had... but once again nothing impressed us once again!Third time's the charm right?Yep! The wifey and I came in for dinner on one of my days off from work.  We didn't expect much but we decided to give here another try before writing this place off for good.The service was great and the food here was A LOT better than before.  I am not sure if they have changed the menu, but the food was definitely an improvement.We ordered:Appetizers- Smoked Salmon (not bad)- Butter Poach Maine Lobster (really good, get this!)- Alaskan King Crab with Melon (great as well)EntreesBeef Wellington (yummy, the pastry was cooked to perfection)Broiled Filet Mignon with Foie Gras (this was the best part of dinner!)Crispy Potato Croquette (good stuff)DessertChocolate Souffle (worth the calories)All in all, service was great, food was actually memorable this time! Maybe it was the perfectly cooked Foie Gras that pushed me over the edge.  The view is always a plus here.
4	My experience at this restaurant was lovely. Aside from just loving the company I was in while there, I also loved the ambiance, the view, the service (Roman was our server), and the cuisine. The design and decor of the restaurant is very underwhelming; accordingly, I deducted one star. However, the cuisine, service, and view of the Bellagio fountains more than make up for the lackluster decor.
5	Taking into account the service, quality of food, price, and the unparalleled views, I highly recommending coming to the Eiffel Tower Restaurant for a special dinner date. I brought my bf here for his bday weekend and our first meal off the plane at 10pm was at The Eiffel Tower restaurant. While everybody raves about their views, I think they are seriously underrated for their food. Every single dish that we ordered was amazing. Our waiter was ridiculously attentive without being in your face. The entire restaurant gets gorgeous fountain views at the perfect height. If you make a reservation for 2, they tend to seat you at the window at these cute couple tables where you both sit face next to each other and enjoy the strip view. We ordered about 6/7 dishes, including a lobster corn chowder with crab flan (huge chunks of juicy lobster scattered throughout a creamy corn chowder, embellished with a chunk of crab flan), foie gras and warm pear appetizer, the beef wellington (huge portions and unlike anything I've had before, good flavor), an amazing veal entree, and 1 dessert + 1 complimentary dessert for his birthday. Everything was stellar... I didn't have EXTREMELY high expectations so me and my taste buds were ever so thrilled all night. Best part was, our two-person birthday dinner with drinks came to $270 total including tax and a generous tip. Very reasonable in my opinion... Keep in mind we ordered enough food for 3-4 normal people. :) A special night! It would be really hard for one to have a bad night here. Even if it's just for a drink or dessert, or a snack, it's worth the experience.
4	Gorgeous view of the Bellagio, the surrounding desert mountains and the strip.  Time your reservation to catch the Bellagio fountain show and ask for a table by the window!  The night time view is beautiful as well.  We visited for a late lunch and had a lovely table by the window.  Our service was excellent.  The menue is over priced in the way most strip restaurants are, but worth the experience.  Variety of choices on the menu to try.  Wines by the glass if you like.  Wonderful lunch experience. Will definitely be back!
5	Fabulous meal !! I had the best beef Wellington! Escargot was amazing! The bread was great! Impeccable service with a wonderful view of the strip!
4	The whole package is a four.  The views, service and ambience is a 5 and the food is a 3.  We had a magical view overlooking the Bellagio fountains with the pretty--if Disneyesque--architecture of the Italian style buildings around the Bellagio lake.  In fact, even the restaurant itself felt like a Disneyworld restaurant.I'm not sure this would be my restaurant of choice (given the expense) if I were taking my wife.  I would take her to an equally expensive but more gastronomic choice in Vegas.  But, given that I had my 13 year old daughter, the choice couldn't have been better.The food is pretty good but you can tell this isn't a chef of supreme talent.  My daughter's halibut was excellent.  My veal was a little tough and a tad over-cooked.  In other words, the food is perfectly fine but don't expect Eric Ripert from Le Bernardin or Thomas Keller from the French Laundry.  I wouldn't even put the food in a category of Mortons or Ruth Chris.  It's a half a step below these.  But, the view, the fun of riding the elevator and the overall experience made this a wonderful evening with my daughter who has raved about the restaurant.Here's what to expect for price (assuming appetizer, main and dessert) per person:$75 food$50 wine$10 tax$25 tip$150/per person
3	We all went here to eat on our trip to Las Vegas. We decided to try this place, because we heard good things. I am going to start by saying that the food is amazing. Amazing is an understatement. I got a salad, but everyone's food was pretty delicious. The service was good. They had 3 waiters for our table so we had excellent service. The reason why I gave the restaurant a 3 star was because, they kept  bringing us mineral water, which we did not order and charged us for it. We spent almost $50 dollars for water we did not even order. If you are eating here, expect to spend some money!!! And, the wait time to get the food is also very long.
5	Wonderful ambiance, fantastic service and delicious food. We were a group of 30 and everyone was very happy and left very satisfied.
5	Excellent panoramic view with Bellagio fountains in front of you, service is excellent and food is delicious a joy to my taste buds, price is accordant to what is  been offer , will look forward to return to the restaurant when we are back in Vegas!!!!
5	Thank you Ridge and Lloyd you guys are awesome. I had made reservations for dinner initially and unfortunately were not able to make it for dinner and when I called in they said to come in for dessert and drinks would be just fine. Well we got to the restaurant and a very rude and passive lady tall with blonde hair helped us and was refusing to give us a seat that we wanted claiming that it was taken by reserved dinner guest which was an absolute lie. Right than we were about had it with her nonsense and were heading out when Ridge one of the waiters stopped us and apologized for the misunderstanding and that we were able to sit there afterwards. Just after that Lloyd the manager approached us heard our complaint and was very apologetic for it and assured he would take care of the situation. I would definitely come back again for dinner I'll make my reservations with Ridge next time and make sure to completely avoid that girl as should all f you. Thanks for the dessert Lloyd you guys made my wife's  birthday absolutely wonderful
5	My husband and I dined here for our anniversary. It was amazing! The food, the view, and the service were outstanding! We even got a free appetizer and dessert since it was a special occasion. I had the short ribs and my husband had the beef wellington, both melted in your mouth. Definitely expensive, but worth it!
5	Dinner here on September 02, 20124, reservations for 8:30 pm. My husband had the bone-in rib eye with bone marrow, and I had the prime aged new york strip, we shared the duck confit salad, also had the croquettes and a caramel souffle. The steaks were amazingly robust and cooked to perfection, each bite succulent.  The view, ambiance and amazing server created one of my best dining experience. Our server knew the menu well, even as to the number of days our steaks were wet/dry aged. This was my second time here, the first was for a friend's birthday. This restaurant holds incredible memories for me and I look forward to celebrating here for the coming years. Definitely reccomend.
3	The service was good but the food wasnt. The beef wellington was beyond bland, and the halibut wasnt any special either. The warm foie gras and the salad was the only 2 good dishes. For dessert, we got the chocolate platter which was super disappointing since it was recommend to us by the waitress. The Lava cake was dry and overcooked, the chocolate ice cream was nothing special and the mousse was quite sweet
4	Very good and expensive, go for the view, especially during the fountain show. Wine list was great, steaks and sides were great. Expected.
1	Management is awful. We had a reservation for 9 pm and were there at 8:45 Pm, but we were not seated till 11 PM. By the time we got table we were tired of standing and waiting, so we just wanted to finish our dinner as soon as possible and crash in the hotel room. I won't recommend this place to anyone, if you are planning this restaurant for your date please reconsider. View from this restaurant is not worth the torture you have to go through
5	Fabulous fancy lunch!!We really enjoyed our lunch here on our last trip to Vegas. We had the kale salad, cheese platter, hamburger, and shrimp cocktail. Everything was to die for. Service was excellent... views were awesome... really nothing bad to say about this place.We will be back.
5	The best gastronomic experience ever! We tried the tasting menu offered by the chef, and we were amazed by each plate! The server Nick was excellent, we absolutely loved the experience!
3	Great view of the Bellagio Fountains!! Very romantic setting. For the price you pay, the food wasn't worth it though. I will tell you that the Eiffel Tower Experience drink was the best drink I've ever had. Make a reservation no matter what time you want to go... just to be sure you don't have to wait. And ask for a window seat.
5	Great athmosfere, service 5 star and food too.The steak tartare was awesome. Also the vegetarian plates are at the top, for the vegan.I spent my anniversary and i recommend it... And with the table in front of the Bellagio is outstanding.
5	My wife and I celebrated my birthday here and I noted in my reservations that we would like to be seated by the window to enjoy the water show from the Bellagio across the street and they accommodated us perfectly!  The view was amazing and the service was quick!  Actually too quick, lol. The food was delicious, drinks were ok and the desert was ok as well. Great romantic spot for all occasions.
5	This is a great place in vegas to have a romantic dinner, right across the Bellagio fountains. The service was great. I have been here a few times and the food was always delicious, steak cooked just like we wanted it. Very decent prices for the quality of the food and the set up.
5	THIS RESTAURANT IS AMAZING!! At first I was a little worried to eat here. I knew I would be so disappointed if the food wasn't good for the prices. I was so wrong. I have been coming to vegas for years but always ate at buffets or just fast food. Being it was my 30th birthday me and my boyfriend wanted something romantic. We called the restaurant to make a reservation for the next day. They were very polite over the phone. The next day we were running late for dinner so we called to let them know. When we got to the elevator we were greeted then getting off the elevator a girl walked us over to check in. The lady who checked us in was very nice and told me happy birthday. We were seated at the window with a view of the cosmo hotel and the water show. It was beautiful.Our waiter came over and gave us the menu and asked if we wanted water. We also ordered a glass of wine. When we were waiting for our food they brought us bread and butter and something that was white I think he said cauliflower something lol. It was amazing. For our appetizer we got the pork belly. OMG it was so amazing! Then we got our food. I ordered the roasted farm raised chicken and my boyfriend ordered the beef wellington. They were perfect portions for us and so amazing. The staff was very very attentive without being too much. They kept filling my water which was nice being I was a little hungover from the night before. At the end of the night they gave me a chocolate mouse that had happy birthday written on the plate. Everything from the staff, the views and the food was perfect. I'm so beyond happy with my experience there and will definitely be coming back for another occasion. Our bill was $195 and worth every penny. Thank you for making my birthday perfect!
5	All things considered, the Eiffel Tower Restaurant has my vote for best restaurant in Las Vegas.  Is it hands down the best food?  With so many to choose from, it's not a definitive yes... but, it's in the discussion, and we're probably splitting hairs at that point anyway.  Besides, add in the service, setting, and the spectacular view, and the Eiffel Tower Restaurant wins.
5	My mom surprised me in Vegas for my 30th birthday and took me here for a FABULOUS birthday dinner. I didn't even know this place existed! You take an elevator up and the views are fabulous. It was very impressive!The food is just melt-in-your-mouth amazing, the service is top notch without being stuffy, and they really went above and beyond to make it a very special night. We were continually brought bread, waters refilled, and even given a great tasting cauliflower soup (sounds a little weird but tasted awesome), compliments of the chef. The food was delicious and the service was exceptional. The waitress was so on top of her game, it was probably the best service we ever had. She was great, yet wasn't stuffy -- she was very personable and made us feel comfortable. When my mom made the reservations, she asked them to include roses on the table. They had a dozen of the most beautiful red roses ever -- they are seriously perfect and still thriving! I got to take them home in the vase, and the waitress provided a great gift bag to make carrying them out easier. The are full and open, still looking and smelling as beautiful today as they did this past weekend at the restaurant! She also brought out a birthday dessert, in addition to the delicious souffle that my mom loved. My mom also asked them to bring out a jewelry gift she had gotten me, with dessert -- they brought it out on a platter and had written Happy Birthday on the plate. They didn't skimp on anything here -- everything was fabulous! It was the greatest dining experience and they helped my mom make my birthday truly special and unforgettable!
1	There are soooo many restaurants in Vegas.... Do yourself a favor and skip Eiffel Tower. Filet should be buttery and not the texture of a top sirloin or a leather shoe. Potatoes were perfectly cold. There were so many employees and noone seemed to be organized. Try Strip Steak
5	Random info: Tasting Menu is $125, Wine paring optional, additional $79. Average individual entree ranges between $50~$80. The elevator to the restaurant is located in the middle of the Paris casino. Ambiance: Excellent. In terms of view of the Bellagio fountain this is probably the best place to dine! (Be sure to ask for a good table if you come here for the view ;).) Food: Good. The first time I came here with my girlfriend we had lamp chop and a steak. I thought those dishes were quite average. The second time I came here with my clients, and we had the chief's tasting menu which I thought it was definitely one of the better tasting menu I had come across. The Foie Gras, which is duck liver was amazing! Parking: Good. Free parking if you don't mind the walking. On the other hand valet is only $3~5 bucks depends on how much you want to tip. I always valet when I'm in Vegas it is so freaking convenient! Service: Excellent. First of all there are people greet you right at the elevator, and will escort you to the restaurant. If you are having the tasting menu, your utensils will be swapped out for clean ones after every course. And oh, beware they have restroom attendants, be sure to bring some cash for tips. Water is always filled on time, sometimes the VP/manager will walk around and personally make sure everything is ok. Conclusion: Hands down one of the best view in Vegas! Good food. Over the top service. A good place to impress a date/client. Dinner for two, expect the bill to be $200 if you order off the menu. $280 ~ $450 if you are getting the tasting menu.
5	View is AMAZING!  We did not have a reservation and they said the wait was going to be 30 minutes, but it was only about 10.  The lobster appetizer and the scallop appetizer my table had was very delicious.  I had the crusted salmon with a side of green beans and it was very good.  The salmon was cooked perfectly and crusted very well.  The green beans had a lemon foam on top that was a neat touch.  They also bring out complimentary desserts (5 small desserts) that were very good.  Make sure and get a view of the Bellagio fountain, they will go off many times during dinner and it is a fantastic view.
5	We had a reservation for 9:30pm on Saturday night. We arrived 15 minutes early and were seated right away. We had a table overlooking the Bellagio fountains and the Las Vegas Strip. The view was priceless. The servers were quick and attentive. If you are thinking of proposing to your significant other this is the place. Three couples got engaged the 90 minutes we were there. For dinner we had the rack of lamb which was delicious. Entrees are about 35-70 and cocktails are around 20 a drink. Good food, great scenery.
5	I was not expecting this.  My girlfriend and I sort of fell into the idea of having a French  meal during this trip to Vegas when we saw a travelzoo deal for another restaurant.  That planted the bug in our taste buds, so we started looking and doing comparisons and in the end, had to decide between here and another French restaurant (I forget which).  I was worried about this one because it looked so cheesy.  French restaurant in the Paris hotel which French people probably hate America for building, at a restaurant in the Eiffel Tower, which French people probably hate America for building.  I just didn't think they would do it right.  This is the middle of the desert for pete's sake.Stupid me.  Firstly, Vegas has some of the best chefs in America, so naturally the food would be good.  But it wasn't just good - it was spectacular.  Every bite was delicious.  And the restaurant has more to offer than just delicious food.  It has beautiful views of the Bellagio fountains.  I don't understand why anyone comes here any other time but at night.  You get the lights from Bellagio, Aria, Paris and Caesar's, and you get the fountain shows throughout your meal.  Further, our server was French (so I guess I was wrong about the French hating us for bastardizing their city).  He was gracious and helpful and couldn't have provided more perfect service.Shame on me, but I don't remember what my girlfriend got.  I think she got the sauteed snapper without the bacon (vegetarian), but it might have been the Pacific salmon.  I got the braised short ribs.  I was on a bit of a short ribs kick this year - getting in nearly everywhere we visited, and I think I got it like 3 times in New Orleans in April.  This was, if not the best, then top 2 or 3.  It was to die for.  The sauce was incredible, the vegetables were perfect, and the meat was just right.We ended our meal by splitting a creme brulee.  Unfortunately, still not as good as my girlfriend's creme brulee and why she doesn't market it to restaurants is beyond me.  That said, as far as non-girlfriend made creme brulee's go, then again, this was the best or at worst, second best.This is Vegas - if you come to a restaurant like this, be prepared to leave with a second mortgage, a payday loan, and maybe even an organ or two after you sold them to pay the bill.  But, when you choose right in Vegas, its well worth the money.  This was one of those meals.
5	I came here with my girlfriend we knew up front that this was going to be expensive but we put it in the back of our minds and enjoyed it for it was. The place is an awesome restaurant the views are spectacular and the vibe is very romantic. The food was delicious. I ordered the beef Wellington which I've never had before it was really good. My girl ordered the steak and said it was the best steak shes ever had which means alot because we've had some really good steak in Chicago. The breads they came passing around were really good too. Bill was around $250 with tip which was pretty good cause we also tried like 3 sides. Afterwards we took the elevator to the top of the Eiffel tower which ended up being a catastrophe cause my girl is terrified of heights which I didnt know lol. She ended up gripping the wall for dear life she literally had tears in her eyes so we didnt stay long. Overall very nice memory though.
4	Eiffel Tower is a delightful restaurant. You arrive via elevator, up through the "Eiffel Tower" structure in the middle of the Paris casino complex. The elevator opens directly into the kitchen pass, which is a unique and rather cool touch I've never seen before. Once you enter the dining room, a dim room with floor-to-ceiling windows overlooking the strip; you're greeted warmly. This is one of the few high-end restaurants I've visited where even a family with a small baby (admittedly a quiet, well-dressed baby) was welcomed by the hostesses. Our family had made a reservation several months ago, and had specifically asked for a table near the windows. We were given a delightful 3-top with a perfect view of the Bellagio fountains. Our service team was quiet and well-trained, although they did not quite meet the same level of service that one experiences at Twist. (No holding of chairs for ladies, etc.) My spouse suggested that I might be nit-picking when I complained that they only utilized their crumb scrapers at the end of our meal, rather than after each course. The food itself was classical and elegant. We started our meal with a cauliflower creme, sent out by the chef as an amuse bouche. Rich, "roasty" and delicious. My son ordered the filet mignon, which was perfectly prepared and delicious. My entree was black cod served on a bed of cauliflower couscous. The fish fell apart when I touched it with my fork- it was tender, moist and very well done. Easily the best non-salmon fish entree I've ever had. My spouse ordered the Wellington, which he was not thrilled with. It was prepared well and he had no specific critique...it just didn't suit him. For sides, we shared the brown butter spaetzl and the green beans. The former was delicious (if a bit on the oily side) while the latter were...just green beans. I'd suggest you be more adventurous if you dine here. For dessert, we ordered chocolate cake and apple strudel. My spouse loved the apple dish. I found the chocolate cake to be too rich to finish; which is saying something, considering that I am a die-hard chocoholic and the portion was small. The management also sent over a lovely artists palate of assorted sorbet, with a side of berries. They explained that this was an apology for a drunken diner seated nearby that had to be asked to leave. Considering that we had not even noticed an incident occurring in this very quiet dining room, I think this speaks volumes to the staffs discretion when handing front of the house issues. Honestly? The sorbet (Raspberry, Mango, Green Apple, Creme, and Chocolate) were my favorite desserts. I would order that again in a heartbeat. In short? Paris is now my second favorite Las Vegas restaurant (running behind Twist) and is recommended, should you find yourself in that part of the country.
5	The service is phenomenal, the half avocado with crab is amazing, definitely recommend it. A good drink to order is called autumn in Paris but use kettle one instead of grey goose vodka
4	One of my favorite restaurants in Vegas!  Will return next visit.  Had excellent service.
1	Wanted to try this restaurant at lunch time with the hubby while in Vegas. When you arrive in the Paris Hotel you take a special elevator --inside the hotel--to the restaurant. There was a nice lady and gentlemen by the elevator door that retrieved the restaurant elevator for us. When we made it to the top we were greeted at the hostess stand and immediately seated. Our waiter came by very nonchalantly and handed us the short lunch menu. I asked could we sit in the middle of the restaurant but for some reason they had to fill all of the seats around the edges. What????! The restaurant wasn't even full and it was lunch time. After reviewing the menu, the hubby and I decided that we didn't want anything to eat (nothing looked appealing) but we would stay and have a glass of wine. When I informed the waiter he said we could not sit at the table to just have a drink and we had to go to the bar and he proceeded to retrieve our menus. I had enough of this wanna be restaurant by then and the hubby and I left. I was not impressed.
4	This was an excelent meal, albeit much overpriced. The service was great, the server spoke French, English, and German (and God knows what else) so I spoke to her in German, just to match the cost of the food.My partner and I ordered the tasting menu with the wine paring. Both were almost flawless until the main meat course, which sucked my donkey's ass (some chef experiments aren't meant to be charged for). We began with an amuse bush of three small items including lobster, sausage, and cured vegies. Our first course was a raw scallop appitizer. This was my favorite course of the evening. After that we had a delicious seared fish followed by the main meat couse which was a tenderloin of venison with a spice rub. The venison was totally overpowered by the rub, which tasted so strong it was almost like powdered pine needles (I am thinking, pepper, star anise, cloves, allspice, and maybe thyme). We packed that in a box to eat later, which I tried to do but gagged every time until I threw it away.The desert course was lovely, I recall it being a chocolate mouse which my partner gobbled up as her favorite course of the night.The wine pairing flowed nicely and in fact so nicely that I gave my partner my last three glasses, and she got sexily buzzed.The best thing about the evening besides the service was the view. We sat sat right at the window in the middle of the fake Eiffel Tower, overlooking the Bellagio wather show, which we got to see multiple times. It was a lovely dinner (except for the venision which was like a poop in the punchbowl) and then proceeded to our hotel room for some after-the-culinary-orgy exercise.A very nice night - at the cost of $450 for two of us.
4	What an amazing view.  The wait staff here is outstanding.  The only reason there is not 5 stars here is I had to literally send back my steak 2x because it was over cooked.   The waiter was visibly mortified and took care of us, however, by the time my meal arrived the other was cold.  I highly recommend this restaurant if you have the chance to visit and hopefully the kitchen gets it right one the first go.  You will need a healthy budget, however it's worth it for a romantic dinner.
5	Service is excellent.  I had foie gras.  It was delicious.  The duck was perfectly done.  The lobster medallion appetizer was very good as was the roast chicken.  The warm Ceasar salad was unique.   All in all an A plus dinner and worth the cost.  Ask for Tom and Carlos to wait on you as they are a team.
4	A little kitchy, but a very fun experience and the food was quite good. I loved the attendant in the ladies bathroom - I just wish I had known about her so I could bring $ to tip her. We did not have dessert because we were late for our show (not the restaurants fault, our fault), next time I will be ordering a souffle - they looked amazing!
5	Beautiful location and view. My mother in law had the cream of onion soup and the stuffed French toast. Both were amazing. I had the foie gras appetizer and it was very creamy. Service was top notch and the crusty bread can't be beat anywhere!
3	First walking in: you see a magnificent kitchen with focused culinary artists paying attention to every detail of the food.Then, you wait for the host to tell you there's no window seats available though the restaurant just opened. You are puzzled and confused. You wait 30 minutes for the table and the host skips you because you're dad is the only one of your party there but you left for the bathroom. (A rule I've never heard before) You're forced to awkwardly ask for a window seat again. Finally, while making friendly chit chat with the  hostess, you get what you want..You take selfies for da memoriez but you have waiters and waitresses giving you major stink eye.The water show at the Bellagio starts and it's the most exciting thing.Soon, the server comes to offer a great arrangement of breads with butter and a palette cleanser.Your waiter comes up to you right after and expects you to have a decision. You don't and you are rushed to order. The waiter is very annoyed and walks away. So you feel unwelcomed....The waiter comes a second time. We all order something different. He leaves. As he comes back around, you want to change your order to salmon instead of chicken. He tells you, "No, I already ordered chicken in the kitchen." You say oh okay never mind :). And the waiter dashes off in a hasty fashion. You don't get it, that something easily changable. Honestly you would go to the kitchen and change it yourself if you could.You receive your food with stunning presentation, everything cooked to a T, it was quite the instagram meal to go with the view. (I recommend not ordering the caesar salad because it doesn't look so appealing as an actual meal). You were enjoying every bite but your dad didn't like his chicken. He told our, so far, degenerate waiter that he wasn't expecting shards of bones and grissle in the chicken. Waiter said, "Well it's not supposed to be boneless" your dad says,"I know but I wasn't expecting shards of bone and grissle I was expecting a breast" and the waiter says,"Oh okay." And dashes off once again. I thought he would at least apologize. The restaurant is VERY dimmly lit so reading the menu for someone with bad eye sight is HARD. Especially when half is in french and some ingradients are things you've never even heard of.From that rude encounter, you knew this waiter already did not like your family because they didn't choose to order the first time and he really just wants us to go away. You don't think they've had any strange requests or rude remarks. They're just a bunch of awkward, quiet folk over here.This waiter decides to have happy chit chats with all the other customers around you and runs past your table every single time, which is kind of distracting from the magnificent view! Not like you wanted to ask anything more from him anyway. It's a great place to take pictures with family. So You brought your selfie stick and cellphone. And your dad brought his camera. They would get up by the window on occasion to take pictures with the Bellagio fountain. Meanwhile, that waiter would sit in the dark corner and GLARESat u having a good time. AND HE WOULD TALK ABOUT U WITH OTHER WAITERS. It's really ridiculous now. Clearly he don't want a tip. And you have to admit your family stayed there shorter than both tables beside them and they were quiet people. They definitely rubbed this waiter the wrong way but not for him to turn all middle schooler on us, damn!I decided to be nice to him. When he collected our plates and uneasily offered us dessert. I smiled at him and acted very pleased. And he actually asked us where we were from and I said the Bay Area. And he said Aw California. And he dropped the menus and walked away.... Okay. We ordered the eiffel tower chocolate plate. AMAZING. Best thing there. They must do dessert very well!The waiter comes by right when we finished and collects my plate and leaves the bill as so expected, very unwelcoming.Basically, we paid for the spot. and like many others we stayed there for a little while longer. We soak in the breathtaking sight: the fountains, the lights, the dimmly lit room!We began to leave and so expected. The waiter is glaring at us again, pointing us out to his waiter buddies. It takes a while to put on my coat and scarf and he intends to just keep staring at my family and I. I hope this time he was staring at us because he noticed no tip on the table...The management clearly cannot stand the type that aren't fancy and high class. My waiter deeply disliked us for no real reason other than maybe we embodied some aspects of bad customers before. But I believe he deserved the no tip left on the badly cleaned table. Leaving on a positive note, the restaurant has an excellent taste for any savory or sweet dishes. All foods are creamy and I absolutely love that! The view is everything! Just be aware of SNOBBY WAITERS and HOSTS.
1	Me: Party of twoHostess: What's your name?Me: I didn't make a reservation.Hostess: We'll get you a table ASAP.Me: How long do I have to wait?Hostess: ASAP.Can you guess where this is heading? My girlfriend and I waited for 30 minutes and I asked the hostess again how long we have to wait. After going into a whole discussion, now she tells me that all tables are booked and we are there to wait indefinitely to fill in the gap when someone cancels his reservation. She says this is the definition of ASAP and I was too dumb to understand what it meant.
1	Horrible experience! First off the menu is extremely limited, so if you like options ... Not your place to go. Everything is really unorganized. Waiters are frantically walking back and forth you can't even enjoy the view. Our experience was terrible because our soup was cold, main course ordered came 1 hour later and the waiter was probably the worst part. When I was going to order I asked the waiter what he recommended and he was really rude and short about it. Some loser French guy who hates his life. After our food took too long we asked what's taking so long he first said "want to cancel" then said 3 minutes which turned into 15. Of course we canceled and left. But the point is it was like he enjoyed it. As we left I saw the manger standing around I told him what had taken place. His reaction was a half ass apology. Don't waste your time and money in a restaurant that is going to give you horrible service. vegas is full of amazing places ... I'm surprised this place remains open. We were at stk night before ... Fabulous. Don't go here .. View is half ass. Service is terrible and food is limited.
4	Had dinner on 12/30, 6:30 pm, a day before New Years. Despite the busy time of year and day, my wife and I were seated by 6:40 pm.  Received a window seat, however, it was on the South Side (vs more desirable street side facing Bellagio.)  View was nice, but, more reserved.  Recommend requesting street side with your reservation.Wife ordered Surf and Turf which was a tender steak and stuffed crab ravioli.  Steak was good (a bit salty), the crab ravioli better.  Loved the sauce.  I ordered the Rack of Lamb which was delicious.  Waiter commented this was New Zealand imported lamb vs the more common US lamb, so it was less gamey.  I notice the flavor difference prior to his informing me, so he was right on there.  I only miss the  minty sauce some restaurants typically include with lamb.  Accompaniment, ordered the cream spinach and mushroom. This was delicious particularly with the sourdough bread that was brought fresh periodically throughout the meal. Our only complaint was that we were not able to use our $100 Diamond/ Players card  dinner credit there, as they indicated they are not an official LV Paris Hotel restaurant.  Strange as they are smack in the Eiffel Tower within the Hotel.
1	Waiters and hosts are not friendly or patient WHATSOEVER. Read my story.Walking in: you see a magnificent kitchen with focused culinary artists paying attention to every detail of the food.Then, you wait for the host to tell you there's no window seats available though the restaurant just opened. You are puzzled and confused. You wait 30 minutes for the table and the host skips you because you're dad is the only one of your party there but you left for the bathroom. (A rule I've never heard before) You're forced to awkwardly ask for a window seat again. Finally, while making friendly chit chat with the  hostess, you get what you want..You take selfies for da memoriez but you have waiters and waitresses giving you major stink eye.Soon, the server comes to offer a great arrangement of breads with butter and a palette cleanser.Your waiter comes up to you right after and expects you to have a decision. You don't and you are rushed to order. The waiter is very annoyed and walks away. So you feel unwelcomed....The waiter comes a second time. We all order something different. He leaves. As he comes back around, you want to change your order to salmon instead of chicken. He tells you, "No, I already ordered chicken in the kitchen." You say oh okay never mind :). And the waiter dashes off in a hasty fashion. You don't get it, that something easily changable. Honestly, you would go to the kitchen and change it yourself if you could.You receive your food with stunning presentation, it was quite the instagram meal to go with the view. You were enjoying every bite but your dad didn't like his chicken. He told our, so far, degenerate waiter that he wasn't expecting shards of bones and grissle in the chicken. Waiter said, "Well it's not supposed to be boneless" your dad says,"I know but I wasn't expecting shards of bone and grissle I was expecting a breast" and the waiter says,"Oh okay." And dashes off once again. I thought he would at least apologize. The restaurant is VERY dimly lit so reading the menu for someone with bad eye sight is HARD. Especially when half is in french and some ingredients are things you've never even heard of. We watch him suffer through his meal.From that rude encounter, you knew this waiter already did not like your family because they didn't order quick enough and he really just wants us to go away. You don't think they've had any strange requests or rude remarks. They're just a bunch of awkward, quiet folk over here.This waiter decides to have happy chit chats with all the other customers around you and runs past your table every single time, which is kind of distracting. Not like you wanted to ask anything more from him anyway. It's a great place to take pictures with family. They would get up by the window on occasion to take pictures with the Bellagio fountain. Meanwhile, that waiter would sit in the dark corner and GLARES at you having a good time. AND HE WOULD TALK ABOUT YOU WITH OTHER WAITERS. It's getting really ridiculous now. Clearly he doesn't want a tip. AND your family stayed there shorter than both tables beside them and your family were quiet people. NO DISTURBANCE. They definitely rubbed this waiter the wrong way but not for him to turn all middle schooler on us, damn!You decide to be nice to him. When he collected our plates and uneasily offered dessert. You smiled at him and acted very pleased. And he actually asked where were you guys from and you said the Bay Area. And he said Aw California. And he dropped the menus and walked away.... Okay.The waiter comes by right when we finished and collects the plates and drops the bill on the table. As so expected, very unwelcoming.Basically, y'all paid for the spot. and like many others your party stayed there for a little while longer. Soak in the breathtaking sight: the fountains, the lights, the dimmly lit room!Began to leave and the waiter is glaring at you again, pointing you out to his waiter buddies. It takes a while to put on my coat and scarf and he intends to just keep staring at my family and I. I hope this time he was staring at us because he noticed no tip on the table...The management clearly cannot stand the type that aren't fancy and high class. My waiter deeply disliked us for no real reason other than maybe we embodied some aspects of bad customers before. But I believe he deserved the no tip left on the badly cleaned table. Leaving on a positive note, the restaurant has an excellent taste for any savory or sweet dishes. All foods are creamy and I absolutely love that! The view is everything! But I wish the waiters and hosts put more care into their craft like that cooks.
2	Waiters were rude and it felt like we were being rushed for everything. Ordered the filet medium rare which came back medium well. The waiter then had the audacity to argue with me and say that it was in fact medium rare. I'm pretty sure I know what a medium rare steak looks like, and it isn't grey in the middle. The view was amazing and that is basically what you're paying for. Just wish the service was more friendly.
