5	So happy to have made it to the grand opening.  Was one of the first few people in line. Amazing mac & cheese burger. Specialty drinks off the charts. both types of fries so tasty.  Guy himself came by our table and said thanks for comming.  I said yes. Congrats on your grand opening.  He later came by and said you guys are making a mess lol...said i think ive died and gone to guy hevan! And the smores dessert wow to die for. Shareable for sure! Cant wait to get back.
5	We went the other day for a soft opening and the staff and food were out of this world!  I definitely recommend it to everyone!
5	Totally awesome place to enjoy some unique cocktails and amazing bites! Everything from the won-tacos to the Greek salad is mouthwatering. Service staff is very upbeat and friendly. Great outfits and a super energetic bar staff. A must to visit while in Vegas!!!!!
5	Onion rings and triple t fries are a must. Dessert is not needed but if you get one you need to make sure you share it is huge but so good. We had the mint chocolet chip pie that was oreo crust and mint chocolet chip ice cream omg yum.
3	I'm a big fan of Guys, my boyfriend and I went there opening night. The staff was really nice but I think they had to be because Guy was there lol. The food was OK.... It wasn't nothing to ride home about... Your better off going somewhere off the Strip, like Nicked City Pizza....
5	We came across Guy Fieri's brand new Vegas restaurant after seeing a show. It was a perfect late night snack. The staff was very friendly and helpful. They have some great looking Vegas Fries but when one of our party asked if we could get just plain fries they said sure. Our Server, Nichole, was very friendly along with her helper. I hope the level of service keeps up as the restaurant moves forward.
5	The Mac n cheese bacon burger is one of the best I've had.  Fondue dippers are awesome.  Ambiance is great, menu had plenty to offer, and service was top notch.  Ask for Bria she was great! Food is reasonably priced, and don't forget your Total rewards card, they discount.
5	there's only one word to describe this restaurant..... outstanding! here's another word, amazing!! the staff, were the best! very outgoing, all of them from the hostess, bar tender mike, waitress ayron, bus boys all great!! you gotta come here if your in vegas. one more thing, omg!!!! you have to try there desserts! best in all of vegas
4	Came here after seeing some promos for it just opening. Pretty cool vibe to it, with a mix of music from the outside carnival court and music inside. A little loud for my liking but I get it. Really friendly staff all around. I had the mac and cheese burger and it was really good. Huge portions of everything!! Wife had the the asian wraps and the pepperoni sticks. The asian wraps came out cold. I will try it again down the road. Overall a decent place for some good food.
5	Had lunch with the family here for the first time and was better than expected! We all ordered a different dish and were all pleased with the presentation and quality of the food. Prices are reasonable for the quality and relaxing atmosphere. We will definitely return again. The Staff was really cool and made sure you were well taken care of.
5	Since this place my wife and I heard about this place opening we were interested in checking it out.  Everything was spectacular from start to finish, our food was phenomenal, I had the Mac n cheese bacon burger and my wife the fireball wings.  We finished with the cheesecake challenge.  Overall the meal was amazing and our server Chris Anderson was awesome!!! We will be back soon.
4	My girl friend and I stopped in here to grab a bite to eat for lunch and were not disappointed. She got the turkey burger and I got the Mac n' Cheese burger. Both were very delicious and full of flavor. The sandwiches came with "variety" fries which were seasoned very well. For being a new restaurant and the strip and celebrity themed I would say that the prices were very fare. No problem with the service. Received some suggestions for the menu which seemed a little to "scripted" and not genuine. Only problem we had was when we were asked where we wanted to sit we asked for inside and ended up getting put right next to the large open doors, which made it a little chilly and not feel like we were inside since it was windy out. Overall good food, prices, and service. Would suggest if you are looking for a place that offers a good burger and fries
5	The service, food, and staff were amazing!  I went here with my family, party of four, during the pre-soft opening where our whole meal was comped. We were instantly greeted and shown our table. Although, we weren't seated at the bar, the bartenders made us feel welcome as we passed by. The service was quick and they managed to make conversation despite being packed. My glass was never empty and the servers were kind. We ordered the Big Dipper, Triple T fries, Nachos Del Jefe, General's Wings, Margarita Fajita Wings, and Victor's Sweet Tacos. And for dessert we had the Triple Doublemint Pie. We were huge fans of the Margarita Fajita wings, the amazing truffles smothered all over the Triple T fries, Nachos Del Jefe and the Big Dipper. The sauce for the Margarita Fajita wings was phenomenal. They almost took this off the menu, but we are so glad that they didn't. It was a sweet and sour sauce with herbs accompanied with perfectly cooked chicken. So worth it! My brother loved the Nachos Del Jefe. Everyone else at the table enjoyed it, but didn't believe that it was "spectacular". Everyone at the table loved the Triple T fries. There were truffles over the fries and within the sauce. There was so much, we couldn't possibly finish all of it, because the portion size was HUGE (which is a great thing). The Big Dipper was a great sandwich. The manager came by to inquire about our experience and he informed us that they spent hours cooking the meat to perfection. It was seasoned well, and moist. It's a must try! Overall, we enjoyed the food, service and staff. The managers even came by a couple times to personally talk and make us feel welcome while the servers were friendly and consistently checked on us in a pleasant manner.
5	Since this place my wife and I heard about this place opening we were interested in checking it out.  Everything was spectacular from start to finish, our food was phenomenal, I had the Mac n cheese bacon burger and my wife the fireball wings.  We finished with the cheesecake challenge.  Overall the meal was amazing and our server Chris Anderson was awesome!!! We will be back soon.
5	We had Asian wrap appetizers and had two of the sandwiches the pulled pork and the roast beef,.Sandwiches were hot and the appetizer was really good and tasty.Love the fries cause it's a combination of four different types, waffle, crinkle, sliced and shoestring very good!Will come back again....
5	My husband and I dined at Guy Fieri's Vegas Kitchen and Bar last Friday evening. The manager Michael welcomed us, and the hostess took us to a nice table. First I like to mention the Ace Perry Cider that I ordered. That will be my forever favorite! What an awesome taste, especially in combination with the tasty menu items! We ordered the Guy-talian Fondue Dippers and the Righteous Rojo Rings for an appetizer. We loved it, and couldn't get enough! Finally something different! American food but infused with worldly flavors! Awesome! We love Chili, so we had to try the Southern Smothered Chili Bowl! The cornbread on top with the sour cream, yummy! We give it a 5star! Another one of my favorite are the Fireball Whiskey Wings. The blue-sabi sauce that comes with it is divine! The fries! OMG! The best fries I ate in the United States for sure. They come in different sizes and styles... a must try! I especially like the unique way the food is presented. Each menu item has a different kind of set up. I love eating with my eyes, and I was satisfied for sure.Big compliment to the entire staff! Everybody is in a great mood, happy and helpful! They sure know what the menu items are, and explain it well. This was my third visit to Guy Fieri's Vegas Kitchen and Bar, and it definitely became one of my favorite American restaurant within one week!
3	Food: I loved everything we ordered, we were looking for late night food and this place was perfect. I had the Motley q sand which, which is not just any pulled pork sandwich, it was loaded with tender chunks if meat that melted in your mouth with a fun slaw, awesome sauce, and melted wonderful cheddar on a toasted pretzel bun. Yum! Served with 4 kinds of fries, all of them amazing.Ambiance: what you would expect from Guy, it had personality, not formal, and the wait staff were coordinated, but not in a kitschy way.service: and this is why I gave them a 3 star rating was spotty at best. It took 20 minutes to get drinks, then easily took 30 minutes to get our check after they took our plates. Very strange, but the back up staff kept up with refills, so that was nice.
5	Watch out everyone Guy Fieri's back in town not as a UNLV student but as a Restaurateur! This time he's taking no prisoners -- well, no chefs -- because Chefs Bobby Flay and Gordon Ramsay should be quivering and quaking in their boots because, by far, Guy has the best burger in Vegas, especially with the BBQ Bourbon Sauce.My wife, 11-year-old daughter, and I had an Italian themed day in Vegas. We  went to Mob Museum (Daughter thought one of the mobsters looked like Actor Robert DeNiro), Rode on a Gondola at the Venetian, went to a Gun Range, and topped it off by eating at the Italian's place Guy Fieri, who is aka Guido. We started with the Sashimi Won-Taco shareables. Awesome. My daughter wanted more --- all of us did.Then, my wife ordered the carne tacos, I ordered a burger and my daughter ordered the pork sandwich. All were awesome.The mixture of the fries were great! Though, I'd like a twist on the sauce, say, a kicked up Dill dipping sauce for the fries along with the standard ketchup. (Fryer Tuck eatery in Portland, OR had that sauce years ago with their wedge-like fries)Unfortunately, we had a problem. The dessert. My wife and I loved the Monte Cristo dessert creation but my daughter had an allergic reaction. We had asked the waitress if there were any tree nuts in the dessert. She checked. The Kitchen told her no. (I wonder if peanut oil uses any tree nuts.)But reaction was just like a reaction she had before with tree nuts. Her lips became swollen, throat itchy and bumps on her head. (Several hours past till she was okay again.)The waitress immediately got the assistant manager involved. She was a super waitress, and he was a super man as a manager.He went way above and beyond the call of duty --- he went to store across the way and purchased Benadyrl for my daughter! Wow, the assistant manager treated us as if we were Guy, his wife Lori and this had happened to one of Guy's sons Hunter or Ryder.The manager comped us the $90 bill too! We left a nice tip for our waitress despite the incident because service and food were excellent.We will definitely go back for not only the great food but the awesome customer service.By the way, Guy seems so real and unpretentious like we're part of his family --- and now we witnessed how that attitude spilled over into the attitude of his staff.Finally, here's a big and heartfelt thank you to Guy, his family and his wonderful staff for taking care of our daughter though it was an unfortunate incident, it made it more palatable for us even if was for the rest of the evening.We wish Guy, his family and his staff much success with the new "Guy Fieri's Vegas Kitchen and Bar"!See you next time we're in Vegas! We will definitely be eating at "Flavortown" again!By the way, Italians, Food, and Casinos go well together. Bada bing, Cha Ching! Guido, you know what I'm sayin'?
5	This was mine and my boyfriends first visit and we had a great experience.  The food, atmosphere, and service were all outstanding.  I will definitely be recommending this restaurant to my friends and you need to ask for Chris Anderson he was outstanding!
1	This place is horrible, food sucks service is ok nothing crazy. Maybe it was my server but I was very unhappy about my experience here.
5	Im in love with this place!! I watch Guy on tv all the time and he finally opens a new restaurant! Whoo hoo! It was better than i anticipated. I dont really eat american food but this place hands down has the best burgers ive had so far. First time i had fried ice cream and it was amazing! They do have salads but if your looking for healthy, this is definitly the wrong place to eat at. But cheat day go all in! Everything you love about american food, its fried, its beefy, its sweet, and great portions!
5	Most amazing day. Got to the grand opening 3 1/2 hrs early to wait in line got to meet the man himself. Awesome setting. Vegas fries trippleTfries and more fries that come with your burger if you choose. I got the Mac+cheese bug. uhMazeInggg hello. Foodies out there this is a must to dine at when in vegas. Oh and dont get me started on the to die for desserts lol. The pics will speak better then I can..
3	I was highly disappointed in the food at guy but then again it's guy's so I guess that says it all .The look of the restaurant was nice and the staff was friendly but I would choose to go to other restaurants Next time.
1	I'm a fan of Guy Fieri, he's from Vegas and I love his Diners, Drive-ins and Dives so I was excited to try his new restaurant.  The place had a cool casual decor, wood and metal.  Went on a nice Sunday for lunch.  We were seated after about a 20 minute wait.  We ordered our drinks and it came.  Flagging a server was like trying to flag a taxi -- can't find one.  I don't know where our server disappeared to.  After that it took about an hour to get our appetizer which came with our sandwiches and tacos.  Presentation was nice!  I ordered the big dip or whatever it was called -- I can't remember since it's best to forget how dry it was -- it needed au jus which I recommend on the side.  My son ordered the fish tacos.  He said it was plain and not much flavor.  My other son ordered the blackened chicken sandwich or whatever it was again.  It was easy to forget because he said it was just ok.  The truffle fries were great, skinny cut and flavorful.  The server forgot my daughter's water.  She finally got it when our food was brought out.  Service was 1 out of 10.  We ordered another appetizer which never came but were charged and also a beer that we didn't order.  When our server came to bring our check and I told him how bad the service was he started to argue with me and made excuses.  I don't want to hear they just opened 4 days ago.  Apologize, give me a free soda or something for me to return!  Which I won't.  Did he come  to see how we were doing during the hour wait?  Not!  The lunch experience left a bad taste.  We live in Vegas and expect much more from a Strip restaurant especially from Guy Fieri.
1	Like every other restaurant / bar / club on the Strip, this place is stupidly overpriced, but what do you expect? I should have known our experience was going to be a bad one when the hostess told my friends and I there was going to be a 40 minute wait when I could clearly see empty tables throughout the place. As we're waiting, we notice groups of people coming in after us, yet they're getting seated no problem. One of my friends complains to the hostess and she says, "Oh sorry, I thought you left." Seriously? We eventually get seated and place our orders with an overly excited server. The restaurant, though busy, isn't packed but for some reason, it takes a while for the food to get there. I guess the food was so-so, seeing as how some of my friends finished their food while others did not. We ask for the check and remembering how other reviewers posted to show a Total Rewards card for a discount, I handed my card to the server. The adjusted bill was a whopping $1.42 cheaper than it would have been had I not given him my card. Long story short, I really don't see why people love this place. I might come back if my friends put a gun to my head, but I think I'd rather have them pull the trigger...
3	My wife and I tried this yesterday. When we checked in we were told there would be a 40 minute wait, plus we also requested the outdoor patio. We'd get called around 25 minutes, but they forgot about the patio request and wanted to seat us inside. We eventually got the patio seating.   Once seated, service was on the slow side. We ordered drinks, I got the Sammy Hagar rum drink, which was very good. But our order was not taken until we got our drinks after a long wait.  We ordered hamburgers, I got the Mac and Bacon Burger. I took about 30 mins to come out. The burgers are smash burger style, and unfortunately ours were on the over done side. The burger is described as an award winning burger, but not in this case. The Mac and cheese was stingily applied and could not overcome the dryness of an overdone burger. During the whole time there, when visits from the server were few and far between, there were about six people getting a table ready for a group of 15. Must have been a VIP, because it was setup meticulously. I've never seen that much cleaning and rechecking of the setup before. Maybe if they put that much attention to the rest of the customers, it would have been a better experience. Since it's only been open a week, hopefully things will get better. But with so many choices for good food in Vegas, it's hard to give places a second chance.
5	I'm a huge Guy Fiery fan! This guy always makes my mouth water every time it watch his show! And to have him open a restaurant in Vegas! Now that's amazing you know your not in for a disappointment! With that said, I ordered the tatted up turkey burger now that was a huge juicy burger! I loved it and I couldn't finish it! The menu had a verity of food to chose from I'll definitely be back to try other foods!
4	Great food and fun atmosphere. The fireball whiskey wings were really good. Great burgers, great desserts, wonderful menu. Can be a bit pricey for a casual restaurant but the location is wonderful. If you have a Total Rewards players card, you get $1 off your entree. I will go back to try other menu items!
5	This place is amazing!!! The environment, the decor, the customer service, and the food are all on point! I got the chili and an order of fries, they were both delicious! We are outside, which was perfect and very comfortable. The prices are unbeatable for being a celebrity restaurant. I will absolutely be back next time I'm in town, and I've already told all my family and friends that they have to check this place out! Can't wait to come back, and the staff were all super friendly.
4	Like the show "DDD", but had no idea if Fieri was a talented chef or not.  If his menu at this place is any indication, he won me over.  The chx wings were fun to look at and eat.  The flavor is spot on.  The pulled pork sandwich was great.....the pork was tender and the barbecue flavor fabulous; the best I've had in a long time and I'm no real fan of BBQ.  The kitchen was a bit slow and some of the pork portions were crunchy, but those are daily kitchen issues and nothing to do with the menu or the flavors.......I'd go again and try more of the menu, definitely.
4	Let me start off by saying we had a great server Nicole. She was fantastic and so much fun! The appetizer ahi won ton tacos I think were amazing!! So many different flavors. Loved them!Husband had Motley Q, he was in heaven. Loved every bit of it. I cant say enough about the fries....just the thought I want to go back now! Homemade ketchup was great, not sweet like store brands. I dont remember name of what I had but was so good. It had an au jus with it. There was so much food we could have eaten ourselves into a coma. Everything with food was perfect! We were so full we could not eat any dessert. Though they all looked like the bomb.com!!!Drinks from the bar I have to say were not so good. They were thrown together and probably worst we've had. There were no garnishments on any 5 drinks. Bloody Mary was literally tomatoe juice & vodka. Was so boring that my husband gave bartender a recipe to make for him. Was much better but still no garnishment. No olives, no celery, nothing. We did talk to general manager about it and he did take care of the issue. Assistant manager came by & we made suggestions on the drinks. He did say every drink is to come with garnishment. Both managers were awesome and had great attitudes and asked us personal questions about our visit to Las Vegas. They seemed very sincere. We definitely will go again when in Vegas!! We so LOVE LOVE this restaurant!! Wish I could give 5 stars but because of the drinks I had to give 4 stars.Thank you Guy for opening this great restaurant!! Thank you Managers & Nichole for giving us such a wonderful experience!!p.s.~ we also went to Gordon Ramseys in Paris and between the two, Guy's restaurant was by far the best!!!
5	I went there with my friends on their first day opened. I like how they have partial outdoor area. Staffs are very friendly. Food presentation were nice . We tried chicken wings ,fish taco and churro. Churro was real good. I want to go back and try the cheese cake because I saw the waitress brought it to the other table and it was like half of the plate size. Atmosphere was fun too.
4	Its about time that a 5 Star chef came to town with a moderate priced place to eat.  Guy's place ROCKS!  Showed up at 6 pm on a Tuesday and we were seated right away.  Our server was fast to take our order with a wonderful smile and helpful information regarding the food.  My choice, Mac N Cheese and Bacon Burger. My husband got the Big Dipper Sandwich, smoked roast beef.My burger was out of this world, mac n cheese, perfectly cooked bacon, lettuce, cheese and a juicy burger.  The burger and all sandwiches are served with a side of assorted fries.  The only small thing I would have changed was the plating, its a small item.  The plating is done on a small wooden cutting board which doesn't leave a lot of room for your food. Now my husbands sandwich, not our favorite, but that's a personal taste.  The roast beef was had a VERY HEAVY smoke to it.  Neither of us are huge fans of a heavy smokey taste to our beef/BBQ.  The meat was tender and juicy, just didn't care for the heavy smoke.  Total bill was $44 for both meals with included 2 pops.  Price isn't bad for a casual dinner on the Las Vegas Strip from a 5 Star chef.  Can wait for friends to come into town so we have an excuse to go back.
3	The wait time of 30min on a Sunday evening was long considering there were empty tables available. Not enough staff? The servers were very friendly. At the end of the meal, I got a survey on the whole experience including the wait staff. Is that why they were overly friendly? Newly trained employees.The food was ok. I had the Triple B burger and Greek salad. I probably won't return anytime soon.
5	Great customer service best ive had in vegas and awesome food. would recommend to anyone
3	The food was OKAY. Nothing to write home about. I had the smash burger and it literally tasted like in and out. The fries were way too crispy and burnt. The only thing that made this visit worthwhile was the amazing waitress we had. I believe her name was Olga! Won't be coming back anytime soon.
5	Wow!  This place rocks!  The bartenders were awesome!  They were very attentive and knew the menu inside and out!  We saw the manager on the floor talking to different tables.  The food was outstanding!  We couldn't have been happier!  Thanks Guy!
5	Was here on 4/26/14 with family and friends. This was my first and much anticipated visit to a Guy Fieri restaurant and it far exceeded my expectations!Our waitress, Michelle, was friendly, energetic and informative  she knew the menu very well (for only being open one week!) and was able to make great suggestions. I had the Vegas fries and the blue-sabi sauce they came with was off the charts. My main course was the pastrami burger that was AMAZING!!  Even two of my sons, who are very picky eaters, were totally impressed with the bacon Mac n cheese burger. My wife had the carne Asada tacos that she said were some of the best she's ever had!!!The entire experience was awesome and I am already looking forward to our next visit!
3	Just went last week while visiting Vegas. They had only been open 3 weeks. The Good:Friendly staffGreat house Sammy Hagar rum drink.Good to great food (tossed buffalo fries and mac n cheese burger)Needs Work:Service was SLOOOW. Took 90 minutes for dinner. Burger overcooked.Problem seems to be difficulty the wait staff has getting food out of the kitchen and drinks out of the bar. Wait staff would disappear but always seemed to come flying back out of the little bar nook where they were held up waiting for customer's drinks. Guys next to us waited 15 minutes for a beer. One beer. That's a flow problem for MANAGEMENT to fix. And it NEEDS to be fixed.Loved the buffalo tossed fries. Interesting shapes and not too much sauce. Burger would have been good but was overcooked. They don't ask how you want it, which should have been the first clue. They're all well done.I'd try it again. Atmosphere was good and waitstaff was friendly and attentive.
5	at the Quad, started off with Guy-Talian Fondue Dippers...delicious! Followed by Original off-da-hook Smash burger...delicious! Customer service excellent. Atmosphere was fun! Should of participated in the beer sampler with tshirt...next time! We will be back...
5	Last meal in Vegas before we have to fly home to idaho.  You know that saying save the best for last?  Well that is the case with Guys restaurant.   Was not disappointed at all.  Even our son said we need to come back here again after eating the drunken fish tacos.The mac n cheese bacon burger was legit.  Turn into Harras to park and wind your way back to the Quad. Once you Valet park it is right there. Winner winner chicken dinner.
2	i love GF and enjoy his shows on food network so i'm glad we were able to go to his new place.. i was worried it wouldn't be open in time cuz the place's opening date was supposed to be 'late april' so we lucked out really.. anyway, the decor and attire of the staff was very rock-cowboyish, and i was enjoying the general ambiance and environment.. the bar yells out when various events happen, like some patron is celebrating something, etc, it was hard to understand what the bartenders were yelling lol.. and there's an outside patio option for diners if they choose, BUT the down side to this is it's a big open wall so w/ it being a restaurant, flies and whatnot just roam freely throughout the place and chow down, very much interrupting diners like myself! so my suggestion would be to fix up that wall and make it a revolving door instead and just have outside speakers if u want the outside diners to still hear the music lol.. i ordered The Ultimate Asian Chicken Wraps app, and in general, it was a good deal, yums all around. then i got the big dipper sandwich, and omgosh, the whole plating thing was WEIRD and i was not a fan! but b4 that, i found out that the sandwich has cheese caked on it, so i couldn't even peel it off, so they redid it w/o cheese and at no extra charge which i appreciated.. but yeah, the sandwich is a sub type w/ a bunch of prime rib meat stuffed into it lol (it had a weird smell but the meat tasted good lol, the bread got a bit soggy tho so i just ate the meat lol), it also came w/ a variety of fries w/ added flavor, and a big ass pickle (i'm a fan of certain pickles so i didn't mind and chomped on). so like i said, the whole plating of the sandwich was very awkward and messy. it's served on a cutting board type of 'plate' and it's cluttered like crazy w/ sauces in the corners, this weird downward slide for fries lol, and the sub that in my case was covered in thin onion rings which i just put to the side, oh and a big knife was stuffed underneath the sub for ur 'convenience' lol.. whoever thought this plating would be a good idea was an idiot, IMO, i would've much preferred a regular plate! the whole plating deal they did was just messy and i got crumbs everywhere... so while i'm eating, i noticed all the diners around me keep asking the servers about GF and his personality/appearances at the restaurant lol.. of course the servers are gonna say he's a great guy and whatnot, he's their ultimate boss! but yeah i may have been the only one who didn't do that lol, but i'm not gonna lie, it would've been cool as hell to see the guy in person that i watch on tv a lot lol.. anyway, the end came and there's an option to do a customer satisfaction survey which i appreciated. it's a lil handheld device inside the check booklet lol, i thought that was particularly creative and i hope GF/the management takes my comments seriously.
5	Nick L. Is the bomb, very attentive/informative. The mayor of flavortown is aptly named. #thebomb.
3	Took my mom and brother to check out this new spot by guy fieri. Really nice spot but things weren't exactly working smooth. They had just opened 10 days prior so I'll blame it in having to get all the kinks out. I ordered the dipping sandwhich which had extremely hard bread and was piled on way too high making it impossible to even dip. Not good. However my brother ordered the Mac and cheese hamburger which was amazing...as well as the churros we had for dessert. They messed up on the bill big time so they are going to comp my meal next time. Hopefully it's a lot better.-Joe
4	This was our first time in as we wanted to give a few weeks since the opening to work out the kinks. Pros:Excellent portion sizeFries actually COME with your burger!You won't leave hungryService was goodFood was better than expectedCons:Small place, if you go during busy dinner hour, you will definitely wait a long timeThe bar takes up much of the restaurantVERY salty foodPricey for a burger place but the size of the food seems to make up a bit for it, but you will still spend at least $17 on a burger and $4 on a sodaIf you like Iced Tea like I do, you will be disappointed that they use machine tea rather than fresh brewed (GUY, how could you let this happen????)The burgers were nicely cooked but REALLY salty.  My Off-Da-Hook Burger was missing the onion rings on it, the MAIN component!  When I requested to have the onion rings put on it, they brought me out ONE ring.   REALLY?  For a $19 burger?We will definitely go again at some point as all in all, not a bad place but we wish they would reduce the salt on everything. Still surprised to see that Guy would allow machine Iced Tea instead of fresh brewed though (and it was $4.).  Makes me almost wonder where the other short cuts may be in the kitchen.  I recommend giving it a try as you will not leave hungry as I have in the past with another recent celeb chef burger place.............
5	Honestly the best burger I've ever had. Mac and cheese burger. Comes with four different types of fries. Ask for a side of ranch for the fries. Creamy and garlicky. YUM! A must go when in vegas. Aside from the food the atmosphere was great and the staff was very friendly. Oh and love the skull napkins. Had to buy a pair to take home.
2	I ate here while staying in the quad hotel with my boyfriend we wanted something close by and it looked like a nice restaurant. We didn't have too much time to wait.  The waiter was very nice we both had a big lunch so wanted something small and not too much carbs so went with the chilli. I just had a few spoonfuls and my stomach started to feel really sick couldn't eat any more might have been too spicy and salty. My boyfriend ate all of his but spent the night extremely ill I felt really sorry for him. I won't be racing back to try the chilli it needs to be improved.
4	Let me start with saying the service was excellent.  It did take longer than I think it should have to get seated by the hostess for it not to be crowded. But not a crazy wait and they were nice.  I had the Original Smash Burger and my friend had the Tatted Turkey Burger.  The meat patties are larger than the bun. They also come with assorted french fries which I love.  My burger was delicious however if I order a burger again I would order it Medium as all burgers are made medium well. I wish my burger had more bbq sauce on it, however I devoured it so fast I didn't have time to ask for an extra side.  The turkey burger was good as well but not as good as the the smash burger.The portions are healthy so unless you are with a group it is hard to even want to order and appetizer.We shared the fried ice cream sundae.  A terrific idea, since I love deep fried ice cream and think the best one comes from El Torito when they use chocolate chip ice cream.  The idea was good execution poor.  It comes with a side of caramel syrup, chocolate syrup, whipped cream, bananas and peanut butter, pineapple, and strawberries.  All the sides were great it was just the fried shell was not up to par.  The cornflakes were bland and seemed stale tasting.  Maybe needing to be fried longer or something.  It just wasn't what I hoped for.  Regardless my inner fatboy still devoured it.I would definitely come back I want to try the Triple T fries along with some other dishes.  You can also use your Total Rewards Card to pay for your bill so that was great all I had to do was leave the tip.
5	Our server Adrian, was well versed in the ingredients of cocktails and all entrees.  Manager Stephanie even added more details about Guy's and ensured we had a fantastic birthday celebration at our table of 5.   Presentation and quality of food was outstanding.   See pictures on this site for details.   Great night.
4	This was my favorite burger place in Vegas hands down! The fireball whiskey wings are a must! Trust me you'll love it. You can't go wrong with any burger. The tacos portion were a bit small in my opinion so I would stay away from those... I'm sure they're delicious but they don't come with the fries. Service was great but they didn't get the five stars because getting our food and getting seated took forever. They didn't answer when we tried to make reservations either. But this place is a great spot for a burger!
4	Great joint! I really enjoyed their food and their overall ambiance. The restaurant opened not too long ago so the wait for a table is ridiculous during the weekend and unfortunately they do not allow reservations. The restaurant decor is great and I love the employees uniforms, they are super cute! We ordered the macaroni and cheese burger and the carne asada tacos! They were both great! The bread was soft, the meat very juicy and the overall flavor was exquisite. The only bad part was the taster flights.. For $35 you get 4oz tasting of 16 beers. The bad part is that the "tasting" included ordinary beers such as blue moon, PBR, miller light, sierra Nevada well you get the idea.  Who has not sampled those cheap beers before! I felt like it was a joke! The good part is that you get a T-shirt! I would totally recommend this place!
4	Everything is BIG at Guy's Vegas Kitchen & Bar.  Most vegas restaurants don't always live up to the hype that's built up around them.  This place had only been opened couple weeks when i went and was overpacked.  From the moment you walk in, you see Guy's portrait and books to remind you of where you are.  But it's the little touches that makes this place unique.  Napkins themed with spanish Dia de Muertos art to big wooden clipboard menus.  It's different with a unique touch of styleThe food is out of bounds as you might expect.  Big burgers to giant onion rings served on a metal pipe rack.  The cocktails did not dissapoint and i suggest you try some of them.  The star of the night was their peperoni wrapped breadstick fondue.  I ordered their champion Mac n Cheese burger and it was huge!  burger was decent but the meat could have been seasoned better.  Finally we ended up sharing the recommended fried ice cream sundae, which is a masterpiece.  I will be returning to Guy's restaurant and that's saying alot since the choices are usually endless in Vegas.  The atmosphere is electirc and the staff is great.  I'm impressed with the new Linq area and this restaurnt surrounded by the Quad is a nice addition to the Vegas night life.
4	We were seated quickly. The staff was very friendly.  My husband ordered the 67 cajun sandwich. He liked the sandwich but was disappointed that it was not as spicy as described on the menu.  My sandwich was very delicious as well... No disappointments for me.  The assortment of fries was pretty neat.  We were both very impressed by the iced tea. Generally we drink or tea sweetened but the tea was so delicious that we didn't need to add sugar.  We would suggest trying this dig.
4	Decided to grab a bite here before our High Roller experience.  I ordered the drunken fish tacos....one word: delicious! I tried  a piece of my sisters burger and it was just as delicious as the tacos.  I loved how there side order of fries came with a variety of fries (straws, waffle and steak fries).  I underestimated this restaurant and I would highly recommend trying this restaurant out when in Vegas!
3	Service was great first off! The Quad still smells like the old IP though. Cocktails were great the "lemon drop martini-not"was really good. It's good..really it's just called lemon martini-not.We orderedthe wonton sashimi tacos and those were AMAZEBALLS!The lollipop chicken wings were also quite good. We got the Parmesan garlic kind.The burger w/Mac cheese was so-so but not bad at all. 3 stars because he failed on the smores dessert! It seemed like a big slab of carb infused with not so chewy marshmallows and chocolate sauce...I didn't taste any graham cracker at all because it was all fried up and was really soggy. Definitely a big fat "F" more like epic fail!All in all pretty cool spot for bar bites!
5	All the food is great. I've never hard a bad meal at any of his restaurants. The service was wonderful. I had the chicken tacos & the wife had the pulled...pork sandwich. Both were delicious! We also had dessert which was fantastic.
4	I would give this place 5 stars if I thought I'd get away with it! Was looking for a great burger for my birthday feast and was amazed with the Mac and cheese burger,, so good!! The service was top notch despite having a young crew and manager Melanie personally came by and checked on me a few times. That's how service is done and this place is in my top ten for sure. Thanks for the birthday shot as well Nick!
4	Burgers, Tacos, Wings, & Beer.. everything you'd expect from a diners, drive-ins, & dives professional!The Quad is really starting to shape into an attractive Vegas casino.. as long as you don't see their hotel rooms. hahaThe addition of Guy Fieri's restaurant, along with Hash House, really steps up the food game in this area of the strip..Food: Going through the menu, there weren't a lot of fancy-shmancy ingredients or toppings.. just your classic all-American foods assembled into fantastic combinations.I decided to go with the Mac+Cheese Bacon Burger.. the ultimate burger throw-up! The patty: very thin but wide, coming out of the burger covering the entire bottom bun.. while the bacon and mac&cheese slightly oozed out on top of the patty. This is the true definition of a "beautiful mess". Very tasty burger, loved the 5-cheese mac&cheese and the simple "backyard BBQ" grilled type of burger. The fries that came with the burger came in 3 types: ridged, curly, and wedges.. awesome!We also ordered the Triple-T fries which was like truffle overload with gouda. We didn't get to try any of the specialty cocktails.. there were many interesting concoctions that we'll definitely try next time.Ambiance: I'd describe it as an Ed Hardy-themed restaurant.. even the napkins had skulls. haha. A lively restaurant with high, exciting energy. If you're there for lunch, definitely sit outside.. you get the view of the walkway between Harrah's and The Quad, and the front of Caesars. I'm not sure how it is at night but probably crazy loud with Harrahs' Carnival court right next door.Service: Staff was great.. there were two consistent servers continually checking on us. It was a bit of a wait for our food to come out but I give them a little leeway since the restaurant's still brand new.Tips: Don't pass up this place if you're torn on what to eat on the strip. Grab a burger, a few drinks, and enjoy!
5	Fabulous food both in presentation and taste. Excellent service. Only complimented an only added to a great night.
5	The decor, service, and food were all on point!!I am so glad that I ate dinner here tonight. We ordered the Mac n cheese burger and the original, and split them. Both were awesome! Juicy and flavorful, pretty much perfect. Our server was Chris and he was awesome. I cannot saying anything bad. Try this place out, just skip the appetizer. There is plenty of food without it.
4	Menu, decor & atmosphere reflect the man.We went with friends & shared the Chinese take out salad & a Burger. The kitchen was kind to split the burger for us. Food was fresh & good portion sized. Our daughter wants to try it so we will be back...don't know why NY bashed him but his menu is more West Coast flavor
4	I LOVED the atmosphere in this place.  The view into the kitchen had me staring at the cooks making, prepping and sending out orders like crazy.  The staff was super friendly and great to look at.  They were all upbeat and talkative too.  I got the Mayor of Flavortown Burger with fries.  Honestly, I was hungover and nauseous from the night before which is probably why I didn't appreciate the food as much as I did.  Looking at all the food coming out I wish I had a chance to go back and try everything.
5	One word...awesome! I loved their system of texting you when your table was ready. Our server was phenomenal. It did take a while to get our cocktail drinks. But our food came out fast, I'm glad we didn't order any appetizers! I had the mac & cheese bacon burger. It was everything I thought it could be and more. It was just delicious and I highly recommend it. It's cooked medium well but was still really juicy and loved the mix of fries you receive with it. It's a big burger and will get messy, but you will enjoy it!  My friend had the turkey burger and she liked hers as well. It was a great time, and the staff was very friendly. Thanks Guy! :)
4	Came here with a friend last week. Wait time was about 45 minutes, but at least they text you when your table is ready so you can wander or gamble. When we got the text we were seated promptly. Our table was in the patio which was nice, but the band at Carnival was a bit too loud (luckily they only had a few songs left before the end) and the table was slanted/wobbily. I cracked a joke about it with the waiter, but he just made a comment saying it wasn't so bad. We had issues where if one of us took our hand off the table it would lean to the otherside possibly spilling our drinks.Onto the food. We split an order of General Tso's lollipop wings which were great! They came with crystalized peanuts, wasabi peas, and brown rice chips to dip them in. I really wanted to try some wings here after seeing the pictures of it, unfortunately these were the only ones that sounded appetizing. I wanted some more traditional spicy wings, but the closest one to that was the Fireball wings (which I'm not a fireball fan) and they had spicy bbq sauce on it. I'm glad we got the general tso's.Main course we both got burgers and split them. We got the Mac'n'Cheese burger and the other one I forgot the name for (onion rings, kicker sauce, and bbq sauce). Both were good, I was worried the Mac'n'Cheese burger would be way too heavy and it wasnt overloaded with it. Overall the food was great, the service was good, the only complaint I really have is that slanted table we got. I would definately come back to try some of the other offersings.
4	So let me first tell you I love Guy Fieri so much, so I had to visit his new restaurant. The atmosphere is great with cool decor and amazing service. We sat at the bar because unfortunately they do not take reservations. But the bartenders who helped us were hilarious and very attentive. It was my friends 21st birthday and they gave us some free shots. We first ordered the fireball chicken wings and they were one of my favorite things, such a good spicy sweet hot sauce. We also had the nachos and crispy tuna tacos and they were okay, I would skip those. But the Mac and cheese burger was soooooo good with crispy bacon and amazing gooey mac and cheese. Oh and last but not least we had the cheesecake with potato chips and pretzels that was absolutely amazing, I have an obsession with salty sweet desserts. Hands down I would go here anytime I'm in Vegas at the end of the trip, because you will leave stuffed and feel very snorlax/ whale like and all that fat will help soak up the liqueur from the days before that you can't remember.
4	Ate here in May 2014.  Delish!!!! A group of 4 ordered the nachos.  They are amazing and enough for 4.  I then had the Mac n cheese burger - bc really, I was at Guy Fieri's restaurant and felt I had to.  It was AMAZING!! You might want to walk for an hour or so afterwards b/c its a million calories.. but very worth it :) Highly recommend this place!
5	Great food from a funny guy. Everyone loves food but no one loves making food to share more then Fieri. Took my wife there for lunch had a great Lagunitas on tap superb. Onion rings, wings, mayor burger it was all great. Happy wife, happy life Service was great will be back next time in town.
5	I went here last night with my boyfriend just to try out something new. Plus he heard from one of his coworkers that it was great. I had the mac & cheese burger. I asked the server how it is & he told me it's their #1 best seller, so I decided to try it out. It was amazing! I already love mac & cheese by itself, but on a burger? It was amazing. My boyfriend had the original burger (don't remember what it was called) but it was really good & full of flavor. It was first on the list though. We also had their little fish tacos as an appetizer. That was also really good for a starter. Anyways, it was amazing & I would definitely go again.
1	2 words: FOOD POISONING!!!Let me start this by saying that I do not drink alcohol so that y'all don't think it was alcohol poisoning. I ordered the burger that had bleu cheese. I'm not quite sure what it was called, but i know it was $18.00. I also ordered the Vegas Fries as an appetizer for our table to share.The fries were nothing special. They are wedge cut and come with some sort of ranch dressing on the side. I really only ordered them because I LOVE bleu cheese. As soon as I bit into my burger, I told everyone sitting with me that the burger was not good. It was extremely dry and the meat was soooo thick it was hard to chew and even harder to swallow. Anywho, I did not like the burger but I ate it anyway because I was starving. I couldn't finish it because it was soooo dry. So I left a little less than half. I was completely unsatisfied but I did not care enough to send it back. We paid and went on our merry way to enjoy our last night in Sin City. I got back to the room and a few hours later I had to run to the bathroom to throw everything up. I'm sorry if this is too much info but it's what happened. I threw up 4 times and all 4 times it was the hamburger patty and the bleu cheese. It was the worst feeling ever. And then a little something else hit me, but I won't mention that. Around my eye area, I saw that I was starting to develop these little red dots all over and a little above my forehead. It had to have been an allergic reaction to the bad meat. Now I thought it was just me, but that morning when we were heading down to valet, one of the girls who was in our party but staying in a different hotel told me she threw up 3 times and it was ALL of the burger. She had the same burger as I did. Coincidence? I think not. 2 nights before, we had eaten at Gordon Ramsay's BURGR, and I had also ordered a burger with bleu cheese and I was perfectly fine. I hate to base my review on my experience but I can guarantee I'll never go back because just the thought of walking by there makes me sick to my stomach. I had to catch a flight back and I was terrified of not making it to the bathroom in time in case it hit me again. I will say this, even before I got sick, I did not like the taste of any of the food. Sorry for the TMI but I just needed to get this out there.
5	My Moms first trip to Vegas and we both really love Guy.....so when we saw that his restaurant had just opened about 30 days prior.....the service was great we were seated right away and got to sit on the patio which was great with the weather.  Our waiter was very informative on the menu and suggested the pepperoni wrapped breadsticks with cheese fondu. We love them!! I will be back just to have them! We also spit the drunken fish tacos and they had such a depth of flavor with all the ingredients. Remember to show your rewards card from the Total Rewards Program and save some $ we will be back....my husband must visit!
4	Unexpectedly good burgers. And no, I'm not a fan of celeb laden shoddy restaurants.Who would think that Guy Fieri could do better than Hubert Keller of Burger Bar, Gordon Ramsay BurGR, or Bobby's Burger Palace? But that's exactly what happened to me here.Try and let me know if you disagree.
4	I'm such a big fan of Guy Fieri & his shows! After hearing that he has his own restaurant in Vegas, I knew I had to check it out!Definitely that "All-American" feel to it! Live TV, loud music, and a great space! Upon walking in, the greeting and the hostesses, I felt, were awkward..We were seated and our server was Olga. She was pleasant and attentive!Now about the food..Portions are big, quality is good, but the items don't scream "to die for"..We had :* Java Guava - guava juice cocktail with a touch of alcohol* Parmaggedon Wings - brined and roasted Parmesan wings served with marinara sauce -- very tender, moist, flavorful wings!* Triple T Fries - truffle fries sprinkled with truffle served with truffle sauce -- def not as truffley as it sounds..* Drunken Fish Tacos - tilapia, avocado and fresh veggies -- nothing too impressive..* Mac N Cheese Burger - bacon, mac n cheese served on a brioche bun -- DELICIOUS!* Mexican Churros - fried churros with two dips : spicy chocolate & dulce de leche (my fave of the two!) Two other things -- they have big chunks of squared ice in the drinks which lasted forever, kept my water nice and cold! AND the side of ranch we had was AMAZING! Just the little, simple things that topped off the experience!Overall pleased with the service and food! Wouldn't mind coming back to try the other menu items!
4	I'm a huge fan of DDD and Guy Fieri, so I was excited to try the newest addition to the Quad Resort and Casino. Food: The menu is pretty much your regular burgers, tacos, wings but definitely with a gourmet twist. We went with the Mac and Cheese Bacon Burger. We originally had it cut in half to share, but it was crazy messy. The patty is pretty thin but super wide...way wider than the bun. The burger itself was really tasty, complete with the gooey mac and cheese and crispy bacon. I really liked the fries that was served with the burger. There were different types: curly, ridged, wedges, and I'm sure I found a regular fry in there as well. We also ordered the Triple-T fries which was just as it was described: Truffle+truffle+more truffle! Loved the truffle flavor and the shoestring style fries. We didn't get to really try anything else because we were so full, but I definitely want to try their cocktails and dessert next time.Ambiance: Alan L. described it perfectly: Ed Hardy-themed. And an extra touch of rocker style. The indoor seating area seemed a little small, but I would recommend sitting outdoors. The outdoor seating area sits right next to the walkway between the Quad and Harrah's. You definitely get a good view of people walking right by. Hopefully they see your meal and suddenly get a craving for some good burgers. Service: The staff was fantastic! Our servers were attentive and helpful. We did have to wait for our food but the restaurant was about a week old and they were pretty busy that day. Tips: Try out this place if you're wanting an overall good dining experience on the strip. And definitely opt for outdoor seating!
5	It was the best sandwich I ate while in LV. I will definitely go back to Guy's restauraunts  if I come across it again.
4	Awesome rings with kicked up ketchup. Husband had Carne Asada street tacos and I had Tatted Up Turkey Burger. Both were really good. Burger was big and with shredded lettuce a bit messy, just saying. Didn't stop me from eating it though. Could only finish half with the rings. Husband finished tacos (four small ones). Service was friendly and timely. Would go again.
5	This place put me in a food coma, in the best way.   Everything was melt in your mouth excellence.  Even the Dragon's Breath tasted like candy.   Mac and Cheese Burger was on point,  as well as the S'mores Monte Cristo.  I had to sit at the bar, but the experience was undwindled.  A definite recommend, but bring your appetite and your wallet.
1	Beyond disappointed and embarrassed to have taken my boyfriend's parents here last night. I'm a huge fan of Guy Fieri and was bummed to miss his Yelp Elite event last month, and was so excited to try this place. Epically backfired.GET THIS: Triple T Fries are delish, but don't eat the "creamy white truffle dip"- no flavor, seems to be sour cream. Oh, and they're $14, so consider yourself warned.The hefeweizen beer featured on the current menu is also damn delicious. Too bad it took 20 minutes and half of our meal to get to us.DON'T GET: MORGAN'S GREEK SALAD is plated poorly and difficult to cut up and eat the full romaine leaves. Only one piece of feta in the entire dish, fell off the plate due to the plating issue and was unable to eat it. The dressing was citrusy and not at all appealing. Only Greek components of this salad were the feta I couldn't eat and a handful of olives. There was no hummus in this dish as listed on menu, and the croutons were soggy.The MAYOR OF FLAVORTOWN is a dry burger with pastrami of questionable quality. Somehow it looked like brisket with a dark color and odd taste. The Dijon mustard was also flavorless. Served with crinkle-cut sweet potato fries that looked and tasted like they were from the grocery store bulk bag. Did not finish.MAYBE TAKE A GAMBLE:DOUBLE BARREL BBQ WINGS are cut lollipop style, which was visually pleasing and easier for my bf's dad to consume, and Guy's signature bourbon brown sugar bbq sauce was neither bold nor flavorful, making it even more palatable for a guy who hates spice but couldn't find anything else on the menu he wanted to take a gamble on. Good dish for the person who ordered it, but not something I can recommend.Service was also awful. As mentioned above, we waited 20 minutes for our beers. That is simply unacceptable. We also ordered a margarita that tasted like lemonade and did not seem to have any liquor in it- sent it back. Should have sent everything back, but at 1AM our options were limited, I didn't want to make a scene in front of my potential future in-laws, and quite frankly, we never saw our server.Receipt came in an iPhone holder, with the device, to complete a dining experience survey about our visit. I would have loved to. But the iPhone was out of battery and shut off. Seriously?!I am so embarrassed to have suggested this place and will not be recommending it.  Spending $100 to like an order of fries is ridiculous.Bad service + bad food = bad experience.
3	If you're looking for Flavortown, you'll find it right between Mediocreville and Ridiculousburg. Flavors are over the top. A mixture of so many bold flavors that compete with each other, hoping that you'll like at least one of the half dozen profiles. An embargo should be placed on Flavortown for their over the top ridiculousness of the bold flavors, crazy dia de los muertos meets affliction decor, and outlandish copywriting. The restaurant comes across as a parody straight out of SNL, but it's real. The parmageddon wings suffered from breading that was too thick and an overpowering parmesan flavor. The mac n cheese burger had so many flavors and ingredients that the beef patty was lost. And, by lost I mean the flavor. The patty itself was a mess -- weirdly shaped and thin as if a child assembled it then someone ran it over. No wonder they call it a meat blanket. The bun was great, but the rest of the burger was just an odd tasting mess. The order came with a mix of skinny, handcut, and waffle fries, all of which were pretty good.Expect long waits because of Guy's popularity. It's Applebee's on steroids. While it is a kid-friendly restaurant they don't have a kid's menu, meaning that little ones that will eat about five bites will have to order an adult sized item and will likely have plenty of leftovers.
4	So I definitely checked yelp and everyone is like order the Mac and Cheese burger. I don't typicality like Mac and Cheese on a burger thanks to the Cheese cake factory, but I went ahead and tried it. And I gotta say it was pretty good. Full of flavor and grease and fat - everything you want in a burger. It would definitely be perfect after a night a drinking and debauchery.I would eat this burger again.But the drinks... Were not that amazing. Especially for $12 and whatever you do, do not get the cilantro cucumber mess. Yuck. Yuck. Yuck.Last, and most important is the service. These waitresses were so nice. They were personable and helpful and attentive. I would definitely come back and definitely recommend this place to others.
5	Great place. Our server was Nick Cupp, he gave us some killer advice and hooked us up with the appetizers and entrees we wanted. Would definitely go back
4	Come hungry! Leave stuffed!After dining with them on the Grand Opening, I wanted to bring my husband to taste the magnificent creations of Guy Fieri.  We were greeted and seated immediately.  Awesome.  Within seconds, Nick the Sheriff, was over to introduce himself.  He was incredible and took great care of us during our dining visit.  Thanks Nick!We started off with the Rojo Rings to split.   So huge! So tasty! I love the dipping sauce it comes with.  Has a kick to it that compliments the rings.  We then split the Mac N Cheese Bacon Burger.  Since we told Nick, he had the kitchen already cut it for us.  We also had our own serving of French fries. Nice! I love the blend of every style of fry in one bunch on your plate.  As for the burger? Just as delicious as I remember.  So juicy and full of flavor.  I was glad we split it because I couldn't have finished it myself.  It is a great bar and grill that's full of life in a great location in the strip.  Don't forget to bring your Total Rewards card for the $1 discount on each menu item.  Your stomach will thank you for eating here!
5	Great food and staff. Didn't know it was here, as a fan of Guy, we decided to stop and glad we did. Asian Wraps were a big hit as were the Vegas fries. Our waiter Eric was great and manager Stephanie checked in with us and chatted. All the food that went by looked good. We will be back!
5	Tried this restaurant out and very happy.  Good was great and service was even better.  We'll be back.
5	The service was great! The nachos were amazing!!! Every chip was loaded and delicious! The server assistant, Christopher, was very attentive and great personality. He was awesome!!!
2	Average food. Just an expensive tourist spot on the strip. They should be using prime or grass fed beef for the prices they are charging for their burgers. I usually would recommend trying a place once so you can make your own decision, but not this place. Save your money.
3	We were here the weekend it opened, Easter weekend I believe. I was expecting more.The staff was wonderful, but then again they had only been open for a day or two. The menu is different. My boyfriend is a steak and potatoes type of guy and there was nothing on the menu he liked. Since it was lunch I decided to go with something safe, the nachos. My boyfriend HATED it. I ate some, but didn't really care for it.I will admit the burgers looked good. My only complaint was that EVERYTHING had a "twist to it". You couldn't just order a regular burger and fries. I would return with my girlfriends for a girls night out, but I wouldn't take any picky eaters with me.
1	Go somewhere else.  The food is very over priced and tastes terrible. The presentation/plating is well done but otherwise is a complete miss.
1	Terrible! We were so excited to try this place and all 3 of us were way underwhelmed. The server was nice and yet it still gets a 1 star. Had the Greek salad which was so gross, I couldn't stomach it. When my sister tried it her reaction was the same. How can you mess up greek salad? My husband and sister ordered the fish tacos and they were so bland and boring that they both just kinda went, "uh." We also tried the pepperoni wrapped pretzels that were super gross and the cheese sauce, while ok, was so salty when combined with the pretzels it was almost inedible. The fries appetizers were so tiny, thin cut, nasty and looked and tasted so cheap; and yet surprise, they were expensive!!! After spending $100 for lunch for 3 people (no liquor or desserts) we expected to really like at least one item but we were all very disappointed and didn't really care for any...and this is coming from the least picky eaters ever. Way better places out there! Try The Social House if you happen to like Japanese...it's way cheaper (don't let the fancy outside detour you) and all 6 of us were amazed at how good it was! Another one we tried in Vegas was Goodwich. Yes, it's a little scary on the outside and it's kind of a hot dog stand type set up that sells sandwiches but WOW, Amazing sandwiches!!! The 3 of us fell in love! Do yourself a favor and try anywhere else but here.
3	Food AWESOME!!! Service is terrible!  Waitress came to the table one time and then one more to "drop off the check".  Not sure if the reason for such poor service is because they are all unionized.  The get paid.  Too bad for guy...another tarnish on his name.  NY and now Vegas....maybe guy needs to open a restaurant in a right to work state.
3	I really wanted to Love this place! Great Rustic fun decor! friendly hostess and servers. The(Rojo Rings) onions Rings were Giant and breaded perfectly and just a little spicy..Yummy! I ordered a Pepsi since the only cold non alcoholic drinks were raspberry Iced tea( Isn't that a little played out by now?) sodas and Unsweetend tea!I  no Shakes nor Smoothies..a burger Joint without Shakes!1?? sigh! I could see as the server brought me the Pepsi it was flat..i swished around the drink & still no fizz..i pointed it out to her, she apologized & gave me water..Hubby really enjoyed his Mac n cheese Burger it was big enough to save half for later. I had a pulled pork sandwich on a pretzel bun. It was tasty. The food was a little pricey but food was tasty...I just wanted over the top goodness from Guy! oh and either a milkshake or Fizzy Soda!
2	My wife and I intended to go to a different restaurant at the same hotel, but the wait was too long. We checked out the menu and thought we'd give it a shot.  I suspect this place catches a lot of overflow, although it was not very busy when we went. Immediately upon entering you're greeted by a thirty foot Guy Fieri picture whose eyes tend to follow you, no matter where you go. Occasionally throughout the meal I made awkward eye contact with Guy. I felt judged. Seriously, it was a little weird.Service: three different servers asked us if we wanted drinks, which is better than no servers asking if you want drinks, but a little bothersome. Water glasses remained full and $12 mimosa and Bloody Mary were ok. Service was attentive overall, but didn't take our app plate when the entrees came, making it a bit crowded at the table. Food: for an appetizer we had the fondue dippers. The cheese sauce was decent, but the breadsticks were more difficult to manage than food should be. Long, dry breadsticks wrapped in pepperoni and dusted with Parmesan cheese. I don't know if they put them in the oven or what, but they were lukewarm and broke easily. Kind of messy. My wife had a Caesar salad and the dressing was not good, way too much cheese, and bland overall. It came with something called the "mega crouton" which looked like a bread boomerang.  No joke. She could barely eat any of it. $17 Caesar salad failure.  I had the mayor of flavor town burger, or something like that. It had pastrami on the burger with Asian slaw in a pretzel bun. Came with a fry medley. This is not the kind of burger you can pick up and eat, which was what I was hoping for. If you're dressed nice and away from your hotel, handle with extreme caution. I ended up dismantling it with a fork and knife, but it still wasn't anything special. The fries were good. We noticed some other diners having trouble with sandwiches, and I felt a little guilty when I didn't warn the table next to us when they placed their order for burgers.  We found humor in some of the decor and staff uniforms, and had a pretty good time despite the food, but your $95 with tip would be better spent elsewhere. I debated paying with cash so there would be no record we ever went there.
5	Delicious wings but felt cheated. Half of the wings was chopped off for the sake of representation
4	Decided to check this place out during our week trip to Vegas. Glad we did! The food was awesome. Even our kids liked all the food we tried. We only had a couple of appetizer, none of the burgers. We will have to try those next time.I would of rated 5 stars but our waiter was sort of blah. He was not bad, we did not have any problems. He just had no personality, but the rest of the staff was friendly and engaging. Next time we are in vegas we will be going back.
2	I wanted to update my review because the manager messaged me on Yelp inviting me back to the restaurant. I appreciate the fact that they are concerned with their customers feedback. Hopefully they will use the customer feedback and implement the necessary changes that should be made. They could start with either lowering their menu prices or purchasing higher quality product. I don't mind paying top dollar for top quality, but that is not what is offered here. I am not looking for a free meal. I just give honest feedback to inform other consumers. So, I want to be clear about why I gave them two stars on my review.I would give them five stars if the review was just based on their staff. The service was excellent. The staff is very friendly and attentive to the customers, as demonstrated by the manager showing concern about my review. The kitchen staff did a fine job on the preparation and the presentation of the food. I was disappointed with the quality of the product used in the perpetration. The prime rib in the sandwich and the meat in the burgers were not up to par. The chicken wings were average at best and extremely over priced for what you are served. Personally, I don't care for some of the flavor combinations on the menu.I want to be very clear about the fact that the kitchen staff cooked the food properly and presented it as they were supposed to. It was the quality of the product I gave two stats to, not the service or the preparation.I think my expectations of the food before I arrived led me to be so disappointed with the food. It is just average food though. It was not a bad meal and none of the food tasted bad. If the prices were not so high, I may have given them three stats. It is just not worth the money. The burgers are definitely not up to par with the likes of LBS, Bacchi Burger, and Gordon Ramsay Burger. I would even say Smash Burger and Fat Burger serves better tasting burgers.To be fair, I will conclude by suggesting that you give them a try and make your own decision on the quality and taste of the menu items.
3	The hosting system is terrible. The table for two we were seated at was available 15 minutes prior to when we were seated. Also there are 7 other empty tables and a lobby full of people. Now maybe they aren't asking for first available but we certainly did.Service so far is so so. We've had better for much lesser restaurants, but they didn't have a trendy name behind them they simply had to stand on their grub and advice alone.We both ordered a taco dish. Prices seem goldilocks not too cheap and not too high.   The tacos were okay, as mentioned in other reviews it's a little subpar but that's what I have come to expect in LV.   But keeping water flowing in my glass shouldn't be that difficult. Now the Border Grill was a bit higher in price but oh my gosh it was so good.  It was different but top notch... To me the quality exceeded the price.  I'm glad we tried it, just wish it was worth 5 stars.
2	Guy Fieri isn't exactly the most refined of the Food Network lineup of stars, but you would at least expect something decent if it has the dude's name attached to it. I mean, I have yet to be disappointed by any of the restaurants featured on Diners, Drive-ins, & Dives that I've visited.Well, so much for his namesake restaurant. Prices are in line with similar Vegas restaurants. That said, for the amount of money you're dropping, and the fact that the place carries a food celebrity endorsement, you'd expect a lot better quality food.Had the bacon mac & cheese burger, and it's a fantastic burger in theory. Execution, however, left a crap-ton to be desired. The burger was dry (not moist & juicy) and clearly flat-top fried and not grilled. Then they serve it to you on this narrow wooden plank, which certainly looked cool. But when it's a big, messy, burger, the serving plate was utterly useless. The fried goodies it came with were also served in an odd manner -- wrapped in wax paper and suspended from an aluminum-wire thing. Super messy -- all form, no function.Portions were, no surprise, massive. But when you consider the food was mediocre, it was just a plate full of blah. Ignore the Guy Fieri hype. No need to bother with this place.
2	The food is great, the prices are a couple more dollars expensive than they should be, and the service at the bar is below par for Strip restaurants.Will I go back?  Maybe, but definitely won't go out of my way.  There are a couple of gut-bomb burgers that I'd like to try because the nachos we had were pretty solid, but I will prepare myself for the inattentive service.  I actually expected better from something with Guy Fieri's name attached to it.One interesting thing about the beer prices, is that they are generally $7 for a pint, but they had 2 different Sam Adams that were the cheapest beer on the menu for $6 each.  Thank you for missing that one Guy Fieri pricing guy!
4	In Vegas there are to many choices but this was a great choice. I can't wait to go back. We tried three different burgers and for dessert we had to try the cheese cake.  You better be hungry.  Looks like he borrowed a few recipes from the Television SeriesDiners, Drive-Ins and Dives. Give it a try.
5	A conference has brought me to the Strip for 7 straight day. I have gone out to eat more times than I want to admit and Hands down, Guy's has been the best restaurant in all arena's...environment, service and Food. So good that my group came back for our last night. The Mayor of Flavor Town was epic and the Cheese Cake was down right sexy. This place should be here to stay. We will be back!!
5	YES!!!Welcome to Flavortown!  If you are a ultra picky foodie this might not be the place for you.  However if you like real good food with even better service this is the place for you to go!For an App our family of four had the nachos to share.  Really tasty.  The cheese and topping to chip ratio is better than any other restaurant I have been to.  The flavors are spot on.  Just enough spice to make it all really tasty.Mains were the street tacos (you got five small tacos with two dipping sauces), and the mac and cheese burger.  The street tacos were really good and almost overstuffed the small tortillas.  The burger was very good.  Too bad I didn't see the mac and cheese as a dish or side.  I would have ordered it.  Fries are also fantastic.  Just enough of a spice to make them a little different.  Warning the burger is messy.  You will get the napkin dirty.  Service was also really good, place has great food.  Hopefully he branches this concept out to more than Vegas.  I will be back!
5	Soooo AMAZING! Our party of three shared the Mac n cheese bacon burger and Picnic turkey sandwich. They were both full of flavor, unique, and so delicious. Our waiter, Adrian C, was as awesome as the food. Loved him! We went at 2:00 pm on a Friday afternoon and had just a short wait and once we ordered the food came out fast. My only complaint would be the snobby hostesses. Will definitely come again next time I'm in Vegas!
5	Went here shortly after it opened and was not disappointed.  Despite being busy we only waited about fifteen minutes to be seated. While we were being shown to our seats everyone working the bar gave us a big hello and warm welcome as we walked by which was cool. Awesome staff and fantastic food. We had Italian fondue dippers and Rojo rings for apps and they were both awesome! Next up was the Triple B Burger and the Big Dipper sandwich...wow! What an awesome place and not as expensive as you would think for a celebrity restaurant. Will definitely go back on out next night out on the strip!
2	Let me start by saying the service was great (besides the hostess who told us that she had texted us awhile ago and we had not gotten a text). Thomas L. was our server he and his help did a wonderful job serving and entertaining at the same time:). The actual food was another story. Another reviewer said it perfectly "it's Applebee's on steroids". Presentation is fun but not much flavor. I was really disappointed Guy!
3	I had Guys burger on a cruise ship this past year and loved the taste. I was happy to see the same exact burger offered on the menu and was excited to be able to have a burger closer to home than having to pay to go on a cruise. I notified my husband to brag about the burger because he would eat an average of 2 everyday on the ship. The burger had exactly the same condiments but it didn't taste the same.  Off The Hook Original Smashburger  I had here in Vegas had more bread, lettuce, bigger onion ring, but not enough sauce. I was disappointed with the taste and goes to show bigger isn't always better. I did enjoy the truffle fries on the menu.
3	The trendiness and atmosphere of this place will probably draw you in, but overall it just gets three stars from me. Plenty of presentation points, and the food was fairly good, but from a value standpoint, it falls short a bit. It's worth trying, however.
1	Let me start with the good. The waitstaff was awesome. Very nice. And helpful as this was my first time at the restaurant. Also were helpful when my son got sick at the table from eating the Fresno Chile that came with his bbq wings. Also they removed the pepperoni breadsticks from my bill when it was obvious they were not a hit with the table. Here is the bad: my son said the Wings tasted funny. So I made the mistake of eating them. I didn't pay attention to whether the meat was fully cooked. But the meat must not have been, because within one hour of leaving I became violently ill. I am on my third day of suffering the effects of the food poisoning. Ruined the last 2 days of my trip to Vegas. My friend's son got the runs from eating the hamburger. And my friend is still sick as well from the grease. We are pretty sure the issue was  uncooked chicken and old grease. We will not return to the restaurant. Which is sad because we only went to the restaurant because my son loves Guy Fieri.
4	I really had no expectations for this place but they really proved me wrong.  The service here is crazy good.  Nick was knowledgeable and fun.  The burgers are huge, enough that we split one.  Even though they were huge, you can taste the quality of the burger.
2	The place is nice and the customer service is pretty good. I expected a lot more from the food. I got an original stash  burger. The buns taste just like store bought buns and they get soggy with everything they put in them. The beef patty was dry and had no flavor. I ended up leaving most of the soggy buns and eating everything else. The fries are pretty good though. I expected a lot more, especially from a $15+ burguer. Ever heard of GBurger down on socal? Now those are good burgers and for $15 you get a huge one that tastes 10+ times better
5	Triple T fries are to die for!   Lots of great other apps too!  Great service from Nick Cupp and Kevin.  Plus we got to meet someone famous.   Can't wait to come again!
2	I really wanted to like this place, but sadly it was a let down. The service was ok - mostly friendly staff (there are tons of them in very uncomfortable-looking uniforms), our food came out promptly... Maybe a little too promptly. Presentation was great, but it highly lacked in flavor. My fish tacos were bland - no spice factor at all - and when I asked for some hot sauce my choices were Sriracha or Tabasco. Uh... What the hell? Come on Guy, you can do better than that. My buddy ordered chicken wings that were supposed to be "so hot they should be illegal", but they were not. Bottom line: it's factory food for the masses with little to no finesse where it counts, which I suppose is perfect for that tourist trap area of Vegas. Guess I should have seen that coming.
4	The Quad is on an upgoing trend when it comes to hotel standard and restaurants within it. Guy fieris restaurant isnt an exception. With a fun and unique menu combined with great service all adds up to a good experience. Portions are presented in cool way, size leaves most of us pleased and flavors are twisted in a new way.It can be a line so be there early or get ready for some waiting!
3	Went here for lunch on a weekday.  Saw the menu online and it looked tasty.  The hostess and server were great!  I ordered The Big Dipper and the wife ordered a caesar salad.  She loved her salad, and I didn't love my Big Dipper.The dish itself was good.  I love that for fries you get every imaginable fry possible.  Regular fries, waffle fries, pub fries, you name it, you get it.  That was a nice touch.  The crispy onions were great on top of the sandwich, the horseradish was "on point" but man, I gotta tell ya, the prime rib was just too fatty.Listen, I know that fat = flavor so you have to leave some of that in there to make a good tasting sandwich.  And I wanted so bad to eat all of it because the flavor was great.  It was just too fatty; it felt like I was eating more fat than meat.And I get pricing on the Strip is going to be higher than normal, but even if that sandwich was perfect, it wouldn't have been a $20 sandwich.I would go there again, but try something much different.
5	When you come here (not if) you must request Chris Anderson. He was fun, charismatic, and informative! He was very knowledgeable on all the different dishes and expressed his own opinion. It was an enjoyable experience all around! Service was incredible!However...the crushed wasabi pea sauce for the wings was heavy on parmesan and the pickles for the burgers/sandwiches were sweeter than I expected.Oh and if you decide to do the 16 4-oz beer tour, check ti make sure they have your t-shirt size in stock...if yhey don't they eill exchange the size they give you for the size you want when you come back!Bottom line: dishes were sweeter than expected,  but the service was sweeter!
5	Possible one of the top places to eat on the strip. Friendly staff and awesome bartenders. The food is amazing, Guy out did himself once again.
5	We are big Guy and DDD fans.....this did not disappoint.  Staff was fun and very attentive.  They knew the menu well and offered suggestions.  The "challenges" were not advertised....had to over here of them.  The reward card is nice as well.  We had the flavor town burger......wow great flavors, pastrami, cole slaw, onion strings, burger just the right amount of sauce.  All look and are enough to split.....we recommend and will be back!
3	I had very high expectations for Guy Fieri's restaurant at the Quad.! Unfortunately, I left feeling underwhelmed. Customer service was very good. Upon arrival, my group and I were immediately greeted by a group of hostesses. There had to be at least four of them standing there. They were nice but also very nonchalant. Maybe that's because it wasn't really busy on a Wednesday night and they all really didn't have anything to do. One escorted us to our table and we were almost immediately given water. About ten minutes after getting the water, our server approached us and gave us the menus. He also asked if we had any questions about anything on the menu or about the restaurant. He was very polite, informative, and attentive. I ordered the '67 Cajun Sandwich and my friends ordered the Big Dipper Sandwich to share. I also ordered the "Lemon Drop..Not" cocktail and the S'mores Monte Cristo dessert. The '67 Cajun Sandwich was just alright. I expected the bread to be soft, but I believe it was sourdough so it was a little harder than I prefer. The meats were seasoned well and the hot sauce added a nice tangy kick to the sandwich. I really liked the fact that they serve different types of fries: crinkle, waffle, and string. With that being said, the fries were not hot and tasted like they had been sitting in a warmer waiting to be served. When served fresh, McDonald's fries are better than these were.! Yes, I said it.!! The Lemon Drop Cocktail was sweet, lemony, and delicious. The S'mores dessert was very tasty and served with strawberry and chocolate syrups, although, I would've liked for it to be served warmer. My friends enjoyed there Big Dipper sandwich with Au Jus sauce and left happy. (Partially because they didn't have to pay for dessert..Lol.) So service was good and the food for me was just okay. It definitely was not the best "American Diner" I've been to. I'll have to go back and try some other things on the menu and maybe update my rating, but for now 3 stars is all it's getting from me.!
1	We're Las Vegas locals and have eaten at many "celebrity chef" restaurants on the Strip. In my opinion, the bigger the TV "star", the worse the restaurant. In that sense, Guy Fieri's did not disappoint. We went about 5:30 p.m. on a Thursday and it wasn't too crowded. Unfortunately, half of the indoor seating was in direct blinding sunlight. As in you had to wear sunglasses during the dinner to not be blinded. And sadly, many patrons did wear them. Seriously? Not acceptable. Then our waitress (I don't think she ever told us her name, which is lucky for her so I can't call her out) disappeared and barely to our order and had to be asked several times to refill our waters. She never even came back to take our cocktail order after I told her I needed a few extra minutes to order. Oddly, she was extremely attentive to the table next to us. Even then, our glasses sat empty forever. The food was salty, over sized portions and over priced. $19 for a pulled pork sandwich. That's high even by the Strip prices. Did I mention it was SALTY? Thus the constant need for our water refills. Even though the Mexican Churros that the table next to us ordered for dessert "looked" delicious, we had had enough and opted out of spending any more time or money there.
3	Fish, steak and chicken tacos were good but the chili was a little too spicy. Cleavage, not prompt service, is the strong suit here. We ordered  4 flights of beer, only two of which came while will still had food on the table. Had to ask a few times to get our other two flights. Tshirt that came free with the beer was not 100% cotton but at least the design was good. High noise level. Don't try and negotiate a contract here!
5	I've been fortunate enough to dine here three times since it's opening. Guy Fieri's Vegas Kitchen is located inside The Quad Hotel & Casino. If you're familiar with Guy Fieri on TV and his personality. You will see it echoed prominently in the look & design of his restaurant. Even the attitude & energetic atmosphere exuded by the employees represent Guy Fieri's style. Of course, if you find Guy Fieri's persona & shows unappealing, this would not be the place for you.I've tried the Tatted-up Turkey burger, '67 Cajun chicken sandwich & mac & cheese bacon burger entrees. All were awesome, full of flavor. Each comes with a fry mix & the burgers are massive. The mac & cheese was quite rich. Some might find it too much so, but heck, theres mac & cheese in there, what do you expect right? The '67 surprised me in that the blackened chicken was super tender & cooked perfectly.  And a tasty turkey burger is always a good thing.Their appetizers were all very yummy too. My favorites are the Rojo Rings, onion rings that come hanging on a pipe accompanied by a sriracha ketchup. The Guy-talian fondue dippers, giant breadstickers wrapped in pepperoni with a sausage & provolone cheese dip. I was even dipping my fries in the cheesy dip 'cause I loved it so much.Waiters & servers were very attentive & lively. I was also fortunate enough to meet Mike, the manager of the establishment. I would be willing to go out of my way to The Quad just to come to Guy Fieri's. I do find it interesting that one of the low end hotel casinos on the strip is home to two great food spots. Hash House and here. Definitely earns a 5 star rating in my book!
3	Had a quick bite to eat here last night and the food was good but it wasn't fantastic.  The service however was not good at all.  Our server was Shelby and she was not attentive in any way.  She did not ask if we have any questions about the menu nor did she offer to tell us her recommendations. We ordered 2 items from the menu and 2 beers.  I had the summer ale and the hubs had a lager.  She brought the beers out and mistakenly gave me my husband's.  I didn't know and I took a couple of sips before my husband realized it.  We ordered the whiskey spicy wings and the drunkun fish tacos, both were good but the wings were not spicy. The server brought the food out, laid them on the table and disappeared.  It would be nice of her to offer a couple of plates...  we had to ask for it when she reappeared which was a while later. Towards the end of the meal, she did ask us once how the food was but as soon as she asked the question, she looked away to check on the next table, never looking back at us for our response.  Finally what I found to be the most rude is that she never thanked us for coming.  She handed me the bill without saying anything!!!  And the same thing when she handed me back my credit card and the slip.  I will come back to eat here but definitely hope another server would be taking care of me.
4	Great food but not for kids. I know, I know, who takes their kids to Vegas. I drove out to Vegas from California for a high school graduation. Anyways, waitress was great, food was awesome. Atmosphere is nice. Freakin awesome cloth napkins and cutlery. A kids menu would be nice. Sorry, it was a family trip.
3	I wanted to really like this place because the food looks amazing but it was just okay. The portions are also enormous and I normally wouldn't mind but I feel bad for wasting when the food just isn't that great! First off, the atmosphere is really fun and lively and our waiter was friendly. We came as a party of 5 and we had no wait going at 11pm on a Sunday. Our drinks were kept full and our food arrived in a timely manner. Fondue dippers $13- pretty good flavor and their cheese sauce had a nice tang to it.Mac + Cheese Bacon Burger $17- pretty dry and over cooked :( also nothing really popped in flavor, it was kind of under-seasoned. For how tall the whole burger was, the beef was probably only 1/4 an inch thick at most. I picked at the Mac & Cheese and that by itself was pretty bland. One thing I really liked was that your $17 Burger comes with fries, you don't have to order it a la carte like most Burger places on the strip. However, the fries were pretty stale and too crunchy, but wayy too seasoning! Also, the serving board it comes on is ridiculous. It looks really nice but it's way too small, three of us that got burgers asked for extra plates otherwise it would end up on our laps.Off Da' Hook Burger $16- I didn't try this one but boyfriend basically said the same thing I said about the Mac & Cheese Burger.Lava Rock Shrimp Tacos $17- I didn't try these as well but my friend said she really liked them even though she took all the toppings off lol.S'mores Monte Cristo $10- this thing was rock hard!!!! I had to use my burger knife to cut through it and I could barely taste the chocolate and marshmallow :( way overfried. The raspberry dipping sauce it came with was really good so it saved it from being a complete fail. Cheesecake Challenge $12- another huge portion of eh. Cheesecake tasted like something I could buy at Smiths or Albertsons. Impressive looking but not impressive in flavor.Maybe it was an off night of everything being overcooked but overall, another case of where food looks way better than it tastes. $175 worth of mediocre food. The price isn't the issue since the portions are huge and comparable to other burger joints on the strip but the quality of flavor just wasn't there. I still think Gordon Ramsey's BurGR and Holsteins are my favorite. I would even prefer Bachi Burger.  My boyfriend and I didn't care for it, maybe we are spoiled here in Vegas? But the other three that were visiting from Solvang, CA really loved it. So idk...try it for yourself I guess!
5	What a great surprise! We live in Vegas and normally don't go to the strip to eat. But this place does it right! Started with the nachos. Seriously delicious. And they pride themselves with zero "naked nachos". They hit the mark. Had the pulled pork and rock shrimp street tacos for our main meal. Great tasting. Large portions. And to top it off, the fries that cd with the pulled pork are mixed! So you get waffle fries, steak fries, and skinny fries all together! Bonus! Customer service was great. Prices were extremely reasonable (especially for a strip restaurant). Highly recommend making this a go-to place for any meal while you're in Vegas!
3	It was OK.  I got the mac n cheese bacon burger which was super messy and hard to eat! I knife and fork'ed it :p I liked the outer well-done edges of the patty (I like well-done burgers) and any bite with bacon. The rest was "eh." It came with fries that tasted like barbecue chips - and I'm not much of a barbecue chips kind of person :/ My dining companion ordered their rock shrimp tacos which she finished. Either she was very hungry or she really liked them :p The portion wasn't huge though.We got there sometime after 11am and it wasn't too busy, but it started to fill up soon after. We sat outside where it was sort of shady, sort of not, depending on where you sat. We had the outermost seating which got a little bit of sun so it felt quite hot at times in that 100 degree heat! Plus it was a bit smoky as it's so close to the Quad's open-air casino entrance. Oh, and tables were packed kind of close together. But I love outdoor seating on the Strip so I dealt with it all :)Service was pretty good. We received proper greetings upon entrance and exit, and we never had to wait too long for anything. A manager even came by to see how things were going, and we were given a survey to fill out at the end of our meal. So clearly they are aiming to please their customers, which is good.Overall, food was just ok and service above average. Three stars for you, Guy Fieri.
3	I have been wanting to try this place out for awhile. So went here with a few friends. I ordered the sashimi tacos. Its basically 4 mini tacos from the appetizers. They were good but just needed a little bit more flavor. I thought if they added 1 more taco then it would be worth spending $14 for it. The sashimi was fresh and the shells are a soft crisp. They broke apart pretty easily. Also tried the chicken wraps. Its only enough for 3 people. They give you only 3 pieces of lettuce and assorted chicken. Its ground chicken, skewered chicken and chicken egg rolls. My friends had a regular burger and and a turkey burger. Both dishes came with 3 or 4 assorted fries. It had good sized portions.For a drink, I got the Java Guava. Really good. It had a little spice to it. It came with a jalapeno on the side. Dessert, we ordered a simple mint chocolate chip ice cream with oreos. Nothing too special. It was just drizzled in fudge and oreos. Also a good portion. Its enough for 3-4 people.Overall, its an ok place. The location of the restaurant is facing the street. It also has outdoor seating. So people watching can be interesting.
2	I was lucky enough to be one of the first to eat here on their Grand Opening so I returned with my wife to try out some other items. We waited for a server for about 15-20 mins just to get a drink  order placed. The rest of the dinning experience our server was on point and very helpful and friendly. The food itself was just blah to me. I feel I was duped on opening night with flavorful food to make the tv personality look like a hero of sort. The off Da Hook burger. Loaded with lettuce and a giant onion ring pickles and a burger patty that was hard to locate. It brought back memories of a commercial saying " where's the beef??"Gen Tso's wings- the presentation was on point but the wings were not. Soaking in the sauce they lacked any kind of crispness. Rojo Rings- oversized onion rings with some good flavors. This was the only part of the meal that didn't disappoint. Too many other options to in LV to give this place another shot. I hate to spend money on disappointing food.
4	I had the six cheese Mac and bacon burger and it was delicious.  The fries were a nice touch as well.  The service was quick despite the number of people and the waitress was courteous and helpful.The ambiance is unique and we were able to eat on the patio which is pretty much right on the strip.I will definitely go back
3	Fancy burgers but when it comes down to it, $100 for 4 people to have a burger isn't quite worth it!
4	I had the Mac n Cheese burger, it was pretty much delicious! Not much else to say apart from the taste profile was just about perfect! Downside? Absolutely difficult to eat given how mahousive it was! Also... It was huge. I chopped it in half. My friend had the fish tacos which were described as 'mediocre'.... Service was far from adequate, we sat outside and our waters were not topped up fast enough, it was roasting! Finally... The manager wandered randomly to the table and asked how the meal was, here's the thing, he didn't identify himself and wasnt wearing anything remotely identifying him as an employee or a manager ... Creepy.
5	Loved this restaurant :) amaze balls. Wow everything was on point I'm really happy I came here. Customer service 10, restaurant 10, food 10. If your thinking about going here get of the phone and get your behind there now !!! . We started of with a cocktail the famous guava drink it was bomb! Then we got some wings the ones with the whiskey and if your worried if there going to taste like alcohol not at all they were delicious, after that we tried the mac and cheese burgers wow they were great I just didn't know how to start eating it and the FRIES wow the best fries ever they have different types of fries mixed like waffle fries, the regular stick looking ones and crisscut fries they had some seasoning that reminded me of the BBQ ruffles for some apparent reason . Sorry this review is so long but I just want to show u how amazing everything was :)
5	I tried this place on Saturday for the first time!  The service was great.  Fast drinks and food orders.  The food itself was really good.  I had the mayor of flavortown burget which was really fantastic.  The desserts are a bit on the insane side in terms of size / quantity.  When I was there for lunch the place was packed, buzzing and had a good Vegas feel !  If you're on the strip - I suggest you drop in and try it out !
5	Amazing! Amazing! I had the Mac and cheeseburger! One of the best burgers I have ever had. We also ordered the onion rings and fondue dippers and those we're very good also!  Waitress had the best sense of humor and our drinks we're being refilled constantly . Can't wait to go back here!
4	You are definitely paying for the name, to a certain extent.  The food is good, and certainly unique.  Pepperoni-wrapped breadsticks were quite tasty.  Burgers were good, but a bit overcooked.  Nice to have four-five types of potatoes on the side, but the way they are served makes a mess.  Make sure to join and give your casino player's card to save a buck or two.
3	I had the Mac and cheese burger, and my girlfriend had the turkey burger.  She described it as the "best turkey burger she has ever had".  My burger was really good as well.  The fries that came with it were pretty cool... They gave you an assortment of types (waffle, shoestring, curly, etc). It was a lot of food... We also had the s'mores monte cristo .  Not my favorite dessert... The description didn't say that it was deep fried (like a doughnut) but it was.  We didn't finish it.The restaurant itself was really pretty cool... But I think most of the restaurants I Vegas are... They certainly charge enough.  We had 2 specialty cocktails at the bar while we waited for our table (that we're really good and the bartender as really cool)  that cost us $24 plus tip and then our burgers,  1 more rail drink and a dessert for a little more then $60.Overall, I would recommend this restaurant if you want a really good burger while your on the strip
4	Mac n cheese burger and the onion rings were huge and delicious. Our waitress was awesome too.
2	Guy-ism: We'd be hitting up the Linq like some Kulinary Gangstas and we had to stop in to try my brah Fieri's new place. English Translation: The Linq was flooded, half the stores shut down, so under coercion of my non-foodie bf, who for some reason has a man-crush on Guy, we tried Fieri's new place. Guy-ism: Yo brah, I love yo' show and that, but it's some seriously messed up grub you servin' up there. Translation: The food stinks, waaaay overpriced, filled with tourists and every cheesy wannabe-cool, wannabe-foodie, marketing slogan is used here. Guy-ism: Yo, I've never been more excited about Drunken Fish Tacos since my frat days, but man, these blow. Damn, talk about a buzz kill, it's like finding out Amanda, the hot, redhead chick has the clap or somethin'. It may be slam-drunk, but damn if I'm doing any slamming. Translation: For $18 you get ammonium-smelling TILAPIA. Yeah, ok Guy... for $18, at least serve some seared ahi. The radish or ginger on top is gross. The tacos tastes plain, maybe they forgot the mojo de ajo??? Guy-ism: This place is money. Yeah, like it's going to cost you a lot of money! Dude, I know we be all gangster and thug and sh*t but 70 dead presidents for lunch is not cool. Translation: Fish Tacos, overly greasy Philly Dip Sandwich, one cocktail is the same price as a NY Steak dinner off-Strip. Yeah... screw you Guy and your man-crushes.
4	On our first visit here, the week it opened, the hostess have us a quick mini tour as she was taking us to our table. On our next visit, we didn't get that.The first time, we sat outside, which was actually pretty nice. It's rather loud, but the people watching is awesome and you can hear / somewhat see the bands playing at Carnival Court. On our second visit, we sat inside at a high top. Avoid this at all costs. The high-tops are way way WAY too close together and super awkward. Our sever even apologized for how awkward it was. The ambiance and space are cool. Has a definite Guy feel to it. It reminds me of a nicer and newer Tex Wasabi's (Sonoma Valley location). I was super SUPER excited to come here because of one thing: Vegas fries! As you might notice on my profile here on Yelp, Vegas fries would be my last meal. The Vegas fries at Tex Wasabi's are just a total dream. But alas, they are all different here. At Wasabi's, they are thin fries, covered and drenched in hot sauce and Parmesan crumbs. Drenched, but still crispy. Here, they're giant twisty fries. And you get a shot of hot sauce to pour over them. Hint: Right away when you order them, order extra hot sauce and extra blue wasabi sauce. The blue wasabi dipping sauce is insanely delicious. I could eat it by itself with a spoon. Seriously. God bless Guy Fieri for coming up with this. So while the Vegas fries aren't the same, they're still tasty. And the portion is huge. 4 stars.So on to the wings. Have I mentioned how much I love hot wings? The Fireball whiskey wings have a fantastic flavor and are served with the divine blue wasabi sauce. 4 stars. The Parmaggedon wings are mostly breading and were too dry and overdone. They're served with a marinara dipping sauce which was tasty. 2 stars. The wings themselves are kinda fatty and don't seem like the best quality. If they were better quality, they'd be more stars.Be wary of the beer flight deal. We were told it was $11. But that's actually $11 per each series of 4 beers. We were quite shocked when we received our bill. But after asking the waitress, she knocked the price back to what we thought it was. The full tasting is 4 series of 4 beers. And if you drink them all, you get a t-shirt. James O. and I were sharing, so our server was really nice and let us each have a t-shirt. Very cool. Fair warning: The beers are mostly IPAs, and you should share as, well, that's a lot of f-ing beer.The frozen shots sounded intriguing to me, so I ordered the Fireball whiskey one. It was not frozen. It was totally room temp in a cold shot glass. Not at all what I was imagining.The fried sundae was so fabulous. Huge! Get it! It comes with a ton of toppings and you basically create your own fried ice cream sundae. We had a blast with this. 5 stars.On both visits, the servers were nice, friendly, knowledgeable of the menu, and attentive. All in all, I'll keep coming back. But I wonder if I can get the Vegas fries Tex Wasabi-style? They are quite better that way.
5	Love Guys shows always wanted to try his food and finally got the chance. This place did not disappoint we got the onion rings and the triple D burger and the 67 Cajun sandwich. They were all fantastic can't wait to go back and try some more items!
3	We had the pleasure of eating here twice in the same day.  Guy is the bomb, so we figured his joint would be, as well. The restaraunt is very nice and the open kitchen rocks.  The wait staff was fun and attentative.  All of the decor, uniforms, menu and experience  totalled up to be very Guyish.  Dug it. Our meals, however, were a bit up and down.  I'll describe each meal and dish seperately. LUNCH: 2 people - 0 wait timeApp: Ultimate Chicken wrap - this was very good.  Consisted of a few small egg rolls, a few chicken skewers, and lettuce wraps with three sauces (spicy sweet/sour, soy, satay).  This was a great start to the meal. Meal: Tatted-Up Turkey Burger.  It is big and awesome.  Great flavor. This comes with a medley of fries with a very good seasoning.  I, now, have a mission to find ancho bacon.  IMPRESSION: This was a great experience.  My wife and I loved our meal.  DINNER: 5 people - 20 minute wait timeApp: Rojo Rings:   Both of these were brought out quickly.  The onion rings were good and crispy.  They had good seasoning on the batter and the sauce was great.   Nachos Del Jefe: The Nachos (holy batman!) were killer.  These little chips are a sublime mix of mild chorizo and cheese that bring flavortown down to it's knees praying.  They are that good.Meal:Mac-N-Cheese Bacon Burger: Friend had this and loved it.  Victors Street Tacos: very average and small.  the tortilla's weren't really prepped at all. Friend stated that this was bland and needed more salsa. The Motley Que Sandwich: This was were the rails came off.  This sandwich is an exact replica of the Deli Cowboy from Jason's Deli.  It is a very saucy pulled pork.  All you can taste is a BBQ that I would expect any Joe Blow to be able to prep in their crock pot.  To make matters worse, the waitress stated that this sandwich was the absolute best thing on the menu.  I don't think the chick from Vegas knows what real BBQ should be.  When you have tp pay $20 bucks for it, it just makes you disappointed.  Dessert: S'mores Monte Cristo: This was ok.  It looks cool, but it came accross too greasy.  it is really big and all in all, too much grease and sweetness to eat all of it.... even for 5 of us sharing one dessert.  I would have marked this a 5 after lunch... but, a few pieces of the dinner made this a big dip.  That Pulled Pork sandwich should really, really be re-considered.
4	"Expensive, but, it IS on the Strip"One of the first questions I asked our server was, "Why are the prices SO high?" She said right off because they're on the strip - although you need to walk around the place into the Quad to find the entrance. As for prices, for their selections, especially the burgers, I have seen lower prices at various hotels along the Strip in Las Vegas.The burgers: With so many options for burgers along the Strip, I have become very picky about the taste of the MEAT in the burger, rather than just all the fancy toppings that places have been putting on their burgers to entice one to order. Three of us ordered three different burgers, and surprisingly, the meat on all three tasted different, and not from the toppings. We actually talked extensively about the different tastes of the meat alone, not the burger as a whole. So, while the burgers are overpriced, they were good. Many of my Las Vegas meat experiences have been that the meat is okay, just no special flavors in the meat itself. The burgers taste came mostly from the toppings.The fries were fries, although their standard fries that come with the burger are a mix of three - waffle, curly, and regular.Drinks - both non-alcoholic as well as the alcoholic - are very pricey.Service was good.Overall it was a "standard" Las Vegas establishment: pricey and themed. Although, I must say we were impressed with the quality and taste of the burger meat. (Which is why they got star #4.) However, I probably won't go back without a BOGO.
4	1st visit and the waiter recommended the Big Dipper. I was satisfied. Didn't care for the assorted fries. Too crunchy/over fried for my taste. Prices are high due to it's location, but I would go back and try something else.
5	Prices aren't so bad, for being on the strip and guy being a celebrity chef. We had the BBQ wings, which were amazing, no dipping sauce was needed because it just hid the flavor of the sauce. Also tried the Mac and cheese burger and truffle fries, amazing experience!
4	In Vegas for my husband's birthday weekend and saw Guy's new restaurant.  We decided to stop in for lunch since we are fans.  The place was clean and the service was great.  The fondue dippers were too die for!  I have to go again just to get them.  The victor chicken street tacos were good but average.  They weren't special in any way. I can't wait to go back on our next trip.
5	Great time...good friends...great food...Liz was a great with us and helping in making great food decisions
5	This place is fantastic.  Pretty good craft beer selection on draft.  We started with The Generals Wings which were prepared like lollipops and covered in a sweet & spicy General TSO's sauce.  They were out of this world.  I then ordered the Triple B Burger which was a blue cheese burger with smoky bacon strips.  It was excellent.  It was accompanied by very good fries.
4	One shot, everything rides on tonightEven if I've got three strikes, Imma go for it,This moment, we own itAnd I'm not to be played with at...GUY FIERI! - 2 Chainz (we own it)These burgers are serious business my friends. They forgot to mention that each burger comes with extra napkins! On the menu there's salads, sandwiches, and burgers but for the Guy Fieri experience, I think you gotta go with a signature burger. As a plus, each burger comes with a fries sampler with 4 different types of cuts so you don't have to order fries on the side. Don't expect much from the fries though, just average. We shared the Mac n Cheese burger and asked them to cut it in half for us since I knew it was going to be monstrous. We also got the rojo rings (HUGE onion rings) and it came with this surprisingly great sriracha/ketchup dipping sauce. We even used it for the fries that came with the burger. It was messy to eat but so tasty, and I'm not even a fan of mac n cheese. Btw I think the menu said it won some sort of nyc burger competition in 2013 so there you go!P.S. there's no cooling system if you choose to sit outside so keep that in mind for the summer time
4	Went during 25th birthday weekend in Vegas. Heard good reviews and decided to give the place a try on my walk down the strip. Bf got carne asada street tacos and I got chicken. Four tacos to a plate were about $16. It is the strip so I'm not surprised. The tacos were realllyyyy good especially with the sauces provided. I liked the chicken more than I did the carne. Will definitely be back to try one of those huge burgers that passed me by!!
4	I think the 4 star average review this place has is spot on.I enjoy Fieri's (nee: Ferry) show "Diner's Drive-ins, and Dives" on the Food Network very much.  Guy himself seems like kind of a d-bag but the places he visits are very interesting.Being a d-bag from northern California, I suspect his own cuisine for his restaurants is firmly in the Flingers (google Office Space) category: over-engineered snack food for fat/lazy/stupid people.Now, if you know this going in, it's not half bad.The waitresses are done up in a denim skirt/dress thing and the waiters are in a similiar denim outfit.  OK I guess, but I prefer waitstaff to not be subject to a fixed  dress code unless I am at Hooters.I got the drunken fish tacos and the truffle fries.  I could not finish the truffle fries, the bowl was huge.  The tacos were actually not bad, I could eat that regularly.  The fries weren't bad either, but I was on a business trip and eating alone.  To share, they would be perfect.To sum up, there's really nothing wrong with this place, assuming you are OK with average middle-America mall type food.  This will amaze you.It's a little hard to get to (unless you are staying at the Quad); you have to negotiate your way to the Self-Parking (or take the tram) and then find your way back to the car afterwards.  I know it sounds like I'm dumping all over the place, but I did like it.  I would even go back and try something else out.  I bet it would be a blast with friends (kinda like a sports bar).  But haute cuisine it's not.  Expect something better than your average TGI-Fridays and you'll have a good time.Another plus is that it is open late (2AM) which kept it on my "list of places to try when I've been out all night and everything else is closed".
4	Guy's is located to the newly renovated Quad hotel near the pathway leading to Harrah's. They have an option for indoor seating which features awesome brown cow print bar stools or covered outdoor seating allowing for people watching and music courtesy of Carnival's DJ. We chose the later, it was a relatively cooler day (in Vegas terms) so outdoor seating was obvious. I chose the Greek salad with the barbecue chicken wings as an appetizer. Our waiter was nice enough and took our orders quickly and got us our drinks. Side note, our waters had some of the largest ice cubes (actual cubes) that I had ever seen in my life - I was amazed. I was also pleasantly surprised by the speediness in which our food came out. The chicken drumsticks were ingenious, each drumstick was trimmed down leaving the meat at the bottom of the bone almost creating a handle making it super easy to bite down without the mess. The plate was accompanied by a delicious sauce that I can only guess was a creamy ranch and a bowlful of fresh veggies. My Greek salad was a complete work of art in multiple layers, so pretty but in the end a little hard to eat. The base layer of my salad featured hummus and then built upon that were romain lettuce spears, garbanzo beans, red and yellow tomato chunks, cucumbers, feta cheese triangles, croutons and topped off with shredded parmesan. The salad was drizzled with a lemon vinaigrette which I was most excited about however it was just a bit too sweet for my taste. As mentioned before it was difficult to cut into the spears without contents of my salad spilling onto the table so in the end I just picked up the spears with my hands and ate it that way, not a big deal but messy nonetheless. During my meal I noticed how attentive the wait staff was, constantly checking on our party and others in our area. At one point a manager even came over to introduce herself to us. I realized why at the end when we were paying, inside of their bill placards they have an iTouch installed so patrons can take surveys about their experience at the restaurant. Note: Total Rewards members get a discount on various items on the menu, if you don't have one - they're free so go get one.
4	My favorite food might be hot wings and this place has buffalo style fries! Not just fries with hot sauce on it but thick sliced potato chips tangled up and they bring you a great serving of hot sauce in a shot glass you can pour on the potatoes yourself .        The blue cheese dip for the fries was great too and I'm not big on blue cheese. Also got some drunken fish tacos but I would go back for those fries alone. Good presentation was great, prices were not bad it's a good place I would recommend.  We sat outside, it was fun to people watch!
5	I am a big fan of Guy, so when I happen to be standing right in front of his new restaurant in Vegas, I had to try it. We couldn't settle on just one beer, so we went with the recommendation of the bartender and got the Flight to Flavortown.  It is 16 taster beers. What a great idea.  If you finish all of the beers, you get a free t-shirt.  Of course, I got a free t-shirt.  :) To go with the beer, I wanted to try the lollipop wings that were also recommended. The bartender mentioned that they were not hot, just had a nice kick. She was a liar.  They were on fire hot. Amazing, but hot. I can still taste the sauce.  Served with wasabi, blue cheese dressing and celery sticks, this was a fantastic dish.  I highly suggest having these!
4	I really wanted to like this restaurant as I like Guy's TV show but I was nervous as some restaurants get by on name alone. As Guys would say "this is on point." The service was excellent, our server Ayron was on top of every request.  I had the mac & cheese bacon burger. As many other reviews say it is messy and then the plate it comes on is way too small. The fries that come with the burger are of different shapes-; from waffle to shoestring to fatter fries. The burger was good not amazing but I was happy. The drinks come with real is cubes in the shape of ancube, which is kinda cool. The burger was a bit over priced at $20. I will be back if I'm near the Quad but wouldn't go out of my way to eat here.
3	I remember hearing that Guy Fieri had opened a new restaurant in Vegas, and as we were walking by the Quad I saw this place and new I had to try it.  My friends are always willing to try new places so we went in.  There was a pretty long line, which led me to think it would be a long wait, but we were seated shortly after.  We had two waitresses that took care of our table.  One took the order and brought out the food, and the other was for drinks.  This is something new to me, but was glad it worked out great.  I had my drinks refilled my times without having to ask for a refill.  On to the food, our table ordered fireball whisky wings, double barrel bbq wings, triple t fries, and the mac and cheese bacon cheeseburger.  The wings are like a lollipop style so sizes do vary.  Unfortunately, ours were on the smaller size.  We got a wing/pop that was a size of a quarter.  The fireball wings does have a spicy kick to it. Not overwhelmingly spicy but leaves a tingle.  Flavor was pretty good.  The double barrel bbq wing is pretty normal.  The mac and cheese burger was ginormous.  Good luck taking a bite out of this one.  I had to use a fork and knife to eat this burger.   I ordered it medium but it came out well done.  Was not cooked to order.  Wished the mac and cheese would were more cheesy.  Overall, the burger was a bit dry and lacking in flavor.  They have a beer challenge here if you can drink their flight sampler under a certain amount of time, you will win a t-shirt.  We didn't do it because we were already full after eating.  Service is great here even while they are extremely busy. Prices are a little bit on the expensive side for burgers and wings.
4	The food is good, but the service is meh. They also don't have a children's menu, which is a little weird.
4	Went to Guy Fieri's last night as our last meal of Vegas before flying home this morning. The triple t (truffle) fries were delicious. They came with a truffle dipping sauce and we were also served wing sauce for dipping. Our was a big plate that fed 4. We almost ordered seconds to accompany our Mac and cheese burgers but were pleased by the assorted fries that came with the meal. We split the 2 burgers in half and this was able to fill the four of us as well. The only thing that I was a little disappointed by was that my particular burger didn't seem to have the same hardy portion of mac and cheese as my friends did and it was hard for me to really taste the macaroni (it was still good though). Also, we were a little disappointed to be told they had run out of the pepperoni fondue dippers that we ordered (I also heard the table behind us ordered something behind us that they ran out of). I guess that's what happens when you try to order "dinner" at midnight.
3	The service was decent. Took about 10 minutes to get us our drink order. I ordered the ceasar salad with this obnoxious crouton bowl that service no purpose. It was so hard I couldn't even cut through with a steak knife. I also had the sashimi taco, that was good and light. My fiance had mac n cheese bacon burger, it was messy, the meat fell a part and the bun was the size of a silver dollar. With the burger you get a side of fries... these aren't just regular fries, they are a variety of fries consist of steak fries, shoe string, crinkle fries, etc. My fiance started calling it left over fries, which what they tasted like. However, there, this one amazing item in this menu that I truly enjoyed.. the truffle fries. Simply delicious. The aioli was well done. Overall, decent experience,.giving them the benefit of the doubt they just opened.
3	I am right on the cusp of a 4-star review, unfortunately the service we received knocked it down to a 3-star. We went there on May 12th for my 30th birthday, this was my choice and I did not even complain when we had to wait 10-15min for an outdoor table when we could've been seated right away inside. The girls at the front were all wicked nice and greeted us right away and were helpful. There was a band playing next door so it did make conversation a little difficult but nothing too bad, and the people watching was the best part of being outside. The food for the most part was delicious. I got a Smoke & Mirrors for my drink, which besides the giant pepper on the glass was delicious. For appetizers we got Righteous Rojo Rings and Guy-talian Fondue Dippers, the sauce for the rings was awesome nice and spicy. The dippers were also wicked good, my mom started making them at home, just can't get the dip right! For my meal I got Carne Asada Street Tacos, which were okay. The filling was very good but the thing I did not like was that the tacos seemed to be wrapped with two soft taco shells which were really really really dry. The best part was the dessert, the Triple Doublemint Pie, which was shared amongst all four of us because it was definitely too large for one person.Our server is what killed this whole experience. I am not sure where she kept on disappearing to but she brought our drinks and then ran off for almost 20min before taking any part of our order. Then after our meal it took awhile before she even asked if we wanted to dessert (which I did, come on it was my birthday!). My mom did ask several times for a glass of water which she never brought over. She was more concerned with other tables around us with whom she could flirt with (apparently my husband and dad are unflirtable?), and we tip well as long as you pay attention and are a good server. All in all it was a great place and next time I am back in Vegas I will definitely go back.
3	The service is goodThe restaurant looks goodThe flight of beers you can get in which u try all the beers is cool and u get a shirt afterThe food.................had some Mac and cheese burger thing. Said it won some award. Well it was just alright. I wasn't blown away. The fries were really good Overall seems like an ok place to go. Food presentation looks cool.
5	Great restaurant Guy.  Ate there in June and loved it. The chicken wraps are AWESOME and the burgers...any of them are fantastic!  Guy, Nick the waiter looks like he'd be your son/brother. You taught them well. If you go to Vegas and don't eat there, you're a moron. Guy, open one in Houston please.
4	Let me say this, I came in twice to this restaurant because I freakin' love burgers. Both times I was seated at the full service bar.The first night Christina helped me. She was very friendly and outgoing. If I needed anything she was right there. I ordered the Triple B Burger. It was phenomenal. One of the best burgers I've had. It came with a small sampling of four different fries. The fries weren't bad but nothing to write home about. At the end of my meal I was asked to fill out a short survey which I was sure would be thrown out because I answered so positively about her. The food service was quick and I enjoyed my visit. Enough to come back the very next day even.Now the next visit I came in around the same time and was again seated at the full service bar. This time however the service was less than par. I sat on my stool for a solid five minutes before being handed a menu. One bartender spent this entire time talking to his friend that were sitting next to me. I knew they were friends because he knew their names and talked about what they posted on Facebook. The bartender that finally helped me though barely looked at me other than to take my menu.I ordered the Mac n Cheese Bacon Burger which came out fairly quickly. Again the burger was incredible, just as I expected. I have nothing bad to say about the food. However, while eating I finished my drink and despite sitting right at the bar it took nearly ten minutes to be refilled. I finished my meal and had to wait between five and ten minutes before I could ask for the check. This time I wasn't asked to fill out a survey (probably because even they knew the service was poor.)I'll consider coming back, but will be on the look out for Christina or I'll wait for a table.
5	Great service, and the drink Smoke and Mirrors is super good! The food was great too
5	This is a great place high energy staff helpful. I had the Sashimi won-tacos love them followed by the The Guy-talian Deli salad this was great the mix of Italian meats and the crown of prosciutto-wrapped smoked provolone! make this a must for the flavor town finale I had a S'more Monte Cristo  loved it will go back and try the Cheesecake challenge soon highly recommend this place to everyone
2	I really wanted to enjoy this place, but it failed me on so many different levels.  The initial problem was the long wait (approximately 1-1 1/2 hours). Once we finally got seated the environment was very loud and hectic. It was hard to hear the rest if our party without yelling back and forth. The menu was very small and everything was very pricey for the quality of food they were serving. I ordered the Mac and cheese burger and expected a lot of flavor, all I got was a mediocre burger that had some flavorless macaroni on top of it. My wife ordered the street tacos and for $20 they brought out a few tiny tacos that didn't compare to a local taco shop that would give you 20 of them that were bigger, better, and full of flavor for the same price.  Definitely another tourist trap with a celebrity name on it like many of the other ones on the strip.  Won't be returning here sadly, but I'm sure many will ignore this review and try out the waters for themselves.
5	Our friends who were on vacation went, then demanded we join them the next night! It was great!! The Tuna Tacos were bomb, the onion ring rack was unlike any I've ever eaten.  Our server Luis was fun, friendly, and on point. The assistant mgr. stopped by to welcome us. Good atmosphere, amazing flavors, fair prices...it's a new must try. We will be back...soon!
5	This place is off the Hook! All of the food was excellent. Service was perfect and the beer was cold. Great atmosphere with the music from the Carnival Court. Good price and great portions.
5	Carne asada street tacos were phenomenal and the service was excellent (Great job, Daniel B.). We had our food very quickly and everything was delicious.
5	This place was great! Everyone in my family ordered something different and we all loved our food (party of 5). I will definitely be going back next time we are in Vegas!
3	I really was hoping to like Guy Fieri's restaurant.  It is not bad, by any means.  It is a good burger.  The food is good.  The decor is good. The service is good.  But that is the problem.  It's all just "good."  There was nothing that will make me want to go back.  I have been to Burger Bar (quite a few times), as well as Gordon Ramsey's burger place at PH.  I have to say that Burger Bar is quite a bit better.  The prices are comparable, but the fact of customization you can do at Burger Bar made it better for me.  The prices were average for Vegas, but high for a burger place located anywhere else.What I liked the best about Guy Fieri is that fries come with the burger, and they give you a variety of all the fries.  A great idea and very much appreciated.  If you are in the mood to splurge on the K-cals, go ahead and give Guy Fieri a try.  Unfortunately, it just didn't blow my mind for an amazing meal.
4	We decided to go there right before a show. We were seated quickly . We decided just to get appetizers.We ordered the lettuce wraps and the onion rings. The lettuce wraps were amazing. It came with 3 different sauces, 3 small spring rolls that were very tasty and the lettuce and the chicken for the wraps were very very good.  I wish I could say the same thing for the onion rings . The presentation looks really cool the way they serve them but I did not care for the taste. I don't think they were cooked all the way .The wait staff was super friendly and they kept our drinks full. I would definitely go back here again and try something new. I noticed they give large portions so I would probably split my meal. Loved the atmosphere
5	Great Food Great Service Reasonable Price for the quality of the food. Guy's menus rocked!!!!!!!!
2	I had the mac n cheese burger with fries. My friends ordered the tacos, wings & lettuce wrap. This place is pretty hyped up and overpriced for the quality of food. My burger didn't have any special flavor to it. Just a burger and they slapped some mac n cheese in the middle in place of a regular cheese.  I could have gone to In n Out or Five Guys Burger for half the price and some free peanuts. What a disappointment. I'll give 2 stars cause our server was really pleasant.
1	My wife and I went to this place on a Friday after seeing some good reviews and knowing that it's located on a very nice spot, close to a nighclub, so we could eat while paying attention to the nearby people.My wife ordered a Mac and Cheese Bacon Burger and I got a Original Smash-Burger.We both agreed that this was a overly expensive burger for its quality. The burger seemed huge in size, but you'll notice that the burger patty is very thin actually, the big size of the burger is basically because they use a bunch of cabbage and the bun in tall, you can confirm that from other people's photos here at Yelp.The fries that came with the burger were a joke, they were probably worse than McDonald's, and came with a ketchup-like (which was probably just ketchup) sauce.The drink my wife ordered (named Smoke and mirrors) tasted and looked great.Service was good, nothing really special about it.We will never go back or recommend.
4	Service!!!  I can see guy's influence all over this place. My boyfriend and I ordered the fondue dippers for an app and I ordered the chicken tacos and my boyfriend ordered the beef dip sandwich. Our food arrived and we never got our app. I was very disappointed because I ordered the lighter meal of chicken tacos because we were getting a heavy app. I told the waiter and he was very apologetic. I told him to just forget the app but he insisted on bringing them anyway FREE of charge. Then the manager showed up and apologized. I have to say the food was great and they redeemed themselves so well my boyfriend and I went back again a few days later! P.s.  The small wooden style plates are waaaaay too small to hold the big and somewhat messy food.
5	Service was amazing, the ambiance excellent and the food was off the charts. Best Prime rib dip I have ever had and the teams that served were tight and knowledgeable. Management was out and about ensuring everyone was happy and enjoying the menu to the max. We loved what we ordered and rubbernecked a ton of other yummy sights we saw go to other tables. Will go back and try other things! Go! You will not be disappointed!
5	Great service, unique style of cooking your traditional American food, and a fun environment!!!  5 stars is a easy option for me.  Will definitely be back to try their onion rings & dessert next time!  Well done Guy
5	This place was awesomeInstead of people watching we couldn't stop staring at all the food coming out going to other peoples tables. Great presentation and our nachos were perfect bite on every chip, even the ones at the bottom. Tacos just as yummy , lots of food, friendly smiling service . Can't go wrong here !
5	On our one-week vacation to Vegas, we visited Guy's restaurant twice...I'd say we liked it ;) The first time we went around dinner time so we had to sit outside in the Vegas heat, but the food made up for it! We started with the sashimi won-tacos. These must have been our favorite thing we ate in Vegas. The raw tuna with the crispy shell were the perfect combo. We then moved on to the Original smash burger and mac and cheese burger. They were both huge and great. Also came with a side of fries (I really recommend they write this on the menu because we didn't think we were getting any and were thinking of ordering a separate side). The seasoning on the fries was so good. It had a spicy kick with a hint of sweetness. The cocktails are also great. They are so different that the waiter had to explain them all to me to get a sense of what I was ordering. Our second trip, we had Nick L for lunch. He is the best server, so ask for him! He gave us great recommendations and was spot on. This time we tried the shrimp tacos and BBQ wings. Again, great. Prices are also unbeatable, especially on the strip. I highly recommend this spot for lunch or dinner, burgers or wings.
3	We went  for lunch to eat with my sister-in-law & husband . We live here in Las Vegas, and like to try different restaurants.  First complaint is that I'm a vegetarian, and wanted a salad, but all the salads on the menu aren't for vegetarians. I asked our waitress if I could get the salad with fish instead of chicken, and she said No. I asked her to ask the chef, and her answer was if I ask he is going to say NO. Waitress inform me that I could pay for salad plus pay for the fish plate, and they would add it to my salad are you kidding me!!! the fries were all very spicy. Not everyone can eat spicy food, so we weren't able to eat the fries. Did the waitress asked can we get you something else NO!!!   We asked  if the fried ice cream was big enough to share for four since we were full, but wanted to try the fried ice cream anyway. We were told that it was big enough for two, so we ordered two. Let me warned you it's big enough for four or more which is a good thing, but we were so upset at our waitress couldn't she have been honest, and more cooperative we only ate one, and the other one wasn't even touched. Last complaint we were charged dinner prices instead of lunch prices, so beware, and check your receipt before you pay if you go for lunch.
5	Off the chain, best Vegas meal in last 2 trips. Pizza dippers outstanding. Mac & cheese burger with fries is delicious. Ate at bar with service that was excellent. I'm sold, will be back
2	Last Saturday we had lunch here and it was just OK!  Now I can say I have been there!!!!! The only reason I give it two stars is because our waitress was great!  You have to order exactly what is on the menu... We asked for onion rings instead of fries and they said "NO".  You have to pay $14 for onion rings no substitutions!  I tasted my friends burger with blue cheese and I have never had something more disgusting than that!!!  I tasted the burger with the pastrami and the description on the menu was better than the burger!  I had the chili with corn bread... Marie Callender's is better for half the price.  The food looks great but the taste is not worth the money nor the million calories that Guy's food packs! There are thousands of places in Las Vegans that are much  better than this place!   Have a drink, enjoy the experience and eat somewhere else!
5	God dammit. My girlfriend and I went here cuz we think guy is a total tool and seriously doubted his ability to come up with a good menu and wanted to mock him basically (as lovingly as possible, of course). don't get us wrong we love his shows on food network we just figured his over cheeeeeezy personality wasn't capable of such goodness. we ended up going back the last day of our trip. parmaggeden wings were awesome, triple t fries were awesome, motley que was awesome, and the best thing we had was the awesome mac n cheese burger. i use awesome so many times cuz guy always does. will be returning here next time.
5	Great food, great atmosphere, and great servers! Make sure to order truffle fries and a burger! The onion rings and nachos are kick ass too! We requested a booth and they were able to quickly accomodate us. Next time, I will save room to order a dessert!
5	Never post but this Place is off the charts good. Great atmosphere, casual and fun. The burger i had was called the off da hook burger and it was!!  Go check it out.
3	Went with family for a birthday.  We got the parm wings,  fireball whiskey wings, mac and cheese bacon burger and the cheesecake.  The food was GREAT.  The only thing pulling them down are the serbers. We had to ask 5 tomes for lemons for water and waited a good 15 for a taster for beer.  Would recommend this because of the food just do not expect good service
3	We had the truffle fries, the Victors Street Tacos and the carne Asada tacos.  The fries were really good. The tacos are pretty small, but you get four, so that good.  The Victors tacos were really good, but we didn't care for the carne Asada. The drinks were watered down but we weren't charged for them so no foul there.  Our waiter was tripping on something. We had a good laugh all night watching this guy. He couldn't stay focused long enough to take or drink order.Look, we went into this knowing it is a "gimmick" joint that brings you in just because you saw this guy on t.v. and he told you where to get those really good donuts in Texas should you ever be unfortunate enough to find yourself in Texas.  Also, we know that being on The Strip we'd be paying a premium. If this were any other location I'd be ticked at the whole experience.This place is as average as Applebees and Chili's.
5	Hands down the best service on the strip! Chef tony was sooooo attentive to our needs and paid so much attention to detail. Spent WAY more time with us than he needed to and his genuine passion for food made this experience one we will never forgot!!! Best burgers on the strip for sure!! We will definitely be back and tell everyone we know!!!!Be sure to ask if you have an allergy because if he can find a way he will!!!
4	Food was amazing and just the right portions.  Wait staff was great and attentive and very personable.  Only downside I would say was the wait time just to check in.  Also they didn't seem like their tech was making things go any faster with managing tables and customers in or outbound.  It actually seemed to hinder the operation.
5	This was hands down the best place I have ever eaten!  I was not disappointed in any way here. The restaurant:  The atmosphere is very fun and very much like Guy.  The staff is dressed in denim outfits with leather like vests/aprons.  The tables, silverware and layout have a modern industrial type feeling.  The kitchen is very open to the restaurant so you can just look in and see exactly what's going on in there (a well oiled machine).  There is also a mini shop in the front to buy various things from him and the restaurant.  We ended up buying one of the bandana like napkin towels that are on the table.The food:  This was the best food I've had in a long time!  Certainly the best on the strip.  In any price class.  It came out very fast and was presented extremely well.  The fries are a mix of all types and seasoned to perfection.  The burgers are moist and flavorful.  Try the Mac-n-cheese bacon burger and you won't want anything else.  The pulled pork was so good and on a pretzel bun it was over the top.  The drink selection was awesome and they had a little something for whatever you're looking for.Overall:  Extremely pleased at my whole experience at this eatery.  I went straight to flavor town and never looked back.  Go and enjoy yourself!
5	AMAZING...... I am a wings lover had wings here.... And now i cannot have wings anywhere and be satisfied.....plz go on ur first day to vegas. Dont repent it going on the last day like me... Really cheap compared to a signature restaurant.
5	Honestly, this is probably the best Vegas celebrity chef restaurant experience we have had!  Great food and Guy Fieri, if you read these, Chris was our server and he does you proud!!!  Perhaps the best service I have ever experienced!  Top notch and fun!!!  Outstanding!!!
4	Great food & great serviceWe had the Mac & Cheese Bacon Burger - so tasty!!! Worth every pennyThe Drunken Fish Tacos were also great. The cilantro and house sauce work great together. My glass of water was never empty, they were very attentive about refills.
5	HIGHLY RECCOMEND GREAT FOOD, GREAT SERVICE AND FUN ATMOSPHERE. We had a party of 14 their for a special occasion, management was over the top helpful in getting us a table and taking care of us. Our waiter Ray couldn't be more on top of it with recommendations for food, drinks and appetizers.  Guy you did this place up right with the food, service, management and waiting staff.  Cant wait to come back
4	Food was great. Fries were the best. Wasn't a fan of the sauce the truffle fries came with. I was a little confused with my order but it was good none the less. I ordered the triple b burger that came with blue cheese. no where on the menu did it say it was a chicken burger.I got my burger and it was a chicken burger with gouda cheese. It tasted fine but I'm not sure where the confusion was...Want to try the dessert next time!
1	Place feels exactly like I imagine Guy Fieri, lots of flare, very little substance.My friend and I stopped by on our way out of Vegas and were extremely disappointed. Starving and walking away with money in our pockets we were ready for one last great meal before we returned to the daily grind, should have gone somewhere else.Service was eh in the beginning, 14 empty tables and the hostess tried telling us that they had no seats available. A manager came up and yelled at the poor hostess in front of us.After being seated, our waitress was extremely friendly and the only good thing about my experience here.We both ordered the Sashimi Won-Tacos and Drunken Fish Tacos. They were dry and underwhelming, Guy is all about flavor and sauces and spices and his food was awful!I would never eat here again and cant even watch Diners anymore, how can I trust someone who can't make a decent fish taco?
2	TOURIST TRAP!!!!!BEWARE!!!!! After having been to so many DDD establishments I truly believed that I would be in for a foodie experience.....was I wrong! Although it's new I will give the service a serious break and not be to harsh on them knowing that service gets better with time. An app of Truffle fries, Hamburger and Fish Tacos washed down with a beer and cocktail should not be $100 but I get it it's the strip. The food certainly had great presentation hence the second star....However the Taste is the true disappointment, or should I say lack of taste. Even Guy has said that your fish should not smell fishy...I will not ramble but hope that before you walk in thinking it's a foodie paradise you think twice......
5	I decided to take my girlfriend out to dinner last night. I heard about Guys kitchen and finally wanted to try it out. Already having the munchies, I medicated even more in the car, expecting a wait. I was wrong. Higher than the High Roller itself, I walked in and was greeted by a beautiful hostess. We waited for what seemed like less than a minute, before we were called for our seats. (I like how you could see the open kitchen when you're being seated.) The menus were clipped to what seemed like oversized, thick clipboards. The menu  was simple and easily understood with a good amount of items. We started with drinks. "Lemon drop...Not!" for her and a Firestone Union Jack IPA for me. I don't usually drink lemon drops (only when I try hers) but I have to say it was the best one I've had so far. We decided on the Drunken Fish Tacos, Triple T Fries, Ultimate Asian Chicken Wraps and the Mac + Cheese Bacon Burger. The Triple T fries and Drunken Fish tacos were served first. The Triple T fries were amazing! Truffle chunks, truffle infused Gouda and a creamy truffle sauce. Bachi who? They don't skimp here! The Drunken Fish tacos were on another level. They consist of lightly grilled tequila-citrus tilapia, cabbage and avocado. Then topped with radish and pickled ginger for a tasty combination. Soon after, the Ultimate Asian Chicken Wraps and Mac + Cheese Bacon burger were heading to our table. The Ultimate Asian Chicken wraps are a must try. The Chinese minced chicken was on point. You also get three spring rolls and two Thai style skewers. It's also a good way to be romantic, making your date lettuce wraps. Just make sure your hands are washed! Now onto the burger. The Six Cheese Mac + Cheese Bacon burger was bombdotcom. Hands down one of the best burgers I've had. Mac + Cheese flowing over the thick applewood bacon all between a toasted garlic brioche bun. Accompanied with a  combination of potato wedges, crisscut and regular fries. I was already full from finishing the previous dishes so I only ate half and have to pack the rest. Next time I won't order as much so we could get dessert. Overall the experience was fantastic! Service was outstanding! Food was amazing! I WILL be coming back again, and again.
5	My husband and I just returned from a week in Vegas.  We wanted a variety of good meals, but were continually let down by Gordon Ramsey's, bobby Flays and Wolfgang pucks.We ended up eating at Guys three times! Great atmosphere, servers were attentive and excellent, and the food, just WOW!  I can't lie , the Sushimi Won Tacos kept bringing us back! So fresh and the taste was amazing, the Whisky chicken wings, the Italian salad, just amazing.   And last but no least, the cheesecake, out of this world.   HIGHLY RECOMMENDEDAnd the prices are some of the best we had paid in Vegas.   And the service was awesome. Guy!   Great place!   Keep it up
2	Just came back from 5 days in Vegas. Went to Guy Fieri's for dinner our 2nd to last night. No one finished their dinner. Presentation was good if not over the top. Fries were delicious, nachos were good. Burgers were laden with so many things the bottom bun was soaked to the point where it fell apart. The worst part was the horrible gut wrenching bowel movements that followed it. Two people didn't even last til the check came and I, your courteous narrator, almost crapped my pants on fremont st. twice. The drenching sweats that came along with the cramping was the cherry on the sundae. If you eat here you better give yourself 30 - 45 minutes in your hotel room just in case...
5	Great place to eat.  I had the bacon Mac and cheese burger and it is huge!  But sooooo good.  The wait was not long for lunch and the service was great.  Will definitely be returning next time in Vegas.
5	Awesome Service great Staff ask for Nick! Worth the visit not only for the food but for the hospitality!
4	Great food! You can really tell this is guy's restaurant his touch is everywhere I just wish there was a little more space between tables,  feels like you're eating with strangers but other than that the food and service was great!
1	Wanted to give this place a try and see if it was any good. As Las Vegas is known for many chefs that open restruants he on the strip or in one of the major casinos. Well this on is next to the Quad by the Linqs and the new high roller.Once we sat down and got our service it was below average at best. Server we had was not very accommodating and seems like the attitude was coming.I ordered the off the hook burger it was oil and sloppy.My other party ordered the Mac and Cheese burger this one was dry and had no flavor at all.A side of Mac and Cheese for my baby, ate one bite and didn't want it. Other kid places that have mac and cheese he love, and this is suppose to be good?Not good for kids! No kids menu is offered at this place. too expensive to order for a kid or child and not worth it. Female server was not helpful as I stated earlier. I ordered iced tea and I had to ask for a refill and it took forever to come back with that refill. I've ate at many burger places and other have not even disappointed like this one.At lease if the service was superior like it should of been anyways.  at least my rating on this establishment  would of been better than a one starer. But a double whammy killed it on the head!!!!!
4	I was in Vegas with my family for my birthday.  We all went to Guy Fieri's restaurant for dinner.  I had the drunken tacos, they were delicious!  I'll go to the restaurant again when I'm in Vegas for certain. :)
5	Very impressed by the unique menu. We ended up getting the fireball whiskey wings and a burger.. Both were amazing!! Best food I've had here in Vegas. The plates were very appealing. Extremely attentive service! They were busy but our food came out quick. I highly recommend this if you are interested in some tasty food at a reasonable price.
5	What an amazing restaurant with amazing staff!! They accommodated a party of 14 for My Son's 21st bday. The food was delicious, and  the service was top notch!! Michael the manger  and our waiter Ray were so attentive and really made My sons celebration one that he will never forget!!
3	The food was decent. We had wings, shrimp and steak tacos and fried s'mores dessert. The wings were so good. Tacos were ok, and our dessert was not good at all. Service was a little below average, our waiter was the one that recommend the dessert.
3	Okay so I'm giving this place a three after reading many of your reviews but I hope to upgrade it in the future. So here's why I'm giving it a three. I did go there on a Saturday night so I expected it to be busy but I went there after a show so it was pretty late. When we got there the hostess told us it would be a 40 minute wait. 40 minutes okay so we decided to eat at the bar. There was nothing wrong with that we met some friendly people at the bar and the bartender/our server was great. However as we watched two empty tables the entire night we started to question the 40 minute wait quote. We did the cheesecake challenge and it was good but maybe because I make a phenomenal cheesecake I was pretty disappointed. I did note that many of the appetizer seem like comfort foods and I can't wait to go back.  The vibe of the restaurant was pretty good and I think if they can get their kinks worked out it'll be fine.
4	not gonna lie went here cus the food looks instagram worthy.. and it was.restaurant is located in the quad, the side closest to harris.  The wait time for 5 people on a saturday edc weekend wasn't that bad about 30-45mins. The host was very accommodating since i changed from 8 people to 5 people to different phone number cus i didn't have any reception so thank you for not judging meI ordered the fondue, sashimi tacos, and truffle fries.Our waiter was kind of out of it, i think it was just him cus after he went on break the service was a got a lot better.The fondue dip was amazing, i'd be taking whatever my friends had and dipping it in that shit. The breadsticks didn't really taste like anything and the pepperoni wasn't too over powering which i thought was kind of nice.I thought the sashimi tacos were hella good, that wasabi sour cream sauce whatever it was hella did it for me, now if only they were bigger.Truffle fries, the menu says there's no such thing as too much truffle, but nawww there is. That truffle aioli was definitely doing too much and they came out kind of cold, but then again that could've just been our waiter cus it was the last thing to arrive at our table.overall i'd definitely come back and try a burger
2	Was not impressed at all.My husband and I split the turkey burger and mac & cheese burger. The turkey burger was cold but otherwise tasty. The mac & cheese burger was not seasoned well and very bland. Service was horrible. Our waitress was in la-la land. She explained the menu but took forever to take our order and re-fill our waters. We will not return.
5	Food was incredibly flavorful. We had the burger, Greek salad, and bbq chicken wings. Every single ingredient was fresh and tasted well balanced with heat and flavor. Easily shared meals with the portion size. The staff works to the bone and demonstrated a lot of pride with the presentation and service.
2	The reason for two stars:Food- just ok, the easy things like fries, street tacos and wings are good, you would have to be absolutely terrible to ruin things like these.The burgers have no flavor.Service - Waited a very long time for a greeting by our server, ordered non alcoholic drinks that also took a very long time to arrive, and I even had to get up and try and find my server just to see if our party could place a food order.Our party had a sense that our server was strongly pushing us to order alcoholic  drinks. I expected a lot more from this place based on the name. Myself and my dining party were very disappointed. Food CService DAtmosphere D I would not recommend.
4	I ate the Shrimp Tacos which were very good and I will order again. My boyfriend ordered the Mac and Cheese Burger. I want a huge fan of that one and would not order again but it's a popular one. It might just be my tastebuds that couldn't appreciate the burger. The next day we  went back for dessert. We tried the Mexican Churros. I was honestly pretty disappointed. I was really hoping for the best Churros ever. Instead I got long pieces of over fried dough that was too crunchy and just fell apart. Next time I'll try something different. Over all, I love Guy Fieri and loved his restaurant. Oh....almost forgot! YOU MUST TRY THE FRIES. I they're the Vegas fries. Not sure but they have a white cream on the side and I think they are covered in parmesan and parsley. Absolutely delicious!
5	Holy crap this place was good. My wife and I were in Vegas for a couple of days and walked in to this place because we were super hungry. I didn't know what kind of food they had, so I was very excited when I saw their burgers and sandwiches on nearby plates. I had the mayor of flavor-town burger. Burger meat with pastrami on a pretzel bun!? Oh man. It was so flavorful, juicy and amazing. The server recommended it to me. The fries were good too! My wife had a pork sandwich that I stole a bite of. That was very tasty.I really should have gotten their onion rings! They looked bomb! I'd come back!
5	Excellent food and exceptional service. Our server, Ray, was great. Very attentive and gave great recommendations. The manager even stooped by to check on our experience.He had a delicious beer (can't remember the name) and I had the Monkey Wrench.. YUM!!We started with the Triple T fries, seriously, ridiculously amazing!I ordered the drunken fish tacos, and he had the original smash burger..again, amazing.  We finished with the fried ice cream sundae. Wow.
5	As with anyone were big fans of guy and couldn't wait to eat his food. We came we ate we left happier than ever. Huge portions. Good flavor. Just loved our time there.
1	Went to Guy's to celebrate a birthday.  Not worth the hype. Won't return, nor recommend to friends. Really wanted to like this place.  Service slow. Had fly bugging everyone the whole time. Guess they can't afford fly fans to keep the flies on the patio.
5	this place was awesome. the best eal I had in vegas.
2	Pretty disappointing.  Dry fish tacos - also pricey, no side.  Burgers, french dip and chili were pretty good but also nothing too special despite the price.  Service was good, but came with several very heavy handed hard sells at the end of the meal for shots.  Solid "meh".
5	Loved it! I got the Mac n cheese burger and it was out of this world insanely awesome! Burger, bacon, cheese and Mac and cheese...how could u not love it. My hubby got fish tacos and they were awesome. You must get bloody Mary's to drink!
2	Went the day before and asked if my wife could eat there with her peanut and tree nut allergy and they said she could.  Went back the next day and they basically said there wasn't anything she could eat that would be 100% safe.  That was our cue not to try anything but my wife insisted I try something as this was going to be one of the highlights of the trip.  So disgruntled I tried the General wings.  They were more sweet than spicy.  Had the look of sweet and sour sauce.  The majority of general tso sauce I've had is more brown in color.  It was OK but wouldn't go out of my way for them.  They had a sandwich I wanted to try but with the allergy situation I was really disappointed my wife couldn't join me in a meal.  Come on Guy you are in Vegas you should know how to deal with allergies.  Triple D= disappointment! disgruntled and down right lacking in flavor town.
2	I was very excited to try this restaurant especially since me and my five year old watch the show all the time. So let me give my honest review..Pros: Great Atmosphere , great staff and nice presentation of food. I loved the great music coming from the promenade, that was tons of fun!! While waiting.on my food I mingled with other guest checking out their food which looked good, this alone got me excitedCons: Quality was lacking I ordered truffle fries which was very greasy to the point it looked under cooked ( just bad) my husband got a burger and for $18 I expected more burger it was a really thin patty, our waiter told us they were all the same size. ( we wanted the biggest one) we brought our son and of course there was no kids menu or anything priced cheap enough to buy for a child. I also thought the menu was just lacking of different options. I actually left feeling sad and disappointed b/c I begged my husband to take me here all week and this just did not make the grade. What a disappointment!! However since im local I will give it another try in a few months maybe they will work some of the kinks out. Im a believer of giving second chances
5	I am the hardest burger criticizer...but damn their burger with mac and cheese was so goood.  so much flavor.  I have been to Bachi burger, BRGR at PH, and Holsteins, and this beats them all.  I even cameback the next day and tried the one with pastrami on it....AMAZING.....they cook the burgers to my taste buds.  I also had the cheesecake.....that was ok....but presentation on both was a 10...definitely will comeback to this place when i got to Vegas again
5	I was highly disappointed when I realized that the restaurant wasn't a bbq restaurant (I don't know why I thought it was a bbq restaurant it just had that look and feel of a bbq restaurant). We decided to stay since we were already there, I was starving and it was 112 degrees outside.  Our waiter, Chris Anderson was seriously THE BEST WAITER I've EVER had!!! He was witty, extremely informative of the menu, very attentive and had wonderful recommendations. We ordered the amazingly delicious hand battered onion rings that came with a sriracha ketchup dip (soooooo good)! We also had french fries smothered in buffalo sauce and blue cheese crumbles.  Now let me say, I hate blue cheese but the fries, buffalo sauce and blue cheesecrumbles all went together so well. Lastly, we order a bbq burger with all the toppings the bread literally melted in your mouth, it was phenomenal. I'm so glad we decided to stay the food was great, the atmosphere was great and the service was outstanding.  I've been recommending this place to anyone and everyone who will listen!!!
5	It's everything you would expect from Guy. Outstanding. Huge burgers full of innovative flavors and sauce combinations. I had the turkey burger and have been back twice to order it again. You won't be disappointed. Delicious. If you like Guy, you will love this place.
5	Went there thid weekend. Amazing burgers. Best I have had. My husband ordered shrimp tacos, a little small. Order the burgers servers was amazing...
4	This place has something for everyone. We went here twice during our Vegas stay and I was pretty pleased with both meals. Once was for a late night snack, the other lunch. For the late night snack, we got the Sashimi Won-Ton Tacos. These were delicious and possibly one of the highlights of the menu! The wrappers were in the shape of taco shells and were perfect! Super light and crispy. The filling was ahi tuna with a mango salsa- delicious! We ordered the Fried Ice Cream dessert and I was pretty disappointed with the fried part- it was actually pretty soggy and instead of being crispy- it actually was more chewy- not what I had hoped for. It did come with a considerable amount of sides to top with it to make it your own- but I wouldn't order that one again. The second meal we had here I tried the carne asada tacos. You get 4 small tacos to an order, which is a good portion size. They were great and came with two salsa options. There was a good portion of steak in each of the tacos and a yummy cabbage slaw on top.  The Quad hotel gave us a free coupon for Vegas fries- so we tried those too--- think steak type fries meets buffalo wings. The bleu cheese dressing is pretty over whelming- I went for ranch instead. Overall, the service is pretty good, the staff is welcoming and generally attentive. You even have the opportunity to do a digital survey (There's an I-touch in the bill folio) at the end of your meal to give feedback. The portion sizes can be pretty huge- make sure you go in hungry if you're ordering entrees!
3	Surprisingly good for such a touristy place on the strip. Asian lettuce wraps were good, as were the truffle fries. Chicken tacos and the pulled pork sandwich were just ok. I wanted to try the whole menu, which was well-written and funny. Service was good with a smile, the manager was walking around, and we were able to sit outside right by the carnival court outdoor live music. I would consider returning.
5	Went here twice! Long story short, food was amazeballs. Try it out if you're in Vegas!Long story short made long:(First visit) - My boyfriend and I were walking from Wynn's to grab some burgers at Gordon Ramsay's when we stumbled on this place. It was hot (what an understatement) and so we didn't want to walk any further so we decided to try this place out. Best decision of the trip! We shared an Original Smash Burger which came with their Quad Fries. Pretty damn good. We were both happy with our midnight snack and happily walked back to our hotel in the blistering heat--content, to say the least. Oh! And I brought my brother back a doggy bag of their Parmageddon Wings (I didn't try it myself but my brother said it was alright and wished it had more parmesan on it).(Second visit)We were determined to go back and try more of the menu before leaving Las Vegas so my boyfriend and I dragged my family along! The boyf and I got the Smashburger again (only this time, the waiter asked us how we wanted it cooked). "Medium well please!" My parents shared the Smashburger as well (well done). And my brother got a '67 Cajun Sandwich. We finished every bit of our entrees with the exception of the Quad Fries because we were too busy nomming on the Triple T Fries we ordered on the side. Wait. I need to tell you all how these fries make me feel. "Triple T Fries," I say to myself as I roll my eyes in pure foodgasm bliss followed by a mouthwatering longing to taste these beautiful things once again.Okay. My party was fighting to get the most amount of these fries into our bellies. They were so good! Order them! Don't be like my boyf and I the first time and say, "Ooh, these sound good. We'll try them next time so we have a reason to come back!" NO, ORDER THEM THEN AND THERE.We then ended the wonderful dining experience with a S'mores Monte Cristo for dessert. Boy, believe me when I tell you to never say, "We'll try it next time!" when it comes to food. "Carpe diem" should be rule number one in any foodie's rule book. Actually, if my high school Latin has actually stuck anything in my brain, it should be "Carpe cena!" SEIZE THE MEAL. Anyway, dessert was a great way to end the meal even though we were full. The chocolate and raspberry dipping sauces were the best part.Yes to this place. Yes to the food. Yes to Guy Fieri. Come through! Totally worth every penny :)
5	This place is full of wonderful culinary treats and definitely has a cool, lively atmosphere. Lots of delicious comfort food ranging from wings to tacos and mac and cheese burgers. Not too many choices for people on low carb diets, but definitely have to say it is a fun, culinary adventure.Oh yeah....  Best onion rings in the world! Hands down! Therefore.... 5 stars!!! I am still thinking about them.
4	I was excited to try this place since it opened in late April. I was finally able to try it this last weekend. Overall, the experience was great. The server was friendly and very nice. She took our order and had a friendly conversation with us about food and Guy Fieri. We ordered the "Triple T" fries and the general's wings. It did take about 25 minutes to get our food-disappointing.The wings were good. A sweet, tangy, and spicy sauce with 3 dipping choices of toppings. Lollipop style wing was easy to eat.The "Triple T" fries were good but not the greatest truffle fries I have tried. In my opinion and the girlfriend's opinion they were a little too greasy.Would I try this place again? Yeah, I'll give it another whirl. I guess, I was just expecting a little too much from Guy.
1	If I could give this place a 0 I would. Where to start? I guess I'll start with the drink I had? The crazy Hagar? Tastes like monkey piss. But hey, maybe it's not my cup of tea? Passed it around the table, sure enough, tastes like crap. After that, out come the apps, only part of the meal I can't say was disgusting(the rojo rings were a lil sweet for my taste but hey someone else could love them), then came the worst part, the entrees. My wife had the Mac and cheese burger, over cooled(I assume my mom got the same kinda charred cow dung patty, I just didn't taste it.) Then my meal....oh brother, the Big Dipper. I was told oh our BBQ is really good you'll love it being from Texas. I must admit that I have a soft spot for BBQ. Told me it was slow smoked. No...you just doused it in liquid smoke. Disgusting. And French fries? Ha ha ha ha. Never had French fries I thought I would break my teeth on. And after this they had the audacity to bring me a 300 dollar check. Wait staff was great though, so there's that, I'd advise them to go work at a real restaurant, because this place will go down in flames at some point when people are tired of getting ripped off for horrible food. AVOID THIS PLACE.
5	I had the Big Dipper and it was the best sandwich ever....  The sliced prime rib melted in your mouth..  Service was great with having the General manager and assistant manager check on a party of 20 let us know they cared. ..  Must go when you are in Vegas...
2	I want to shout out to the lovely and very talented waitress Liz who was one of the few bright spots in our visit. Another is the open kitchen which offers a different view into the kitchen than most.We ordered a flight of beer which was plentiful however the beer simply wasn't very good.  2 of 10 starsWe had an appetizer of the Vegas fries.  I expected more flavor from the king of flavortown but you could hardly taste the blue cheese.  The buffalo sauce was good but not fire hot.  I did enjoy the large twisted steak fries and the fries were probably the best part of the night. 6 of 10 starsI ordered the mac and cheese burger.  I was expecting a well cooked burger with a cheddary taste from the mac.  Instead I got an overcooked burger that reminded me of fat burger. In fact, Liz helpfully suggested we smash the burger down in order to eat it without too much mess.  THe mac had absolutely no cheese flavor and could have been simply boiled pasta if it didn't have a slightly orangy color.  I did like the bun but not enough to salvage the burger.  4 of 10 starsMy SO ordered the rock shrimp mini tacos. This was the most disappointing thing of the night.  The rubbery corn tortillas were bland and aside from the pickled onions there was no flavor at all. The shrimp was definitely overcooked in the frying process and the chili sauce could not save the dish. 1 of 10 starsI like Guy's shows because he is animated and truly seems to enjoy his food but after dining here I seriously question his tastebuds, or his commitment to his restaurants.  I will say this restaurant reflects my perception of Guy's on screen personality, which is a blur of ADD ridden angst with a lot of flare and little substance.  I will not rule out a return visit if someone visits who has to see guy's restaurant and I hope there are improvements but I see no reason to seek out this disappointing hot mess anytime soon.
4	Walked in at 10:30pm after Rock of Ages show.  Sat at the bar.  Bartender was very nice and helpful for recommendations.  We enjoyed our food a lot.  It was unique.  My hubby and I split an order of the double BBQ wings.  They are lollipop style and had a nice ranch for dipping and the veggies were not just typical celery but radishes, peppers, carrots, etc.  then we had the turkey burger.  It was the best turkey burger we've ever had.  It had smoked Gouda and other fixings.  The fries that came with it were a mix of different fries which was really good.  Ok draft beer selection.  We each had one beer. Good meal for $56 in Vegas!
5	Ate lunch here yesterday and had an awesome experience. The food and service were great. Our waitress suggested the Caesar salad and we were blown away by the presentation. Would def recommend for 2 people to split the Caesar. We had a Mac and Cheese burger and it was fantastic. Great flavor and excellent presentation. The fries that come with the burger were amazing as well. Overall was a great meal and will return on our next visit to Las Vegas.
5	The food is incredible, just like the service! The manager, Mel , was so friendly and generous. I can't wait to come back again. I highly recommend the German Chocolate Cake shots!
2	The truffle fries shared plate was amazing. Everything else was lackluster. Absolutely terrible service. We were the second table seated of the day and our meal took over an hour. I wanted to order another drink, but was unable because the server never came around. I had the turkey cranberry sandwich, and I found it very dry. The patio is nice, and I would eat the truffle fries again, but not a great experience.
4	Everything great and huge portions.  Hubby had hot wings if you like hot its not very hot fyi. but good.  Lettuce Chicken wraps were good. I had the mac bacon burger very good I ate only half.  Love the fries you get an assortment of different type of fries.  The 5 year old had macaroni and cheese ah not so good he ate like 1 bite ..  cheese a little too sour for kids taste.  Would I recommend this place definitely little pricey for burgers but they are very good.  Suggestion make reservations we waited an hour but was entertained by the street performers and live music outside nice.
4	Food portions are large!  I found the fries and onion rings to be a little over fried and too greasy, but everything was yummy!  The atmosphere is fun, right on the strip, so you can see a lot of interesting people/things walk by.  Flavors were rich, prices reasonable for the strip.
2	I was very excited to try out Guy Fieri's new restaurant since I love his DDD show.  This restaurant is located in the Quad Hotel.  The patio area is nice for hanging out and people-watching.Unfortunately, nothing that we ordered was good.  Starting with the drinks:  my friend ordered the Smoke and Mirrors cocktail.  It had a beautiful presentation with a small pepper garnish.  It tasted like cough syrup.  I got the Rebel Dragon--not very good either.For appys, we ordered the Triple T fries (kind of bland) and the BBQ wings.  I got the Drunken Fish Tacos for my entree, and my friend got the Big Dipper Sandwich.  All of the food was kind of bland and underwhelming.  Not what I expected from Guy Fieri.  I was so disappointed.  The service was good, but I don't think that I will be returning because it was such a lackluster meal.
5	We had an amazing experience here. Nick "the sherrif" of flavor town was awsome! Great food, great service, and great drinks! We will make this a regular stop when visiting Vegas
5	I swear this place has angels in the kitchen. Amazing food and great service. Food had tons of flavor, and the extra ass cheek gained was well worth it.
4	This was a pleasant surprise.  The food is very good, but the ambiance is not conducive to a quiet relaxing lunch or dinner.  The place is loud and active....it is a place to party!  Back to the food.  The Guy-talian Fondue Dippers are Pepperoni-wrapped breadstick twists served alongside our smoky provolone + sausage cheese dip, topped with fresh tomato bruschetta.  They are delicious, even though it sounded strange to us.The carne asada street tacos are a winner too!  You get four tacos held upright in a metal rack.  There are different varieties but I chose the marinated skirt steak garnished with onions, cilantro and salsa [on the side].  Generous portions for the price and the taste is both juicy and flavorful.Reasonable prices given the portions and considering other Vegas restaurants on the strip tend to be on the high side to begin with.
5	My favorite place we ate in Vegas! The decor was exactly what you would expect from Guy, and it looks awesome!The prices are good, for Vegas. The food was amazing. I had the Motley Que, and it was hands down the best pulled pork I have ever eaten... And I would expect it from Guy, a man who goes crazy over them when they are presented. We also got the fireball wings, and while delicious, and very nice to look at, we did wish they weren't lollipopped! We want the meat!! With everything else being messy, don't lollipop for easy eating... Trust me, we will dig in! My boyfriend got the macaroni and cheese burger and loved it! Juice was rolling down his arms. We both had to do "the hunch" to eat! The staff was very helpful and pleasant, without being over bearing! Amazing place, definitely go check it out.
4	Very good value for a place on the strip.  Best onion rings ever.  Good Italian salad, good wings.  Enjoyed and could be back the next time I am in Vegas.
3	Well here goes. I think the hype to be in a Guy Fieri restaurant was more exciting than the food. The smash burger was good but not great. It came with an assortment of fries pieces. The Rojo onion rings were good. The best thing about them was the sauce. The service was a bit slow. I can say now that I've been here. Will I come back? Only for the General Tso wings...
2	This place is the true definition of a TOURIST TRAP! Albeit the food is pretty good, and I do mean only pretty good, but folks, save your money and get  much, much better burger at, say, Fatburger or Smashburger or a number of other places on the strip. Even Bobby Flays burger place is cheaper and much better than this. To charge $20 for a burger is grand theft!People who knew Guy before Food Network made him a "star" had outstanding food at a very reasonable price from his original place in Santa Rosa. Now, it is obvious, that Guy has gone after ye almighty dollars and left quality related to price off his menu.This place is no better than a Chili's or Denny's.
5	Delicious!! We had the shrimp tacos and bacon bleu burger and could not have been more pleased. The flavors were delicious, service was attentive and quick, and the atmosphere very welcoming. All places on the strip are pricey, but our meal here was definitely worth it. We'll be back!
5	Hip place! Nice decor, nice atmosphere, good service, the guy-Italian Fondue Dippers was great! the Triple T Fries was goood!The Mayor of Flavortown Burger was something else. A fun place to go eat when you are walking around Las Vegas Blvd. I am going back soon!
1	Bad service. Sat for 20 minutes unattended.   Then the bartender poured extra fake lime juice in the fish bowl- expensive cocktail - as they did not measure the drink correctly and even added ice on the top to make it look  " full". All the food was SALTY. The salad and shrimp tacos- how to you make a salad salty!!?? Last, asked server for additional side sauce and he went directly to the bar area and did nothing. Even came back to ask of we needed anything but I decided to give up at that point and just write a review to save others from coming here to spend  money. Bad food bad service.
2	Meh. We waited forever for a table while they sat several parties who came in after us. The food was ok. It is one of those places where it looks a lot better than it tastes. I ordered the original smash burger. The menu didn't list that it came with cheese or mayo, but it had both (I'm not a fan of either). It did list BBQ sauce, which wasn't on the burger. The burger itself was ok. I know it's called a smash burger but I guess I didn't realize it would be quite so smashed. They smashed all of the juice right out of it. It was fairly dry. It would have been great for a $12 burger, but for $18 I'd much rather go to Gordon Ramsey's Burgr.
5	I recently found out that my favorite chef have opened up a restaurant in las vegas. I told the hubby we have to go. The restaurant is located at the Quad Hotel. The atmosphere in the restaurant was very upbeat very live and your hostess greet you right on the spot. It was packed for Friday night which is normal for any restaurant. We waited about 15 minutes. We sat outside near the strip so we can see the people walking up and down the street. Our server Chris was funny as hell. He made our first time coming here very fun and he also recommended some items on the menu. The first thing I got was a shot of fireball whiskey. Next the hubby and I decided what we were going to get. He got the off the hook burger. I got the Triple B burger. We got our food the presentation was good. All the burgers come with fries and its just not one set of Fri you have a mixture of fries there are crinkle cut fries Criss cut fries and steak fries all mixed together in a small dish. They are seasoned with this dry barbecue rub that is so good especially when you dip the fries and ranch. Not to mention that the ranch is homemade which is really good. The hubby and I could not even finish our burgers they were so big and so good. We said we would definitely be back because we want to try the tacos that he has on the menu. This would definitely be a place that I go too when I go to Vegas.
5	I really like guy on TV. So we were going to vegas i wanted to try his restaurant, glad i did. The place was busy so we sat outside, hour wait for inside.our waiter Chris was very nice ,friendly and he checked back on us regularly. I had the sashimi tacos(they r under the appetizers.) 4 tacos was a meal.  People with me had a hamburger and turkey sandwich (can feed 2) that was huge. Food was great. My only suggestion is some fans on the outside( it is still hot) and it would help keep the flys out
5	We were invited to go back to Guy Fieri restaurant since we had a bad experience on our first visit.  Well Guy Fieri all I can say is what a difference it was to have Adrian as our waiter. He listened, took care of us, picked up on a mistake with our appetizer  before it reached our table since I'm a vegetarian. Michael the manager was fantastic. Stephanie out did herself. The Guava Margaritas were out of this world. My husband had the roast beef with all different kinds of fries which he said were delicious. My vegetarian salad  with tilapia was to die for. Let's not forget the fried ice cream Oh my God it's  amazing. Good food, generous portions & reasonable prices.Aida & Carmine S
1	Guy is a household name...and that's about it. The menu sounds delicious, but after waiting a long time for food to come out, the food was just barely par. The fries were cold, my BBQ sandwich was too sweet and I get the feeling that it came from a tub of BBQ meat you can buy in the grocery store ( aka Lloyd's). The only 2 things that were good was the ranch dressing and the ice cold water.  This restaurant is not living up to Guys name.  The assistant manager did come over to the table and comped our lunches.
4	I had the bacon mac and cheese burger and it was everything you would dream it to be.  I was surprised at how light it was for being so much food, I didn't hate myself after it.  The desserts were kind of disappointing, we sampled the cheese cake, smore, and fried ice cream.  The fried ice cream was pretty hard to include everything in it because the shell was so thick and I really hated that hay stuff they garnished it with, it got stuck in my through.  The cheesecake was a decent cheesecake and the smore was basic, I prefer a traditional smore.
4	On our last trip out to Vegas we stopped by Guy Fieri's which is at the Quad and we left full & happy! I myself ordered the Drunk Fish Tacos wich were so good I never wanted it to end, I shared them with my man and he approved wholeheartedly. The tilapia mixed perfectly with everything and it was just an amazing dish. My man ordered the Fireball Whiskey Wings and said that they were a great balance of spice when you use the blue-sabi sauce. For drinks the winner was the Lemon Drop.... Not! It was delicious, not too strong and the taste was on point although it did pack a kick. I would recommend dining here to anyone hitting the strip, it was a great experience
5	Great food and great service! But be prepared to wait..! We had their Mac and Cheese Burger, Triple T fries, deep grief ice cream and Definetly get their SMORES MONTE CRISTO!!! So yummy!!!
5	Great meal the service was excellent came by often and asked for extra drinks. The beef dip was excellent I would recommend for a nice lunch
4	I love Guy's new restaurant in Vegas at the Quad Resort and Casino. It has a high energy atmosphere with unbelievable food options. You can choose to sit inside or outside on their large patio. The service is top notch, including a manager walking around making sure everyone is enjoying their food and overall experience. The menu included things like burgers, wings, and tacos. Their entrees are large portions so you can easily share. We started out with the Righteous Onion Rings. The sauce served with this is outstanding. Then for my main meal I shared the Mayor of Flavortown Burger. This was the best burger I have ever put in my mouth. The size alone is outstanding. It has a blanket of seasoned pastrami and Swiss with a seed slaw and dill pickles served with a pretzel bun. This made me very happy! I tried a bite if my sons Mac-N-Cheese Bacon Burger. I can't believe he almost ate the whole thing. It is so massive and delicious. You will leave very full and completely satisfied. They also have a great variety of about 16 craft beers and wine from Sonoma County. This is a must try if you are in Las Vegas.
5	The food was phenomenal!! Hats off to the Chef!!! Our waiter did a superb. job!! I had the Big Dipper  Sandwich and my husband had the Lava Rock Shrimp TacosI. We can't wait to go back and try a new dish! Oh did I mention the Guy's Cheesecake Challenge,  S'mores Monte Cristo, and the Fried Ice Cream Boulder Sundae were over the top!! Our table shared the Guy-Italian Fondue Dippers, Righteous Rojo Rings and the best ever Sashimi Won-tacos and we can't wait to try the other two sharables on the menu!! Great time and superior Food!!
2	We went to his restaurant at the Linq subpar - service was horrible waited 20 min for our drinks. We sat outside and in 104 degree heat come on Guy can we get some fans or maybe a mister out in the patio area. My husband runs all the food service at UNLV he watched your managers not step in and help out the staff at all. Pulled pork sandwich was good - but you could tell our food sat under warmers in the kitchen for a long time the ketchup was fried. Also the outfits that the girls wear there are pretty tight - dont really want to see butt cheeks hanging out while dinning. Probably wont be back.
5	Such a great place, 5 stars all around! I went here with my husband and a couple friends, we had heard about the restaurant and were hoping it would live up to our expectations! It absolutely did, the atmosphere was great and the food was amazing! I loved the decor and even the menu was so unique! I would recommend the wings, chicken tacos as well as the churros! Everything we had was delish! Great Chef they have here! YUMMY! Definitely will be going back the next time we are in Vegas!
5	Visited twice in one week! Love this place and I don't even eat meat! Everyone has been really nice and attentive. The presentation of all the food is awesome and creative. Everything coming out of the kitchen looks so delicious. Their nachos are soooooo good! Definitely eat here!
3	Not bad! Nice decor with cute serving dishes. I ordered the triple B burger, almost $20 (you pay for the name) but wasn't really worth the $20. Our hostess ignored us for while (with no one else waiting) before seating us and our waitress gave really poor customer service, however our runner was great and should've been our server! If we want a great burger we'll just go to Bachi burger and get a grass fed burger for $8 cheaper! All in all, I'm glad we tried but we probably won't eat here again due to the high prices and not so attentive staff.
5	Went here for lunch. There was no wait. Had great beer and delicious food. Our table had street tacos-great, motley que sandwich-amazing, and mac n cheese burger-delicious. We had s'mores monte cristo for dessert. You'll need to share this beast. The raspberry sauce is the perfect dip for this decadent dessert. Service was good. The value is amazing for Vegas strip! We spent less here than in the food court!  I highly recommend Guy's restaurant!
3	Great spot on the strip and it looks like they are still finishing the place.  The location and Guy's name make this place.My peeves about our experience:1) Prices on the menu are not what you pay unless you are some type of loyalty member.  Not that big of a deal but this is something our server should have explained.  (Non member prices push your bill about 25% higher in our experience)2) No restroom.  Need to use casino restroom. (I assume employees can wash their hands onsite :) )3) Service:  they seem to be trying hard, us, and some other tables had to go to the bar to get a second drink. (Wasn't terribly busy)I had the Mac n Cheese burger, was a good choice.Enjoy!
5	I NEVER would consider writing a review on Yelp! as a good use of time. That said, this is my first review and I made a profile specifically to say that our local boy Guy Fieri has really pulled off a super fun and  GREAT eating outpost on the Strip. The portions are a little too much for me, but the food is so fun and sooooo good. Someone told me that the Mac & Cheese burger was the best burger in town. I would have to agree, so perfect in all ways! I wasn't planning on actually writing this review so I don't know the name of the pepperoni bread sticks that we shared (way to big for a single person to eat, so get them and share them for sure) but they were crazy tasty. My friends hot & sweet wings were amazing and I stole a few when he was looking around. The service was really nice, especially for the Strip where the waiters can be hit or miss. Finished with the Republic of Cheesecake (silly huge) and boom I am stuffed and sleepy. Not a place for everyday (kind of a PIA toget to), but if you family is in town it is a solid choice for doing the celebrity chef thing reasonably and any Guy fan will go home and brag about how good this place is. because it is that good, I love seeing a UNLV guy killing it. Go Rebs....Reno sucks. awesome place, five fun stars.
5	I am a big fan of Guy Fieri so I knew I couldn't pass up a chance to try this place. Service was great, our waiter was very attentive, knew a lot about the menu and had some great recommendations. We tried the nachos ( which were great except that the amount of toppings made the chips go soggy quick), the pepperoni wrapped breadsticks (they were oddly good, especially the cheese dip), the pulled pork sandwich, & Mac and cheese burger. Will be returning.
5	Great service, super friendly, the food is fantastic, I had the carne  asada tacos, they are to die for! If you are in Vegas you have to check it out!
3	Food was decent. It sounded much better than it tasted. We had the pulled pork, the huge burger and the deep fried smores, which where the only saviour. To expensive for what you get.Service was good.
5	Incredible.  Service was great.  Thanks Bria.  Best nachos ever-all toppings layered throughout! The corn bread chili was amaze-balls. Portions were huge and super well flavored. A bit of a wait to get it, but well worth it!
3	Background/disclaimer: pretty big Guy Fieri fan, came with some other Yelpers (thanks to Michael U. for the invite and Norm K. as well) to try some breakfast items.This is my 420th review, in case that has any special significance. I'm sure it does but I just can't think of it right now...I was a little late to the occasion, but I still got to try a variety of items from the new breakfast menu. The maple bacon french toast was pretty good. I would have liked the brioche to have more of a crunch, but it was pretty fluffy. The candied bacon was a little more toward crunchy then chewy and if you like a sugar coating on your bacon, you're in for a treat. The brulee banana didn't really add that much contrasting texture or flavor for me, but maybe I've just been eating too much banana lately.Shortbread pancake and berry "pot pie" didn't do it for me. Thought that the pancakes were too soft and fell apart a little bit too much (could be personal preference) and didn't have too much flavor. The berry compote and accompanying syrup are far from overly sweet and are actually a little sour, so at least you know they're not hiding the actual flavor of the berries.Each of the dishes apparently came with a shot of a vegetable juice. Hopefully Michael or Norm have the full ingredient list down. I did like the juice, which didn't have any hints of foulness or additives. Nice of them to give you something healthy.Since we stayed past breakfast (8-11am), we were able to split a dessert from the regular menu. It was the S'mores monte cristo. This was my favorite part of the meal, with the deep fry treatment crisping up the brioche from the french toast being and melting a bunch of marshmallow and chocolate (plus graham cracker butter, apparently). Chocolate and raspberry syrups upped the indulgence factor a ton, and I enjoyed every bite.Ambiance: not too loud, classic American music like The Doors and The Beatles, apparently uses old tables and intentionally dinged menu covers (for the breakfast menu) to try to capture the been-around-a-while feel. Can't complain. Service: good as far as I saw, as they relocated our party to a larger table, brought out plates and utensils as needed, and never were absent for too long. I think they really emphasize service and want to show that they're trying hard by having a manager walk around to ask if everything's fine and by letting you review the experience through an app on the iPod/iPhone placed inside the checkbook.I was hovering around a 3.5 rating, but since I generally look at 4 star places as ones that I would prefer to eat at again, I can't give that rating to this restaurant. It's Strip-priced and, based only on what I ate, I've been to better breakfast places around town in that price range or a slightly lower range. I did find it cool to see the open kitchen and to snap a picture of Guy's white jacket from his UNLV culinary school days, so Fieri fanatics may enjoy this place solely for the Guy branding.
3	I am a big fan of Guys shows and work on the Food Network.The restaurant is setup odd...no view or direct access from The Linq...walk through a hallway to the hostest area....stand around as servers move out of the kitchen to the tables. Very awkward.The service is dysfunctional....and the tables are crowded into a small area. The food is average...under flavored in areas and too many flavors in other areas...trying to accomplish too much when it should just be about down home comfort food.The restaurant missed the train to flavortown.
5	Loved this place. It is in a great spot- right past Carnival Court by Harrah's. (It is IN the QUAD though). Very nice, country vibe on the inside. Cow print stools and all. Food was delicious. We ordered the sashimi tacos- O M G !! It was so weird we had to get them. They were so good. Next my hubby got the Motley Que. Pulled pork, slaw, and happiness on a pretzel bun. Was very good. BBQ sauce was the story. I got the Mac N Cheese bacon burger. Huge, very impressive. Came with 3 or 4 different kinds of fries all mixed together. Getting all the different fries was very cool. Didnt have to pick. Steak fries, shoestrings, battered fries, etc. For dessert, you have several amazing options- they even had churros! Lol. We HAD to get the S'mores Monte Cristo. Yes people- a huge, DEEP FRIED S'MORES Sandwich. Unreal. Comes with berry jam and hot fudge to dip. SO GOOD. Overall, great, casual, laid back feel. Great Staff and decent prices. I will be including photos. Would DEF recommend and will go back next time we are in town.
3	Went to go try out the new breakfast menu here and wasn't very satisfied  sadly. We had a few issues with the food as well as the service. What I can say is Melanie the manager there was AMAZING she took care of us!!! They just opened up for breakfast which we did know but Im sure there lunch and dinner menu is a lot better. I will go back to try out the rest of the menu because of Melanie thats for sure!!!
5	Great service and a cool vibe, I have been to Guy's twice now and have enjoyed it both times. If you're only going to go once, get a burger or a sandwich so you can get Quad Fries.
5	Totally cool atmosphere with talented, helpful, staff. Food is amazing with great flavors.  Large portions and prices totally reasonable.  Will definitely go back. Fun friendly cool. Chef Tony knows how to work a kitchen
2	This restraunt is all hype, im sure most of these comments are made up.First of all the place looks real nice, the service is great, I love triple d show and that alone made me want to come over and try it out.But the food is just not worth the high prices, and people saying the portions are huge are straight up lying.  We ordered the wiskey wings, 9 bitesize tiny wings for $15, the menu claims they are super hot, but they are not even close to being hot. The taste was not that good and the blue cheese and ranch sauses are disgusting. I had better wings at applebees, and better ranch sauce at jack in the box.Next we tried the Cesar salad, again not that good either and i have no idea what that wall of hard bread on the salad was, looked like a monster crouton but it was not eatable..So finally I asked for the best burger so I got the mac and cheese burger...  People claim burger is huge but its really just a decent size and its pricey $19.. The burger was just ok thats it. If thats the best they had i wonder how the others taste. I couldnt even taste the macaroni on the burger.. Honestly i had better burgers at chillis.. Now the fries on the other had were great, they mix 4 different kind of fries together and are tastey..All I gotta say this place might be for other people but it wasnt for us, it looked like they are trying to hard to make the plates look fancy and cute but the taste just isn't there.. And not worth the high prices..
4	We went here for the first time on a Sunday evening and it wasn't too crowded. We sat outside and got served right away. The server was very knowledgeable of the menu and when we asked what he would recommend he immediately pointed out a few selections. He then explained that the staff trained for a month and got to try all items on the menu, which for most places, rarely happens, so this was nice to hear that he really knew what he was talking about. My group tried each thing he recommended and all of the food was amazing and so fresh. I love that the burgers come on pretzels buns and that the fries come in all shapes and sizes. Not to mention everything is seasoned very well. The burgers were so juicy and the pulled pork sandwich was so good. You could really taste the smoke on the pork.I was really disappointed in their alcohol selection. They don't have a big menu for their specialty drinks (I think maybe less than 10 listed), they don't have a blender and they were out of midori. So that was a bummer. I will definitely go back and recommend to everyone though. The food and servicer were excellent!
4	Service is good.  Packed place.  Obviously more for the name.   The good is pretty good.  Not gonna make you come back over and over again. They've got the baddest napkins ever seen.  Prices are reasonable.  Definitely a tourist destination.  It's good.  You won't be disappointed but you won't do back flips over it
5	OMG this is a place not to miss.  Quite simply...get the Burger.  This is the place to go if you want an outstanding "Gourmet" burger.  Our first experience with Guy Fieri and his delectable burgers was on a recent Carnival Cruise where Carnival introduced  "Guy's Burger Joint" on some of their cruise ships.  No joke...the burgers were so delicious and bursting with flavor that we ate there 6 out of 7 days on the cruise...sometimes twice, most times even avoiding the gourmet meals provided by the cruise.  And we were not alone. So after a late night show in Vegas we discovered Guy had a restaurant in the "Quad" and had to try it out. The restaurant offers ample outdoor seating for great late night people watching on the strip.As for the menu:   My wife and I split the "Original Smash Burger" and an order of "Vegas Fries".  The smash burger just melts in your mouth with bursting flavor...it is like an unbelievable taste beyond anything you have ever  experienced.  The burger comes with its own set of "fries"...a collection of different types of fries along with blue cheese and buffalo sauce for dipping.  The Vegas fries are also a taste sensation and "rolled" in buffalo sauce and again bursting with flavor.  Hint: next time, my wife and I agreed...no splitting of the burger (cause you just can't get enough)...and the burger comes with fries as well.  (Who Knew).  There are tons of other choices but why venture beyond the burger.  And best yet...we don't have to wait a year for our next Carnival cruise to get our Guy Burger fix!
5	Don't miss eating here!! The food is extraordinary! We split 3 appetizers for dinner and it was MORE than enough. The Nachos were out of this world. Every layer had topping on every chip. The taste was sooo good, new and delicious.
4	Couldn't wait to try this place and it didn't disappoint. We ordered the BBQ wings, triple t fries, carne asada tacos, and Mac n cheese burger. All 4 were awesome. Would recommend this place.
5	By far one of the best places I have been in a lo g time. The food is fantastic with little twists here and there. Also don't forget portion size my lord keep in mind you will need a doggie bag. If your down at the linq check this place out you will not be disappointed.
1	One of the worst dinning experiences ever.First we where told inside would be a 40 min wait,Outside right away. Notice about 10 tables inside empty,Was told they where short staffed and they had nobody to serve those tables,Yet they have someone to help you outside in 90 degree weather (HUH)Waiter walks up and you can tell right away he also is not thrilled about working outside. Brings our soda's out which all where completely flat no carbonation at all.Maybe when you pay $4 bucks for a coke they remove it? Asked for new drinks..Same zero carbonation. (Walked into hotel gift shop and bought a soda) Was cheaper to.Takes 45 mins for food to arrive, I ordered the french dip (No horseradish) It arrives with horseradish waiter proceeds to argue with me that they switched horseradish for some cream. Well you think you could ask me first if I was ok with that. I sent it back.I was so pissed I had to actually argue with him over this,Had my kids not been with me I would of got up and left. Bread was good but the meat had to much smoke flavor. The fries even my kids would not eat.Its like the dip each fry in season salt.Wife and my Mom each ordered a sald. Same salad yet when brought out they where different one had half the ingredients the other one did.Burger was very good. Waiter stopped by 1 time.We asked for refills on soda and never got them.Guy I suggest you get to your place and fix your staffing problems.
1	Went here on a Friday just missed breakfast. Ended at 11 we got seated at about 11:15am. Took a min to get water waitress mention something about they just washed the glasses it'll be a sec(no problem). Starters we got nachos maybe took about 40mins to get, we loved them ok that was good. We were done with that and about 15mins. Our food didn't come until 12:18 we waited a whole hour. People at the bar just were seated already eating before we even got our food. I had the Caesar salad, I don't understand why the lettuces didn't come chopped it's whole lettuces on the plate, didn't enjoy the veggies were cut very big. My boyfriend had the steak tacos, he said it taste like nothing, he had one taco n felt stupid eating something without flavor so stopped. I'm not sure if it took a while to get out food because it was just sitting there because the nachos were hot nor cold. Nor was the tacos. Even tho the nacho were good would never eat here again.
3	Just had tried the new breakfast menu at Guy Fieri's Vegas Kitchen. I had the Dragon's Breath Chile Benedict - a generous portion of chili over house made cornbread rounds topped with cheese sauce and poached eggs. The sweet of the cornbread counters and compliments the savory chili, eggs and sauce nicely. As a side note, take your Zantac! My wife had the Carne Chiliquilles very flavorful but had to search for the beef.  Small ding to the score due tithe lack of beef, and some unhulled  garlic  in the chili.    Don't get me wrong, Guy has some great flavor profiles in his food much to his credit,And I look forward to returning to Las Vegas to give his Diner another try.
4	We stopped in for a snack and a cold beverage, and decided to sit at the bar. The female bartenders were very friendly and efficient (although we were surprised at how low-cut and revealing their uniforms were for a "family-oriented place). We had the Chicken Done Three Ways for an appetizer, which came with lettuce wraps, chicken satay skewers and spring rolls, served with three dipping sauces. It was excellent! They have a variety of chilled shots on tap, and a great selection of beers. The burgers coming out of the kitchen looked wonderful. We would definitely return :)
3	Met up with some friends and headed here for the first time. Hearing a lot of buzz about the bacon mac n cheese burger, it was something that I was gonna try first time out. So me and the lady both got the bacon mac n cheese burger, the triple t fries, and the fondue dippers. Let's start with the sides. The fondue dippers was great, it was very flavorful, the fondue was light and cheesy.  The triple t fries were great! I would say one of the top truffle fries I have tried. Definitely a thing to try when coming here. Now here's the thing with the bacon mac n cheese burger, I read that it was one of Guy fieri's award winning burgers. The bacon was cooked great and tasted great. The burger was also tasty and cooked and seasoned well. Now the mac n cheese was a huge let down, the burger is complex and has so much flavors in the bacon and the burger seasoned to perfection, then you put mac n cheese that has been sitting under a heat lamp, dried out, clumpy and very bland on it and it just about ruins it. As great as everything else was on the burger, the mac n cheese just brought the burger down. I dont mind paying $20 for a burger as I love food and trying new things. I just dont understand why the short cut?? I know time is pressed and everything needs to be done as quickly as possible, but when quality gets sacrificed things need to be reevaluated. Also the burger does come with fries (a mixture of crinkle cut, straw fries, waffle fries, and chips???) but you cannot substitute the fries that come with the burger for the likes of the triple t fries, forcing you to buy an entire order if you wanted. Although the fries are a huge order and I was glad I got them maybe having the option to substitute the region fries that come with the burgers for them would be a good idea. So for around $75 for me and my lady it was expensive but in my opinion didn't live up to the hype. Sadly the only way I would ever get the bacon mac n cheese burger would be if Guy himself made it to his standards and maybe then it Will be the great burger that it is claimed to be.
2	The Guy is a lie! Boring and dry was the best overall description of our dinner last night. The flavors were not on point and didn't scream BIG in-your-face-flavor as he had promised. The flavors were very one noted (simple if you will.) Salt was the most highlighted ingredient last evening. I love Guy and this won't stop me from enjoying his shows, but what the heck? There was no layering of flavor! None.Can you believe I had a nightmare last night because his food was such a total disappointment? I dreamt that I confronted Guy about how his food was misleading and that the flavors really missed the mark and he just dodged me! lol! I'm not giving them 1 star because our server Brittney was beautiful and amazing! I wish the same could be said about the food. :xMy boyfriend and I tried "The Ultimate Asian Chicken Wraps" ($13) - The portion on this one was horrendous, tiny bits of food here and there. But I would forgive them, if the food was actually fantastic. I can quickly recommend the Yard House and Cheesecake Factory for having better asian lettuce wraps - They have better portions, tastier meats and extremely complex and flavorful sauces in their versions. The sauces here were very simple - Peanut, sweet and sour, sweet soy. If I could tell each ingredient immediately right off the bat, that makes for an amateur sauce, if you ask me (the sauce queen.) The chicken sate skewers tasted identical to the Thai and Chinese restaurants in the mall's food court that offer you samples on toothpicks. Yeah it's moist, but it also lacks the finesse and flavor that you would come to expect from the Mayor of Flavortown. The Chinese minced chicken was beyond salt bombed. That's all we tasted, salt. It's funny to me that the idea of "Asian" inspired is to douse everything with soy sauce. Lol. Hey, there's more to asian flavors than just salty soy sauce. We also shared the "Big Dipper Sandwich" ($17) - The roast beef was bland, chewy, hard and dry. The fries were dried out and rock hard - they've been sitting on a heating rack, that's for sure. It's upsetting that they couldn't even manage to dish out freshly fried to order fries. The bread roll was hard and plain - where's the toasted garlic torpedo roll that was advertised? Definitely didn't taste any garlic. I also didn't taste the creamy horseradish sauce and the au jus?! Ha. Let's just say it tasted like worcestershire sauce and water. I dunked my sandwich and I didn't taste any richness, any soul, any flavor! I see a rosemary garnish but no rosemary flavor? Weird. The lovely (random) ladies next to us from Pennsylvania ordered the same and they were highly disappointed as well. They said it was "very dry." I'm relieved we didn't order more food because the truth is we didn't want to eat the rest of our food. It was all so upsetting. There is a slight chance we may come back to dabble in his wings and burgers but, man! were we disappointed! I've been triple D'(isappointed), D'(uped), D'(isgusted)(All the while Guy is laughing his way to the bank...)
5	I have to say that this place was well worth the wait. My husband surprised me for our Anniversary. The food was delish! We shared an order of Vegas fries and they were.....Uh-Maze-Zing! I ordered the Drunkin fish tacos for my main course and can I say that I was not disappointed. The fish was tender and all the fixins complimented it very well. Would definitely recommend to family and friends.
5	I wanted to grab a quick bite after my drive in from LA.  I was craving a burger and boy did Guy not disappoint. I've been to Johnny Garlic's in San Jose and I loved his burger there. For a Friday night the wait wasn't too bad about 45 minutes. But we got lucky and some spots on the bar opened up so sat down. Ordered some beers (great beer selections by the way) and Los Nachos del Jefe which were on point. Then on to the main event, The Off-Da-Hook Original Smash-Burger.  The name fits it perfectly it is definitely off the hook, the brioche bun is a great complement to Guy's Bourbon sauce. Bring your appetite as this thing is not only tasty but big.  The fries were also excellent but the main attraction is the burger.  If you  are looking for a burger in Vegas that will fill you up and make you happy this is the one!
5	Best lunch I've had at Vegas so far! BF and I were searching for an affordable and delicious lunch on our romantic Vegas getaway, Guy's fit the bill! It feels like the food is made with love! Necessary ingredient. Fast service, great food at "affordable" (for vegas) prices! Highly recommend if you're looking for good quality for under $20/person. Ordered nachos and each one had the perfect amount of cheese etc on it! BBQ wings were sooo good and served in a unique, convenient way. If you're near Mirage, Harrah's or Caesar,a eat at Guy's!
1	I hate to say this, but I have eaten meals at Applebee's that were better than the two times I have been here.  We went yesterday and while I do enjoy the atmosphere, that is about it.  The first time we went a few months ago, we thought it was just okay too, but not bad enough to post a review, but also not good enough either.  The items we have tried thus far:Fireball whiskey wings - not spicy at all, but i did like the lollipop style presentation.Carne asada tacos - no flavor to the meat at all.  Salsa bland as well.BBQ burger -  WAY better and much cheaper at Bobby's Burger Palace.Big Dipper roast beef sandwich - NO FLAVOR AT ALL!  No horseradish taste and the au jus tasted like canned beef broth.  Also, horribly tough meat that tasted faintly like smoke and the bread hardened up immediately as if microwaved.Both the above had an assortment of different fries tossed together that would have been good had they not tasted like they had been sitting under a heat lamp.Now mind you, nothing at all between the meats and the fries on both visits tasted like they had been hit with any seasoning at all. I am very surprised at the bland fast food quality for the prices they charge.  Guy always seems to be about flavor and nothing has it!!  I am a local and love his shows, which is why I gave him a second chance to begin with.  The restaurant seems to be about style only, not food and not service.Now, add to the fact that we had a snarky wannabe comedian for a waiter, who only came back to see if we wanted another drink after my husband was already done! Will not be back!!
5	I like this place. Really creative twists on bar and grill foods. Had Smash burger, fries, pepperoni wrapped bread twists to dip in cheese, and buffalo wings-super tasty. All food was great and presentation is 5 stars. Onion rings looked crunchy and a must try. 30 min wait just to sit at the bar, this place was packed after only being opened 3 months.
2	I am going to keep this short.  The place has great potential, but they need more training and quality control.  Cool place, premier location, terrific menu, but it lacks in service and quality at this point.  So I suggest let it works its bugs out for a while and then give it a try in 3-6 months. I have actually been there twice in the last 3 months. Once for dinner and once for breakfast, hoping for a over the top experience or one way ticket to flavor town.  I have to say both were belly flops on a frozen pond!! I write because I love!!  I am a big fan of the Guy Fieri brand!!
4	Definitely go! Delicious food, burgers were incredible and fries are a variety of waffle, shoe string and crinkle, which was a cool touch... Seasoning was amazing on them, too! Pretty pricey for a lunch of burgers and beers, but I'd say it's worth it. We went around 1pm and our food came out super quick! I'd go back!
1	The food is ok - NOT amazing like you will remember it when your credit card bill for $95 dollars(with tip, $80 without) comes in a month . We ordered the mac and cheese burger, the pork sandwich and 3 cocktails.  Big high calorie and fat portions (appropriate for sharing due to massive calories surely contained in each portion but we ordered separately not knowing). Now, the fries were the best I ever had.  Drinks were weak and expensive.  $12-15!  That should be a strong amazing drink for that price.  The lemon drop one came in a half empty glass that looked like the waiter had spilled half of it.  The other one was jammed full of ice and was weak as could be.  If this was it I'd give 3 stars.The worst part was the HORRIBLE service.  Our server talked as fast as an auctioneer I had to ask him to repeat!  He brought the food then we ate it. My friend was almost finished but not quite, I was about 2/3 done. He appears, says to us "are you done" while reaching his hand for her plate.  Flustered she just said yes. I had to say no.  Now I'm eating alone and being hurried along feeling bad about eating like I'm not in a eating competition. I finish my meal. THE MINUTE I FINISH, he comes by, grabs the plate, asks if we want dessert and if we WANT THE CHECK!  The attitude was like being at a low end Dennys with a waiter chasing table turnover for their instant tip.  The service did not deserve a penny of tip.  Of course we had to leave our 18% because that's how it is these days.  I could say he was just a one off but the other servers were whizzing past our table with trays held up and more than once came within an inch of banging right into my friends HEAD.  None of them apologized or even stopped.  Maybe its different if it's not a Thursday dinner at 6pm.  Maybe.
4	Very good food. Beautiful chicken wings. Even my salad was really tasty. Had to go salad to keep my figure you know. Christina the bartender was super friendly and took excellent care of us.
1	Food is awesome. Burgers are amazing... HOWEVER, sadly, one waitress completely ruined my experience there. Nichole was our waitress...was ok til the end. My account was in the negative for 4 days because of a mistake that she made, the bank charged me an overdraft fee--the restaurant's manager, Michael, has not followed through with anything he said he would. Nice guy, but "niceness" does not equal good customer service.
5	The best hamburger ever.  Better than homemade!  French fries very unique.   They had a sweet, salty taste.  You have to try them!  Everything was great- service, food quality, taste, atmosphere ....  I will go back to try the breakfast.
4	Great food, terrific service and a really fun atmosphere. Definitely a come back place
3	Definitely enough staff, and very friendly. I had the Pulled Pork sandwich,  not bad,  not as tasty as I assumed Flavor town would be. BBQ sauce was non existent. Nice touch with the 3 different type fries that come with your fries. Atmosphere was good,  music is loud.  I think this is a hotel owned restaurant,  licensed from Fieri,  at least by the taste of it.  The burgers looked amazing I must say,  wish I would have e gotten one of those. . I think you should try it just to say you have been there.
2	Not impressed. Man I really wanted to like this place. Guy seems to know food but I guess when you just franchise your name and don't bother with the follow up...We ordered burgers. When I told the guy I wanted mine medium, he said: we cook them medium well. What???!!!???It's cooked smash style. So a medium-well smashed burger. Dry. Loaded with toppings that do nothing but confuse your mouth. We were seated outside along with the only flies that exist in the entire state. And the loud day-drunk tunes coming from the midway club Carnavale. What a joke. Overpriced,  overhyped,  not really worth it.
1	I was so excited to come here. They wouldn't let me brink in my $30 souvenir cup. Screw you I wanted to try the food. Guy you should be ashamed , it's about the food not making money off booze. Such a sell out. Gordon Ramsey let's us bring our drinks in. But yeah he is a chef....
1	I really wanted to like this place but the service was terrible from the get go!! First when we walked in the hostess asked us how many we said 2 and she looked out the window at all the open seats and stared at it like they were busy!! After we got seated we waited for 15 min for someone to come to our table, when the waiter finally came he took our food and drink order. I ordered the burger with pastrami on it, it was ok but not worth $20 my daughter ordered the shrimp tacos which was ok.The food came we ate at the end of our meal our 2 arnold palmers finally came and when I told the girl I was done eating and didnt want it she rolled her eyes at me and said gah you dont want it? She then ran over to our waiter and pointed us out, the waiter brought our bill with the 2 drinks on the bill still and said dont worry I will take it off but he left the bill there. I questioned him and he said dont worry I will take it off, just minus the $8 yourself which I did, hopefully he minused it because there was no tip on there if he didnt!! I feel sad because I really wanted to like the place sadly I will not ever go back there!
5	I'm a HUGE fan of Guy Fieri (especially Triple D) so for my one night trip to Vegas, this restaurant was my number one pick. It was my bud's 21st birthday too so we had a party of 6. It was a Saturday night and we found the place after arriving on the Strip (great location at The Quad) and put our names in. I loved that we could just give them our numbers and chill out in a casino until the table was ready. After we were seated, our waiter introduced himself and the night went from average to TOP NOTCH. His name was Chris Anderson and not only did he know his stuff, but he was incredibly attentive and did everything possible to make our first visit THE BEST. We ordered the truffle fries as an appetizer and it blew our minds so much that Chris kept bringing out their truffle aioli later for our entrees. Between all os us, we took down the Mac & Cheese Burger (literally one of the best burgers I've ever had, everything down to the lettuce is flavored to a T), the Steak Asado tacos, the Double Barrel BBQ wings, and the Cheesecake for dessert. We only spent one night in Vegas and all we can remember is how good that meal was. They even put candles in the cheesecake and sang happy birthday. The only way it could have been better is if Guy himself was there, but eating at his restaurant was the next best thing.
3	We stopped in for a quick bite. My girl friend and I split the triple B burger. It was okay. Everything about it was just okay. Because it's a smash burger you can't choose how you want it cooked. They are all cooked medium well. The bun was a bit soggy (we have come to the conclusion that toasting a bun is an art most can't master). But it was fine. The 4 kinds of fries were good (they come with the burger) and each offered a unique taste. They were the best part. And the draft beer is priced really well! I don't recommend it but I don't discourage you from stopping by.
2	The 5-star reviews here are really bizarre.  Honestly, the food here is nothing special.  The mac and cheese burger is really very mediocre and bland.  The best burger/sandwich is the BBQ pork one with slaw and sweet pickles.  It's not that the food here is bad, but you are going to pay about $20 per person, and get a very small dish and likely walk away hungry.  If you're not from Vegas, you're probably not used to the presentation of the food, which might be why some people are going bonkers over this place.  But in all seriousness, the food is just like every other burger place on the strip, many of which have gone out of business (Max Brenner).  The name of the restaurant is what draws people here, but I promise that you will get a much better meal for cheaper elsewhere.
4	Good drink and great food. Laura was our waiter and she was coo. Even though she forgot about us for a while you could tell she didn't mean too she just had a thing about wanting to take care of all her customers which is understandable.  Good mixed drinks and food is the bomb. Beware unless your 90 lbs don't order chicken wings you get like 6 to 8 wings but there lollipop style so it's half a drumstick and no side comes with it for $16 smh. My buddy got a burger fries and salad for the same price and I'm the one with the big appetite
2	Had breakfast this morning and was very disappointed.  I am a big fan of Guy Fieri's and went out of my way (passing 50+ other competitors to visit his new Vegas restaurant.The food was very tasty and the portions were good however the service was not what I expected from one of his restaurants and that alone took away from our overall experience!Hostess experience was average.  Seated immediately outside.Waited 14 minutes for waiter to approach me.  No hello, no welcome to our restaurant!  "Have you decided?" is all I got.Another 17 minutes go by and the food finally arrives luke warm.  Normally this wait might not seem like much but most other tables already had their food so the kitchen couldn't have been "slammed".No refill on water.Done eating.  Waited more than 15 minutes for waiter to return so I could get the check.Tons of dirty tables with nobody cleaning off the dirty dishes.  Note to waiter:  Pull up your pants Sai!  Nobody wants to see your boxers!This shows that no matter how good the food - bad service takes the cake and leaves a lasting impression.Sorry Guy!  I am still a big fan though and I will continue my journey to your other eating establishments.
3	Needs to be better with a brand like his. He has huge potential because of his television persona but the restaurant is essentially a typical casual dining with slightly better food.Food quality: tasty and interesting. Had the wings and drunken tacos. Wings are great but very small, were those quail wings? Portions seem small for the price, my son had a burger said it was very good.Service: friendly but slow, bizarre disjointed room and table layout doesn't help. Greeters are clueless, 30 minute wait was over an hour and that's after I complained. Entrance is disappointing.Ambiance: poor, too dark, music is too low, table layout is terrible, too much empty space. Uncomfortable, you can't see or feel the vibe.Location: terrible for locals, ok if you are a first time Vegas tourist otherwise for the foodie or smart Vegas traveler it's a poor location.
5	This was the best place i ate at hands down on my most recent trip the servers were awesome the food was fantastic
5	Come here and they will give you good food or fix it. Waiter was superb!
1	The service was beyond awful! We waited 10+ minutes for soda refill, we had to ask 3 different people for a drink refill. The food was barely warm. Most of the serves were standing around talking instead of work. I'm very disappointed, I though this being a Guy Fieris place it would be awazing.
2	Woof woof, *pant*, *pant*, *pant*, woof woof  (I'll get back to this).Keeping it real, this is an eatery created by a marketing group for a TV personality rather than a chef driven restaurant.  Words like fresh, farm raised, organic are replaced by outta bounds, awesome, righteous,  slam dunk, mack daddy.  The flavors are very bold, bordering on over the top.  Most components of a dish compete rather than compliment.    Not a big deal if you spent the evening smoking a couple of cigars or killed your pallet on a packs of cigs.For "shareable",  respectable "sashimi won-taco" (fried won ton skin shaped like a taco shell filled with ahi mixed with a mango jicama salsa and topped with an odd sweetened soy and a wasabi aioli).  Passable but the aioli adds a flabbiness to the dish and obscures the flavor of the fish.  The "fondue dippers" are bizarre.  Breadsticks are wrapped in pepperoni then self dipped into a fondue of  oil stabilized provolone, sausage, and tomato.  Fans of a greasy pizza will be right at home.On to the sandwiches and burgers:"Come Rod.  Come here boy.  Sit.  Awww that's a good boy.  Now shake hands.  Awww Rod's a good doggie".Contrary to what my ex might say, I'm not a dog.  I don't expect my meal to be tossed on a plank, burger falling over, only half on the bun, toppings and sauce spilling everywhere and fries thrown on for good measure.A "big dipper" features tender slices of prime rib, smothered by melting pepper jack cheese, topped by over seasoned deep fried onions in a garlic spread with excessive, bitter horseradish.  Impossible to pick up, grease and oil mask the flavor of the beef.  The "off-da-hook smash burger" sports a decent mix of beef but obliterated by the cloyingly sweet, excessive bourbon bbq sauce.  They claim the bun is brioche, honestly the sauce kills the taste buds.  Finally the "mac-n-cheese bacon burger"  Cloying, greasy, way over the top.  The overstuffed burger is impossible to pickup and messy to eat.  A side of flavorful but soggy fries accompanies all selections.Props for service.  Fast and attentive.  Great for the Vegas tourist looking for the show.  Locals and regulars look elsewhere.
5	This was my forth time going to this restaurant. I return every time because of there appetizer nachos because they were the most unique and delicious nachos I've had. Unfortunately they were no longer on the menu. They had changed the menu according to our server ALEXANDERA! She was amazing and offered a similar dish. She was very nice and attentive! She really stood out to me because of her great service! I was sad about the nachos but the server made up for it! PLEASE BRING BACK THE NACHOS!
5	Very good food.  Great service.   We sat at the bar and had a great lunch.  The Asian wings were some of the best I have ever had.  Bloody marts looked good.... But didn't have one.  Tasty Carne Asada tacos too!!!
3	Visited Guy's restaurant in the Quad on Sunday night.  We were seated right away on the patio.   Our waitress was rehearsed and unnatural.  No recommendations made.  We had the lettuce wraps which were very good.  I ordered the turkey burger which was a huge disappointment.  The burger was dry and bigger than the bun....normally that's not a bad thing but in this case, the burger was dry, flat and burnt.  I almost sent it back.  My friend got the fish tacos which she said were just ok.   For the price and the name, I expected much more.  If it weren't for the lettuce rolls, this place would've gotten 2 stars.
5	As Guy would say, "OUT OF BOUNDS!!"  My husband and I LOVED this place.  We had the Fireball wings and the macaroni and cheese burger.  We tried just about every speciality drink on the menu while sitting at the bar watching Guy's film crew set up to film a commercial.  Service was impeccable, atmosphere was great, and BONUS--we got to meet Guy after he was done filming!!!  Super nice, and genuinely cares about his patrons and what's going on at this restaurant.  Will be back many times FOR SURE!
4	Food was very good with unique flavors and presentations. They were very busy when we went, but wait staff still nice and professional. I had the cocktail called Smoke and Mirrors - loved it!! It has fireball and a variety of juices.
3	This was a fun experience and we enjoyed sitting on the patio. The service was horrendous which contributes to the long wait times.  The food was ok, however, wasn't fabulous for the price. Drinks were expensive as well.
5	1. This place treats locals amazingly well. We faced a 25 minute wait, yet when we first talked to the hostess and mentioned we were locals here for a birthday she accommodated us and we were at a table in 5 minutes. 2. Our waiter was awesome. (Hey management, Greg was a killer guy and one of the best waiters I've ever had)3. Food was beyond delicious. I had the carne asada tacos and they blew out any tacos if ever had at a restaurant. Tortillas were especially good. I tried the BBQ chicken wings, and the BBQ sauce is extreme unique but equally delicious. Would recommend for anyone looking for dinner at the Linq, nice job Fieri
3	Food and atmosphere were great, but the tables with wooden stools at them near the bar area were a disappointment where we were seated at after being on a waiting list.   The lack of comfort without a backed seat makes one want to possibly find other eating options on the Vegas strip. For those with bad backs, ask to be seated in a particular area,  because they are not all the same. We watched 2 appetizer orders of pepperoni stick dippers get sent back because the costumers were full after getting their food either before or at the same time as their meal.
4	We all love Guy Fieri and were excited to see his restaurant in the nearby Quad. We arrived at 11am (just missed breakfast darn it) and were seated quickly. The restaurant does not have a kids menu, but our awesome waiter made sure our toddler was fed. He was good enough to check with the kitchen and we were able to order her a side of chicken and avocado. Our 14 month old loved it! We ordered the Triple T Fries, Victor's Street Tacos, Tatted Up Turkey Burder, Mac-N-Cheese Bacon Burger, and The Triple B Burger. All the entrees were delicious. Our waiter was great and the hostesses were friendly and gorgeous. We all had an amazing experience and will be returning.
1	One Word: DisappointedI was so excited to try Guy Fieri's restaurant, but wow was I disappointed. I love his shows on the Food Network and I have been for the longest time, but unfortunately this meal did not do it for me. I tried the sashimi tacos, takeout salad, buffalo fries, but the only thing that passed good/mediocre was the salad. Coming from such a popular chef I guess I came in with very high expectations. Sorry Guy*RECOMMENDATIONS1. Takeout salad - Creative setting, okay good (3.5)2. Sashimi Tacos - Too gamey fishy taste, garlic was too overpowering, mango did not complement the tuna. (0/5)3. Buffalo Fries - mediocre, good vegetarian option. (3/5)
2	Hubby and I stopped in because we really like watching Guy Fieri on Foodnetwork, so we had high hopes for this place. Needless to say, we were disappointed. The waiter was nice, but extremely slow & brought my husband the wrong beer. We had the chili cheese fries. I thought they were pretty tasty, but my husband thought they were a bit soggy. The portion size was enough for 4 people to share. I got the tilapia tacos & my husband got the regular cheeseburger. I had to send my entree back (which I never, ever do) because it straight up tasted & smelled like rotten fish. My Hubby's burger was soggy & over cooked. Our waiter took my entree off the bill, which was greatly appreciated. However, our bill was still over $70 for mediocre food. The atmosphere left a lot to be desired as well. Very disjointed table placement.
2	We go to Vegas all the time.  This restaurant was not "off the hook".  Service was so so and the food was good but not great. I'm not big on second chances in Las Vegas as there are so many options.  (Just like our experience at Old Homestead Steakhouse in Caesars Palace - don't waste your money.)  But I have faith in Guy Fieri - go bigger to make it better.  I love your shows!
5	Oh my god me and my bf were going here on a whim and the wait was an hour/ we got lucky and got a quick spot at the bar. Our server/ bartender was mike Whom def knew what he was talking about. Talked us into the most amazing food we've had in years!!!!!!! Not only were we blown away. Mike was the coolest servers we've had probably ever! Made our experience very memorable and we will go back but will ask for mike! Thanks!!!!!
5	Perfect place excellent service a Vegas must try!! There were to many great items on the menu so my gf and I trusted our server/bartender Mike he introduced us to the most amazing Mac n cheese burger ever!!! The place is so tasty and amazing big thanx to Mike in the Bar :)) extremely satisfied costumers
4	Had Victor's Stree Tacos (chicken tacos). Very tasty, the roasted-red salsa is so very good.The fun fact is the menus are on thick wooden clipboards - great for their novelty, these won't blow away in the wind! The misters are nice for the outdoors, kind of like patio heaters except for the desert.
5	This is my second time and it was just as good as the first! I had the Smash Burger and fries and it was delicious! We also ordered the pepperoni fondue as an appetizer. It was good but way too much cheese for the amount of pepperoni breadsticks you get. We've also tried the Motley Que sandwich the first time and it was also great! Fun atmosphere and typically a fairly short wait.
1	Guy Fieri, why do you do this to me!! I love your shows so much and I had such high expectations for your restaurant, but you let me down! I had to get the mac n cheese burger, because if anyone should know how to put together a crazy delicious burger combination, it's Guy. However, the flavors were seriously lacking- the mac n cheese tasted like watered down easy mac! The buffalo fries were equally disappointing- huge fried potato slices with buffalo and blue cheese dipping sauces on the side- the sauces were overpowering and the fries themselves too dry. I did taste my friend's tacos and I think they must be the winner on the menu, but again nothing to write home about if you've ever had a good taco in Southern California. I won't be returning. :(
2	Love Guy Fieri's show on the Food Network channel.  We had high expectations, but was sadly disappointed. The atmosphere was cool; we sat outside on the patio to listen to the music in the surrounding area/casino. Our server looked like he did not want to be there and was not pleasant. The Mac + Cheese Bacon burger was huge and pretty good. My husband's Triple B Burger was over seasoned, leaving a bad taste. All our fries with our meals were all too salty - over seasoned!  Even both our kids, who love fries, didn't like it or want any. The  Double Barrel BBQ wings were ok, nothing to brag about. Our server never checked on us during the meal, then all of a sudden, another server was asking if we wanted dessert. We kindly declined and asked for the bill. When we got it, some of the billing/charges were incorrect. If you have a "Total Rewards" players card, each of the meal prices should be discounted. This had not been the case,  only two items were discounted; the new server blamed our first server since he entered our order on the system/computer. Please review your itemize receipt before paying. They fixed the bill after we addressed it to the server, but if we didn't review it, then we would have paid more.
5	Excellent meal huge portions slightly limited menuI had the mac and cheese burger and it was super tasty and the trio of fries did not disappoint!
5	I love Guy's show, and I think he is great.  They were really busy the night we were there and didn't have a great experience from a service standpoint.  But I was amazed that one of their managers actually reached out to me about our experience!  We had the Sashimi Won-Tacos for an appetizer and they were really good!!!  I also really recommend the Chicken Lollipops, the Double Barrel BBQ Wings!  I ordered the Pulled Pork Sandwich called the Motley Que.  I like Guy's Carolina Style BBQ Sauce and I buy it at the store, I thought the sauce was a little on the sweet side.  But the Pretzel Bun and Slaw were good as well.  Also, the restaurant is right next to the High Roller.  So if you are planning on going there, it is a great place to stop on your way there.
1	We literally just walked out of te restaurant after waiting at the bar and being ignored. Like other posts noted, there were tables available, but a line and 10 minute wait. Dude - get it figured out.
2	I really like Guy Fieri, but I'm not a huge fan of his food.  His food tends to be so over the top as it tries to incorporate almost every culinary cliche known to man.  It is like TGIFriday's on steroids.  Of the dishes we had that night I thought the Motley Que was pretty decent albeit a little on the sweet side.  The bread n butter pickle chips gave a nice dimension to the sandwich.  Mac n cheese burger was a bit too much and flavor of mac n cheese got drowned out by the burger.  The Dragon's Breath Chili Cheese Fries is as if Nachos Supreme had an unholy love child with chili cheese fries.  I know that it may be a bit paradoxical, but there are so many flavors, that it ends up having no real flavor.  Service was a miss for us that night as our server never came  by to check on how we were doing.  Sure he passed our table many times...at warp speed. We even had to wait 20 min for our to-go containers.  But this may improve as time goes on as it was pretty clear that they were all overwhelmed. An interesting dinner to chalk one up on my list, but probably won't be returning. $20 for a burger?!?!? Seriously. Burgers should not be the same price as a lap dance.
1	horrid service, the bartender actually forgot to place my ONE and ONLY order of truffle fries while I was sitting in front of him for 45 mins.Sure it was a crowded night, but we sat right in front of him and he totally forgot our fries, how is that possible?!HE HAD ONE JOB! SERVE US FRIES!Anyway, it finally came and the $13 fries sucked. It was no wonder that when we first sat down, a guy who had just paid for his bill had left with half a plate of uneaten fries.
5	"Good, Good, and.....GOOD!" I always come for the cocktails and Thai Chicken Wraps. Service is good and I like the atmosphere, but some advice, "Get there nice and early for seating on a weekend".
4	I have nothing negative to say at all.  I had the turkey burger and it was absolutely amazing. To bad I couldn't eat it all. The service was great. Oh wait no I do haveOne negative thing to say. The seating was ridiculous, after a long flight from NC we settled for the bar. Of course it was probably the time of day but if I can visibly see tables are open and am told there is a 20 to an hour wait that is a problem. In such a high traffic area this should be well staffed. Otherwise great food and beers. Thanks for the experience Guy Fieri.
2	Service - some good, some awfulFood - Ok, nothing greatI sat at the bar for lunch, which was a little more than half full.  Unfortunately there was only one bar tender working, and she was having to move very fast to try to keep up with everything going on.  I ordered an appetizer and a sandwich - after about 15 minutes the sandwich arrived, but no appetizer.  The runner called over the bar tender, and they offered to take the sandwich back and keep it warm until I was ready for it - I said no, I would take the sandwich and they should take the appetizer off the bill.  After I was done with the sandwich and fries, waiting for check, the appetizer came out, and tried to get me to take it to go.  I was out for the day, and I wasn't going to leave the food in the car on a 100 degree day to spoil.The cajun sandwich was tasty, but greasy and too messy - plan on having several pieces falling out of the sandwich (and chances are down your shirt)was a disappointment to say the least
3	An okay experience.  We just ordered burgers and sodas for $50?  The burger itself tasted really good.  I agree with a previous reviewer that the Mac and Cheese in the burger is bland.  Service was inconsistent.  A couple seated at the same time we were had a much better waiter.  We waited about 15 minutes for our drinks.
3	Turkery burger with smoke gouda cheease was the highlight. Everything else fell short.
5	First restaurant we have been to in Vegas. We had a short waiting time which we expected. We sat outside and ordered some beers. We ordered the Mac and cheese burger and the chicken tacos. They were thee best entrees I have had in a long time. They were so filling and so delicious. We then decided to do the "tapped by guy" beer sampler. It was fun and we even got a free shirt. Our waiter nick was amazing. I would definitely ask for him if we were to go back. He was hilarious and so kind. Love love love this place
2	Limited chooses on the menu, the food was fair. POOR customer service & LOTS of flies & net bugs..
1	Worst service ever sat there for 15 minutes another server brought us water but that was it..it's ashamed food looked pretty good but the service was the worst
1	The ambiance and location are great. Unfortunately those are  the only good qualities. The service is slower than one would expect at a four star reviewed restaurant. At times you feel as if you were forgotten  and no one at anytime came to check if the food was ok. The food it's self would be fine if served separately but the Mac and cheese burger was an overload of flavors that would have taste the same if served after being in a blender. I have a funny feeling that the cooks are chain smokers as all of the food is way over salted. We also ordered the street tacos that taste fine but was cold. By the expressions on the staffs faces it looks like a miserable place to work....not one of them were smiling! Very disappointing.
1	Went back even with all the choices in Vegas cause we had such a great experience the first time. What an epic failure in food and service second time. After not finding the nachos that inspired my previous review the waitress informed us the menu had changed and yesterday was the last day they served those . Really ? They took too long to make and slowed up the kitchen . Really ? First don't tell someone clearly disappointment about a menu item they're a day late and charge me more if u can't make a profit .  Also missing was taco sampler. When food arrived my husband tacos looked like steak not chicken, we told waitress and she gave some speech about changing the marinade. After another bite and further inspection they were clearly steak. She did not return to table until I have finished my meal to check back. She was over seated and obviously stressed out. She took the food , never offered to replace with correct food or anything. Came back awhile later to bring check and sad she removed form ticket. We never asked her to, just wanted what we ordered. We left hungry, bummed, and won't be visiting again. Too bad, they really were great nachos
5	#GuyFieri Food is AWESOME, ambiance is AWESOME, service is AWESOME, parking not AWESOME in fact is far unless you are walking on the strip then is right there. FYI, I will comeback for sure!!!
4	This place was great! The staff are very friendly and attentive.  I ate the carne asada street tacos. They weren't the best street tacos that I have had but they were alright. All of the food was plated beautifully.
2	I have to say I'm very disappointed at this restaurant... Came here because I used to watch Guy on the food Channel all the time and wanted to give it a shot.. We order the famous Mac&Cheese burger and the chicken taco.. The Mac&Cheese burger just tasted weird I think it's because they didn't cook the Mac&Cheese right.. I can barely taste the cheese and the meat didn't get any taste to it either.. The price is higher than it deserves.. I learned my lesson now that if I want to get a burger I'll just go back to Gorden Ramsay Burger in Planet Hollywood.. Tastes so much better and actually cheaper.. The chicken taco is just ok.. Not something I would be coming back for.. I give this place a 2 stars because the server was pretty nice and that's about it.
3	The food was great. We had a party of three and sat at the bar because we wanted to watch football. The woman bartender was rude.
2	The pepperoni breadstick fondue was amazing and so we're the drinks I had. The mac and cheese burger was not as outstanding as I would have expected especially since it claimed to win some kind of award. And at nearly $20 for the burger alone, it was pretty pricey. All in all, I'd come back for the apps and drinks, but that's about it.
5	Great service and meal yesterday. We were so full no room for dessert. The great hostess invited us back sometime just for dessert. We took her up on that today.  We got the same hostess today and she  welcomed us back.  Choose the Oreo mint sundae.   WOW. More then enough for the two if us and what a nice treat Thank you too to the young lady who was on duty as the manager and buy us coffee . She came to the table to talk to us and ask where we were visiting from.  Folks you will marvel at the service, taste and portions
3	Looking for a place to grab some breakfast, we stumbled upon this place while venturing south on the strip. They had a sign saying they had a new breakfast menu, so why not? Overall, the place is what you would expect from a restaurant with Guy Fieri's name on it, kind of trendy but also made to look divey...you know what I mean. The breakfast menu is actually pretty decent as there were several delicious options to choose from. I went with the Chilaquiles and they were pretty good. Quite large for chilaquiles, they were almost like pieces of ravioli and the bits of steak had a wood-fired aftertaste with them, so extra points there. The prices are about what you would expect for The Strip, about 15 bucks for the entrees and most drinks were running around 12. The service was a bit spotty, but a good place to stop for breakfast.
4	My wife and I were in Vegas and wanted to try it.  Many of the reviews were not great so while I was a little skeptical we went anyway.  It was a Monday about lunch time.  We got seated quickly and after a couple minutes we were brought water and offered drinks.   Service throughout was very good all the staff was all very friendly. everyone helped stopped by asked what we needed.  We ordered the cheese fries which were amazing crispy waffle fries with chili pico cheese sour cream awesome.  I had the Mac and cheeseburger and my wife had the triple d which after the fries was a lot of food.  Burgers were very good if say probably a 4 i have had a few places that were better but definitely would come back.  Louis waited on us he did a great job interacting with us and made the lunch enjoyable.  Try it and enjoy!
5	This place was top notch. We came to Vegas for the weekend and ended up eating here twice. The chorizo nachos were amazing, and the turkey burger was up there with the best burgers I have ever had, so juicy and full of flavor, not to mention GIANT. Love this place. It is unique and really holds it's own out on the strip next to the other big time chefs' restaurants.
4	Had the mac and cheese burger and awesome fondue dippers.  Loved the fondue dippers and more mac and cheese on the burger please.  Super server Alex!!!
4	Visited here on vacation.  The Mac N Cheese burger was awesome.  Alex  was very helpful and looked great in her little denim dress.  Great visit!
5	The Mac and Cheese burger was amazing!!!!!! I am a Midwest girl and love my beef....this is the best burger I have had in a long time! The atmosphere is great (right in the middle of the action in the center of the strip) and very upbeat! I strongly recommend coming to this place for dinner and sitting outside! Great people watching and a band in the background at the quad! Also, Nicole is an amazing waitress! She was so friendly and knowledgeable! Great service from her! Definitely coming back on my next trip!
5	Excellent meal. Great service. Our server, Greg, was really patient, helpful, and was there when we needed him. The manager stopped by and she was real friendly and easy going. My group ate the various street tacos and loved them! Another had the burger and was happy the rest of the evening. I recommend checking it out when you have a chance.
5	I consider myself a chicken wing aficionado, so I had to try the Fireball Whisky Wings. They were ABSOLUTELY AMAZING! The presentation was beautiful and the flavor was mind blowing. You get the sweetness from the Fireball and the heat of the hot sauce that perfectly balance each other. The service at the bar was great and the staff was very attentive. I'm definitely be back soon to try one of their burgers!
1	Last time a visit here. Way too much food, very slow. Staff seemed confused, lost. What a let down.
5	First NYC, now Vegas.  Guy is really on a roll.  And what they both have in common, they serve the best food from his best workers there.  Christina and Laura, who works at the bar, are such sweethearts.  They served me well and served with their best smiles.  And I told them bout me being a loyal customer in NYC.  They loved that so much, the manager Harvey was nice to take a pic of me eating and post it on Instagram.  The best meal I had was their Mac & Cheese Bacon Burger.  Once again, the S.S. Flavortown has set sail.  Thanks for everything and wish you Guy and everyone the best and keep on Doing Work.
5	This was a really flavorful experience from the iced tea through dessert. The Bloody Mary was excellent. The wonton sashimi taco appetizer was light yet packed full of flavor. The BBQ was perfectly sweet and finger-lickin' good. The Drunk fish tacos were good but a slight disappointment after the wonton taco appetizer. Churros crispy and a good ending.
5	It was the best of Guy, it was the worst of Guy...I know the place has gotten mixed reviews, but the Missus and I loved the food and the atmosphere.   We had the breadsticks wrapped in Pepperoni with a sausage cheese fondue dipping sauce for our app... Over the top, to quote Mr. F.   Entree for me was the Cajun sandwich with grilled chicken, sausage, peppers... Heaven on a hogie.   The Missus did the wings, which she went nuts for.... And we both loved the fries 3 ways.Great times, hard working, friendly staff, cool... Until.Some self important manager in a suit (the only staff member that wasn't dressed in Guy-style) started huffing around, bossing the staff around.   The people beside us at the bar had only gotten up a minute before when he strutted up and bellowed, "Get this cleaned up, this side of the bar is filthy!"   Mind you, the staff was working their asses off, and didn't need to be bullied... Nor did we, as customers, have to witness it.So... Great food, mostly cool people, enjoyed.   Note to manager... Put on a jersey and take the stick out... You were a buzz kill.
5	Killer Food!!! Burger is massive Tacos were great!!! Huge portions. Service was great! The servers here know their food!
5	It was worth the wait GREAT FOOD AND SERVICE.. Highly recommend the Mac and cheese burger we will be back! If we knew it was this good we would of continued waiting the first time!!
5	Food was great!!! Had the cheesecake shared it with my husband and I literally cannot breath!!!
1	Stumbled on this place for breakfast. I love watching Guy so was excited to try the food.   Unfortunately not impressed at all.  I ordered the Chilaquiles which sounded delicious. Despite the place being very busy my food was just lukewarm when it came out and the whites of my eggs weren't cooked.  I'm all  about a runny yolk but not a fan of runny whites. The service was pretty good though.  It didn't make up for the very mediocre food.
1	So bad! The service was ok, but the food was abominable. We got two appetizers, the sashimi wan-tacos and the lettuce wraps, and the tacos were so bad we sent them back (which I never do). It was like there was chalk in them! The lettuce wraps were ok, but the peanut sauce tasted like they blended skippies with canola oil. Not impressed! If I'm paying $15 for an appetizer it should at least be edible. Guy Fieri should be embarrassed!
5	I know who Guy Fieri is, but was never a fan of the Food Network.  But I am a fan of good food, and I got it here!My girlfriend and I stepped in for a late lunch.  We noticed right away that the fun atmosphere was reflected all the way down to the skull napkins.We ordered the Won Tacos for an appetizer, which was recommended by our server.  The right amount of heat on tuna tacos. I could have just eaten a couple more of these and had been happy.  Very good.I ordered the Double Barrel BBQ wings.  I was initially skeptical because I thought that the effort to make them "lollipop" wings (pushing all of the meat to one end of the bone) was to disguise something was missing.  But I was wrong, they were delicious all around.It's a burger joint, so we had to order a burger.  my girl got the Smash Burger, which was great.  The plating was again fun, a little bit heavy on the salt-side but nothing overwhelming.  Service was great.  Our server was Jill, and not only did she know about all of the food, she was easy to interact with.  You can tell she cares about her job because she expresses the "fun" nature that this place tries to provide its customers.I have to get going, I'm off to watch some Food Network.
5	Was quite a bit of a wait......BUT it was well worth the wait.  The entire meal was Freakin Delicious!   Would definitely come back to Vegas just to try other menu items.
5	OMG.... Awesome food.  Awesome service. Definitely our favorite place to eat in Vegas.
2	Out of steak on a Monday, before the real dinner crowd gets here. Who runs out of steak in Las Vegas?? Love Guy on TV, but probably won't be back here.
2	Skip the tacos....get the burger.First I have to say that I am a HUGE Guy Fieri fan so was very excited to eat at one of his restaurants...that being said, I should have waited to make it to California before I ate at one of his restaurants... From the start it was an awkward place to go, when we went to put our name in to be seated our name were not taken and we were told that we could wait in the seats around the corner out of the Hostesses view.  We sat there for a second then opted to stand in the tiny waiting area as we were not confident she would remember that we were there.  We were escorted to our table and given very awkward planks of wood with the menu items on it (in the style of a clipboard).   Once we decided on what we wanted we waited...and waited...and waited for our server.  When he got there we both ordered the tacos (the chicken and steak respectively).  I was impressed by the burgers so I didn't think about taco size.  When they arrived I was FLOORED - for $16 I got 4 small tacos....appetizer size!.  I looked in disbelieve at my tacos compared to the burgers.  I wasn't expecting huge tacos but the were so small that I asked if maybe we accidentally got the kids size tacos.  Nope those were the adult tacos.   Had I known that I would have skipped Guy's totally and gone to Bobby Burger Palace.. Not really worth it...even in Las Vegas
4	Sit at the bar!  It's fun and full of action!  We ended up being quite happy that there was a wait for restaurant seating on a recent September Saturday morning.  Hungry, we opted to check out the bar, and got VERY lucky when a couple got up and left, vacating the perfect comfy spot for us.  Honestly, this was the most comfortable bar stool I've ever sat in! We settled in and connected with new friends (they even let us try their Sweet Tea giant drink.  (way better than I would have thought, and surprisingly not too sweet!).  For around $35 you can get a giant fishbowl full of about 5 drinks that includes a free t-shirt.  Not a bad deal! We even watched them walk vs. stumble out later.  Kudos new friends!However still breakfast to us, we opted to go a little easier than that...very good regular iced tea for me, and a couple brews for Husband.  Later I added a  "Lemon Drop...Not", which was very good. Hungry, we had to start with the Guy-talian Fondue Dippers. (after I presented our Bartender with my Total Rewards card to save a buck per item).  Good thing we had already ordered our mains before this arrived, or we might have been fine with just these.  Huge, majorly rich, and totally off the hook!  Where else would you find pepperoni wrapped breadsticks with a cheese fondue with sausage, tomato and basil in it?  With a kicker of pepperoncini to cut through the richness? NO where else...  Thanks Guy!Our Bartender was so awesome that she saved our leftover fondue for future fry-dipping...wise gal...loved her and her hard-working cohorts!  Husband's '67 Cajun Sandwich was flavor-town indeed!  I know because of the small taste that he was willing to part with. He did more (slightly) willingly share his trio of fries with chipotle ketchup.  Yum to all of them!  Meanwhile I was chowing down on The General's Wings.  As good as these were, they were wayyy sweet.  Would have loved to share them and have something else with them as well, but alas Husband doesn't do bones.  Loved that they were served with crushed wasabi peas, peanuts and sesame sticks to dip the sticky sweetness into.  The salty crunch was a perfect compliment.  I didn't waste a bit.  (you're welcome, Grandma in heaven).  Needless to say we were way too full to even contemplate desserts.Had an absolutely delightful time...UNTIL a big suit guy (the kind you see in the pit at a casino that is intimidating) come barging over to complain to the hard-working Bartenders that the area was "messy".  (our neighbors had JUST left...you know, the ones that had just spent all that money on two breakfasts and several drinks including the giant one?) Our Server had been asked by us to settle up and was just coming back with it when he complained to her.  This made us feel HORRIBLE.  Like we had made her get in trouble...management, NOT COOL.  We were all doing great until you came along.  As they say...it's not what you say but how you say it...and from what we've seen on television, didn't feel like Guy style...just sayin'.
3	There is a steady stream of people. Inside and outside seating. Beer selection is limited and not geared to a wide taste range (not impressed). Range of food selection good. We had the Mac-n-cheese burger and the Pik-nik (turkey) sandwich (both come with the quad fries). The turkey sandwich was dry, the bun was good though salty. No salt and pepper on the table, but they will bring when requested.
3	I love Guy and was excited to try his food!We had a BBQ pork sandwich thatwas delicious. It was juicy and the BBQ sauce was amazing. It came with a Trio of fried potatoes...waffle, crinkle and sticks.all were perfectly fried and the individual spices were delicious.  The sandwich had a coleslaw topping also. The service was horrible. We had a nice waiter but he was a Guy F. "wannabe" that did not know when to shut up. We waited a long time for our drinks (JUST soda's which came after our food??)there was a large table of 6 or 7 and while I know it's not his fault ...he answered every question ad nauseum. From every single person about every single item...there is a point where...WTH???  The table next to us was getting pretty upset..they wanted their check. We waited for ever for every little thing...because he wouldn't quit talking to everyone...we finally got out churros which were served with caramel sauce and chocolate sauce and they were sooooo crispy and tasty. Perfect...spot on. Never got refills...barely got our check which comes with a survey...annoying...The food was perfect. If Guy got the same service we did ..HE would not go back.
2	Ok...so I came here because it's Guy Fieri, I admit it. I've seen his food on TV and it looks good. Pics on yelp looked good. Arrived early for breakfast. Place had cool decor, staff was friendly, felt comfortable immediately. I ordered the steak chilaquilles and my mom the chorizo burrito. She tried ordering a hot chocolate, they don't have it on menu. Fine, no biggie, a little odd but we ordered something else. Food came out promptly, and it looked amazing. Unfortunately and extremely disappointing, the food was bland! How can something that looks sooo good and has so many ingredients lack so much flavor. Moms burrito lacked something as well....flavor. Bummer!Nothing against the staff, they were great but I wouldn't be back or give my recommendation. If the food's no good, what's the point!
5	Today I celebrated my birthday by a surprise lunch at the grill. Great place. Huge plates of mouth watering food. The service was great the food was out of this world. We will be back.
5	The burgers & street tacos have a unique taste & style to them. Also, the french fries come in a assortment (waffle, straight, etc.). Mix that in with the Las Vegas atmosphere and its experience I wont forget.
1	Service sucks! It's not even busy and the food took 30+ min to arrive --- I ordered the drunken fish tacos and came out dried and the avocado black not fresh at all! My friend had a burger and the patty was so dried that he could not even eat it!  I am surprised this place is still open!
5	The best! So delish - sat our party of four quickly for a busy Thursday night. Had great fish tacos and BBQ wings with my hubby - the wings were smothered in the greatest bbq sauce we've ever had, and the dipping sauce was so tasty. We ordered the cheesecake for dessert - so glad we shared! Really great mix of sweet and salty. Also, we loved the way all of the food was presented. Great trays, plates, taco stands, etc. Awesome!
5	The food here is amazing! Try the of the hook burger, it's delicious. The name definitely fits!  The ambiance is pretty cool, they have all the current sports games playing!  Will definitely come back!
5	Unbelievable! Best burger ever.  We had to eat here.  My son says "Ramsay you went down big time!". I agree. Mac-n-cheese bacon burger and turkey burger were tried.  Nick the sheriff was awesome too!  Next time in Vegas this will be a sure stop.
4	Stopped in for a late lunch with my family on a whim. We were actually heading for Margaritaville and saw this restaurant. Being fans of DDD, had to stop in.The good:Attention and service from Christopher was outstanding. Drinks were always filled. Very helpful with the menu. Managers also stopped by frequently to check up on us.The nachos were the best ever! First, they prepare the dish by spreading out the chips in a single layer and putting all the toppings on every chip before baking. Then they pile the chips onto the serving plate. The effect is that every chip has cheese and toppings on it. No blank chips in the middle and bottom. Plus, tons of flavor on the toppings.Lettuce wraps were fantastic. Served with chicken cooked two different ways and a flavorful sauce. The chili was outstanding. Very mild, but served with Sriracha so that you could add heat to your own taste.The not-so-good:Food was slow coming out. Obviously a kitchen issue, because at every round, the waiter came by to apologize and say the food would be out soon.The hamburger was just OK. My son said he would prefer a Red Robin burger.
5	10 stars if I can awesome food superb service Melanie was awsome thank you so much for the great experience  I'm here on. Vacation and when I'm back on vegas I'll be back here for sure
5	Went there last night. Burger was great and service was awesome! Did not disappoint. I would recommend this place to anyone who loves gourmet burgers.
3	Drinks: Decent beer with fairly well made cocktails. Apps: Pretzel pepperoni fondue was excellent! Triple T truffle fries also very good, making it difficult for anyone to stop eating until the someone is practically licking the plate. Main course: Bacon Mac and Cheese burger was tasty. Not the best burger I've had (which is Au Cheval in Chicago by the way), but still very good. Overall: Great birthday dinner. Would I come back- maybe for that fondue, but again cheese is the way to my heart.
4	The wife and I sat at the bar. The bartender (blond hair) was a not very friendly since we didn't order any liquor. Her attitude could have been better. I had a burger and the wife had the small beef tacos. Both were great tasting. The wife asked if the tacos were available with flour and was told No, a better response would have been " no I am sorry we only offer corn" ---- maybe she needs more customer service training AND FOR GOD SAKES -Smile
5	Loved the good, and service was great. We had a party of 6 and we waited 45mins...not bad! Everyone had something different but everyone loved there food! Amazing combination of food which made the tastes very unique and delicious! Would recommend for anyone!!!
5	great burger!this was my first time  eating at this place and all I can say is everything looked yummie! I tried the mac and cheese burger and it was so mouth watering. making this a regular place to stop by every time I come
2	So my husband and I went on a date night, and my friend said we had to try Guy's restaurant so we decided we would. There was no wait when we got there on a Saturday night around 9:30pm. It was a cool setting. I liked the decorations and the menus, however it was a bit cramped. The waiter was friendly and took our drink order, we like to order appetizers, but the selection was very limited so we just decided to order our dinners. We both ordered the Mac-n-cheese burger which also comes with fries. It took about 20-30 minutes for our food to come so it wasn't too long of a wait. I was super excited to try this burger, recommended by the hostess. I was not impressed. The burger was a good size but for being a Mac-n-cheese burger you could hardly taste any cheese. I was a little disappointed. It was cool they the burger came with a side of 4 different types of fries, however they were COATED with seasoning making them really hard to eat. All I tasted when I ate them was the chili pepper salt mix that was covering them. I love food network and Guy's show, but I was sadly disappointed with the quality of the food. I thought for $20 I would get a little better burger than it was. Most likely won't go back, which I'm sad about because I was so excited to try it.
4	Great fries!!! The smash burger was awesome and so was the Motley Que ! Would love to try breakfast!
5	It was my first time and it wont be my last. We had great food, good serves and Melanie the gm was awesome! Thanks Melanie for taking good care of us.
5	Guy hits it out of the park with this one! I have been there several times now and each time was as great as the first. The burgers are always cooked to perfection and toppings are on point for each variation. The truffle fries are to die for! Unfortunately I have never tried a dessert there because the entree and appetizers are such large portions there is no room. but one of these times I will skip the appetizer and get a dessert. Keep up the great work Guy my family and I love it!
3	The rock n roll of burgers.... I had the Mac n Cheese burger.... I suggest sharing this one cause it is pretty big and filling... after more then eating half I was really cheesed out. The service was great since it wasn't to busy. I will surely try this place again cause lately I been trying to find the best burgers wherever I go.
5	Wow had a great time loved what we ordered.  Shared the bbq pulled pork on pretzel bun and the Italian deli salad!! It was off the chain!!  Defiantly will go back!  Would love to meet Guy ;) been following him since he won the food network star woohoo!   Keep up the god work!!
3	Food was decent but there is a huge difference between smoke and the taste of charcoal. The bacon and pulled pork both tasted like charcoal. Drinks and service were good though.
4	It was good..pricey but good! Ordered a burger it was a lot of food...cute theme..even cuter server. .damn! Lol I liked this place better than guys restaurant here in the bay area!
5	This place is excellent. I had the Motley Que and it was excellent. The smokiness of the pulled pork. It was also juicy and moist. If you come to eat here, this sandwich is a MUST try.
5	Great food.   Lot's of unique sandwiches.   I love the fries and how they come with a variety of different cuts of fries.   Service was great and it's nice being able to use Harrah's points.
2	I was sadly disappointed in this restaurant. I wanted there to be more Guy memorabilia but he was pretty much not present in the entire place. I also wanted the food to be really good and it was just okay. It was way overpriced we got 4 tiny tiny tacos for $18. It wasn't even worth $10. just a bunch of lettuce cheese and tomatoes stuffed into a taco shell.nothing special. Also the service was pretty bad, not that they were rude or anything they just neglected us. We had asked for two plates for the tacos and they didn't bring it to us until after we didn't need it because they didn't even check on this until way after food it come out. They didn't refill our waters until the end of our meal either which was annoying. I would skip it next time definitely not coming back.
4	We were a bit apprehensive after reading the bad reviews but we had a very good experience. We had about a 30 minute wait on Saturday evening and were seated as promised. I always love accurate wait estimates. We ordered the pepperoni fondue sticks to start and they were absolutely delicious. For the main dishes, my husband ordered the chicken sandwich and I ordered the steak tacos. I loved my dish and the side of fries that came with my husband's sandwich. I questioned all the reviews raving about the fries but now I totally get it. The fries are totally delicious and there were four different kinds. Best fries I've ever had! The only negative was service. It took us a while to get waters and drinks--they only came after our appetizer arrived--and our server didn't check in on us very frequently and gave us some attitude when we asked for drink refills.
5	I love burgers, especially the more gourmet kind. we went here recently for an early dinner and split  a burger and an order of the spicy Asian wings. First of all I loved the plating, enjoyed the outdoor seating and the servers were friendly and prompt. Everything was cooked to perfection and tasted amazing. I would happily have eaten there again the next day but we wanted to try new places. Honestly I have eaten a lot of great burgers but this is one of the best, it was WAY better than Gorden Ramseys BurgR at Planet Hollywood ( burgers here were good but nothing memorable at all). I would say the Guy Fieri is comparably good as Umami or the Counter which I believe are some of the best burger joints on the upscale end.Go. Go immediately.
3	Good food, good atmosphere, but a little disappointing. Having watched Guy's show, I was excited to eat here. I even remember cheering for him on his initial appearance on a Food Network amateur cooking competition show. And then I read about his menu...I was looking so forward to the Mac & Cheese Bacon Burger thinking it sounded as good as it could get. I arrived with 8 friends and it took about an hour and a half for a table to open. The interesting thing is that while I sat at the bar waiting, there were more than several empty tables around. When we sat down, the waiter was friendly and delivered our menus then literally disappeared for 20mins. After our orders were placed, the appetizers arrived promptly. I had the fondue dipper....breadsticks, wrapped in pepperoni, with a bowl of chews to dip them in, truly a guy's heaven. The food was gobbled up and we sat waiting. So we ran down the waiter and ordered another round of drinks, and we waited. (There seems to be a theme here). The drinks came, we kept talking and drinking and waiting for our food. When it came, it looked incredible. It was presented very well. I launched into my burger with gusto expecting to be astounded...and I got only "meh". Such a shame! I so wanted that burger to be the end all. It was good, just not great. But it was HUGE! A couple could split this and still take some home. And then the bill came. I had a beer, a burger, a coke, and an appetizer...$56. The burger alone was $20. All in all it was decent. And I loved the super open kitchen they have so you can watch them at work. Maybe the public view keeps the cooks from adding the magic because the food, although good, was uninspiring. Then add in the price (given its on the Strip and has Strip prices), I don't think I'll return - There are plenty of other awesome good burgers in Vegas.
4	I have never enjoyed Guy on Food Network, but my husband was interested in his restaurant and the menu was interesting so went there for dinner last night.  I'm so glad we did! It was close to perfect.  It was the best presentation of food we have ever seen at a medium priced restaurant.  The fondue for an appetizer was good but not great.  However the entrees were both very very good.  We definitely go back!
4	Actual rating 3.75 stars.I had some friends in town and wanted to give this place another chance.  I was feeling adventurous and tried the smoke and mirrors.fireball cinnamon whisky, fresh lemon juice, apple & cherry Juice dash of lagavulin single maltI really enjoyed this drink.  For food starters we split the Fondue Dippers, crisp breadsticks wrapped with pepperoni and an amazing provolone and sausage cheese dip. The breadsticks were forgettable but the dip was fantastic.  We took the manager's advice and kept the dip for our fries later.For my entree I went with the 67 Cajun sandwich. From the menu " This one packs a punch! It's crammed with blackened chicken, Andouille sausage, cheddar cheese, the creole trinity + Louisiana hot sauce."I got the hot sauce on the side.  The chicken, sausage and cheese were excellent.  I was a bit disappointed with the hot sauce as it tasted more buffalo than cajun but because I had it on the side, I was able to dip into the provolone dip.  The bread was a little chewy and didn't add anything to the dish but didn't hurt it either.What struck me about this visit was the shrimp tacos that were skimpy and bland the first time we came were smothered in shrimp this time.  My friend enjoyed them.  The mac and cheese burger was also a hit with my other dining mate.The fries remain the hit though and I still get a kick out of the different fries mixed together.  For desert we had the smores.  a monte cristo style desert that rocked.  We couldn't finish it between the three of us because we were stuffed.Finally, I commend the service again.  Colie (sp?) was an excellent waitress with a sharp wit and happy to make suggestions.  Colie really took this up to the fourth star.  We also got to meet Chef Kyle and the managers and I am really impressed with their commitment to the restaurant's success and desire for it to stand on its own.  Try it for yourself, it has a lot to offer!
2	I had the drunken fish tacos and my husband had the shrimp tacos. We have had the same thing at Chili's before for half price with half the wait for a table. The breadstick and fondue appetizer was off balance, way too much cheese left over and nothing to eat it with. The breadsticks were more like crackers wrapped in pepperoni. The only real highlight of the meal was an amazing Bloody Mary complete with candied bacon. Other than that, I expected more from a "celebrity" chef. All hype and no real substance.
3	the mac and cheese burger is exactly what it is: all of your evil food pleasures piled on top of each other and of course it's delicious. Other than that, nothing too extraordinary. Has a fun denim western look, lots of TVs for sports. The server was great, friendly, excited and helpful. The group of girls standing around the entrance as hostesses looked bored  and were unfriendly.
4	I ordered the Carne Asada Street Tacos and my boyfriend ordered the Mac n Cheese Bacon burger. Both dishes were delicious. The Quad Fries had awesome seasoning. Our server was friendly and, since we are tourists, she was helpful in answering our questions about the Strip. Overall: WORTH IT.
2	Food was GREAT!!! Exactly what we were hoping for! But TERRIBLE SERVICE! Watch out for the red headed butch hair cut woman at the bar... My boyfriend spilled his glass of ice on the bar table... He apologized for it and the woman glared at him then took her hand and SWATTED the ice on the floor!!! VERY RUDE! And VERY UNPROFESSIONAL!!! It was an accident!!!I'm sorry but it's not just the food that makes a restaurant... It's the staff and the overall experience.  Never coming here again. She left us leaving in a bad mood and I was quite frankly not hungry anymore. I did not finish my plate...it's a shame because I was looking forward to this experience... I come from rochester ny. I work at Wegmans!  One of THE TOP 100 places to work for! Wegmans employees go out of their way EVERYDAY to make sure customers walk out with a smile on their face! No smiles here.... Never again. NEVER! Sorry Guy....
5	Fantastic food!  Our table of four all shared -- no one was disappointed. Server was excellent - additional staff joked around with us. Great atmosphere.  Price was what we expected on the Strip.  If you want cheap -- McDonald's is nearby so don't complain about price.  You get what you pay for.  Will definitely come back.  BTW - the Mac & Cheese Burger was out-of-the-world!
4	Food - 3.8Service 5Total stars 4Ok so the food pre meets the expectations of the photos i viewed prior to dining here tonight. The fries were so good that I honestly wasn't as hungry once my burger arrived, but I still cut that sucker in half and did my best to eat every bit. I ordered the mac n cheese burger with a special request of pastrami on it. Figured I switch it up a bit and I was happy to do so. Our server was name Nick and he was FANTASTIC. Superb service for a burger joint. He made our experience that much better due to his patience and willingness to help us find the entrees we were in the mood for and we appreciate that. So for recommendations, here our suggestions.Truffle fries (be carefully as the portion is super large)Pepperoni sticks (personally liked the dip more than the sticks but the wife liked them)Chicken wings (good and fancy not mind blowing)Mac n cheese (overrated in my opinion or more like the outback of steakhouses kind of burger) if you like outback, you'll likely like this burger.
4	We got the chicken lettuce wraps and the montey que sandwich --glad we split it, the sandwich was huge!  I didn't expect it to come with fries since it wasn't mentioned on the menu, so we got the wraps.  Ended up with much more food than we could eat.  Everything was delicious
4	AppearanceWent to try Guy's famous restaurant on a trip to Vegas.Hip trendy, American style decor.  Metallic glad and woody appearance. Also located on the strip to you can ppl watch from both inside or on the outside terraceGreat place to eat and watch the crazy, drunk pplStaffYoung,  polite,  pretty, slim, smiling.   What more can you ask for!FoodMenu isn't too large but there is a wide variety of foods.  I had a beer, sashimi taco and the Turkey burger which where delicious.  Well decorated, good flavor. Price$44 for app beer and entree.
2	The food was excellent. The service left a lot to be desired. Once order was took food server was nowhere to be found. Couldn't even get a refill on my soda.
4	Food was delicious! mac & cheese bacon burger was very flavorful, portions are big plenty to share. We were a party of 4 and ordered 2 burgers and 2 fries and still left full. Service was oK, we got our appetizer and had to ask  a few times for plates and silverware, I think our waitress forgot...and the other server.....well we weren't his table and that was made obvious since he ignored our request, finally a Mgr quickly brought what we needed (I can only assume she was a mgr stone she was dressed differently- she didn't mention anything) the rest of our meal went fine so I will give it 4's because the food was sooo good and there are no 1/2 's.
1	If you want to go eat there late night dont bother as they don't want your business.  Arrived at 11:30 pm and asked hostesses if I could self seat at bar (was told that would be fine).  Bartender who first came up rudely informed me they were closing up the bar and indicated the plastic sheeting they were using to cover the liquor. I stated that the hostesses had indicated they were still open. She then mocked the hostesses from across the room and when I asked her if I could be served and she said yeah because the hostesses said so.Rest of service was from a second bartender who was much nicer. Ordered their mac and cheese burger which was pretty good but obvious it was the end of the night as the lettuce was wilted and the some of the fries (mixture of four different types) were cold.  While the second bartender was nice they were cleaning around me and the whole experience felt rushed. imagine this place could be awesome when they want you there. If you want to stop serving at 11:30 then your should adjust your hours to seating until 11:30. Manger stopped by to ask me how everything was as I was wrapping up the rest of my food to go.  While he assured me he would take to the first bartender he offered nothing in the way of a bit of the meal or a drink on the house. Guess with $20 for a burger it's not that type of place. When I told him based on the experience I wouldn't be back he told me he wished I would come back again... Not much motivation too.  Go somewhere that wants your business.
4	This is solid comfort food with little chefy nuances added that aren't necessary but will separate it from your other $15 burger joints. The restaurant is pretty big and we showed up at around 5PM after work and we easily had our pick of inside or patio dining. We had two servers during our visit and both were genuinely nice and delivered great service.The food is good, not healthy, but also not going to really knock your socks off either. The portions are humongous! Plan on taking some home or sharing, girls. Guys, you should be satisfied. We ordered the turkey burger (friend loved it and if I come back, I will probably order that), the bacon mac & cheese burger, loaded chili fries, and buffalo lollipop wings. The cocktails were good and like the food, was made with fresh ingredients. I wish I had room for dessert because they looked pretty good. By the end of our visit, it picked up a little more but this restaurant would probably do better in a different location.
5	I don't even know where to start! First of all, our server was excellent. Brittany definitely knew the best things to order off the menu and was overall a very attentive server. As a table of four, we started off with the Guy-Talian Fondue Dippers and Fireball Whiskey Wings. The cheese that came with the dippers was phenomenal, and we saved the leftovers for our fries later on during our mean! The wings were amazing but were definitely spicy. Didn't taste like cinnamon though, which I was happy about! We skipped the Greens, because lets get real, this isn't a place for healthy eating! We had the Mac and Cheese Bacon Burger, which was also a delicious option. We shared the brisket sandwich, which I didn't try, but my boyfriend said it was amazing but had a bit too much sauce. To top off our extremely greasy meal, we got the Triple Doublemint Pie. YUM! I was kind of bummed there was only one oreo on there and two or three junior mints, but it was still delicious. Definitely enough ice cream to share with 6 people! Definitely enjoyed myself here! Don't wear tight pants if this is a restaurant you're interested in going to! Defintiely won't fit in them by the time you leave! ;)
5	This restaurant is totally something you would find on diners, drive-ins and dives. Just amazing food and not just one style either. We started off with Guy-talian Fondue Dippers which were pepperoni-wrapped breadstick with a provolone and sausage cheese dip. Im not a big pretzel person but these were great. The cheese dip is what makes the dish. We also got the Fireball whiskey wings which were great. they came with some kind of blue cheese dip which paired great with it.For our mains we got the Mac-N-Cheese Bacon Burger which won burger of the year in vegas last year. This burger is built with crispy applewood bacon, six cheese mac, lettuce, tomato, onion and pickles.  Great burger with great flavor. They even cut this burger in fourths for us. The burger comes with 4 different types of fries and all were amazing and went great with the leftover cheese sauce from the pretzels. We also got the 14 hour slow smoked brisket. Wow, some serious flavor here. Looks like a plate of BBQ brisket that you would get in Texas. I just thought that were was a little too much bbq sauce drizzled over the meat. I would've liked to try more of the flavor from the brisket. Lastly, we ended with Triple Doublemint Pie. Holly cow, this was huge. It was a mint chocolate chip ice cream pie with oreo cookie crust and hot fudge. We had 4 people and couldn't even get close to finishing this dessert. The service was excellent and they were on top of everything.
4	I actually tried to not like this place, no I'm serious, i did. But here i am  giving it 4 stars. A lot of times places with a famous name attached to them or nutty publicity just stink, this place didn't. Let's get this out of the way.... It was overpriced. It's Vegas, It's on the strip, and it has a celebrity chefs name on it. Of course it's overpriced. I usually talk about the food first, but the creativity of this place and everything inside prompts a mention first. Everything from the decor, down to the forks, oddly shaped glasses and wooden menus is unique. It gives it the extra charm i look for. The food was great, but small portions. We just got some things to snack on so we had the Sashimi Won Tacos and the Asian Chicken Wraps. They were really good, had some dipping sauces (love that) and cooked nicely.  Here on 10/02
5	Liz!! Was amazing the Mac and cheese burger was amazing drinks were great and Liz was fast and got us out food fast
5	We were in Vegas last February and saw all the construction going on for this place. Put it on our MUST TRY for our return trip this month. Rounded up a group of 7 and went for lunch. We know groups may present a challenge, but we were greeted nicely, given a wonderful roomy table, and our waiter Stephen handled everything like a pro. The atmosphere here is so Guy! You almost expected him to stroll in and sit down at your table and start sampling your food! The types of food he features on his shows is all represented here. Flavortown indeed! We found layers of flavors in everything we tried. I won't try to list it all here! We really felt his personality stamped on every detail. The Bloody Marys were a work of art! It was fairly pricey, but we've had less memorable meals for much more on the Strip. The people watching opportunities are great there too! We rolled out of there VERY happy we had tried it, and are still talking about how good it was!
5	Everything I was hoping it would be!  Guy rocks!  Best breakfast in Vegas!  The burrito, the stuffed pancakes, the French toast and the famous loaded Bloody Mary's were all best in class.  Table service was first rate.  But how about some XXL t-shirts?  C'mon man!!!
5	Back for lunch and it was awesome!  Loved the wings and the bacon Mac and cheeseBurger!  Beer flights were awesome!  Thanks to Nick the Sheriff of Flavor Town for all his awesome recommendations and great service!
5	Our waiter is the self proclaimed Sheriff of Flavorland!  He did a great job. The Tatted Turkey Burger was delicious. The fries were a new experience with a variety of cuts and seasoning in the same basket. Also delicious!
5	We've eaten here several more times since my first review. It only gets better!!! The truffle fries are a gift from the cooking Gods! Seems to be our go to place on the strip. It's just a fun place with really yummy food! Service & food is both top notch.
2	Review is based on sandwiches for lunch. I was scared to try this place since the location screams tourist stop, but the reviews convinced me to give it a go. Well, the Yelpers let me down on this one.I will admit the wings/salads looked good but I didn't try them.I got the '86 cajun chicken sandwich based on reviews and the flavor was there, but the portion size was very weak. I had about 5-6 bites with chicken in it. Give it a go if you're not very hungry.I tried the Mac n Cheese burger and it was very mediocre, like others have mentioned.The fries are nothing special, just different types.I don't usually care too much about presentation but it actually bothered me a lot. They give you this sandwich on a little board with absolutely no room. The fries are spilling down the slanted paper holder they're on, so it's almost impossible to not have your food hit the table. I might try the wings if I went back, but I definitely won't.
3	Okay, is the only way to rate this. It's just bar food. The breakfast was nothing I would go back for. I just don't know what the raspberry vinegar was for when I had the pancake pie. But what stood out was the employees that had to endure the most uncomfortable and akward looking costumes. I feel for them. Not flattering or even cute for one of them. I hope someone rethinks that idea, lady parts hanging out of skort only makes it a mistake gentlemens club. I don't think guy was involved in much of this !
5	We've eaten here several more times since my first review. It only gets better!!! The truffle fries are a gift from the food Gods! Seems to be our go to place on the strip. It's just a fun place with really yummy food! Service & food is both top notch!! Can't wait to go back...highly recommended. We also love that the food is as good late night as it is during prime time.
1	We went here for breakfast. We came four minutes to eight, and the door was open. No sign of opening hours, so we went in. After ignoring us oddly for a little, we where shooed out rudely, then two minutes past eight (about two minutes later) where let in. We had the dragon breath chili Benedict and the French toast. The toast was burned, and no matter how rustic that looks, it tastes bad. The egg wash hadn't penetrated, so it was basically just burned bread with bacon that had its flavor killed by way too much sugar. And bananas with caramel. Way way too sweet. There was also a shot glass with watermelon juice and mint. It sounds yummy, but was badly done. Tasted like nothingThe eggs where somewhat better. The corn bread was way too sweet (definitely a theme at this place). The chili boring except for a hint of cilantro seed. This would have been ok had it been a five buck meal at a truck stop. Not a 17 dollar investment. All in all, the worst food we've had in Vegas so far. The orange juice and tea where ok
5	By far the best burger I've ever had! We ordered the Mac and cheese burger and the turkey burger and the truffle fries. I love that when the burger comes it also comes with an assortment on 4 types of fries. The truffle fries were simply amazing. Right crunch and excellent flavor. Since it was the two of us.. We decided to split the burgers so we could try both.. I knew in my head that the Mac and cheese was gonna be good... It has to be right??  Well Turkey Burger was so good I might venture to say it's better than the Mac and cheese. The meat on both was tender and juicy. The burger ratio to bun was overwhelming larger than the bun.. Awesomeness !! Who wants to eat bun??? It's all about the meat.  Eat the burger the way is was designed. Don't add shit to it. Why ruin a masterpiece? Best burgers ever!!! If anyone can recommend a better burger please do but this it number 1 on my list. Service was also great!! Thanks Chris for the extra truffle mayo for the fries and hooking us up with the total rewards price! Yummm
5	Quick disclaimer I am a huge Guy fan so this  could be a little slanted. But, I honestly say BEST BURGER IN VEGAS. I had the Mac and Cheese Burger and it was beyond good. It included a mixture of fries and one of them was almost like a Barbecue chip flavored fry. The service was quick. I would call it a little pricey, but it's on the strip so we expected that. My co-diners had the turkey burger and the regular burger and both loved them. We all agreed they were fantastic. Guy's is a must visit if you are looking for a great burger on the strip!
4	First time here and all the staffs were great and friendly. Asked the server whats good in the menu, she suggested the Asian Wrap and it was delicious. They also have great selection of food. If in town, this is the place you dont want to miss.
4	I had the Caesar salad that came with a huge crouton- mainly for presentation. It was good. I also ordered the Fries with tons of truffles, goat cheese and truffle dip. They were shoestring fries, delicious!  My husband had a Cajun meat sandwich that came with crinkle fries. We enjoyed the patio on a beautiful night. The other items looked good in menu but flavors were so over the top for me- totally expected from Guy! Very fun.
5	Exactly what I expected from Guy... excellent food. Great atmosphere. Playoff game going on, great service. Sat at the bar and had a nice cold draft ale. This place can be crowded so plan ahead. Cool being able to see the kitchen working too.
2	Huge disappointment for me. Quality of the food was def good but I was shocked.Came here for brunch and got the breakfast wrap. The nachos it came with were tasty but heavily salted. Avocado was actually well balanced. It felt heavy as I bit into the wrap and I realized why. I unwrapped it and based on my eye count the percentage of each ingredient went like this:15% eggs15% potatoes70% wrap/breadIt was just so heavy and not tasty because the eggs and potatoes made up so little of the wrap. You only realize after unwrapping it of how truly imbalanced it is. I was disappointed even more because I expected more especially after reading the reviews. Def will skip this brunch next time I'm in town.
4	Mayor of Flavor Town burger was crazy good as were the Vegas Fries. Prices were pretty steep and I understand paying a little more on the Strip but too much $$$ in my opinion. Only go back if visitors want to go, we'll take them as neat experience plus good food.
5	This review is off the food alone. The breakfast burrito was exactly what i was craving. The burrito was perfectly made and stuffed with flavor. The salsa and chips that came with it were amazing. The service wasn't bad, just a little slow.
4	Really loved the food at this place, cool presentation. The service was a bit slow though, but they were pleasant. I would go back here again.
4	Ordered the Original Ringer Burger. Food was great. The quad fries were great, but not your ordinary fare. Will come again.
5	Amazing breakfast in a great location. I had the burrito and my wife had the breakfast sausage, bacon and eggs. The service was excellent, our server was very friendly and knowledgeable and suggested I order the burrito - great advice! Creative flavor, the right amount of spice and well presented. My wife didn't share with me but she said it was very good! We are planning to go back to try more things on the menu.
4	Great food.  I went their Sunday for brunch and had cornbread topped with chilli and egg.   It was awesome.   The was very good.  Service was nice but could have been better.   It wasn't bad but just wasn't as friendly as I think it should have been.   Maybe it was because they were busy. I will go there again!
5	Had lunch here with my mom today. There was no wait, which was a nice surprise. The server was friendly and attentive. We ordered the original burger and fries to split and so glad we did because it was huge! The burger was amazing. Definitely one of the best, if not the best, burger we've ever had! Highly recommend it!
5	Amazing food! I had the bacon and mac burger...sounds like it'd be overwhelming but the flavors were amazing! I only ate half but finished the other half later and it still was amazing. I highly recommend!
5	My husband and I LOVED this place!  We have been looking forward to eating here since it opened.  We had studied the menu and we knew what we wanted.  Boy we were NOT disappointed! My husband had the short stack ribs and I had the Motley Que Sandwich (pulled pork), this is one of the best meals we have had period.  My husband's dish the meat fell off the bones and it just melted in your mouth, yeah I did the whole "mmmmmm, this is out of this world" face when I tried it.   The staff was nice, we didn't have to wait so long for a table which was nice, our waiter was really attentive and kept coming by to make sure we were good.  Our experience was awesome and we will definitely come back!
4	Had the onion burger. Was great. Well cooked. Coffee wasnt great or bad. Fries were fantastic blend of waffle, straw crickle, Maybe more, with some tasy seasoning on top.Also they take ur cell number when they r busy and text u and give u ten minutes to claim ur seats. So you can go enjoy the casino.
4	We decided to check out this restaurant late one night after some gambling and walking around the strip.The restaurant itself is very loud- the music is super pumped up.  The service was great- our waiter was very nice, not overbearing, and attentive.We ordered the Asian Chicken wraps and the Motley Cue sandwich.  Both were very flavorful and a great serving size. They also have brunch which I'd really be interested in trying.  Overall, the food was pretty good for the price.  Only downside was the LOUD loud music.
4	I'm impressed, y'all! I'm a faithful Food Network cooking show watcher...Guy's never been my fav, but he's certainly jovial, entertaining, & creative...and that shows in his restaurant & menu.There was a wait when we arrived for linner about 4pm...just roll on over to the secksy azz bar: full menu served, great drinks, & hot nice service! Our absolute fav was a cocktail with Jameson, mint, & other goodness....sooo refreshing & a taste bud pleaser! Get it!We shared the Guy-talian fondue (or...Guy-Taliban as my autocorrect keeps saying...lol!). Absolutely ingenious! Long pretzel sticks wrapped in greasy yummy salami...dunk it in the cheese sauce (meh). The star? Besides the salami....the peppercinis! I'm not a big fan but these ones were superb: crunchy, spicy, perfect. We also got the spicy wings...wings were meh, but the blue cheese wasabi sauce was like foreplay, y'all. Dip the crunchy fresh veggies on the side into it, slather the wings in it, don't waste it!I've NEVER observed SO many burgers leaving a kitchen, seriously. Look good, must be good. About 3/4 of the plates leaving the kitchen are burgers. I'd return next time I'm in Vegas! Kudos, Guy!
3	It is so hard to review things in Vegas because I feel like you have to judge them differently than you would other places.  Everything is expensive and Vegasy so you have to rate them based on other Vegasy places.  So I must give Guy Fieri an average rating.  The food was good but not great and if I am paying Vegas prices I want high Vegas quality food.  The restaurant is pretty small so if you don't have a reservation you will probably have to wait during peak times.  We arrived and were told it would be a 45 minute wait so we put our name down and then stacked out a place at the bar and were able to claim bar seating in about 5 minutes.  The service from behind the bar was very good, fast but not bothersome.  The specialty drinks ok but small for the price.  I had the turkey burger and it was better than most I have had at restaurants but still not as good as the one my husband makes at home.  I did find it funny that they put bacon on a turkey burger but hey that was fine with me.  I liked that the pretzel bun was good and soft like I prefer.  I also liked the fries that came with the burger.  They give you all sorts of different ones all together and they were all good.
5	We had the triple T fries, bacon mac n cheese burger, tatooed turkey burger. Food was amazing! Nick our server was wonderful. Definitely come back and recommend to others.
4	The burgers were really good and I liked the fries with 4 different types on the plate. We had the General Tso Chicken Wings that were also very good.
3	AMBIANCE: 2 - I wasn't impressed by the look of the restaurant. It was like a cross between a saloon/log cabin with flat screens to make it a more accessible place for men, so they can eat and watch the game. It looks like a place where modern day, tough-guy bikers are supposed to hang out..with those skulls on the napkins ha! They had an okay seating area, but the staff didn't clean it very well. They left tons of crumbs on the seats!! SERVICE: 4 - The staff was awesome. Super friendly and funny! They are also very young and some are good-looking ;) But, I felt like I was seated after a very long time. There were quite a few "closed sections"..and even after waiting a super long time, they still didn't clean the table well, which was a little gross. FOOD: 3 - The food was definitely average. I had the truffle fries and the Fireball Whisky Wings. Both of which were served pretty lukewarm, which was not that pleasant. I wanted it to be served hot!!! Their system of leaving warm things out is ineffective. It leaves the food way, way too cold for my taste. I would have rather taken my food scalding than barely warm. The food would have been way better if served hot. The highlight of the wings was the bleu cheese wasabi dipping sauce. It was a great combination and made the chicken loads better! Truffle fries were good, but nothing to write home about. My parents ordered the burgers, and they are probably the best things on the menu. In conclusion, it was just okay. I just really wanted hot food--being served cold food made it taste old and not newly cooked.
5	My gf and I eat here the other day, and I have to say it was amazing good and everything was amazing big and great quality of food. Great service from our server NICK. I believe locos should try this place, it's a must go!
1	Wow. I am still upset I was too mad to stay for that mac and cheese burger. I walked in at 3:01 & walked out at 3:21 that was 20 minutes to not get a beer. I sat at the bar that was fairly empty, more open seats then occupied. I thought I was on my way to flavor town. What went wrong was simple service across the bar. I waited and waited and waited. I don't mind  waiting especially when tenders are busy but what I saw was oblivion. Even after I ordered, my bartender served walk ups two waters and then had a big swig of oj while chatting up coworkers. 10 minute's to take an order can happen but 10 minutes to not yet fill it is just plain ineptness especially when the rail is at 50%. And four people were behind the bar. I get it, service  in Vegas sucks, but I expected more here.
4	This resturant just bleeds guys personality, from the decorations, plateing, the big square ice cubes to the skull napkins and cool silverware. The food is what I would expect from him, big portins, flavors and quality! The whole experice was great we dinned on halloween so the staff was dressed up and festive, I love the open kitchen you get to see the magic happen. We both ordered burgers my husband had the triple b burger it was great full of flavor and was moist! I got the mac n cheese burger, I was not crazy about the mac n cheese on the burger it seemed like it didn't belong once i took it off the burger was delish! I love you get different fries with your order the fried potatoes are my fav! We enjoyed watching all the differed largely portioned food coming out of the kitchen and the huge interesting drinks coming from the bar one of the most common we saw was a bloody mary it had a jallapeno and assorted veggie and lemon. I will eat here again!
5	Being from Santa Rosa we had to try his new spot. Holy Moly...the Chicken Fried Bacon on the biscuit was not to be missed. I would go back to Vegas just to have that for breakfast again. We were on our last legs after a long weekend but those bloody mary's looked off the chain....we will be back for sure...much luck Guy!
5	Burger were phenomenal! We got the wings too and those were great as well. Super super quick service. We didn't even wait 5 minutes for our food. Guy was also there working the bar and socializing with people. My beer was nice and cold! Definitely a happy customer. I will be returning with some friends!
4	Always eat here when in Vegas.  The wings have amazing flavor and the presentation is appealing.  Quantity and quality for a Vegas pub style restaurant is a 10.  Definitely recommend trying it.
3	Fun atmosphere....Problem came when we ordered 2 beers...It was a little after 3p on a Friday, busy but I can't imagine their busiest...We figured it took 30 minutes to get our beers....Our server came by 3 times to apologize, apparently the bar bit---maids don't accept help and work at whatever pace they're able....I couldn't figure out where the breakdown was occurring,  considering the manager apologized to the table next to us...Anyway, the beer finally arrived and the food came out about the same time....Food was good for high end bar food....my husband's pulled pork sandwich was luke warm, he figured it was because the pretzel roll was frozen when they made it up...I got the burger w/ pastrami....Expect to pay almost $20 for a burger....I would have rated it probably a half star higher had the beers come out in a timely manner...
5	This place is a must when in Vegas. I stop by at least once when I come to town and everybody I've brought has loved it. Good portions, great drinks, tons of flavor and reasonable prices make Guy's Vegas Kitchen + Bar the place to go on the strip!
4	I really liked the bacon Mac n cheese burger. Good service. Food took a normal amount of time. Really happy with the food!
1	There are a few places you expect great food if paying a high price and Guy Fieris restaurant is one of them. Unfortunately, we arrived and was told there was a two hour wait, put our names down and got a text in under forty minutes. Walked in and there were many empty tables and servers standing around. Seemed they were more interested in hype than true service.We arrived at our seat and asked about kids menu and was told they don't have a kids menu. How does a restaurant not have a kids menu! We order the ribs and a cheeseburger. The ribs were OK, nothing special and not worth the $35.00. I have had better at chili's. The cheeseburger was good meat, fresh bun and well cooked bacon. It was well priced at $15.00.The service was good but not very attentive. Several times our water glasses were empty and my one drink was never asked to be refilled. Finally ordering two two meals, one drink and a tip we left we our $85.00 bill.
3	We ordered a bunch of dishes to share   -  Caesar Salad, Sashimi Won-taco, Lollicup Wings, Chicken Sandwich & Quad Fries   Their presentation is amazing, but the food looks better than it tastes.  It's not bad, just falling short of my expectation.  The highlight was the Quad Fries, different kinds of fries with yummy dipping sauce.  My curiosity has been satisfied, but most likely I won't return.
4	Had the pulled pork sandwich and it was delicious.  I will be back to try other things on the menu.
2	You get a lot of food for the price, but the food doesn't deliver. We ordered the pepperoni pretzel appetizer thinking it was going to be oven baked pretzels with pepperoni served with the cheese dip. What we got was pretzel rods from a bag with cold pepperoni slices wrapped around them. The cheese dip was good but was cold by the time it made it to the table. Major disappointment. We kept an open mind for the main entrees. My friend got the bacon Mac n cheese burger with the house fries. The burger was huge but thin and didn't have a lot of Mac n cheese on it. The fries were dusted with seasoning and were decent. It was ok but the burger and truffle fries at Gordon Ramsay's restaurant Burgr were A LOT better. I had the Caesar salad which was enormous and by far the beat dish of  the meal. The salad was freshly tossed, cold and the croutons were delicious. Overall, a lack luster experience that failed to meet expectations.
1	Went for breakfast, just horrible.  Food was bland, breakfast potatoes were cold and like something you'd get at Denny's. Our server Shelby obviously didn't want to be thereHad to ask for salt and pepper twice before we got the manager to,bring it.  She never did refill our coffee.  The sage biscuits were good however  DO NOT go for breakfast
1	I am a big Guy Fieri fan and have never had as bad of an experience at any triple D restaurant.  This place won't be making it to DDD.  The service is slow, the food is OK - the sauce on the lollipop wings was MONEY.  Went with another couple.  Ordered a salad and asked to add a grilled chicken breast.  No problem, except they don't have any.  Only serve dark meat- grilled thigh, which is not mentioned on the menu nor by the server.  Burger was good but for the price they are much better at BurGR.  Over priced and small portion , very poor value.  I am disappointed Guy.
5	We came here mainly just to say that we did, during a recent weekend getaway. We stopped in on a Thursday night after a trip to the High Roller. There were 4 of us (2 couples) and we all started with a  variety of drinks...I opted for the "Lemon Drop - Not" and it was very good. We shared the Vegas Fries and the General's Wings. Both very good. We ordered 2 of the Bacon Mac-N-Cheese burgers to share between the 4 of us, again just because we felt that we "had" to order this dish if we were at Guy's restaurant. We weren't expecting much to be honest. We were all so pleasantly surprised that this was the best burger ever! It was fabulous and I want to go back to Vegas just for this burger, and this is not something that I would normally have picked from a menu! Then the highlight of our night when we jokingly asked our server when Guy would be joining us. He pointed and said he's right there if you want to ask him. Sure enough, Guy was in town and we had the opportunity to meet him. He even took some selfies with us...yes, he took the selfies. It was a fun way to spend our first night in Vegas.
5	Amazing food, great service and large portions. I was staying at the Linq Hotel so Guy Fieri's located inside the hotel made it convient. It was so good I ate there four times in 3 days. Twice for breakfast and twice for lunch.The French Toast with candied bacon was one of the best breakfast's I have eaten in a very long time. For my breakfast the following day I changed it up and tried the breakfast burrito, while it was very good it did not compare to the french toast I had a day earlier. The bloody Mary's are great too, perfect blend of sweet and spice, first the sweet hits you and then the spice kicks in. You can get bacon in your Bloody Mary, need I say more? For lunch I went with Guy's signature bacon mac-n chees burger, it was amazing. The following day we were craving a mid day snack so we headed back and rather than try one of the other tempting items on the menu I went with old faithful and ordered the burger again. Prices may be little steep for some people for a burger joint but it's Vegas so I expect to pay the higher prices and I do not have a problem with it when the food and service is this good. if you are in Vegas you have to give this place a try.
5	Our food was fantastic... Made our girls trip memorable.... Our waiter sheriff of flavortown was great .... He was always smiling and making us laugh!!... Wish Guy was here!!!
1	We got into Vegas and were starving. We checked into the linq and front desk recommended this place. We were very excited to try it. The waiter was HORRIBLE   Apparently there were drink specials and he never told us about them. We overheard from another waiter about them. We orders the won tacos the flavors in this did not go together. I had the wings. WORST WINGS EVER!!!!  My friend had the pastrami sandwich with fries. Fries came with three different types. Crinkle, shoestring and waffle. The seasoning on them was so strange. I was trying to decider what the seasoning was and said it taste like confectioners sugar. I asked the more knowledgable waiter and sure enough powdered sugar was one if the seasoning. Who ever heard if this??!  The food portions are humongous. No one needs sandwiches that big. We were very disappointed since we thought the food would be "KILLER"   I think Guy needs to steal some recipes from the places he visits on triple D. JUST SAYIN!!!
5	Customer service and the Triple B burger was the best.  Highly recommend this burger and the floor manager made sure my family was well taken care of
2	There are few restaurants that I have been to while drunk that have been so unimpressive. My wife and I decided to try this place just to see what Guy's food was like. We walked in and were not greeted but watched the hostess fold T-shirts. Once she recognized we were there she began to help but took about a minute to gossip with a co-worker about how guy's kids were on the patio, poor service.Once we were sat we we simultaneously over and underwhelmed by the good on the menu. I ordered a local beer, actually this place has a decent list considering it's location. We ordered buffalo potato things that came with wasabi buffalo sauce, seemed right on par with what we expected. My wife wanted a glass of wine but they were SOLD OUT of wine...wtf? How do you sell out of wine? All in all this place gets 2 stars for local beer, and a nice, while overworked waitress. I would never go here again.
4	Smash style burgers and plenty of fresh ingredients. Love the french fry medley! Food came out fresh and hot. Hit the spot....two days in a row!
5	Good service.  Interesting menu.  I had the shortbread berry pancakes.  So yummy!  The coffee is actually good too.  Large portion!  I want to come back to try more menu items.
5	Flavor Town!! And the Sheriff of Flavor Town DDDeLivered!!!! The food was amazing and the staff was awesome! Helpful, knowledgable about the food and history of the company and restaurant. Our waiter, the Sheriff of Flavor Town offered some of the best service we have had in Vegas. The manager came by our table 3 times to check on everything. Love Guy Fieri and Love this spot!! Two Thumbs up People!!
5	Being from Northern California my wife and I have always been a big fan of Guy! On this adventure to Las Vegas we tried the breakfast burrito and paired it with a signature Hangover Bloody Mary for brunch. The burrito was fantastic and if you get the chance to stop by ask for our waitress "Shelby." She made the best Bloody Mary that I have had in quite some time! This place has a great atmosphere and we really enjoyed our experience ! A+++ !
5	This was our first time here and it was a great time! We ordered the Vegas fries & Fireball Whiskey Wings and they were delicious! We were served by Dan and he was on point so give his section a try. We washed it all down the Guido's Freaky Tiki. Give this place a shot and you won't be sorry.
3	We arrived around 11:45am and the hostess said it would be a 45 min wait! They said they would send us a text when our table became available. So we walked around outside since it was still pretty cool out and 12:35p rolled around and still no text.. Finally around 1:10p we FINALLY received a text for our table.. We came here for the infamous bacon, mac & cheese burger so my hubby ordered that, I ordered the 14 hr brisket and we ordered the wonton wraps as an appetizer.. The app was deelish!! My meal was pretty decent but bbq sauce on the brisket wasn't woah.. The toast that came w/ it actually made me miss Texas.. That is REAL Texas toast not that freezer crap.. The burger eh it wasnt what we expected.. It wasn't bad but it wasnt mouth watering "I need to eat more of it.". The margaritas on the rocks are deelish!! Must have.. Overall we had an alright experience for our first time here..
3	Food was great. Service sucked. I even sat at the bar. The heavyset bartender would not leave his corner. I walked to the sports bar and got a beer before this clown even realized we were here. 6:30 on a Saturday.
3	I was reluctant to go here cause I live in Northern CA where Guy is from and he has several restaurants here I can go to. But we decided to try this place for breakfast before heading back home.. the food was actually very good and the portions were crazy... loved the watermelon shot of juice that came with it.. Bloody Marys were delicious.. BUT my biggest complaint would be they do not have Latte's I guess they have a Espresso Machine.. HELLOO even McDonalds has Latte's... so I am sure you can get a machine that is easy for your employees to use... so for that you only get 3 stars...
5	Stopped in here for brunch. Very delicious! The build your Bloody Mary was excellent, the food was fresh and large portions and the staff was friendly. They have a full bar and many beers on tap. Their coffee was very good too and not weak! We will definitely be back for burgers.
2	Just not a fan. The brisket was fatty, the fries were cold...I would not go back.
5	This restaurant is located in The Linq. They do not take reservations. We got here around 8 pm on a Friday night.  We checked in with the hostess who said a party of 4 would be a 45 minute wait. My husband is a total rewards diamond member and  he showed his card and we were seated right away. What was weird was that the restaurant had so many open tables. I split the original ringer burger with my sister. It was pretty big and delicious. It comes with fries. We decided to share the Dragons Breath Chili Cheese Fries. It was huge!  The 4 of us couldn't finish it!  It was really good too.  Lots of cheese and chili. I would recommend both the burger and fries. Our server was really nice and the food came out fast. If you're a total rewards member, you get like a dollar off of the menu items.  I would come back here to try all the different foods, especially the fries!
4	Came here for breakfast, service is friendly, but hostess looked like she was still asleep hahaGood was hit and miss. Steak and eggs was perfect! Cooked the way we asked, MASSIVE portion, not too greasy. The chicken bacon on the other hand was a miss. Didn't do too much for us at all.
5	The Best Turkey Burger I have ever had!!! I was waiting for my food and thinking how blah my food was going to be and then Bam a huge totally juicy Turkey Burger!!! I would come back to vegas just for this burger! Good choice me!!!
3	I'm not a fan of gimmick restaurants named after celebrities but I thought I would give this place a chance anyway. Just know that this place is loud and full of tourists that have a hard time containing their enthusiasm about being in a place named after a TV host. The tables are uncomfortably close together too so be prepared for an intimate meal with loud strangers.I ordered the '68 Cajun sandwich. The food was good although I expected it to have a bit more kick to it as far as the spiciness factor goes. It's pretty big. I had to use my knife and fork to break it down. My jaw was starting to hurt from trying to eat it like a normal hoagie. The menu doesn't state this but the sandwiches come with a small side order of fries so don't feel obligated to order one of the big-ass plates of specialty fries on the menu. Unless you want to.For dessert, my wife and I split the the Triple Double Pie which is chocolate chip mint ice-cream combined with crushed wafer cookies and mint candy. More chocolate than mint. Our waiter referred to it as the Mount Fuji. Be warned that this dessert is ideal for four people. It was all we could do to finish it. The manager even approached our table to express his congratulations to us for finishing it.If you enjoy loud, festive atmospheres with sports blaring in the background and you're okay with confined spaces, you'll like this restaurant.
2	I struggled with giving two stars or three.   I went for breakfast last weekend on a Thursday morning.  The atmopshere is pretty cool, the staff was attentive.   I ordered a bloody mary and a few minutes later received the biggest bloody mary I've ever had.  It was really pretty good and had about a pound of vegetables on the rim.  A few people around me asked about it and also ordered one.  I was very (happily) suprised when my bill came to find out it was only $10.   I didn't ask the price when I ordered and when it arrived I was thinking to myself.. I'm in Vegas, this will probably be a $25 drink.  Haha.For breakfast I ordered the chicken fried bacon biscuits and gravy.   This is the reason for the two star review.  My meal was gross.  The chicken fried bacon was fried until it was almost black.  It was burnt.  The biscuit was very big and very dense and dry.  The gravy was lukewarm, lumpy, and pasty.  It wasn't very good gravy.  It tasted like flour.  They added way too much flour to the gravy for some reason and when it cooled down it gummed up.  If the star of the dish is biscuit and gravy, the biscuit and gravy better be good, which this was not.   The bacon was a big disappointment.  If you are going to bread and deep fry something like bacon (which I'm sure is actually kind of tough to do) then get it right or don't do it.  I would have been just as happy with regular bacon and good gravy.   Some of the sandwiches I saw come out to other people looked really good, so maybe I just ordered the wrong thing.   I'm not local, so it will be a while before I come back to Vegas again, but I probably won't try the food next time.  I would stop in for a bloody mary though and eat somewhere else!
3	People Eating huge burgers in outdoor seating area roped me in.As you walk by Guys outdoor seating you can see the big burgers on display, this attracted me and my wife to try this place out. We called for reservations, none taken, we put our name down at about 6pm on Saturday Night 25 min wait. Our server was attentive, took our order right away, our food came within reasonable time. I ordered the Triple B $16 burger and my wife ordered the mac and cheese bacon burger $18 burgers come with fries. The food came out hot, big plus for me. My first bite of the triple B was very flavorful then it went straight to salty. I could not enjoy this burger too much because they seemed to put a lot of blue cheese in the burger. I like blue cheese but it was so strong I could not taste any steaky flavor from the meat. Also the other add-ins seem to overpower the burger as well donkey sauce. The burger was just too salty for me I ate half of it; removing as much bleu cheese as I could.My wife enjoyed her mac n cheese burger the bacon in both burgers was very tasty. We both enjoyed the fries they add a cajun spice to them. Not sure we would be back did not leave a lasting impression on me. I recommend anyone trying them out to share a burger. They are big enough for two people, especially if you plan to hit the club at night dont want to over stuff yourself. The price was ok for the strip, try em you may enjoy these burgers on steroids.
5	Gotta give this place 5 stars, despite it's founder's namesake. Top 3 burger for me! Had the Turkey burger fixings but with a beef patty. Add extra sweet pepper red onion jam & gouda cheese = a Righteous burger! Fries were fresh and hot. Plus I had no wait and excellent service on this Tuesday at 11am. I'm already salivating eating here again next year....
5	LolNot at all a fan of guy himself. However, this place is bomb. Had the Asian lettuce wraps, pulled pork sammy, the chili cheese fries  and the Caesar salad. Bartender was super chill. Food was amazing. Very impressed. 5 stars.
4	Food is simply amazing. Great portions. The price point is fair. The Original Ringer Burger- amazing. Got it cooked medium and it had the most amazing sauce on it. The bread bun was super fluffy and fresh! The Bacon and Mac and Cheese Burger- simply amazing. Hands down, best thing ever. It's so good. The Mac and cheese was the "cheese" to the burger. All the toppings mixed really well. All the burgers were served with fries. These fries have BBQ flavors to them... Sorta like BBQ chips. It was soooooo good! Triple T fries- truffle truffle truffle!!!! Ahhhhh so much truffle! The truffle oil dip was good too! Extra sauce is $2.
5	Grabbed some lunch and was very happy we chose this option.  Five of us are here. Everyone chose a different burger or sandwich.  All thoroughly enjoyed them.  Very tasty. Large burgers.  Fries that come with the burgers are a mix of different fries and were really good.  We also shared a dessert (fried ice cream sundae). It was big enough for 4-5 people and very good.
2	Started off with the Asian inspired chicken wraps. The springs rolls and the chicken skewers were good but the lettuce wrap wasn't that great. I've had better before.I got the fireball whisky wings as my entree, I originally saw the recommendations on the fish tacos on yelp but was told they had removed the tacos from the menu. The wings were flavorful, but I didn't love them. I would consider it more drumsticks then wings. The motley que sandwich was delicious and it came with 3 different types of fries. I don't think I will return for the food but our sever was great.
2	What happened?! They used to have delicious tacos in their menu, which I think it's the style of the restaurant in relation to the flavor mixes. Those tacos were immaculate. Returned after my two previous visits to find out they were now gone. Which was fine, I would dare try something else. I ordered the Turkey sub sandwich that comes in a pretzel hoagie and cranberry sauce. If it hadn't been for the sauce the turkey would have been impossible to eat the sandwich. My friend had the fireball wings that tasted like they had been reheated or were thawed in a microwave. Then covered with an absurd amount of green leafy stuff. The BBQ fries saved the experience but there is a noticeably drop in quality over the past six months.
3	First let me say I love Guy Fieri. We ate here 3 times this week and the food was 5 stars each visit.  With that being said, on 2 of our 3 visits, our service was poor. From waiting 13 minutes after seating for our waiter to not being offered dessert. On one visit, we were asked if we were ready for our check. We said no we would like to see a dessert menu. After about 5 minutes our menu arrives. We then wait about 14 minutes for our waiter to come back. By then we decided to pass. This morning we ate breakfast here and waited 13 minutes to be greeted by our waiter. Let me note, they were not very busy.  So we finally order and received coffee. After running out of coffee and waiting and waiting, I decided to turn my cup upside down. Our waiter finally stopped by.  He used 2 curse words and made an off color comment about the portions being "big and delicious, just like me".  Really?  I love Fieri but there are plenty of restaurants with good food AND good service.
4	Food here is very fresh and very nicely presented. Prices are decent. All the burgers come with quad fries.FOOD:The Mayor of Flavortown $19Seasoned Pastrami, Swiss Cheese, Caraway Seed Slaw, Dill Pickles, Onion Straws, Dijon Mustard on Garlic Buttered Pretzel Bun.At first, I thought it was only going to be pastrami meat only, but it was actually a burger patty WITH pastrami on top. The burger patty was tender. The pastrami had quality but was a bit dry. Their slaw is not too over powering. The onion straws were crunchy. The bun itself was soft and flavorful. Very meaty burger and was tasty but very heavy. Its that type of food that will put you in a food coma.Bacon Mac-N-Cheese Burger $20Crispy Applewood Bacon, Six-Cheese Mac n' Cheese, Lettuce, Tomato, Onion, Pickle, Cheese and Donkey Sauce on Garlic Buttered Brioche Bun.This is their most popular burger. Its your basic burger with a slight twist. The bacon is cooked to perfection. There is a light serving of mac n cheese in between, not smothered. Everything went well together and was good. Quad Fries Served as a side with each burger. These fries are really unique because it is a pile made of fat crinkle fries, skinny string fries, mini waffle fries, and mini wedge fries. I think that it is a great and creative combination. And yes, they were delicious.Dragon's Breath Chili Cheese Fries $16Yes, we had more fries! This was a mountain of waffle fries covered in chili and topped with melted cheddar, pico de gallo, sour cream, and scallions. This was one of the best appetizers ever ! Everything complimented the fries so well. The fries were crispy. And everything else was melting goodness. Try not to eat so much before your actual meal comes out! Its quite a big portion! I would say it is large enough to share between 2-4 people.Overall, everything here is good. It's just really heavy in terms of putting you in a food coma type of heavy. I just wish they had more options here instead of just burgers and the basics (salad, fries, etc.)
2	Disliked this place. I ordered the Italian salad which was insanely over dressed and put into a strange prosciutto bowl, which sounded cool at the time but tasted really bad. The prosciutto was really low quality and quite disappointing. My husband had General wings - a play on general tsos. He didn't like them at all. The lollipop shape was cool, but they were bland and over cooked; nothing exciting. We also had the fondue app which was decent, but it came out with the skin layer on the cheese, which made me wonder how long it was sitting out. The decor was blah and the place was really cold and loud. We won't be coming back but I guess it doesn't matter since this is a tourist trap.
4	This place was fun and very tasty. We shared the best onion rings I've ever had. They come with a spicy ketchup and are seasoned and crispy. I ordered a sandwich which was also good too. I would definitely come here again.
4	My family had eaten here months earlier and enjoyed it so I wanted to try it.  I didn't know where the restaurant was, and walked down the LINQ Promenade looking for it.  Once we walked around LINQ, we saw it on the corner across from Harrah's.  We accessed the entrance from inside which was a narrow hall.  The hostess let us know it could be a 45 min. wait and we said ok, and then she said it could be faster.  There are 2 small benches outside of the hostess area in dark corners, as well as one seating area by the hostess stand.It took about 10 minutes and we were shown to our table with booth and chair seating.  We were close enough to our neighbours that we could touch them.  The menu seemed to have changed from my family's visit as the food they ordered wasn't on it.  I decided to get the pulled pork sandwich and although it's not listed, it comes with different cut fries or a salad.  That's good as most of the sandwiches and burgers are between $15-20.  The food comes out fast! It was probably less than 5 minutes after ordering and I noticed that most people around us also got their food quickly.  The pork was nicely seasoned and but tasted a little greasy on the bun.  The fries were good and I liked the crinkle cut ones.  The portion was big and I took half my sandwich to go, but we wanted to try the dessert.Our dessert was a mountain of mint ice cream covered with chocolate sauce, cookies, and large chocolate chips.  It was hard as you make your way to the middle of the dessert but better than melting.  The server couldn't believe we were able to finish it! This is a dessert that can be shared between 4! It's loud with the TVs showing the football games and music playing on the speakers.  The service to order dessert and refill water was slow.  We had a 10% coupon from our hotel but the server gave us 20% off instead.  The food was good, and comes our fast and big! Come hungry!
4	Outstanding breakfast, service was prompt and courteous. I highly recommend dining here, and suggest they sell the napkins!
5	Oh mmmmyyyy GOD the best burger!What the hell us that damn amazing souse in there?!!!We had the original, the mac& cheese and the flavor-town burger as well as the turkey burger ALL were amazing!Also i should mention the staff are very friendly and the service is great!THANK YOU
3	After reading the other reviews we decided to try it just for the experience but weren't expecting much... and we got exactly what we expected.  The waiter was efficient, neither friendly or unfriendly. We shared the bacon Mac n cheese burger and the chili cheese fries. The burger: I had to break it down because the Mac n cheese was delicious but the burger was not. They don't even ask you how you want your burger cooked which is ridiculous! The burger was well done.  We sat near the window and I loved the view out to the strip. Overall nothing worth coming here for except to say we've been to Guy Fieri's Burger Joint at the Linq.  I'm pretty sure I won't be back unless it's to try one of their desserts with friends.
5	Why was this place so good? It was supposed to be like a tgi Fridays or at it's best, a bjs, but the taste and quality ended up being on the gastropub slash indeed diner drive in level. Excellent.The Caesar salad was not overly dressed, and was topped with fresh grated Parmesan. The mega crouton it sat upon was delicious.I questioned the lollipop style wings, but again, blown away. Tender and flavorful.Skip the ahi tacos. They weren't fresh and tasted fishy. But were well presented.The snores monte cristo is a must!!!! Deep fried godliness. We split it between 5 people and could barely finish due to it's richness.Seating is a touch limited. But I would highly highly recommend making the trip to flavor town when you are in town!
4	This place is over the top! The food is great and the portions...when the hell did every restaurant in Vegas begin serving only sumo wrestlers. My family had a great mix of food - the Mayor of Flavortown Burger, Motley Que Sandwich and Vegas Fries. Don't kid yourself, the fries aren't a side; not by a long shot. They are a meal and for $13, they're a very filling meal. We all loved our food, but I'll have to say the Motley Que was the best meal of the night. Damn it! My wife is always bragging about how she's better at ordering, and she did it again here. This place isn't inexpensive, but the portions and quality make it well worth it. We had dinner at BurGR the night before and for the same $100, this is the better option by a long shot. My only complaint is the hostess staff. They treat you like crap - you're just a number to them. They have no personality and make no effort to get you excited about the meal - give me you cell number and we'll text you. NEXT! When I asked about the wait after 45 minutes, she told me that she texted me 6 minutes earlier. I showed her my phone - no text. Well, that also meant no apology from her either. She gave me a look like, do you still want in or not, I have other people to be rude to.
5	This place is simply amazing! The dishes are very large so you might want to share with someone!
4	The burgers here were amazing!  I love their fries as well.  Our server was a bit awkward / and service was a bit slow, but I would definitely recommend this place to all my friends.
2	To have lived a life knowing that nothing was left on the table.  That's what I imagine deathbed-Eric saying as he looks back on a fulfilled life.  Well, all that went to hell after I ate at this just awful place.  A couple buddies and I decided to come her before heading out on the town.  Considering we generally subscribe to the dives and hole in the walls with good food mindset when it comes to food, we thought a restaurant by the host of a similarly named show would work splendidly.  We were so wrong.  I think about those hole in the walls that have created a name for themselves based off of a passion for quality of food.  When I think of the exact opposite, Guy Fieri's comes to mind.  The food was largely bland and unimaginative.  For as much as he has seemingly experienced, I was expecting a lot more.  I can only imagine that they provide so much food so that the sure to follow food coma dismisses all potential of motivation for negative thoughts.Food aside, I do have to give a lot of credit to the staff.  My friend's water glass broke mid-drink.  Literally.  The bottom fell from the glass while he was drinking, and, well you can imagine what happened from that.  Sheer pandemonium of course.  Women were screaming.  Kids were crying.  Cars were burning.  It was mass chaos.  No not really...it was just inconvenient.  The manager, whom I did not notice prior, was on it in a heartbeat.  He was over to our table in what seemed like a matter of seconds apologizing.  On top of that, he even managed to comp a meal, a couple beers, and give a free desert for the table.  That attentiveness was impressive.Though the service was excellent, there isn't much that would bring me back here.
4	Ya know what? This place aint bad! All we had were drinks but they were tasty and on a GREAT happy hour: 2-5pm and 9-close.
5	He gets knocked but the food was great!.  Great service, tv's.  Its right on the strip, we had a great time.I am in Vegas often, I will come back.
2	We really wanted to like this restaurant. Hostess station had wonderful attendants, Austin Tea was delicious and well balanced, and the chili was top notch.However, we came to try the ribs and they were subpar at best. Instead of a snap the outside was hard and chewy. The inside meat was stringy and dry, even the bones were brittle dry. With enough sauce (on the sweet side) we made it through half of the rack. It would have been pointless to ask for a replacement portion.Guy I expected so much more from a restaurant carrying your name.
4	Came back to this restaurant because the previous manager kindly offered me a complimentary meal (one appetizer, 2 main dishes, one dessert and 2 drinks) due to my bad experience with this restaurant, this time the food I ordered was a lot better, I got the original burger and the salmon sashimi taco for appetizer, both of them taste pretty good and the server (The Sherrif of Flavortown)was also pretty nice, thanks to the executive chef Tony Leitera for the good burger this time, I was satisfied with my burger.
5	this was such an unexpected awesome experience in LV...the food was fab and the service was super! we went back twice just to try a couple more menu items! if you are in LV you must try lunch or dinner here!!!
2	I'm guessing the number of great reviews on this place is due to the fact that most people on The Strip in Vegas are drunk and have the munchies.  While the menu looks great, the food is underwhelming.  We had the Chili Fries for an appetizer - it was OK, but nothing special.  Then we had the Mayor of Flavortown.  The sandwich was kind of dry.  The seasoning on the fries was strange - almost sweet - not what I want in a French fry.  The staff was great and I liked the atmosphere, but we won't give it another try.
5	I love Guy Fieri, so of course, while in Vegas, I had to stop by his fine establishment. I had the lettuce wraps and a lemon drop martini,  which were fantastic. The staff is friendly, not pushy there when you need them. The waiters/waitresses outfits were a little funny looking to me, but that's not a problem, just throwing it out there. Guy needs a restaurant here in CHICAGO!!!!
5	The mad Russian and I absolutely love this place! Having stayed at the Linq, doing breakfast here was a no-brainer. We had been looking forward to this breakfast since we booked our travel arrangements, so it had very high expectations to live up to. Starting right off, whether you're a fan or not of Bloody Mary drinks, you have got to check out their customizable mary menu--- pick your vodka, pick a garnish including candied bacon, shrimp or chicken.....pick your heat, pick five additives, including celery, carrots, pickled veggies, pineapple, etc and Wha-la! you have created your own - one-of-a-kind masterpiece!Parley that Bloody Mary with one of their excellent breakfast dishes and you have got yourself an experience. Over two trips this is what we liked in order  from best to least best:ChilaquilesBreakfast BurritoChili BenedictFrench ToastAll items were about $15-$16 but get a player card at the Casino to receive $1 off each item.Christopher, our server, was friendly, courteous,  personable and a delight to have a round. We thought enough of the food and service to come back twice in 5 days. Enough said...
3	If u order a burger-bacon Mac & cheese...it's good & it comes with a small variety of fries.  Wish waiter would have told us before we ordered a $15 side of truffle fries!!  Could have saved the calories & money on dessert instead!!  Duuuuhh!!  Bbq brown bourbon sugar wings were just meh too.
3	Had the Carne Asada Chilaquiles for late breakfast. Was delicious and filling! The restaurant was full so I sat on the bar and the hostess was nice and fast. Prices were ok!
2	My Bbq pulled pork sandwich was yummy.  The other 3 in our party said the burgers were not seasoned, needed salt.
4	The chairs we sat in were a little uncomfortable after a long day of waking. Would've been nice to get a booth, but it was crowded. Menu us a bit lacking in the burger department but I settled on the Mac n cheese burger based on the recommendation of the waiter. Was delicious as were the fries that came with. For fries, a drink, and the burger, the total was around $20. Which unfortunately on par with Vegas prices. I'd go back
2	The food is SUPER salty and fattening. Everything is covered in oil. The amount if truffle oil is ridiculous. The only thing that saves this place is the service Extremely nice people. I won't come back
5	This place is "out of bounds!" My boyfriend is a huge fan of Guy so it was a given that we would dine here as soon as we arrived in Vegas. Conveniently, we stayed at The Linq so we had our first meal in Vegas at Guy's restaurant and ate here for breakfast. I ordered the Breakfast Burrito which was CRRRAZY delicious. The tortilla chips on the side were served with a cheese sauce which was rich but light. My boyfriend ordered the Shortbread Pancakes which were bigger than his head but he killed it because it was so delicious. We enjoyed breakfast so much my boyfriend wanted to come back for our last night in Vegas. I ordered the Original Ringer burger that was juicy, savory, crunchy, and satisfying just like a good old American burger should be and my boyfriend ordered the Bacon Mac & Cheese burger which disappeared from sight. We also ordered a side of the Vegas fries which was ridiculously good and reminiscent of buffalo wings with a blue cheese sauce. Once again, not skimping on portions and satisfied our cravings. I also highly recommend the Rumchata frozen shots...Lord knows I had quite a few! Definitely making this restaurant one of our favorite spots in Vegas for casual food and drinks!
4	I'm a big fan of Guy and have always wanted to try his new restaurant in Vegas. The restaurant was a cool rustic style with a big bar in the middle. To be honest I didn't think the service was all that good but the food made up for it.
1	I don't know why this place has 4 stars.  It's Applebee's food with Ruth Chris prices.  With many other options in the near area defiantly walk on bye.
4	Portions are huge! Food -spot on! We ordered the ribs with fried polenta, truffle fries with wontons tacos as appetizer. We were not disappointed.
2	I am not a fan of Guy Fiery. I've seen him on tv and don't like him. I did not know his name before, but I saw a picture of him on a poster and told my wife that he would f-up our favorite foods. Based on yelp reviews, we decided to try the place anyway. Yelp let us down. Our fist dish, bourbon buffalo wings, had a weird taste to it. The wings were cold when they arrived. I showed my wife the inside of a red pepper half that came as a veggie side with the wings because it looked black. I looked at the other half and it was moldy. My wife showed it to the manager, and he quickly took it away and removed it from the bill. The beef ribs had an equally weird taste and were served just a little warm. They came with little bars of soft flavorless bread. We ordered a burger, and that at least was good. The temperature was appropriate, and the side of fries was fresh from the first frier. My wife agreed with me. Guy Fieri f-ed up two of our favorite foods: wings and ribs. I would give them one star except for the great service. The manager and the waiter were very attentive. But we can't justify more than two stars for a restaurant based on service alone.
5	This was my husband and I's first Celebrity Chef- Themed restaurant and it did NOT disappoint.  It was recommended by a bartender at Margaritaville when their place was closed up for a private event one night.  The whole new LINQ area is super cool, and I look forward to spending more time there on future visits.The wait staff was super friendly and clearly knew the menu well, and the ambiance was really cool.  We were lucky enough to catch the tail end of happy hour, so I tried the "Lemon Drop...Not" martini- let's just say it was good enough to have a second!For dinner, we shared a few things- The Fireball Whiskey wings, Mac and Cheese stuffed Bacon Burger, and the Triple T Truffle Fries.The wings should NOT be missed!  They were an amazing stand out- not to spicy, and the cinnamon was perfect!  The burger was a delightful monstrosity that my husband mainly ate, but said was fabulous!  The truffle fries were just okay.  The price point is pretty reasonable for Vegas with apps in the 12-14 range, and burgers around 14-20.
5	We were looking for dinner but no one could make up their mind. So we agreed on Guy Frieri's to see if it is as good as his attitude. The service was great, our server was friendly, knowledgeable and quick with a funny come back. The food was amazing and favor was soo good.
3	I have to admit, I had seen Guy Fieri's picture but had no idea what he was known for.  Was with a friend and decided to try this restaurant.  It was swamped so had to sit at the bar (otherwise there was an hour wait, but it was a Friday night).The service at the bar was a bit slow.  Good draft beer selection.I had an antipasto salad, very interesting presentation.  The "bowl" (which was on a plate) was made of Prosciutto, filled with greens, cheeses, and other meats....lots of cheeses though (that seems to be his trademark I'd guess).  My friend ordered a burger which was very large (she had to cut it in half to attempt to eat it), and we split an order of truffle fries...which were large enough that when placed between us, we couldn't see on another (not really joking here).  They were delicious, but could easily feed a party of five.Not bad, but don't know that I'd rush back.
4	Came here for dinner with a friend.  We got the Sashimi Won-Tacos, Triple T Fries, and The Original Ringer Burger.The Won-Tacos were really good; excellent combination of ingredients.  The Triple T Fries were probably the standout dish for us; my friend normally has a LOT of ketchup with her fries (she basically has some fries with her ketchup), but after eating a few fries, she leaned over and whispered, "don't tell anyone, but I don't even want ketchup with fries!", which, coming from her, is the highest praise you could give to fries.  The Original Ringer Burger was quite delicious too.  My friend was so enamored with her half that she bit her own finger eating it!
5	We definitely picked a good choice when we picked this restaurant! I just had to see what all the hype was about. To start I ordered the Guido's Freaky Tiki. A delicious cocktail that included everything in it. 2 different types of rum, passion fruit, pineapple juice, orange juice lime juice, grenadine. For the entree my friend recommended the bacon mac and cheese burger. Omg, it was amazing and I was definitely in heaven eating this thing. Seriously imagine a huge burger with mac and cheese in it. One of the best parts was the burgers come with fries. No extra charge! & not just fries but a variety. Truffle fries, onion rings, and regular fries, so you get to try a little bit of everything. Genius! What's not to love! Everything was really pricy here but you get what you pay for! & it was definitely well worth it. I'll be back next time I'm in Vegas. =)
4	Came here for food and drink. No complaints. The turkey burger was so darn delicious and I'd come back just for that. The fries were a mix of every type of fry you can imagine (waffle, shoe string, steak etc) which was interesting. The drinks were very tasty. Yes its a celebrity chef restaurant and it was pricey but I came away very satisfied.
4	After the ridiculously long lines at all of the buffet spots, we decided to check out the newly remodeled Quad (formerly Imperial Palace). We came across a familiar name that we know must be good, Guy Fieri. Luckily, we weren't waiting long to be seated. Since it was such a warm night, we opted to sit outside. Our party ordered drinks and the chicken wings for appetizers. The wings were delicious so I was expecting amazing things from the main course. I ordered the Blackened Cajun chicken and sausage with fries. The fries had 3 cuts in the order: shoestring, regular and waffle. The fries were delicious, but I was so let down by the chicken/sausage sandwich. It was super salty that I didn't even taste anything else but the salt. Other the epic fail on my main dish, everything else was awesome. I am willing to come back and try something different. This is a great edition to the Las Vegas Strip.
5	I honestly loved it a lot it was really nice I loved the whole look of the place. The only thing that I did see that was bad was the hostess. As soon as we walked we had to say hi table for two but before she did that another waiter walked up to her and gave her a whole plate of food to hide under the table . I don't think people need to see that. But beside that I loved the place and the food is great and looks amazing
4	This place was pleasantly surprising!!  Our food managed to outdo my expectations of taste & quality, and the bartenders (the guys) are all really nice, friendly, and engaging while not intruding on couple's  date-night experience.  Our first visit was top notch.  Sitting at the bar, we ordered The Motley Que Sandwich (essentially a pulled pork item), and it was really amazing!!  It came with Quad Fries, which are equally amazing!!  I could eat those fries aaall daaayyy...  it's like a mixture of different shaped potato cuts, each seasoned differently / separately before being compiled together.  Such a great concept! They have a yummy shot that's like drinking Cinnamon Toast Crunch, hah, it's Fireball Whiskey & Rumchata together, and it's worth trying.  They have a good beer selection as well.  Our second visit was okay, but had it been our first, we wouldn't have been rushing to return...  *the hostess that day had an attitude  *the bartender (female) kept ignoring me, haha (she would only address my husband, "How's your food?" while looking at him & shaking her overly exposed boobies... is that an areola?  Lol.  She never asked how my food was, and I had to have my husband order my beer bc she wouldn't acknowledge my nods or waves.  Whatever lady.  *the '68 Cajun Sandwich was good only bc I was hungry, but I would not order it again.  It was a small, open-faced sandwich on a hard bread, like a baguette maybe?  The menu stated it would be on a hoagie roll, which is a softer bread so I don't know what happened with that.  It was dripping with grease!!  Quad fries were amazing again though!!
5	It was one of the best burgers, the Mac n cheese burger the fries were good  its a nice  restaurant, staff was very friendly
4	I cannot recommend the churros enough! You have not lived until you've tasted the sugary deep-fried cinnamon sweetness of Guy Fieri's Mexican Churros ($11 with Total Rewards Card). It's all about that dulce de leche dip, man! I could live without the spicy chocolate dip, but I won't let that take away from the overall awesomeness of my favorite spot for churros. Excuse my ravings. Now, here's the nitty gritty. Guy Fieri's menu has changed very frequently since my first to this restaurant in the Quad. Prices have gone up $2-3 on all menu items and apparently they've gotten rid of their nachos (lame). Here are my main gripes:1) They charge $4 for a fountain drink. Really?!2) The tables are dirty. The tables that have the wood planks on them have tons of food/random sauce wedged in the cracks. Eww.3) The uniforms of the staff are hideous. They're a tacky denim/Western getup. I hate them. No one likes a "Denim Dan".4) Guy Fieri's is extremely unfriendly for vegetarians, unless you order fries or a salad, which isn't really food. Hence my preference for eating at Guy's mostly for dessert only. Okay, now for the good stuff. Everything is presented as an edible masterpiece. Guy's WINS for presentation. Also, the portions are ginormous. Yay! The Caesar salad ($14) is a goodie. There's plenty for two and it can serve as an entree in its own right. The dressing is on the thicker side and the Parmesan cheese was scrumptious. My husband and I had to do the "push away" to save room for our main course. When Guy's used to have nachos on the menu, those were great too. Very creative and extremely cheesy. The chef's spared no expense on loading the nachos up with ooey gooey cheese!  The jalapenos were my favorite part! Somehow they had an almost sweet taste to them. My husband ordered the Bacon Mac-N-Cheese Burger ($19). He barely put a dent in it, it was so huge. He was quite pleased with his burger. We did order the Guy's Cheesecake Challenge ($13), once. It's overrated. I'm not really a cheesecake person anyways, so don't mind me. I just gave it a shot because so many people were raving about it, I thought, well if it's so good maybe I'll like cheesecake this one time. No such magical moment happened. I didn't like the potato chips or the pretzels shoved in the cheesecake. They tasted stale. The cheesecake itself just didn't do it for me. Oh well. Service has always been great or average. We usually come on Monday or Tuesday nights, so the wait time is under 10 minutes. In sum, I like Guy's. The food is fun. To be honest though, I'll probably only eat here for dessert whenever I feel like splurging.
4	Delicious!!!! Love this place so much we had the Vegas fries which is a must!! They came with a buffalo sauce and blue cheese we also had the Mayor of flavor town which is a burger with pastrami, come slaw and beef. Both were equally amazing. They have an amazing menu and everything sounds different but delicious service could have been better but it was good. I love the layout nice cool place they had a bar as well. Will definitely be back to try some more things on this menu!!
5	What a treat  this place is. Good ambiance and very good food with good presentation.Wife and I had bowl of chili and split a turkey burger ( ok , really more like I had 3/4). Look forward to coming back and trying his famous mac n cheese bacon burger.
1	I had heard good thing about this restaurant, but this was not the case for my visit. Our glasses and silverware were caked with hard water spots that showed previous patrons' lip marks. Gross. I attempted to flag down our waiter to inform him, but he had not visited our table since our order was placed. I was finally able to grab a nearby waiter to talk to the manager. The manager explained that "there's only one guy in the back polishing glasses" and the water for the older casino was not soft. I still find this to be an unacceptable excuse for an establishment that serves $20 burgers. Hard water may leave spots, but there are clearly lip marks from oils/material left from another person on the glass. Check out the pictures.
5	Last meal in Vegas totally worth it! It was literally redonkulous; exactly as you'd expect from Guy Fieri. The fondue dippers were amazing I'm surprised no one thought of wrapping pretzels with pepperoni and dipping it in warm cheese dip before. The burgers were so big they were hanging off the bun! And having bacon, fried onion strings, AND MAC N CHEESE on the burger with LTOP (lettuce, tomato, onion, and pickles) is just food heaven. Always went to places Guy went on Triple D but this is the first time I went to his restaurant and it definitely won't be my last.
3	Food: -the motley q burger was awesome. If you love BBQ, it's the best burger on the menu to fulfill your tastebuds. -The bacon Mac & cheese burger was good too. I think it can totally lose the shredded lettuce. It's just way too much for that kind of savory burger. -The fries that come with the burgers and sandwiches were bomb. I love that they were mixed and matched with waffle & shoestring and whatnot. -Caesar salad was basic, fresh and delightful. I didn't care too much for the big crouton that was holding everything up. Too stale. Service: Elizabeth was nice, knew the menu but there were a couple of times when my guest request was brushed aside and it lagged too much. We asked for salt and pepper with our Caesar and we didn't get it till we were 3/4 of the way done with our Caesar... We're not fast eaters. Greeters were not upbeat and did not even seem like they wanted to be there. Overall the whole reason why I'm giving this a 3 star rating is because of the cleanliness. My glasses were super dirty. I talked to a manager and said what was wrong, he wasn't defensive but just said that there's something wrong with the water and chemicals.. Sure. I agree with you but a simple polishing of glasses so I don't think it's dirty would be SO MUCH better for my perception. Polishing doesn't take a long time especially since it's just the rim.Also, the table and booth were dirty and wet upon seating. Seriously? Doesn't take much to clean it up. Food was alright, nothing knocked my socks off, service was mediocre, cleanliness was what made it a meh experience.
5	First time here and I shared an original ringer burger with my husband and it was yummy! I will be back to get my own plate and try the different burgers.
3	The pictures of the burgers looked super crazy and deadly but the portions are actually very feasible. Our group of 5 shared: sashimi "won-tacos," triple T fries, the original ringer burger, and the bacon mac-n-cheese burger. We probably could have stuffed ourselves with another item. My favorites were the fries and the original burger. The fries were super crisp and full of truffle flavor, especially the aioi. The original burger had the flavors I like most, although I think the bacon mac-n-cheese is more unique and a good combination to try.To me, the burgers are a little better than your average burger but not a favorite I would want again and again (I still prefer Bachi burger or even Holsteins). The tacos were definitely a let down- super small portion of tuna and not very interesting. Overall, I would only come back for a beer and some of those fries.
4	I got the pulled pork sandwich with fries on the side. It was extremely good. The sauce was spot on, probably some of the best pulled pork I've had in awhile. The fries and sauce were very good, though the BBQ sauce that comes with the fries is a little strange and not quite to my personal liking. My bf got the chicken wings which were like lollipops. It was a bit of chicken with the bone kinda stuck in it or cut so it was sticking out so you fingers didn't get super saucey. They were also very good. The portions are very decent, both of us were full after finishing most our meal and did not even get to our appetizer. Our server was, however, pretty much nonexistent.
5	Soooooo stinkin good! Portions are ridiculously fulfilling. Most items are big enough to share with someone else. I got the "Dragon breath chili cheese waffle fries", the fondue dippers and hubby got the " Fireball whisky wings". There are literally layers of flavor in each dish. From the cumin in the chili to the basil in the fondue - you will NOT be disappointed! Great job, Guy!
3	Totally excited to come here we LOVE GUY!A short wait was no issue we got a a text when the table was ready my daughter wants to be a chef and was sooo stoked to be here. She loves guy vs Rachel's kids cook off. As a former chef I was giddy too. It's an odd layout and ambiance. Is it a bar? A BBQ joint? Country western or Rock?  No clue the menu is basically burgers and sandwiches. No kids menu soo 13 bucks a kid or more.  We got the tripleT fries the triple D burger the dragon fries and the double barrel wings . We'll the food on par omg so good but from the loud music the squished seating and it was uncomfortable the messed up a beer order which we'll can pass.  The two shining lights in this place was our server Christopher and the flavor of the food.  The ambiance was hectic rushed and stressful the only working pos was outside sooo 30degree weather shootingDown my spine every time a server had to ring something up.   Kudos to the waitstaff and chef to saving the night.
2	My bf and love Guy so we finally got the chance to try his food here in Vegas. Ambience was western, casual, and relaxing. We sat at the bar since there were seats opened. We ordered a drink Java Guava, Cajun Sandwich, and Flavortown Sandwich. The only thing we liked was my drink. We were high in sodium because the sandwiches were extremely salty so we couldn't finish them. So disappointed, but who knows the other choices might be less salty, even the couple right next to us experienced the same thing. Service was good though.
5	Pleasantly surprised, my husband wanted to eat here and I had wanted to go somewhere else for breakfast. But I'm glad we did! Great  Bloody Mary's and the chilaquiles were awesome. Our server was great. Lunch menu looks great too.
3	The manager and waiter were very friendly. The Mac N Cheese burger, mayor flavor town burger, and the original ringer burger were delicious, except the triple B burger- the blue cheese, bacon, and the patty, all together were so salty. Eating the patty by itself was salty already. We did mentioned it to the manger. He was very friendly and spoke to us right away. He gave us a discount which was very nice.
5	The door staff isn't all that attentive and the food is PRICEY ($20 for a hamburger?) and who needs one as big as your head?  The BEST thing about being here is that there are 2 happy hours.  The first one from 3:00 to 5:00  - there was NEVER any room at the bar the 5 days were there.  We did the one at 9:00 and much to my surprise was a familiar face behind the bar.  Mike is an old friend of Guy's and we always use to visit him when he was at Fitzgerald's on Fremont St.  I was super glad to see him here and was friendly and entertaining and a GREAT bartender.  THAT's the reason for the 5 stars because we didn't eat while there.
4	Great burger. Average service. The service is the only reason it got a 4 and not a 5. $100 for 4 burgers and an appetizer. Not cheap but right on the strip.
1	Worse breakfast ever..Poached eggs served in a water pool, not sure what the sausage was made of but tasted like saw dust.Bacon was over cooked, plate filled to make it look impressive with potatoBiscuit large and dry, no butter or condiments of any kind on the table, no salt pepper or ketchupTerrible coffee that in any place would be complimentary here is $4 a cupVery disappointed and certainly not a do over.
5	don't like to eat @ the same place twice in a town like this, but i went back on my 2nd trip to town this year & it was better than before - i know good BBQ and the BBQ sandwich is the best i can remember - the burger with mac/cheese was awesome. have had all the apps and they are great.  easily on of my favorite places to eat
2	We decided to check this place out since it looked like a casual dining spot and was close to our hotel. My sis and I weren't too hungry so we ordered the fondue pretzel dippers which I do not recommend. We had thought it would be a soft pretzel but they turned out to be those hard pretzel sticks you can buy at a cvs. Gross. Also the accompanying cheese dip was too salty for my taste. Giving this place an extra star only because our waitress was nice
4	I love burgers. I have been extremely disappointed with probably the last 10 burgers I've tried around Los Angeles. I've told myself to stay away from foo foo non traditional burgers and I've been grilling them at home recently because I've been so disappointed lately. My favorite burger in LA is Pie and Burger in Pasadena so you can have an idea what I like.Wifey wanted to hit this up. I had low expectations. We ordered the regular burger (forgot the name but it had BBQ sauce). Now I would normally not get bbq sauce but this burger was tasty. The bread was soft and fresh (so important). The meat was super juicy and not overcooked. Perfect amount of condiments to keep it all moist and together. Loved the different fries on the side. Already seasoned and came out piping hot and fresh. I was so impressed with the burger.We sat at the bar to avoid waiting. Wifey loved her lemon drop drink and I appreciated the proper Guiness pulls on my draft. Also had the fireball wings. They were okay. Good concept and I love how they cut them up and push em up before cooking like those asian style wings. I'm just more of a fried wing kinda guy. Liked the wasabi blue cheese sauce.Main point.. Good damn burger. Props to the cooks.
2	Do NOT order the wings. For $14 you get scrap parts of the wings, which they call "lollipops" and their way of trying to convince you that they make it easy for you to eat...YA, because there is no more meat for you to eat to even get messy. They basically strip off all the meat and leave you with the bone and the driest parts. There are no drums(middle pieces). Literally there is no meat. I had ordered the General So wings. Anyways I would assume the flavor will be amazing but it was terrible. It was too salty and tasted like sweet and sour sauce out of a packet from Panda Express. What does it take to be a good chef? Just making the food look pretty rather than taste good or even filling? I was basically served chicken bones cleaned up and presented to me on a plate with some sauce on the side. I am so offended that they could get away with serving this garbage and charging for it. What do they do with the actual meat? I don't know if I would be more upset if they threw it away or used it on another dish, which means they get paid twice for it.
3	I'd been wanting to try this place since it opened.  I got there early to meet some friends, so I sat at the bar and the service was good.  When my friends arrived, we were seated.  However, we waited about 15 minutes for our server to even come by, and it probably would have been longer had we not flagged down another server.  And she was ok, but not great.  I order the pulled pork sandwich without the slaw and the "donkey sauce (which looks like a spiced mayo)" on the side.  The pulled pork was good.  The BBQ sauce was spot on and the pork was tender.  It was served on a very good pretzel roll.  The fries that were served with it were not good at all.  They were WAY too spicy.  The menu didn't have a whole lot of options for people who don't eat spicy foods.  One of my friends had what I had and he felt the same way, while my other friend had the Mac & Cheese burger which looked great and she enjoyed it. I'd like to go back and try their breakfast, but I think I'll pass on their lunch/dinner again, until they widen the menu to include some savory items that are not all spicy.  It was ok, but not great.  There are much better restaurants in town.
4	Fantastic food! My husband and I both ordered burgers (Guy's signature burger and the Mac n cheese burger) and they were both delicious. The fries were just amazing. Our drinks were good (jack n coke for the husband and some blackberry margarita for me), could have been stronger but still tasty.  The only reason I gave 4/5 is because the service was kind of slow and it wasn't super busy. But we'll definitely be back!
4	It was the best damn burger & fries I've had in a long time. It's pricey, but it's worth a visit if you are near The Linq on the Las Vegas Strip. Bartender was friendly, exciting atmosphere, and delicious food and drinks.
5	OMG! 1st off...let me say that I ate at Guy's restaurant in New York. It was ok. nothing special. But his restaurant in Las Vegas just blew me away! Humongous portions, compatable with their prices. The drinks were great. I had the mac and cheese burger (my favorite thing on earth!). Big, juicy patties with creamy mac and cheese), served with 4 kinds of fries (each with it's own spicyness, but not too spicy at all). For dessert I had the fried ice cream...oh, G-d! a gigantic ball of french vanilla ice cream fried in corn flakes with strawberry, pineapple and chocolate sauces on the plate, along with banana and peanut butter toppings, burbon sauce and whipped cream. All plated so that you can build your own bomb! All of the presentations were wonderful! Ate there again for lunch and had the pulled pork sandwich. Again...amazing! Guy,  you really outdid yourself! The only negative thing I could say is that if breakfast is going to stop serving early (which, according to the staff, the chef decides on that day), a sign should be posted outside to let people know.
3	I do not know what the big hype is about this place. The food is not as good as the picture makes it seem. I got the mac and cheese burger and it was okay. I have had plenty other burgers that have had a lot more flavor. Their fries were a bit cold and tasted kind of stale but they were good. I wish we would have got a fresh batch. I love that they txt you when your table is ready so you dont have to stand around and wait like at most places.
5	I came here at the suggestion of a friend.  Was hesitant to come here at first, as celebrity chef restaurants tend to be overpriced and the quality of food generally lacks in flavor...GENERALLY.  However, this place is incredible and well worth the wait!  I checked in with the hostess, requesting an indoor table for four, and was told the wait would be approximately 45 mins.  She requested my cell phone number and informed me when a table was ready, I would be receiving a text message from them.  The text finally came and we were seated in a booth.  The drinks here are a bit overpriced, in my opinion (approximately $15-$20).  However, they are delicious.  The drink I had was (I believe) called the "Guava Java.".  The prices for their food items are decent, especially considering their food portions are Texas-sized, meaning HUGE food portions!  If you have a player's card, the menu items come out to a dollar cheaper.  If you're active/retired military, your food bill will come out to 20% less.  I ordered their chili bowl.  The chili had the right amount of kick to it and was topped with a very tasty corn bread muffin.  Despite having to ask for our water glasses to be refilled, our waiter was very patient and friendly with our party.  The bill for our dinner didn't break the bank, but I believe it was still worth it, considering the amount of food served with your order.  If you're into BBQ, this is the place to come!
4	So cool to get to grab two seats at the bar here! We LOVED the Pepperoni Pretzel Sticks with Cheese! But the Macornoni burger to split as a follow up was too much food, yet delicious! The Blackberry Marg was way too sweet for me, if you like traditional cocktails go for the Bloody Mary here... it has an entire array of spicy vegetables and fruits attached... SO GOOD! Great beer selection as well. Worth a stop in Vegas for the prices people, you should probably make a plan to stop by and be ready to wait for a table or get aggressive at the bar :)
5	We had just finished seeing the Divas and I was so happy to see Guy Fieri staring down at me from his poster that it did not take much persuasion to walk in and try out the food of the King of Drive Thru and Diners!Though it was quite late at night our server was most pleasant and helpful and on his recommendation the wifey had the Mayor of Flavortown Burger and I had the Bacon Mac and Cheese Burger!  The food came out very quickly and OMG the SIZE of these Burgers were RIDONCULOUS!!  This is one of the few times I wish I was a Python where I could unhinge my jaw and swallow this bad boy whole!!We both had to improvise and had two open faced burgers, the wifey had the Pastrami on one side and I did the same with the Bacon and Mc and Cheese on one side with the bun!  The accompanying Truffle fries were the coup de gras!We just about managed to crawl out of there and thankfully had to walk/limp just across the street to our hotel .... got home grabbed and extra Crestor and hit the pillow wobbling and went right into a Coma / REM sleep!!!This is one of the few times I would give 5 *'s to a Burger joint and Guy Fieri you have earned my respect!  We will definitely be back if we come to Lost Wages again!
5	Out of all the food we ate in Vegas, this restaurant was by far the best.Bill was $65 before tip. We ordered an appetizer, tall beer and two dinners. Food was delicious. Fries were awesome!Was very busy though, however some tables were empty and we waited about 20 minutes to be seated. We did call ahead to try to get a reservation, but was told they don't take reservations unless party was 13 or more.We opted to take a seat outside. Was a cold night, but with the outdoor heaters, it was very comfortable, plus the music from the bar next door and outdoors TV's, plus people watching, it is probably the best seat in the house.Hostess staff could probably try to smile and acknowledge people right away, but everyone else we encountered staff wise was great. Our server was nice, prompt and very personable. He 'bonded' with my husband because they grew up around the same area in Pennsylvania after chatting for a minute about football (there was a payoff football game on the outdoor TV's).All in all, we were happy we picked this restaurant and would go back again.
3	We ate here during NFR and our mini honeymoon, mid December. I SO wanted to love this place, but it just didn't come together for me. Everything was on salt overload.  My pulled pork had way too much mayo and Drew's sand which was so salty from the sausage and the sauce he couldn't finish it. I will say, the potatoes we had were AMAZING, beer selection and service saved this place for me.  I would probably skip lunch and just do happy hour here.Finally, the hostess was the singularly most unhappy person we met in Vegas. Not a crack or hint of a smile. She obviously hates her job and no one will call her out on it.  If you're in a service industry you better learn to fake some kind of interest. I watched her while we were there walk everyone to their table, slap down menus, and walk away without even so much as "enjoy".  Bad impression from the get go in a place like this.  I commented on this in the survey you complete with the meal.  That was a month ago, I never heard anything.
4	My wife and I ate hear on New Year's Eve, as we just wanted something quick, and weren't interested in some expensive prix fixe menu other restaurants were offering.  If you follow triple D at all, you'll notice that the decor of this place has Guy written all over it.  It's not a huge place inside, but they also offer outdoor seating.  Since it was about 35 degrees outside, we weren't interested in that, despite having heat lamps.The only knock I have against this place is that the menu is a bit limited.  There were several things that looked good to me, but my wife was struggling to find something.  I had the Bacon Mac and Cheese Burger, while my wife decided on a turkey sandwich with cranberry sauce.  Each sandwich comes with a variety of different fries, which is cool.  You get crinkle cut, shoestring, wedge, waffle, etc.  I thought that was a cool idea.  The portions here are enormous, so be sure to bring your appetite.  My wife and I could barely finish half of our meals.  I thought the food tasted really good, so I'd be willing to give this place another shot.  It might be best to spilt a meal between two people, since they're so large.  It's probably not the best place to bring kids, as it's loud and there's a lot of boozing going on.All in all, I'm a fan of Guy, and I thought his restaurant in Vegas was good.  We got out of here for about $40-$50 for the two of us.  Give this place a shot if you're in Vegas, and sit out on the patio if it's nice outside.
4	I went here for dinner with my boyfriend and two friends. We all really enjoyed it a lot. My friend ate his Mac and cheese burger so quickly that I almost forgot they even brought it out. I had a burger and it was seriously awesome. The donkey sauce is delicious and I only wish I could have finished that burger because it was so damn good. The drinks were good but a little weak for my liking. The flavors in them are great and very pronounced but it was hard to tell if they were weak or just that the flavors overpowered the alcohol. I really like the decor as well as the sugar skull napkins and nice cutlery. I would definitely hit this spot again on my next Vegas trip and will look into trying one of Guy Fieri's other spots, too.
5	Awesome place to get burgers and some beer. Located at the front of the Linq hotel. Everything we had was top notch packed with tons of flavor. One of the better burger joints on the strip for sure. Huge portions, so come hungry.My husband had the BBQ sandwich which was piled high and perfectly messy. Literally finger - licking good. I had the pastrami burger. Slices of pastrami over a perfectly seasoned hamburger patty. Very tastyThe Quad fries were awesome - and the seasoning gave them an awesome kick.Didn't get a chance to try dessert, but you'll see me back soon
3	For the most part the experience was OK.   I would not run over here,  but it's good food if you end up here.   The wait was kind of long.    I ordered the wings that are pretty small,  but really good.  Our drinks were not refilled until I completed my meal 45 minutes later.
1	I have heard so many good things about this place, However STAY AWAY if you want speedy service or better yet service at all. I am so disappointed it almost brought me to tears. I waited 53 minutes for a table for myself. I didn't mind waiting 53 minutes even though I seen several several different parties come in after me then get seated right away. I'm not sure why it's so hard for one person to have a table and not be required to sit at the bar. Once seated by the very friendly hostess I sat there and sat there and sat there while 3 other parties were sat and orders taken all the while I never get got to order a drink. After about 15 minutes of sitting there the bus boy brought me a water and apologized and said he would find the sever he didn't know where or why he had not helped me. So I waited another 5 minutes and just had to get up and walk out. I've never had to walk out of a resturant for not being served it truly struck me and made me feel very upset and uncomfortable  wondering why I was neglected as if I had done something  wrong.I wouldn't wish that feeling on anyone and therefore I cannot recommend  the resturant. The one star is for the amazing frendily hostess.
4	I was bummed we had just missed the breakfast, because it looked amazing. So I had low expectations when ordering lunch because I wanted breakfast so badly. I ordered the Carne Asada Street Tacos and wow they were good! I was starving and hungover so I inhaled all 4 in minutes. Although it is Vegas so a little pricy, definitely were delicious and I would go back for more. The patio also provides great people watching entertainment. tart your review...
3	Out of the gate i called for a reservation. they said no need.. just come on in. So i was upset to find a 30 min wait for a table. they told me they dont take reservations. it vegas... sat night... you guys should take reservations. just my opinion.menu is small... food is over the top. truffle fries were incredible.. everything else was good.. not great.. but good. i had good company which made the meal fun. so all in all we had a good time there. Its a pretty good place. i guess i would return under the right circumstances... but wouldnt run back there on my own...
3	The food good for the most part. Friend and I split two burgers between in. The tatted-up turkey burger was amazing. It has great flavor and was a good size. The second burger: Triple B Burger was awful. They went extremely heavy on the blue cheese so you can't taste anything. Also they didn't cook the burger the way I request. I asked for medium well and it came back medium rare. As for the service, our waiter was great and very help. As for the girls in front (who welcome and seat guest) I didn't appreciate the look they gave me when I asked if there was a discount for employees since I work for the company this restaurant was located at.
