5	I had the pleasure of being invited to a preview the other day. It's incredible! The technology...my mind is blown. Just wait!
5	Absolutely dig the place. The staff are exceptionally friendly and all seem to buy in to making the experience a unique one. The rooms are different in many senses with ambient lighting and controls for the environment which make all other hotels I've stayed in (disclaimer - I practically live in them) pale in comparison. If I were to choose to come to Vegas for a vacation I'd pick this place out of the many just because you can enjoy the property and forget it's a casino. There are many finishing touches still being put into place, but the overall design is thoughtful in many aspects with emphasis on being providing a different and story-worthy experience. The whole feel of the place is sheik-meets-Andy Warhol-throw in Frank Lloyd Wright-zen. Go see it and then you'll understand.
5	I'm impressed. I already know this place will become my favorite playground from now on. The futuristic vegas has begun. Step inside and you will know you're in with the cool, fun crowd. Be confident but not arrogant, take a chance and go for it. Welcome to maximum Vegas
4	Amazing place for nightlife so far. The boulevard pool is lavish and sure to be the it spot for summers to come. The casino area is over cramped with multiple games which gives off the feeling of a downtown casino. Restaurants are posh, but I think the cosmo sets itself apart with the lounge like bars. A good use of space and distances itself from other casino lounges. Music is resonating throughout the casino but quiets down upstairs for people watching and restaurant areas.
4	Holy moly.Absolutely. Fabulous.
5	We attended the grand opening of the 3.9 billion dollar new resort tonight and the place was packed. We had cocktails at the Chandelier Bar which is three stories high and includes a glass stairway with glass treads and images that are projected behind the chandelier beads. Very chic, modern and unique. The hotel lobby columns are lined with video screens which have images that are changing constantly. In the gaming areas they have single deck black!I'm looking forward to staying here in the future and experiencing the new restaurants and entertainment In Las Vegas.
4	It definitely has a great vibe to it, especially on opening night with all of the tourists and locals alike out to check out the newest and hippest new casino to open on the Strip.  Walking in from the 2nd level walkway connecting to Crystals, we immediately encounter a bikini shop called Molly Brown's.  And all I can say is WOW!  The live models posing in the skimpy bikinis was enough to gather a huge crowd.  I lost my friends from school almost immediately. Yeah, that crowded :pAnyway, there is a lot of retail stores in Cosmopolitan.  The place is not big, but I think the square footage allocated to retail is significantly higher than most Las Vegas casinos.  The line up of restaurants are also very impressive, and the prices for dinner in most of them are pretty reasonable by mega resort standards.  Think $20ish for dinner entree, in the teens for appetizers.  The hostesses standing at the entrences of the restaurants are also especially friendly, (Comme Ca) one even approached us and escorted us inside to the balcony area overlooking LV Blvd and the big Bellagio sign.In spite of the rumor that they mostly stocked the hotel staff with "models", I was a little disappointed that I didn't see all that many super attractive women working there.  There were quit a few men that look nice in the tailored suits, but unfortunately I am not into that.The layout of the casino area also makes Cosmopolitan look especially busy.  Unlike Aria, which is spreadout over a much larger square footage space, the more consolidated arrangement really works for Cosmopolitan.The art works in Cosmopolitan are also more approachable, in my opinion.  Guests were posing inside giant high heel shoes, which is something that would probably be shunned at in other casinos or museums. The columns of changing displays in the lobby near where I think the guest check-in is, is art, but most people will probably not think it is. Yep, Cosmopolitan has made it easier for the avergae joe to apprece and enjoy art.  Oh yeah, they also have 5 Art-o-Mats, which sells $5 mini works of art.  At first I thought it was a cigarette or cigar machine with fancy wrappers, but they are machines repurposed to sell and promote art.  Pretty cool.Finding parking in a popular casino garage can often be a pain in the tushy, but a cool feature in the Cosmopolitan garage that will save a lot of time are the green and red lights over each parking slot, which will tell you if the space is occupied or not.  And they of course have the usual signs that tells you howmany spots are available at each parking level. Overall, I like it thus far.  And rating based on look and layout, I have to say it is a solid 4 stars.
5	This place was amazing. When you walk in, it takes a little while to figure out the vibe of the place, but as you walk around, you sense that it's fresh, young, and stylish. They have art everywhere, and places like the lobby and lounges have different schemes and touches that set them apart from one another. Enough, so that they stick in your mind after you leave the establishment. It was opening night, so I'm assuming that's why everyone was so cheerful and friendly, but I hope it's a quality they keep. The only complaints I have are the elevators in the lobby that takes you between the three floors. They are not only slow, but they are extremely small! No more than 10 or 11 people can fit, and if you have a friend who is wheelchair bound like we did, that number is even less. Also, the music was a little weird, considering the vibe you get when you go to the hotel. It wasn't exceptionally current, or edgy... However, like I said, it could just be because it was opening and the middle of the week.Overall, it is easily my favorite hotel on the strip and I can definitely see myself celebrating there in the very near future!
4	There was little evidence of the LV slump here on opening night, with tastings abuzz with industry suits around the restaurants and a packed casino floor once the property opened to the general public. And with good reason: the Cosmopolitan is a beautiful, modern hotel, second only to Wynn/Encore as the nicest on the Strip.The biggest feather is Cosmo's hat is Marquee Las Vegas, the most impressive nightclub I've seen and one that will give XS a run for its money. With 3 levels ranging from a house mega-floor to a attic library, the venue has only small echoes of the boutique feel of its sister property at 11th Ave & W. 27th St. If the 2nd and 3rd tier clubs around City Center are smart, they'll set their sights on the spillover crowd from Marquee. Besides building a beautiful indoor/outdoor day/night haven, the Tao team have done a nice job of dovetailing with the casual living room-esque whimsy that Cosmo as a whole -- with pool tables scattered around, for instance -- is aiming for.If you come, ask for a room overlooking the Bellagio fountains. Cosmo will be getting the wrinkles out over the next few weeks:- Customer service lines that ring off the hook and reps who have no clue what they're doing- Bathtub knobs that fall off- TV remotes that don't work- Dealers who have trouble cutting decks- Showers that won't get hot- A loyalty website that's broken- Bartenders who push alcohol of people they know don't drink (unconscionable)- Dealers who push gaming on people they know don't gamble (unconscionable)- Front desk printers that don't, well, print...but those fine points to be expected of a fresh-out-of-the-shrink-wrap property. All in all, Deutsche Bank's accidental foray into gaming is off to an auspicious start. Now let's see whether they can resist the temptation to go to channel partners for more than....a month? :)
4	Its all in the name-- The Cosmopolitan.  Formerly a hotel-condo, the property was properly designed for various levels of entertainment.  However, what about a casino?  The casino floor is very tiny compared to many big, corporate resorts on the strip.  It does have a high limit area incorporated on the casino floor-- a handful of tables and slot machines.  The area does get lost among the rest of the casino, for obvious reasons being the size, and does not exactly seem too fancy.  The most horrible part, they took so much money opening night.  Incentives to come back?  Though the resort does entice you to look closer at the enormous Swarovski crystal chandelier, why get any closer to the tables if you exhausted your marker to the last penny.  Wrong move, Cosmo. Wrong move.  As for the room.  I stayed on the 62nd floor in a 1200 square foot suite, with a wrap around porch.  From the full size Miele equipped kitchen, to the million thread count beddings, the suite was surely one to impress. The wrap around porch does raise some concerns for the rowdy, avid, gambler/drinker.  One stupid move, and your stay at the Cosmopolitan could cost you more than that crystal chandelier.  In a nutshell, the Cosmopolitan does its definition justice-- very sophisticated.  Great food.  Great staff.  Great property.  But like all resorts, there are some things to work on.
5	Finally, a hotel befitting of its name. Tres bon, tres chic. Compared to Aria, I was very impressed since Cosmopolitan puts Aria to shame for being a boring casino/hotel or even realizing how stupid Aria's name is. However, the people who designed the cosmopolitan should be applauded for the design and overall casino/hotel configuration.The decor is amazing! There are retail shops towards the front facade of the cosmopolitan. In the casino area, there are several bars which most people were gathering. The way they setup this casino is conducive for people gathering and watching. I though the players rewards card for this hotel is very creative. It is called "identity."Also, the waitresses at this hotel are actually sophisticated. They are not in skimpy trashy outfits like the other hotels. It definitely adds class to this joint. There is an abundance of art work towards the back of the casino area which I have to say is also very tastefully chosen. I hope it does well because it certainly would be a hotel/casino that I'd come back to visit.
5	I haven't stayed at the Cosmo, I've only walked through it, so take this review with a grain of salt. Here are a few things that make this place cool.- There's interesting art everywhere. From the street art in the parking garage to the digital art in the lobby and throughout the hotel there's a different vibe here than other casinos on the strip. It feels fresh, it's engaging, and gives the place a unique personality.- The Art-O-Mat machines. They're refurbished cigarette machines that sell original art from artists around the world for $5. I'm not sure how many people will actually use these machines, but it's a cool gimmick to showcase rising or established artists that many people might not know.- The Identity loyalty program. It keeps track of all the money you spend here. Not just on gambling, but also on things like food. I eat out a lot and rarely gamble. So this is a program that'll benefit me.- I'm a big fan of Jose Andres and he's got two restaurants here.- The Chandelier Bar. It just looks really impressive and will be a great place to hang out.- It's a Marriott partner and part of it's Autograph Collection of independent hotels. If/when I stay here I'll rack up some Marriott points (Marriott is usually my hotel of choice when traveling).
4	Pink chandeliers, crystal embedded pillars, gold speckled sparkling floors,  and rope/crystal entwined gaming....some of what makes up The Cosmopolitan.  I'm sure at some point the reference will be "Cosmo."We happen to arrive in Vegas on grand opening day of the hotel/casino.  I have to mention, the engineer of the parking garage should be given an award for those parking "red" and "green" lights to know where the available spots are located.  I know there are several of those here in Los Angeles, but it seems like Vegas is behind on this technology.As soon as you walk in from valet, there are retro pink chandeliers with crystals  and continuing into the casino has somewhat a clubby vibe.  I'm not sure if the vibe was only because of the grand opening with several areas set up with DJs at the bars, lounge and in the middle of the casino.  I'm going to take a guess and say yes.  I don't see how this place could be like this all the time.  Let's face it everything is sparkly, new and fresh.  There are interactive screens to learn about the hotel/casino and digital screen pillars that change light bulb images on them in the check-in area.  They are definitely going for that tekkie and posh design.  It's a casino that they can drop onto Sunset Blvd. and it would fit in quite nicely.As we stood in line for our Identity cards aka players card, we were told that this place originally was only going to be condos (can you imagine how large the rooms must be?), but the property was going into foreclosure, so someone stepped in and included the casino.  I have to say the casino seemed a bit small to me.  Maybe because it wasn't intended to be a casino? I do like the openness of the bar (the one closest to the strip entrance) and crystals sparkling all around (yes, i love sparkly things). Oh and your Identity cards rack up points when you eat, shop and play and Cosmo - so use it to start earning free play and possibly discounted rooms.We played for an 1 1/2 here on the Cash Spin machines.  Almost won $5,000 (had that needle stayed on the $5k!)...that would have been nice to be a big winner on the first opening day.Let's see how this place does once the buzz slowly fades.  Personally, it's a small casino (unless I missed the rest of the casino - doubt it.), not as many machines or tables as the rest of the casinos on the strip.  I'd love to come here to be amongst the fixtures and relax at the bar if I can't get on any of the machines.
3	We did not stay at The Cosmopolitan but only visited for a while.  We went on opening day and the place was packed!  We thought the Lobby and Casino were tacky compared to Vdara and Aria.  What were the designers thinking?  This hotel is "over the top" and not in a good way.  Good luck!
4	Everything is hip and trendy. Young vibrant guest as we were walking through on the second day that they opened. The parking entrance to property is kind of awkward and cramped. BUT the parking garage is cool, they have electronics counters which tells you at every turns of how many available parking spaces, even the handicap space availability is listed. You can look to the ceiling and see if there is a green light above a space on any isles, it is available. :)) The interior is modern, European look and feel. Although it seems a little cramp and busy looking, we were very impress with, the sparkling chandelier that mimic curtains, as well as partitions, and also as an actual decorating chandelier encompassing the escalators that leads to different area of the casino, bars and restaurants area. Went to the buffet, way over staff and not enough people eating. But that is usually how it is in the beginning for most of these hotels. But also, being that it is a slow time for Vegas also. That was not a problem for us. THE FOOD- nothing was labeled yet, so we had to ask the chef for everything that we could not recognized. They have really good specialty salads, made with goat cheese or fresh mozzarella's. um mm. Also have a selections of sushi rolls, couple of noodles style. Various fish and or seafood dishes. But mainly it seems to be lots of chicken and lamb cooked in different ways. They also have middle eastern selections also with hummus and gyros also. And then the typical buffet stuff, cows, clams, and shrimps. And dessert off course. As we were leaving we were attracted to the sound of the music that was being played, we checked it out. It was right around the escalator area that was an open lounge. Booths full of people and 2 female dj, dress in winter white, spinning the tunes. Mostly dance/ techno music. Made me wanted to grab a booth and hanged out longer. Too bad had little ones waiting at home so we headed on out.
5	FANTASTIC! Cosmo is a visually stunning place! It is my favorite modern casino (one built since the Eighties). The employees (including the employees of the independently run restaurants) are VERY friendly! The SECRET Pizza restaurant is great! Different , fun specialty cocktails at every bar. The GoGo pods in the Bar near the Jockey club entrance are cool! I like the idea of indie bands playing for free in the lounges-too bad they usually start at 10pm-not good for me most nights.Note-if you live on the West side, enter over the Harmon bridge-you miss all the strip traffic. It makes access almost as convenient as a Locals casino! I would give this place 4.5 stars if I could. Some minor wrinkles.
4	The parking is so dope here just look for a green light above. Once you occupy a parking spot the light turns red. If your in B2 parking area heading to the elevator just remember the Obey mural not only that but the elevator are nice with the digital fish tank inside. I've passed by the hotel registration area and you'll see the lighting is really dim but you'll see digital light bulbs flashing.A nice chill spots bar along the way to catch any football games on sundays. 4 levels of viewing around this casino each floor is artistic and ofcourse your expensive shops only good to look at. The Marquee is located on the 17th floor.
4	The new girl in class always looks good at first but this girl may actually make it all the way to the prom before the make-up wears off. Its retro Vegas and modern all in one swoop. They clearly are attempting to differentiate from the other money extraction facilities. The dealers and servers go out of the way to strike up a conversation and they seem to be well trained. OK, here is the big Bonus. They swarm with the free drinks and top shelf liquor is included. Think Sapphire and tonic at a $15 blackjack table - and yes she comes back early and often.
4	My wife and I had reservations for opening night.  Everything was top notch.  We were greeted at the valet a couple hours before actual check-in time, and they took our luggage to the bell desk.  We were greeted at the door by one of the staff and escorted to the lobby.  When we learned that check-in was going to be an hour or two still, we were giving a personal tour of the casino by another staffmember.  Very personable.      One thing that stands out is how friendly EVERY person was.  Not only friendly, but each person would look you in the eye as they spoke to you.       Our room was going to take longer than expected to be ready ( they were having touble with the computer system, which is why I did'nt  give a 5 star rating), so we were hungry and the only place serving food was The Henry cafe.  We each had very tasty sandwichs and cosmopolitans (you stay at the Cosmopolitan, you have a cosmopolitan, right?) and when we were ready to pay, we were told it was on the house.  Nice.       We got to the room, and it was very nice.  Since it was going to be condos originally, the room had microwave, sink, fridge, even a dishwasher.  The rooms at the Palazzo and Wynn are a little larger, but these are very comfortable, with a seperate living room area, bedroom and bathroom.  And as for the bathroom, twin sinks, decent counter space, and HUGE shower/tub.  While in either the tub( which was a deep square design) or the shower, you have a great view outside.      Each room also has a terrace which was great to sit outside and look at the traffic down below.  Very relaxing.      We went to the opening night tasting on the 2nd & 3rd floor, which was cool.  Then went and played.  We each won a couple hundred on video poker then lost it at blackjack.  Not sure if it was just for opening night, but were lucky to find a $25 table.  We are used to $10 tables, so not sure if we will play much bj here in the future.     All in all, very nice evening.      PS  We also were at the opening at Aria last year, and this was SOOOO much better.  Aria was a cattle stampede at opening time, and the room was dirty from construction, TV didn't work, lighting system was screwed up, tiny room.
5	I was fortunate enough to be at the Cosmo on opening night while on vacation. I was unfortunate to have lost my wallet on that night. Although it was an unbelievably packed night, security guard Robert Garcia did his best to help me find it. I will definitely come back and will urge my boyfriend to stay here next time
4	This is totally the hot place - glitzy and modern. People call it 7 stars. It's a pretty place and you feel really relevant when you're there. It will be even better if/when the hype dies down.
3	i can't really say much about The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas, as our friends and I only went through it.  first impressions are everything.  my first impression was good.  but you know something yelp?  i didn't get wowed as i expected to get wowed.  the decor seemed the same as all the other new hotels that spring up in vegas these days.  i expected more uniqueness, but instead, i got more of the same.  don't get me wrong, i loved the atmosphere, i perhaps need to visit this place again in order for The Cosmopolitan for me to change my mind.  additionally, there was a robbery going on the night we came where the thief ran away with some chips and security flew pass by me as the thief dropped his chips.  of course, i returned the chips.Specialty: ModernismRecommendations for first timers: Look upService: ?/10 Variety: ?/10, Parking: ?/10 marc out.
4	TELL ME ABOUT IT!? or shall I tell you...This luxury Resort Casino and Hotel, located just south of Bellagio has plenty of jaw-dropping, eye-catching, word-by-mouth reactions to all locals & tourists of the world...One thing, that was to my amazement was the parking garage, where each parking was designed to have light fixtures above each parking spot that allows you to see if a parking is available (green: open / red: taken)ahhh...What a clever idea!!!!!I like to think of this place as a museum and just enjoy the interior designed work and the overall architecture construction of the casino.  There is a handful of artwork and sculptures in the lobbies and not to mention the plenty of lounge seatings around the area.  Great backgrounds for pictures and it's the perfect place to head out to after filling your stomach with food.I do have to try out the new night club "Marquee" on the 17th floor.
5	The Cosmopolitan takes a large, diamond encrusted dump on every freakin' hotel on the Strip. I'm sorry Aria and Encore. You're still my loves but I think I'm about to end our relationship for someone wayyy hotter and sexier.I can't believe I'm making this sound like a break up right now.
5	This place is so amazing!! Definately will come back here! We spent the night here at a the Terrace one bedroom plus. I can't even describe how amazing it was. Very spacious with the japanese bathtub, view of the strip (that you could see while your in the bathtub as well) , huge balcony, nice design, and great service! The self parking here was so easy! before you enter the garage it would tell you how many are vacant, total of how many cars in each level, and the most AMAZING PART on top of each parking space there would be a red light on the roof right above it. If it is red its occupied, if its green its an open parking space. Makes my life so easy wow! No more driving all over the place to find a good parking. My only issue with the place I stayed that was that it was so hot, good thing its winter but the spacious room, comfortable beds, and everything that comes with it makes up for it.
3	This place left me feeling confused. It's so beautiful and shiny, but so beautiful and shiny that it made me feel dirty and cheap. It's rather the opposite feeling when I walk into an old-style Vegas casino- one that's smokey and run down so that I feel like I look amazing. In any case, this is a great escape for anyone looking to fill up on eye candy. There are so many wonderful, stunning features, to feast your eyes on, from the columns at the front desk, to the many chandeliers adorning the ceiling, to the tiny details making the elevator entrance look nicer than people's homes. It didn't strike me as great for gambling, unless you're a high roller and throw money at dealers and machines, which I am not. BUT, it's totally a place to shop, dine, and party. The entrance to the club there, Marquee, leads you to elevators that take you up to the fourth floor, where I'm sure the opulence continues. Big plus for the Identity club, which gives points for any activity in the resort, not just gaming.
5	This is a review of the casino and public spaces. I have not yet stayed at this property. Casino: The casino is beautiful. I think its kind of like a blend between Encore and Aria. It is well lit with red chandeliers like the former, with a modern and striking design language like the latter. There are also private gaming cabanas that you don't need to be a high roller to enjoy. All the dealers I encountered were also very fun to talk to and made losing money fun. Cocktail service was stellar. Quick, attentive, and very courteous. Bars: There are many wonderful bar options lining the casino, and each has their own individual signature drink. My particular favorites are the Chandelier Bar (the main attraction at this hotel), and Bond (lots of LEDs and color changing screens with a strip view.) Tons of seating, and they wont even pester you if you just want to sit and chill and not buy a drink. Everyone should try the hotel's signature drink: The White Cosmopolitan. Very tasty. Common Areas: Scattered throughout the property are various sitting areas with pool tables and other recreational games. They provide a very nice place to just sit, and relax or people watch. Best of all, they are free to use. Great Idea! Identity Players Club: The players club rewards you for EVERYTHING you do at the hotel. Staying 8 nights gets you 1 night free. Dining and shopping earn you points, in addition to gaming. Another great idea.
4	Wow, wow, wow. The Glitz ! The Glamor ! I got invited to go with one of my friends to go to one of their play dates because she is a Spa Host here. Let me tell you, free food, free drinks, and a preview of their Marquee club. It was nice seeing it before the public opening, because I hear it's busy now.Walking around the casino, it felt classy, the decor was beautiful. When I saw the glamorous chandelier, my mouth was open. The people at the Marquee club are funny, and the girls are pretty. Their music selection was quite nice. I must say I was having a mighty fine time because the bartender gave me an especially strong drink, well for me anyway. I love how open this place is, and the decor. Now I must try the other restaurants in this place :-] I hear Wicked Spoon Buffet is off the hook.
4	With pretty much every new hotel in LV essentially being a Bellagio/Venetian ripoff or a Palms/Hard Rock ripoff for the last 10 years, this place is a breath of fresh air. Clocks. In a casino. I thought I would never see the day. It's high-end, without being snobby, pretentious or intimidating. Upscale, but generally inclusive. THIS is the type of place The Strip needs, a place that feels like it's for everyone. The exterior gives you a very good, but not entirely obvious hint of what you would be getting yourself into once inside. The interior is a sight to behold. Strangely enough, this place reminded me of the Stardust (R.I.P.) to a certain extent. It has the flash and glitz of old Vegas, and yet doesn't forfeit subtlety in the process. I really enjoyed browsing the small shopping arcade on the second floor. Thank god they didn't just follow the almost hilariously recycled Gucci and Louis Vuitton format every other new place has used. My favorite store was Crossover, it's not a very expensive store either. I also loved all the artwork and statues all throughout the casino. I hope this place serves as a sign to all of these entrepreneurs and corporate executives desperately trying to copycat the elegance and sophistication of another place. How about trying something new? It will be interesting to see The Strip 20-30 years from now. I'm going to assume that this place retains it's relevancy and becomes a classic whereas the soulless cesspools known as the Wynn and Aria are considered "old and outdated" and put up for implosion. I would love to see that.
4	Went to the Cosmopolitan over the weekend and was very impressed.  Being the newest casino on the strip amazing and beautiful is expected.  What impressed me the most was how friendly everyone was.  The cocktail waitresses were always around to check on you and even chit chat.  The dealers introduce themselves when you sit down and even ask your name.The steak and eggs at Henry's was only ok for the price.  Overall a great place to play.  I hope everyone stays as friendly.
5	If the Wynn had a menage a trois with the Hard Rock and Planet Hollywood...Cosmopolitan would be the love child.  They've crammed so much stuff into the place and all of it totally works.  Can't wait until the weather gets warmer to take advantage of the balconies and pool area. Stores are really cool and I look forward to eating at the rest of the places here.  We went for xmas eve and did Comme Ca and Bond for drinks after.  Really fun night and we'll have many more I'm sure.  The future of Vegas is all right here!!And who reviews the self parking garage??  The little light on top of each space letting you know if it's occupied (red light) or open (green) is the best thing ever!  I was driving around Caesars Palace wondering why all casinos don't add it.
5	Chandelier bar...awesome drinks great service..bartender was very knowledgeable.  China Pablona...Chef Andres is a nut of another kind...great food combos!!!
5	Two words:  Great PeopleI spend a lot of time in Vegas, and the one common thing that brings me back to places ranging from Bally's to Encore to Golden Gate is genuine service from people who are talented and truly care.  Cosmopolitan combines all the best of modern, fancy, techy Vegas with the old school feel and personal service of the pre-corporate era.Only one place in Vegas has ever given me $25 3/2 double deck blackjack, competitive video poker odds, a balcony overlooking Bellagio fountains, a great Filet Mignon, central location, awesome buffet, hip vibe, fantastic cocktail service from hot chicks, friendly dealers and pit bosses, easy access to the strip, easy to earn and use comps AND a host actually emails me back the same day!Cosmopolitan.Trip report with pics from Cosmo and Wrap Around Terrace Suite:http://www.vegasmessageboard.com/forums/showthread.php?t=60467&page=15
5	LOVED it!  Well, at least my eyes did..  The drinks were reasonably priced and, unlike the Mandarin Oriental, they had their own parking garage!
5	An amazing hotel with incredibly friendly staff. This is the new hot spot on the strip---just opened last week and once again rises the bar for Vegas luxury and excess.At the center of the hotel is the Chandelier bar---it takes up a good 3 floors and has probably a dozen or so bars---you literally have drinks inside a massive Chandelier. Food selection is great too...be sure to check out Blue Ribbon Sushi;)The rooms are massive---try to get upgraded to a corner terrace room if possible. I had a ginormous balcony overlooking the entire strip---most Vegas hotel rooms don't even have operable windows (suicide rate is high in sin city), yet here I was with terrace on the 58th floor of the East Tower overlooking the strip. My terrace had 3 couches---that should give you a sense of it's size!You know life is good when you look down on Planet Hollywood and Paris. The room was very well kitted out, tons of interesting art work and art books. I even had a full bar with 4 designer Martini glasses. I think the Cosmopolitan originally was going the condo route--my suite had a full-kitchen (the mini bar is in a normal sized fridge) and an in-suite laundry room complete with a washer and dryer. Super comfortable bed and a bathroom that is larger than most standard hotel rooms.The service was fantastic. I will definitely be back!
4	Okay,Read all of the reviews so went down to the new cosmopolitan hotel and casino. Here are my impressions for what they are worth.The building and interior are very nice. I had drinks at the chandelier and at bond. Both nice venues with great atmosphere and beautiful settings. The Chandelier is one massive chandelier that goes up 3 levels...nice booths to chill at. Bond is cool in that you can look out onto the strip in really nice booths. Bond has an amazing light show or sorts over the bar I am sure you will see pics featured on here. The only thing I did not like at bond is when I ordered Russian standard vodka over  rocks and they sub it for some swill like stoli and then tell me its russian standard  that ain't cool.(come on guys)The bad. Hookers working the bars(come on please), security removing three strange looking guys at the chandelier bar. No real place to purchase cigars. Friggin tourists walking through with baby strollers taking pictures as if they are at the zoo.Oh and valet parking here is amazing: computerized and the folks are friendly...that was nice.I do like the place I hope they can just clean up the ruff edges
5	Hey Aria, this is what you should have been.Based on my walkthrough...The Chandelier Bar is a stunner-- you're hanging out inside a chandelier that's three levels high. Nice.Unlike the overly dark Aria, Cosmo has a lovely glow about it. It's filled with modern architecture that's interesting and fresh. The Identity rewards program is brilliant. I'm not much of a gamer (craps is my one go-to game, if the table feels hot), but Cosmo's system allows you to earn points through dining and shopping too. And since I'm quite the food monster, that works out quite nicely. :)We were at the Venetian (which still has a special place in my heart), but I can't wait to stay here and check out Marquee (Is a "dayclub" what I think it is? lol).
4	The Cosmopolitan- what a beaut you are!Visited The Cosmopolitan yesterday and have to say that it is gorgeous!It is decorated very modern with a beautiful chandelier in the middle of the hotel that also is a bar, called The Chandelier.  The Chandelier is 3 levels of bar with some great seating areas.We had a drink in there.  They were out of red wine and a few of their drinks (due to the holiday) but they said they make a great Cosmopolitan! (i sure hope so!!)  We had a couple glasses of white wine and people watched.The restaurants are on the 3rd floor and do not open until 5pm-5:30pm for dinner. (they are open for lunch) But there is array of foods that will make anyone happy.There are areas with games: pool table, fooseball, etc. for kids and adults alike, which is FREE!  There is a walkway from The Cosmopolitan to City Center on the 2nd floor.  Which makes it a breeze to get back and forth.On the 4th floor is the pool, which is beautiful.  There are cabanas that overlook the strip and what looks like very comfy chairs in the water of the pool.  There is a restaurant/grille near the pool.Overall, I was very impressed with The Cosmopolitan.  I noticed that from valet to restaurants to the bar to the pool attendants, everyone was extremely nice and helpful.I will DEFINITELY be going back soon!
4	Most everyone else has said a lot about the decor, which is great, so I am not going there. I was super impressed by the music selection in the casino yesterday. There was really amazing indie music that made my losing money even more enjoyable. When I left, there was a song by Architecture in Helsinki and it made me happy.The other part of this review is for The Henry (which is not yet on Yelp) and other food options. In walking around to all of the restaurants there were not places with good vegan options. I was able to have a small salad at The Henry, which was very good but I left hungry. I would love for more restaurants here to have better vegetarian and vegan options, they are few and far between as it is.
4	The staff here is one of the friendliest I've encountered in Las Vegas. The cocktail waitress introduced herself to me and even remembered my name each time i went there even on different days and every time I said bye to her she would give me a hug. The other staff members there were also friendly and helpful always smiling. I would go back here each time I make my way to Las Vegas.
5	The Better Half and I visited this place for the 1st time last week.  I am a huge fan!  Here's why:- Easy access off of Harmon Ave, which is off the Strip.- The property has two entrances on the Strip.  You can sit at a bar or slot machine and have an awesome view of the street level of the Strip.  I bet this will be a great spot on NYE!- I love the design and decor of the property (see pics).  Chandeliers, various designs in different areas of the casino floor are very impressive.  The artwork here is great too and all over the place.....you have to see it for yourself!- Jason the Jeweler (designer of the Lakers' 2010 Championship Ring) has a store here.- Although we didn't eat here, the food options look great.  We want to come back and try Holsteins & STK.- The employees are very friendly and have a great attitude.  I know they just opened and you should expect that, but believe me it's hard to find that attitude here in Vegas.- Parking was easy.  The self-parking garage is underground and has the meters that show you how many spaces are available on each level, bonus.- The bars & lounges here are very cool.  We had drinks at Bond and the Chandelier Lounge.  Both places were comfortable and provided great people watching seats.Overall, we enjoyed the place and have a bunch of places we want to come back and try out.  I hope they make it in this economy.Will I return?  Are you crazy?  Of course I will!
3	With all the hype, The Cosmopolitan just feels like yet another "really really really nice" hotel on the strip. I guess it just takes a hell of a lot to impress me these days. I am certainly impressed by The Chandelier bar. And don't get me wrong. The Cosmopolitan is "really really really nice."OK let me be specific. Outside of The Chandelier, I like the 3rd floor game area. I never would have expected that in an upscale strip hotel. They have a pool table and some board games that you can play. What? That's actually pretty awesome. You know what? If they threw in Settlers of Catan or any other European board game, I'd be crazy impressed and bump up that star rating to a 5. I'm easy like that. Then again, that vintage Monopoly box is pretty cool. It's like Sambalatte without the local charm.I also love the elevated walkway that you can take between Crystals and here. Now I wish all the hotels offered an elevated walkway between each other. Separate the cars from the people, keep the traffic flowing for both, and keep the pedestrians safe.Maybe I need more time to really explore what this place has to offer. For now, I like it, but not enough to be a fan.
4	The decor is super sexy hot. But the slots took all my cash. Loosen those babies up if you want that extra star.This place is still so shiny and new with nary a carpet stain in sight and the lady DJ was spinning some great tunes and she was extra hot too.
2	I was at the cosmo during this past weekend and of course it was real nice and new but once that wears off people will see that that comps will stop coming and that people can jump off the balcony. I think they have a uphill battle with all of the casinos that have sisters properties around the country. They better be extra nice on comps to get people back, This place cant compete with the Wynn, Sands, Palms or Mgm of the world. I am happy it is open and gave many people jobs which this city needs so I will support it but just does not have what a casino needs to make it over a long period of time
4	A very beautiful casino resort. I thought the design was amazing. The sparkle and shine from the newest resort on the strip was cool.One major drawback of the hotel was the escalator set-up in the restaurant/shopping levels. I noticed that there is only one escalator leading each way to every level. So if one escalator malfunctions, everyone must wait for an elevator. Since this happened to us, I can tell you that we became impatient and frustrated.Many reviewers made some comments about the Chandelier Room already. One thing I noticed about the Chandelier Room is that the crystals aren't actually crystals. I touched some of the crystals, which turned out to be plastic. It was somewhat of a let down. Oh well.Overall, this casino resort is worth a visit.
4	holy shit, this place is sooooo nice!! i love the decor, its all very sparkly and modern. lots and lots of chandeliers. any of the staff that we interacted with were very friendly. can't say much about the rooms because my friends and i just came in to check it out on nye. i would definitely love to come back and check out some of the restaurants and the new club here. =)
5	My mother and I have been trying to figure out my 21st birthday plans for quite a bit now and when we called the cosmopolitan, a lady named CJ helped us figure it all out!!! She helped us figure out which rooms to get and what restaurants I should celebrate at. She was so patient and helpful which is getting me really pumped for my stay at the Cosmo!!!!Thanks to CJ I got everything planned out. She really proved that Cosmopolitan has GREAT customer service!!! She went above and beyond to explain the different rooms along with their pricing. Her customer service skills and professionalism really puts Cosmopolitan above and beyond all the hotels on the strip( We have stayed at plenty hotels). I've never had such great reservation customer service before I am really looking forward to staying at the cosmopolitan.
4	Great hotel/casino designed for adults. While still working out a few kinks at the buffet (had to ask for spoons and computers went down for a time while we were in line) by far the best dining experience we had in Vegas. Features smaller portions that are just right for two to share, many items we hadn't tried (and we are total foodies) and was upscale. Server called us by name and was well worth the few extra dollars at dinner.
5	I came here to quickly glance. description: how about ravishing, even the clientele. Or simplistic elegance. Naked beauty. the infrastructure alone is magnificent. It's like someone took all the beauty of design to decorate the art. or is it the other way around? it's like the egyptians ran out of wrap linen and mummified the ceilings with millions of crystals. no matter what adjective is use, the list goes on for centuries. OH, I adore the different chandeliers. I feel a sense of my glory days when I'm walking around while indie rock and electronica is blasting through the hotel. All the lobbies are furnished with real cosmo style couches and love seats. its like an open lounge. artwork even in the parking lot. speaking of, this lot has green and lights above to figure which parking slot is available, instead of just driving all night looking for a spot. they have touch screens of the building maps. and LCD pillars in the main lobby. intrigued.i have yet to try to restaurants.
4	The Cosmo is better than average, but not the best. We were facing the strip with a side suite wrap around. Because the Cosmo was designed to be sold off as condo units, it definitely has the feel of being a condo. The fridge, the wine glasses, the stove, etc. It is definitely a bachelor's pad. Pimp room, small living room, and an amazing mini-bar.What I really hate about the Cosmo are the rugs. They're not attractive at all; what's worse are that they create an INSANE amount of static. If you walk around for 5 seconds and then touch the door knob, your finger shocks strongly.
2	Life isn't perfect. It takes time for a hotel (or any other business) to hit its stride and figure things out. But at what point do a few mistakes cross over into incompetence? Try as I might, I just can't think highly of The Cosmopolitan. The staff are uniformly delightful people and claim to be very concerned about customer service. And I do think the concern is there - just not the execution. Various things in the room were broken and took forever to get fixed. It was our last night in Vegas and we lost at least 4 hours waiting around for staff to come fix things, waiting for them to work out the bugs in the check-in process, and waiting for our waiter to bring the dishes he forgot. Brilliant - just how I wanted to spend my evening. Then the phones weren't working so we had no way of calling the concierge. The TV remotes didn't work properly either. The building is gorgeous and the amenities are excellent, but until things start to run smoothly, it's just not worth it.
4	Customer service, customer service, customer service! Please improve on your customer service.Cosmopolitan is a fancy and luxurious hotel to stay in. We were there for their nye celebration as well as the jayz/coldplay/kanyewest/beyonce concert. We were impressed by the facility. Chic hotel room with a terrace. Design is unique, which we definitely enjoyed. Spacious room with retro furniture and detailed finishing touches. Friendly, cute staff everywhere. Very quality mini bar selections. Love their Bigelow bathroom products. However, there're bounds to be couple of bumps and misses when they are new. I believe it is not because the staff is not concern, they just do not know what to do and where to go for assistance when things do not go as smoothly as their training had taught them. It takes some patience with the staff around this hotel. We enjoyed the chandelier bars, book/stage bars, the restaurants, especially STK, pizza place and the Wicked Spoon buffet. The art pieces around the hotel were spectacular and nice to look at. It actually looks bigger in the inside especially when you're walking on 2nd/3rd/4th floor. The change images at the lobby is amazing. The pools were amazing especially the Boulevard pool facing the strip. You should definitely check out the Sahra Spa and schedule a massage. You will be taken to a whole new relaxing experience at this spa. If you enjoy being around trendy, beautiful people, quality/detailed decor and fancy looking bars/rooms and at the same time have the patience for customer service, then you must at least come check out this hotel!
5	In a word. Fabulous. Oozing fabulousity here. Everything was modern, glittery, draping crystals and GLAM! I mean we couldn't get enough of this place! We spent about 3 hours just walking around and taking pictures! I LOVED the floating bar that had walls of crystals... and the chandelier bar, to die for!!I stayed at the Mirage on this visit because I didn't even know about this place! Still bitter about that. Next time, I will be here!
5	Gorgeous! Gorgeous! Gorgeous!I will be back!The place is dripping in Swavorski Crystals!I enjoyed touring the Chandelier and decided I must have a Cosmopolitan at the Cosmopolitan.  My bartender, Jeffrey Generelli, was up for the challenge when I said that his better be great because it's so rare for me to get a great Cosmo... he said the recipe took a long time to come up with... needless to say, I was not only not disappointed, but impressed with it!Fun things to see like the store window with 500+ old style sewing machines, etc...If you are in Vegas, stop by the Cosmopolitan.Some say it is overdone, but not for this gal :)
5	Shiny!Right now, I absolutely love it! Maybe it's because it's new and that makes it exciting. I'll be sure to update on my next trip! It seem that the girls in our group liked it a lot more than the guys. The decor of The Cosmopolitan has a feminine feel to it, with its Swarovski crystals. It just screams glamour. The boys seem to be more into Aria, which is a lot more modern.
5	What an amazing and decadent hotel!  Wandering the halls of the Cosmo is like walking through a lavish piece of modern art.  Sip champagne in the aptly named Chandelier bar, take a ride in glass elevator, and absorb the atmosphere awhile.
4	There is an amazing energy that radiates from The Cosmopolitan. I feel myself migrate towards it and wanting to bask in its beauty. This is young Las Vegas...simply put. This is the cool, hip, sleek style of the Rat Pack's Las Vegas but translated into the cool, hip, sleek style that is today's Las Vegas. We run this town. The decor is not cheesy, it is simple and fantastic at the same time. As you walk into the elevators from the garage to the main levels of the casino you're greeted with a flat screen and koi fishes. Then you get blown away by the chandeliers, as if you're inside one yourself. On the lower level of the casino, near the entrance off of Harmon you'll find large columns of art displayed on large screens (my guess lcd?) A 360 of screens on 8 or so columns. Just simply breathtaking and amazing. I think it is the most novel idea I've ever seen inside of a building. In passing, I thought they were just painted columns. But about an hour later, I come through the same foyer and bam a new piece of art is rotating on the screens. I'm blown away from the idea. The images are so crisp and clean, I want these in my home...hah.  I also love the acoustics in the casino. Music plays from a DJ booth by the bar. The bar serves their House Cosmopolitan, I thought, what a cheesy idea, drinking a Cosmo at the Cosmopolitan but my friend insisted. It was delicious. Pink with a berry or three in the middle. Tart and strong. Far more different from your ordinary Cosmo. Nothing girly about it at all *wink*. But I say definitely give it a try as cheesy as it sounds. This is definitely my favorite hotel and casino off the strip by far. I say go here...you would never think of coming here based on its architecture but I love it for its atmosphere and appeal for my senses.
5	Ok, I'm ripping off an idea from Eli G., an elite Yelper from L.A. So bear with me.  I've embedded links to my pictures in the review in hopes of writing a better review.  Hopefully it doesn't turn out to be annoying.  If so, I apologize.I really dig the Cosmopolitan!  First off, free wi-fi!  I don't know if it was intentional, but I was able to get free wi-fi anywhere on the property except the conference areas (near the buffet).  It's like a really big, fancy coffeehouse that has gambling and alcohol!Also, I really like the art-o-matic machines.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5LNZ67Yw9RD6nf4_UhXOjw?select=A-WVio3dtFfMLK_vAi_o4w  There are supposed to be six on the property.  Two are next to Monogram (just next to Holsteins) and another two are just outside the buffet.  I'll have to hunt down the final two. Each machine has different art for sale inside for only 5 dollars.  If you are looking for practicality, one of the machines had fan pulls for ceiling fans.  I went completely impractical and got a bearded bunny, which is essentially a block of wood with a bearded bunny painted on it.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5LNZ67Yw9RD6nf4_UhXOjw?select=4eKNtvWYCBty3LyMOLLy7w  But it's so awesome!  I'll be hitting up these machines every time I visit.  The machines only take cash and will only take $1 or $5 bills so be prepared. The public art scattered throughout the place is pretty awesome as well.  If you can bear to be away from the free wi-fi for a while, check out the art in the conference area.  Really cool, big high heel shoes(http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5LNZ67Yw9RD6nf4_UhXOjw?select=T0D70Wvlsj3pmh1pOdtU_Q), stonehenge-like dogs (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5LNZ67Yw9RD6nf4_UhXOjw?select=wXqlz0vFleLXG2hMlm30tQ), and other great things.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5LNZ67Yw9RD6nf4_UhXOjw?select=jHMhCaID94iPaHyv0KGwyAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5LNZ67Yw9RD6nf4_UhXOjw?select=TGET-8tO0cKf5-BEXSvFTQ  Sooo many restaurants, it's overwhelming.  I'm a little concerned that any property can support this many restaurants.  Nothing that I would consider a high-end, special occasion restaurant but everything looks good.  It's gonna take three foodie crawls to make it through them all.I'm happy this property came to town and looking forward to visiting it whenever I can tolerate going on to the Strip.
4	COOOOSSSMMMMOOOO!!Nails done, hair done, everythaaaang did!!Brand spankin new hotel that just opened up last month. We were here for NYE and wanted a glimpse of the new stylish hotel. The moment you walk in the first thing to say is "WOW"There's soo much going on! Tons of gems hanging and a bunch of the tables are surrounded by beads? I don't know it just looks freakin' awesome. Even the elevators are dope! it's clear! :]If you have time, definitely come stop by and take a look.
4	It's definitely a nice hotel, impressive in many ways.  The rooms are nice, brand new, and... they have a balcony - unbelievable for Vegas.  I travel a lot, and I am pretty spoiled when it comes to hotel so the rooms are nice but I am not as impressed as some other reviews.Now the cons... the service is not all that great. Small details that irritated me.  I left my laundry bag on the bed like I would do anywhere else, but the room service didn't pick it up.  I tried to call the room service and the bell desk 3 times at 11pm and waited for over 3 minutes each time... no answer.  That's pretty bad for this type of hotel. The shampoo and conditioner bottle were not replaced, not even thrown away. Only one bottle of water in the room, but 20 bottles of booze.  As I said, little details that add up.
4	I attended the grand opening on December 15th and although there were tons of protesters and news channels lined up front, it didn't deter us from getting a glimpse of the Cosmo. Like many others have mentioned, this hotel is very classy and sexy. It did a great job of differentiating itself from all the other hotels on the strip. The hotel itself caters to a younger crowd and reminds me of the LA/New York scene which I love. They are also the only hotel on the strip to have balconies in the rooms which offer guests magnificent views! The marketing department is also great and also reminds me of Hollywood because they are doing a great job in regards to their P.R. On the 15th they had Brandon Flowers of the Killers fame perform a private performance in the pool area. But, nothing can top NYE at the Cosmopolitan. I was one of the lucky guests that was able to enjoy the private Coldplay/Jay-Z concert that they threw in the hotel to ring in the New Year. This was an invite only event and tons of celebrities were in attendance. Not only that, but there were also impromptu performances by Beyonce and Kanye West!! Rihanna also showed up to the VIP room inside Marquee later on in the night (the newest nightclub in Vegas located inside the Cosmopolitan) and performed "What's My Name." Overall, the Cosmopolitan is a beautiful hotel that sure knows how to a party! If you want a different experience from the usual hotels on the Strip then make sure to stay here. Don't let its location next to the City Center throw you off, just view it as the Cosmo accomplished what the City Center and Aria were trying so hard to do but failed miserably at. Thank you Cosmopolitan/Marquee for the best New Year's Eve/Day ever!!!
5	I have found my home away from home when I'm in Vegas. Everything about this place fits my personality like a glove.....except for the damn ugly/creepy wall paper in the closet. This was my first time staying there and I'm sad to say goodbye to the Venetian/Palazzo. I can go on and on about this and that but it's best for you to try it out when you're in Vegas.
5	Was staying at the Planet Hollywood Towers and the Cosmopolitan is located right across the street.    Went to check it out and fell in love!   What a great feel....retro, classy, sexy, hip, happening, contemporary, luxurious, artsy, energetic vibe!      Ate at the Overlook Grill (check out my review of this restaurant) and did some gambling.  I was determined to win the Tesla car at the slot machines...unfortunately, I didn't!      Check out the life-size jacks located near the pool table at the open area of the 4th floor.  Brought back memories of playing jacks as a kid.   (you know the game where you scatter the jacks and take turn to bounce the ball off the ground, then pick up jacks, and then catch the ball before it bounces for a second time).     When it was time to leave, we didn't feel like walking back to our hotel (too cold outside) so we went to get a taxi.   Check out the life-size retro lamp heater lamps with the pleated shades.    Again...brought back memories to my Mom's old living room lamps.I left the casino with "Do you know the way to San Jose" in my head....great selection of 60's and 70's classics.What 60's brain-child came up with the details for this casino?  Love it!
4	I think that The Cosmoplitan will succeed where City Center kind of flopped because it actually brings something different to the strip.  I am no fan of casinos, and it takes a lot to get me to go to the strip in general.... but when I heard that Cosmo had brought in Best Coast (awesome indie surf rock band, of whom I am a big fan) to play FREE shows, I was sold.  The band had a 4-day stint, playing two shows a night.  And they drew in a crowd rarely seen outside The Beat or Beauty Bar, aka hipsters.  Brilliant! This is what I mean.  Cosmo is looking at new ways to bring in and entertain a different clientele.  Very smart, and I look forward to more indie bands playing there (which LV is sorely lacking in terms of entertainment options.)OK, so my night started out great thanks to Elnino F's quick tip on parking (garage is on Harmon right across LVB when coming from the east).  LOVE the high tech garage with numbers of available spaces clearly posted for each level, and the red (full) and green (empty) lights above each parking space.  Damn that's clever.  But probably my favorite thing about Cosmo is the design.  Not the decor, which is gorgeous and all, but the floor plan.  The focus is vertical, not horizontal, so there's none of the labyrinthine feel and accompanying sense of hopelessness at ever being able to escape while walking through.  The casino is limited to one floor, with restaurants, lounges, and shops upstairs.  It's so easy to get around and find things.  Ok, so it's super pretty and cool too.  Sound and Stage is slated to bring in more indie bands (yay!); Chandelier is doing amazing things with mixology at prices that don't break the bank (~$12 for fancy specialty cocktails); and at the very least, China Poblano and Jaleo have lots of vegan options for eating.   This place has tons of potential!
2	A lot of potential, but certainly not there yet!We stayed 1/7-1/9/2011 and had so many problems with our room and staff! They are all little things, but when you add them all together in two short days, it makes me want to not come back.1. Checked in fine (though a room wasn't ready yet because we checked in around 1pm and we wanted a higher floor), given key cards and told that they'd call when room was ready and the cards would auto activate for the new room. 2 hours later, we get a call - ok, just as they told us - but when we pile our luggage in the elevator, the cards weren't activated we couldn't go anywhere. So I had to check back in and they needed to reissue the cards!2. We get to our room and trash is in the trash cans! Housekeeping didn't clean the room in it's entirety and on top of that, the food on the minibar tray has moldy food on it for sale, and the minibar fridge wouldn't open! I called housekeeping, not one person picked up the phone in 15 minutes! Not even exaggerating! So then I call front desk and she says someone will be up to empty trash, replace the food, and unlock the fridge within 30 minutes. We leave and come back a hour and half later -- trash and moldy food is still there and fridge is still locked! I place another call and was told again another 30 minutes. Someone does come up to unlock the fridge but then tells me he can't because I paid with cash for the room, but I now need to call front desk (again) to have it unlocked by their computer! Though, they already charged a deposit for half the stay on my credit card and used that same credit card when I checked in! After another hour or so, no housekeeping still. I place another call -- the guy who answers tells me there are no notes in the system about me calling before! This point I am a bit frustrated. We go to dinner, come back (4 calls and 5 hours later), the trash is finally emptied -- but the moldy food is still there! And the fridge is still locked!3. I gave up on the fridge, since I wasn't going to get anything -- but it would have been a nice option to have. The next morning, I have to leave a note for housekeeping to replace the food -- again, because it would have been nice to have options or a snack. After brunch and half the day, we come back...the food has been removed (but not replaced!) and the room was cleaned but the extra blanket and pillow that was on the couch (a friend slept on the couch) was untouched, not even the pillows fluffed or the blanket refolded. And the water from melted ice was left in the ice bucket.4. The shower only got midly hot (more like very warm), but never in the hot range. And there was a clump of hair over the drain! This was before anyone actually used the shower. And no extra rolls of toilet paper.5. We played downstairs at the slots...have to say, the slots were pretty loose which was nice, but one slot machine we used broke down while playing -- it took 20 minutes for someone to come over to fix it. We asked several employees to get someone over and not one of them knew what to do or who to contact (and 2 of them worked for the Identity program, the casino rewards program).6. When we checked out Sunday, there were charges on the bill for mini-bar usage -- over $100 worth of charges! But remember, the mini-bar was locked the entire stay!!!! We waited over 30 minutes for the front desk staff to remove those charges, but he still couldn't figure out how to complete the bill total because the "system has some problems that they are still working on". He finally got those charges off and agreed to comp our room service we had used on one of the nights, but again didn't know how to do it. Back home now and I look at my account statement and there are 4 charges from the hotel, none of them correspond to a charge for room or room service or even the minibar expenses -- but they total over $109 more than what I should have paid. So now I'm waiting for those to fall off, and if they don't they'll hear from me again. We also overheard a manager talk to a housekeeper in front of our room when we were leaving to reclean a room because the guy whose room it was checked in, entered the room and it was still dirty.All in all, the hotel is nice, the rooms are great (bed and pillows are too flat though, not comfortable for me), has a balcony that is nice, but the customer service and staff are so disorganized and most of them lack the training or unable to give 5-star service. It's quite unfortunate. The hotel has potential, but I don't think it should have been opened yet until they were able to get all the kinks out of their computer system, housekeeping (I have had cleaner rooms in Stratosphere and Tropicana!), training, communication, etc. Unless they can provide me with an incentive, an apology that I cannot refuse, and assurance that they have made the necessary changes to staff and training, I think I will be sticking to the Wynn and Encore for stays to Vegas.
4	Oh you fancy, huh..So many beautiful details decorate the hotel. Art everywhere. And their color scheme is my favorite color. The most memorable and breathtaking element is the chandelier lounge. It truly is a must-see and it's a great place to hang out at before Marquee since there is a good amount of seating throughout &  you can actually hold conversations with your friends. My group & I did exactly that on NYE until Marquee was able to let people in again (they were at capacity for over an hour & weren't able to let anyone in until later). We had an amazing time.My friends had a room here and it was nice but personally, the Wynn properties are still my favorite. Still, Cosmo is no chopped liver by any means. There are lots of restaurants & little shops yet to be explored. Self parking system is up-to-date: number of spaces on levels display on an lcd screen & little lights above spaces shine in green to indicate a free spot.TIP: Write down your parking level & row location as soon as you leave your car. Trust me, you'll thank me later when you can actually find your car when you finally get ready to leave.
5	Let me start by saying I'm no stranger to Vegas...I've stayed at almost every hotel on the Strip.  I just left the Cosmopolitan which was an unbelievable experience.  This is by far my new favorite...I'll break it down to give you a better idea:1) Check In:  Honestly, this is probably the only thing that needs improvement.  I didn't arrive till around 10pm so there were few people checking in.  The problem is if there was, it would be very confusing as to where your supposed to stand.  Regardless, check in was smooth and gives you your first taste of the unbelievable technology this hotel has...by signing you in on an iPad.2) Room:  So super slick!  Comfy beds, huge bathroom, very cool decor.  The best part is the technology.  From lighting, temperature, reservations, etc..  It can all be done on your TV.  This really needs to be experienced to believe it.  If you have difficulty using an ATM, or avoid self-checkout registers, stay away from this hotel.3)  Restaurants:  I ate at Holsteins, Comme Ca, and Blue Ribbon Sushi.  I'll eventually write reviews for them all, but I can assure you they all get at least 4 stars.4) Casino Atmosphere:  There is a bar for every mood here and they spared no expense...from ultra LED lounges, to swank Chandelier laden bars...you've got your choice!I will be staying at Cosmopolitan for all future visits to Vegas!
4	Just Amazing! Unfortunately, I cannot give 5 stars as I did not stay there. However, everything else about the Cosmopolitan was 5 stars. They thought of everything anyone would want or need in a Vegas Hotel and Casino. The casino floor is Gorgeous. The Second Floor with shops and restaurants is gorgeous. The third floor with Lounges and restaurants is gorgeous and functional! The pool deck is gorgeous and amazing! Whoever designed the Cosmo deserves a gold star. Of course, it will be in all it's glory when it's warm out and the pool deck is fully functional, but in the mean time, you can still take advantage of the pool tables, ping pong, and sports watching lounge for free. They also had a conference and ball room area. The resort is very functional offering something for everyone. Both kids, adults, and in between can keep occupied there. I wanted to indulge in all they had to offer, but only got to gamble a bit and have some drinks in one of their bar lounges. Service was friendly and scantily dressed, but often slow as they had but one bar tender tasked with making many hand crafted cocktails that graced the menu. Be prepared to pay between $13 and $16 per mixed drink. I did peruse the whole place though and was totally impressed! We had a cab driver who stayed there the week they opened and said the room was phenomenal and the best room he's had in Vegas. I didn't doubt him. This will be a place to see and be seen for sure!
4	It's like walking into Bladerunner's opening scene. I highly recommend the 3rd floor pizza place for some fantastic drunk pizza and cheapER beers. I mainly hung out at the Book and Stage bar where Best Coast was the house lounge band playing(say what?!) but as far as drink options, I say the only accurate pricing that is at that bar is for high end/microbrewery beer. Everything else (cocktails/commercial beer) were overpriced. I got a 90- Minute Dogfish IPA and felt that for what I was getting, the price was accurate, but supposedly they were charging just as much for Corona's/PBR's. I'm definitly coming back but probably only on a weekday since weekends are pretty crowded there. This is the place to be in Vegas.
4	The Cosmopolitan: It's like the Aria and the Wynn had illegitimate offspring (consequence of a wild night of drunkenness in Vegas), dressed it in Christian Audigier and Ed Hardy, then bedazzled it, added ruffles and accentuated with a plethora of LED lights.It's stunning to look at. You could and should spend hours just walking around admiring the details. It's multiple levels of extreme architecure and interior design.We stayed here in the Wraparound Terrace Suite... I've never been in such a large and gorgeously-decorated room! The view from the comfy patio furniture was outstanding. I'd like to live here, please.I love all of the different-looking and differently-themed bars and lounges around the casino. You don't even have to go out to a club to have a good time if you spend your night at these! The Chandelier is the obvious highlight. I could sit there with a signature drink and enjoy the glimmer for hours!Of course, The Cosmopolitan hosts the most popular nightclub in Vegas at the moment, Marquee. (See my separate review for details: http://www.yelp.com/biz/marquee-nightclub-las-vegas#hrid:bL60s1IxbUnzWpO338EtxQ/src:self)They have a good variety of restaurants to enjoy, too. We chose Holstein's by recommendation from Natalia, a bartender at Le Central Bar in Paris. (See my separate review for details: coming soon!)We checked out the pool area on the top floor (actually multiple pool areas, including the pool area shared by Marquee) - I can't wait until summer to spend some time here! First of all, it's gorgeously designed. The lounge chairs look comfortable and inviting. There is a ton of stadium-style seating. There are lot of bars so no one goes thirsty. ;) When looking out, there is an amazing view of The Strip below.This new resort and casino on The Strip is amazing... Make sure to stop in or stay here and enjoy all it has to offer.
5	I have been to Las Vegas to many times to count and the most impressive thing I found on my last trip was The Cosmopolitan. It's absolutely the best place on the Strip right now.  The location, concept, design, decor, and ambiance are Spectacular!  Even the parking garage is cool.  I have never driven into a valet and/or parking garage and had my mouth drop open in Awe!  The Cosmo did that for me!  I continued to walk around in a cloud of disbelief that this hotel could offer everything Vegas stands for.Two things stand out about this property....1. It has a 3 story chandelier in the main lobby.  Over 3 million crystals hang from this breathtaking masterpiece.  Not to mention the spiral staircase that flows through the middle of the chandelier leading guests to one of the bars that sits within the chandelier!  I have never been in the middle of such a work of art.2. The rooms at The Cosmo have terraces.  This is unheard of on the Las Vegas Strip!  Take full advantage of cocktails on the patio overlooking this great city.  All the rooms are suites so I don't think you will be disappointed.  It's worth every penny and then some!I did tour the pools, work out facility and spa while I was there.  Unfortunately do to weather and time restrictions I was unable to use any of them but I plan on returning and taking full advantage of everything this property has to offer!FABULOUS!
5	I have not had a vacation in years. I planned to spend Christmas in Las Vegas in 2010 and it was one of the best trips ever! I did find one spot that brought the trip to a whole new level. The Chandelier Bar in The Cosmopolitan was beautiful! The design of sitting inside a chandelier was just the limit! Then introduce Kevin and Chris the two mixologists that created my our drinks that were the best I have ever had. (Been drinking for years)You have to try the Cosmopolitan made with white cranberry juice AMAZING!!! There is a list of drinks which I tried a few all were GREAT but kept my love affair with the Cosomoplitans! The level of quality of the drinks and service is why I am planning my next trip to Las Vegas and will be staying at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
4	This hotel was pretty awesome. Everything was beautiful and so chic. The casino, bars and restaurants were all done so well. They have a really nice and modern lobby and the staff was very accommodating and professional. The room was very spacious and beautiful. I had a nice studio suite with the strip view located in the East tower. It was more like a one bedroom though. Everything was fabulous and there was a nice balcony with lounge furniture. This is a new hotel and you can tell. they had a nice coffee maker but you had to pay for the coffee which I understand but they could afford to give you at least one cup of coffee. The toiletries were higher quality then most. Oh and because it is the new hotel to be at on the strip the hookers were out in force. it was almost comical. They were not trying to hide anything and they were even in the lobby and came up to one of my coworkers and offered her services. He said they were good sales people because they did not want to take No for an answer. So if you are looking for a good time and I mean it could be good time then the Cosmopolitan will be a great place to make that happen.
5	I live this hotel although i havnt personally stayed in their rooms YET! The vibe is great. Very stylish and chic! Great for young people! Im looking forward to staying here soon!
4	Cosmopolitan is the new "it" hotel on The Strip. It is too beautiful to look at. So who's the genius behind this hotel?i don't recall the last time being in a hotel with so much crystals and chandeliers dangling. Amazing. Makes me want to go gaga-Tarzan and swing through each string of crystal.Every little detail of this hotel is very modernized from the parking lot (yes, I said the parking lot with the red/green lights if space is occupied or not) to the furniture. Plus, it's the only hotel in Vegas where I can find a pool table. Even the buildings look like some upscale buildings in downtown NY!I didn't expect so much vividness, seeing that the commercial made it seem so formal and edgy, even with the old cougar dancing with a flame. But the shops section looked advanced with the bright lights, I just wonder how it'd look like should there be a blackout.
4	One of the newest additions to the City Center area of the Strip. It's not a huge casino by any means, but they have some pretty AWESOME places to visit inside.1st and foremost, the roof pool is amazing! I can only imagine this place in the summer. Views overlooking the Strip - like literally you're smack dab in the middle of it - and designed so trendily. Best part of this place.Also went to the Chandelier Bar here. It was aight. You basically step inside the thing and you get 3 levels of bar. Whatever. Nothing special. I'd rather go to the bar on the other side of the casino called Bond. Significantly cooler and you're able to walk around more freely. Lastly, some of the decor of this place looked like it was entrusted to the casino owner's teenage daughter. She just went f'ing crazy and furnished the place from those ear-piercing shops they have at the mall. Fluffy, girly shit everywhere. It will be cool for a few years, but then get incredibly tacky onward. Please hire a new interior decorator.
4	To sum this place up in one word, I'd have to say "Interesting."The decor is great. Very artsy and colorful. But some things are definitely out of place, and the designer definitely had some kind of foot fetish. I'll leave it at that.Note: I did not stay here. So I can't comment on the rooms or stay, but I did gamble and eat/drink here and that was a very positive experience. Their restaurants are definitely up there, and their bartenders were all super approachable. One even made me a champagne cocktail because he heard me say, "I 'm craving a champagne cocktail but I don't see any on the menu." That's awesome.My only complaint, the place is totally confusing to walk through. It has about 3 or 4 floors and they're all split in different directions and what not. Not really "user friendly" if that makes any sense. But apparently these were supposed to be condos before the decision was made to make the Cosmo so that explains it a bit.Definitely worth checking out.
5	Already my favorite hotel in Vegas and I'm local, I've never seen the rooms, and it's only been open for a month.Considering this is the last hotel/resort to open on the LV Strip for quite some time, I was hoping for the best. And I think it has arrived. Went to the opening week and was completely blown away by everything I saw. The 3 level chandlier/light fixture awestruck me. Especially when walking thru each level to each of it's bars on each floor. I know it's hard to imagine but, basically there's a bar INSIDE of it on each of the 3 floors.All the shops in the Cosmo are new to Vegas so, you know the stuff is one of a kind in this city.The vibe from the Cosmo is trendy, TRENDY, T R E N D Y. As RON C. said in it's first review: SO FANCY HUH.From the decor (giant pink chandeliers) to the Obey murals in the parking lot...trendy. They even have a lounge area with pool tables, board games. Like they want you to stay and hang out (other than gamble, of course).One of the most amazing things bout the Cosmo is the FREE mini concerts/sets they hold at Book and Stage. My friend and I got to see Mayer Hawthorne. It was soo much fun and he was nice enough to pose with fans after his set. Did I mention that it was for FREEEEZIESSS!!!!?!Another favorite thing is that the way the hotel was built. You go UP to see the restaurants/shops, as opposed to the other hotel/resorts where it's wide across. Because you go up, you can't really miss any shops/restaurants. You basically see everything.This is one hotel that I cannot wait to stay in. SO much so that friends and I are already waiting to reserve rooms for New Year's Eve. Yes, NYE! Like 11 months away lolol
4	Crazy gorgeous!  The Chandelier bar is breathtaking - a really classy place for some drinks and to hang out.Their "food court" is out of this world.  A collection of restaurants from North America all in one place.  A foodie's dream - Comme Ca (LA), Jaleo (DC), Blue Ribbon (NYC), Milos (Canada), STK (LA), and Scarpetta (LA) just to name a few.  A few retail stores (though Crystals is better).  A roof top pool and bar with a gorgeous view of the strip.A gorgeous resort all in all.  Truly a must see...
3	I was there for one week business conference.Bad air quality in the room, and unreliable plumbing....Looks like the building is still not yet complete.Of course, the TV and the light dimmer obviously did not work.
4	Absolutely gorgeous.Beautiful decor.  Contemporary, rich, multi-colored, vivid. Chandelier bar.  Serene and breathtaking pool.  Pool and ping pong tables.  Lots and lots of themed lounge seating.  Modern parking garage.  Red lights above stalls to signify taken and green lights for open stalls.  Another great addition to LV hotels. Fancy.
5	I didn't stay at this hotel but it's only been open for about a month.  I went there with friends on a Saturday and love the vibe and atmosphere.  The Chandelier Bar is nice and expands 3 floors.  We were there to to to Marquee, which is a club, but ended up not going because the line was too long.  I was there till 2:30 AM and the place is still jammin with loud music.  There is also a roof top pool above the Chandelier Bar.  It could be really crowded because it's a new place, but I love it.
5	Cosmopolitan is probably going to be the next big thing in Vegas. -Their nightclub, Marquee is amazing! And supposedly one of the largest in the US?-it's so fancy inside. it's perfect for the name "Cosmopolitan". It's classy but with sparkle...if that makes sense hehe. There are multiple lounges throughout the casino floor and they all look just beautiful. Even the blackjack tables make you feel classy! The mood is just great. And the gorgeous crystals hanging throughout the hotel are just lovely. If you go up the escalators, there are seating areas for you to just relax, as well as pool tables open to the public. Go up to the pool deck, and it gets better! The view is awesome, there are floating cushioned lounging chairs in the pool. There are secluded lounging chairs throughout the deck. There are pool tables, ping pong tables, all set up on the grassy area by the pool. There's multiple bars for people to just relax, or watch sports games, etc. I didn't get a chance to stay there---although I know it would be an awesome room, but I'm telling you--this hotel is the place to be!
5	simply said AMAZINGLY BEAUTIFUL.....
1	Really?  Are you kidding?  The kudos needs to go the marketing team and the ad agency who branded this hotel so successfully.  It's all flash and very little substance.  It's like whatever was on sale at some discount hotel supply store was thrown together into a very crowded hodge-podge of "design" and "art."  Brand it as edgy and "wrong," and you've got an identity that needs to deliver.Just touch the 3 story chandelier and you'll quickly realize it's all cheap plastic.  That says it all.  If you're looking for an edgier version of The Palms, you'll enjoy the show.John
4	Last week we were in Las Vegas and happened to stroll into this hotel/mall/pool hall that apparently only recently opened.  Immediately I felt the wow factor upon entering on the 2nd floor.  You know when something is new and you get that "This is the NEW VEGAS" feeling....that's what I felt like when we walked around the mall area, checked out some cool clothes at All Saints, and rode those glass circle elevators down to the casino.  I think this complex is designed vertically so you have to go up and down the floors to explore instead of wondering for miles horizontally like 99% of the other Strip hotels.  If I save up maybe I'll stay here this coming summer !!!  Oh yeah the giant chandelier was massive and fun to take pictures of.
4	What can I say? I'm obsessed with the place. As a born and raised local that's probably the highest compliment I can pay to a strip property. The only reason I gave it four stars is because as someone who is directionally challenged in a city I've spent my whole life driving around in, it's kind of a cluster to access. However, once you get in the garage, the set  up is nice and you always know where a spot is open thanks to the red light-green light system.I particularly like the sitting area on the 2nd or 3rd floor (can't remember) which is just a mash up of mismatched furniture that all somehow fits together. It's a cozy place to hang out and I wouldn't be above napping there after falling victim to food coma at one of their several unique restaurants. I got to get a small taste of all of them at the grand opening and they all had something great to offer (limitless wine served in industrial sized glasses helped too). Scarpetta and Comme Ca had spectacular views and for the few weeks that the weather's nice here, I'd definitely recommend some outdoor dining at Comme Ca.The best feature Cosmopolitan has to offer this city hands down is their entertainment. I don't know who their talent manager is but BRAVO. Free shows at their lounge the Book and Stage hosting bands and artists that otherwise wouldn't get to play here is enough in itself. Their ticketed shows can't be bought through Ticketmaster which means one thing: NO RIDICULOUS FEES. Cosmopolitan talent manager, if you are a man over the age of 30 I think we should get married. Because that's how much I love you.If anything, check out the Cosmopolitan for the ridiculousness that is the chandelier bar. I mean come on, it's a bar inside of a chandelier. Who doesn't want to see that.
4	Stopped by for a little staycation. The cosmopolitan is definitely one of my favorite hotels on the strip. Here's why...PROS:+ If the main lobby is busy, they'll open a second registration desk on the 4th floor to check-in. Total check-in time was about 15 minutes from the time I stepped foot in the main lobby to the time I had the keys in hand and headed up to my room.+ Balconies, balconies, balconies! Great views of the strip, especially if you're facing the Bellagio or Planet Hollywood. We got stuck facing Aria and it still wasn't a bad view.+ Free wifi+ No resort fee+ Standard room (terrace studio) is spacious and well designed+ Large, spacious shower+ Staff was very nice+ Plenty of parking+ Easy to get in and out of the casino from Harmon Ave+ Decent room rates w/ my Marriott hook up ($130 for a Sunday night)+ Heated pool on 14th floor by the spa+ Free lounge act at the Book and Stage (def. not your typical old school Vegas lounge)+ Good places to chill and drink and people watch -- Bond and ChandelierCONS:- Several random hairs in the tub and around the bathroom- Open bottle of wine in the fridge from previous guest- Decent water pressure from the shower, but not great4.5 Stars
4	Just got back from Vegas....took a visit here...the casino made every other casino look like wal mart....WOMEN will love it! Hot bars, bright lights, and very very clean! I also schooled my friend on slots and he hit $2100 here, not bad!
5	I was there for the Invitation-only opening festivities and it is so good.  Pretty, hip, sparkly.  I made it my home for the first few days of the New Year and I can't wait to go back. Here's my full review: http://bit.ly/dKvTuM.Favorite memories:Champagne upon check inThe fireworks showJay Z, Coldplay Concert and tons of celebsThe Marquee Red CarpetThe Cosmpolitans at the Chandelier Bar
2	So I have to say I was so excited to stay here after this place has been hyped up for quite a while. Unfortunately, our experience pretty much sucked, the worst I have ever had in vegas. We checked in around 4pm midweek and the computers were supposedly down according to the girl behind the desk. She did not know how to work the room key machine or the ipad at the front desk. Finally, the "manager" came over and figured out what she had been doing wrong right away. Seriously? It might be a good idea to teach your staff the basics on how to check people in.So we got to our room, I had paid for a one bedroom suite with the premium view. First problem.... we were on the bottom floor facing a building that was not the skyline described on their site. Second problem... the room was dirty, puke stains on the entrance tile, no toiletries, dirty glasses and hair in the bathroom. So we called the front desk and they told us to come down and change our room. They also tried to make us think this was the room we paid for... until we talked to the manager again who corrected his staff member. This has happened before at other hotels, and they immediately apologized and offered food or other comped amenities. Instead, these people tried to cover up their mistakes by making excuses.Ok... so we get in the room we paid for. Really nice view, awesome patio, comfy bed. The room decor was a little cheesy for a luxury hotel. If planet hollywood and mgm had a baby.. this would be it. I was expecting a posh and upscale decor for the rooms, not old vegas carpet and doors. They definitely cheaped out on the rooms for sure.Kudos to their valet service.They made it easy to get in and most importantly OUT!!
5	swanky.glittery.blingin'.sexy.love.
5	Opened less than a month ago.  They had me at hello and we were spoiled.  They upgraded our room to a wrap around terrace. (Just cause)  Large flat screen TV's though out our suite.  Tile, granite, windows, quiet and views.  We were on the 28th floor overlooking the Bellagio Fountains and the strip.  Big fat comfy chairs on our terrace, perfect for cigars and champagne.  Service throughout the hotel was very professional and quick.  Restaurants were all great.  Pool area?  Fantastic.  Private cabanas, beautifully decorated, great bar area, trees, sunshine, jacuzzi, had it all.  You could sit private or join the party, your choice.  Got a chance to visit the spa for a couples massage.  World class.
4	Every now and then I iron my clothes, brush my hair, and rock the high heels. But even when I do that, it's highly unlikely that you'll find me at Pure or Tryst or LAX or any other of the one word clubs on the strip. Here's where The Cosmopolitan comes in: I didn't stay here, but I can still get dressed up and feel like I'm being one of those girls, but I don't have to go to a club. They have two (maybe more, but at least two) really cool bars. You don't need table service. You don't need to have 80% ladies to get in. You don't have to pay a cover. They are just awesome bar/lounges.Vesper, near the entrance is cool, but The Chandelier Bar was the real stunner. It's all schmancy, but the cocktails are about $10-$12, which isn't absolutely horrible for a schmancy joint. The service could be better, but they've got some interesting cocktails and the decor is just - AMAZING.
4	I haven't stayed here but I did a pretty complete walk through and this hotel is really nice. It is a little more cramped then some might be used to compared to the bigger casinos. They did however fill in what they could with the space they had. The design work of the walls and even the ceilings and light covers all look like some time was put into their design. The huge Chandelier in the center of the place is beautiful.Being as it was cold, we were able to walk through the pool area without any problems. The pool is one of those horizon drop off pools where is just flow from each side without any noticeable ending. It was a cool touch to the pool. The chairs all around the pool are either located on the edges of it or overlooking the strip. Because the pool is on the third floor, it offers a unique pool experience that the other casinos can't.I wish I got to spend a little more time here exploring, but I did like what I have seen of it so far.
5	(This is an asian persons attempt at rapping, I'm sorry in advanced)*Throws a beat*Shit I feel like a balla right now...I should have a prostitute on my left arm right now...Where the prostitutes be at right now...?Oh shit, this place is fancy right now...  The prostitutes must be high class in disguise right now....  Scanning the room looking for hooks and tricks right now....I'm not quite sure why...but I thought it would be fun for right now...I don't really know what me and the prosties would do, maybe grab a coffee and discuss how they got into the biz maybe...who knows?  *pictures Julia Roberts in Pretty Woman*  Naw I ain't that lucky...This hotel is new, and with new things comes an exciting new smell.  Like buying a new jacket and wearing it out the store.  Or driving out of the car dealership in a brand spanking new Benz and sniffing the leather.  It's all about the small little things that matter.  And this hotel didn't miss one detail.  Everything was impeccable, down to the wallpaper, amenities, service, decor, rooms, staff.  No detail was left unworked.  Even the crystals in all the lights in the hallways made me smile as they twinkled.The bars and shops inside this hotel were beautiful, except everything was honking expensive so I didn't really buy anything except drinks.  The pools are beautiful, the spa offers deliciously decadent services and massages.  I have no idea if they have a gym because I didn't go looking for one because I'm on vacay!The room was like a mini apartment, careful for the mini bar though because if you move the bottles they'll try and charge you!  Make sure to check!The bed was super comfy, the tv that controlled everything in the room was really cool, the balcony view overlooking the strip was stunning.There are so many things to see and do in this hotel you don't even have to leave.  We barely left the hotel to do anything because its like a little city in here.  No need to venture out into the elements :)
5	UPDATE! Finally got a chance to spend more time in this hotel.It's Awesome!! Mad props to the interior designer!! Everything is so modern and hip. They even have a pool table & Foosball upstairs! I love all the colors, it's so vibrant! We tried to hit up Marquee Sat night and the guest list line was longer than general admission. Didn't feel like waiting so we left.Don't forget to hit up Pizzeria. It's a hidden gem in the Cosmo! NY style pizza. It's cheap and BOMB! If you reached the tunnel you went to the right spot!
3	I'll make this simple...Pros: BEAUTIFUL hotel. We stayed in the wrap around balcony suite in the east towers over looking the Bellagio water show. It was gorgeous. Extremely deep bathtub, great showers, COMFY bed situation, and the technology in the room (especially all that you can access just from the TV) was off the chain.Their pool area on the 4th floor was equally gorgeous. Cabanas were very relaxing.Room service breakfast was really good although, FYI, they injecting something in them pancakes because they were Jurassic!Valet service was VERY quick. We never had to wait to long for our car.CONS: Customer service fail! They've got a lot of work to do. We were told because of our VIP Gold card status, our drinks would be comped at the bars in the hotel. NONE of the bartenders new what the hell we were talking about. Every time we tried to do it a manager (who wasn't around) has to be called. It ended up being too much of a hassle each time so we just said forget it. We even went to the designated VIP lounge and they had not been informed. We ordered a roll away bed and some more towels at 1am, went to Drais after hour spot, came back to the room at 7am (we went hard) and no one had even been there. Called two more times and still no one brought anything. Wasn't until we called angry about it that we finally got a "oh the order wasn't entered correctly (all three times???) excuse.Another issue: As I said, we spent a lot of money at this hotel, one of their most expensive suites, poker tourney, VIP status. The problem is VIP means not a damn thing at this hotel. There are no perks! We decided to go to Marque, the club inside the hotel, because they had a hip hop room and we weren't about the house music. We had 3 girls and 4 guys. Everyone dressed lovely. We get there, flash the VIP cars ans the bouncer tells us the guy to girl ratio is too low. We need one more girl....I'm not even going to discuss this further. All I'm going to say is, I'm VIP in your hotel and I can't get in your club because I'm short one damn female???They've only been open about a month. They have a lot of work to do. They need to take better care of their VIP guests. If you're trying to do Vegas VIP...this ain't the place.We've stayed at other hotels VIP and I have to say Encore has been the best as far as perks/customer service goes.That is all.
5	Lovely.  The Chandelier, the Restaurant Collection, the Views.  Expensive, but would recommend.
4	**Sleek, upscale and reminiscent of the flashy places on Sunset Blvd in West Hollywood, The Cosmopolitan attracts a young crowd and feels much more distinct than the other nearby and new casino/hotel Aria***I did not stay at The Cosmopolitan hotel, but I did spend a little time in the hotel (including the rooms).  The Cosmopolitan is the new hotel that is adjacent to the CityCenter but not part of it (one of the towers, from the outside, looks similar to the Ritz Carlton at LA Live).Like Aria (located in the CityCenter), The Cosmopolitan is less themed than other Vegas hotels (like Bellagio, Venetian, Mirage, Paris, and so on).  So if you are not a fan of those themed places, you may like The Cosmopolitan.I can see how some people would find The Cosmopolitan a little boring when compared to some of the other Vegas casinos.  Luckily, The Cosmopolitan does have a few noticeable advantages over Aria and provides a much more unique experience.First, the decor is nicer.  Very upscale, sleek and contemporary.  The atmosphere throughout the hotel and the casino floor reminded me of some of the nice and trendy places you may find on Sunset Blvd in West Hollywood.  I felt there was a sense of style and point-of-view with The Cosmopolitan while Aria felt much more sterile.The Cosmopolitan (which was designed to bring in some residential business) also features bigger rooms with more apartment-like features such as kitchenettes.  All the rooms I went to had balconies, which were nice (haven't seen that on The Strip).  The balconies were also thoughtfully designed to prevent accidents.  Depending on which side of the building your room is located, you may get treated to a great view of Paris, Bellagio and the Bellagio Fountains.Finally, The Cosmopolitan was bringing in a lot of young people (at least right now).  That might be a plus or negative depending on your life stage.  Place was definitely crowded and hopping.Several of the restaurants at The Cosmopolitan have locations in L.A. (Scarpetta, Comme Ca and STK).  I think they also have some upscale shopping boutiques, but I did not check them out.The Cosmopolitan is a nice hotel and it is one I would consider staying at if the price was right.  The balcony is a nice touch and the rooms were also nice.  It also has a great location by being near other big casinos like Bellagio, Caesars Palace and MGM Grand.  And unlike Aria, it is much closer to The Strip.  If I wanted to try one of the newer hotels out (in the CityCenter or near it), I think The Cosmopolitan would be my first choice.I saw valet parking here.  I am not sure if they also have a parking structure for self-parking.
5	(This review is for the casino only) Extremly classy and understated, modern decor, lots of browns and creams in the color palatte.  It felt like it was a small intimate boutique hotel versus the huge mammoth casinos that seem endless.  Cosmopolitian gets 5 stars for it's service- I was inquiring of the location of the high limit slot machines and I was personally escorted there by security.  (I think I would have had the same service had I asked about the washroom).  On a seperate visit I was approached to sign up for their players card and the lady took my information, processed the cards and I did not have to move or wait in line.  Will certainly be back to stay as a guest!
5	Finally, something different from what I'm used to! I've been visiting Las Vegas since the 90's (the days when LV catered to children with wet 'n' wild water park, almost every casino had arcades and amusement parks) and I have lived here long enough to not wander the Strip unless friends or family are in town. The Cosmopolitan just may change that. DECOR: From the outside, she makes you wonder "What's in there?" and once you make your way to the parking/ Valet area, you're kind of distracted with all the details that the other casinos lack in the parking garage. Lights, crystals,... Not such a good idea for dumb drivers as we experienced... WATCH THE ROAD DUMMY. After speaking to one of the employees, the rumors are true, the valet parking area is like that of the one that you'd find if you google the word's "Volkswagen parking garage", robotic platforms and compact spaces. With a 4" clearance on the top, bottom and sides, oooweee, you better bet that those Valet employees are trained! The person I spoke to said that their Valet can accommodate up to 1,400+ cars, so to not turn any guest away. Holler. The self parking garage, as you can see from some of the photos, each floor painted with a different theme. We took our time looking for a parking spot because 1. we wanted to checkout the wall art, and 2. It was so damn busy since they just had their Grand Opening the day prior and people just did not know how to drive, le sigh. There's a huge chandelier that covers 3 or 4 floors of the center bar. Random areas of unique chairs, sofas and a pool table in the center of the third (?) floor. Restaurants and mall areas have many unique pieces of art, decor and things that you just have not ever been able to see at any other casino. GAMBLER'S POINT OF VIEW: I did not see a sports book. Weird... or just enjoyed a few too many cocktails and didn't notice, LOL. I am not much of a gambler, $20 and I am done, but I had to give this place a try. Towards the front of the casino, they have themed gambling areas. Dealers are dressed different from pit to pit (some burlesque type outfits, some, collared shirts) even the bars are decorated different from one another. Although you'll never see me wait hours on end to enter a nightclub, I'd like to check it out... Promoters, where you at?? I'd love to check out the rooms and pool, perhaps a summer staycation :)
5	The Oscars came early this year. With the arrivals of 3 V.I.P yelpers...(Anthony N, Stefany C, and myself.. Jessica A) We definitely had the red carpet rolling once we stepped in the most...Elegant, Sophisticated, Most Newest Luxurious Hotel on the Las Vegas Strip.Words cannot even describe the beauty that this commercial establishment represents. I felt Kashmir, I felt Gucci, I felt... like the world belonged to me (exactly almost what the word Cosmopolitan means)The hotel was absolutely stunning. Goodbye Sahara, New York New York, Caesar's Palace,  Flamingo, Rio, heck even Planet Hollywood or the Hilton. The next generation of hotels have arrived.   Once my friends arrived I literally mistakened the lobby for an airport.  The desks; the attendants (I mean front desk people); were all airport bound.  My favorite part of the whole hotel? Everything was almost touchscreen.  Billboards; side menus; maps of the area ( like a mall telling you "You Are Here" ) was touch screen. Think about a human sized iphone against the walls and all you have to do is swipe...:As Anthony N. stated; The Cosmopolitan originally was set to be a residential place, but they converted it into a hotel/casino. Rooms differ with space and price ranges. Note to self : Very Pricey.Our free room ended up to be : The King Terrace Bedroom.Room was gigantic. Heck I think it was bigger than my apartment.  Kitchen equipped; living room furnished, 2 LED touch screen tvs from LG; a computer desk room; a king sized bedroom with an amazing balcony sight over viewing Vegas; and last but not least.. a full sized bathroom equipped with a built in jacuzzi.The hotel has two towers : Eastside and Westside. Variety of elegant bars and outstanding pool areas (many to choose from and are equipped with games and screen tvs for your viewing pleasures)The nightclub is opened from Thursday-Sunday, you have many restaurants to dine in at, and of course shopping areas. Basically think of this.. as a fine 5 star walk-in mall. Cosmo offers the Sahara Spa, Gym, Bars, Pools, Lounges, Game Rooms, HIDDEN pizzeria for those late night outs ;) , Marquee Nightclub, Amazing Casino on 1st Floors, and eminent customer service. Their employees are there to help all your needs ;)Whether you're checking in or checking out just remember this because it clearly got stuck in my head :                                          You Fancy Huh?
4	This hotel is nice and has a lot of bars with sitting areas for lounging. The room is spacious and has a microwave and dishwasher. The shower and tub are huge. The food from room service is great, better than expected. Pool area is nice. I like the big screen TV's, pool tables, pingpong and Foosball. We didn't get to check out the club, Marquee as they're closed on Sundays. Boo! Service is not as good as I expected from such a nice hotel. I tried calling front desk two separate times and no one would pick up. I also had some issues checking in and out. I guess they are still working out the kinks as the hotel is brand spanking new. Overall a good hotel to stay in. Nice rooms and good location on the strip. They just need to improve on their front desk service.
5	During Christmas me and the family decided to come here and check out the latest and greatest thing in Vegas. Nice ambiance and architecture. While our Mom was playing slot machines, we decided to wait for her at what was called the Chandelier. All I could say was the drinks were delicious. Pricey but good.
5	AWESOME hotel. Wow, I wish I can stay there foever! Service was excellent, I haven't felt so special staying in a hotel for ages. Room was really nice with patio and small deck counch overlooking the strip. Room service was awesome, haven't had such good breakfast in bed. Egg benedict crab cake, omletts, shake...they were all awesome. Parking is easy too, they have free parking garage (though if you are staying on west building, you have to walk through the casino to get there, a little pain) Very sophisticated and elegant hotel!
5	The latest hotel to be added to the city center area... Beautiful... elegant... chic... When I first drove up to this hotel you are greeted w/ a sign that says Cosmopolitan... Love it!!! I started to park my car in valet but decided against it... Kinda glad I did... The parking garage has green and red lights at each parking spot - green to let you know that the spot is available and red to let you know that the spot is unavailable... there is also blue lights for handicap parking - they also have numbers to let you know which parking spots are available on each level... While walking to the elevator they have beautiful murals - check out this sight if you want to see them http://www.vegashotelnews.com/2010/12/cosmopolitan-parking-garage-artwork.html On the elevator they have motion pictures... Once in the hotel it is a little different they have pillars that show a different pictures - My favorite place in the hotel is the 3rd floor... they have an outdoor pool - they give the allusion of the chairs floating on the water - it is amazing - Visit this hotel and take in this experiences- its an amazing view from the 3rd floor - will be the spot for spring
5	Stayed here a few weeks ago.  This hotel, is probably now my favorite in Vegas.  It's set up so beautifully, and also has this feel of, The Wynn, or Bellagio, without the feeling of you are going to get arrested if you touch something.  The rooms are set up for the hungover person, convenience wise.  There are light switches that turn the whole unit off in every section of the room.  The food in the hotel is amazing, and all in all, just very, very smoooth, with three o's.
5	OK FIRST OFF SOME SERIOUS CLARIFICATION HERE... THE COSMOPOLITAN IS NOT PART OF CITICENTER I REPEAT **NOT**!!!Ok now thats all cleared up. The Cosmopolitan is probably one of the most unique hotels out as of right now. From the artsy and technologically advanced parking garage, to the wrap around balcony terraces or the 3 strip view pool experiences. This place will blow you away. It's like they took the tech and style and class and made up their VERY OWN new style of Las Vegas. All with personality from the walls to the people who work there.... which easily make the hotel the most unique out there. They are nice and real and good looking...not just looks like some other fancy spots on the Strip. The dining and shopping are just as unique. I'm not gonna spoil the rest but rest assured your not gonna be disappointed when you visit The Cosmopolitan.
5	finally FINALLY got to see the pool area...SOOOOO EFFING PRETTY!!!!!It overlooks the Strip with views of PH, Paris, Bellagio, etc.And the pool is heated!Unless I was just freezing my arse off outside that the water was warmer than the air...alas, I LOVE THIS HOTEL  MORE AND MORE every single time I'm in it *hugs*
5	definite 5 stars--I was there before they open it few days ;I went there expecting the usual;no way. this is one of the most unique casinos in vegas-no theme -but theme is amazing decorsarchitecture is not the grandest but I would say the elegant decors everywhere; we expected to be there like in and out.  I was there for hours with my friends.  great for photography. amazing decors all 5 floors. modern but some old world  feeling (cause of the beads)everywhere. and i loved their restaurant hunter" had best steak and egg ever ; the steak was pricy but me and my friends shared it ,waw best steak ever had; something about meat quality....off course this place is modern with a dash of hollywood west sunset and dash some bellagio glamour and then hand 2000000 beads everywhere;wanted to try the grand opening in the night club ;too long of lines next time when I am here.  expect to go there and not leave for hours;just try different floors and great for designers.
5	Review for building only:  I did not stay at the Cosmopolitan.  I made a walking tour of the casino, restaurant, and ballroom areas yesterday.  I was really impressed with the design and the ease of getting around.  For a property on such a narrow strip of land, it really seems gigantic when you start exploring the areas where you can sit and relax, enjoy some art, and maybe do some Yelp reviews to catch up.The restaurant area is very compact.  I was very impressed with almost everything I saw.  Now I have to go back and start trying some of the restaurants.I am so pleased that this new place finally opened and that it was designed with a lot of thought!
5	This place is so beautiful. I Love it. Would totally come back here to stay. I would love to have a bachelorette party here. This place is totally like Sex in the City. Very Cosmopolitan.
4	Wow.  Well done Cosmo!!  Great concept, planning and design!!  This place is a FEAST for the eyes!!!  Let me preface this review by saying that we did not stay here or eat here but only did the preliminary walk through to see if this is a place we want to frequent and bring others to.  Answer... a resounding YES!!  Beautiful elegance, friendly staff, seriously ingenious design and super cool vibe.  Loved it!!  THE POOL AREA ROCKS!!!!  Seriously well planned!!  Great views, amazing pools, ginormous Hot tub, pool tables, ping-pong tables, Foos-ball tables, big screen TV's a plenty.... great place to hang out and can see this being a MUY CALIENTE Place this summer for all the beautiful people!This is not the place to come on a budget but it appears to be worth every penny! Many places to lounge in high-back booths surrounded by beauty and elegance.  I am planning a stay here in April and will be taking friends here soon so I will update when I have a chance to try out the many wonders this new enchantment offers.  All in all, at the very least.... you owe it to yourselves to check this place out.  It IS all that and a bag o' chips.
5	My official favorite hotel in Vegas and would love to stay there one day. It's a nice spot to walk thru on Friday nights ..lots of people watchinG.
3	Pink lacquer chandeliers. A pool table. A floor dedicated to restaurants. A club called Marquee. Colored pencils & art books in the room. Glitter, crystal & all things sparkly in unlikely places (walls, light fixtures, etc.) Staying at the Cosmopolitan makes you feel like a princess. I don't throw this word around casually, but our room was PHAT; balcony with a comfy seating area, huge shower, deep soaking tub, flat screen TVs (yup, plural.) Loved it:-- pool on 4th floor was about 90 degrees. Pool on 14th floor was about 80 degrees. In January. At noon. I could have stayed there all day. Take a picture underneath the gigantic shower head & on the lounge chairs *in* the pool. -- chandelier bar: sip a cosmo at the cosmopolitan for $10 a pop. -- secret pizza joint: review to follow. Basically, I like anything with the word 'secret' in it. Unfortunately, customer service was the low point of our stay  They've only been open for 1.5 months, which might explain the hiccups, but here is a list of things that rained on my parade:-- we were told there was a pull-out bed in the room. There wasn't. Just a (fancy) couch. A more seasoned worker would have known exactly what type of room they were giving to a customer. -- hold time to get anyone on the phone was LONG. Anytime we called the front desk or housekeeping, we got an automated message telling us to hold for the 'next co-star.' This is not Hollywood, this is the hospitality industry. -- we called for extra towels & other essentials & it took hours to get it. Housekeeping did not replenish toiletries or replace the empty tissue box. The bottom line: the Cosmopolitan is glitzy & glamorous, no doubt, but god forbid you need anything sent to your room-- you'll have to call several times to get it. The Cosmopolitan is like a hot girl who's bad in bed. Gorgeous, you're glad you're in it, but you hope they'll learn some tips & tricks for next time.
5	Love it!  Hip, and happenin'!
3	The rooms here are great.  Spacious and if you're on the right side, you'll get a fantastic view of the strip and the Bellagio fountain.The hotel doesn't feel too large, which is a good thing.  The thing I did not like about it is that the 2nd and 3rd floors, where the shops and restaurants are located, are pretty much empty in between the West and East  towers.  The area is all conference rooms so it was empty.The hotel is definitely still working out its kinks, as I experienced problems at check-in and check-out.  It took a long time, and the workers also struggled with the concept that I was staying on my company's card for one night and on my personal card for the second.  There also aren't any clear lines for when it's busy, so you could be in line forever and people who arrived after you could check-in/out before you.The hotel's theme I guess is modern art and whatnot.  It's not exactly my thing so I didn't love it, but some people certainly really enjoyed the random statues of shoes in the hallway.The amenities provided in the hotel rooms are just ok and they didn't provide a new set of everything for the second day, which I thought was a bit weird.Again, the room is great, and the hotel is in a great location.  Lots of restaurants (casual and upscale) to choose from which is nice as well.  I think the cheapest table I saw for poker or blackjack was $25/hand.
5	This must be what it was like when Alice fell down the rabbit hole - it's like being transported into Wonderland where everything is beautiful and special. The parking garage has art on the walls and nice flooring by the elevadors. Every section tells you how many empty spaces (67 empty spaces here) and a red light over the end of parked cars, green for empty slots. As you as you pull in the light turns red. Elevadors have electronic art work - when I first got on I thought it was a real aquarium, then it changed.The casino - simply beautiful. And people were having fun here and winning. There's a 1 1/2 floor with a suspended bar overlooking the casino. Was going to have a drink here but none of the special drinks rang my bell so I moved on. There's a floor for restaurants and games with comfortable furniture. The third floor is the pool, and this just has to been seen to be believed. The pool alone will cause me to stay here on my next visit. And there's a bar here too! And more games. Private cabanas overlooking the strip. Spending an afternoon here would take me to my happy place.This place is magical. It's the future of LV, and makes everything else look shabby in its wake.
5	This is my new favorite spot in Vegas; this is the first Vegas hotel that truly doe not feel like Vegas. It has a such a great look to it and it is truly designed to explore. I really want to give a bad review so people will stay away and I can keep it all to myself. So, many secrets on every level though that I will leave for other to discover. But, for now it gets 5 stars and I really want to have a staycation here this summer.
5	By far greatest Vegas stay so I've had.  The Cosmopolitan hotel room was phenomenal.  Every amenity is added.  Our room had separate kitchen, living area and two full baths along with two-sided decks overlooking the Bellagio Fountain.A great thing about this hotel is it is vertical.  You dont have to walk miles to get from point a-b.  Just tap button on elevator.Pools are amazing!  Will definitely be back in spring.Food in all restaurants was good to great!
5	Hippest spot on the strip. H-lights: posh bars with live DJs, people watching, scantily clad eye candy, cheesy foreigner shooting Cristal and the guy with the DEEP Vee
3	We arrived a little before 2pm and tried to check-in at the front desk. The woman at the front desk was friendly and told us the room was not ready, which was fine since check-in time is technically 3pm. So we went to the buffet to eat first. (buffet is good)Came back to the front desk at 3:45pm, and different woman at the front desk told us our room was not ready. Now I'm concerned b/c check-in time is supposed to be 3pm. The woman told us check-in is between 3-5pm, which is crazy b/c no hotel does that, and that's not what it says on the website. B/c we were upset, she started getting attitude and told us the room was not ready (no explanation), that they would call us when it was ready and that there were other people waiting ahead of us for rooms. She said she had no idea when the room would be ready and was completely unconcerned that we would have to sit around the hotel and wait until god knows when for a room to be "ready."We sat around the hotel and waited until about 5:20pm, since we were told 5pm and were waiting for them to call. We were tired and tried to take naps on the couches near one of the lounges, since we had nothing else to do. Went back to the front desk around 6pm to check, b/c no one called us, and a different woman at the front desk told us our room was still not ready! She said the rooms just hadn't been cleaned yet. This one was more accommodating and understanding, so eventually she found us a room that was clean and it was an upgrade from the room we reserved. We were just grateful and giddy to finally be getting a room so we could put our things down. Especially since were only staying one night, and check-out is supposed to be 11am - I was worried we'd be sitting around all night waiting and then have to go to sleep and check out the whole rest of the trip!The room was beautiful, huge, w/ a fantastic view. Loved it, but we just didn't have any time or energy to really enjoy it. We got into the room around 6:30pm and put our stuff down. We were so tired from the ordeal that we didn't gamble or try a restaurant like we planned. We just stumbled out to find food real quick, walk around a bit, and went to sleep. Then we had to check out at 11a the next morning. Oh, and the 3/4 bathroom had not been cleaned - there was a sucked out lime in the sink and beverages on the counter. But we were fine with that; we just didn't use that bathroom.It's such a huge disappointment b/c I love everything about the atmosphere, decor, and location of the Cosmo, and I really thought it was going to be my favorite place in Vegas now (I come about once a month). Now I'm very cautious and reluctant to try going there again, and I'll caution everyone I know about staying there. I understand it's new and might need some time to adjust, but it's really unacceptable that people can't get into a room until 7pm. And we weren't the only ones waiting - the lobby was full of unhappy and angry people, some of whom had been waiting since 10 or 11am for a room and still didn't have one by 6:30p. When check-out is 11a and check-in is 3p, there's 4 hrs to clean rooms, and every reserved room should be clean and available by 3pm. It was a Sunday night, and not a busy weekend. I shudder to think what's going to happen next week when Chinese New Year, a UFC fight, and the Superbowl converges on Vegas! I've traveled a LOT in the past 10 yrs, and all over the world, and I've never experienced anything like this. I'm afraid to think what the service would've been like at the pool, nightclub, restaurants, spa, and gym, if I'd had the chance to utilize any of those things.I'd like to give the Cosmo another chance, maybe in a few months, and hope things improve considerably. If they do, then it'd probably be my new favorite hotel on the strip. If not, then I just can't ever go back again, no matter how nice the rooms are. Please work on it!!
5	Watch out Wynn and every other casino on the strip!!  Cosmopolitan is as good as it gets in Vegas in 2011.We visited many other casinos and hotels and Cosmo was my favorite.  I had heard so much about the Wynn but when we went there it was DEAD as a doornail.  Nothing going on! I couldn't believe it.  So we booked it to Cosmo and the scenery and energy instantly changed.  This place is amazing -- not only for their over the top, out of control decadent and cutting edge decor, but the music, scene, and people that inhabit this place all contribute to the experience.  It really is something that can't be described and must be experienced.  It is much more geared to partying crowd -- just check out the club upstairs and all the people trying to get in.  Hoardes of females wearing short tight dresses and 4 inch platform heels are flocking here in droves (that must be the unofficial dress code).  Another thing I love about this place is that you don't need bottle service or to be on a guest list to have a great time or get a great table. Cosmo is a must.
4	According to one of our cab drivers when we were in Vegas, The Cosmopolitan is one of the new hotels on the strip and I must say, it's really an impressive building inside and out.I love the Chandeliers. They sparkles and they are such major BLINGS. I can just stand there and just admiring those pretty bling bling bling. They have different shops than other hotels on the strip which is a big plus. It's kinda tiring to see the same shop over and over again on Vegas strip, The Cosmopolitan is definitely a breathe of fresh air.
5	A Las Vegas Casino that has an Art vending machine, 50 Mixologists on payroll, all with 10+ years experience who refer to their cocktails as "children", a speakeasy pizzeria, 5 bars in a Chandelier alone, a Master Tailor on call with generations of Tailors preceding him- is particularly incredible if you ask me. The COSMOPOLITAN is the only place I want to be these days. (Sigh)
4	The hotel is beautiful but the buffet  is  well priced and abundant with fresh and varied food with any taste. The service from beginning to end is good and the room like the whole casino is gorgeous, open and well lit but not crowded. Plenty of salads and fruits. They give you a whole bottle of water when you sit down which I think is a great idea. Desserts may be the weak point.  Much better than most buffets anywhere is Las Vegas and on the Strip.
4	Great Suite here! Fantastic terrace overlooking the Bellagio Fountains, great kitchenette w/subzero mini fridge! Extremely comfortable King bed with great linens and great pillows! Sunken soaking tub overlooking the Bellagio fountains (didn't use it, but looked great). All the decor and trimmings were excellent. Very cool room controls access via either Large screen TV--can set lighting levels, Room Temp, Sirius Satellite Music, loads of channels. Could not Check out yet via the TV. For a place that had only been open a month---Very Very Nice. The public spaces are fun, food we ate was really good too. We will be backfor sure.
4	This is absolutely the most stunning hotel in Vegas in my opinion! I wanted to give it 5 stars, but there were a few issues...we'll get the issues out of the way first---The sheets were a bit scratchy for somewhere that is so fancy. I mean really, spend a little more for luxury, that's all I'm saying.-More importantly, and the REAL reason for minus 1 star was the noise. We had a room overlooking the outside part of their Club Marquee. The view was awesome, but OMG the noise! If you are planning to want to SLEEP in your room at night DO NOT GET A ROOM THAT FACES THE CLUB! It was so loud until 4am that I could actually HEAR the DJ pumping up the crowd and yelling "shot, shot, shot" into the microphone! Honestly, it was impossible to sleep Saturday night until they shut the place down. I think they need to go back through that side of the hotel and sound proof the sliding glass doors.  Now, if you're not planning to sleep since you're in Vegas, then this probably wouldn't be a problem.Now the GREAT---The rooms were amazing to say the least! Sleek & modern with a large living room/kitchen area. Walked through a mirrored hallway to the giant, fluffy bed, but the best part? THE BATHROOM! One whole wall was glass so you could see right into the shower from the bed! On the other side a giant sunken tub for 2! Very romantic...not a good room for sharing with anyone other than your significant other FYI. It was honestly the nicest hotel room I've ever stayed in ANYWHERE and I travel a lot! -Also had an entire floor dedicated to restaurants. We ate at Holsteins and it was great...really good burgers and shakes, kinda fancy for a burger joint. -They also had this huge multi-story bar area called The Chandelier and MAN was it glitzy!!!! It was utterly beautiful! One of the coolest things I've ever seen!-The place is huge, including the gaming area and probably one of the nicest gaming areas in Vegas. -The pool areas looked great from our view and online, but we never made it down there...but I hear good things.The best part? All of this was FREE for me! I got a letter in the mail saying they wanted to give me 2 free nights, a $100 dining voucher, and $100 in free chips..good until the end of February...I was DOWN! Their marketing worked because now I'm telling everyone it's my new favorite hotel in Vegas and I will DEFINITELY pay the little extra money to stay their next time!Can't want to go back!
4	From outside the hotel looks like this skinny building with not much to offer...but this hotel blew my mind. Took a taxi to the hotel to go to Marquee and it's very well lit and filled with people. The decor is very urban, posh and full of sex appeal. Love how the restroom near the entrance has a chain monument separating the men and women's restroom, while allowing us to take a peek at any attractive guests walking by. ;)Men and women are everywhere. We were constantly getting hollered at...great for a self esteem booster!The chandelier bar is gorgeous! Drinks prices are a bit steep ($15 each)....but the bartenders got some heavy hands!!!I definitely want to stay here on my next vegas trip. Cosmopolitan's definitely got "just the right amount of wrong".
4	As much as I love Vegas, sometimes it gets a little overwhelming with the saturation of opulence and decadent pleasures.  Cosmo is one of those places.   It's got a silicone bounce to it however.  Looks damn good, but just don't feel right.  There's always a level of fakeness with these trendy upscale joints.  But still, you can't deny something that is just sooo pretty.  There's also that gadget freak in me that loves all the high tech touches in this new hotel.I might as well be playing with machines though with the amount of technology at the tables.  The roulette tables light up all the winning bet combinations.  The pai gow tables have LCD displays that can tell you what hand you have before you even look at the cards!  Like, WTF?  We're still trying to figure that one out.  The only conclusion was that Skynet is watching and we are all doomed.I would like that they improve their HVAC system though.  Around the pit area I was at, the vents were blowing directly onto the tables.  Money was literally flying everywhere when trying to change out and it was freezing. Also, since it's independently owned, you can't use your players card (called Identity here) at other casinos...
4	O.K. our room...one bedroom terrace suite, premium view that ended up with a north facing Bellagio fountains was 6 stars. 40 years of going to Vegas this was by far our best room and we've done them all. I'm deducting one star as my interests in a casino are the sportsbook and video poker, neither of which they do well. Decor is outstanding..but a few details comparing to the likes of Aria, Encore, Bellagio. No newspaper on the door, no chocolate on the pillow after turn down, no bath salts or bubble bath for the Japanese soaking tub. O.K the mini bar has an extra compartment for your stuff at the bottom but beware its a sub zero section. Bedroom T.V lost network connection and took several hours to get the I.T guy to reboot it (seems like a common problem there). Meal at Overlook grill was pretty bad (see my review). Who orders a fruit salad and expects only to get grapes and pineapple (and not even fresh).Superbowl Sunday saw blackjack tables (on the main floor) $500 minimum. Even roulette was $25. Went downtown to gamble. Most high end places make you show room key to get near an elevator. Here they skip that and make someone on the elevator put in a room key to go up. Not quite as secure.Hey, it's a nice place, ez on the eyes attracting a younger crowd. Hope it does well. Having a balcony and a sliding glass door open with some fresh air coming in totally set the place apart from its competition.
4	I was intrigued by The Cosmopolitan commercial where it shows a flood of chicks, rabbits and chicken raiding a party scene and then you see the slogan - Just the right amount of wrong.  So I was curious and decided to check out the property as a local.  The property has tons of wow factor, from the urban decor to the posh color scheme.  The lobby has these amazing silhouette screens, so as you strut down the well lit atmosphere you can feel the vibe.   It is definitely a place for movers and shakers.  The third level is where all the restaurant and food court but in the middle of the room is a waiting area with a pool table.  It's like an upgraded sorority or frat house with class.  The top level is where the pools and cabanas but they wow you with fooseball table, flat screen TV, and gorgeous layout of where you can lounge.As a local, I definitely would like to come out there to hang out with my friends and it caters to the up and coming 20 to 30 somethings.  I can't wait to try STK and Milos.
5	Can I live here? Yes. I mean seriously. Hire me on and set me up in a studio. STAT. I am so in love with the Cosmopolitan. Our final night in Vegas was all splurge as we decided to stay at The Cosmo. Drool.My husband and I opted for the studio on a Sunday night and didn't want to leave the room. I was digging the Johnathan Adler bookends as my husband was reading aloud from the kitchy, quirky books that lined the shelves. The studio: Perfect size for two. Roomy without being stuffy. The bathroom had a separate door leading to the toilet to separate the funk from the flowers. The literal water closet has nifty wallpaper, no need for a book in the John! I took advantage of the chic shower and hot tub in one weekend. Both great. The toiletries were huge and yes, I brought them in my carry-on. Lavender-rific! The living space was cute and the desk was oh-so-adorable with colored pencils! The wet bar had a variety of goodies, safe-love products and binoculars. For real? Yeah. The closet has the most amazing wallpaper and cushy robes are available. The bed was a cloud of luxury that hugged me to sleep like an angel in the sky. And yes, we slept with the balcony cracked open in January 'cause we could. The balcony overlooking the Bellagio was absolutely awesome. In the end, we broke down and ordered secret pizza from downstairs.I can not wait to go back and spend a full weekend at the Cosmo. Seriously. It was kicking, but the pools were a bit cool this time around. See you soon, Cosmo.Love forever,Jojo F.P.S., I'm not kidding. I want to live here for real. ; )
3	Great room with lots of amenities.  The check in/out was efficient even though the in room check out did not work.  They need to improve the air filtration to mitigate the smoke.
4	We came in late Friday night, and did not check in until 1am.  We were pleasantly surprised to be told our room was upgraded to a terrace suite.  This suite was impressive.  It was on the corner of the building and the balcony wrapped around both sides.  The suite has its own washer and dryer, two full bathrooms, a full kitchen, wine fridge, and just about every other amenity you could ever want.  The view of the strip from the balcony was impressive.The building footprint is small, but they fit a lot into it.  We did not get the chance to try any of the food options or shop, but we will next time.  I also will be coming back in the summer to take advantage of at least one of the pools.It is pricier than most, but it is worth it to treat yourself.
5	I have going to Vegas about 4 times a year over the past decade. I have stayed at everything from Wynn/Encore to Excalibur. Nothing compares to The Cosmopolitan. It truly is all that and a cigarette afterwards.Everything they say about the Chandelier Bar is true. Check out all three levels since each has their very own hand-crafted cocktails. One of the bartenders told me they have a kitchen devoted to preparing their own custom mixes for use at the bar and, lord almighty, does it show.The room was fantastic, the view stunning, and the books scattered throughout the suite to peruse were perfect. And the hotel itself is an extension of all of the above but with a completely different and heightened energy.The East Tower pool is gonna be THE place to be in the spring and summer. Didn't have a bad meal anywhere and we ate just about everywhere.Finally, and most importantly, the staff to a soul were fantastic, helpful, and fun.Conventional wisdom is that it will be nearly a decade before another major resort opens on The Strip. Thank god the current construction era ended with on a perfect note: The Cosmopolitan.
5	This is the best hotel in Vegas that I've stayed in. Hands down. I loved every bit of it. I got a totally awesome deal at the hotel because I had a two free night hotel package but then the whole trip ended up being comped... WHAT WHAT?! To this day, I still have no idea how we ended up getting that last night for free but I'm not going to question a great thing.The hotel decor and interior design were sooooo chic and modern. I won't lie, it's a pretty damn girly hotel but I'm not complaining but the guys might. But whatever, they can stay at the Bellagio next door if they don't like it. But I definitely loved the chandeliers all around the ceilings as well as the purple color scheme... amazing! LOVED IT ALL.The room itself was so cute too, everything from the layout, to the wallpaper and the L-shaped couch. So perfect. The bathroom was a little too exposed to the rest of the hotel room though. But the blinds covered that problem. Also, I wish the toilet had a separate room or something so that when someone was showering, we could still go in without seeing them. But it's all good. We were all girls anyway!Oh and the view... we had such a precious view of the Bellagio fountain. GAHHHHH I LOVED IT ALL I SWEAR. There's really not much to complain about except for maybe the TVs not working as well as I had hoped. They lagged but whatever, who needs TV when you're in Vegas?
5	The best view of the strip hands down!  Super classy atmosphere, lot of young sexy people walking around, beautiful lounges, my favorite is the chandelier bar...breathtaking!  We had a wrap around suite and our view...wow... Fountains of bellagio, Eiffel tower of Paris and the strip...we felt like we owned Vegas haha!  One of the only hotels with balconies!  The view is worth the price!
5	Hands down, best hotel I've seen yet in Las Vegas! It may not have the biggest space as the other hotels, but it's decor sends out SEXY SEXY SEXY.  It's eclectic and sheik.I literally told myself that next time I visit LV, I will book at this hotel.Can't wait to visit again =)
4	Nice. Oh so very nice. Not as nice as the Aria or Vdara, but damn close. The only thing though about the Cosmopolitan is that it felt very cluttered and congested. It was hard to navigate through the casino and multiple floors of well, everything. We couldn't even find the sushi bar that we wanted to eat at and we couldn't locate any employees to ask for directions. Still a nice hotel though. I can't imagine what it would be like to stay here. One of the few hotels in Vegas that actually have a balcony and a minibar. Pretty sweet.
5	If I could drool in this review I would.Cosmo is jaw-dropping design and decor.  Try to keep your mouth closed as you look up at three stories of Chandelier Bar bling.  Its absolutely breathtaking...and what still shocks me is that every time we go, Saturday nights or whenever, we can get a seat in here.  And, extra points for white glove bar service, but prices I can get with ($10 for a pineapple & goose?).Cosmo is nothing but A-list eye candy.  Do NOT half step when you come out here, you will be embarrassed.  Bring your Louboutins.   Sorry to be harsh, but if you are a 6 or less, go somewhere else...you will get your feelings hurt.Marquee gets a huge YAY for being legit about letting local ladies in for free without a ridiculous wait.  The nightclub is absolutely gorgeous.  It literally spills out onto the pool area... so forget about table service...cabana anyone?  Only in Vegas can you end up in a Jacuzzi in January in a 5 star nightclub.  I LOVE this town.Advice:  Don't bother driving and trying to park there.  fuhgeddaboudit.  Get a car service or taxi.  Cosmo is my new crack.  As everyone else has said...sexy!!  Enjoy!
5	Love love love this hotel! We got the wrap around terrace suite complimentary and it is pimp status! I love their lobby and the suite is incredible! I would highly recommend this place to be with friends or a sweetheart. The crowd here is young and energetic. Bars everywhere and good shops! Love this place. Best place I stayed at yet in vegas.
3	SKANKY SKANKY SKANKY or Kinky!My mom received a free room to stay at Cosmo Hotel this past weekend and decided to give the room to me instead because when she started to play, she didn't feel comfy and it felt the gambling vibe wasn't on her side.  I was like SCORE!When you walk inside, it looks like a million bucks.  Everything looks over the top. When we got into the room, it was like wow, this is cool.  Not as big as Palazzo but still big.  The view is AMAZING from the balcony.  It has a microwave, small fridge and dishwasher along with 2 TVs.  Its like a great place to have a party.SKANKY OR KINKY PART:From the bedroom side, there are blinds you can lift to see a person showering or taking a bath.  You cannot even lock the blinds.  So note, if you are coming here for a bachelor/bachelorette party, there will be some type of skanky photos of you taken if you take a shower or bath. Or if you plan on filming a porno, this spot is for you.  Not great for groups but great for 2 people celebrating or if you plan on filming a porno or sex tape. HAHAHA Their buffet for brunch is fab and tasty.  No crab legs though. $23 for weekend brunch.Cheap eats, there is a pizzeria on the 3rd floor on the East end next to the sushi restaurant, $3 for a slice of cheese pizza.-1 for the skanky shower situation-.5 their A/C isn't cool enough.  It only goes down to 65 degrees. -.5 for bad gambling vibes
5	Hands down the nicest hotel I have ever stayed in. It's just unbelievable. The decor is awesome, not at all tacky like so many Vegas hotels. The service is unbelievable. This is probably the first hotel I've ever been to where I was more interested in staying in the room than exploring outside. If you have the opportunity, stay here!
4	So I didn't stay here but I did go there. And it was pretty beautiful. From a service level, the second we walked in, people were all over you saying, "WELCOME LADIES!" or "HAVE A GREAT TIME LADIES...." Whereas I felt I could have had a seizure in the middle of the lobby of my hotel/casino and no one would have noticed.Anyway, I did enjoy the people watching and there appeared to be a lot of YOUNG kids there (or maybe I am getting old) and hookers. Lot's of hookers. Or at least young girls who looked like hookers.Can't speak to the rooms but the chandelier bar was pretty.. and there is an All Saints store on the way to the dining places.
2	My girlfriend and I decided to spend a night here and what an awful experience it was. We checked in only to be told that the room we reserved was no longer available to us anymore and instead we got downgraded to a WORSE room that did not have a kitchen but were still being charged for the better room that did have one. Hmmm. We get to our room, insert the keycard, turn the knob and *THUD!* The door has been dead-bolted. The woman behind the door and I exchange stunned glances. She opens the door and reveals that she was inspecting the room to ensure that it was cleaned to the correct standards, in this case, she felt that it was not up to par. There were cigarette butts and ashes all over the balcony. Glasses with last night's unfinished whiskey on the sink. The microwave wasn't clean. There were items in the safe. And according to her, the toilet was not cleaned enough. Yuck. She asked if she could return with a cleaning staff member and that she would supervise them to make sure the room is cleaned properly. Since we had a dinner reservation that was coming up soon so we said "sure."Dinner ends. It's midnight now and we're tired from day's work, the flight and the night's festivities. We're walking back and looking forward to showering and relaxing in what is (despite it's uncleanliness) still a luxurious room. However, we return to our room to find a dirty broom left leaning on the sink counter and that we have no toiletries what-so-ever. I call and ask for toiletries and to tell them they forgot their broom, lady says she'll send someone up right away. "Right away" turns into an hour and still no sign of toiletries. My girlfriend calls to ask again and 10 minutes later, I open the door to an angry man who says nothing, storms into the bathroom, drops off a handful of toiletries and on the way out, he asks in an irritated tone "is there's anything else you need?" my girlfriend comes out and tells him he forgot his broom.Since we were only staying for one night, we requested a later check-out time when we were checking in. They allowed us to check out at 2PM instead of the standard 11AM. Great. Around 12PM the next day, the phone rings and the most rude woman tells me what time standard check-out is and has the nerve to condescendingly ask me if I know what time it currently is. Whatever happened to manners? I know most people don't have them but this is the field of hospitality...anyway, I tell her about our late check-out and she doesn't apologize, just says she'll enter it in the system (why didn't the check-in guy do this?).It's a shame because the hotel really is nice and we were really looking forward to staying here. This was a Wednesday night, the hotel wasn't even busy and there weren't even that many people there. There was no excuse for the terrible service and rude staff who couldn't even do basic things. I'd hate to wonder how our experience would have been if it had been on the weekend. Perhaps it's because the hotel's still new or we just came on a bad night, who knows, but we've stayed at other hotels on the strip and never had any issues like the ones at The Cosmopolitan. You're better off staying away, for now.
3	This might possibly be the gayest hotel I have ever seen.  The lobby and casino look like they are inside Joan River's chandellier.  At the same time, I loved it.  Despite the gaudy feel, the hotel has really neat bars and it isn't as huge as some of the other hotels so it is pretty easy to navagate.  I also love the stores that are just a couple floors above.  This hotel is definitely great for people who don't want to walk around a ton but still want the vegas feel.
5	Alright, if you can't afford (or get into) the SkyLofts or the Mansion and you're going to rough it with a 'regular' hotel room--- it doesn't get any better than the Cosmo Hotel. I come to Vegas a few times a year for work, and I've stayed at them all... Bellagio, Aria, Wynn, Encore, The Hotel, Mandalay, MGM, Hilton Grand, bla bla bla. My usual favorite is THE HOTEL... oh but the Cosmo has just taken your place.The rooms are suites. Love. And they're huge. Love. Everything inside your room can be controlled on the TV including -- lighting settings, ordering room service, room temp, music selections, spa appointment bookings, your appointment scheduled within the hotel, dinner reservations, and more. How amazing is that? Fully automated... LOVE LOVE LOVE that!!The restaurants are delish, the people watching is divine, and the clubs are hot. Go. Play. Enjoy.
2	Are you folks kidding? This casino is just a touch better than some of the places you would find in Atlantic City or Fremont Street. When I walked through, it felt like I was walking through a long narrow hallway. There aren't that many gaming tables at the Cosmo and most were empty. This place is perfect for the 20 something wannabe look at me fake money fake boobs crowd from LA. People with real money and real class are next door at Bellagio. I doubt I will ever gamble or stay here.
4	SOoOoOo I didnt even stay here, but I was there long enough for me to YELP REVIEW this hotel/casino!Someone said that this place makes you feel like a princess... and I must agree. It screams ROYAL TREATMENT from the blinged out walls, to the private elevators to the rooms, to the service from the hotel.  Someone said if you're not a 6 or higher then you shouldn't go... SCREW THEM... Everyone is an instant 10 when they walk in there. The people are super polite and give you all the information you need with a smile on their face. The room I went to visit my friend is was AMAZING! The view was beautiful and it wrapped around her room!!! I must agree with the KINKY looking shower/bath area. It was very "sexy" though. I would stay w/ my boo if I were to stay at the cosmo! I left out a * because when my friend called up for room service it took them 2 hours for them to respond... and a reminder call.. NO BUENO! LOLBut one of my favorite things in the hotel was the PINK chandeliers in the hallways... I loooooooooooooooved them!!!
5	I can see how this hotel will become one of my favorites in Vegas already. It's absolutely gorgeous. Only been open for about 2 months, I've been there no less than 5 times already.  This place has a Chandelier bar, the most amazingly sparkling centerpiece of crystals.  Really pretty.  This place also has a bar called The Henry.  So cool!The casino floor itself is a bit small but I like that because it feels more manageable.  I have yet to check out Marquee the nightclub but I'm sure I'll get to soon.Lastly, their buffet, The Wicked Spoon, is great. I've already been twice!
3	I loved the decor and the bartender was smokin' hot. My martini wasn't outrageously priced and was perfectly mixed, I'm definitely a fan. Its proximity to All Saints doesn't hurt either. Great for people watching, the drinks are amazing, and eye candy surrounds you here. Check it out!
2	The Cosmopolitan Hotel wants to be where the beautiful people congregate.  The decor is very trendy and over-the-top.  Many multi-screen LCD panels are all over the hotel projecting bubbles, flowers, and the hotel website.  Think lots of crystal, lots of dark pink, lots of bizzare modern art.  The technology in the casino, the rooms, and the parking lot is all really cool.  I like the fact that a little green light alerts you to empty parking spaces and that the lights and temperature in the room are controlled by the tv.  The room was also nice, but I wish the controls for the blinds in the shower were on the INSIDE so I could control who watches me...I don't like that there is an oversized mini-bar on the desk and in the fridge.  I don't like that it is near impossible to find anything in the building.  I don't like the parade of partially clothed women that wander through to get to the clubs.  I don't like that EVERYTHING here is premium priced. I am disappointed by all the restaurants I tried during my stay. See my reviews of Comme Ca, Jaleo, and the Henry. This hotel is trying too hard.  This is not L.A. or Manhattan.  This is Vegas.  Focus on what works here: Good gambling, cool shows, amazing food. The Comsopolitan has none of these.
3	I recently stayed here for a bachelor party. The hotel lobby was decked out with sick flat screen columns that looked like wall paper, but changed throughout the day. The check-in counters used iPads (with a stylus?!?), though it seemed like a fairly frivolous addition. Service at this relatively new hotel was extremely rough. We had a block of rooms reserved together before we arrived, however at check-in that information was lost and people were checked into rooms all over the place. The staff worked hard to get us rooms in the same tower at least and ended up comping us each for one night and giving us half off the second night (a few of us were stuck room-less for 3 hours). In addition to the check-in mishap there was a "cleaning" problem in one of the rooms. I won't get into the details, but it needed immediate attention, which unfortunately had to be requested multiple times. Also on Sunday morning I ordered room service that never arrived, when I called to check on it they suggested I go to the buffet instead.My suite had a great view of the Bellagio fountain. Decor was attractive and it felt spacious enough for one. The bachelor got a massive bungalow (he was majorly upgraded due to our many service issues). It had a private entrance to the hot new club: Marquee as well as 3 floors, views of the club, and an outdoor hot tub. Unfortunately the lack of sound insulation meant he couldn't sleep until the music stopped (after 5am). Also the fancy stereo system wasn't working on the main floor so we couldn't pipe in any music. Furnishings in the bungalow (like the couch) seemed designed more for ease of cleaning than style.While it's a cool looking hotel for now, I suspect the heavy use of technology means it won't look or feel modern for all that long unless they have a big budget for frequent upgrades. In my mind... Encore remains the Vegas champ.
5	Wow! What a beautiful modern hotel. Very nice. Crystals and huge tvish changing walls. Must see for yourself.
1	If you are a 45 year old woman who knows what Sex And The City character you are, or still have princess pillow cases, you will love this place!   If you are a bachlorette party, hoping to run into other bachlorette parties, I can almost guaranty your success.  If you are not a bachlorette party or a self described cougar, go anywhere else.
1	I stayed in Cosmopolitan for the weekend to celebrate Valentines Day. It's not enough to say that my holiday was ruined by this hotel. The check in was 2 hours long (no exaggeration) than they gave us the keys to the room and after we finally got to 37th floor it appeared that there is A PARTY in the room that they gave us the keys to. We came back to the lobby and they gave us another room WHICH HAD NIGHTCLUB IN FRONT OF OUR WINDOWS!!! And they couldn't move us to another room because they were : "Oversold" so I couldn't sleep for 3 nights I was staying there... It was horrible, i thought I'm gonna go crazy cause the music from the club was so loud it seemed like the party was IN MY BED! HOW DID THEY DESIGN THE BUILDING? And room service was terrible too, they couldn't pick up the dishes even though i called 3 times for it! but the food was OK... SO I'M NEVER COMING BACK TO THIS HOTEL AND DON'T RECOMMEND IT TO ANYONE!
4	Beautiful new hotel, a lovely room, and exceptional staff... but due to some glitches I can't in good conscience give 5 stars.Some of the high points of our late-January visit:* The room: massive, with balcony overlooking the Bellagio fountains and jacuzzi tub with same view.  Best hotel room I've ever stayed in --  I love the turn in the economy that turned condo units into hotel rooms.  Combine all that with The Best And Most Essential Vegas Invention Ever -- the 8PM Checkout -- and I'm hooked. * The overwhelming casino/lobby/entertainment areas, with the 3 stories of "chandelier" spilling down and enough big-screen morphing art displays to evoke Blade Runner (but with more class, less rain, and fewer androids).  * The staff.  I don't know if it's just that they're new in their jobs and aren't all jaded yet, but it's nice to find a place in Vegas where the employees make eye contact in passing, smile, and throw out a lot of "good evening sir."  Our favorite, however, was sports book bartender Jennie, who always managed to detour us from wherever else we were going -- and who would shoo away people from smoking at her bar.  Which leads me to...* Cocktails.  You know how casinos will begrudgingly slide you a few Bud Lites while you play video poker?  At the Cosmopolitan, it's top-shelf martinis, some of their amazing custom creations, and a beer list with selections from Belgium (and Stone), not begrudgingly poured, either.* The patrons and fellow guests.  Helluva lot classier and better mannered (and yes, I'm using those terms in the Vegas relative sense) than in the surrounding resorts.* Marquee and one of the restaurants (soon to appear in another review...)And now for the why-not-five-or-six-or-seven-stars reason:  too many quirks to make this a seamless, effortless, fine time.  You'd think after being open a month they'd have time to shake the bugs out of the system.  But we still had to deal with:* A shower with water pressure that would cycle from full stream to a dribble on a routine basis,* The 8pm checkout leading to room keycard issues, the type that inexcusably took a couple trips to reception and 20 minutes to resolve.  When the staff fumbles with the keycard machine, gives you a total of three keycards ("try these two, and if they don't work, try this one") you know they're not ready for prime time.  * Maid service, who took the generous tip left for them but didn't clean up the room.  Huh?* And using the TV and a TV remote in the room to control everything from lights to temperature was an annoying (and occasionally cold and dark) process. Plus one of the TV's wouldn't even get TV.Still, I'm giving the Cosmopolitan another chance -- and probably many more chances.
4	Opulent!  So visually appealing to me but the younger clientele is a bit of a turn off.  I tried the buffet which I'm a fan of, I'm eager to try the other outlets as well.
4	Got a room here last night and for some reason they gave us a handicapped room, which was fine, but one down side (I'll get to that later!)Husband booked a room for my birthday weekend. :)We stayed in room 1810, which has a huge bathroom, living room area, kitchenette (complete with a microwave, fridge & dishwasher!), a large bed, a balcony that overlooks City Center, two flat screen TVs and three places to hook up your phone and other jacks into the TV.  They have buttons that say On or Off or Hello and Goodbye for the lights to turn on and off.  You can change the temperature of the room, turn on & off the lights, and set the ambiance all from the TV!  Awesome!The downside- the shower.  Ok, with this being a handicapped room, there are extra spaces in certain areas.  I get all of that.  But when I was in the shower, there isn't a ledge to keep the water in the shower, so what we ended up with, was water all over the bathroom floor and onto the carpet in the hallway of our room.  Dang!There were a couple things I was surprised about:- The lightening in the bathroom sucked for putting on makeup.  Also, it doesn't have a magnified mirror.- Calling housekeeping or the front desk was a wait time of 8 minutes last night!- There is a coffee maker in the room.  You need "pods" to make coffee.  There aren't any "pods" in the room.- I would have thought there might have been plastic spoons or stirrers because of the coffee- nope.- There is a huge cut-out in the room, so when you are in the bathroom people in the living area can watch you!  There are pull down blinds, but you can still hear everything!  We had our friends up to our room to "pre-game" and no one wanted to use the bathroom!All n' all I would DEFINITELY stay here again, hands down, no questions asked.  The room was clean and comfortable.  And the room service was great too!  (ordered it twice!)
4	WOW!  The Cosmopolitan is definitely as gorgeous and chic as everyone says it is.  The Chandelier Bar is jaw dropping...so much bling!And OMG!  You have to check out their roulette tables...they're ridiculously cool.  The table not only lights up the winning number and odds, but it also shows the stats for the four hottest and coldest numbers, the percentages for reds vs blacks as well as other things.  If I ever decide to play roulette, I will hit up The Cosmopolitan for sure! Of course, I would love to stay at the hotel and check out these amazing high-tech rooms as well ;)
1	So very many things that went wrong in this hotel and we only stayed one night. The single star is purely for the reason that it is a very pretty hotel. We arrived right at check-in time which is 3:00. The man helping us at the front desk informs us that our room is not ready yet but he will call us when it is, with no indication of when that would be. An hour later we grew concerned since we did have a 5:00 dinner reservation at Comme Ca. Once were able to get ahold of someone that actually had some knowledge about our situation, they said our room was still not ready and they had no idea when it would be, but they could put us in a downgraded room right away. The room we had previously requested and paid for was a suite with a king size bed, pull-out sofa, and Japanese soaking tub. The room we ended up in had two double beds and was significantly smaller. My sister who has works in customer service, went downstairs to see if the hotel was willing to do anything for us since we did not get the room we originally paid for and the one hour wait time for our room. The front desk said they were only able give us back the $10 price difference between the rooms. We were welcome to wait for the manager but there were already 5 parties ahead of us waiting to speak with him. I wonder why? Luckily we were able to push back our reservation so that we had more time to get ready for our dinner.The next thing that happened was very weird... We had requested an 8:00am wake-up call in order to request a late check-out, because that was they way we were told it had to be done. At 8:00am we received our wake-up call and asked for the late check out, which we were granted. 30mins later hotel staff and security were pounding on our hotel door, then proceeded to open our door and say that since we never answered our wake-up call they needed to make sure we were all right. What?!?!? Upon our late check-out at 1:00, my friend was asked how our stay was. She explained everything that had happened and the man on the other end was very sympathetic and told her that he would give us a $100 gift card to use at any of the restaurants in the hotel. The gift card would be waiting for her at the concierge. When she went down to the concierge they had no idea what she was talking about and they had to call the man that offered her the gift card. My friend was then asked for her i.d. and credit card. Assuming that they just needed a confirmation that she was staying in the hotel she gave it to them. After already using the "free" gift card for lunch, she discovered that they had actually charged her for it. After some very frustrating phone calls to customer service, where the man who had offered her the gift card in the first place was no where to be found, my friend will be getting her money refunded to her. Hopefully. Granted that this hotel has only been open two months, some mistakes are to be expected but this was a little out of control.
4	By far the most "tricked" out of any Las Vegas hotel.  Kind of like they took ideas from the more youth oriented Hard Rock and Palms and merged them with the sophistication of Bellagio, Encore, etc. Not every corner of the hotel looks the same, but it's not inharmoniously  done. The two levels above the casino floor where actually a continuation of the hotel, not just big lobbies made for conventions and weddings. The billiard and lounge area were great, but it might hard be to get in a game of pool or grab a comfortable seat during the busier weekends and summer season.
5	The Cosmopolitan is such a "Joanna" hotel. There are large, sparkly crystal chandeliers everywhere and long strands of crystals dripping from the chandeliers. I'm rarely awed by hotel decor and I will admit if something looks nice, but I have never stood on an escalator staring up at the ceiling saying "OHHHHH" and "AAHHHHH" and busting out my camera to take a photo. (Btw, I was mainly like this due to all the sparkles. I am a HUGE fan of sparkles if you can't tell..) Oh, and there's TWO HUGE SHOES IN THE MIDDLE OF THE HALLWAY!!!!!! SHOES! SHOES! SHOES! Yes, that's exactly what I said when I saw them. I started jumping up and down and waited for a bunch of people to finish taking photos so I can pose with the shoe. The fiance knows about my major shoe obsession so even though he's anti photo, he patiently waited and snapped a few photos for me. I felt like a child going to Disneyland for the first time :) In awe and very excited about everything I saw. Unfortunately, we didn't stay at Cosmopolitan because we got a better room deal at Palazzo, but I would definitely want to stay here on our next trip. Maybe when I come with friends that don't gamble since the casino is a bit on the small side.
5	I'm in love!!!I wish I could live in the Cosmopolitan. By far, the best hotel in Vegas in terms of ambiance, room amenities, food, location, everything! Ambiance- Amazing!  A refreshing change from all the other cheesy hotels in Vegas. Chic and classy, definitely stands out this sleazy city. As many people have mentioned you must see the Chandelier Bar with your own eyes..It has to be the 8th wonder of the world it's so beautiful!Food- Plenty of restaurants located in the hotel, including Jaleo (Tapas Restaurant) and Va Bene (A great cafe with amazing pastries).Room- I wanted to take that blanket home with me soooo bad. You feel like you're floating on a cloud. It's fluffy and dreamy and.. okay okay I'll stop. Bathroom toiletries are Co Bigelow products, a definite plus :)Location- In the heart of the strip, within CIty Center. Across from the Miracle Mile Shops (Urban Outfitters, Sephora, etc.) and a good walking distance from the Forum Shops. I will be back in July Cosmopolitan, just you wait!
5	Mike U pretty much nailed it. Very nice place. Great lounges and restaurants. Really enjoyed the ambiance and the Chandelier bar was pretty cool.
5	I LOVE the Cosmopolitan! I work in a hotel and travel alot. Its hard to impress me, but Cosmo had everything! Trendy decor, friendly staff, great integration of technology in the rooms and throughout the hotel, and the one bedroom rooms are sooooooooooooooo spacious. Great views of the LV Strip. Great drinks and service at the Chandelier Bar compared to a few other hotel/casinos I visited. Top notch service all the way! I already booked my stay for Sept! :o)
1	I have to give a hotel that tries to steal from me one star. There was no option for no star. Every time you open the refrigerator (which is motion-activated) they charge you for using it. We checked out with $70 of charges on our bill. Yes, they took it off. But I asked the woman at the desk how many people they are charging who DON'T notice it. She had no answer, just said they were happy to remove charges.But that is just the tip of the disorganization iceberg at the Cosmopolitan, which attempts to blind you with glitz so that you don't notice that staying there is really more like high-rise camping. Everything in the room operates off the TV remote: the lights, the air conditioning/heat, hotel details, spa appointments. Our TV remote, however, was dead, as were four lights in the room (one in the water closet, which means toilet room for those who don't get out much. and we couldn't see a damn thing in there.) It took two days to get those things restored. TWO DAYS. Unacceptable. Of course if you can't turn the lights out without burrowing into TV screens (4 clicks deep) you're just going to let all the lights burn. This is faux high-tech bull. What it really is is aggravating.  Hotels are supposed to be relaxaing. Not taxing.Also, the maids don't seem to know what they're doing. Not enough towels, no replacement of soaps. Missing do-not-disturb sign. Can't get those things when you ask for them.The place was taken over by its lender, Deutche Bank, and opened anyway. It shows.One good thing: every room has a deck.woo. hoo.
5	A prominent "bridge" from Bellagio to Aria Hotel and Casino. It's my favorite spot in whole City Center now.However I checked web site and found out that The Cosmopolitan is not a part of City Center at all. In my opinion, it's organically synced with the rest of buildings and is an enticing addition to them. I'm staying there next time!And one more thing, check their packages on web. One I really suggest all my single but cooperative peers is "Three adults for the price of two" night stay.
5	I decided I needed to get out of the house for a few hours... so I dragged the husband with me to venture down to Cosmo. Anyways... WOW! We drove up to valet (of course) because ... it's Vegas and I don't see why I should have to park my own car. LOL! The valet area is 5 stars (at least). GORGEOUS! The light fixtures, colors and special concrete that looked like you were driving on granite were FABULOUS. And this is just the valet area. It's a fairly small area with a couple tight turns so don't go zooming into here or you might collide with a column light fixture or a cabbie. Take your time... enjoy the ambiance. (Yes, I know it's just valet but still... take it in..EXPERIENCE it.) The lobby area is gorgeous and the lobby bar is nothing like any of the other lobby bars I've seen at other hotels. This looks like something out of a movie.... it looks like a ultra lounge... but it's the lobby bar. Ok... so moving through the casino floor and the upper levels... everything is GLITZY and GLAM. Totally over the top. I know... it sounds ostentatious and ridiculous... and it should be... but it's NOT. It totally works. I love that everything sparkles, glitters and feels alive. Of course, I wonder in a year from now, how this will look as I'm sure maintaining the shiny surfaces is going to be a bear. Love the HEELS in the banquet area and the DOGS and the JEDI council chairs and ... the POOL TABLES and the FOOZE ball table in the restaurant area... I mean... it's fun in a really upscale manner. The pool area (while it was only 50 degrees we checked it out anyways)... looks like it is going to be the place to hang when the temps start to rise. What a set up! It's not just one big pool area... they split what limited space they have up into sections and it flows very nicely. Overall it is very small so I'm not sure how they are going to manage the crowds. The pools are edgeless and have loungers in the water. Plus there's a covered area with 9 big screen TVs and a separate bar to just hang out. The cool part is that it's on the 4th level and you can see LVB below. As a local, I hope that there is some sort of promotion where I might get to try out the pool without having to stay at the property... but I'll just have to wait and see.
1	Grossly exaggerated positive reviews. I suspect the bulk of them were cleverly submitted by Cosmo's PR firm.  The rooms run entirely through the television set, from lighting to temperature, yet the remote batteries were spent. I replaced them with my own just to turn the heat down. It took two days to get staff to replace numerous burned out bulbs. We finally resorted to moving bulbs around so the loo wouldn't be in utter darkness. I give this hotel one star not for any of the above but for the audacity to charge our room $68.00 for the mini-bar, which we didn't use. Audacity for their flippant attitude about an accounting error they claim is common. We were told that just opening the fridge, which we used for our own goods, triggers a charge.  We think it's a sick and twisted profit center. Checking in was a pain and checking out even more difficult.
5	This place ruined every other Vegas hotel for me.  We got comped two nights in a wrap around terrace suite and we didn't want to leave! The service was excellent and the employees genuinely seemed to want feedback on our stay.  Other than the really crowded casino floor it was a really nice experience.  As other reviews have already said this place is gorgeous.  The wrap around terrace suite was the BEST hotel room I've ever stayed in. Everything seemed to work perfectly - room service was prompt, bell service also speedy, and again really friendly staff.  The terrace was the best part.  Yes everything is hi tech and contrary to some reviews, everything worked well. We didn't have a chance to try the restaurants here - but room service food was excellent and the "secret" pizza place was delicious.  We actually went there twice.  Will definitely go back to the Cosmopolitan again, even if not comped.
5	THE COOLEST HOTEL ON THE STRIP!!! hands down people this place is insane. I would decorate my house exactly the way this place is done. We saw The Black Keys with Big Boi from Outkast here and it was amazing. COolest concert hall i've been in, it just felt exactly what i imagined a concert environment to be. Classy with modern feel and you just new a kick ass classy show was about to happen. But the rooms are SICK, the restaurants are SICK and they have cool shops with some amazing motorcycles, game areas, the pool is awesome up on the 4th floor with a look over the strip and it's done beach style. COOLEST HOTEL i've ever been to for sure.
5	Ok, I really love this place. It's my new favorite place on the strip. I was impressed from the moment we pulled up in the marble-look entry of the parking garage--just so clean and classy looking. Next to impress was the lobby with enormous columns made of HDTV screens with various entertaining images displayed. Throughout, the design elements and art are beautiful and hip. The casino floor is a bit small, but I kind of like it that way. The crowd is young-most looked in their 30's-and glamorous (mostly!) and we did see at least one celebrity as we were out for a stroll.One reviewer said the place did not have a good flow, but I completely disagree! The ground floor is mostly gaming, the second floor is shopping, the third floor is the restaurant level, the pools are on the roof, and the chandelier bar runs through the middle of all three floors, tying everything together and providing an excellent place to people watch on any level. This bar is beautifully enveloped in drippy crystal strands and served great champagne and signature cocktails.  Everything about the building is hip, chic, and fashionable....I really enjoyed every minute.
5	My friend and I entered to a pretty lobby with floating bubbles during President's Day weekend. Our room was on the 69th floor and had an amazing view of the strip. I was able to manually operate the lights/temperature while also change it through the TV. The room was fantastic. The room was spacious with nice decor. There were two blinds covering the window to the shower and access to the tub. Kinky and awesome for a couple but interesting for a group of friends. However, I had great friends I could trust not to mess with the blinds. :)The most annoying light was to the bathroom. It wouldn't always turn on. And the phone stopped working but front desk sent someone immediately to fix it. The people working here were very helpful and friendly. They helped us get into the Marquee nightclub, which was an interesting task, and let us borrow their tape to decorate the room for my friend's birthday. And hotel guests will always be able to get into the Marquee no matter the event. The pools were really nice. Since it was a little chilly, there were a lot of people lounging on the chairs and no one in the pool. And I love the Chandelier bar. Just so pretty. The casino isn't as large compared to other hotels but the dealers are very helpful and took the time to explain how to play. Overall, love it! My friends and I are already planning our next trip back!
4	Beautiful hotel. Parking was very interesting. Knocked off a point for a slightly confusing parking garage though. Was only here to try the buffet and take a quick walk around. When I get to chance to experience more here, I will update my review.It actually isn't very hard to navigate as this is not a very large hotel. And plus, I saw these awesome digital touch screens that can show you a map of each level of the property plus a list dining and shopping options and even flight schedules!I look forward to checking out the rooms, pools, and restaurants here. The dining options seem to be amazing. And Wicked Spoon (their buffet) was good.4.5 stars if I could.
3	Just awesome...the clubs, the rooms, everything!!
4	Where do I start...As the newest addition on the Vegas strip, I think The Cosmo is making it's mark.  Though there are somethings that are keeping it from getting 5 stars, I think this may change after some time and getting some logiistical kinks worked out.Here are some of the things I loved about The Cosmo:1.  Wraparound Terrace Suite:  Amazing views of the strip on your own private terrace.  Moderm kitchenette with sub-zerio freezer and in-room washer/dryer made it like home.  Perfect for long stays, and warming up left overs from the restaurants.  Although the decor tried to seem "modern" I found the actual living space to be plain and small.  TVs were not working properly.  The entrance to the bath area had no privacy doors.  This room may be a no-no if you're sharing this room with friends in which you demand privacy while you're showing.2.  The Wicked Spoon buffet was AWESOME.  See my review for more details.3.  Though they boast a 100,000 sq ft. casino, it seems much smaller.  Everything kinda seemed cramped, not a lot of table denomination selections.  You're basically stuck with $50 minimums on BJ and $25 on Rouleete.  But the friendliness of the dealers and pit crew makes up for it.  They are trying to be a ritzy joint, but the personel don't act stuck up like they do at Wynn, Encore, Bellagio.  Big plus for the friendliness. 4.  Marquee was a popping club.  It seemed like all the hipsters were out to play.  For some reason, this place filtered out all the hoodlums. hahaha.5.  The Comso has easy access to the Las Vegas Blvd.  At other resorts, you would have to walk miles and miles just to get some freshair.  6.  Many restaurants to choose from.  But I think they need to have a more consistent tasting Chinese restuarant.  China Poblano was horrible.All and all.  Really great place to stay and play.  I was only here for 2 days and have not been able to check out everything they had to offer.  But so far...so good.
4	It was love at first sight, so sparkly shiny and new. I loved all the decor in the casino and the hotel rooms. This is the best decorated, most gorgeous hotel in Las Vegas. The Chandelier bar is gorgeous, and a great place to chill, with seating all around on two floors. They even played great music! Their wrap around terrace suite has everything you need (minus the details). There is a washer/dryer/full kitchen, which doesn't include the detergent and extra kitchen utensils. This place would be my dream apartment/condo. The layout and decor is perfect :) and all the chairs/sofas are so comfortable. OH and the view of the strip was nice, with a nice view of the bellagio water show.
5	Best and Hottest hotel on d strip.... Our room was sooo nice- jacuzzi tub, living room, d only hotel on d strip with a BALCONY.... The food at the Wicked spoon buffet was awesome and very affordable... The Chandelier, Vesper bar and all the lounges @ d hotel were crazy and the drinks were very affordable compared 2 d other hotels on d strip.... Already planning my nxt trip 2 the same hotel... :)
5	Bling, bling, bling, bling, bling... and more bling.This place is extremely flashy, chandelier and reflective surfaces everywhere. The rooms themselves are extremely nice, I was in a Terrace One Bedroom. And DAMN, that room is full of sex. The bathtub was connected to the bedroom, and they even had blinds that you could open for shower window. There was a spacious couch, tables, normal hotel suite stuff. The balcony was nice touch, with a loveseat and small table outside.The pool area is extremely relaxing during the daytime. Pool, pool [the other kind], ping pong, foosball, bar, comfortable seat-beds on the water, and a spectacular view. After a night of clubbing, you can just lay down on the bed-like seat on top of water and just relax and think to yourself, "damn, taking this weekend off was a good idea."Also, you can get into Marquee without waiting a billion hours as a hotel guest.
1	Bad experience at a conference show.  When I entered valet parking, I was greeted, but felt being pushed for tips, but it was a drop off.  I would tip them once I pick up the car.  I also ate at Bar & Shake restaurant sitting in the bar and ordered some Burgers and Fries.  A lady sat next to me ordered later, but recieved the order first.  20 minutes after the order, I still have not gotten the food and I asked my bartender if he could check on my order, but he rudely told me it will come soon rather than sorry or not being aware of timing.  Soon, the lady told him why I am not getting my food even I ordered before she did and she was almost finished with her meal.  I also asked him for side of spicy mustard, but never came, even the runner asked me if I needed anything, and I asked for the same thing, but still forgot.  The bartneder never came to me and checked if everything was ok or not.  This was a total joke!  But the food was tasty and hot.At the confernece the design is too boutiquing, but very creative full of leather on the walls. Very nice.  Seat at the conference were comfortable, but few room were not comfortable with plastic seats.I have not yet experience the rooms, so and because of good reviews, I will still give another chance.
5	All the glitz and glam without the attitude.    How rare is that these days? This place just reeks of Class!  The Cosmopolitan is beautiful and looks like the top supermodel on the Vegas strip to beat.  I'm a fan of the boutique-ish L.A. look filled with an eclectic arrangement of posh modern decor furniture.    High quality building materials adorn the casino floors and lounge areas.    The lighting is placed flawlessly and with precision to set the right mood to make you feel good.    Not too dark to be too somber, but simultaneously not too bright and flashy to strain your eyes.    The elegant,  crystal chandeliers that are strewn throughout are absolute eye candy. I went at nighttime so nobody was at the pool lounge because it was so cold, but I can tell this is going to be 'buzz' when the weather warms up a bit.    Pool tables, foosball tables and posh cabanas are scattered throughout to create a cheerful atmosphere of a party.  Cosmopolitan is a hotel part of the Marriot conglomerate so it appears that they are shunning the typical Vegas look and embracing the old school Vegas Rat Pack fused with a fresh neo-modern look.    Hotel staff is a class act.   They look you in the eyes and warmly greet you.  WOOO!  I'm a fan.  I signed up for their Players Card and will be returning soon.
4	It's like a giant magpie stockpiled all the glittery pieces of flare and beading it could find in this shiny new casino.  Wicked buffet! Giant Chandelier stretching 2 floors!  Pink, Silver, Purple hues everywhere.  I thought I was at Afterlife on Omega.It made the Bellagio (where I was staying) feel like an old Reno hotel with a fancy bidet in the front.
4	I.Love.TheCosmpoliatian. And soon you will too. Sadly, I didn't even stay here this past weekend. I just did a walk through and I was awed. Mesmerized by the glamorous decor. I loved the crystal chandeliers in and around the casino. So Shiny! This hotel is over the top and will give you the sexy vibe. The staffs really friendly. Showed us how to get to Marquee without causing any confusion.
3	Review for public areas only. I haven't stayed here, so maybe spending more than an afternoon wandering around here would help me get used to the layout?I find the floor plan confusing. Trying to find the amazing pizza place or the buffet was a lot of wandering and back and forth. As a newbie, it just didn't make sense.Shops are good for window shopping, and that's about it. Facility is nice (it's new, it should be nice!) and staff were very professional and friendly. I went mid-week, so I didn't have to deal with large crowds or ugly drunks, and that's the way I like it. I don't know that I would venture in here on a weekend, though. It sort of screams 'hipster'.
4	This is not your typical Vegas hotel.  It is located on the strip and has 2000 rooms but gives you the feel of a boutique hotel.  The service is very good (although I think it is strange that no one wears name tags).I would have given the hotel 5 stars but I was not a fan of the amount of children in the hotel.  They need to discourage kids from staying there and encourage couples and singles to come and get away from kids.All and all we had a blast!
5	The rooms are nice, but not as plush as I would expect, but nice nonetheless.  The real stunner in the rooms is the bathroom/shower.  It utilizes an open plan with a nice square sit in spa tub over looking the beautiful skyline of Vegas hotels.  It's the perfect place to relax with champangne and strawberries.
3	I am a fan of the view, the room, spa/salon, and the overall ambiance. I am not a fan of poor service. We got to the hotel a little after 3pm and our room was not ready, they told us about an hour, 2 and a half hours later we went to the check in area and it was still not ready, but they some how found us a room. Also, the day of my wedding I called for room service before my appointments at the salon and they told me 35 min, a hour later of no room service I called back and they told me that it was on it's way, a half hour after that it finally came. I really hoped to spend some time relaxing in the spa before my salon appointment, but not much luck there. I really loved the view, the room, and some of the staff were friendly. I hope that the hotel gets their act together, because I really want to try to come back this summer.
5	this review is for the player card staff. . .very helpful and friendly. . .i had a blast applying for a card. . .i feel great being helped by someone who enjoys their job there. . .hotel is 4 stars. . .walked around. . .i felt this hotel got smaller. . . instead of buliding width wise they built height wise. . . very nice hotel a bit confusing just to exit though. . .and lost $25 on wheel of fortune slot machine! booo hahahaha
5	most beautiful hotel in the strip. decor is awww so inspiring, love it here
3	Can you say overdone and gawdy?  I attended a conference at this hotel recently.   While the newest on the Strip, it definitely is over done, gone way overboard on the public area decorating and broke the bank on the decorating.  Well it's Vegas so I guess that is what is expected.I just attended the conference here, did not stay in the rooms.  I hear the rooms are great but you need a 14 year old that is skilled in electronic operations to run the room.The Chandelier bar was literally a 3 story chandelier bar.  It looked tacky.  Imagine beaded (fake) crystal strands of rope that is designed to look like a hanging lamp?The lobby was cool.  Columns with LED panels that would change graphics every 10 minutes or so.  A matching panel behind the front desk.  Leaves falling, library shelves/books and light bulbs.  Very cool.Conference area was well appointed and fairly high tech.  Interactive touch screen panels that included an interface to the hotels functions of the day and a map to point you in the right direction.  Bathrooms seemed on short supply.  I was lucky enough to be there for a catering conference.  We had a back of house tour.  Amazing what little bit of space is in the back of the house to produce for 150,000 square feet of banquet space.  All well thought out.So 2 stars for gaudiness, 4 stars for product and service.
2	The public areas of Cosmo are beautiful and the customer service is really great, but the hotel side is a fail.They were overbooked when I showed up so instead of the lovely balcony and Japanese soaking tub I had paid for I was shown to a city room that has two beds and no tub.  Fail.  The room service menu was missing pages and when I wanted to order dinner I had to play "Do you have this?" with the operator.  I finally hit on grilled cheese and she warned me that it had a fig compote on it.  Score.  I love fig.  She did not mention there was bacon.  Boo, I hate bacon and my sandwich came drenched in pig.  Gross and unacceptable.  The toiletries in the bathroom and the robe were very nice.  The tv remote was not working properly - I had to hold my arm down and over the edge of the bed in order to get it to operate the tv.  And that really sucked because you need to operate the lights through the tv.  In the city room - the crap room they stuck me in - there was a light by the door that could ONLY be operated through the tv.  And figuring out how to do that nearly caused me a heart attack and I wanted to start pulling out my hair one strand at a time out of frustration.  So I had the taste of bacon in my mouth, no balcony, didn't get to sit in a tub, and then I had to sleep in a bed that's smaller than the one I have at home.  The next morning I went to the buffet and was treated to some cold eggs.  I'm not kidding.  Every single thing I experienced in this hotel was a giant disaster.I don't know if it was just raining on me while I was there or what, but I'm scared to try to stay here again.  I have another reservation that I had already made before this stay and I'm unsure whether keeping it is smart.  They promised they would be able to fill my reservation, so we'll see.  So many other people had a good experience at the Cosmopolitan.  I just don't get it why everything went so wrong for me.The bottom line is that if this next trip goes awry I will move up the street to Palazzo where I belong.  I really don't think the Cosmopolitan and I are going to be long term pals.
5	Love this hotel! All blinged out from the second you walk through those doors. Terrace Suite: 1 bedroom, 2 full bathrooms, balcony with gorgeous strip view, kitchen, living room. AWESOME! Decor: Breathtaking! Parking Structure: Out of this world crazy organized! Each spot has a light above indicating if the spot is available or taken. Alright, we didn't actually stay here, but were here for most of our trip this weekend. It was our friend's birthday, and we prepartied and hung out in her suite a lot. The suite absorbed 20 people. Definitely a great place to stay when you want to party it up in your room before heading out to the clubs or casinos.
4	I came here for one of the Black Keys concerts last month. I was super excited about the hotel after seeing what it looked like from the outside, if the design was that cool from afar, what would it be like inside? well everything is really beautiful, even the parking garage. There are featured artists (such as Shepard Fairey) pieces on the walls and lights indicating where free parking spaces are. The inside is beautiful. And I work for a sustainable architecture firm so when I heard that the building was sustainable, I was even more excited about the space! The different floors were all beautiful in their own way and the different places we stopped for drinks/food were delicious and the service was friendly. So the inside of the concert hall (The Chelsea) it was beautiful with chandeliers and great screens for the seated crowd. However the seats we were in were bleachers and not designed very well. The seats are so close to one another that the men next to us were well in our space. It also felt like it took forever to get out of the concert area when the show was over, despite all of the open spaces that they herded the crowd through to get out. All in all, I love the location and it is really aesthetically pleasing, however, I feel like they are still coordinating a few things since they opened so recently and maybe in the future for events will have things like the seating and crowds under control/updated.
4	This is one of the best hotels I've stayed at in Vegas. I booked a Terrace studio which was beautifully decorated, LARGE, modern and uber comfy.  The bed was to die for with a super thick down comforter and tons of fluffy pillows. The view of the city was amazing (overlooked the Bellagio fountains). Two large flat screen TVs were awesome & bonus that you can adjust the lighting and climate and order room service etc, right from the TV (even tells you if your door is locked or not!). Living room area had a nice sectional couch, desk, flat screen TV and coffee table, equipped with huge coffee table photo books. The bathroom was GREAT! Very large, 2 sinks, separate jacuzzi tub and HUGE shower.Check in was a bit irritating as they didn't have a Terrace room available when we first checked in, after asking again, the front desk clerk went to "talk to his manager" and the room was miraculously available all of a sudden, the same thing happened to the 3 other couples who were checking in at the same time. One star off for the treacherous walk to the East Tower from the front desk/valet area. I would comment on the night club, Marquee, but the guys in our group weren't  able to get in for free (hotel guests can get in free before 11 pm) since we got there too late. In my opinion, hotel guests should get in free 24-7.Lots of celebs were staying here, I ran into Snoop Dogg, Suge Knight, C-Lo Green etc. Not sure if that was a good thing  (because the skanky groupies follow!).All in all, this is a beautiful place to stay, very central on the strip with a very friendly and helpful staff. They do have a few kinks to work out, but definitely worth a try!
4	Beautiful hotel with decently friend staff. Came through this hotel to have dinner and visit Marquee. Great place to party and eat :)Highly recommend it
1	Never will stay again! Had the worst 3 nights in Vegas ever, nothing in the room worked and the staff couldnt have cared less. From the lights, tub, door, TV, phone, the maid service that didnt come,  NOTHING worked and it took at least 2 calls per issue to get something done! Beautiful place but it does not work and the staff couldnt give a shit! It even took 2 calls when I got home to get a manager who just did the "what can I do for you" bs like comp my room, I'm never going to stay there again!
5	Loved it here!My best-friend and I stayed in the Wrap-around suite 2 months back and i have to say, it was amazing!Beautiful decor!  Very modern!  Total sex hotel!  From the master bedroom, there are NO doors to the bathroom and who ever is showering, they are in plain view of anyone in the room.  I took a bubble bath my last day, and it was great.  So relaxing!There is a full kitchen that had not only a sink, but a freakin' oven and stove! I mean, I don't know who comes to vegas to cook, but damn was that impressive.  They even had a washer and dryer...crazy.My absolute favorite part was the BALCONY! Our view was spectacular!  I had a view of the entire strip.  On the living room side, was the City Center/Aria then on the other side Planet Hollywood was right in front of us and so was the rest of the strip.  Best view of my life!They also provided us with a turn-down service.  Legit.The casino is very fancy but gets very busy since its such a new hotel. We didn't go clubbing but I heard that people who stay at the Cosmo get in free to Marque.  I'll be back in a couple weeks to see how that goes. =)I did think it is actually quite small for a hotel, but if you stay in their wrap-around, you'll never want to leave your room. =)
3	This review is just based on walking through to get to Marquee.This place is very nice on the outside. On the inside, it's a little dark but nice and spacious as well. It was very crowded on a Saturday night.
5	All I wanted this weekend was to have a nice, relaxing yet slightly inebriated time with my boyfriend.  The Cosmo provided the perfect venue for everything I could possibly need and want.  After making some phone calls and speaking to the front desk, we got some nice upgrades and ended up with my ideal hotel room - a one bedroom terrace suite overlooking the bellagio fountains.  I tried my best to hold in the squealing until we actually made it to the room.  Staff and amenities were great, even the cleaning service was great (they managed to fix our room up twice in a day and even caught some quick tidying up when we were out for a couple hours for dinner).  I loved that our room was an atypical Vegas room with a kitchenette and balcony.We took advantage of staying at the Cosmo and checked out Marquee, the Wicked Spoon Buffet and the "secret" pizzeria (which also delivers until 3am for room service)!I loved our time at the Cosmopolitan and will hopefully go back again soon!
4	The Cosmopolitan is to Vegas Hotels what STK is to your "daddy's steak house."  It's hip, chic and currently, the place to be.  Its huge, well appointed rooms don't disappoint, and the generous terrace is something which you quickly learn you can't live without... especially if you are lucky enough to get one of the rooms with the view of the Bellagio fountains.  The Cosmo also boasts my favorite NYC restaurants, including STK, Milos and Blue Ribbon, as well Marquee, the hottest club in Vegas (as of 3/11).  The Chandelier is also a great meeting point and a terrific lounge if you're not feeling like the "chica chica boom" of the nightclub scene.  Oh, and then there's the brand new spa, with all the bells and whistles you never even dared to dream.  Ladies, if you're over 30, try the IS Clinical Age Defying Facial.  Not only will you leave there all glowy, tight-pored and beautiful, but it will be the most relaxing 65 minutes of your life (after the peel part is over).  All in all, you never have to leave the premises, as everything a hipster could possibly want is within one building.If there is a downside, as there always is, it's the housekeeping service.  There is no turndown service, even if you specifically ask for it.  If you're not out of your room by a certain time, don't expect it to be cleaned, regardless of how many hours the "please clean"  sign on your door begs for service... and even if you speak with someone live, it is no guarantee that the room will be cleaned after that magic, cleaning-staff-disappearing hour.  If you are fortunate enough to have your room cleaned, there is hardly any attention to detail.  Although I never felt that the room was dirty, sometimes dirty glasses were left around, mini-bar left-overs were left over longer than necessary and to my biggest chagrin, the cleaning person confused my own hair towel (which bore no resemblance to the hotel towels except in color only, and was purposely hidden underneath the hanging robe), with the hotel towels and took it.  So the moral of the story is get out early,  hide anything that might be confusing to the staff, wash your own glasses and throw all your mini-bar left overs out yourself.  This will ensure your own 5-star review of the property.
5	I have nooooo clue how I missed it but, I did...There's tvs (yes, plural,) pool tables, arcade games area in the pool deck!And a jacuzzi that can prolly hold 25 people.Ughh, this hotel...ohh-sooo-impressive!
5	We've stayed at the Terrace One Bedroom - Premium View a week ago, and it was~ AMAZING!The best features of the room were:1. Chic and modern spacious living room.2. A meticulously designed kitchenette with microwave and Sub-Zero mini-bar.3. Large mirrored closets with leather bench seating.4. Sliding glass doors open to an oversized private terrace, the view was incredible!5. A large, decadent bathroom features a sensuous Japanese soaking tub with a view of the skyline. 6.Flat Screen Televisions.7. CO Bigelow toiletries, and tooth brush!I'm really looking forward to stay here again in the future~
4	One would really never have to leave the hotel if they didn't want to.  Everything you could want is in this place.  The atmosphere is always great 24/7.  Holsteins is a great place to grab lunch, great drinks and fun servers.  The Henry was outstanding and the price was even better.  I've paid more at Chili's for crappy food.  I've already done a review for STK and we will be back.  I really didn't think I'd be staying anywhere but the Aria after last summer but Cosmo beats it pretty easily.  How awesome is that shower?  Everything about the rooms was great.
5	I can't say enough good things about this hotel! Down to the most intimate detail, this hotels was on point.  For a massive hotel that is servicing thousands of guests in a day, you still get the personalized service as if though you were staying in a much smaller hotel. The staff was fabulous!The design was indescribable. It was modern, detailed, insanely creative, thoughtfully/artfully crafted. You couldn't stop looking around you, whether you were hanging out in your room, relaxing at one of their bars, or taking your chances in the casinos. It was an endless feast for the senses.Their restaurants were delicious, we ate at the Wicked Spoon twice, and also China Poblano, the hidden pizza place & Blue Ribbon Sushi.  We tried out a few of their bars as well, Chandelier, Bond & Vesper. All had awesome service & creative drink specials. I could go on forever about our experience,  but I probably shouldn't. :) Just check it out next time you are in Vegas. It is expensive, but totally worth it!!
2	I would have to say that our experience at the Cosmopolitan in Las Vegas was the worst hotel experience I have ever had and I have a vague memory of staying at a dumpy hotel with a spring popping out of the mattress when I was an infant. And, for some reason my memory has no sheets on the mattress, Yes, Cosmopolitan was worse than that. Less than 24 hours there and a disaster of a stay.After some time at the Trump International we decided to check out Cosmopolitan. Trump was becoming too relaxing and we were feeling like we needed more of a night life and a few more restaurant choices. Judging by the commercials it was beautiful and everyone was glamorous and happy.We pulled into the valet and dropped off our bags with the attendant since there wasn't a bellman available - hmmmmm. Lately, check in times have been at 3pm - 1. This is because they have no house keeping, 2. because they want you to roam the casino and spend money gambling, eating, and drinking, extremely irritating! We got there at 1pm, knowing that they could add us to the queue for a room and we would just grab a drink and something to eat while waiting.The front desk took down our cell number, verified the number and promised to call us back at 3pm. Well; it was 315 and no phone call. Annoyed, we walked back across the casino and waited in line for someone at front desk. By the way, as we were walking still no phone call.The guy at front desk was very friendly, but it took more time to put us in a room. After he typed away for some time he issued us $150 room and beverage credit. That was nice of them.Prior to departing the front desk we asked for them to send up our bags. We got to our room about 4:00, waited 15 min for our bags, called and complained. We finally got them 45 minutes later. Ahhh, glad that's over. Now time to start our vacation!What's a little speed bump, just about to relax at 5pm and embark on our obsession with in-room movies when disaster strikes! You guessed it, unable to order in-room movies! Thank God the phone works so that we can call and complain about everything! Turns out they never checked us into the room completely. Since no one could solve the problem the manager got on the phone. With a flip of a switch, problem solved, turns out we have seen all the movies anyway. Ugh! Finally time for a quick nap before dinner. I was super excited that this beautiful room was not only equipped with a full kitchen, but also a washer and dryer. I desperately needed to get the wrinkles out of my top, so I decided to ghetto iron my shirt by throwing a damp cloth in the dryer with my top. Who needs the steamy, right? Immediately after doing so I realized that I threw them into the washer instead of the dryer, no problem I thought. Wrong! This washer absolutely refused to open. I'm pretty even tempered, but by this time I wanted to find a blunt object and bash in the washer! Frustrated, and having less than an hour to get ready, I got on the phone again. The front desk representative told me that the washer door would not open unless I run a cycle. Ugh, that wasn't gonna happen! So, she told me engineering will be up ASAP to open it. 15 min later and no engineering and let me tell you, I wasn't surprised! I called again, another 15 min passes still no engineering. Again, 15 min later still no engineering! I was going to have to take this into my own hands, meaning we Googled it and found the user manual. I guess this means I am an engineer. Flustered, I threw on my top and we headed out to meet our friends at Milos, the Greek restaurant located on the property. None of us knew how to get there and the nonexistent hotel staff and security wasn't making it any easier. There is a God, the service and the food was excellent. We will definitely be going back to Milos. After over stuffing ourselves we headed to the closest bar and had a couple drinks. We would have loved to stay a bit longer, but our food coma was slowly killing us. We couldn't wait to crawl into bed and crash. Massively Bloated ;) and sleepy we made it down the 300 degree hallway, only to find that our damn key cards didn't work! SERIOUSLY! By now I have reached my breaking point. Oh, should I say "boiling point" since the hallway is easily over 80 degrees. With that said, I stared down the endless hallway, took a deep breath of the humid hallway air, and embarked on the Bataan death march to the front desk. Shockingly one person was working the front desk and there was a line, we are talking DMV dejavuThis may come as a bit of a shock, but the next morning decided to check out, just had enough. I mean, what's next! Is the roof going to cave in on us! Even checking out the next morning was a 30 minute disaster on the phone trying to figure out how to apply the two credits we were given....continued on my blog....
5	My favorite place to stay in Vegas. Most rooms come with a private balcony with awesome views. Great service clean rooms great restaurants superb decor..Will definitely be back!
1	The Cosmopolitan is the bane of my existence. This hotel RUINED our stay in Las Vegas over New Years. They have horrendous customer service!!!! When we went to Marquee (the club there) we checked our coats and had to wait in line for THREE HOURS to get our stuff back and they still couldn't find one of the coats! We then went back the next day to try to get it back and that took another three hours. The staff there is poorly trained if at all and no one has any idea where anything is. They didn't refund our coat check money nor did they do anything to reconcile all the time and cab money spent we wasted at this godforsaken hotel. The decor is maybe the only cool thing about this place. Walk through for ten minutes and that's should be the extent of your Cosmopolitan exposure. It's clear this hotel shouldn't have opened as early as it did because it was clearly not ready for business. NOT RECOMMENDED. I refuse to step foot in there ever again!
4	I definitely enjoyed the interior design of this hotel - but just visited, did not stay there so can't speak as to the rooms, although I imagine they must be nicely appointed.  Walked through the hotel, had some dinner with friends, and sat at the tables for a little bit before hitting up Marquee for some drinks and dancing.All in all, I liked it a lot and hope to stay there as a guest on my next visit.
4	From what I could tell, this place is everything the Aria was hoping to be. Sexy decor, hip crowd, and money flowing in from all directions. Since we didn't stay here on this visit, I can't comment on the rooms, but I'm hoping to fix that sometime this summer.  I'm impressed!
5	BEST PLACE IN VEGAS!i will never stay anywhere else again!
4	Think Vegas finally got it right here-and not a moment too soon. That's at least my first impression. Let me start out by saying if you were underwhelmed by Aria and the initial opening of City Center like I was, Cosmo is substantially different enough to warrant a second look. Yeah, I saw the ad in Wall Street Journal back then, "so you're not a Vegas person?", funny it ran with stories of Harmon tower and sub-sub-contractor conflicts, but my skepticism was somewhat alleviated last night.My first pet peeve of the Strip is the inscrutable access to it, naturally, the Harmon access resolves that here. Next thing, detached parking garage with obligatory five minute walk, again, not so here, I managed to park underground right next to the elevator, a stunning less than a minute back up to casino level. Subtle suggestion vs. visual assault, Cosmo does very well in this category in that you understand it's a casino, but you might want to simply make a quick trip for coffee like me and don't want to walk through a gauntlet of slot machines. Sure, come for coffee, but just in case, we got an open seat for you on a hand of cards, nice! It's happening on a Monday?! I've never been anywhere happening on a Monday night! That's right, that's g-r-a-d-u-a-t-e student. Meaningful signs! I was able to follow the signs directly to the Ve Bene caffe, they were even in a nice, legible typeface. The coffee was great! Chiaroscuro Mocha really hit the spot and it was open till 11pm (let's try for 12 am now?).There's a Chinese place that had a bright fluorescent OPEN sign as I walked out. I hear there's a paella pit at Jaleo which necessitates further research. Cosmo will certainly earn a fifth star upon verification.
2	Yes, this place is brand new and super classy and hip, but the service is HORRIBLE!  I went here to see The Strokes at the Chelsea, and first of all, no one knew where the venue was.  We must have asked at least 3 different employees and no one knew, or they gave us false information, and the first guy we asked was super rude and condescending.  Once inside the venue, we waited forever for the show to start.  We waited for hours for the musicians to come on, and not only that but there were several fights that broke out in the pit area, and the staff did nothing to stop them!  They merely looked on from the outside and pretended they couldn't tell who the culprits were.  They were incompetent at best.  The musicians played an amazing show, but I would definitely not return to this venue again.
4	Quick trip through here and wanted to try out the new kid on the block. Some mixed feelings, but overall the rooms are so superb (plus some unusual features for Vegas) and the design so interesting that I'll go with four stars. The lobby has lots of columns with digital images on them. It's definitely a distinctive feel compared to other Strip joints. Check-in did seem a little slow--thankfully there weren't many people ahead of me. I would not want to be here at a busy check-in time. When I got into the room (not until 4pm on a Wednesday, so don't plan on early check-in), it was literally stunning. It's really like a mini-condo more than a hotel room. All open with the living area at the door anchored by a huge curved sofa against the wall. The flat-screen is ginormous even by fancy hotel standards. There's a large closet and dressing area, then the bedroom beyond with a very comfortable bed and two cool circular bedside tables. Adjacent to that is... well, I hesitate to call it a bathroom. It's more a bathing area. You've got your sinks and WC, then through a glass door, a huge open shower area with opalescent tiles and beyond a step-up-and-in tub with a window overlooking the Strip. And where else in Vegas can you play with your rubber ducky and peruse the changing light on Paris and the Aladdin at the same time, I ask you? The tub is a terrific feature, though it's not a Jacuzzi and the levels of the two benches were not great for me. One too high (cold nipples), one too low (hard to hold a book out of the water). And getting in and out could be a production if you've had a cocktail or six.  There's also a terrace with the same view and a rounded-back lounger. The terrace is generously-sized. NOTE: The room described is the Terrace Studio Suite. If you're gonna stay here, spring for a room with a terrace. There's just nothing else with outdoor space on the Strip for mere mortals except the Imperial Palace and well...Poked around the restaurant area (mostly on the third level) and had a late lunch at Comme Ca. Typical French bistro fare, well-prepared but nothing really distinctive. None of the restaurants really seemed to have a distinctive feel to me, but that was just from poking my head in. Most are open to the central area so you can survey them all. There is a distinctive bar set-up, with the chandelier that rises through several levels. It's hard to describe this feature except that it is beautiful and elegant and lends a continuity to the different levels of the hotel. Nearby, Julian Serrano at the Aria is still a fantastic spot to nibble your way through a tapas lunch--anything seafood I've ever had there is fantastic. The white sangria is heaven, and if you sit at the bar, the staff is a font of local inside scoop. Next door to that, Todd English's P.U.B. is still going gangbusters and has friendly beer-wenches in Hooters-esque gear slinging a wide variety of suds.
4	Looks: Extremely nice.  My wife and I go to Vegas 3 times a year, we have stayed at every hotel on the strip and Cosmo is by far the nicest we have stayed at. We got a special suite that has an out door balcony that wrapped around our hotel room, it had 3 sliding doors, that's how long it was. 2 full bathrooms, 2 large LED TV's and a kitchen.  The casino is very nice, it is very modern and definitely appeals to a younger, more hip crowd. At night there is a club pool side, although this sounds nice, it can be tough to sleep with the music pounding outside your window.Service: Practically impossible to get a drink. The waitress came around maybe once every 50 minutes.  I spent a lot of money gambling, I should get drinks faster then that.Food: There many many places to eat, pretty expensive and you get the feel of it as soon as you walk in the casino. Everything just feel more expensive, kind of of like the Bellegio and The Wynn.  Overall, I really enjoyed the place. We got a special promotion of $300 free slot play and $275 free food, don't know how much less I would of liked the stay there if I was actually paying for it? But It was very nice and it feels good sometimes to relax in a place way out of your normal life.  A very high class modern casino/hotel that plays dancing music all through the night. I would stay there again if they gave me the same free promotion, otherwise, I probably cannot afford it.And, no sports book! What's up with that?
5	There is no enough words to say about this hotel. Outstanding design and technology. Congratulations!
4	Damn, look at all these fancy important'e looking people.  I feel so cool just walking around in a place showered by chandeliers that engulfs a bar right at the center.  Men all suited up, women all glammed up with tight ass dresses, while I walk as if I was invisible because my attire smells of sales rack at TJ Max or Ross, but damn it I make it look good!This place is just like how Juvenile the rapper would quote it, "you Fancy huh".  With Celeb sightings left and right (50 cent, Floyd Gayweather, Carrot Top, does he count?, etc), this place you know is full of Gold Diggers.  Man I couldn't get any play here cuz girls here will look what's in your pants and I'm not talking about them sizing your sausage but your wallet instead.Even the parking lot shines out with Obey mural wall paintings and lights that tell you if the spot is taken or not.  Very nice and clean hotel and 3rd floor includes popular Secret Pizza Place which serves Ny style pizzas.  At night, Marquee is no doubt the main reason youngins migrate here like a bunch of crazy wilderbeasts in unorganized lines outside of the entrance blocking walkways in that area.  They need to set up a system to make it more organized.  Shopping areas aren't as big as the Forum in Caesars, Luxor, Miracle Mile, and other shopping district in the area.  I have taken a tour though of the pools that have not yet been open and I can tell you it's the nicest setups I've seen in the strip.Overall it's a nice high end hotel that will attract all the fancies in town.  Not my type of crowd but I will not be bias on my review, so if you like to dress up in brand name, drop bills on expensive ass drinks, and floss your blings and feel important status wise in life, this place is the joint to be in! I'll stick with the scumbags and hipsters in downtown Vegas.
4	I didn't get to stay here, but I sure wanted to.  I had a blast feeling like a gaudy rich girl with the ginormous chandelier.  I actually wanted to hate it because of their TV commercials, but at the same time, I liked those damn commercials.  It was new and shiny when I went a couple months back, so I hope they are able to keep this up.I like that the place is not super big, but still large enough to feel like you are in a vegas casino.  Ok, well it's big, but compared to other places in Vegas, it wasn't overwhelming.  The casino floor was manageable and they had some fun slot machines...of course.I also checked out the Wicked Spoon Buffet (to be reviewed separately) and for a buffet, I thought it was pretty good.  I don't generally like to eat at buffets, but I was with mom, and she is into buffets. :)I can't wait to get back there and knock back a few cocktails.And be fancy with the chandelier.  See you soon Cosmopolitan.
5	Very Very Awesome!!! We stayed here for 1 night. One of the best hotels ever!
4	Recently stayed at the Cosmopolitan in one of the wraparound  terrace suites. The room was awesome, very big with a huge terrace and amazing views of the Bellagio fountains. You could tell the hotel was brand  new because some of the complimentary items were still in plastic. They had PBR and Red Stripe in the fridge, my personal favorites. The hotel check in process is kind of painful as the automated system is still not fully up and running but other than that, this hotel is the place to stay in Vegas now. Def not for kids, its an adult playground that turns into a giant club on the weekends.
5	- Great limo service: Our limo driver picked us up right on time and was waiting for us at the aiport :) - we had ONE mishap where the limo driver picked up the wrong couple (turns out they had the SAME color outfit we had on. the Mr. had on a gray sweater and I had on black trainers... and i guess the other couple wore something similar... and get this... they were going to the cosmo too!! lol what a trip that was.... and both that guy and my mr. had the same name)- Our host: Mr. Webster (great man indeed) greeted us at the door, got our room keys ready, escorted us to our room, made our reservations, got our limo ready, etc- The hotel staff : excellent staff very professional. Prompted right away to get us what we needed.- The spa: http://www.yelp.com/biz/sahra-spa-and-hammam-las-vegas#hrid:BpEFh2x1CGE6uFNV4xXkVA- The hotel itself: Wow, absolutely stunning hotel. The colors the crystals.... everything about it was so elegant and luxurious... But hey it's vegas... They have a restaurant here called The Blue Ribbon - try their Wagyu beef.... trust it's worth the money :D http://www.yelp.com/biz/blue-ribbon-sushi-bar-and-grill-las-vegas#hrid:vVdz6E_nvPZCrQeCz1o46w/src:self
4	LOVING THIS PLACE!!!!! Free Wi Fi inside the casino. Like Lu E. I wanted to hate the place because of the stupid assed commercials and the snooty pretentious way that they insist on being called The Cosmopolitan rather than just the Cosmo. I have not fully explored the place, but I will definitely be back, even if it is on the Strip
4	good bye venetian...HELLO COSMOPOLITAN!!!wow what an amazing experience. i LOVE LOVE LOVE this hotel!it's so modern and trendy...makes sense i found out a german bank owns this hotel...the staff was so friendly and helpful it was a great experience.the restaurants in this hotel are also awesome (look for my reviews on the buffet, D.O.C.G., and the pizzeria)we got the 1 bedroom terrace: had an awesome view, japanese soaking tub with an attached shower, mini kitchen, king sized bed and living room. it's smaller than venetian/palazzo, but so much more trendy :] the lighting, temperature everything is controlled w/ the TV remote so cool!!!there is one thing that was horrible: MARQUEE! omg!!! we were on the 37th floor on the east side tower facing the pool...you can literally hear marquee til 5 AM! it was horrible. the second night we wanted to move rooms, but they didn't have our room so we just asked for ear plugs...GHETTO. i will NEVER stay on that side of the hotel. so if you're a party animal then you'll probably enjoy it...but i came to eat, relax, and gamble :]speaking of gambling...the tables have decent limits (min: $10-$15) a lot of slots!!! ranging from pennies to hundreds lol. the gambling was amazing! i loved the selection!!!also there are a lot of bars! the chandelier bar was amazing!!! it was so pretty and elegant...so high class/trendy! loved it...didn't check out the other bars but definitely will next time. definitely worth your money! check it out you won't be disappointed (but remember EAST SIDE TOWER FACING POOL = LOUD!!!!!!!!)OH YEA! almost left out the most important thing...at this casino sign up for the identity card even if you don't gamble. every dollar you spend money at (bars, restaurants, shops, rooms anything inside cosmo) you get a point! which means you can get free food, gambling money, even rooms! a good tip! take it...i won't charge you :P
5	Was just here for my second time on Saturday and all I can say is this place is too cool for school. The Vegas strip casino for all you hipsters out there. I mean i heard this place was going for the younger, chic crowd, and they nailed it for sure. Both times I was there it seemed no one looks over 40 in this place, unless they are working there. I mean it had the young crowd of the Palms and HardRock, but without the Barbie and Ken types that make those places annoying. First time i was there, I went for the Black Keys show back on feb. 20th, while the venue itself, the Chelsea was just a ballroom with bars on the side, the show was great, but not rating that here though. Walked around before the show and was just amazed by design and architecture of the whole place. Got drunk at the show off Glenmorganie Scotch for $10 a drink, which is reasonable. Went home, happy times. On Saturday I was back to there Book and Stage bar. My buddy told me of a free show for Robert Randolph & The Family Band. Pulled into self parking, which is very cool in itself, all floors have a sign showing you the number of spots left on that floor, and have arrows pointing you to where the spots are, because sensors are above every space, knowing whether its open or closed, then all the elevators have murals by famous graffiti artists, but I digress. Had a great time at the Book and Stage, Robert Randolph & The Family Band put on an awesome show, but best part was the beer selection. It was amazing, I had a Dogfish Head 90 minute IPA and a Trappistes Rochefort 8  for $7 each. You can hardly find the Trappistes for under $4 in a liquor store, if they even have it. So to have it at your center bar, for $7 during a free concert, well you get 5 stars for the whole hotel just for that.
1	The bar Chandelier at Cosmopolitan is TERRIBLE. One of our friends, who was over 21, did not plan to drink, and so did not bring her ID to the bar. But the female server asked for an ID - which is of course fine. That's the law. She's required to do that.The problem was her attitude. That bitchy attitude of playing down the customers to feel better about herself. She basically KICKED OUT the whole group because of ONE person, who did not even order drinks.The funny thing is that she did not even ask for IDs to other people. Which is why I think my argument that her attitude is so disconcerting is totally valid.If she had asked us to leave in a more polite way, it would have been fine. She did not even come to take orders for more than 15 minutes.Besides, the signs in the whole hotel don't even indicate where the restrooms are. This is something really basic and I wonder how this hotel got early raves.This is a pretty new hotel and I would first get the staff educated before spending all the revenue on countless chandeliers. The fact that they don't even have a number for customer service on their website just shows how careless they are about their staff education and the feedback of their customers.There are much better hotels all throughout Las Vegas, for the same money. Some of them are even nice to customers who aren't even staying at their hotel. So please be wise and spend precious money and time somewhere else. You deserve it.
4	I just returned from a three night stay at the Cosmopolitan. I must say that it is rare I wish I was STILL in a hotel room. The Cosmopolitan did just that. The hotel itself is a marvel. It is pristine, new, and jaw-droppingly gorgeous. But, like anything brand new, not without its faults.The room itself was spectacular. Cutting edge design, gorgeous furniture, great bath products by Bigelow, and a bed that will make you wish you could sleep all day and night. The room was entirely automated by one of the two large Samsung LCD televisions (more on that later). The books displayed everywhere was an amazing touch, and I loved the wallpaper, steamer trunk, and artwork. After hundreds of hotel rooms, this may be one of my favorite ones....There were, however, some faults. There were some stains on the couch. I won't tell you what the stains reminded me of....There were leftover spaghetti noodles on the carpet from a previous guest (hello, vacuums), and the housekeeper seemed a little out of it and unsure as to what he was doing. I am not sure why a Miele dishwasher was actually in the room. It didn't seem to serve a purpose other than to say "Wow, there is a Miele dishwasher in my room". The tub was rather fabulous and the shower would melt away any cares from the most staunch water conservationist. Heaven. Really. The Kallista sinks were beautiful and the separate water closet was a nice touch The televisions, though,didn't work all the time and seemed 'frozen' for lack of a better word. Also, noise was an issue for us coming from the night club.55 floors up, we could still hear the night club on a Saturday night. It was LOUD. Be warned. You will hear it until 4:00am when they close. (and that's coming from the "Beck and Call" person we called).Overall, I highly recommend the hotel, the casino, and the restaurants, which were all great. I attended a large conference there and I must say that the entire staff, from start to finish, were all stellar. I can RARELY say that.The Cosmopolitan hasthe potential to be truly amazing. They just need to work out a few kinks. But, still, to me, one of the top 2-3 hotels in Vegas.
5	If you're looking for luxury, look no further.  The Cosmopolitan is fabulous!  Amazing architecture & design, cool layout, good use of space and more decadent than you could ever imagine.  The hotel rooms are exquisite, but if you're looking to splurge, upgrade to one of the beautiful, opulent suites.  The restaurants are on the higher end, but if you're a "foodie" like me, your palate will appreciate every single bite.  There are also fabulous bars located everywhere in the Cosmopolitan, it's worth a trip to stop by a few of them to try out the signature cocktail offerings.  The Marquee nightclub is also a must-see!  There is NO other spot like it!
5	VIDEO of our stay: http://vimeo.com/21425892We saw the original commercial and then decided to stay at the hotel because it looked so awesome. It turns out that the majority of the commercial was shot on a set so we couldn't even replicate the actual scenes. Regardless we had fun and that hotel is so fresh.
5	By far, the best experience in Las Vegas. The terrace rooms are unbelievable! With spectacular views and plenty of room to roam, the terrace rooms are your own private get-away in the heart of Vegas. The pool areas and amenities are also great! When I first walked out by one of four pools I felt like I was on a cruise ship in the middle of the Caribbean. Warm weather, pool tables, ping pong, foosball, drinks, hot tubs, and a huge pool with plenty of relaxing seating.  As a person who enjoys the night life but also spending quiet time in my room, this is the perfect place for you. The Cosmopolitan boutique hotel is also perfectly situated in the fantastic city center area - located right in the middle of the strip, next to the Bellagio. And no, I do not work for the Cosmopolitan or have any relation with this organization.
4	SWANKY...! Location is great. Only gripe would be that the lay out of the bathroom isn't great. If you're short then you'll need a ladder to get into the tub.We got a room that faced the front of the Bellagio which was great bec we could see the water show from our balcony. Our sliding glass door that leads to the balcony got stuck and while my husband tried to pry it open it came off it's hinges (oops!) we called the front desk and they sent someone up right away to take care of it. The guy who came up to fix it said it happens often, so be careful with that door. There was also a few stains on the balcony floor, which is not really a big deal but if you're spending that kind of $$ on a place I'd expect it to be spotless.
4	Girl Talk was performing at the outdoor Boulevard Pool area the night I came to The Cosmo. It was a freaking awesome concert, even though it was windy and cold as hell outside. One thing I really like about this hotel is that they have a giant LED screen outside the hotel that shows you all the main events going on live and Girl Talk was no exception.The entire hotel is VERY swanky and has so much art and other cool stuff to stupidly gawk at (ie: the three story Chandelier Bar which is made with $30 million worth of real crystals. No wonder everybody complains about Vegas' economy-maybe you shouldn't spend that much building a bar lol). The location is also very awesome. My only gripe is that this place is definitely way out of my budget (probably to help pay for that bar haha). Good luck trying to find a table for less than $50 on the weekends.However, when I become a millionaire, you better believe I'll be hanging out with the equally swanky 20 something-year-old glamour gods and goddesses the hotel tries to cater to.
4	Loved my 5 night stay here.  From the slots (paid me well), drinks, food, ambiance, rooms, pools (OMG), shopping...well everything was fabulous as it should be.Room: well appointed, spacious, & lush with amenities.  Everything could be done from your TV...order room service, reservation with in house restaurant, appointment with spa, or simply check out.Restaurants: Tried Holsteins and Wicked Spoon Buffet (see separate reviews).  Good.Casino:  Loved the vip treatment.  I was never short a drink as I played into the wee hours and sometimes made a little money.**my one complaint is I left a NICE pair of sunglasses in my room when we checked out.  I called from the cab and was transferred to a voicemail upon which I left a detailed message.  I hear no response and called again to be transferred to someone in security who's exact words at that time "I could do that but I am not going to"  WTF?  I simply asked him to inquire per the person who cleaned our room that day.  He refused.  I called again and got supposedly the man in charge.  He apologized profusely.  Reviewed lost & found...nothing found.  Promised to follow up with me as they had been having problems with customers stating they left things and nothing is turned in...really?  He never called me back.  Bad!
4	Absolutely beautiful casino hotel!  Everything was very hip and high end and fun.  The Chandelier Bar was amazing - you really feel like you're in the middle of a chandelier.  Great atmosphere, tasty drinks, waitresses in skimpy clothes - what more could you want in a Vegas casino bar?  Only issue: a few of my friends are cigar smokers and could only do so on level one.The rooms are amazing.  My friend and I had a 2-queen room that was decorated beautifully and had a great view of the Bellagio fountains.  On a Thursday we were able to check in early at around 11AM no problem.  however a friend was staying in one of the more popular 1-bedroom suite rooms and that one didn't offer any early check in.  The suite was to die for beautiful though.  Private terrace patio, a deep soaking tub with a terrific window view.  It even had a dishwasher (not sure if that's standard or not).  My only complaint about the rooms is that they had a coffee machine, but you had to pay for the coffee from the minibar.Ate lunch at Holstein's - great burgers and milkshakes (I had a burger called the Longhorn that had BBQ brisket on top of it - amazing!).   Had a yummy brunch at Henry's - the Cinnamon Roll French Toast was to die for!The only reason I'm giving the Cosmo 4 stars instead of 5 is that gambling was definitely more expensive here than at other casinos (we went to Bellagio and Planet Hollywood to gamble).  Table minimums were mostly $25 and up, with tons of tables even higher - $50 and up.  But if you're a high roller or a non-gambler, that won't be a problem.  Overall, I think this is a fabulous place to stay and to hang out.
5	Just returned from a business conference in Las Vegas for a week.  I can't say enough about this great hotel.  First, a shout out to Eric at the front desk, who took great care of me and made sure I got a great room with an awesome view.  The room was amazing, comfortable, clean, and the bed was crazy comfortable.  Having a terrace was a huge plus. Everyone in the hotel was very helpful (and I am a bit of a snob about that kind of stuff) and bent over backwards to make sure things were as they should be.  Will return here again and again on future business and personal trips to the Strip.
4	Simply put. The Cosmopolitan is the newest, hippest, "place to be" in Las Vegas at the moment, and for good reason.Hotel: We stayed in both a regular 2 Double Bed room, and a Studio Suite, both the same size, but different lay outs.  Studio Suites w/ a view are amazing, but contain couches +1 King bed, a balcony, sink/fridge/microwave, and a large bathroom.  Why isn't this place for kids?  The shower.  Every room has a window looking into the bathroom, probably not the best idea for friends, but perfect for couples.  There also pictures of "sexy-feet" throughout the hallways, and sex is just layed out everywhere... right down to the concierge saying "Hi this is ______ at your beck and call" sexy.  The double bed room, where we stayed, was just for 1 night, because they overbooked...they gave us $100 credit for the inconvenience though (used gratefully @ the bar downstairs).Marquee: First off, let's get one thing straight, 'Vegas on a budget' means you ain't doing it right.  To party, live, and be like a baller...you're gonna have to make some sacrifices.  With tax+tip, its around $600/bottle for every 2 guys on the patio, and climbs higher as you get closer to the danc floor.  Outside is a $2000 minimum per table, and we had 9 guys...roughly $300/pp.  But this place is crackin.  The main stage is decent sized, but its all the various rooms, nooks, crannies, dance floors that make this place huge.  So many places/things/ladies to do!If you ain't got bottles or boobs, u will probably not get in.  VIP/guestlist line is almost as long as the regular line, and if you're not there by 8:30, u mind asd well go somewhere else.  People wait in upwards of 3 hours to get in, and don't...so don't set yourself up for dissapointment. If you wanna come in and party, be ready to pay the price.  This place is overall awesome.  Expensve, but awesome.  Style wise, party wise, and guest wise...this place holds up to "Just the right amount"
4	VERY COOL AND HIP ATMOSPHERE!  Awesome interior design.  Viewed a suite and it was amazing with floor to ceiling windows all over!  Very cool designer furniture as well.
5	This was my hotel for my first time in Vegas. I was there for a conference, and it was great! The vibe, the decor, the people were all great. Best place was Bond Bar, followed closely by Wicked Spoon Buffet. Being the newest hotel it's hard to not be hip. I went to a few other places like Paris, Bellagio and NY, NY and they all seemed so old. When I go back to Vegas again chances are I will stay here at the Cosmo!
5	If Sex and the City was to create a casino, it would be this place. It's glitzy and pink, and makes you think of Carrie and Samantha. Cool bands play here for free. There are lots of great restaurants. The pool area is nice. The parking garage is superior to most others. There's a secret pizzeria. You can get original art from vintage cigarette machines for $5. There's a fun lounge area with free pool and an actual record player. It's got a bar inside a giant chandelier. And all of the bars actually have good beer. So yeah, it's awesome.
3	Cosmopolitan hotel is not completely ready for prime time. I think they opened it up early because it was well behind the original construction schedule and they needed to make money quickly. Phone and TV didn't work in several rooms--we had to switch. Service is questionable. And all of the IT systems are dysfunctional.Now, there are also a lot of pros as well, if you aren't spending a lot of time in the room. The casino is great. Great design, very personal, excellent dealers. Also, the casino is a lot cleaner compared to MGM, NY NY, Monte Carlo, etc. The sports lounge (not the sports book) is the best place I have seen in Vegas to watch games. Great waitresses.If you are into nightlife, the clubs are rocking, but probably takes some work to get in.  Clearly, it's THE place to be. Basically, if you are 25 - 35 years old I could see a lot of appeal in staying here--less particular about the rooms and more into the scene.My recommendation is to stay elsewhere until these guys get it together. I'm guessing that a year from now they will sort it out. You could do worse in Vegas, but this place should be better.MRW
2	I hope it gets better with time, like a fine wine.  But the first sip of this new property was a bit underwhelming.  The approach is not smooth.  The designers must have forgotten this was in Vegas.  The cab approach and departure is far too congested and dangerous as well, with drunk pedestrians stumbling into the flow of traffic.The signage on the interior leaves a little to be desired.The clientele seemed to be a hodge podge, but leaned on the young, first time in vegas with alcohol poisoning crowd.They only got a second star because we stumbled into some amazing people who were also checking it out for the first time.
4	The hotel is WOW.  Stayed there in January and it was still getting the "Kinks" out I would say.  No adapters for international travelers (sign of a great hotel ;-)  We had a super glitch on check in which took forever, but we were upgraded to a view of the Bellagio fountains, so all good.The pools seem like they will be awesome in the summertime!  All in all cool new place on the strip, food was pretty good, club is overcrowded and line ridiculous, but there again, its Vegas.
4	I want to start off by saying -- This Hotel has one of the "Snazziest-Uber-Chic- Feel like a superstar Driveway"The Lobby = Talk about uber chic, very nicely done, i specifically liked the digital art that wrapped the pillars in the lobby - it's somehow hypnotic, entertaining and fascinating. The walls of the lobby are pretty cool as well - I assume it's vinyl made to look like leather...very butch! ha ha (kidding) actually look pretty classy.The lobby is not that extravagant nor that big but who sits around and lingers for a long time in the lobby???...Hello, you're in Vegas - can't sit around and watch  the bubbles pop in that hypnotic digital art.The rooms - Very nice, it's the kind of bed you'd wanna sleep all day but then again you're in vegas that bed was really meant to be slept in during the day time because you party all night :DIt's the kind of bed tha'll make you curse and cuz the next time you stay at a motel 6 - there's just no comparison :)Had a great time at this hotel, we really enjoyed our stay, however, if there's one thing I could seriously complain about is...you have to pay for every single darn thing in your room...yes even for coffee. So if you don't want to spend $5 for a morning coffee, you just look that coffee maker in the eye (I mean at that teasing little screen) and just tell "IT" "you are not going to get a buck out of my wallet"
5	Very chic and hip - loved the design from the lobby, elevators to the all of the chandeliers - the rooms were fantastic. Great choice of restaurants, bars and people-watching.Bathrooms have a viewing window from the bedroom....haha...very interesting. Mini-bars are stocked with binoculars (I immediately closed by drapes!) and Sensual Packs aka condoms....Vegas has so much edgy humor - I love it! I will be back to stay here!
5	I absolutely LOVE the Cosmopolitan.I went here to spend my 21st birthday (it is a MUST) here with some friends and family and I have to say, staying at the Cosmo was the best choice ever.It didn't start off smoothly though, they placed me in the Terrace One Bedroom without the premium view and switched me to another one facing the City Center. One problem - the room wasn't entirely clean.Called the front desk and got transferred over to a lovely young lady (whose name I wil not state) who upgraded me to the TWO BEDROOM SUITE THAT IS NOT AVAILABLE FOR REGULAR GUESTS.That room is the size of an apartment if not LARGER. I almost wanted to spend my entire 3 days there in my suite but of course, I didn't. The rooms alone just FEEL fresh. It is nice to know you are sleeping in a bed that hasn't been there for over a year. The staff is friendly and consistently called to ensure that everything in my room was right seeing that I was switched a total of 3 times.To make the trip even better they sent 2 complementary mojitos and chocolate covered strawberries up to my suite :] Talk about amazing customer service!If you're going to go to Vegas, you must go big or go home. With that being said, everything in the Cosmopolitan is more expensive than in other hotels I have stayed at. Room service, restaurants, you name it, it'll seem a bit more pricy; however, this is the newest hotel on the strip with the best chic looking casino floor anyone can imagine.A word about Marquee, IT IS A MUST. Arrive early and get on the guest list.I don't know how it would feel if I were standing in that ridiculous line, but I can imagine you wouldn't be buzzed by the time you get in. Lucky for us, we had the connections and went straight in :]If you're going to Vegas, stay at Cosmo. Not because it is THE place to be, but because nothing else compares after you've spent a weekend or two there. The Cosmopolitan experience is priceless.
5	The Cosmo, let's go.  Although we live in Vegas, we chose to wait until the weather got a bit warmer to stay, so that we could just kick back on the terrace, enjoy some wine and chill.  The 20 pictures I loaded in will attest to the overall comfort of the Tower Suite, the amazing views and just a beautiful amibence. Living in town, we can eat, club or whatever at anytime. What we like to do with a room is......check in, go up to the room and have a drink or two and enjoy some personal time. Next is take advantage of the great showers and tubs, get cleaned up and go down to the casino. We both played and won a little, saw a kick-ass rock band in one of the bars and got upstairs at 2:00am. Ordered up room service which is flat out great here both with service and food, ate it on the terrace while loving the view and then start over and sleep. Wake up and get some more room service, it's too good to go out for. Then down to check out, make the long 10 minute drive and we are home. That to us is a perfect sta-cation and the Cosmo moves right up to the top of the list for a return visit.Just a few shout out's to people, who if you are lucky to meet, will make your stay that much more perfect.....Devon at the front desk, the desk manager, Lana, Karen and Kim in the housekeeping department, Rudy, who brings all that great food up to the room and lastly, Connie, one of the casino hosts who was most helpful and friendly.All in all a Big 5 Stars to this newest property in our great town.
5	My husband and I travel quite a but... but this hotel is creme de la creme... our room had a terrace, the coziest bed. We loved the way we could change the lighting, temp of room and more via our tv. The service is great. This hotel makes you want to dress up again! Super Swank, Super Sexy .The only downside, i heard the club music @ 2,3, and 4am in the morning.
5	Beautiful!!! This is where im gonna stay next time!! The decor and furniture is ohhh sooo chic.
4	This place is darn nice.  Comfortable rooms, great furniture, nice staff, good food.  Our friends stayed in one the fancy rooms (2 bedroom terrace suite) and all I can say was AMAZING.  Marquee was fun, good music, extremely crowded but we had a table so didn't have to fight the crowds.  There are three pools in this place, only 1 was open.  I would love to go back this summer and check out the Day Club.  When in Vegas go all out and you could totally do this at this place.  I would for sure stay here again!
4	The best thing about this hotel are the fabulous rooms. We got a Terrace One Bedroom with a premium view which was definitely worth it, because of the cool balcony. Just make sure you try to get one in the West Tower. The ones in the East Tower are a little too close to the club, which has an outdoor patio with speakers. There are a number of great attractions within walking distance and the architecture is amazing. Definitely the newest hot spot on the strip. Why four stars? The hotel is huge and can be confusing and easy to get lost in. The entrance to Marquee was the stairs of the fire exit which we had to climb a few flights before getting there, but once we were there it was worth it.
4	Just opened up New Year's 2011! It's very glamorous theme is feminine/girly but still enjoyable. You feel like you're walking through some sleek, sexy jungle of crystals. Very new and contemporary. I feel like it's the new hotspot for everyone to go now.The rooms are definitely appealing. Very spacious and extra amenities than other hotels. Every room has a kitchenette besides the City Room (room with two queen beds) and almost every room has an balcony terrace with an awesome view.Fun fact: The building (casino/hotel) was originally constructed for condominiums, permanent residents and so forth. However, the contract didn't go through about half-way and so it was bought by the Autograph Collection and transformed into the glammy, sexy casino with spacious hotel rooms.
1	Don't gamble here.  It's like your a little kid at a carnival and all the games are rigged.
4	Stunning!  Looks and good service!I'm not a Vegas person. I'm not someone who goes to Vegas every chance I get...every long weekend, holiday break, or celebration is not automatically cause for going to Vegas in my mind. I've had friends who do...and I've participated but its not my thing...This hotel makes me want to re-evaluate that. This place is fantastic. And I was not even a hotel guest!!! I didn't stay here but I did just spend 4 days allover this b**** attending a conference.  One long-a** conference.  Spending 12+ hours here for work.  Anyways, my review is of the hotel in general, their event spaces & service, catering, staff and bars/lounges. Just to get this out of the way, the drinks everywhere we went were totally fantastic. Fun, inventive, unique, tasty and strong!!!  This opinion may be partially biased because my drinks were 1.) also largely free (during conference evening "networking" receptions and/or paid for by my work) and 2.) I imagine there is probably some concerted effort to generally keep the business travelers/conference-goers "happy" and liquored up and more likely to hit the hotel's bars, dining spots, and casinos after the daily conference events are over, where they'll probably spend more money since they can "expense" some of their costs. Anyways, mucho kudos for the stiff drinks and the fun mixes. (Check out the "adult vitamins" at Holstein's!) As everyone has noted, the ambiance and decor are amazing. Its a good-looking hotel. Lots of beautiful glass and shiny metal work. Very pretty and modern. But also not too cold. Just the right amount of plushness and dark leather to feel some warmth.  Very with the times, electronic displays for hotel directories and info. Lots of chandeliers. Check out "The Chandelier", which apparently is the world's largest chandelier....something like 3.5 stories tall!   The pretty light fixtures in the conference rooms make a nice distraction when you're bored during an afternoon workshop.Service was decent in the hotel in general. The staff in the lobby, casino floor, valet, taxi stand, general "public" areas of the hotel were always friendly, attentive and seemed to make their best effort towards helping you out. The catering/event staff still met the friendliness/sincerity mark but unfortunately they seem to have a lot of kinks in their processes that need to be worked out. That has nothing to do with their politeness & what-not but the wait staff/catering crews seemed a bit uncoordinated and less than methodical in their set-up & workflow coordination.  Whoever is coordinating or attempting to manage the crew and oversee the set-up/layout for some of the receptions and luncheons needs to rethink some of their strategies and layouts.The food from the catering crew was definitely way better than their service/strategy.  I had no complaints about the event food and neither did any other fellow conference go-ers. Everyone seemed to love the food!  Lunch had a great variety of vegetarian and carnivore options. Fresh salads. Attempts at innovative combinations. Their versions of snack breaks were really cute!  They included some different items for workshops breaks that I haven't seen at a conference/hotel venue before. Different, interesting & more fun than normal. I love getting cookies and coffee at conferences but the Cosmo did it even better...caramel popcorn, candy bar assortments, handmade potato chips, clif bars, red bull & sodas!  It was a welcome surprise! Pros: Decor, catering food, strong/creative alcoholic beverages, friendly service, people-watching, location, style, for now I hear they are loose and fast with free room upgrades on weekdays. Cons: Catering staff/crew has some kinks to work out in their system, crowded in the evenings, can get a bit crowded in the evenings.If I was a Vegas person, I would stay here. For Vegas lovers, this is definitely a must.
1	If it was possible to give a zero star I would if everyone save for one guy (more on him later) wasn't so nice at this hotel.Look The Cosmo is a beautiful, hip, fun hotel and I feel like in a year they could be a really great place to stay. The rooms are beautiful and big (we were "staying" in a one bedroom suite). The shops (ALL SAINTS!!!!), restaurants, and art is great/cool. They play fantastic music everywhere you are at. However, they really need to pull their shit together. We got there at 3 and stood in a line for 35-45 minutes to check in. (A little excessive for a sunday if you ask me, but whatever we are stoked for the cool hotel we are staying in.) Then we get up to the front desk, and a lovely girl let us know our room isn't ready. No big deal, we got a identity card, loaded our stuff back into the car, and headed for the pool. After checking out a few pools we decided on the quieter pool and proceeded to soak in the lovely weather. After an hour we started staring at the phone. Do we have service? *CHECKS PHONE* It's been a little long. (I've never waited longer than 30 mins for a room in vegas) Ok, let's order a drink. *CHECKS PHONE* YAY. A tasty drink later I started to get nervous. Ok, lets go to the hot tub.... *CHECKS PHONE*.... Well, TWO AND HALF HOURS LATER our room was ready. Which they were awfully lucky cause if after changing out of my suit after being sufficiently pruned we were going to leave and find another hotel. OVER FOUR HOURS TO WAIT FOR A ROOM IS A BIT EXCESSIVE, COSMO. So we get up to the concierge desk and the man behind that desk had obviously been dealing with pissed off, insane people all day. (well at least i hope so.) Cause he was a total jerk to us. Look I wasn't happy with the wait, but I also wasn't a raging lunatic about it either. We calmly expressed our unhappiness and there was NO APOLOGY, NO COMPS, NOTHING. We asked for a possible extended check out time so we could enjoy the room a little longer and there was nothing he could do about that. The worst part was this guys attitude, I kind of feel like since we weren't total jerks he could have changed his tune a little. But he didn't. Just tightened up his jerk tie a little more. So back down to the car and up to the room. YAY our room. Clean, fun, big, and very hip. Maybe we had our hopes up too high from friends who stayed here a few weeks back. They really raved about the place. But I think they got a much different experience than we did. In short: I don't think I'll be returning to The Cosmopolitan anytime soon. I feel like they need to grow up a bit and get their shit together. And hopefully by that time the dick at the concierge desk can get some manners. CUSTOMER SERVICE is a good thing. Any other hotel in vegas would have done something about the ridiculous wait.The Cosmo= D+ (+ for the pretty/nice people, D for the dick and room wait.)
5	I've never stayed here but I have gone in to have dinner. The decor is so beautiful. It's very hip, straight line designs, color themes, just amazing. It's nice and spacious and people are smiling left and right. I've only walked around the first floor but I'm already craving to stay here the next time I come to Vegas.
5	Very quickly becoming my favorite hotel in Vegas.  I went on opening night and thought it was a bit overrated.  It looked really cool, so I've given it a few more tries.When gambling, I've found that the dealers are the coolest.  They have a sense of humor, and the floormen allow them to have fun with their jobs.  Some other casinos get really strict about if I can be sitting or not, and touching some cards isn't allowed.  I've done everything in the book that gets me yelled at elsewhere.  Cosmopolitan just rolls with it.The pool is obviously awesome.  It is going to be the hot spot of the summer.  And they drain the pool and have concerts out here... I saw Girl Talk and it was a great venue to be at, other than it was slightly windy and cold.Oh, and they throw a bunch of different open bars and food events for FREE if you have a players card.  I'm proud to say I got my players card on opening night and have a four digit number.  That's pretty cool in itself, I'm like a founding member!Also, parking is easy to get to off Harman if you want to avoid the strip.  And walking distance from Citycenter if you happen to find yourself there.
3	This could have been a five star review.The hotel is massive and gorgeous; everywhere you go there is something to gawk at. The employees are very friendly and helpful; every question was answered and some employees went way beyond the call of duty to point us in the right direction.The check in process needs work - we waited in line for an hour only to be told that it would be an additional two hours before our room was ready. Our room - Terrace Studio - was gorgeous; they spent the bulk of the budget on getting the look right but didn't pay enough attention to things actually being comfortable or working properly. The couches were stiff, hot water came out of some faucets but not others, only one TV was working and the lighting is challenging to sort out - even when you're sober. However, the house staff was all really nice and within minutes of asking for another blanket, towel or glass they were knocking on the door. The restaurants and bars are hit or miss. We tried six (I'll review those in detail separately). In short - pass on the Vesper & Bond bars - both are not staffed to handle crowds and you'll wait 20-30 minutes to put in an order much less get a drink and eating . Blue Ribbon Sushi is a bit over priced but we lucked out with a fantastic waiter who kept us drinking and laughing.  The Crystal Bar was ok, quick to get a drink (but it wasn't that busy) but the bartenders were super cranky - don't expect friendly witty banter. The Wicked Spoon was by far the best food and best service.  The Marquee was everything you want in a club with convenient bars, a fun crowd and great music at any of the floors you walked on to. Security left a lot to be desired - we had items stolen from our room and there was a pick pocket loose in The Marquee - neither occurrence was met with any amount of concern much less action from the security staff or management.Bottom line - If you love flash and forgive the lack of substance this is where you want to be.  Given that this is a new hotel I'm not surprised with the issues we encountered and I really hope they get it together because I'd love to give them another try.
4	Beautiful Casino, planning on staying here the next time I'm in town.Looks like they have some very fun night clubs to attend and the Marquee Club looks like it is the place to be.
5	I recently spent 5 nights at the Cosmopolitan celebrating my 30th birthday. I worked with their group sales rep (Sabrina), and she was awesome, she helped my group book over 10 rooms - all with great views, great prices, and even a complimentary upgrade to the Terrace Suite for myself :) One friend did request a different room, and she was accommodated until she was pleased. Sabrina also was kind enough to put our entire group on the same floor (without me asking), which made planning for the weekend so much easier. If you stay at the Cosmopolitan, make sure you make it to the Bond Bar for at least a cocktail, it really may be my favorite place in Vegas! The rooms are just spectacular, and that is mostly due to the amazing views of the Bellagio Fountains. Sure, this hotel is still new, and has a few kinks to work out, but everyone I encountered from the Dealers to the Bellman was warm, helpful and efficient. The Cosmo casino staff/dealers were the most fun out of any of the places we went too - and that really does make a difference (although the tables do get pricey). If I had to gripe about anything, I would say the Cosmo could provide information about the Identity Membership rewards and the housekeeping service was just okay. That said, the rooms are GORGEOUS, the food was amazing, and the location was perfect. It will be hard to stay anywhere else!
4	As I sit in the foyer of the Chelsea Ballroom inside the Cosmopolitan, I am writing this review. I have been working here as an independent contractor at a conference for the past three days. I have been exposed to the staff here and the casino itself in numerous ways. I also had the opportunity to visit the pool area and attend a free event that involved pool, foosball, ping pong, and free drinks. I must say, The Cosmopolitan has a lot going for it. There are a few stand out occurrences I would like to mention.First, I want to applaud the staff of the Cosmo, in particular their staff that handles issues regarding the phone lines and setting up the conference rooms for clients. The client I was working for was experiencing difficulties getting a credit card machine to work. The Cosmo's staff worked diligently on the problem until it was fixed. I even overheard one of the staff members on his phone saying, "what can I do to get this client's problem fixed within the next hour?" Also, the sales manager (I believe) even came down to deal with the issue personally until it was fixed. As for another note on the staff: they are friendly and engaging and seem to really enjoy working here.  The casino itself is very nice to look at. It smells nice and new. The abundance of seating is fantastic. The Chandelier Bar is beautiful and the secret pizzeria is a delight, especially for locals.My only complaint at this point in time is perhaps th strange player's club catalog you receive once you sign up for the club. It's stark and boring compared to the elegant nature of the casino. My father thought it was a financial advising pamphlet, rather than a pamphlet explaining a casino's player's club. Also, *some* of the art hanging around is somewhat questionable to me. There was a certain piece that looked like cheaply wrapped Christmas gifts in the foyer of the Chelsea ballroom. But I shouldn't be so overly critical.  All in all I love the Cosmo. I would actually love to stay here just to see what their hotel rooms are like. Good job Cosmo! You know how to step up the game in Las Vegas!PS - what is the deal with the weird circle of dog statues on the 3rd floor???
5	So my sis and I came here for our "28th" birthday.I had planned out most of the events/ reservations with April Nakaji, who ROCKs!!!! Thanks for your time and efforts, and sweet demeanor April!!!We got there after the Cosmo Limo picked us up from the airport. Dusty was gracious, and provided us with a welcoming experience.We then got there early (9:00AM), early, and didn't have  room yet, but were able to check in. We already planned on spa day, and so had reservations for mani/pedi, scrub, spa-ing all day (See Sahra Spa review).We had our fill, but not before taking amazing pics of the dogs and the stilettos in the foyers.We then went to lunch at the Wicked spoon...awesome! What fresh farm to table cuisine, lots of fresh veggies, and fruits concocted in the most amazing presentations, with such dishes that I will try to find and order o the internet!  I am picky about eating fresh, raw veggies with my meals, and I just adored the gratifying steamed and lightly steamed veggies Wicked Sppon offered as part of the entree, and even as an entree...We then went to the Spa to have a Shellac Mani-Pedi, and Salt Total Body scrub. There was some patron there trying to convince us in the steam room that we should have spent our money elsewhere i.e Aria, but beware of competition in the form of blondie girls looking to lure you!! Weird!! I know!!!We went to the spa, the cold plunge, steam room, sauna...see my review under Sahra Spa!We then went to our room. I paid for a 1 bedroom suite, but April (my sweet concierge) decided to upgrage us to a Bellagio Fountain View (OMG). I ordered a dozen mylan balloons to be there for my twin sis, and a delish fruit basket, thanks for setting it up, including our bags.That night we got ready and went directly to Encore for La Reve!!!! Super Duper!!! You HAVE to see it!!!We came back, stood in line at Marquee for about an hour...a little flirting got us NO where, so we left and went to Bond...see my review there...LOVED it!!We then went back to Marquee...slipped the "guy with the clipboard" a $20 and got in to the front of the line....IT WAS 2:20 BY NOW, FYI, and the lines were outrageous...we danced our souls away until 5:00AM, and OMG did we have an amazing early birthday celebration in Vegas...I can't wait to come back...I'll definitely come back just with my twin too!!Look out for us!!
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE. Seriously felt overdressed the first night I went. Most of the girls are wearing short dresses. The decor is stylish and the best thing I liked about it was the Book & Stage. It's a lounge that hosted smaller bands that are playing coachella but for free!! I was shocked! One thing I've noticed is service was over the top. Also signed up for the gambling card... Suddenly forgot the name... anyway I've book tickets to the pool concerts which are 2x points on the card. Just show your tickets! This is a trendy place but it doesn't loose it's edge in service. Everyone I spoke to was awesome. From getting in and out and ordering drinks (Strip price drinks, naturally) but still for a local it's less gimmicky and more style, luxury and a fantastic night on the town. You'll see me here often!!!
5	Overall AMAZING!  I work on the strip in one of the finest hotels in Las Vegas and I will, from here on out, suggest and refer my family and friends to stay at the Cosmo. The room was gorgeous! Amazing view from our west tower.  It was probably one of the best views of the strip I've seen.  Having a balcony is a nice asset, we left the slider door open and just relaxed on the bed, listening to the sounds of the busy nightlife is actually quite peaceful, I've never heard it like that before. Check in was quick and efficient.  The lobby was unique and if you like art, you'll be intrigued at almost every turn. Every single associate we encountered was stupendously friendly!  All around excellent experience.  The spa was ok.  When I go to a spa I prefer a more tranquil and relaxing quiet experience, there were a lot of chatty Cathys that day.  The decor doesn't scream peace.  It's much more modern.  Although the staff was friendly, I didn't care for it.  I won't go back again.Great selection of restaurants, however, they are ALL overpriced! Which got really annoying.  Price gounging at it's finest!!Room service was excellent!The Chandelier Bar is gorgeous, definitely a hot spot!  I will name Marquee one of the best and newest clubs in LV.  It's huge and keeps going, mulitple rooms! LOVE IT!!!!!!!!!
5	SO GLAMOUROUS! I love this hotel. Not only is it modern but it embodies wealth and opulence. The front desk is super accommodating and helpful. They got us an amazing view of the Bellagio/water show and totally hooked us up with a twin bed without charge! They answered all our questions and even tried to make sure we had a guestlist for Marquee. All in all, service was great. The rooms were more on the artsy side. We got a suite so you had the living room area and they had books, prints, etc. The hotel is really easy to get around. As long as you know which building you are in, its super easy to come and go as you please. The casino is also very fun. The feel is more relaxed and modern. You have crystals hanging everywhere and everything feels brighter and cleaner for some reason.
4	Oh you fancy, huh? 1 word: Fantastic!!  I am in love with this hotel, its so glamorous and rad. the glittery chandeliers all over the place, the different artwork & sculptures, the futuristic touches & the throwback vintage furniture.  it has it all!!  the restaurants were great, nothing totally out of the ordinary tho, nothing adventurous-food wise.  but good quality food. the chelsea is kinda dumb only bc the bathrooms areint in the venue, they are outside of it and a ways away.  so during the black keys shows i had to miss out on a good couple songs bc of the trek to use the loo.  (only reason they get 4 stars) other than that, service was good, food was good, decor was fantastic, odds were fantastic.  me gusta!
4	I love this hotel for the elegant excitement it exudes (how's that for alliteration?).  I haven't stayed here yet, but maybe one of these days they'll give us a comp.  Hope springs eternal...Tonight we attended our second Identity Series cardholders' free event.  This was a "tasting" at the Wicked Spoon, their buffet.  Private room, all you can drink of the two specialty drinks that were available:  one was an apple and vodka concoction, and the other was a ginger beer and vodka.  Both were terrific, and I didn't get the name of either drink.  But before I could even get to Drink #2, I no longer cared  :DThe food was buffet-style, and tonight's offering was Polish Cuisine (as in Poland - you didn't have to shine anything).  They had the a dish akin to stuffed cabbage, only the little meatballs were mixed with shredded cabbage, rather than stuffed into cabbage leaves.  I'll have to remember this - it's much less work to prepare!  It was delicious.  There were also fresh green beans that had a major kick; beautiful yellow beets and purple cauliflower that were pickled, but much too tangy for my taste.  And there was also hot borscht, served in little glasses with or without sour cream.Waiters passed trays of breaded pork filet "fingers" that were outstanding, and superb pirogies.The desserts were to die for - upscale pastries and mousses that for once tasted as good as they looked, and white or dark chocolate-covered marshmallow lollipops.  My group of seven was lucky to snare one of the four round banquettes that were available.  Others had to stand at tables, and this event, which was supposed to be two hours long, actually lasted quite a bit longer.This was a fantastic event,  and FREE!!! - and if Cosmopolitan continues to offer this kind of perk to cardholders, it will be a death knell to other casinos.  The ambience throughout the hotel is phenomenal.  My major quibble is that the casino does not have enough machines to pique the interest of us low-rollers.  Too many of the penny machines have outrageously high minimum bids, and they just turn me off.  If I wanted to blow $3 and up for each pull, I'd play dollar machines.  But I don't.  So I don't gamble any more money at Cosmopolitan, I just spend less time there.I have to give big kudos to George, one of the security staff.  When I first got to the hotel tonight I sat down at a slot machine to search my purse for my Identity Card.  I couldn't find it easily, so I pulled everything out.  Midway through the Wicked Spoon event, I realized my iPhone was gone, and took the long hike back to that slot machine.  The machine was right next to an escalator which, because it wasn't working, had George in front of it directing people.  He was still there when I went back and, praise whatever deity you worship, he had my phone!!!  Of course, the major thank you has to go to the honest person who turned it in to him, but that identity will never be known.  The phone caper was the icing on the cake for an evening that was perfectly executed and beyond classy.  I love this hotel!!!
5	By far my Fav place on the strip and it exceeded my expectations. I'll be back for sure
4	I really like the vibe this place has.It FEELS elegant, luxurious, and modern. (It helps that it is a new venue; anyone remember the Boardwalk???)The Casino is smallish, but they have one of the few single deck Blackjack tables on the strip (most are standard 8 deck). Won $140 for about 20 mins of playing @ a $10 minimum too! Not too shabby.It also has fairly centralized location on the strip, so everything is pretty easy to get to from here.I'll be making my reservations here next time I go to Vegas.
4	This hotel is soooooo edgy and modern. I was blown away by the three-story chandelier. I stayed in the terrace one bedroom and WOW, the private patio is AWESOME! Nice bathroom but the shower was weak. The kitchenette is pretty cool with a microwave and mini-bar and I like having the flat screen TVs in living room and bedroom. This hotel is nicely situated next to Bellagio and across from Planet Hollywood.
4	What a beautiful hotel. It feels very plush, very modern, and you'll walk outta here feeling glamorous!Crystals are all over the place, white bar stools, comfortable overstuffed couches and arm chairs. The place just feels sexy! Very accommodating and friendly bartenders, and cocktail waitresses. Met several locals here over the course of my Vegas stay. They seem to like to atmosphere here vs. some of the other places on the strip.
3	Who knew there was a hotel called "The Cosmopolitan"? People who regularly go out to the strip, I guess. My friend invited me to Comme Ca for dinner with her other girl friends and I couldn't figure out where it was. She kept telling me it's in the Cosmopolitan. In my mind, I was thinking, "Comme Ca is in a restaurant? A restaurant in a restaurant?" Yes, I know, I know... ditz! When I finally saw the hotel, that's when it all clicked to me. Hmph, the palm of my hand slapped my forehead with embarrassment. Duh! When I walked in one thing that really stuck out was the amount of diamond looking chandelier that dressed the entire hotel. It was very Beverly Hills 90210, expensive looking, classy, and I felt so out of place being there. Don't misunderstand, I was impressed with how beautiful everything was, but I definitely felt like it wasn't my scene. The people that roamed through the casino that night all looked like a million dollars. The girls were all made up with perfect make up and skimpy sexy dresses to impress any man with dollar signs in his pocket, and the guys were in suits, gelled hair and colgoned out to impress any woman who were willing to take their money or be pampered, wined and dined.Overall, it's defnitely built for people who like high class status, rich, and expensive environment.  It's great to look at and sight see, but not to spend money in.
4	Amazing. The only reason why this place didn't get 5 stars is because it doesn't serve mainstream alcoholic beverages at the gaming tables!! I mean, I just wanted a beer. A Bud light and they didn't even serve that! Then I asked for a shot of Patron. "No! Sorry!" Don Julio? "Nope!" I don't know, seems kinda 'wrong" to me! Other than that, this is my new favorite spot in Vegas! Fun, upbeat and tons of stuff to look at! Being a local for more than 17 years, I'd say this spot is what Vegas needed! Food for every palette and shopping for all types of styles! I've eaten at just about every spot here. No complaints!Live music is a bit annoying at times. It was very distracting to listen to while sitting at the mini-baccarat table. I almost wanted to poke my eye out with the straw in my coffee. Besides the point, the staff was very nice and made me feel welcome. Can we talk about the vending machine upstairs? I could get false eyelashes out of this machine!! Make-up! Pantyhose!! Can I say one word? GENIUS! If you aren't there for gambling, eating or drinking, definitely go for the people watching!! I could sit there all night! Beautiful people with more beautiful people and a lot of people who look like they got ready in the dark! The Cosmo is a great place to be!
5	This place is SO AMAZING!!!  I felt like a princess.  So glamorous!My favorite hotel, resort, casino, bar (The Chandelier) , and restaurants!I would recommend going to The Cosmopolitan, even if your not staying there.  It's so beautiful, and everyone can appreciate the work put into the design and decor.My favorite place is the The Chandelier bar.  We like to party inside this giant chandelier. The bar is 3 stories tall, and has it's encased in an enormously audacious chandelier that is said to be strung with 2 million beaded Swarovski crystals.WOW!!!!!
5	Ooh definitely one of my favorite spots in vegas. Classy and modern. Each and every bar was well thought out. Within this seemingly tiny space holds a impressive number of little touches that you haven't seen from any of the other casinos on the strip. It has the charm of the boutique hotels off the strip combined with the capabilities and service of any of the top hotel casinos on the strip. Shucks, even before I set foot the dang casino they were already thinking about me. The digital billboard telling you how many parking spots are available, the Shepard Fairy wheatpaste in the parking lot, cute lil green lights on the parking lot's ceilings to tell you whether a spot is open for you. I'm amazed. Then there's the DJs and performers they book. Anywhere else you're in the country you are gonna pay to see performers such as Mayer Hawthorne, Aloe Blacc, as well as DJs like Eleven and Cosmo Baker. Not at good ole Cosmo!Marquee and Wicked spoon are respectively concidered one of the top clubs and buffets in town. The theres the cool pool which overlooks the strip. By golly, these cats definitely have their $#!t together. Well to be fair, I think the only thing they have missing is a top notch vegas show, but who knows, it certainly wouldn't surprise me if they had one in the works.
2	Okay, I don't understand why everyone is giving this hotel so many stars.  (I find it funny some of the reviewers actually work there LOL)  I went for the first time this weekend to see Damain Marley and Nas in concert.  Now, JUST pulling in to the hotel was already a bad experience.  I am pretty sure that the guys who designed this place (both inside and out) were on acid when they did it, and just scribbled on some paper.  It was worse than trying to figure out a labyrinth.  I valet a lot, and even before I had ever been to the Cosmo, I was warned by a couple of different friends that the valets have a tendency to steal.  One friend actually had his iPod Touch stolen out of his arm rest, and they refused to do anything to replace it.  Anyway.  I pull in to valet to see "Valet Full."  Okay, that's weird for a new, hip, hotel but it happens.  My boyfriend rolls down the window to ask about self parking, and hears a worker tell another patron say, "No, it's not full.  There is just no valet at all." Huh???  SO we go to the parking garage and the sign says there's 100+ parking spaces, buuuuut there were none - on more than one floor.  The garage itself is poorly designed, as if they just tried to fit as many cars into one tiny space as they could.  Parallel parking spaces in a parking garage?  Seriously?  It took us almost an hour just to find a spot.  And that's just the parking.When we walk into the hotel, it is gorgeous.  The art is digital, hip and pretty cool.  The chandelier is AMAZING to look at.  Aesthetically, the Cosmopolitan is very pleasing.  However, that's about all the props it gets.  I asked a worker where to go to pick up tickets, and they said "I don't know.  I think the pool is on the 5th floor, though." (Despite the sign right next to him saying that it's on the 4th floor.)  Apparently, "I don't know" was the phrase of the night for most of the staff, because nobody knew anything.  Two people actually directed us to Marquee after I asked them where the Boulevard Pool was.  Some of them didn't even know about a concert at all.  Communication much?  After asking 8 different people (no exaggeration), and 30 more minutes of walking around, I finally found ONE man who told me where to pick up my tickets.   Did I mention the inside is just as much a maze as the parking garage?  The escalators are not close to eachother at all, and I felt like I was going in circles.  I was dizzy by the time I reached will-call.  Needless to say, chances are, I will not be going back.  For a place that is supposed to be new and hip and for all the hype it gets, that's all it is - hype.
4	The hotel is beautiful and very resort-like. We stayed in a Terrace room and had a view of the strip. The room was huge and the decor was amazing. We ate breakfast at the Wicked Spoon buffett and lunch at the Poolside grill and the food at both was amazing. We found the staff to be very friendly throughout the stay.My only complaint is the pool situation. We were there in mid-April and the weather was hot and sunny. Unfortunately, the large Blvd pool was not filled because the hotel was hosting concerts Thur-Sat of that week and they use that same pool space for concerts. The website made no mention of this so I would advise you to call ahead and verify that the pool will be filled and open during your stay. There is another, smaller pool (The Bamboo Pool) that was filled, but by 10 a.m. there were not any chairs open because it was so packed. Even with the large pool being filled I would anticipate that there will be a lack of seating and advise you to arrive before 10 a.m. if you want a chair. Tip: We found out upon checkout that the hotel offers an airport shuttle for $6 per person. You can buy vouchers at check out. A cab runs about $35 so we thought the shuttle was a great deal.
4	My review is based solely on my experience from seeing the Robyn show here at The Boulevard Pool @ The Cosmopolitan this past Thursday.That being said, this hotel is absolutely beautiful.  When you first walk in, you can't help but notice the three story tall chandellier.  It's stunning. But what's different about this one is the lounge that the chandellier is built around.  What an excellent concept.As we made our way around the hotel, we were looking at the various pieces of art.  Tastefully chosen and placed around the hotel.We were trying to figure out how to get to the Will Call for our tickets.  We found the first person that seemed available and asked.  He directed us to the escalator.When we approached the escalator, we were told that it was unfortunately closed. This was because it was direct access up to the pool and the concert entrance was in a different place.  So we had to trek across the hotel, down some hallways, up an an elevator and then to one of MANY ballroom areas, where we found their "box office".Normally I would have been frustrated that we had to trek all over the hotel.  However, having never been there and the place being brand new, it was nice to see the different parts.Once we were finally granted entrance in to the pool area, I was impressed.  It wasn't anything overly extravagant like some of the pools, but it was definitely an inviting atmosphere.  For shows, they drain the ankle deep pool, and in the 3 ft section they place a riser to make the elevations of the GA floor a little more even.   The stage was a little high, but what's great about that is that, no matter where you were standing, you had an excellent view of the performer(s).The reason they call it The Boulevard pool is becuase it's on the top corner of the 4th floor on that part of the hotel and it overlooks Las Vegas Blvd.  You have an excellent view of the entire strip.There were several bars to choose from.  After getting a drink at one of their permanent bars, we tried to scope out where the best place to refill our drinks would be, as they have satellite bars like most hotels.  We decided on the one near where we were standing and inquired with the bartender what she had available.  When she asked what were drinking we told her Jameson & Ginger.  She said she didn't have Jameson.  Then she said, "Are you going to be in this area most of the night?" We advised her that we likely would be and she said, "I'll get you a bottle of Jameson and some ginger beer".  To which we replied, "Then we're yours all night".  Later I discovered our bartender, Heather Tool, had ties to my hometown as well as San Diego where we currently live. I was sold. She was definitely our bartender for the night.  We never had to wait for a drink and she was always attentive to our needs.  At one point we asked if they had cigarettes at the bar and she said no.  Her barback or bar assistant overheard the conversation and even went so far as to make a call so the cigarette girl could come upstairs to us so that we could purchase some.  In my opinion, that was definitely far above and beyond the call of duty.  It may not have been a big deal to them, but it certainly stood out in my opinion.I really was hoping to have been able to stay here, but unfortunately we weren't able to when making our hotel reservations.  One day I'd love to go back and stay here.  As long as Heather is our bartender and everyone else gives us the stellar service they did that night.  Cheers to you Cosmopolitan, you just gained another fan.
2	The casino is cramped and gets Smokey.  Its such a small casino, the good thing is its right off the strip.  Buffet is different than most, I liked it but my friend from NY did not.
4	This is a very stylish new hotel going through minor growing pains. They had 100% occupancy rate for several consecutive days and we had to wait for 1.5 hours for our room to be ready. Traveling with a toddler this wasn't easy, but we hung out in a fantastic corner suite with our friends until the issue was resolved.We didn't like the room they gave us. It was right above a nightclub pool and a concert stage and they upgraded us to a suite overlooking the Bellagio fountain. I've heard from other guests that it pays to complain if you have a valid issue.The experience was very good. The rooms are great, views are great, the east tower has balconies in every room. The staff is very friendly and if you're into partying it's a total mob scene at night. There is no permanent show at The Cosmopolitan but the bars and the pool areas are top notch. The interior design and video installation at the reception area are very cool.Pros: location, style, comfort, balconies, nice beds, awesome walk in shower, tubs with a viewCons: weekend crowd, bad parking garage (even the staff can't figure out the parking row indexing), minor annoyances (low water pressure in one faucet), poor menu system on the room TVs, OSD misidentifying actual channels on TV, overfilled down pillows.
4	Beautiful, cool new hotel in Las Vegas:PROS:  - Beautiful well-appointed rooms- High quality amenities in the rooms- Very comfortable mattresses with luxurious linens and overstuffed pillows- Opulent bathrobes- 3 pools to choose from- Parking lot has red and green lights on all spaces to indicate the stalls have a car in them or not- Modern, well-equipped gym, has 2 aerobic classes a day- 2 outside tennis courts- Front desk was very friendly, efficient,  and accommodating- The rooms have light switches by the front door that say 'welcome' and 'goodbye' so you can switch them all on and off by dimming them- Great location on the strip- Secure...you need a key card to get to your floor level on the elevatorCONS:- Not easy to find things....not labeled very well; a little confusing to get around the hotel- Gym costs $12 a day- Food and drinks VERY pricey....ALL overpriced...$5 for a small bottle of water is ridiculous!
5	Amazing hotel-from check-in to the rooms, bed, restaurants, casino, and even the toiletries they give you. Well designed, ultra modern and sheik. No Vegas tacky here. I even like the Way the bathrooms were furnished. You even check in on an iPad. The lobby has screens from floor to ceiling, so you can never be bored waiting. I rarely gamble, but decided to play roulette and the dealer was way cool. I ate at Comme Ca, steak tartare was good, pot de creme-delish!
5	Awesome and trendy hotel. This hotel has all the amenities a 5 star hotel must have and more. Staff is friendly and helpful, however sometimes service took a little longer because they seem to still trying to get things together since its a fairly new hotel. Room was very nice, had a terrace, 2 TV's, refrigerator, microwave, and Japanese tub. Will stay here again in the future.
4	Beautiful shinny rich textures and colors. This certainly were my first impressions. Every wall, floor and column seemed to sparkle with "bling". I love the three floor chandelier, it's absolutely beautiful!It's very unusual for a casino to actually have places to sit and well just sit.  We found places like that all over.  We signed up and got our players card, I even tried a few slot machines, have to admit, I didn't win a lot, but walked away happy.  First time for us here, we brought family to take a look and knew we would be heading to the buffet soon enough.  I love what I have seen so far and if what I read about the rooms is anything like they say, we may have to give it ago.
5	Love this place!
1	in My opinion its a decent hotel but very bad customer service from casino host and players club services. Don't stay here and gamble and expect any comps they lured me in with costly hotel rates and pretending your bill will be taken care of and after losing several thousand dollars there they still charged me full rate and when they told me I earned free comps they suddenly all disappeared. They will play games with your mind and When I complained and asked to speak to a manager this was the response via txt msg "I will not be threatened by ANY guest. I am an a Executive of this Resort and made an Executive decision. Refrain from any further correspondence with me." -Chaz Thanks buddy no one made any threat I just didn't feel I was getting the customer service I deserved wow what a response! Very nice customer service!! I won't be staying there ever again and in my opinion their players club is a complete scam!!! I could have paid 10x over for my room bill with what was wagered but it's ok I like Aria and Mandalay much better. Will go back there.  Marquee is the only reason to go to Cosmo but do yourself a favor and stay somewhere else their rooms are very small and so is the casino. They have a few billion to pay off in construction costs so I doubt they can afford to take care of their players for a long time to come!Good luck everyone..
5	Love this Casino !!!  the rooms are Gorgeous ! they have wonderful Restaurants, beautiful Chandelier Bars, and they have 3 Fantastic Pools to choose from, this is my favorite place in Las Vegas now, it used to be Caesars Palace !!! oh! they have a microwave, dishwasher, and a minibar in room !
4	I love this place.  It is so modern, sparkly, and just plain PRETTY!  BLING BLING!!!  I loved the bars in the middle (3 stories) and the chandelier. Colorful and full of textures.  Love it!  Cons - The place is so packed it is hard to move around in.
2	The day finally arrived where we were heading to Vegas from Chicago. Our very early morning flight was delayed and we had to sit on the plane an extra hour, due to de-frosting the plane and back-up on the runway. A 3.5 hour flight turned into almost 6 hours. We waited half an hour for our pre-paid shuttle from Grey Line and finally arrived at the Cosmopolitan. First impressions of the hotel is that it is absolutely beautiful and awe-inspiring. Nonetheless, we were very excited to stay here.We entered the lobby area where they had floor to ceiling pillars of LCD screen images that keep you entertained in the long lines waiting to check-in. 9 people were working at the front desk and each person took about ten minutes to help each guest. We were finally greeted by a young woman who acted like this was her first day on the job and she welcomed us to the Cosmo and said that we were going to have an amazing time. I told her about how I had requested a Bellagio Fountains view room two months prior and she said that she saw it in the notes and that it wouldn't be a problem. I slipped her a 20 dollar tip and she said thank you and quickly snatched it up. She then said that no available rooms were ready at this time and she would call us when it was ready and to go explore the hotel. Also, with our package we were given a free bottle of wine, but they ran out of cards to give us to pick up our bottle. She ended writing "toast on us" on a piece of paper and told us to go to the wine store to pick it up - very unprofessional and tacky. We checked our bags at the bellhop desk and began to explore the hotel. At this point, all we wanted to do was take a shower and rest for a bit. We left the check-in desk at 11am and checked out their buffet the Wicked Spoon for lunch. From what we have read about it, it sounded like they had some great food to choose from. We were seated and told go get something to eat and the waiter will take our drinks shortly. The place was busy and very understaffed. We grabbed some small pots of pasta and prime rib (most of the food is in individual pots/dishes) and sat back down. We waited close to 25 minutes with still no water or waiter for drinks - there wasn't even one remotely in sight to flag down. Finally, we were able to find a waiter to take our drinks. All of the waiters were running around like mad men - unable to keep up with clearing tables and getting drink orders. The individualized pots/dishes are a great idea, but take up so much room on the tables and are difficult to carry on the size of glass plates that are given. The waiters had difficulty keeping up with clearing them away and when you looked around, you notice piles upon piles of pots and dishes stacked on trays in corners and lots of unclear tables - it was definitely not appetizing.We were finished with our meal and we ended up getting a call from the front desk stating our room was ready. We made our way back to the lobby and had to wait in another long line for about 20 minutes. We were greeted by a new employee who just looked pissed to be working. He told us that our room was ready and we verified that we had an east side tower Bellagio fountain view on a higher floor. He told us that it was not the room that we requested, but that it was a lower level room in the west side tower facing the pool. At this point, I was getting really aggravated and asked him what is going on with this hotel's service. He did not say a word and handed us our keys saying that our room was now on the 68th floor east side tower overlooking the Bellagio fountains.We took the elevator to the 68th floor and it was nice because our room was right around the corner from the elevator - it was great. We opened the door to see that we did have the amazing view of the fountains. However, I looked around and saw this room was a total mess - dirty wash rags were in the shower, beer cans with completely full ash trays were on the balcony, makeup was on the white pillows, suspect stains were on the couch,
2	I gave them one more chance and this stay was equally is irritating.  I'm done with them.  It's time to move on to hotels that actually understand what customer service is.
4	The hotel is amazing inside! If you love an art deco feel, then you will LOVE it here. I got into a little argument with the Valet parker because he was incredibly rude but other than that, a must see. I took my cousin from England to the Club there and we had a good time however, there is nothing but stairs in this place!!! Be prepared to be sore the next day. They have different types of music in different areas(levels). I am a fan of XS at Encore and I still feel that way. Marquee was NOT m favorite at all!I would stay at Cosmo...JUST GO TO A DIFFERENT CLUB!
5	This place is ridiculously upscale and nice. Even the casino seems very clean and tidy (which is hard to pull off), and the smell of smoke is hardly noticeable. They must have some smoke ventilation system going on in there because there were people smoking everywhere and I could barely smell it. It also appears the investors spared no expenses in the decor and materials used in the construction of this place. All the light fixtures look spectacular and the bathrooms are all "fancy-tiled" and granite'd out (I made up another word) and there are plenty of stalls in the two bathrooms I visited. We walked around throughout all the levels, and went up and down the levels of the chandelier bar and up by marquee. It looked nice. All the restaurants looked high dollar and very nice even tho they were pretty empty (Thursday at about 3 pm) I particularly liked the pool tables, the foosball tables, and all the chairs and loungey areas throughout. Everything looked classy and this is my new favorite casino/hotel, but it's hard to reason with that kinda price tag. If I was a high roller I would spend some serious time in this building.5 stars for the decor, cleanliness and overall vibe.
1	I have major reservations about ever making reservations here again.  This is unfortunate, because I really want to like this hotel, as it is beautiful and has a lot going for it.  This hotel has an irresistable allure and charm, but no allure or charm could make up for the bad experiences that came with them.  Everything here was so varied, and overall so disturbing, that I would really need to hear that things have changed before ever considering staying here again.  The bad is so ridiculously bad that I have to mention it first.  The Marque day/night-club were both impossible to get into and yet impossible to avoid...  I was staying on the 40th floor of the East tower and I could hear and literally feel the music loud and clear from my room any time it was playing, with my door shut.  I understand that this is more of a party hotel, and I understand and like good loud music in this environment.  But the hotel ROOM needs to be a solace if I want it to be.  No exceptions at $350+/night.  The part making this truly unbearable is that the music started at 9:30 in the MORNING.  Apparently such is the norm there.  I wouldn't even mind if it went to 4am, but starting right back up again at 9:30 is just stupid.  Start with something ambient, or more low-key.  It's the morning, and I am flabbergasted that any DJ really believes that playing electro/trance at that volume in the morning is really the right thing to do, vegas or not.  The worst part is that looking over the balcony at that hour wondering what was happening, I was shocked to see that nobody but employees were even there.  It was all for ME..  I think that the hotel allowing this is stupid, trashy, and highly ignorant.On the other hand, as I mentioned, it was impossible (for me) to get into the actual club.  This was because I was wearing what appeared to be sneakers to a clueless bouncer who I would venture to say had more of a problem with my sexual orientation than a respect for the dress code.  My partner and I were at first literally 'shooed' (no pun intended) away by the man working at the guest entrance because he didn't feel like we belonged at this club.  This made me furious, because my shoes were $400 and definitely NOT sneakers.  And, by the way, other people getting in were wearing much grungier shoes than mine.  I was so angry that I had to leave the hotel before I made matters worse.  This kind of seemingly sexist (all girls got in) and rude treatment is NOT something I deserve after shelling out GOOD MONEY to stay here as a guest.  It is simply UNACCEPTABLE.  I have never been treated like this at any club anywhere.  These two things really disappointed me.  But furthermore, the overall organization of the hotel seemed amature, which many others on this site have reflected.  I could have overlooked small quirks in their new system, but my major issues kept me awake and aggravated for a large part of my stay.  Don't expect quick service, don't expect kind service, don't expect to get in the nightclub....  Don't expect anything here except to spend lots of money.  Though some people are quick, nice, and helpful, it was not consistent at all.Finally, a little good.  The blackjack dealers I played with were super wonderful people.  Truly a great pick, so kudos to them.  And the blackjack tables offered were fairly priced and had reasonable odds.  I can't comment on the other table games, but my partner NEVER won anything at the slots, whereas he did consistently in every other hotel.  We were highly suspicious of this, and not sure just how much this new hotel might have tilted the odds a bit higher in their favor than average.The room was nice, especially the soaking tub.  I wish all hotels had this deep soaking tub, and it was my favorite part of our entire stay.  The linens were TERRIBLE.  Not soft at all, and actually quite a bit itchier than any other hotel sheets I've slept in, including motels along the interstate.  There were stains on the couch, but that's probably because there have been big parties in the room; all that's needed for such a party is to open the door to the balcony and you'll be part of the nightclub.The 'mall' stores were a refreshing change from the Dior and Prada of every other hotel, and included stores that I might actually buy something from, being in my 20s and not a millionaire.   The restaurant I ate at, China Poblano, was really good.  The nutella stuffed french toast was incredible.  I wanted to try more but after my experiences decided against it.I don't like giving this hotel only one star, nor do I want to, but I have to.  They need to get their act together.  They need to tell people they will need earplugs to sleep in the East Tower when facing the pool.  They need to single out and fire the bigots that don't know how to treat paying guests with respect.  The manager was 'understanding', but he didn't win me over.  Get to work, Cosmopolitan!
4	We had a suite party for my BFs best friends birthday. The suite of course had a awesome view on the 67th floor and we enjoyed it on a huge wrap around balcony despite the wind telling us to eff off. The inside itself was quite nice. It felt like a nice house (and originally supposed to be condos) since we had a little kitchen area and a small dining table along with a living room area separate from the bedroom. I think the bedroom overlooking in the bathroom is cute, but fair warning to not share a room with someone you will freak to see you nekkid in the shower. If you're in for a long stay- you have a washer and dryer. If you actually plan to use the kitchen you should ask for pots and utensils, etc when you check in. They don't keep any in the drawers, which I think they should since why have a kitchen that can't actually be used? We had to ask for certain things to be brought up including stupid shit like a deck of cards and the service came up pretty prompt. On a important note, plan well who has keys. You cannot get up to your floor without swiping your key and then it can only access the floor of that room and not all the floors.  So if you're planning also on meeting some of your friends that are getting ready in their room- you cannot show up and knock on their door. Someone has to go get you. I think this would be a good place to stay if you want to do CityCenter.  I like this much better than the Aria and the Vdara in terms of room ambiance and space.
5	Beautifully Constructed and a fun place to be!I have watched so many of the new Casinos open in vegas and kept expecting to be amazed, but always ended up disappointed.  Enter the Cosmo.  From my first step inside I was very impressed.  The hotel itself is absolutely gorgeous, it is open, modern and nothing less then fabulous.  I love the Chandalier bar, it's stunning and has plenty of seating.  As I beginning to move away from the Vegas club scene, this made for a fun night out.  That being said I haven't been to Marquee (looked nice from the outside). but I did hear bad things from a friend.  Either way, I will be back here for a night out.I am going to consider staying here a night just for fun, instead of opting to be with my friends my next visit out.
4	We went to the Cosmo on a promo for a get away weekend.Self parking is located off a tiny driveway off Las Vegas Blvd.  Blink and you'll miss it.  The check in desk is located in the WEST tower, and should be labeled as such in the garage.  It is a long walk.  Check in was smooth.  My attendant, Abby, was helpful and sweet.  We were upgraded to a 1 bedroom suite with a view.  She walked me to bell service and Daemion loaded up our stuff and took us to the room.The hotel has a very upscale, modern feel.  Lots of chrome, and highly polished wood.  The Chandelier Bar is a great place to sit and watch the action unfold.  The crowd seemed to be mostly people int he 25-32 range.  And at night, everyone looked good.  The Casino weaves throughout the 1st floor, with the occasional bar in between.  I did not gamble, so I can review the casino, other than to say the people in there were young and good looking.We were in the East Tower, which is closest to LV Blvd.  The room was well designed and beautifully appointed, if you like contemporary design.  It has a very modern look, and if you don't like that, you won't like this hotel.  I loved it.  There was a separate living room with a curved sofa, over-sized coffee table and chair.  The kitchenette was small, but had a microwave and dishwasher (to wash what?  There were no dishes), along with the Sub-Zero refrigerator/mini bar.  NOTE: that space at the bottom on the mini-bar is a FREEZER!  it's not a space for you to put your beer.  As we discovered the next morning.The bedroom had an incredible view of the strip and overlooked the Bellagio fountain.  There was a dressing area that separated the bedroom and living space.  The bathroom was huge, with double sinks, a separate toilet room and a Shower/bath room with windows opening into the Master and the deck.  The tub was big enough for two, easy.The hotel is located next door to Bellagio, across from Paris and Planet Hollywood.  It was easy to get to several hotels on the strip for dining, shopping etc.I enjoyed our stay at the Cosmo and will definetly stay here again.
4	Of all the hotels on the strip, the Cosmopolitan is the most hip. It has a very modern city vibe to it that makes it a great addition to the Strip.Visited this hotel/casino numerous times during my visit to Vegas. Their retail/restaurant mix is quite eclectic. They have tons of glamorous hotel bars with good decor. The ones here put many of the ones nearby to shame. This hotel has a nice nightlife vibe to it. I think the fact that they name a couple of the bars using James Bond movie references speaks for itself.Even the public art in the hotels is quite interesting. They have a number of public art displays including these large dogs and huge high heels sculptures that I came across in one of the common areas.I stayed at NY NY during my visit here, which was nice. But left feeling like staying at the Cosmopolitan would have been even better due to the location and the vibe here. I would definitely consider the Cosmopolitan on my list of places to stay next time I am in Vegas.
5	Very nice hotel! The best word I can use to describe would be very swanky! Everything from check in to the room the pools the food were awesome! Highly recommend!
5	Absolutely beautif-  No no no.. wait... I can't use one word to describe this place.. It's glamorous, chic, upscale, hip, fun and sexy sexy sexy... Wow.. From the moment I got out of the cab and walked into this property, I knew I was in for it. During the day, there's heavy foot traffic all over Vegas. Tourists are hitting up every spot from south strip to north strip. Cosmopolitan is the newest and hottest at the moment. The people walking throughout the casino are just regular folks, but then you start noticing that there's a slightly larger portion of physically attractive people. I'll get back to this in a bit.So, we get into our room which is located on the East Tower. We had requested a view looking over the Bellagio Fountains, but the guy told us that we would have to wait until check-in time in order to see what they have available. But he offered a room for early check-in, which was one of the few rooms that were available right away. We took it.. It's not always easy to get a room early in a property that's normally 100% booked at 12:00 PM on day of check-in. So, my buds and I take a elevator trip (You need your keycard just to use any of the elevators leading to guest floors, awesome! Keeps the scavengers out!) We get into our room, and it's just immaculate! The rooms are gorgeous, two TVs, a balcony overlooking Aria and the Boulevard pool as well as Marquee Dayclub. Plush beds, couches, electrical outlets and USB ports everywhere. Separate bathtub, shower (If you happen meet someone, or you're with your significant other, that shower has plenty of space.. And if you're extra freaky, there's space for for about 3 more, lol, just saying). The service provided by Cosmo was just impeccable! We must have called them on 7 different occasions just for random things and they're always happy to provide them and even give you a service call later to see if you received everything. On top of that, they have 24 hour housekeeping so you can request a clean room any time you want! We always left a nice tip to the cleaning ladies and had rooms cleaned above and beyond with even our shoes lined up and our own personal bathroom items arranged nicely.Within the next few days, we took advantage of the Bamboo Pool and the Boulevard Pool. This is when I noticed that almost 90% of the hot people you see walking around Cosmo are staying at Cosmo and the rest are just people walking through. I've never seen so many hot bodies in one place in my life. Beautiful women lounging and strutting their goods all over the property. I would definitely recommend the Boulevard Pool over the Bamboo Pool because it's more upbeat and you can hear all the music bumping from its own DJ or from the Marquee Dayclub. Marquee Dayclub might have the most upbeat, but there's also cover to pay, so I'd rather just take advantage of what comes free with our stay at the property. The cocktails were good, but they ran out of mint leaves so they couldn't make any Mojitos.. BOOOOOO!! But that's OK. I had plenty of other drinks to make up for one lost one, lol. Every single bar there is impressive, all beautiful with the glitz and glam, crystals everywhere. And of course Chandelier Bar was by far one of the most impressive sights I've laid my eyes on.In short, my buddies were stunned by this property and we all agreed that this is the spot to be in.On a side note.. This is a very lively property. You can hear music from Marquee in the whee hours when most normal people are trying to get shuteye... But everyone knows that Vegas is everything but normal.. The age range is mainly between 25-35, and there are definitely female beauties of all shapes, sizes and ethnicities (high maintenance as well) all over the place. The guys are a mix of frat dudes, pretty boys and a few meathead types. I mention these things because it may not be everyone's cup of tea. If you're looking for a more down-to-earth type of feel, this might not be the spot.  I like this place because it's not as boring and pretentious as Bellagio or Caesars, but it's not as as Douchebaggy as Hard Rock or Palms. This place is hip and sexy and it completely stands apart from any other property in Vegas. I look forward to making this place my hotel of choice on my next visit to Vegas.
2	I just recently got back from Las Vegas and stayed at the Cosmopoltian. The hotel itself was beautfiul. The bars, casino, pool were great! My compliant stem from the service. We ordered room service the first night of our stay and never came. The second night we order room service and it came 2 hours later, than we were quoted. We never had our room cleaned until we called housekeeping 3x.  We never got out towels refreshed our anything. Finally, at 7pm on Sunday, they cleaned our room. My friend had bought a few things for her kids, that no longer were in the room, when eventually they did clean.  Either, it was taken by somebody or thrown out on accident. Again, part of this could be caused from a new property and still working out kinks. I hope next time, if we chose to stay there, wont be as bad.
3	The Cosmopolitan has some interesting elements.  A Droog store (the only one in the country) for one.  (Excellent.)   From what I hear, good restaurants (pizzaria and steak house).  High thread count sheets and good pillows.  An excellent and beautifully designed gym and spa.  (Really beautiful, at least the one called Bamboo.)   Some great art.  The hardware in the hotel (like the surround for the staircase going up to the second floor) is terrific.  But the physical plant is just your standard ticky tack.  Cram a casino in an ugly building kind of thing.  Sort of weird.  And the rooms (unlike those at the Encore) were not beautiful.  The bathroom had great proportions but the room was long, narrow, and not pretty.   But it is a great location for many things, including the easy access to the Strip's amazing restaurants.  And there's that pool and gym.   Breakfast was included, and the buffet was fresh with some completely decent and delicious choices.  (Not a buffet fan myself, but as long as I can eat real food, I'm happy.)  It was a good choice.  Check out my Encore review though.
4	Pretty nice casino but its easy to get lost in. I had trouble finding my way to the Buffet and had trouble finding my way back to the Aria. Im sure its harder than hell to find the hidden Pizza place even with directions.
2	what to say?...  So we arrive and after waiting for an hour to check in we are told that we are going to be charged an additional $450 for incidentals for our stay, then we were told that it was just a hold, then we were told that since we prepaid over the amount for the rooms at booking there were to be no charges.  He did need my credit card for verification, which he immediately charged the $450 to which I didn't know until checking my account.Then upon arrival to our room we noticed housekeeping pulled a splash and dash, and nothing was really clean.  Our terrace had the remnants of a broken glass and some kind of juice stain all over it.  We called 4 times to have housekeeping come out, and they never did.  Even on the daily housekeeping routines they never checked the terrace and never ran a vacuum.  Throughout our stay we also noticed things like chip crumbles in the hallway for 2 days, a water bottle on the floor in the ice room for our whole stay and numerous other things that fell back on housekeeping.  For a hotel this nice I would hope for some cleanliness!I never heard one story or saw anyone win anything on the casino floor.  The bars where cool, the breakfast at the buffet was good (way better than buffet food!), the restaurants and shops all were great.Now I am back home and checking my accounts and I see they charged me an extra $200.  Just a one time charge of $200 3 days after my stay.  I would have checked my itemized receipt that I was promised in email at check out but I haven't received it.  I can only assume it is for the broken glass and stain on the terrace that was there when we arrived but who knows...  I have tried to contact them 4 times today and whoever the operator tries to put me through to the phone just rings until it goes to a busy signal and hangs up.Oh and the stupid tv control thing, yeah its a pretty neat idea to have all of your room controls on your tv, but the thing had to be reset constantly just to function as a tv.  Then when we tried to order a movie one late night and it didn't work the tech noticed that I was never properly logged into the system.  He called the front desk and had them log me off and then back in.  But they all forgot to tell me that after that my keycards wouldn't work anymore.Overall, I wouldn't recommend staying here.  The service is slow or non existent, check-in is not only slow but charged me unnecessarily, compared to other casino hotels we have stayed at the cosmo is expensive, a tad rude, dirty, and in general not worth the hype.
5	The chandelier in the middle of the hotel is ridiculously beautiful!  Stunning!  And I'm kind of a hotel snob, so it takes a lot to impress me.
5	It's all about the Cosmo! My two hotspots i had to visit were at the Cosmopolitan. Wicked Spoon Buffet and The Pizzaria. Walking through this hotel to get to these places were alot of fun. Random things all over the place. Maybe not those bunnies on the commercials, but shoes in the middle of nowhere, cool cigarette dispenser looking things offering artwork. Sparkly stuff. I loved walking through this place and hope to one day stay here and party at the Marquee.
5	I didn't stay here but next I will be! I went there to see a concert, Nas and Damian Marley!! They were both amazing but that is a different story. The concert was in the pool area and one of the best venues ever! Not only is there plenty of cozy places to seat to enjoy the show but you can exactly see the stage and everything going on.  I do not like standing in the front because I am short and can never see anything. Plus I hate people stepping all over me and getting all up in my personal space. We were not even close to the first people to walking into the venue and we still found two lounge chairs in direct view of the concert. We sat there the whole time. We stood up to dance and mingle but we didn't have to move once. The hotel it self is by far the most classy and vibrant hotel on the strip. The lighting and the unique design makes it undeniably the hippest hotel in town!
5	Let me start by saying that I received an invitation from Cosmo so I got a really good rate. (will not detail that as they wouldn't be happy to find out it's on yelp) Our room is on the 30th floor, the highest in the lower section.  Elevators are seperatedly operating for guests who live on or below 30th floor, 31-47th floor, and to the top of the roof.  Everything from the TV system to books left all over the room are well designed, chic and relaxing.  The Japanese soaking tub next to the telescoping glass overlooking the skyline has a second-to the-first increditble view after the breathtaking scene at the balcony.With complimentary wifi, this modern mecca is the latest addition to the strip and where you should to be when you're in Vegas.
4	This is 2-part review. First I am reviewing the Cosmopolitan as a place to party. In the second part, I review it as a place to actually stay.I put off reviewing this joint for a long time. But since it's all Hipster Vegas ever talks about these days, might as well bite the bullet and kvetch about it. I'll start with the considerable positives:Upon entering the Cosmopolitan, the first thing you'll notice is that every square inch is encrusted in bling. It's like Bob Mackie rose from the grave, snorted a trashbag full of meth, and went apeshit with a BeDazzler. I personally dig this kind of over-the-top-opulence (it's Vegas, hello!), and the glitz is mitigated by the clean modern lines of the actual architecture, the abundant works of art, and the lavish distribution of kooky knick-knacks and gew-gaws like old-timey telephones and Foosball tables. Basically, it's the hipster equivalent of TGIFriday's.Aside from the decor, what I like about this place is that there's ALWAYS something going on in there, nightlife-wise. And I'm not talking about the douchebag nightclub -- Marquee (as it is called) has nothing to distinguish it from all the other douchebag nightclubs in Vegas, aside from the exceptionally convoluted and tightly-packed mass of whores and morons out in front, trying to get in.  Once a new hotspot opens, the herd will migrate to that...but for now, Marquee is it.My advice, when coming to the Cosmo at night, is to avoid the 3rd floor entirely, which is where the aforementioned mass of idiots congregates. Instead, stay on the ground floor and enjoy one of three AWESOME options:1. Book & Stage bar pretty much always has some awesome band or another jamming out -- FOR FREE! Not Top 40 cover bands -- REAL indie and alternative bands that are very often totally awesome. And the drinks are reasonably priced, for a Strip hotel.2. Bond Lounge is lined with floor-to-ceiling Strip-facing windows that make for some amazing people-watching...and if you drink enough, you can pretend to be one of those Amsterdam prostitutes that sit in storefront windows advertising their wares. A girlfriend and I once flashed our hoo-ha and boobs to a passing sailor, and the double take he did was priceless! 3. Vesper Lounge, while offering the sort of overpriced "mixology" Cocktails (with a capital C) that I normally despise, is an EXCELLENT spot to sit and watch the hordes of sluttily-attired girls making their way from the valet over to the nightclub. On Friday and Saturday nghts, they just keep coming -- wave after wave, a tide of spawning salmon tottering upstream in sky-high stilettos and muffin-top-hugging Bebe hemlines that must be continually tugged at to keep from exposing the asscheeks to the wrong mating partner. It's great fun to watch!Aside from the nightclub, the only real negatives here are the pretentious and overpriced restaurants...and the fact that the clientele of young, fashionably-attired hipsters can become EXTREMELY GRATING and ANNOYING, especially when every other person is wearing those big clunky glasses with the black plastic frames that seem to be the required uniform here. I'd almost rather hang with the 'roided-out Afflicition & TapOut-clad douchebags at the Hard Rock than suffer through another night surrounded by twee dickheads in argyle sweaters and corduroy jackets. And I'd DEFINITELY rather hang with the toothless fanny-pack and Nascar t-shirt set down on Fremont. But, sometimes you gotta suffer for art.And what I mean by that: one night, a couple of hot girlfriends from out of town and I went over to XS (NOT my idea, I assure you). The hydrocephalic dickhead douchebag at the door wouldn't let us in without paying a $20 cover, so we bailed on that and went over to the Cosmopolitan instead, where we stumbled upon a trio of European DJs wearing giant papier-mache teddy bear heads, spinning freaky European electronica to a crowd of bean-eating ravers at the Bond lounge. Totally unexpected, totally surreal, and TOTALLY FREE! That's the kind of shit that happens at the Cosmo....and that's why I forgive them their arty airs.
3	This is part 2 of my Cosmopolitan review. The first part addressed the Cosmo as a place to party. Now, I'm here to tell you what it's like to actually STAY here.A friend of mine shelled out major coin to get a suite with a wraparound balcony overlooking the Strip, and it was actually kind of a disappointment! The room itself was AWESOME -- bad ass decor, full kitchen and bar, lots of cool art books all over the place, colored pencils on the desk and funky furnishings as far as the eye could see. The fridge minibar was filled with ironic hipster drinks like Pabst Blue Ribbon and Yoo-Hoo, and the minibar also very thoughtfully included a pair of binoculars, which came in VERY USEFUL for spying on people from the balcony. I watched a mook in a hot tub 30 stories below rolling a joint...and watched some cops arrest some poor fool in a pickup truck in the Aria valet...all from the comfort of the balcony. GOOOOOOOOD TIMES!HOWEVER, the balcony was the main reason he booked the room -- the plan was to sit outside at night with a doob and a stick of incense, ruminating on life and whatnot -- but the BRAIN SHATTERINGLY LOUD thumping and bumping OONCE-OONCE-OONCE from the g.d. stupid nightclub 30 stories below TOTALLY RUINED that idea. It was SO LOUD out there, he literally had to keep the sliding glass doors shut the whole time, and had to sleep with earplugs in. Caveat emptor!! And it NEVER STOPS -- once the last addle-brained party whore stumbles out at 5am, the whole f*ckin' circus starts up again for Marquee's poolside Dayclub. Arrrrgrh! If you want to use your balcony at all, and be able to carry on a conversation while doing so, better git r done between 5-9am, as that appears to be the only time that place shuts down to swab up all the spilled vomit, piss and amniotic fluid.Another beef was the room service: it SUCKED! I tried to order something from the extremely limited menu only to be told "Oh, you must have the OLD room service menu...we changed it! Would you like us to bring you a new one?" Uh, YEAH!! It took them so long (40 minutes) to bring a new menu that I had already gone online, looked at it on their website, and placed my order. And it's a good thing I didn't wait -- because they brought us the SAME DAMN MENU again! The "old" one!!! So now we had two obsolete menus.. which really didn't matter, because the limited selection of shitty food was a disappointment anyway.My third and final beef was the WiFi connection. It is impossible to go online with an iPad (my friend and I tried on both of ours), and unless your laptop is directly plugged into the ethernet cable on the desk, you can't even stay online on a laptop very long before being kicked off, over and over. VERY annoying. In summary: if you want to enjoy your balcony, either get a room facing away from the Strip, or come here Mon-Weds when the stupid nightclub/dayclub is closed. Bring binoculars (or pay out the ass for the ones in the minibar). Don't order room service, and leave your iPad at home.
5	amazing decor.  amazing ambiance.  tons of aweseome food options and multiple pools on mutliple floors. tons of beautiful women lounging around the pool and the bars.  i dont know if they are hookers or not, but they are great fun to check out
4	I absolutely love Cosmo.  Not only are the new restaurants pretty darn good, but it's visually stunning.  I love the lobby area from the main entrance, where the columns are large screens.  Not to be vulgar, but it's a visual mindf&^k.  Don't come here stoned.  Trust me.Anyway, great restaurants, great discounts and rewards with their casino card (free), so grab one.  If you give your name and number they'll give you $10 to play on the slots.You cannot go wrong with a sparkly, shiny, hip hotel like the Cosmo.
4	Finally got a chance to stay at the Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas. We booked a Terrace Suite on their website for around 140 a night midweek. The room itself was average. It lacked many of the techy features prevalent throughout many of the other newer Las Vegas mega-resorts and recent room renovations at some of the older joins - iHome, electronic curtains, etc. An odd omission for a supposed five star luxury resort. The number one feature by far is the balcony. Our room on the 21st floor of the East Tower overlooked the North strip with great views of the Fountains of Bellagio. My second favorite thing about the room would have to be the bathroom. It had a similar arrangement to Aria's standard guest room bathroom facility with a shower/ jacuzzi tub combo. I did find the windows that look into the shower area of the bathroom a bit odd, but the rest of the layout was very functional. The room also comes with a coffee maker, dish washer, mini bar, and 2 tvs (no tv in the bathroom sadly). The entire resort has free wifi too which is a major plus! One of the best things about the Cosmopolitan may be its small footprint. The layout is almost akin to a Downtown Las Vegas resort plopped right into the middle of the Strip. The resort is built right up to the strip, which makes for short walks onto the strip if you are staying in the East Tower. Another benefit that the hotel has is that its parking garage is underground. Just like at Palazzo, you are able to take the elevator directly into the lobby. If you dont wan't to walk through the casino to get to your room, request a room in the West Tower (all the City Room's are in this tower). The East Tower, however has the better views. If gambling isn't your thing, Cosmo's multi level layout allows you to bipass the casino by walking through the 2nd (shops + restaurants) or 3rd (restaurants) floors. The 2nd floor (near the shops) offers a direct connection to CityCenter via a pedestrian bridge over Harmon.
5	A CliffNotes review of this club is all that is needed.Awesome venue in virtually every way - great, diverse music, huge space, stiff drinks, and an upbeat and friendly crowd (which is surprising for a venue this badass and high in demand).Needless to say, be prepared to wait awhile in line (although my girls and I lucked out). Also, if I had any complaints about this venue, it'd arguably be one - the bathroom is a schlep from the bars and the dance floor, so brace yourself - or rather, your bladder. Nonetheless, this is a journey I'm willing to make for this place - it's just that good. A definite must on the pit stop list on your next trip to V-town!
4	Beautiful, luxurious, and decadent hotel.I love the girly vibe with all the crystals, modern artwork and lush colors.  My friends and I booked a Terrace Suite, Terrace one-bedroom and a City Room.  All were amazing and clean.  I loved the suites because each had a balcony overlooking the city and a huge tub for some serious relaxation.  There was a lot of counter space and mirrors which was a plus for when a bunch of girls are getting ready to go out!What I love about this hotel are the many restaurants, bars, shops and places to sit.  The restaurant selection was pretty amazing and our group chose to dine at Scarpetta and Wicked Spoon (both really really delicious!).  I was able to check out the Bamboo Pool which was relaxing and also Marquee Dayclub and Nightclub...always a good time when with my girls!I was extremely happy with my stay except for the fact that some of the staff were a bit moody and gave some unwanted attitude, otherwise Cosmo would have been 5 stars all the way!
5	One of the Best establishments in Vegas!  I had no complaints at all. Excellent service, Friendly staff.  Eye Candy, Small Gaming area, purple hue lighting everywhere, gigantic chandeliers.  We were on the 50th plus floor.  Might i mention the elevators are super fast.  Rooms are Immaculate and Hip.  View from our balcony overlooked the Bellagio.  Perfect setting at night during the water show.  I was pretty surprised with the self parking garage too.  Modern Art on walls, Green light Red light indicators for aisle slots making it easy to find a parking spot.  Perfect place to bring the Ladies!!!!
4	im such a cosmopolitan fanboy haha. love the decor and look of the casino- i think its kind of a modern yet old school vegas vibe if that makes sense haha. i've done everything at this place except stay here but i have seen the rooms and they're amazing too! bathtub and a balcony with a view of the strip haha. from marquee to the pizzeria to the chandelier bar to the wicked spoon buffet to the book and stage sports book - i love it all! major plus is their identity points program where you get points for gambling, shopping, drinking, or eating on-site. im slowly but surely accumulating enough points where fingers crossed i can one day stay here at a discounted or comped rate! i go to vegas a lot and stay at various hotels but i always make it a point to come check out the cosmopolitan! reserving that 5th star for when i finally get to experience a stay here haha
3	The hotel is very glitzy.  Was disappointed with the room because I thought it would be just as impressive as the initial walk through the casino was.  The beds are super comfy!Hung out at the bamboo pool all day this past Saturday.  The food was pretty good.  Don't get the shrimp cocktail!  They only give you three shrimps =/.  I got to try the cuban sandwich.  So delish!Ordering the drinks at the bar was such a pain.  The bartender was really slow and didn't put enough tequila in my overpriced margarita  :(  Never went back to order from the bar again and ordered drinks from our server.  The grape escape was pretty good.  The club at the hotel was pretty fun.  I liked how we didn't have to leave the hotel to party...
4	The Cosmo is RAD!  I LOVE the decor and kinda swanky old school feel of the place.  So much attention to detail.  The lobby with the plasma pillars was really cool, we happened to be down there when it switched from day to evening mode- so pretty!! )  We stayed a couple of months ago to see the Black Keys (who played an AMAZING show at the cosmo)  and had a terrace studio suite that was SWEET!!!   This is silly... but i just loved how every little detail was decorated.... even the wallpaper in the closet was super cool.  We did have a tiny issue with our tickets for the show and i would have liked to see the hotel staff handle things a bit differently.  But all in all... i loved the hotel. the chandelier bar was beautiful!!!!   And i got a great burger from room service at 3 in the morning... 30 bucks for a burger... but damn it was tasty!  oh yeah.... even the garage was cool.  Obey Art everywhere!!   check out the owl on the 4th floor!
4	its a nice hotel.. i havent been to the hotel rooms yet, but marquee is there, which is the new hottest club.. i wish i could say more, but i was only at the cosmo for about an hour...
5	Simply put, the best place I've ever stayed in LV. I highly recommend.
5	Wow, what a GREAT place.  I'm pretty sure I've found a favorite.This was where the BF and I stayed for our first night.  When you walk into the place, it just looks classy - the chandelier's, the decor - I was enthralled.  Our room wasn't ready right away so we went and had lunch, but no sooner had we sat down then they called to say the room was ready.  Fast!  The room was a standard room (so they say).  When we walked in, the bathroom puts my office to shame.  Not only was there a separate shower, toilet and bathtub, but I didn't have to share a sink (ah, the little things can make me so happy).  This had a separate "living room" with its own TV and the "bedroom" had a TV as well.  When you walk out onto the balcony, the view is of the Bellagio fountain.  So a good view during the day AND at night.  The pool was nice, though we only stayed long enough to get hot and have a few cocktails.  I ordered the Suntory Smash.  It was really good - loved the piece of watermelon that came as a garnish.The casino itself is pretty standard - has all the right tables and slots (and numerous bars scattered all around in case you might want a drink).    One day we did go specifically to a bar called "Bond" - nice layout, great place to people watch and the drinks were good.  For my second trip to Vegas - was a great place to stay, eat, drink and loose money (okay would have preferred not to loose money, but ah well)
5	The premier place to go for Ballin Ultra Douches. Hit up Marquee, their night club, which, from what I saw, had about a 10:1 female to male ratio, and that's being modest.
5	LOVE
5	Loved it here!! I had the pleasure of staying her Valentines Day weekend. As you would imagine, everything here is absolutely beautiful Youthful, modern and chic! The room was very spacious and was very clean and modern. The decor was great. I loved the one click on and off lighting. And the ability to close off rooms. However, I was able to hear the people above our room. So the snack area... my fault for picking each item up and reading the information on what exactly they were. However, a really friendly lady at the desk during check out took off all the extra expenses. She also told my boyfriend (I was still getting ready upstairs in our room) that there are secret rooms located throughout the hotel. She knew this because she was applying for the managerial spot and only they were shown these rooms. So oops, I might have let the cat out of the bag- if this was true, you know?The morning we left we ordered room service. Nutella stuffed french toast = great bearded jesus that was delicious.  While staying here I was also able to go to the spa which I also wrote a review about here on Yelp. My boyfriend played the back jack tables downstairs and when I came down after the spa him and the floor managers were laughing and smiling from ear-to-ear. I would write more about how amazing my experience was here but I'm too lazy to write a whole essay.
5	I'm going to be honest, not sure what some people are complaining about. I stayed from May 6-10 and didnt want to leave. YES, I had to wait a hour and a half for my room at 5 o'clock. How did I remedy this? Holstien's while I watched the Bulls playoff game. Never been so full off a turkey burger, it was delicious. Went back downstairs got keys, and went up to my terrace one bedroom. To keep from restating the coolness that is this hotel from other people, i'll give some notes:Room: way bigger than expected. I was there on a busy weekend, and was STILL offered upgrade due to girlfriends birthday to a room not published online with 360 degree views but no balcony. I stuck  with my room and was NOT dissapointed. People say that you cant share this room because you can see in bathroom. Garbage. I had friends in a penthouse in MGM visit and just closed the shades, and wall perforation, you couldnt see a THING in there. (By the way my friend said he LOVED Cosmo and hated his choice of room. In your FACE bro, told you.)Hotel: THE place to be. If you want to be in the middle of it all, THIS is where it is. The whole "earth shaking noise" people complain about is non-existant in my eyes. I was on 38 floor in east tower too, so it wasnt i was too high, you people are complaining just to do it. Shut yo face. Only saw 1 pool but hell, that was impressive enough. The stores are great in the fact they are unlike the rest of the stores you are tired of seeing on the strip. The whole place feels new everytime you look at it, it was refreshing.Restaurants: holstiens got my business twice. Delicious, son. If I had to give kudos to just ONE other restaurant i couldnt, because the buffet and the pizza place took my money ALL weekend. The pizza is great for that late night bite, or nuked in the mic for vegas breakfast. The buffet had unlimited mimosas and crab stuffed salmon. Nuff said.All in all i'd never stay anywhere else. the balcony for breakfast, a drink, and whatEVER else comes to mind when you have a strip view balcony and a sig other (ahem) cant be beat. Ignore the hate, see for yourself. And if your friends book somewhere else, well the will hate you, but whats vacation without the jealousy stories??
3	from beginning to almost end, the stay was wonderful. we got to the hotel at about noon and they were able to get us a room before check in. and allowing us to check in before check in time was great, but a complimentary upgrade to a terrace suite on the 60th floor was even better! the view was absolutely breathtaking!! they gave us a view of the entire strip and we were able to watch the bellagio water show from our room comfortably. the hosts were accommodating during check in and check out. the concierge was friendly. and the staff was always smiling. i loved it! the rooms: we had a one bedroom terrace suite so there were two tvs - one worked properly and the other one worked only half of its destiny. when we clicked the tv to show "tv" it went blank and we could only hear the dialogue/music. it was weird but it didn't really bother us as the other tv worked fine. i loved the "entering" and "leaving" light switches too. one click and all the lights in the room would turn on and off. it was so convenient. the bathrooms: i liked how it was all sectioned off. there was a door to the toilet. the main vanity area was open and spacious. and there was also a door to the shower and hot tub. the hot tub was right next to the window overlooking the strip so it was just heaven!! they offer c.o.bigelow toiletries and a toothbrush setthe beds: soo comfy!!! i really wanted to take their pillows too. they were so big and fluffy and it gave me one of the best sleeps ever! everything was just so lush..decor: everything was modern. the closets had the fornasetti wallpaper and i found a couple mini sewing kits, abstract art pieces around the room. ipod docks. and a half kitchen (everything but the stove). ****why the negative 2 stars?? after checking out, we had a couple hours before we had to get to the airport so we checked our bags in at the bellhop desk. i knew in my gut that i should've held onto our shopping bags instead of checking them in but i decided to have trust and trust that everything would be ok. NO, IT WASN'T!! my dslr camera was GONE! GONE! GONE! GONE!!! i'm still working with security to find out wtf happened to it. OMG!!!!!!!!!!!! i was devastated. i did have my point and shoot but these dslrs aren't cheap. and the memories are completely lost. i'm still hurt as you can tell and the security guy i'm working with has the nerve to ask "what's the rush?" OMG!! 1. it's an expensive camera. 2. i want it back so find it. 3. memories are gone. i have been going back and forth with the hotel and the off-site security regarding what exactly happened and within two weeks, i reiterated my story three times including step-by-step our movements and our descriptions. the hotel didn't even bother looking at the cameras the last time i asked. AND THEY HAVE STILL NOT LOOKED AT THE CAMERAS! then why ask!????!!!!??? i'm beyond irritated. this is the very very first time something like this has ever happened in any hotel i've ever stayed at (domestic and international) so i'm not taking this very well. a better system should be set in place. this is ridiculous. btw, b/w checking in and checking out our bags at the bellhop desk, there was only a 2hour and 10minute gap. that's not very long..
4	Did a staycation in vegas at the Cosmo.  Honestly, I thought the new bugs would have been worked out. Ran into probs at checkin (ahem we don't show your rez).  Not starting out good, but I was quickly converted once the senior registration official found my reservation and upgraded the room to appease me.  Wow, well-appointed rooms, great view, the hotel decor a little eclectic, with chandeliers that I could swear were partially fabricated out of chicken wire sprayed white, but really interesting.  The view was amazing.  If I weren't a local, I'd truly feel like I was straight-wired to the pulse of vegas in that room. I liked the mirror columns in the lobby that reflected pictures as if there were built-in monitors in all of them.  Oh so soft bed sheets, almost enough to skip the night of gambling and roll around in them; so-so toiletries but a great bath/shower.  Not all of the restaurants were open. We chose Holsteins before gambling.  We started with the lobster corn dogs which i recommend and gobbled up but too few of them. I ordered the traditional burger plus aged blue cheese...i'm a sucker for hi-end stinky cheese. my date was not in an original mood so stuck with the basic traditional, which he said was perfectly medium cooked.  I'm not a burger connisseur, but the service was spot on and the food was Great!  After gambling the obligatory amount a local should, to do their share to contribute to the local economy, we had breakfast at the Wicked Spoon Buffet.  I am rarely off from work weekends for breakfast.  That said, would I come back here? Absolutely.  I really liked that the majority of the food stations served individual-sized serving dishes of each entree.  I did not have to pick the freshest looking entree among the cafeteria sized serving pans.  They were served individually.  My eggs benedict was perfect with fresh hollandaise.  I also liked their eclectic flair of brunch items with a multi-cultural flair.  I saw hummus, figs, dates for the middle-eastern taste. The fruit was as fresh as fruit can be pre-season.  A wonderful buffet, altogether.  Time will tell if they can keep it up.    The only downside is that it is quite a walk from your hotel room.  My experience would recommend this place heartily.
5	The most classy and cutting edge hotel in las Vegas. STK is best steakhouse and the chandelier bar rocks. Marquee is the best club in town. The sushi restaurant is pricey but is excellent. Their pool area and rooms are amazing. My favorite place!!
1	Never I mean never again. If u are trying in anyway to be romantic or go to bed before 5 am in the morning without earplugs. Plz listen to me!! If u are into the party all night and I'm mean all night that's cool. But the club was 25 stories below us and at 2 am we figured crash time. But no that club rocked on till 4am and u could still here people till 5 am. So if u are trying to getcaway to relax at all this place sucks.. And they do it again all day long and it was so loud the manager offered me earplugs. Just stupid. This ruined my vacation all night every night . Room was fair nothing at all to bag about. SUCKS
1	This hotel has a lot of great things going for it, but they need to hire up more cleaning staff, and the front desk people need far more training in how to check people into a room. If they fail to provide customers what they've paid for, they should try to make it up with a discount or a drink coupon or something just for good will's sake. Be clear, this is an expensive property, so I won't apologize for expecting to be checked in on time, or for the TV to work. Those aren't extras, that's what we paid for!Specific complaint 1: We checked in at 3:30pm, and our rooms were not ready. We were told that the wait could be as late as 7pm. Only due to constant calls from my increasingly unrelaxed wife were our rooms ready by 5pm. So, we were forced to wait 20 minutes standing around at the bell desk to drop off our luggage. Then we had to wander around exhausted, waiting for the phone call that would invite us to the rooms we'd already checked in and paid for. No drink coupons, no voucher, no discount, no nothing.Specific complaint 2: The television in our room didn't provide any access to movies. I had already read on Yelp that the problem with the TVs was that they had to be digitally "switched on" by the front desk during check-in to work. I tried to explain this to the front desk when I called, but instead they wasted our time and the technical staff's time by sending up tech support. who only confirmed what I already knew: the front desk needed to flip a switch to digitally connect our account to the TV. Of course, we couldn't step out while we waited for tech support people to arrive. And of course, we felt obliged to tip tech support, even though they simply confirmed what we already knew to be the problem.Also, the noise from the DJ kept us up until 4am, but that's not the hotel's fault. The Cosmo is aimed at a younger crowd, uninterested in sleeping until 4am, so that's really on me for not doing the research.The hotel restaurants were all excellent, and they've spent a ridiculous amount of money on the interiors, so everything inside is sleek and gleaming. If you came to party, and relive The Hangover, I think you'll have fun here. But if you came to relax, and check in before 5pm, and have your TV ready to work without calling downstairs, I think you can get better value at the premium LV hotels marketed to and managed by adults.Room Tip: Get a room in the tower opposite the club.
5	I am a local of Las Vegas and I love staying at hotels all over the strip just for the exerience. All I have to say is WOW! Everything from the food to the customer service is great. I will come back
5	Wow, best hotel experience ever, anywhere...coming from me, that says a lot!I travel a ton and have stayed at hotels all over the world.  They've ranged from 2-star to 5-star and my experience at the Cosmopolitan was absolutely an incredible 5-star.  To start off, you enter the hotel with a huge dramatic sign (COSMOPOLITAN) letting you know exactly where you are.  The main lobby is full of LCD screens with changing graphics that add to the glamor of the hotel.  The rooms were amazing - I believe they all have balconies and ours looked over the LV strip, which was amazing.  The room itself is HUGE!  It was basically a suite with a  separate living room, changing area, comfortable bedroom and a huge bathroom, which included a big tub that also looked-out over the strip.  There are two LCD TVs in the room and the entire thing is decorated with chic furniture.The amenities at the hotel are crazy - 3 pools (including the very chic Marquee Dayclub), the Marquee Nightclub, a handful of lounges/bars, fantastic restaurants, great shopping, an incredible fitness center and plenty of space for meetings/conventions.  The entire hotel is decked-out in modern, yet ornate furniture and artwork that really makes a statement.  While most hotels have a bit more of a traditional feel, The Cosmopolitan definitely was more cutting edge.I received excellent service and loved every part of my stay here...it'll be hard to go anywhere else after this spot.     FREE Wi-Fi in every room too!
5	I was in love with this hotel from the minute the garage elevator door opened up to introduce me to a beautifully designed lobby! My room was even better! We were here for our wedding, so we sprung for the 1 bedroom terrace suite with premium view! The view was definitely PREMIUM! Our 110 square foot terrace overlooked the Bellagio fountains... we saw the show about a hundred times and it never once got old! The bathroom had a great Japanese soaking tub and seperate shower! The Bond Lounge in the casino was extra accomodating when we told them we were interested in a table for our bachelor/bachelorette party that night! BONUS: TRY TO FIND THE HIDDEN PIZZERIA!! It's some of the best pizza outside of NYC.... only catch is that you have to actually find it! It's not listed at all by the hotel! Hint: It's on the 3rd floor down a long hallway lined with old records!My ONLY complaint was that we had a billing issue that took a few hours to resolve.
4	You feel like you're among the elite here, as well as all of the art and the chandelier lounge encircling a bar in the center is a must see! *This review is for the pool, however, so all you summer goers and river rats might want to take this into consideration the next time you're here wanting to catch some rays...*For as small as the pool is, its actually the place you want to be if you're people watching or want to be at a pool where you just want to lounge around in 2 feet of water and not submerge yourself the whole way through. There's two decks, the first one with the main pool and the cabanas on the East end overlooking The Strip below, and the DJ booth plus additional chairs on the second. You would have to get out there *very* early in order to snag a chair because they only have a certain amount, and most of them are by poolside. Their cabanas are super fancy, with TVs, coolers, couches, and even curtains to close it off from the rest of the pool to make it very private. On the west end there's foozeball tables (I know, right?!), pool tables, and even a pinball machine just in case you get a little restless. The pool itself is mainly something just to wet yourself in and lay in, seeing as how I want to say its maybe 2-3 feet deep at the most? Regardless of that, I found it to be very relaxing and a nice atmosphere.
5	Compared to Aria, I'd give the edge to Aria on the rooms, but Cosmopolitan is the best overall property in Vegas right now. Combination of rooms, Marquee (nightclub/dayclub), restaurants (buffet is a cut above), the pools, the casino, the list goes on and on. I used Marriott points - one of the best uses of Marriott points in the US today. Had I paid the room rate, I might feel different.
5	This hotel is awesome, i love everything about it. Haven't stayed on their property which I still prefer Palazzo but Marquee dayclub/ night club LOVEEEE IT and their restaurants. Hands down!!!
3	If you're over the age of 29, read this review! First off, this hotel is drop dead gorgeous. The suites, restaurants, bars, lounges all beautiful especially the Chandelier bar. Had dinner at DOCG, perfection. Room was very nice, staff super friendly. However, please know that this is currently the hottest spot for the ultra pretty under 30 crowd, I'd even say under 26 crowd. The Marquee club was very popular and it's patrons basically took over the entire 2nd floor public spaces including all the lounges. Hey if you're young an single, great but it was a tad too pretentious for this 40 year old.  Tried to get a chair by the pool at 10am, all of the poolside spots were taken and 80% were "reserved". A poolside bed will set you back $200, we were forced to find chairs on the second level areas, what a nice way to treat your guests! The hot tub was hijacked by obnoxious drunk douchebags by 10:00am, we left. This is a PARTY hotel, I much preferred the sophistication of the Encore. A word to my fellow homos, despite all the advertising in gay rags, there were only a rare few other gays spotted here, it's uber-straight!
1	It's always nice to be the "HOT" "CHIC" new place on the block in the perfect location. This type of place will make money hand over fist until their real value comes out which is perfectly NILL. Customer Service and satisfaction are what makes money for a property in the long run after the newness has worn off. With many places to choose from you better have all your ducks in a row when you attempt to get passed the everyday guest and after my recent 4 hour experience at the Cosmopolitan, I assure you if this is the level of service provided to a potential large gambler, then they will be bankrupt and under a corporate umbrella sooner than later.Long time MGM Property guy Mandalay Bay / Bellagio being my two places I spend the majority of my gaming. 3-5 trips to Vegas per year with the bankroll of 5 to 10K for the tables. With that type of consistent play certain things are expected.  A confirmed room type made 3 months in advance with a Casino Host for VIP service should be handled well as VIP Service should be.  After explaining my situation to my new host I confirmed with copy via email for a Wrap Around Suite with an adjoining Connector room as I was bringing my two nephews with me and wanted to keep an eye on the 20 something crowd as it was their first visit to Vegas. Casino Rates for room established and a follow up with my host Riley O'Neil was completed 10 days prior to arrival with all things confirmed.Note about a month ago I also contacted the Host for Marquee Day Club regarding a VIP Cabana for the weekend see later in review for results.Arrived to VIP check in Memorial Day weekend Friday, and was told by Rico the VIP check in personal that not only did I not have a Wrap around suite confirmed but they had NO Connected room confirmed and only a standard King bed Terrace Suite for me. What was I supposed to do pile cots into the room? after 5 phone calls to Riley, by both myself and Rico who by the way DOES NOT HAVE the Casino Hosts Number? No answer from Riley. Rico stated please let us give you a room and in a few hours we can get this changed an authorized. Fair enough mistakes happen.  Off for lunch were we enjoy a horrible dining experience at the overlook restaurant.  Time is ticking now 2 hours have gone by and Riley finally calls me back. Explains don't know what happen but I'll get it corrected.  Another 90 minutes go by and we head back to VIP service where Rico has no authority to do anything, no supervisors are on premise, and Riley has not at this point even called VIP Services.   4 hours now and finally get the call from Riley and get this NOT ONLY do they not have my suite, but no additional room is available 110% sold out is the term used.  He doesn't know what to do, and here I am Holiday weekend, with no rooms. Truly the cluster phuck of all time.  He states let me work on it.I pick up the phone, call my host at the Mandalay Bay "Marciano", and within 5 minutes I'm being whisked to a Jr. suite for myself with a connector and my nephews. That's how it's done folks.  By the way not one more phone call from Riley O'Neil even after everything that happened. UNBELIEVABLE is the only way to describe the level of service or lack thereof.   I lost quite a bit this trip at the tables, and the only thing that makes me smile is that none of it went towards this sham of a hotel.  Bankrupt is where they will eventually head with this level of service for their gamblers as when it's all said and done, eventually  karma is a bitch. PS: On Saturday a day after all this I get a text message from the Marquee Day Club host asking if I still wanted a cabana? LOL Imagine they can't fill their cabanas so they call me the day of? Not a call back email nothing back for the 30 days since my request Priceless and useless come to mind!Don't stay here unless you're ready for poor service and even worse a staff that simply is useless.If you want to gamble in Vegas Call Marciano at the Mandalay Bay He is the Man!
4	Absolutely a gorgeous hotel.This hotel is definitely designed for a younger, more hip crowd. It's darker and dim inside (by design, not because it's old), and there are lots of chandeliers and crystals along the ceiling and walls.Although I didn't stay here, I am definitely looking forward to coming back to either stay or have the opportunity to spend more time here to check out the rest of the resort.  We were too busy making our way up to Marquee to really sightsee =P
3	I really wanted to love this place but my first impression of everything was not so fantastic. I called ahead to ask if they had a check in time, 3pm. Our flight was landing at 11 so they said if our room was ready, we could go in right away, otherwise, the bell desk would keep our luggage safe. It took FOREVER just to check in. The service was ridiculously slow. There were two lines for any front desk service. They didn't differentiate between people checking in or out. There were maybe 3-4 people/groups in front of us and it took around 40 minutes to talk to someone. Our room wasn't ready yet and I didn't mind. I know it's early so that's fine. We had booked a package deal that came with $50 dining credit so we figured we might as well eat lunch here. They gave us room keys and said that we would get a call once our room is ready and we could just head up to the room with those keys. Since we didn't have a room number, I asked if we'd still be able to eat at the buffet and charge it to our room to use up that dining credit. Yeah, sure..no problem. They can look it up by name. (We get to the buffet and this is totally not the case.) We eat lunch, go shopping...kill time. Still no call. By 3, I was getting pretty irritated since my feet were hurting from walking around and I just wanted to plop down in a soft bed. We head back to the desk to ask about our room and ta-da...they assign us to a room. So our room was ready...but we never get a call? Annoyance #1.We finally get to our room and the bathroom door handle is broken. Broken as in you can't lock it and every time you tried to slide it shut, it would fall out. Awesome. We call the front desk to inform them. We're not too picky, but we called just to make sure we wouldn't get accused of breaking it later on. You would think they'd notice that stuff like this is broken...Next, we try to connect our iPhones to the connectivity panel on the desk to play music on the TV. Won't work. I tried to control the room functions via the TV as well. Didn't work either. I was starting to get pretty irritated. I ask the hotel to fix it and they send IT up to our room. It takes him awhile to fix it, but it finally works. He also said that connecting your phone to the panel doesn't do anything but charge it and you have to use an auxiliary cable, which they normally provide, but are completely out of. Great! What's the point of that whole panel then? Annoyance #2.The shower was annoyance #3. I tried taking a warm shower and the temperature would not stay steady. I'd turn the knob up a little to make up for the chill in the water and it would turn scalding hot. Turn it back down, it would be warm for 2 seconds before getting cold. Repeated this process for the duration of the shower.Another gripe, there's no security at the elevators. They don't have elevators that serve only hotel guests which gets ridiculous when everyone wants to party at the new hotel and every elevator is packed. There is a card key device where you have to swipe your card before getting access to guest floors...but I never had to swipe my card once. So much for security? People would also hop into the elevators and just ask people to swipe them up to different floors. This is what I blamed for some drunkard pounding on my door several times (along with the doors of our neighbors) at 4 or 5 in the morning.The service was pretty bleh for a hotel that makes itself look like a giant boutique. They're a newer hotel and I understand that, but surely they should have worked out all the kinks with customer service and their technology systems by now. The rooms themselves were great and fantastic...but the service definitely left me underwhelmed. This is also a party hotel. I'm not sure how many of the people that filled the lobby area or 2nd floor were even staying at the hotel, but it was honestly party all the time. The crowd was pretty young. I would go so far as to say it was closer to the age range of 21-25. However, I'm not a fan of the Jersey Shore-esque, Ed Hardy crowds.
5	BOULEVARD POOL: by far, THE BEST HOTEL POOL ON THE STRIP!I tend to come here everytime I'm off. And I always come early just because the pool and chairs get taken by 10o'clock.Everytime I come here I always sit in different spots and I am always amazed by the view. Always something different.The pool's DJ should be given a raise because he/she plays all the jams: Lauryn Hill, JayZ, Lupe...it felt like I was in a hip hop joint but, in a bikini and in the heat! lolOne time I went, there was a band playing. And another time, they were playing The Godfather movie on the marquee!Their food is pretty good, too; and not completely expensive. On the weekends, they have a bbq grill that sells grilled chicken, corn, and even sliders! It's like I'm in someone's backyard the way they've set it up.There is just so many endless things thing I could say about this pool. NEVER A DULL MOMENT!
4	Great place to people watch (or ogle as the case may be as the place drips with eye candy). The casino is awkwardly laid out and not so inviting, but the upper floors have a major groove going.  And while you're up there make sure to check out the pool deck...awesome.The buzz/hype is firing on all cylinders right now so it really is a must visit especially if you're young and beautiful. (This is the first casino I've been to that makes me feel like an old buzzard.)
5	I stayed three nights in the wraparound terrace suite and it was absolutely stunning! This is THE room to have at the Cosmo, with an L-shapped balcony along the strip as well as the bellagio fountain...built in entertainment!One of my favorite rooms I have ever stayed in, even though it only has one bedroom, you can actually lose someone in this room. Bathrooms are major for me in hotel rooms, and this room has 2 of them, both with showers. Didnt touch the washer/dryer, or the full kitchen, but its nice that they're there.There are fun touches everywhere including Johnathan Adler bookends, colored pencils at the desk, and a well stocked fridge. The Cosmo is very "young", and knows its audience, having PBR in the fridge, an "intimacy kit" available for purchase in the room, Foosball tables in one of the lounge areas, by the pool, etc.What sets this hotel apart right now is its newness. While there's certainly nothing wrong with the Palazzo, or many other hotels on the strip, they can at times, look a little threadbare. People, including myself, run these rooms HARD. But at the Cosmopolitan, the towels are still plush, the couches still unstained, and the pools still pristine.Nice music and cable options in the rooms as well, and I was pleasantly surprised with how much I like the C.O bigelow products.I can't stress enough how much I LOVED the wrap around terrace suite. Its absolutely worth the extra dollar. The balcony lets you experience Vegas in a whole new way. The Boulevard pool is a new favorite as well, very high energy, with giant showers in the pool at your disposal with the push of a button. Different levels in the pool mean that you can swim, or just lie in the pool to cool off and lounge. The food poolside was also surprisingly good, the ceviche is not to be missed! I had it twice!There's a nice covered area by the pool as well, with Foosball, ping pong, and about 10 TVs with bean bag chairs, if you just cant miss the game.As far as the shopping in Cosmo, its merely average, but only because I'm from Los Angeles and they have a lot of the same stores. They could also use another convenient store selling more than just dean and deluca.I also went to a few restaurants in the Cosmo, and the nightclub Marquee as well, but I'll save those for other reviews.Check in took a while, and the people behind me got more than a bit antsy, but it wouldnt be Vegas without a little bit of a hassle. They go hand in hand.All in all, I'd highly recommend The Cosmopolitan. Its young, its sexy, its fun. I'm personally done with theme hotels, and the only theme here is pure Vegas glitz.
5	I did not stay here i just came here to check it out this past Sunday Memorial Day weekend, this is a nice hotel very hip and lots to see the crowd here is for the younger but it made me feel young again as well lol. I do however like this place over Aria. The staff at the player club (Identity) were really great and helpful when i signed up for the card. There is three levels to this place level one is the casino floor the 2nd floor has the shopping and food places and the Marquee night/day club and the 3rd floor had the restaurants actualy i think there is a 4th floor to something else which was blocked and you need some pass to access it i didn't ask the concierge guy who was by there i'm pretty sure it was for the pool access. Anyways i know the places people talk about are the Wicked Spoon Buffet,and Holesteins. Another cool thing i think on the 2nd or 3rd floor there is an area to sit down to play games, relax and there's a pool table. This hotel will be one i must stop at on my trips to Vegas.
4	stayed at the cosmo memorial weekend, easy upgrade to balcony room,(gave desk clerk $20.). nice view and beautiful view, but was awakened at 3:30 first night there by a blaring alarm, i t was the loudest noiuse i have ever heard, after a call to the front desk it was turnewd off in asbout 6 min., not that big a deal, but kinda funny, casino was almost empty untill sat. night even then plenty of empty tables. beautiful pools but at the  boulevard pool no one seems to be in charge, couldnt rent cabana, and couldn"t even get a drink from a waitress, bamboo pool was much better very friendly waitresses and pool staff, resteraunts were great, but wish the waiter at STK had informed al cost   $150 for a 8 ounce fillet,wouldn"t mind but the other cuts were $40 $60 big difference should be informed,  my friend had a wrap around suite and the best time of the weekend was having drinks on the terrace watching bellagio show. would definitely go back. also pizza placew on 3rd floor is a blast
4	Love the look and "feel" of this hotel since I think it is beautifully decorated and the pool had a good vibe but the one downside to this hotel and one of the reasons for the one star off is the gambling.  My husband loves to play the tables, however, the limits on the tables during the weekend were outrageous.  There were quite a few tables that had a $1,000.00 minimum, needless to say these tables were completely empty all night.  We ended up leaving the casino to neighboring ones to have some fun gambling.  Another issue we had was our meal and bill at their sushi restaurant.  The food was scarce and the bill was ridiculous.  It should be a crime to charge so much for so little. Overall though pretty good hotel.
5	stunningly beautiful! this is the crown jewel of the strip right now!!!EXPENSIVE!!!!!!! nothing cheap about it!
5	oh sooooo fancy!this hotel is one of the fanciest i have seen in vegas! every inch of this hotel sparkles especially the ceilings with all the chandeliers hanging!the bars and the bartenders are fantabulous! my friends and i decided to stop by for a drink in one of the casino bars and the bartender was awesome. custom made 4  different drinks for my girlfriends and i!not much of a gambler but their slot machines are pretty generous! didn't try the tables but i'm sure they don't have $5 blackjack tables LOL!i love cosmopolitan!
4	VERY FANCY! MUST DRESS ACCORDINGLY!I swear everyone is in dresses or suits just hanging out here. Everyone dresses like they were going to Marquee.This hotel is absolutely beautiful. The chandelier is breath-taking: I don't know where it starts/ends! Gorgeous marble decor from the bathroom to the shops. This is a good place for girls to take pictures in. It is definitely worth-while to check this place out.The Wicked Spoon Buffet is worth trying also. They have other eateries as well that I like.The parking garage is cool. There is a light above everyone spot; red light = occupied, green light = vacant, blue light = vacant handicapped spot.
5	My wife and I stayed in the one bedroom terrace, premium view (east tower), at The Cosmopolitan on Thursday, May 26th, and were absolutely blown away.  It was fantastic.I was a bit worried after reading several reviews about bad service, late check-ins, stolen items, etc, but we had no problems in that area. Note that the safe in the one bedroom terrace fits a 15" laptop. It being the Thursday before Memorial day weekend, we were worried that the hotel would be packed and our room wouldn't be ready, but that was not the case. We showed up right at check-in time, 3pm, and there was little to no line at the front desk.  Our room was ready immediately.  The iPads embedded in the front desk are pretty cool, btw.  The lobby has several columns which are covered with displays that continuously loop video art.  This was particularly stunning.  I could sit at Vespers all day and just watch those. Here's a couple pictures:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5LNZ67Yw9RD6nf4_UhXOjw?select=K0MVMJyJ8JfxI6ZjktiFGghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5LNZ67Yw9RD6nf4_UhXOjw?select=o7hkknlIjqzUJC56wNPSxwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5LNZ67Yw9RD6nf4_UhXOjw?select=BUWFe82j1tPFjaaavr5Zvwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5LNZ67Yw9RD6nf4_UhXOjw?select=_97mMrbXcBUDXSARK8b9kgThe view from the one bedroom terrace (east tower) was just spectacular.  We stayed on the 66th floor. Pictures:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5LNZ67Yw9RD6nf4_UhXOjw?select=Z1Coax-_dZ3tv2H4l_kc1ghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5LNZ67Yw9RD6nf4_UhXOjw?select=nVnMnKywrRmaqbSmV_T0CQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5LNZ67Yw9RD6nf4_UhXOjw?select=UEq0ujOdz7ufjXq__SceswThe idea of sitting in the tub and enjoying the view was novel, however in practice from our vantage point you can't really see much of the strip if you are sitting the the tub. We'd have to stand up a bit to see street level.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5LNZ67Yw9RD6nf4_UhXOjw?select=TLJL74_m99-03e_sDj7FigThe rest of the hotel is gorgeous.  We went to the secret pizza place (Nico's), the Marquee, Wicked Spoon, Bond, Vespers, the Chandelier bar, and Holsteins and I have nothing but positive things to say about them.  I might write up separate reviews later. We also enjoyed room service for breakfast.  I had the eggs benedict, which was perfect.  The english muffin was still warm and soft and toasted perfectly, and there was plenty of hollandaise. Minor ding: I called to get a late check out for noon, and they wouldn't give it to me.   I understand why they couldn't, given that it was the Friday of Memorial day weekend, but yaknow, I have to say something negative here.Other than that, big thumbs up all around.
5	First off, let's start out by saying that I have been a VERY loyal patron of the Venetian Hotel, then later the Palazzo since the beginning ... I am proud to say that I have a new "HOME" (sorry guys, you were great it's now time to move on to better things)The Cosmo is bananas, great service, phenomenal rooms with very modern decor AND some of the BEST views of the strip that I have ever witnessed... I know this sounds like a commercial, but it is all true..I stayed here in late march and was actually @ the Palazzo when my buddy and his wife decided to "go the other way" and check in to the Cosmo, upon him checking in, he immediately  called me and told me to come check out his room... I was sold.. We actually called the Cosmo and they gave us a helluva rate after they learned we were leaving another hotel just to stay with them.. Alex (won't give out his last name) at the front desk was nothing less than professional and he even upgraded us to a  wraparound  terrace suite with a balcony that was literally  50 feet long on the 65th floor overlooking the world... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XRPcncnX0uI(our view was over overlooking the strip more..and MUCH higher)Two FULL bathrooms, free WiFi, full size washer and dryer (really??) full kitchen with dishwasher, Sub Zero Fridge and a wine cooler?? Don't forget the fully automated lighting system that controls the entire suite from your TV remote or other locations strategically placed by every door... Crazy..Now you will have to pay for this pizazz somewhere, and the restaurants and bars on site are of course a little more pricey than most places on the strip, but the cool factor and service is great, I suggest getting an "Identity Membership" from right outside the lobby entrance, EVERYTHING you buy NOT just gambling goes towards your rating, so you can rack up points fast for future perks...There was ONE not so cool thing I couldn't quite grip is the fact that this hotel charges you to drink the coffee supplied in the rooms. I don't think I have ever stayed at a hotel that EVER made me pay for a cup of Joe...Overall, I'll still give it a 5...OH...DO NOT stay in the West towers I did hear that the Marquee nightclub is right under some rooms so if you're trying to sleep it won't be easy... (then again, who in the hell sleeps in Vegas?? This isn't Reno)
3	This place was extremely nice. Everything from the rooms down to the casino floor. I stayed here for a conference just 3 months after it opened and I loved that part of the experience. The best was really like a cloud. The bathroom was gigantic. It is definitely an upscale establishment.Then why did I just rate it 3 stars? My first night there, at around 2 in the morning, the fire alarm went off. I raced out into the hall and there were employees there that were checking for the source of the smoke. They promptly told me to go back into my room and that if anything was found, I would be notified.First off at 2 in the morning when I have a conference to attend in a few hours, I do not like to be dealt with in the abrupt manner that the employees dealt with me. I am out of it as I had been awoken from my sleep and to not be told what was going on was not fun. The next morning I decided to find out what was going on, so I sent  tweet to the Hotel's Twitter feed. I did this as they seem to be very active on Twitter and respond quite frequently. It took two tweets to get a response and they said they would look into it. This was Thursday morning.Saturday comes and I am in the airport, waiting to board my plane and i still hadn't heard anything. I sent one last, and very frustrated, tweet. I quickly got a response, pawning the blame off on hotel management not getting back to them. Within half an hour I had my response that it was a smoldering pillow. I think they had forgotten all about my request when this came back so quickly but i could very well be wrong there.If it wasn't for how nice the hotel is, I would have given this review a 2 star rating. As such, it will be hard to get me to go back. I hear the Aria is nice.
5	Hands down, theeeee best hotel on the Las Vegas strip!! I had the pleasure of staying here during Memorial Day weekend and one word to sum up my visit would be "WOW"! This hotel is absolutely stunning. The decor is modern, pristine, and in the words of my fellow Yelper Sharen G., "SEXY!" Most importantly, I felt at home here. Unlike some of the "nicer" hotels on the strip, the age range of the guests here were on the younger side, about early 20's to early 30's. As for the rooms, they had to be the nicest I have ever stayed in! We had two connecting rooms, with one being a bit larger than the other. The larger room had 2 bathrooms and its own mini kitchen complete with an oven, full-size fridge and wait for it....a washer & dryer! The smaller room had a mini fridge and a really cool shower which had steps leading up to a tub with the view of the outside. I felt VERY spoiled staying here. There was also ample seating, tons of mirrors, cool artwork and of course, balconies for each room. We had the view of the Bellagio fountains...the water show at night was gorgeous! The hotel also offers FREE WIFI and they use C.O. Bigelow products for their bathroom amenities...very very cool.Aside from the rooms, another reason I love The Cosmopolitan is because of its ideal location. My friends & I were able to grab some dessert at Jean Philippe Patisserie at the Bellagio next door, go across the street to Planet Hollywood to grab some 'yards' and walked around the shops at the Aria also next door. During our visit, we ate at Holstein's, The Wicked Spoon Buffet and partied at Marquee (which by the way is my favorite club at the moment...the music was SO GOOD! Way better than XS!! Another bonus was we got to enter through the 'Hotel Guest' line and surpassed the regular guest line that snaked around the entire floor!). We also hung out at the pool (NOT the day club) which had a nice relaxed vibe and great drinks. As you can see, the hotel itself offers so much to see and do :)If you're looking to go "all-out" in Vegas, then I highly suggest you stay at The Cosmopolitan. It really is the best of the best!
4	Funky chic!!!This was the first time I have stayed at a Vegas hotel other than the Encore.  I was not disappointed, however, Encore is still my fav!!!  Sorry to admit that on The Cosmo's review, but it's the truth...plus...I still give The Cosmo 4 stars!!!I have no real complaints about this hotel.  The staff is great, bartenders AWESOME (Tim at the Chandelier Bar!!!), rooms are large and nice, customer service good, food is decent, and plenty to do within the hotel itself.The check-in process is quick and efficient, however, the staff at the front are not overly friendly.  They do their job, but that is about it.  Not a negative, but just expected  a little more convo and smiles.  However, Ali at the front desk is top notch...he provides the type of customer service I expect!!!  The rooms are quite large and funky.  The shower/tub area is ginormous and a huge plus.  However, shower/tub area is so large that it is freezing in there unless you are actually standing under the water.  So...didn't really get to fully use the tub area.  The vanity/sink top is a bit small for 2 people with lots of product, but not a big deal.  Other than that, the room is fab.  House keeping is very good at keeping up with messy peeps (my husBAND), but we did have 1 strange encounter with them.  My husBAND and a friend went up to the room 1 night to drop some stuff off and when they opened the door there was a lady in there.  My husBAND assumed he was in the wrong room as the lady just looked at them and didn't say a word.  He went back to the elevator and retraced his steps and ended up back at the same door.  This time he knocked and the maid opened the door and simply asked "May I help you?".  She just gave my husBAND the vibe that this was her room and not that she was cleaning it.  He finally got into the room, but just left feeling weird about her being in the room.We tried many of the bars and restaurants at The Cosmo and loved them all.  The room service food is a big miss, however.  Very bland and overly priced, but what room service isn't?The main floor of the Cosmo is predominately non carpeted and very busy.  Someone had spilled their drink and my husBAND slipped and fell.  There were many employees around, but not one stopped to ask if he was okay or to find out what happened.  I guess they assumed he was drunk.  We had to go over to security and tell them that they might want to clean the spill up so someone doesn't get hurt.  This example is my only real gripe about The Cosmo.  While they provide good customer service when you ask for it, they are not very perceptive about someone needing customer service.Oh...one more gripe.  We had booked our room on our debit card and given our credit card at check in.  When we left, our charges were charged to our debit card.  We called and were told that this is because this is the card we used to book and if we wanted to use a different card for charges we would have had to give the other card at check in.  WE DID!!!  Very strange, but whatevs.Overall a fantastic hotel and I would definitely suggest it to anyone visiting Vegas.  However, I do think the Encore has The Cosmo beat in all aspects so I will no longer be cheating on the Encore.  Wait...The Cosmo does have a better location than the Encore.  It is right near the heart of the strip and you can easily walk to everything.  With the Encore, you have to cab it everywhere.  That is a HUGE plus, but still sticking with the Encore!!!
3	Mixed feelings... Pros: This hotel is BEAUTIFUL! After walking into the lobby of a few other hotels, I was extremely happy with my choice! The swanky details used were so fun, and did not have the cheesy factor that some of the others displayed. The location is unbeatable! It is located in the middle of everything (including the walk overs). Our room had an amazing view of the Bellagio fountains. The three pools had magnificent views, and the restaurants had amazing food! Cons: I was told by a staff member that despite being open for only 6 months, they were on their 3rd director of housekeeping, and it showed! Our room was not cleaned the first day, and we had to call 4 times to get towels up to the room. We also found a roach crawling around. Another misleading factor was Marquee, the night club/day club in the hotel. They claim they are NOT associated with the Cosmopolitan. If you go expecting to be treated like a guest of the hotel, don't bother.
1	The Cosmopolitan was so disappointing! We had a 1 bed suite and it was DIRTY!!!! I don't even want to guess what the white stuff was all over the couch YUCK!  Don't get a room that overlooks the strip/pool unless u never want to sleep the noise from the night club is all night long.  We left the hotel at 1am and checked in at Hotel 32 in a loft suite. What a difference!!!!!
4	The hotel was one beautiful. Felt almost like a botique hotel. Every corner you turned had an amazing design feature. Had a two bed room was dissapointed there was not a tub only shower. Also this room did not have a blow dryer. The time it took for staff to get us one was a little longer than usual. I would not reccommend this hotel for shopping. Very few stores,however, had a great restuarant selection.
5	Wow....so this is where all the beautiful people in Vegas go to.  Honestly this casino is freakin pretty and glamorous.  From their chandeliers, to the scent of flowers flowing through the vents, all the way to their bars and lounges, this place is so damn GLAMOROUS.  Sorry, I know I used that word already, but it seriously is the perfect adj to describe it!  You could totally tell that it attracted anyone and everyone who was either from a sports team, models, actors, ballers, cougars, etc.  The check-in area is almost like an art show of lights, TV;s screens, and colors.  They also have a daytime pool party for those who cant wait for the sun to go down.  Now that I've been here, I totally understand their crazy commercial with the people and animals in the hotel room.  Lol, you gotta see it for yourself.
5	Pretty cool, pretty cool.It's fancy, but not snobby fancy like Wynn or Encore.  It's more "cool fancy" like college cool, not adult cool if that makes sense, haha.  Chandelier bar looks wicked.  Wicked spoon's good.  Tons of stuff to look at, lots of photo ops, from the weird telescopes, to the huge funky high heel stilettos in the middle of the hallways.  Lots of walking to get where you wanna go.The parking lot's cool.  Lots of levels below ground level, with digital signs telling u how many spots available left or right, green/red lights above EACH spot indicates an open/taken spot, coool.Definitely more fun and casual than Aria, etc. kinda like a fancier Planet Hollywood.
5	We had an amazing stay at the Cosmopolitan the week leading into Easter(mid-April).  The place is gorgeous and super stylish and the hotel employees were super friendly and always helpful (vs the employees in the Wicked Spoon).  My husband's platinum status got us an incredible suite with a balcony overlooking the Bellagio fountains.   The 3 pools opened up a few days before our arrival and we checked out each one.  If I understand it correctly, there are 2 hotel-owned pools and one in the center that's not open to hotel guests at night without a cover charge.  We were able to check out any of the pools during the day and the door man was surprisingly friendly for what seemed to be a swanky spot.  Bamboo is furthest off the strip and very peaceful and mellow.  Boulevard was our favorite, with a big pool and several smaller pools, a DJ and lots of umbrellas.  Free ping ping tables and fun table games.What might have been the coolest part of the hotel?  Art between the East and West towers on the 2nd, 3rd and 4th floors.  Tucked into a corner near the meeting spaces was a vintage Pez dispenser collection so it wasn't super high-brow but it was very unexpected and appreciated.If your Marriott status provides free weekday breakfast, they give you free access to THE most amazing buffet, the Wicked Spoon.  What a great perk!Only thing I would have liked to see was some drawer space.  What we had was more form and less function.I think internet service is free to all guests. The Cosmopolitan and Encore are now tied for my favorite Vegas properties.  Since my husband likes to maintain Elite status, this will probably be our go-to hotel. More than fine by me!
2	Yeah ... When it comes to Vegas, whatever is the newest is pretty much the hottest.  But I don't give a fuck how gorgeous the Chandelier Bar is. I don't really care that the bed and pillows were about as soft as a natural rack like wow. So what if Kaskade is playing at Marquee that night ... When it's 4am and I have to walk to the Bellagio to play some poker, I'd rather head back to the room and play poke her.Yeah, I may be over reacting a bit but if you're supposedly a 5-star hotel/casino you should act like one. Don't get me wrong, I absolutely loved the decor and feel of the hotel and would head back to visit, but the casino left me wanting more.That's just me.PS - I actually did stay here, not just visit the casino.
5	Love, love, LOVED this hotel! A friend and I stayed here in April to see Robyn play a concert and couldn't have been more thrilled with the hotel, service, or room. Every square inch of the place was stylishly decorated and every employee was friendly and helpful. It's a much more trendy hotel that caters to the younger crowd which was perfect for us. The concert space was amazing. They cleared all of the lounge chairs from one of the pool areas and set up a stage. They also broadcasted the entire show onto a huge screen overlooking the Strip so people walking on the street below could watch...it was awesome. I would stay here again in a heartbeat and recommend it to all my friends and family.
4	I was honestly very impressed with seeing this place. I stopped here last week Wednesday on my first day to Vegas. I was just walking around all over the place that day and on my way back to Imperial Palace... I thought I would check out Las Vegas newest major hotel and casino. It was very beautiful inside, loved the silver look and how even the outside building glistened in the sun perfectly.  I stayed around the Race and Book area, but didn't bet on horse racing or anything. The Canucks-Bruins game was about to come on and one of the big TV screens was about to come down but there was actually some kind of rock group playing at the time before 5 pm Vegas time.***This hotel and casino area did smell really good too for some reason, haha. I know that is something funny to say but it is true. I doubt I would even stay here, I bet it is very pricey to get a room.  Maybe just visit Marquee the club next time, day or night.  I don't know why but I never did get the time to head back here the rest of my trip.  I did love all the beautiful ladies I saw here as well.  They were dressed up very fashionable and all, they also seemed like they were hotel guests here just playing in the poker area and also by the Race and Book Area.I hope to see this place again next time I come back to the area. I wanna see the hotness and beauty again. It sucks too I did not get to meet up with one of my twitter buddies. She works at the place I guess as a chef.  We didn't get to co-ordinate anything and would've been cool to catch up for a bit IRL, I guess. Not in NY I guess.
5	I'm  not sure I can write enough about this resort.  It baffles my mind that at this stage of evolution Vegas has redefined itself yet again by the addition of the Cosmopolitan or as the locals will label it: The CosmoThe Cosmo is different........  I say different because, unlike the normal Casino/Resort that was once only a place to gamble and enjoy cheap drinks and subpar restaurants the Cosmo seems to hit on every single level.  Not only is almost everything from top to bottom world class, but everything inside is an experience! The selection of restaurants cause you to think outside the norm and break free of the traditional menus of cafe, buffet, steakhouse.  Each chef takes pride in playful spins on traditional menu items.  You can experience fusion in burgers and shakes at Holsteins; French & American classics at Comme Ca; sexy steak at STK; Sushi and fresh Surf at Milos/Blue Ribbon; and Hispanic Ethnic fusion at Jaleo.  The casino has several lounges; not bars.  You can expect fresh ingredients and upscale cocktails with areas to mingle around every single corner.  Pre-porhibition style cocktails with style throughout the entire property.  The spa is world class with services never before seen in Vegas.  Maybe the best part of the resort; the rooms.Almost every room has a balcony with a great view of the Vegas strip.  Some rooms even come complete with a kitchen as the original concept of the Cosmo was a condo-hotel.  If you want shopping you can have a suit created for you while sampling fine single-malt scotch at Stitched.This place offer something different as I stated before.  It's a breath of fresh air and fresh fun to Vegas.  As someone who grew up here in Vegas I'm overly joyed to have a place like Cosmo leading the charge in a new wave of thinking and a new wave of having a blast in Vegas!
5	I rarely give out 5 stars but the Cosmopolitan definitely deserves the highest praise. When you drive into the valet you feel like you are driving into a super exclusive car club even if you're driving an 87 Geo Metro. There are plenty of visually stunning points of interest in this small casino from the floor to ceiling chandeliers to the textured ceilings. Add in a hidden hipster pizza joint and a random pool table hangout and this place truly has it all. I'll definitely be coming back to try the amazing restaurants from China Poblano to Jaleo.
5	The only spot on the strip that does not make me want to barf and go home.  Fantastic, edgy, steampunk art.  Sleek and lovely, douchebag factor seems pretty low.  Intelligent restaurants and shopping designed for the more discriminating strip-go'er.
4	The Cosmopolitan is a triumph. From bankrupt to bank, the fact that this place managed to make it to opening day should be celebrated.You took my money. I want it back. But I enjoyed losing it to you. Isn't that the point? I mean, if I'm going to drop a couple hundred bucks in the casino, at least you're taking it with a smile and even a handshake and free drink, just like a used car salesman. No other casino has made me want to sit at a bar and pay for a drink simply because that bar looks like a cool place to hang out, instead of getting it for free while playing craps. So, the decor is great. The layout of the place is non-standard and strange, but perhaps that only contributes to overall eclectic feel. Two other things I really admire about this place: the Art-o-Mats and the cool common areas scattered around. There is not another casino where you can play a free game of pool and sit on a comfy couch or chair in a common area on the third floor. These subtle touches set this casino apart from the rest because it seems less obsessed with your constant gambling and more focused on giving you a great overall experience. And that's why the next time I am in Vegas, I'm going to stay at the Cosmopolitan!
5	I love it. LOVE.  I stay in a lot of hotels, and this resort was very well executed. I have been in a King Terrace room, as well as the Wrap-Around Suite.  The suite had a view of the bellagio fountains and the strip and exceeded my expectations.I think what does it for me is the fact that you know you are staying in an upscale resort, but it's not trying too hard.  Their attention to detail, the clean lines and the contemporary feel are very conducive to a pleasant asthetic.  Either that or the oxygen level is just realllly high here :). It's definitely a younger crowd and some people may sway one way or the other on that fact, but I think that was also a pro for me.The staff is very courteous and attentive, and they worked to fix a minor issue we had during check in.  The pool areas are great, Marquee is trendy, hip and fun just like you would expect from the newest and largest day & night club, and the restaurant choices are a nice addition to the strip.  I've stayed here twice now, and already have 2 more stays booked this year.  Book it.
5	We didn't stay at the Cosmo. We simply went to check out the chandelier that everyone is raving about. I gotta say that this hotel is possibly the best looking hotel on the strip. The exterior isn't that impressive. In fact it doesn't give off the appearance of a hotel. The special attention to detail is what separates this hotel from the rest.We gambled here for a little while. The service here is just excellent. They have retail space on the second floor of this hotel. Great place to take some photos. I liked the fact that when I got off the second floor escalator I saw a waiting/playroom area. Some dudes were casually playing pool in the middle of the floor. I didn't get a chance to spend more time here. Maybe next time, I'll book a room here.
4	Such the hipster kind of place to be. It's old Las Vegas style, but updated for that chic-ness that appeals to the 30-something set. I really liked the design style inside when walking around. It has a fluid kind of look to it as well for a nice flow.
5	One of my favorite hotels in las vegas. So beautiful!!
4	A 24 hour Vegas trip, what better place to stay but The Cosmopolitan. Didn't have the luxury to enjoy the facility much, but took advantage as much as we did. We did get an awesome view of the Bellagio Hotel water fountain show and arrived just in time for our dinner at STK inside the hotel. The only bummer I had about the hotel was there were no coffee filters for our fancy coffee maker, so called the front desk and was told they would bring some up. Well, 40 minutes later and NO coffee, we checked out and got our own at Earls.
5	This hotel has the best room layout I've seen to date. The spacious room includes a small kitchen, jacuzzi, big balcony with fantastic views of the strip, and two LCD TV's. Yes two.I could live here.
4	Every time I come here I like it even more. There is always new art to be discovered. Some of them interactive. One of these days I'm going to be sober when I walk through there so I can appreciate everything better. There is enough shiny stuff to make a capuchin monkey go into a seizure.
4	Review is for the interior and pools, did not stay here.The inside is dripping with chandeliers, crystals, and jewels.  Very luxurious looking.The lounge pools are crowded but a nice place to chill.  We were sitting in the shallow Boulevard pool.  Great view of Paris and other hotels from the upper levels.We also parked in their parking lot since we stayed at the Jockey Club next door.  Love the LED lights that tell you where the open spaces are.
5	This place was great.  Cosmopolitan is trendy and very artsy.  The staff were very friendly especially the guys at the entrance.  Once we stepped out, they asked right away if we needed directions,taxi, etc.  I loved their outfits.  they looked very classy with their vest and deep purple shirts.  If you like taking pictures, this place has great scenes.  There are 2 stilleo heels where this is a great place for pictures.  The candelier bar looked magficent.  Marquee is the club at the moment and it did not disappoint.  It was crowded but you can either dance inside or outside.  The balcony was great as well.  There were a few times I took a nap out there cause it was so relaxing.  The casino is small.   I will certainly stay here again.
3	This is a beautiful hotel; quite modern luxury. The rooms are great, the beds are unbelievably comfortable, the restaurants are perfect, and the pools are serene... during the week. However, on the weekends it turns into a giant party and stuff gets trashed. My stay here during the week was fabulous and fun and I received impeccable service. My stay here last weekend was just short of insanity.The lines to get into the Marquee club were out of control and the pools were so packed you couldn't even find a spot on the ground to lay a towel. Every time we went to our room there were bags of both dirty and clean towels lining the hallway as if someone just dumped the housekeeping cart. Then there was checkout... a complete nightmare as only 2 of the 6 elevators were running in our tower and we waited 30-40 minutes to cram on one (going up, mind you) just so we could stop at every floor on the way up and down to tell people we couldn't fit any more. Once in the lobby the angry crowd at the valet made us incredibly thankful for having self-parked.In summary, I will stay here again as long as they keep sending me promotional deals. However, it will only be during the week and it will only be this year because I imagine the entire place will need renovating by next year. Our bedside lamps were already falling off the headboard and the place is brand new!.
5	I give it a 4.5 stars but rounded up due to many cool people I met over at Cosmopolitan.  Despite all the great things mentioned for Cosmopolitan, I offer couple improvements that they can make:1. Marquee nightclub.  There are insane amount of people trying to get in and even for casino guests, the wait time will be 1 hour on weekend.  Once you get in, it's very crowded and one has to maneuver through traffic.  2. The pool area is a bit small considering the size of the hotel and amount of guests staying at Cosmo3. Self parking is a nightmare, it's not only HOT with no air flowing around during summer but also there are not enough stop signs in the parking lot, and you always see some crazy drivers (aka. casino clerks) rushing through an intersection without looking.  Overall, a great experience
1	Okay first off I just want to make it clear that this is a very beautiful hotel with nice chic designs, incredible views of the strip, (that's if you have the city view room w/ terrace) but really that's all they have. You know what they say don't judge a book by it's cover, well this is one of those books that look so interesting and the preface has you clinging to the edge of the seat waiting to see what happens next, but then when you open the book it's blank and on the second page it's a huge picture of a middle finger. Yeah I hope you guys got the visual of that, because that's how I felt staying at this hotel. I don't want to bore you with the fine details of the weekend but I'll give you the a cliff notes version. I promise there will be no giant middle fingers pointed at you only to the cosmopolitan. Now for the climax juicy part of the story.. So when I used the shower I noticed that the water pressure was sporadic it would go high pressure to no pressure cold then hot. I was thinking damn everyone is taking a shower at the same exact time... (I know that was dumb)  Anyways, I've never experienced that in any of the other hotels I've stayed at. I've stayed at quite a few with a whole entourage of people in one room. This time it was just me and two other people. So that's one water incident that had me scratching my head. The other was when my friend turned on the water for the soaking tub. She informed me that the water that was coming out of the faucet was brown and clear. I was like no way you're lying so I tested it myself and there it was brown water. I should've taken a picture or video so I could have posted it as proof but wasn't thinking about that. (I was pretty liquored up) I should've have called the front desk but my friend said to just deal with it in the morning when we checked out. So that's what I did... Future note if you have any problems in your hotel room during your stay make sure to call them and make sure they know about it. SO it's check out time, I was still pretty hungover from the night before checked my camera and had some pretty funny pictures from the night before great times with friends... Almost forgot about the whole brown water incident. So we get to the front desk to get in line for check out. As were waiting the two reps in behind the counter finish with the guest they are helping and they just stand there begin to converse about their weekend and about what some lady was saying to her. Yes they were talking loud enough to where I can hear them. about 2 mins go by and finally this which looked like a manager or supervisor comes out of his cave and requests those two to help the guest and looks over at me and instructs me to go to the desk and apologizes for the inconvenience. So I told the Rep her name is M@&*&. M@$*& I would like to check out and also I have some concerns about my room this past weekend. She replied oh okay I can check you out what's your room number? She then tells me okay let me get my manager... I was like okay cool you can't do anything so instead of all the run around talk to the one on top. When this guy comes out I begin to tell him about the incidents in the room and he just looked at me like he could give a fuck what happened. He showed no sympathy or care. All he said was I'm sorry but I don't see any records of you calling to inform us of this incident. There is really nothing I can do. I was like wow... FFW a little bit so we get a comp meal to anywhere in the hotel.. (per the manager and confirmed by REP) we order food at Comme C we inform the waiter that the meal is comp by the hotel and he calls to confirm and tells me that the front desk is saying no record of comp meal and there is no one named M@&*& that works down there. SO This is where I'm just really pissed and go back down and give them a piece of my mind. Also remember to get names when people promise you things. So I talk to the manager and get his name (we'll call him B. Asshat) and he tells me that oh sorry but your comp is only good for wicked spoon or one of the other cheap cafe's. Gee thanks for telling us! Maria confirmed that it would be good for any place in the hotel and to just bill it to the room. He then says look I'm taking time out to help you with this situation so what can I do to help you. I was like do your m*&%*$&%*#(# job I didn't know you clocked out to help us B. Asshat! SO I told him that I don't care about the food I don't care about anything he was gonna give me I was done. I asked him for a card and he gave me someone elses card and said I don't have any cards. Really okay that's fine I'll just write a letter to the card he gave me and make sure she knows of what happened. Well I wrote that letter and no response from her at all. Hey Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas  ,|, (0^0) ,|, never gonna stay here again!!!there's so much more that went on this weekend but I'm capped at 5001 characters.
4	This was my first time at the Cosmo, stayed 06.19 - 06.21.11. Received an invitation for a complementary Terrace Studio, F&B + Identity Play, so I decided to take them up on their offer.Beautiful 4 billion dollar hotel, contemporary, high end finishes, feels smaller than it is...The woman at check-in was my second staff impression after a very courteous doorman held the door and welcomed me to the Cosmo.This front desk staffer was robotic & soulless, the human equivalent of an ATM. I tried my best to engage her, after all I was in Las Vegas to enjoy myself and excited to experience all the Cosmo had to offer. She could care less, no welcome, no explanation of the hotel or it's vast amenities, she looked down continuously, minimized eye contact, and rushed me through the check-in process. What was the rush? Her colleagues were standing around because the front desk was so slow, no one was waiting. In the end she mumbled something about a premium view and our room not being ready. Clearly the wrong person for the job. She would be better suited in a behind the scenes position with zero guest interaction.  After check-in, things improved... We ate breakfast at The Henry, food was a 7, service was an 8, cocktails we're a 10. Then off to the LV Convention Center to attend an event.When we returned early evening, the front desk staff was very accommodating. Our Terrace Studio Suite was excellent. The view of the Bellagio Fountains and Las Vegas Strip rocked. Comfy bed with European bedding, sleek furnishings, 2 LED, HDTVs, luxurious bath, shower & soaking tub, efficiency with microwave, dishwasher & Sub-Zero, outstanding private terrace with lounger.My only interaction with the housekeeper assigned was poor. Her overall demeanor was unresponsive, like she had the life sucked out of her. Later I had a housekeeping issue so I called guest services, it was resolved by another staff member within 20 minutes. Dined at Holsteins, Kobe beef burger was amazing, mac & cheese appetizer was poor, booze-infused shakes were delicious. Overall food and service was a respectable 8.Tried the pizzeria late night after seeing Holly Madison's Peep Show at Planet Hollywood. The staff was upbeat and accommodating, the pizza, mediocre. Food a 6, service gets a 9. *Overall the Cosmo is a 5 star property that delivers a 3 1/2 star experience. I am going to give them some time to fine tune operations and try them again...
5	Holy shit fuck this place is amazing! Hands down, best mother fucking hotel I've ever stayed at!  Bars: Fucking beautiful!Pools: Off the fucking hook!Restaurants: Top fucking notch!Rooms: Jesus fucking Christ they are impressive!Sorry for the language, but this place is just that fucking great!
5	So when you come to vegas you expect exorbitance, you expect elegance, and you expect expensive. This hotel delivers on all fronts. It's gorgeous, the interior is breathtaking, the restaurants are stellar and it will blow you away.The first thing is the crystal chandelier bar that is the center focal point of the main floor. It's unbelievable, it's gorgeous, and the constant security guard presence tells you "OH SHIT THESE ARE REAL???". The other furnishings and appointments are all in line with a luxury vegas hotel. They have shops, cool restaurants, and bars everywhere. The food and the names on the chef's list are all exciting and I even saw one of their restaurants on "The best thing I ever ate" vegas edition.Simply put it's my hotel for my next trip to vegas.
5	Wrap Around Terrace Suite - Young-Fabulous feel, Mall like hotel, great pizza and restaurants! Had a wonderful dinner at Jaleo with Jose Andres stopping by our table to chat for 5 minutes.
5	I love this casino. It's definitely not your regular family type casino though. Beautifully decorated like you're at some super sophisticated hotel. The huge columns at the check in I think were amazing and changed scenes every minute. I felt underdressed just being in here.
4	Great hotel in the middle of the Vegas strip. The hotel room had a great lounge area and the bed was ultra comfortable. The shower was nice as well as the bathtub.   My hotel balcony facing the MGM Grand and Luxor was uplifting! They even have lounge furniture on the balcony that was nice to have a smoke and a glass a wine on.The Marquee Day and Nightclub are killer. The girls that work there are the hottest in Vegas and really nice. The staff is very nice to hotel guests and will let you cut in line for the Marquee Day and Nightclub.The buffet at the Cosmopolitan was the best I ever had. Every type of food you would want to gorge on, they have. The buffet is a bit pricy though. Its like $25 but your def going to pig out and fall asleep after and go rest in your super comfy bed in your room after.The only down size is that not everyone can afford this hotel. Its super super expensive. Room service charges a $5 order fee on top of an 18% tip for the room service guy. Room service for a 12 pack of beer is $95. The pool charged us $300 on saturday for two day beds, ouch!!! Our bill came out to $561.00 with an 18% tip included, but the girl was super nice and super hot, the service wasn't bad either, they treat you with respect and get your order fast because they know your paying too much. The dj's at the pool were killer....All in all, if you can afford to pay a few thousand for the weekend def stay at this hotel. If you can't be a player i suggest you stay at Harrah's with the rest of the people from the 909 and 818......only the fittest people can live this lifestyle'
4	We left LA at 1:30pm didn't get there until 7pm. Terrible traffic on the 15, you think that leaving at 1pm one would avoid traffic. We came here to attend EDC (Electrical Daisy Carnival). Us guys shared the room it was $420 per night so it didn't come cheap. Marquee pool party was the best everybody was chilled and fun. The only casual fast food available were Pizza, Chinese, and Mexican place. If you wanted wonton noodle soup you won't get it here. I think the Chinese place only offer four items, a few dim sum items.Clearly Cosmo doesn't want to highlight "food court" area. We did run into a few celeb which was cool since I'm a bit a of a sports fan. We saw Cam Newton. Russell Westbrook walked into my elevator and I recited his average game stats. He was impressed. On the way back from EDC we ran into Gus Hanson and we waved hello to him. We met many cool people and laugh the entire time.The only place open 24 hours was "The Henry" we went both nights. I ordered braised short ribs with Hollandaise sauce. It came with a demiglace sauce... borlandaise sauce? It was overly reduced and too salty.  Hotel was loud so this is not for a quite couple, but if you're sassy and roll with deep pocket you'll have tons of fun. "How do you know when you're in Vegas? When you have red bull and vodka for breakfast"
4	This hotel was bumpin. Period. The only reason for a non-5 star was upon checking in they had some issues with their computers and had to wait 45 minutes to finaly get checked in. But, they did try to mitigate the situation w/ offering complimentary cocktails and bottles of water.Other than that, the hotel room they gave us overlooked the bellagio water show and can sit on the balcony and relax....and at night picturesque,  Can see the entire strip all the way to TI. The pools were great, check out the one sitting on top of the strip. Overall the hotel reminds me of a boutique.  Quick tip, sign up for the "identity" program before you go so you would may be able to get some discounts on a room.The hotel is under the Marriott chain, so tack on your Marriott rewards # too,  If you are able to have financial backing of staying in this hotel, give it a shot.
4	nice room in the hotel. I don't know how i feel about the location since it was super far from venetian and palazzo where our friends were at. The pool on the 14th floor gets ridiculously busy fast. The wicked spoon is good in there. the mins are higher than other places and the shopping wasn't that great. I wish they had more normal store. The room with balconies def made up for it in general and there is access to everything else on the strip so not bad. marquee is also there along with 2 more pools.
5	Stayed at the cosmo when it first opened..... Ahhmazzzing!! Beautiful NO KIDS running around screming soooo beautiful the view if the bellagio water show from our balcony AND bath tub!!The bamboo pool is my favorite!! Great food good chill music . Get the edimame (you can thank me later ;)) ohhh and the fish tacos!! Can you say yummmmmmmm!!!
4	The Cosmo is amazing.. the interior designer is a genius.. So beautiful. I've definitely gotta come and stay here.. but for now I will go buck wild at your awesome club, Marquee!Until next time.. :)
3	**NOT THE PLACE TO STAY IF YOU SUSPECT ANYONE IN YOUR PARTY IS A VOYEUR...NO JOKE!**A few years ago I traveled to California with some girl friends and one guy. We all stayed in the same room. He'd told us he was gay which turned out to be a lie. He was straight and just wanted to sneak some peeks at us in the nude. Brian, if you are still pulling that stunt then this is the hotel for you.When the sliding bathroom door is rolled shut, it is made so there is a big gap and someone on the outside of the door can peer in and get a full view of anyone sitting on the toilet. Worse, there is a big bay glass window in the bathroom which looks out into the rest of the room. There is also a a set of window blinds. However, the blinds are on the outside of the bathroom so anyone in the bedroom area can open them (or peek beneath the slats) and get a full view of everything... the toilet, shower and whirlpool tub. Maybe you all don't have a buddy like I did but many have friends and family members who like to snap indiscreet photos or videos and post them online so BEWARE!This also isn't a room for kids. There is a stocked mini-fridge that has mechanisms where if you move an item for more than 30 seconds it is charged to your room. There is also the same mechanism on the counter where the same thing happens if you move one of the many snacks. It would be too easy for little hands to grab a number of treats in no time at all. Another reason these rooms are absolutely horrible for kids is because of one of the nicest features... the open balcony we had overlooking the strip with lounge chairs where you can relax and take in an incredible view. There are some bars set along the balcony's wall, I assume so a tipsy adult won't topple over or to impede the same thing from happening to even a sober person leaning over too far trying to take a photo. But those bars are like a jungle gym to a kid and one could easily and quickly climb up and over.It's a beautiful hotel and room, the whirlpool tub was quiet even though it had powerful jets, and the bed was incredibly comfortable but some of the staff seemed dull. The free wi-fi didn't work nor did the helpdesk number. When I called the front desk about this the girl kept saying "uhhhhh" and finally said she'd send maintenance up who probably couldn't have helped if they'd even shown up which they didn't.5 Stars if you want to play sexy peek-a-boo games from your room into the bathroom (funny... looking out across the balcony at Planet Hollywood  there is a gigantic mural of Holly Madison promoting Peep Show).5 Stars if you want to peer in on someone in the bathroom without them knowing.5 Stars if you like to be leered at while in the bathroom and pretend you don't know anyone is looking.4 Stars if you want to stay in a beautiful trendy hotel with luxurious accommodations and a walk-on balcony with an excellent view of the strip...to hell with the cost.1 Star if you relish privacy in your room from the other occupants.0 Stars for kids (not safe).
1	No service, no service no service. It's the little details that make or break your stay. They didn't clean my room because their policy is not to clean unless I specifically request it. I've never had to request to have my room cleaned. Sometimes I've opted to go green and ask for it to not be cleaned, but never the opposite. I wasn't happy coming back to an unmade room after a long day of conventioneering. This could have been explained at check in but they neglected to mention it. The in-room movies didn't work my first night and they didn't offer any thing to make up for it. Not a complimentary drink voucher..nothing. Too bad so sad. I had just flown in to LV and all I wanted was room service, a movie and bed. The valet wouldn't bring up my car when I called down ahead of time so my car would be waiting for me-I had to be down there in person before they would get my car. They took so long to get it I should have skipped the stupid valet and just self-parked. Room service was a minimum wait of 1 hour each time I called... A pizza delivery would have been faster, I wish I had thought of that at the time. The coffee wasn't free! Couldn't believe this hotel would nickel and dime me for the usual free coffee. On a positive note, this hotel drew in the young and beautiful crowd of people at the casinos and clubs downstairs. No grubby tourists in their Keen sandals and cargo shorts to roll my eyes at here. Not too many kids either, which I hate seeing kids that have been dragged to Vegas by parents who lack good sense. Just a matter of time before the luster of this new location wears off and the beautiful people flock to the next new thing. Then they'll actually have to step up their service. Maybe.
3	Amazing hotel, terrible service!  That just about sums it all up.- Couple of great lounge / bar areas.  Chandelier lounge was pretty sweet- Rooms are nicely furnished.  I'd make sure you're not staying in the same room as someone you don't know really well as you can see straight into the shower from the main room area- Bamboo pool was great- Gym area was really big BUT cost $15!!  Maybe this is the norm for Vegas, I don't know, but the last thing I need is any extra excuse not to workout and $15 / day to hit the weights definitely isn't helping- Service was SHITTY! Yes, so shitty that it gets all capital letters.  For starters when we checked in, there was only a line of like 3 people in front of us and it took 30 minutes - no joke.  Then when I finally did check in, the girl told me I was in a double queen room with a view of city center.  My response "Oh really, because my reservation here says I should be in a King with a view of the Bellagio fountains"  to which she got all offended and pulled the whole "well let me see what's in the system here".  550 key strokes on her screen and 15 minutes later, still nothing from her.  I finally got so annoyed that I said "just give me the freaking room you put me in so I can start drinking already"
4	This the swanky, modern new hotel on the strip.  The visuals as you walk through the place are mesmerizing - art, sculptures, strands of crystal hanging from the ceiling, the works.We were upgraded to a wrap-around suite on the 25th floor and it was probably one of the best hotel rooms I've stayed in (and I travel every week).  Full kitchen, bar, laundry, two bathrooms (one with his and hers), living room, two 50" TVs, and of course, the giant wrap-around balcony overlooking the strip (get a north or east facing room for a great view).The Bamboo Pool was very chill - two bars flanking the pool area and waitresses walking around everywhere.  The buffet, the Wicked Spoon, was the best buffet I've had in Vegas ($75 for two).The only downside was that the Marquee "DayClub" was outside our room.  Even though we were 25 floors up, we could hear this all day from about 11AM - 6PM from our room.  I will say it was entertaining to watch, the place is pretty much a live version of Jersey Shore filmed.  Not so great when we're trying to sleep off our hangovers in the middle of the day.I used points for this hotel, and apparently the suite we got would have cost $750 otherwise.  I honestly would not pay that for a room (in any hotel, anywhere), but if you've got money to spend then this is the place to be.
2	Very flashy, sparkly, pretty... AND EMPTY!! Some of the hotel is like an empty airplane hanger. HUGE, LONG hallways with NOTHING in them. You are walking and walking with nothing to look at. When you first walk in, you are in the Chandelier Bar which is gorgeous. Lots of swarovski crystals high above a regular plain looking bar. Other than that, theres nothing else to look at- at least not on the casino floor and the 2 floors above that. The only good thing in the Cosmo is the Wicked Spoon Buffet. That was amazing and I ll review that seperately. The Cosmo is also attached to a BIG mall, called Crystals. Lots of expensive useless shops that you ll never go into- much like the mall in Palzzo or Ceasars Shoppes.
4	By buddy and I checked out the Cosmo on a recent trip to Vegas.  We weren't staying there, but we checked the place out, had some food, and chilled for a bit in one the bar/lounges found throughout the property.  It's a good place.It's located in the City Center, which has somewhat of an office park feel to it.  Parking was easy, which surprised me given how busy the hotel and the rest of the city was over the July 4th weekend.  One really cool thing about the Cosmo's parking structure is they use technology to make parking easier.  There are signs indicating how many spaces are available and in which directions, and each parking stall has a sign above it that indicates whether the space is occupied or not.  These features combined made parking much easier than it otherwise would be.  This place draws a crowd, but a fun, upscale crowd by and large.  We had fun chilling for a bit in one of the several lounges found throughout the casino.  I'm putting the Cosmo on my short list of new places to stay at when I'm in Vegas.
4	This place is so sheek! Everything is so shiny and fancy, I feel like a million-dollars in that place.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this hotel.  And that is an understatement.I stayed here during a very busy weekend--in fact, I believe the Saturday  during my stay was 100% sold out.  Originally, we booked the studio suite for the kitchenette, which is one step up from the regular room.  Coming prepared, my friends and I packed more than 10 tv dinners for us to eat in our room for post-club munchies, snacks, etc.  However, when we checked in, there were no more studio suites available!!  The gentleman checking us in, offered to give us the city room (downgrade) plus $50 resort credit.  But, my friend and I kept insisting that we needed a microwave for all our food.  We tried requesting just a microwave, but they don't have microwaves at request.  The gentleman made a phone call and seconds later, the manager comes out and tells us there's something he can do.  He ended up working his magic and upgraded us to another room and said, "You will definitely have your microwave."  He walked us up to the 14th floor and showed us our "room"--a freaking two story penthouse!!  The room is absolutely gorgeous!  On the main floor, there is a kitchen with dining area, a full bathroom, 2 flat screen tvs and a living room area.  Just outside the room, there is a private terrace with a jacuzzi and direct access to one of the pools.  Upstairs, there is a king size bed, full bath, and a projection screen tv that can be hidden in the ceiling.  Oh and we can't forget...we had our microwave!  :)I do have a complaint though--I guess housekeeping didn't clean our room well enough because there was broken glass in our bathroom!  Unfortunately, I ended up stepping in it and cutting my foot and also my finger.  :(  I ended up filing a report...hopefully, that message will be relayed to housekeeping so they know to not rush during cleaning.  If this were a regular room, I'd probably do more than just file a complaint.  But, since the room was more than I could have imagined, I quickly forgot about my bleeding foot.
2	ONE MAJOR FLAWJust returned from a 3 night stay over 4th of July weekend 2011.  I have stayed at all of the high end resort/casino hotels in Las Vegas (Bellagio, Wynn, Aria, Trump, etc....).  I consider my self well versed in these hotels and their offerings.  The Cosmo is definitely new and 'hip'.  Here are my impressions of just some of the basics:LAYOUTtakes on a multi-level approach which works well, as restaurants are grouped together and the night club is on a different floor from the casino floor...this prevents foot traffic problems especially for the non-club people.  The casino is on the smaller side, but offers all the games and the cocktail service is quick.  Check In/OutWent smoothly, although the front desk personnel didn't seem happy to be there.  While standing in line, you could tell by their body language and lack of smiles that it wasn't a very 'welcome to the cosmo' vibe.  I did see lots of guests standing in line with packs of beer and alcohol along with their luggage.  For a higher priced hotel, this is not a very good sign, but this is the crowd the Cosmo is trying to attract.   POOLSThe pools were just average and I didn't care for their layouts.  There are 3 of them: The Bamboo pool is their 'chill' pool, with mellow lounge music and mostly couples.  The daybeds were arranged around the pool and many of them had semi private locations, which was nice as you didn't have to lay shoulder to shoulder with a smoker while trying to relax.  As stated before, the same people standing in line with their cases of beer, also are to be found roaming the pool areas.  Lots of chain smoking, tattooed, foul mouthed, drunk, people at the pools.  Many of them wearing long basketball shorts pulled down, exposing their underwear.  You know the type.....  again, for a higher end hotel this is unacceptable.  However, the major problem with the bamboo pool is the children.  You will find yourself getting pool water splashed into your $15 mojito when near the edge of the pool.  The life guard on duty seemed to ignore the kids diving and doing flips off of their dad's shoulders, as he was busy talking to a waitress for his entire shift.  It was a definite bummer.  The Marquis 'dayclub' pool, is exactly that, a day club.  The d-bag factor is through the roof as it would be hard to find a sober person inside.  The music is loud and the people are obnoxious.  Hotel guests get to go in for free, just show your key, but unless you paid hundreds of dollars for a 'table' you will have no where to sit.  The biggest pool is the Boulevard.  It is best described as a communal area, with some table games like foos-ball, ping pong, etc... daybeds, day chairs and small area for watching sports, similar to a sports book but with day chairs.  The music is also loud, mostly hip-hop and the food service is slow... slowest I have encountered in any Vegas hotel (approx 45 min wait for any food ordered pool-side).  the view from the boulevard pool is of the strip, you are surrounded by buildings and it's a surreal and pretty nice place to layout and tan.  ROOMS:spacious and well designed.  bathrooms are on the smaller side, as they used most of the bathroom space for their shower/tub area, leaving little room for the sinks.  beds were comfortable, sheets clean.  most of the rooms have kitchenettes with microwave and extra space in the mini bar for any left over food.  all but the most basic rooms have balconies, this is a nice touch but here in lies the BIGGEST problem with the cosmopolitan hotel.  the balconies are large with some nice lounge chairs and small table.  the views are quite nice as well, ours was directly overlooking the bellagio's lake, we could hear and see the show and it was beautiful.  the neighboring balconies are separated by a thick piece of glass, but the glass is attached to the wall in a way that leaves a 2 inch gap between the wall and the glass.  the PROBLEM is that even with the balcony door closed, you can hear every word uttered by your neighbors while on their balcony!  The rooms are all designed where the sliding door leading out to the balcony is in the bedroom just in front of the bed.  So, at nights, when your neighbors come home from partying and drinking and decide to go out onto their balcony and talk and laugh, you are going to wake up.  also, if you leave your balcony door open then expect to be overwhelmed with cigarette smoke since just about every smoker likes to go out on their balconies and do their thing.  the cosmo is a newer hotel, but it wants to cater to the younger 'hip' crowd with their style.  unfortunately is raises the d-bag factor to a high level and therefore your will be annoyed by young tattoo ridden parents and their ill behaved offspring at the pools, and foul mouthed drunkards on the balconies disturbing your sleep.  there is nothing intrinsically wrong with the hotel, it is just the people it attracts can annoy you at every venue.
5	I love this hotel. The ambience, decor, the presence and service of this hotel is perfect for those who love the glamourous fast life. We stayed here for the past holiday weekend. There weren't any Independence day decorations going on which I thought was strange but regardless of their lack of patriotism, the Cosmopolitan is pretty much heaven for the hip, young, and fabulous. They have restaurants galore, a complete casino, and one of the best clubs in Vegas. The terrace view rooms are great. They have voyeuristic bathrooms with Japanese soaking tubs and shower. The rooms are huge and they have huge balconies. Egyptian cotton linens are rare in the hotel world but they have them. Nothing is better than sleeping in a bed with linens almost as good as home. Everything is available through the television in your room. Throughout the hotel they have humongous touchscreen tvs that are used as directories for the hotel. There are screens everywhere in the lobby and the elevators displaying changeble art by different contemporary artists. There is art everywhere in this hotel. I've stayed here a couple of times and each time I always see something different. Favorite parts of Cosmopolitan:Marquee DayclubChandelier Bar - get a picture with the crystalsHolsteins - get a bloody Mary hereWicked Spoon - cheap buffet with amazing dessertsStay at the Cosmo, if you don't like it I don't know what's wrong with you.
2	Corners were obviously cut in this hotel. Trying to appeal to high class but alienating everyone. Staff is not very friendly and proper training could go a long way. Prime example was when I visited the bathroom, missing parts on the sinks, paper towels were hidden and staff was witenessed knocking on stall doors after banging every door in the room while cleaning. It was just rudeness and lack of finesse trying to rush two guys out because they wanted to clean.The overall feel is cheap once you see through the sparkly decor. Two stars only because they were smart enough to put balconies on the whole building. A strip view balcony is a fantastic room to have.
5	Love this hotel.  From the architecture, to the well thought out and designed rooms, to the selection of restaurants and shops.  This hotel has it all.  Do you like to have comps but hate to gamble?  This is the hotel to spend your money at.   Their Identity players card gives you credit wherever you spend money in the hotel.  Whether its shopping, eating, clubbing, or drinking at the bar, you will gain credits towards your stay.  We had a wrap around terrace and the views of the strip are priceless.  If you like to sleep in, think twice about these rooms as they are on lower floors and you can hear the music from marquee and the day pools in the morning.
5	I stayed at the Cosmopolitan for the first time this 4th of July weekend and I will definitely be going back. The ambiance is awesome and the staff is so friendly and helpful. I lost my ID at the pool and the Lost & Found department was closed until the next morning. Danielle at the front desk was so sweet and extremely helpful in helping me get it back within 5 minutes.We also experienced great, friendly service at the Vesper and Bond bars and the Bell Desk.Thank you for making our stay so enjoyable..see you soon!
5	This is the newest casino in Vegas and in my opinion the fanciest.  The first thing I saw when I walked in was Bond bar.  There were girls dancing in the ceiling.  The DJ booth looked like it was from Tron and he had a guy suit playing the electric guitar behind him.  Walked to the next bar Chandelier which is a multi-level bar in a big ass chandelier.  Every floor was doper than the last.  Plenty of table and easy access to the bartenders everywhere.  I've never seen a place like this.  Next I walked thru the casino floor.  There was club music playing and no old people or kids.  I busted out the expletives and did my philandering.  And I gotta admit this place had HBD, high bitch density.  Top caliber too and that's not the alcohol that talking, because I noticed a light peppering of mingas in the mix.  Even my gay buddy said he was going straight for the night.  I eventually made my way to the front of the hotel near the check-in area.  They had these 6x6 mirrored columns running along the floor.  But they weren't mirrored.  They was LED screens!  I was checking my hair out in my reflection and all the sudden the image changes.  Blew my mind.
5	Cosmopolitan is the hot young neighbor to move to the center of the Las Vegas Strip. Imagine a sleek boutique hotel on a much grander scale.The Day and Nightclub, Marquee includes a breathtaking pool (See my review). Other lounges including Bond, Vesper Bar in the Lobby, and Chandelier Bar (a 3 story lounge with the perimeter enclosed by giant crystal chandeliers). Cosmopolitan may not host Cirque du Soleil daily but they do boast an impressive changing lineup of Top Performers. A weeklong stay almost guarantees you could catch a great show.14 restaurants include Scarpetta, an Italian Restaurant yelp rated as 4.5/5 stars. The rooms are minimalist yet elaborate and you can snag a 1,000 sq. ft. suite with 1.5 bathrooms and a view many weekends for $600 a nt. Second to Bellagio this is the place to stay on the strip.
4	Not staying just passing through - would definitely would want to stay here if in my budget - which I doubt, so Bally's it is.It's very pretty inside - love all the chandeliers and crystal draping.  All the furniture is very modern & hip - and I'm still walking through.Love that the public restroom has instant warm water - I usually have to let it run to get warm.  Their hand soap smells so lemony.The pool area has a cool view of the strip.
5	Gleaming with sparkling chandeliers and fused with integrated digital modern technology, The Cosmo is the newest and most progressively modern hotel on the Strip. Exuding modern chic opulence, this impressive artistically-designed hotel attracts upwardly mobile, sophisticated young crowds and party people who book early for great rates ;)Yes, I highly recommend it! Yes, I definitely will be staying here again! ------------------What's more: THE ROOMS are designed for modern comfort. Sleek, modern interiors with high ceilings and mirrored walls; brilliant character wall papers; glass showers and double sinks; and digitally synced controlled heating, lighting, room service guide and Sirius music through the wide screen HDTV. Everything was better than expected, except that there was no iPod player (Cord to be purchased for $20). THE POOLS are incredible. The Bamboo Pool is the 'loungy' pool (ideal for relaxing/swimming - families). The Boulevard Pool has tables and cabanas right along the foot-high water; a pool and TV area and jacuzza (ideal for tanning/hanging out - younger crowd). Marquee Day Club pool has the beach parties and the DJs spinning all day (ideal for dancing/drinking - party crowd). THE CLUB - Marquee is absolutely breathtaking. Huge dancefloor with high ceilings and opens up to a lit-up palm tree walkway and poolside. One of the best I've ever experienced. THE RESTAURANTS offer something for everyone. We tried Jaleo (a trendy tapas restaurant - good for girls) and Hosteins (a trendy burger spot - good for everyone, recommend!)SAHRA SPA & HAMMAM offers full luxury. When booking a service, you're entitled to use the private pool, showers and steams and fitness facility all day. With the Swedish massages we had and all the extra perks, I've never felt so pampered!FREE WIFI in the lobby too!
4	its very chandeliery lol & glittery kindda - its kindda smaller than the other casinos - the entrance is tight tho w/ the cosmo sign - marquee is always packed up the ass so good luck tryin to get in
5	Okay....just back from my 38th trip to Vegas (we were there for 10 nights and spent 4 nights at Caesar's in the spa Augusta tower, 3 nights at Cosmo, 2 nights at PH, and 2 nights at Aria).Wow wow wow....I have stayed in almost every hotel on the strip (except NY NY and Wynn and Tropicana)...you cannot put a price on that terrace...and to be there on the 4th and watch the fireworks off the terrace.Room was awesome...check in was quick (went over at 7am and they pre-checked us in and we were in our rooms with bags from bellman by 10:30 am).  Love the casino and the lounges and the slots and the drinks...best floor drinks on the strip.Every employee we ran into was top-notch from front desk to bellman to floor waitstaff to the dealers to the slot attendants to housekeeping who upon request brought more hangers within 15 minutes of the request.Plenty of storage (as there is a mini kitchen that makes for good storage for clothes).  No bad charges from the mini-bar...never went near it.  Holstiens food was yum yum yummy...had it twice.Did I hear the club...yeah a little but only around 4am when the rest of the strip was quiet and I would get up to use the restroom and I would fall back asleep within 15 minutes.  My husband NEVER heard it and he rarely sleeps well in a hotel and slept like a baby all three nights.  The bedding and towels are awesome.  Honestly I don't have anything bad to say.IF I rated the four hotels we stayed at Cosmo is number one, Aria a close second, Caesar's third but the bathroom was amazing, and PH (well its PH...it was free).  We also stayed at Caesar's free and paid 79 a night for Aria and all total for Cosmo just under $500 with taxes and fees for Friday, Saturday, Sunday over the July 4th weekend....not bad.One negative is that it is a happening hip place and loaded with the young crowd (we are early 40's) so that can be a little overwhelming, but hey more power to them.  Also there was a murder in front of the casino and CSI was there all day blocking most of the entrances on Sunday (I think it was Sunday...too many martinis...big blur of fun).
2	Checked this place out on our latest trip to Vegas. Every year we make a 2 week trip out there so of course we had to stop in on the newest place.Its a nice hotel, I'll give it that, but the place just isn't for me. Yes its very flashy, with a rumored $30 million chandelier that sits in the center, and even has a cool looking lounge inside of it. Its just really, shall I say it - Rowdy? A very young crowd. Think Palms meets the Hard Rock. Drunken guys walking around even at 10am on a Sunday. I can only see trouble coming out from that.Definitely a place to go if you're looking to be a douche for the night. Other then that, the decor is really trendy but it just doesn't stand out from all the other nice hotels on the strip.
5	I love Love LOVE this hotel. If you stay here, you MUST get a room with the Japanese soaking tubs that faces the North end of the strip.
4	The drive up to the 'C'osmopolitan is impressive; as is the check in; as are the guest rooms; as are the cocktail lounges and restaurants. Many hotels/resorts go out of their way to ensure the entrance, lobby, common areas, etc. have that 'wow' factor and the 'C' is no different. The great thing about the 'C' is they carry the wow factor into the guest rooms and throughout the entire property.  The crowd seems young, young, young...and I'm amazed at the lack of clothing worn in many of the common areas (away from the pool).  I could care less if the pool areas were clothing optional, but near the restaurants/bars/shopping areas, I don't need to see all that skin and/or bare feet.  But enough about that.  Simply put: The property is impressive!  ...and my stay was great, but not without a few hiccups. Cool technology:The parking garage has green/red lights above each stall so you can immediately locate available parking spaces from several rows away. LCD screens throughout the property all responding in unison (whether music videos or simple electronic patterns) -- particularly impressive are the screens at the front desk. Many of the posted menu's and advertisements are actually interactive screens. In the guest rooms, the temp, the lighting, the music, etc. are all programmable through one of the two large, interactive LCD TVs. The technology is very cool!  The Guest Rooms:My room was large with a living area (including seating/TV area, kitchenette and work station--free WiFi), a dressing area, a bedroom (w/ a second TV) a large bathroom (including a separate tub, shower and toilet closet) and a large deck with an oversized  lounging chair.  I have to say, my favorite thing about the room, is the bathroom. Both the tub and the spacious, walk-in shower have windows with blinds that open to the bedroom. The deep, square tub also has a window that looks out onto the strip (if you're lucky, onto the Bellagio fountain-side - I wasn't lucky and looked out over Aria and City Center with MGM and 'New York' in the distance.  The rooms also smelled great--strange that I would notice that.  My experience in Vegas has been that many of the rooms smell of stale cigarette smoke, which was absolutely NOT the case in the guest rooms...and quite frankly, I didn't notice it throughout the property.  I was on a lower floor, so it was a bit loud...but not bad.  COMFY BEDS!  Maybe that's why I didn't hear much noise.  The Property:Overall, very cool!  The pools (3) and casino were good (I'm not big on either one of those things).  I ate at Henry's which was okay and Holsteins, which I thoughts was great!  The Chandelier Bar was also great.  All of them were overpriced...but everything at the 'C' was overpriced.  Although Holsteins did have a $1 beer special for dinner!The Hiccups:As others have commented, the housekeeping was not up to par with the rest of the 'C' experience.  My room had a dressing area with a bench in the middle.  The bench had a storage area and in it were clothes from a previous guest.  Strike 1!  I left a message for housekeeping to remove the items and also mentioned it to the front desk as I left for the day.  When I returned that evening, my room had been cleaned, but the clothes were still there.  Strike 2!  I called housekeeping again, who was clearly aware of the issue and said someone would be right there to remove the clothes.  I stepped out for just a moment and when I returned, housekeeping had stopped by and placed the laundry service bag with a note explaining I needed to complete the form to have the clothes laundered.  Strike 3!  I again called housekeeping who said they would send someone to pick up the clothes.  A short time later, an individual arrived and again explained that to remove the clothes I needed to complete the laundry service form.  Strike 4!  After several attempts to explain these were not my clothes and that they were left by a previous guest, he removed them.  The next day, I received a call from security who informed me that some of my clothes were turned into lost and found and they needed me to call to confirm that they were mine.  It wasn't that big of an issue...but housekeeping was the only area that didn't measure up.Room: 5Amenities: 5Property: 5Service: 4Cleanliness: 3 (due to housekeeping issue)I would absolutely stay here again!
4	Our friends stayed here, so we spent most of Thursday night exploring the huge casino and multiple bars. This is probably the hippest hotel in Las Vegas with an ultra-modern decor and a swanky yet inviting style. The four story bar is a real marvel.
3	This pizza place is a cool welcome change of pace to the 3rd floor of the cosmo which is a highend restaurant lovers dream.  This non assuming- no signage pizza place is flanked by Jose Andres Jaleo, Blue Ribbon sushi and surrounded by STK, Scarpetta, and Comme CA.  I stumbled across this pizza joint by accident after quite a few cocktails.  Its pretty authentic NY style pizza but gourmet pizza by no means.  Grimaldis is much better but this pizzeria is pretty good.  This pizza taste almost exactly like a street corner late night pizza joint in NYC which you would also frequent after a long night of drinking in Manhattan.  I had the mushroom pizza and the supreme pizza and both were above average and really good when you are hungry and drunk.  This is definitely a place that one my frequent when at the Cosmo......
3	Just returned from our 3-night stay at one of the strip's newest properties, the swanky Cosmopolitan.  Another reviewer stated that it's as if Sex in the City were a hotel.  I couldn't agree more :)  We're from Seattle and were looking for a fun place to celebrate my 40th.  I'm a frequent business traveler and Marriott Platinum member, so we stayed on points.  Overall we were very impressed with the design, artwork, food, and restaurant staff, but this hotel has problems with its front-of-house staff and housekeeping.(1) Concierge screwed up our airport shuttle reservation.  After waiting over an hour past our reservation time at the airport and multiple phone calls, gave up and hailed a $20 cab(2) Check-in clerk was rude and uncaring, even after explaining our airport wait.  No apology.  Not even a mention or a thank you for being a Marriott Platinum member.(3) Before departing for our first morning out on the strip, my wife hangs a "Clean Please" sign on the door.  When we return in the afternoon, we get a slip under the door saying they skipped our room per our request.  Seems housekeeping didn't even read the sign and just assumed it was a "Do Not Disturb".  Prior to heading out for our show, we call and ask for a cleaning.  When we return later that night, the room had visibly been cleaned, but no replacement washcloths or hand-towels.  Baffling.The Good:- Stunning hotel, beautiful artwork throughout- Outstanding rooms and tech - control lighting/climate through the TV! - Great restaurants and top-notch servers (found out later they were unaffiliated with the hotel)- Great bartenders in the Chandelier Bar - extremely friendly, know their booze, and were just plain fun to talk toThe Bad:-  Wi-Fi almost useless in our room (2606).  Only got connected once the entire stay.- Loud at night - thumping bass until early in the AM coming from their night-time spot, The Marquee Club.- This hotel seems to be for the Paris Hilton or Jersey Shore wannabee crowd - lots of young kids doing what young kids do - getting hammered and yelling at the tops of their lungs in the hallways at 5am (no kidding).  If you're in this age range, perhaps this is a positive?- EXPENSIVE!  Don't stay here if you're on a tight budget.  Thankfully we stayed on points and could afford to spend the extra $$$.- Our room was in the West Tower, overlooking the City Center and Crystal shopping center - horrible view.  As other reviewers have pointed out, be sure to ask for an East Tower room overlooking the Bellagio fountains.In summary, I think this hotel is still trying to figure out the hotel business.  They have all the ingredients to be the best on the strip - brilliant location, awe-inspiring design, classy restaurants with friendly servers/bartenders - but the first person you meet is the check-in staff and that alone nearly ruined our entire experience, along with incompetence and lack of followup from the concierge desk.  It wasn't until we interacted with the rest of the folks onsite that we really began to have a good time.  I wouldn't mind checking them out again in a year or two to see if they've matured, but if I end up going back to Vegas prior to that, I'll likely stay at a comparable property, like the Bellagio or Wynn's.
2	We usually stay at the wynn/venetian however we got a great rate and decided to give it a try. Upon checking in I requested a room with a king size bed and was told they were out and to try back tomorrow. When we got to our room it was rather beat up for only being open six months. The housekeeping staff really needs to get it together here. No coffee for the coffee maker, safe was broken(but fixed when we called down), shower gel was opened and 3/4th full......The next day we went down to the pool to layout. We went to the bar and asked if we could order breakfast and was told we couldn't order food until 11am. It was 9:45 so we went inside to the coffee shop(the only place to get breakfast besides the buffett) and got some fruit and coffee to take back to the pool. On our way back to the pool a man said we weren't allowed to take food out to the pool!!! After some persuasion he allowed us to take our food out. After the pool we decided to see if we could move to a room with a king size bed. I went down to the lobby and and spoke with the man about the room issues and he was super nice and understanding and upgraded us to a beautiful suite overlooking the bellagio fountains on the 63 floor. Wahoo things were turning around..so we thought. The new room was beautiful with a few mishaps from the housekeeping staff again. No robes, doorknob broken on bathroom door ahhhh...Also the people that answered the phone here and that worked in the EAT shop were rude too. It's like half of the people at the cosmo went through customer service training while the other half were hire from mcdonalds down the street. Needless to say we will not be returning to the cosmo again.....
4	I don't go to many casinos, but this is one of the few that I go to often.Great for people watching. Lots of beautiful people and short dresses to ogle.Love Book and Stage bar and the new up and coming bands that they book to play, and you can watch them for free. I always get the "Run for the Roses" drink, kind of their take on a Mint Julep.The restaurants vary and will satisfy every taste. Cool, interesting shops, some a bit pricey but its fun to window shop.Love the art that is scattered through out the casino. Don't waste your $5 on the "art cigarette" machine, I haven't heard of anything good coming out of them. The roof top Boulevard Pool is really nice. They do movies there on Monday nights and hold concerts there also.Parking can be a pain, those fancy lights above the parking places aren't always accurate. But I love the fact I can avoid the strip and get it around back.Be sure to sign up for a Identity players card, they offer members special perks.I haven't gotten to see the rooms or club yet, so I have no comment.
5	The Cosmo Is by far the Nicest, Hippest Hotel/Casino I've been to yet! I've never experienced anything like it. The hotel has personality, I've never been to a place that had an a library and pool table Inside the night club, foosball tables In the pool area, and a lounge dressed In a curtain of crystals. From head to toe The Cosmo is a 10!
4	@Cosmopolitan_LV Pink chandeliers!!The moment I stepped out of the elevators and saw pink chandliers...I knew I would like this place.The Cosmopolitan is amazing from the outside and the inside. Outside it looks like a small thin building and then you enter the parking structure where there are huge silver letters spelling out COSMOPOLITAN.When I stepped in there was fuschia/purple carpet with matching leather seats. I took the elevator to the main casino and looked up and saw the prettiest and coolest chandliers I've ever seen. Pink chandeliers!The pink chandeiers are just the beginning. From the casino to the hotel lobby to the conference room there are unique art pieces everywhere. Among some of the cool things I saw: a brown fabric couch with an antique black dial up phone, a white shell art structure, rainbow colored paper art pieces covering the walls, colorful structures of people and paintings of all kinds. The artwork and unique things to see go on and on at the Cosmopoilitan. It almost gives you a feeling tha are in an art museum instead of a casino. It's really too cool.Their shopping area is neatly layed out too. They have a window like wall with different colored lights and an each panel is an item that you can find in their stores.Even their lounge/bar called The Chandelier is awesome in how it is set up (separate Yelp review for that).The conference room areas for The Cosmopolitan is amazing too. It is so spacious. Plenty of sofas and seating. Perfect for a big conference.Even in this area there is plenty of neat artwork on the walls and in various stands. There are large windows in the conference room area and the view is the beautiful Strip. Another neat thing in these areas are they have touch screens that map out where everything is.I was also able to check out the pool area which is called The Boulevard. It is beautiful. There is an area where people can play pool right by the swimming pool. One main big swimming pool is surrounded by palm trees and you see the bright lights of the neighboring casino. It's such a relaxing and perfect place for a nice swim.I also want to state how clean this casino was too. It's well maintainted. I also liked how it did NOT smell like cigarette smoke at all. It's pretty nice when you walk out of a casino and you don't smell like an ash tray.The pretty in pink chandeliers was the first thing I saw and it truly was and indication that I would like this place. Clean casino, cool art pieces everywhere, neat places to shop, eat and drink and a beautiful pool area. I am a fan.
5	Omg this place is so nice.Everything was luxe-deluxe.the front desk service is polite and apparently gives out shots to their guests? Hopefully that wasn't water that derek took. That would be a terrible trick. The hotel is really nice itself. very glamorous. I would call it a Kim Kardashian of Hotels. Over the top beauty where you were like omg is this real, do we need x-rays to prove its real. And so many freakin crystals and shiny objects you just cant stop staring at it until you go blind from your eyes drying out from not blinking.The rooms have this modern feel with elements of vintage and pop art. It mixes and blends very well like a smoothie from some Kardashian endorsed slimming/nutrition diet. But we should only stay here once in a while. I'll kick it with the kardashians once i can continue to afford them.
1	How disappointing...  Now, if it wasn't for this ONE incident, I would definitely give this place 4 (maybe 4.5) stars...  I'm a regular at the Venetian (My fav hotel in Vegas) and the Palazzo and I'm thinking, "WOW!  the Cosmo is so bad ass!"  The drive into the valet was VERY cool looking.  The walk into the hotel was freaking cool.  The Wicked Spoon was FAB (review soon to come).  And before this ONE incident, I would have definitely tried/wanted/booked a weekend at the Cosmo. So we just finished a very cool dinner at the Wicked Spoon (The Cosmo's buffet) and was VERY happy with the over all experience.  We go down stairs to pick up our car from the valet and it takes 45 mins to get our car!  WAIT THERE IS MORE!  The reason why it took 45 mins to get our car (Dodge Charger) was that they SCRATCHED THE ROOF!  Yah, THEY SCRATCHED THE ROOF OF OUR RENTAL.  ARE YOU KIDDING ME?  How do you scratch the roof on a normal sized sedan??!?!  So of course they took some info and they said they would handle it with the rental car company BUT the WORST part was that they gave us a $100 gift card for our troubles.  ARE YOU FUCKING SERIOUS?!?!?  The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas is a PREMIER hotel and all they could do after they fucked up our vacation and our night (WE ASIAN!!!  WE BELIEVE IN LUCK AND THAT FUCKED UP OUR LUCK) is give us a $100 gift card.  WOW!  I am never spending any more money at this place...  EVER!  Yah, everything is Lux...  every other service was awesome...  but you fucked up my car and give us a $100 gift card for our troubles?!??!  REALLY?  I am sure ANY other high end hotel would have given us a free week for our troubles but the Cosmo only gave us a $100 gift card.  GIFT CARD.  Anyone else ever used a gift card in Vegas?  SERIOUSLY?  I'm going to upload the picture of our scratched up car later too for those of you that want to see.  Would I come back?  NO.  The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas is a fail.  If you enjoy a slap in the face, the Cosmo is for you.  I can't wait to stay at the Venetian again.
4	If you like hookers.. You'll love the cosmopolitan. Seriously, I don't have a trained eye, nor have/will I require the services of a lady of the night.. But I can tell you this place is full of hookers.Enough with hookers.. Chandelier bar is awesome like everyone says. Marquis I wouldn't know because the line out front was comparable to the Compton Walmart  on the morning after thanksgiving. Obviously some of the clientele is different and so is the attire.. But to give you an idea of how many people are trying to get in there.. that's all I'm sayingEverything about this place is cool and done right. Enjoy this place.. But watch for the hookers.. Enjoy this place California..
2	Beautiful Hotel, but bad service.  Seems like they are still working out the kinks here.  The rooms are amazing!  Balcony terrace which I've never seen in Vegas and a beautiful view overlooking the bellagio fountain was great!   Sub zero refrigerator dishawasher stove and washer dryer (just no utensils, cookware, or a coffee maker) - so if you want the room to cook in just be prepared to bring your own.  Where things went downhill for us was that my brother was with me along with his wife.  Unfortunately they were on the east tower.  They were here from Florida.  DO NOT STAY IN THE EAST TOWER!  Unless you don't mind loud music until 2:00 in the morning.   After enough complaining the hotel told my brother that they would move him to the west tower while we were out during the day.  By the time we returned at 5:00, not only did they not move him, but when we went to the front desk he was told there was no room available despite being told he would have one.  Exhausted, and lacking sleep they finally got himin a room but made him wait two hours for his bags keeping him from getting in a nap. In addition when we arrived on friday July 15th my brother had arranged for a welcome basket for us.  Unfortunately it was delivered to the wrong room.  I think around 8:00 or so that evening it finally showed up.  Oh well. My other gripe is that we wanted to go to peepshow.  Should have just gone to planet Hollywood to buy them.  We were told VIP was sold out but we would be right behind the VIP section.  If you call the back of the theater behind VIP then technically we were behind it.  When we contacted the concierge they wouldn't do anything.  I've never experienced a hotel so disinterested in customer service.  Today we ordered a large pot of coffee with extra cream.  $20.00 later including a $5.00 delivery charge  (no problem with that along with the included tip) we have coffee with milk.  How hard is it to get coffee right.  My take on this place as a late 40's male with my late 30's wife is that this hotel is catering to the 20-30 crowd that doesn't mind $20+ cover charges $20 drinks and blaring techno.  I'm now too old for that so clearly I'm not that demo.  I want luxury. I don't mind paying for it.  Maybe in a year or so this place will be great!  The property is run by deutche bank not MGM or ceasars or a regular casino operator so maybe over time it will be better.  I've stayed at dozens of Vegas hotels, and this place really is a nice property - great fit & finish with the rooms    I possibly had the random bad experience.  It happens but the way they treated my brother who unfortunately was stuck on the east tower makes me leery to stay here again out of fear that I might get a room on that side and never get sleep. So to sum it up.  Great looking hotelPoor customer service Geared towards a younger crowd If you can tolerate that you'll have a great time.
2	This place is whats wrong with modern Vegas all packaged up in one sleek wrapper. The casino is empty and the place is packed. I mean packed.. There was so many 21 year old girl birthday groups moving around I was certain I was going to see Miley Cyrus or Hana Montana or whatever that deal is. It is essentially a big post high school dance where everyone shows up and stares at each other. It was hilarious to witness the primping girls and metro boys everywhere. Everyone was all polished up (jean and T Shirts but hey its the new suit and tie), strutting around texting each other. Nobody there was into gambling just looking good for each other. Its like a Jersey Shore Casino.. even made the Palms look more like a casino than a meat market.Management.. if u want to start making some money and pulling some profitable patrons (profitable for u not hair gel companies and golds Gym) remove some of the mirrors. These kids cant survive without staring at themselves.. Shuffle up and Deal!
4	Loved the main areas, wasn't thrilled with the room.  I hate a love/hate stay, mostly love, but I wondered why there was a disconnect.  The hotel is a vibrant, beautifully decorated, modern hot spot.  My room was kind of dirty, missing a bathroom doorknob, and blah compared to the rest of the hotel.  I loved the common areas like the lobby bars and conference rooms.  I loved the bigger health club with the boxing ring and state of the art equipment.  I loved the free pools and had great times there.  I was thoroughly unimpressed with the Marquee nightclub and dayclub.  After a lot of hype, it was a big letdown and I stayed less than 1/2 hour in both.  I was not thrilled with the food choices in the hotel, and the retail selection was strange, but it was overall a very good hotel to stay in and I'm glad I did.
5	This place is ab-so-lutely sexy. There's no better way to describe it. It's sleek, luscious, luxurious, gorgeous, fresh, and sooooo stylishly detailed. The pools are fabulous - the Boulevard pool is a sweet spot to hang out with your friends - and it doubles as a SICK venue for music events. The restaurants are awesome, and the bars just make you FEEL so sexy with their ambiance! My favorite was definitely the Chandelier bar. It drips with luxury and "fresh".... I love the little loung-ee spots everywhere too... you feel invited to sit a spell and just enjoy yourself nearly everywhere you look. Oh, and the staff... the staff @ The Cosmopolitan really rule. I heard warnings of potential poor service before I came, but really, the only bad service I experienced was the wait time to get the room key... the actual service itself and the friendliness of the folks who work there was really special. Delightful. A MUST for your next trip to Vegas. A must.PS- I'm convinced that the designers are male. It seems they made sure that every room has some sort of beautiful shiny/interesting/flashy something to keep the ladies entertained so that the gents can look without being caught, if you know what I mean. Just saying. ;-)
4	we had such a blast staying at the cosmo as one of those larger groups that get a bad rap in other reviews.  we had a whole corner of the west tower that faced the bellagio, including one balcony (our room) and two wraparound one bedroom suites.  the staff was incredible, the hotel was super clean and the casino tables were state of the art.  the hidden pizza place was definitely there, but we just got a couple beers.  theres a mexican/asian restaurant there that i would highly recommend.  the food is a la carte by style, so no odd dishes.  some of the staff said wicked spoon was voted #1 buffet in vegas, and boy were they right.  we ate there twice for lunch, not bad at $25 per person.  they charge $115 per night for incidentals which i thought was pretty high, but it is vegas.  from the valet to checkout we had a great experience.  we will be back again.
3	Beautiful, sexy, stylish, hip. A must stay hotel. My previous stand-by hotel was The Hotel at Mandalay Bay, but the Cosmo blows the doors off of The Hotel -- with insane opulence, a sext younger vibe, and attention to design details.However, that said... here are the negatives from my last (first) stay at the Cosmo (I had an upgraded 1BR suite):My room was on the 34th floor facing the pool area and the thumping house music was so loud from the club that I could make out every word from every song (and I like House music). Ear plugs didn't even help because I could FEEL the bass from every song. This went on until 5am! When I registered for the room, I asked for a QUIET room... maybe "quiet" is some sort of hip Cosmo slang for "loud"?Other missteps:- Living room TV didn't work- Environmental system controls in BR TV didn't work- No Movies -- menu item didn't work- Maid didn't leave wash clothes after cleaning the room (!!)- Cigarette butts and ashes from previous occupant on balcony (nasty)- Fingernails (yuck) on floor... maid didn't vacuum after previous guest? (double-nasty)- Room service took over 1 hour to bring up a $25 burger. Should've ordered Dominoes- Though the desk area in the room has all kinds of media hook-ups, strangely there was no way to charge my iPhone anywhere in the room. Even cheap hotels these days have docks.- Coffee maker was broken- No soap for the tub/shower (glad I brought my own body wash)Overall, I'd describe this hotel as a "young hot chick". Sexy, and easy on the eyes, but when you look a level deeper the flaws start to show. I think the Cosmo is a fantastic place, it just needs to grow up a little.
5	Think NEW YORK when you come in here... Upper Eastside NEw York... Sex and the City New York...When you first enter this place, it's all technological with it's columns of flashing lights or pretty designs (computerized). It's really classy and so cool. There are chandeliers everywhere donned with crystals (fake too). It's really like a scene from a classic 1950s movie or Sex and the City. It really is glam.They have fancy artwork around the halls... And two big heels you can do photo ops and yes I did. I love shoes!I haven't stayed here but I really want to! Maybe next time! The exterior and interior (non rooms) are pretty... Maybe I'll do an update for you!
5	Yup, this is pretty much as good as it gets on the strip if you ask me. The Cosmopolitan is my favorite casino and it's absolutely breathtaking! It's a good mix of modern & classy as you can see from the outside and the inside. I love the views as I go up and down the elevators and there is even a separate chandelier floor (floor 1.5) where they have a bar.The drink service here at the casino is among the best that I've experienced, ever. The drinks come promptly and the cocktail waitresses are so nice and come around frequently enough. In other casinos the drinks come around slowly and makes me wonder if it's ever coming, not the case here.Floor 2 is the location of the Marquee Nightclub, which is arguably one of the hottest nightclubs in Las Vegas right now. I've never been inside but I heard great things about Marquee. If you're into Electronic Dance Music (EDM) as I am, they have famous DJ's come and play here depending on the event.Floor 3 they have a lounge area where you can play billiards for free which is an awesome deal if you ask me. I love hanging out here and playing billiards with the random people that I meet in this area. If you want a quick bite to eat there is a secret pizza place which is located in the narrow alley, they serve some awesome pizza. You'll just have to go there to experience it.Out of all the casinos I've been to on the strip, this one really hits the nail on everything. Service has always been nothing short of excellent plus they offer free wireless internet here!
5	Gorgeous inside and out.  Great new style. Big flair.  High prices to keep the sweatshirts out.   Thanks for bring back dress code!
5	so i stopped here last weekend because i had a friend tell me about how cool it was. yes the stores were interesting and fun to shop in, but if i want to pay way to much just for clothes, food and drinks i can do that at home(san diego). I have to mention our cocktai;l server on the 2nd floor of the chandalier bar. her name was heather and she was really on point. knew her and drinks and explained them without alot of uuummms, or stuttering with her words. very confident about the bar and menu. heather made our experience one to remember. the place was already alot of fun and she helped us get real drunk - which is a plus, but also was friendly and fun to otalk to. my wife and i will definietly be back to the cosmopolitan and definitely be back to see her. oh by the way....make sure to try the verbana drink. it is not on the menu but its a lot of fun to drink. ENJOY
5	This place is amazing! Came here for a bachelor party this weekend and got the wrap around terrace suite.... And WOW...Our room overlooked the Bellagio fountains and the strip. It was crazy! This hotel also has Marquee which in my opinion is the best club in Las Vegas. It is also a Day club and pool party venue which is absolutely insane. You ever see hundreds of people in the pool going nuts to house music? Its quite a site. I used to think the Wynn/Encore was the coolest thing going but after this weekend I would have to change my vote entirely to Cosmo. I cant wait to stay here again and get the same room! I don't have much in the way of pricing since the best man took care of those details. But the hotel is super nice, the club is awesome and the pool is awesome!
5	GORGEOUS HOTEL! Screw the Rio, I am staying here the next time I am in Vegas. This place was fantastic. The decor was lovely and super glitzy/glamorous. Rigt when I walked in I was in LOVE with everything about it. The bars were all beautiful and I would live here if I could!It also helps that boyfriend's brother won 500 dollars on a slot machine within 15 minutes and I won 160 at the roulette table. I know this place almost went out of business so I am sure their slots are a little looser to attract more business. :-)
2	It is clear this place is being run by bankers...it's being run on the cheap due to bankruptcy I think.  They cut corners everywhere, not cleaning the rooms properly or providing the little things (shampoo) unless you ask.  The rooms are kinda dirty, the pools are murky.  For example, there was dried puke on the wall by our toilet...gross!  The elevators are way too hot and slow.  The nightclub is so loud that you can hear it all night (till 4am) even with earplugs in.  Don't stay here unless all you care about is partying.
5	This hotel feels like you are in a commercial for the Tulalip Indian Casino, and I mean that in a good way.  Everyone is beautiful, the place is really fancy but still fun and everyone is having a good time.The Cosmopolitan makes every other hotel and casino look like a dive.  You feel like you are in a James Bond movie with the decor.  Beautiful women are on the arms of handsome men and the cocktail waitresses look like models. The bars are amazing looking, the clubs are hip, even the lobby is incredible.The tables are a bit pricey, but that helps keep the certain clientele I suppose.  I would like to stay here, but I have a hard time paying that much for a hotel room that I will barely be in.
2	This might sound brash - but for a city built on an excess to the senses, you have to execute things well.And the Cosmopolitan to me, is the name of my favorite drink, and is one of the newest hotels on the Strip that I kept hearing about. So I wanted to see it for myself.The styling in the hotel fits me well. I was awed and noted a lot of the little details they infused into the place. It was like Tom Ford had a party with David Bowie and then did drugs with maybe Christian Dior or Diane von Furstenberg. Just very cool, modern, with touches of glamour everywhere.However, a few detrimental notes:The Chandelier, was hyped up to me but once I was inside it - it lost its lustre. Yes, you are a sitting in a place strewn with crystals, but I expected a little more. It also didn't do them well, that once sat - it took about 10-15 minutes to be noticed. And this is while everyone is waiting in line at Marquee on a Saturday night. So needless to say, first impression of service... BLEW.The signature Cosmopolitan sucked. And for it being the name, I expected something out of it. It's like Carrie Bradshaw took a big wee-wee in my glass. While styled well, the hotel might have been planned out more than what it should have been. Everything was packed in so tight and it made for a bit of claustrophobia. You couldn't see where you were going, when you walked in and about. Best design element that struck a chord were the video walls in the lobby. Those fascinated me the most.Crowd was okay - it tasted like LA walking through here. There was so many LBDs (or little black dresses to you) that it looked like Herve Leger took a big shit on the place.Bottom line lies in the execution. For paying good money, you still need to be seamlessly good, and the Cosmopolitan failed at that point just on the surface. It still holds my curiosity at this point, but it wouldn't be my first choice to come back to when staying in Vegas - I don't think.
5	The Cosmopolitan is a beautiful hotel/casino. It's on the smaller side, compared to other hotel/casinos, but  the decor...well, you just have to go and check it out yourself! They have a 3 story glass chandelier that has a bar in the middle of it. And to top it off, the hotel/casino smells AMAZING! Kind of like cucumber melon. Very fresh. Better than smelling like the smoke from cigars and cigarettes.
5	I don't think I can overstate how much more superior The Cosmopolitan is compared to the other hotels on the Strip.  I tried Jaleo's, best Spanish restaurant I have ever been to.I saw the Boulevard pool, sweet view of Vegas Blvd., nice private cabanas, and pool tables.Easy access to Garage and no annoying front garage troll dude that you have to stop for.Elegant design, even the conference areas have nice artwork to prevent the look of a long boring corridor with repetitive patterns.I don't know why anybody wouldn't try to stay here first before exploring alternatives.
5	This hotel is spectacular from the moment you walk in; starting with the digital art on the pillars, the Vesper Bar, the Roark Gourley Shoe Creations (giant stilettos), the chocolate dipped art, and the Chandelier Bar (my absolute FAVORITE part of the hotel).Let me quickly say that if and when you all stay here, you MUST eat breakfast and/or lunch at Wicked Spoon.  It's nothing short of spectacular (shocking for a buffet).  From the freshest fruit you will ever eat, to your standard (but awesome) breakfast choices (omelette station, pancakes, french toast, cereal, honey yogurt granola, etc), to the pasta station, meat carvers (pork, chicken, shortribs, beef), to the amazing desserts!  I mean, they have a do it yourself strawberry shortcake station!  All the food I listed is really just the beginning, the place is ginormous.Okay moving on.  The casino is pretty standard.  Lots of scantily-clad women (and prostitutes).  It wasn't as packed as I'd like it to be but I had fun playing craps at 3am (rolled like a rockstar)!  Again, the best part of the casino is the Chandelier Bar.  It's STUNNING, and the cocktail waitresses there were sweet as pie.The rooms are gorgeous!  I'm not going to lie, I think the best hotel rooms in Vegas are at the Venetian,  but the Cosmo is an insanely close second.  We stayed in the Terrace Studio where you have your own private terrace.  Take that Venetian! We had a great view overlooking the 14th floor pool.  The bathroom is HUGE, you have your own little living room, and the bedding is plush as can be.And finally, the most important part.  The pools.  Now we went to Encore Beach Club (Wynn) Friday so I'm not sure how their "Day Club Pool" is.  On Saturday we spent the whole day nursing our hangovers at the Bamboo pool on the 14th floor.  This is the "zen" pool, which is for the adults that just want to relax and lay out.  Before we headed back to our rooms, we checked out the Boulevard Pool which is the "fun pool".  It was PACKED so we only stayed for about 5 minutes.  You have to get to that pool at 8am on the DOT if you want to get a spot.FANTASTIC hotel.
4	New hotel on the Vegas strip always attract alot of tourists...This hotel was very clean looking and busy.Casino limits were high on a Friday night.This has the hottest club in town - Marquee.If you have more guys than girls - it will be real hard to enter.
5	I've stayed at this hotel twice and hands down this takes home the gold for best hotel in Vegas. All the rooms look like suites, they have beautiful balconies which is a privilege in Vegas. The rooms don't even feel like rooms, they feel like mini apartments. Very classy and modern. The casino floor itself is beautiful. Everything is very techie and the decor is stunning. Even if your not staying the night it's definitely worth a trip.
5	For anyone who has been to the Cosmopolitan before, you know it's part of the new city center area and one of the more swankier places on the strip. I headed here to watch Queens of the Stone Age perform on their rooftop pool. I was a bit unsure of what this area was going to be like for a show, but now that I've been, it's great! This is a great intimate venue (3000 capacity),  the acoustics of this place rock and it's outdoors; and I believe, the only pool which overlooks the strip. Tickets were wicked cheap and no line to get in! They keep the pool furniture out, so if you want to lounge around during the show you can. Not a bad "seat" in this spot. If you are thinking of coming to see a show here, I would have to give you two thumbs up! I will be coming back again to this venue.
4	fun and huge! very fancy!!! but too many stairs at marquee!!
2	The Cosmopolitan is a beautiful hotel, but I recommend going to the Bond Lounge in the lobby over the pretentious Marquee Club.There are so many pool parties and clubs to choose from on the Strip.  I recommend going to an establishment that cares about their guests.  Besides, having been to both day and night club at Marquee, my friends and I found the club to be overly packed with an OK crowd at best.  Many people left around midnight including us since we couldn't move at all.  The dance floor was also small for the top 40's music, and downstairs seemed like a rave with rude people.  Ghostbar, Rain, and Moon were so much more fun at the Palms.  Pure at Caesar's is worth checking out for the great view.   But if you still want to check out the newest club on the block, just beware you are in for a night of waiting in multiple lines (even with guest list) and being pushed around and waiting around for pricey drinks with poor management.*******************************************************************************Below is my incident at Marquee Day Club:My letter to the Cosmopolitan Marquee...ignored by the management :(RE: Pool Platform Hazardous to Guest SafetyDear Cosmopolitan Marquee Management,I attended the Cosmopolitan Marquee day club at the pool on Friday, July 15.  Since there were music playing and fellow guests were dancing on the plastic box containers in the pool.  I decided to join in so I climbed on the clear raised platform by putting both of my knees up on the box; then I stood up on the box, which had a grid of raised squares with very sharp corners.  As I got on the platform, I felt a sudden pain on my left knee, then the crowd started to yell "You're bleeding!"  I looked down to see blood gushing down from my knee so I hurried to get out of the pool.  I informed the gentleman patrolling inside the pool of the sharp top of these box containers that are meant to be climbed upon.  He sent me to security by the door.  Then, a security personnel with black tattoos on both of arms came over, and I told him that the clear platform was very sharp and cut my knee.  He told me to follow him across the courtyard to get first aid.  I already wiped off the blood on my knee when I got out of the pool, but blood continued to run down my leg so I had to wipe it off again, and he made a mean remark, "I would prefer it if you didn't use our towels, but oh well, too late now!"  Not only was the security staff inconsiderate, he was downright rude and sarcastic.  At the first aid station, I told the Cosmopolitan/Marquee employees that they should remove those boxes in the pool for guest safety.  The same security staff sneered and said "Yea, I can't do anything.  People get stupid cuts like this all the time."  I was shocked that no one cared about the danger the clear boxes pose to the safety of their guests.  So before exiting Marquee, I tried to warn the staff about the dangerous hazard again.  I spoke with the service manager named Danny/Denny, and he just kept saying "We just got those boxes, and no one has ever cut themselves."  He didn't seem to get the fact that my incident can be the first of many.  I had expected a little more consideration from the manager, but he treated me like I was just a drunk drama queen who got a small scrape.  I have attached a picture of the cut taken after the cut was band-aid; you can see that my skin was lifted off the knee by the sharp grinds on top of the clear box in the pool.  The finger in the photograph serves as reference of the size of the scrape; my skin is still raw and my knee is sore from the incident.I am quite disappointed and shocked by the disregard and insolence of your staff.  There was no compassion or courtesy from the staff who handled this incident.  The management must be aware that the top of the boxes have a sharp top, which can easily hurt your guests.  The unsafe boxes placed inside the pool need to be removed or reconstructed to insure guest safety; it is a lawsuit waiting to happen as your staff just shrugs off the incident and disregards guests' concerns.  I hope your prestigious hotel and popular club, especially being the newest additions to the Strip, would offer your guest a safe environment on your premise and train your staff to treat guests with courtesy and respect.  Thank you for your consideration.
4	There's new and there's stylish and new and the Cosmopolitan made me feel like the latter.  I walked inside and the place is just pure Bling!  Like dazzling, sparkling stuff everywhere.  Beautiful people working there, beautiful people visiting there, that freaking awesome looking bar that is its own floor.  I know for sure that this hotel/casino definitely left a memory with me and when I go back, I definitely will try to score a room here.
3	I just spent my second visit at The Cosmopolitan. It's a beautiful hotel and the view from the high floors is breathtaking. The biggest problem is housekeeping. The room was dirty. They put my dirty glasses back without washing them. They never cleaned my bathtub. It had gunk in it. The mini-blinds were dusty and there was cigarette ashes all over my patio. But all hotels are dirty so I just expect it. Someone hit my car in valet and the valet managers were very nice and polite. I got locked out of my room and the front desk staff and managers were not as accommodating. I had to wait and hour for my keys and they didn't apologize or give me something for my wasted time. Then I had to call security for a loud party going on at 2:30 am next door. Again no apology.If you don't like crowds of young people (30 and under) I would suggest another hotel. They have pretty much taken over this hotel. Its very loud and congested. If you want a beautiful, quiet hotel I suggest The hotel at Mandalay Bay or the Vdara. But they don't have the views like The Cosmo. No matter what room you stay in with a North or East view you will hear the Chateau at The Paris' music all day and night.The Wicked Spoon buffet is a must. It's the best in Vegas. If you can go Monday-Friday you will save some money. Weekends aren't that much different, for the price difference.
3	I just stayed here and had an amazing time. The view of the Bellagio Fountains from the room was spectacular and the room itself was huge. I did have a few issues with the service however, which seems to be a trend based on the reviews below.- Asked for our room to be cleaned multiple times one day, it never got cleaned.- The bouncers at Marquee are rude. They do not treat hotel guests with respect and it negatively impacts the experience.Overall, great and trendy hotel. Next time though, if I want a more relaxed experience, I may go for the Bellagio.
4	My family and I recently stayed here at the Cosmopolitan.  It's really fancy and pretty in the lobby.  Smells good and very modern.  The casino does not have a good payout, so I don't suggest gambling here.  We only ate at the Wicked Spoon for breakfast/brunch.  It was ok.  Nothing spectacular to me.  Good variety of food.  ($22/person, $12/child)  Customer service was good except for one girl at the desk who I felt was so preoccupied.  I had asked her for extra towels.  She said Ok, I'll get you extra towels.  A second later, she said...yes, extra pillows.  And then I said, no, extra towels.  She looked at me said...let me write this down..extra...?  pillows?  I said, no, towels.  It was like a foreign language to her.  But towels were delivered even without us in the room.  Housekeeping even called to leave a message to ask if we had received them yet.  But they never cleaned our room.  No biggie though, we were only there for two nights.The room was nice and pretty basic for a Las Vegas hotel.  Decor was nice and beds were great!  Felt like sleeping on a cloud!  There was a mini bar and a mini fridge.  The one strange thing about the room, there was a full length window of the shower stall to the bedroom.  Luckily there were blinds to close it up.  Not so good for a family with a young child.  My child kept asking me what the window was for.  :x  We didn't have any issues with noise in the hallways or neighbors.  Just a few drunk young adults during the daytime, but that's to be expected.  My missing star is for the wifi.  Although there was free wifi, it wasn't accessible.  I couldn't even make any calls with my cell phone.  We were on the 29th floor.  Even in the lobby, I could barely use the wifi.  Overall, I would stay here again.
2	They still have a lot of kinks to work out.When we first arrived no one was there to open the "front" doors.I had to phone the front desk for several issues and got incorrect information each time.The staff at the pools and casino were very unfriendly.If you are staying on a Friday or Sat night you should request the East Towers. For the money I paid I would not expect to be woken up from the partying that was taken place on the roof top bar. It was so loud it shook my tv.
5	Such a beautiful newest addition to the strip. It's a chic new boutique hotel. It's so beautiful inside! I will definitely be staying here at my next visit!
4	The Cosmopolitan is sexy from the moment you enter the hotel. Yes, sexy. Check out their lobby next time you're in Vegas. There's nothing quite like it.The hotel has the casino on the ground floor, the shops on the second, and restaurants on the third floor. From there, you'll need a key card to go up to the upper floors--which I think is awesome.There is nifty art pieces all over the place. The ceilings looked very cool too.The food is spectacular. Make sure to dine at Scarpetta if you have extra dough. It is more than worth the price.They also have the secret pizzeria for those looking to spend less on food.
4	This place is really beautiful and centrally located in the middle of the strip. The crowd is a little younger, sometimes bordering on immature, but that's because it's one of the places to be seen at the moment; have a walk through and you'll understand why.
3	Meh.  Even if we had the wrap-around premium view suite all to my boyfriend & me, view of Bellagio fountains with balcony & Japanese soaking tub, it was pretty amazing, though I wasn't impressed.  I guess I'm partial to another hotel on the strip, and I guess it's cause they charged us for even using the gym, the pools were way too packed, and the mini-bar was never to be touched.  Hah. I had an amazing time, but the hotel room could be better. Call me bougie.
4	We were one of the lucky ones to get a postcard in the mail offering us two FREE nights. Well yes twist my arm I  think we will take you up on that offer! So we book it and go. It was not a grrrreat experience- room was not ready- several glitches in the whole experience. They had only been open for 3 months at that time. But then lo and behold. we get ANOTHER postcard. Two more free nights. OK. Why not! This time things were not so out of control. Room was ready, all went smoothly. From the balcony of our room on the 62nd floor it overlooked the Bellagio fountains and a night shot of Paris across the street. We went to try the Buffet but it was $34.95 each for Sunday morning. We knew we could not possibly eat $70 worth of food so we passed. Just little too rich for our blood. Shops were so so. Especially with the Caesars shops within walking distance. The parking garage is below ground, It is pretty cool. There are little lights above each space. If it is occupied, the light turns red. It it is available it is green. So when you look down the aisle you can see whether or not there are any open spaces. Why hasn't anyone thought of this before? Genius.
2	The Cosmopolitan had high hopes for 10 girls staying here for my cousin's Bachelorette party. The main front check in area is very flashy and nice. The chandelier is also beautiful. Our city suite room is spacious, bathroom has a nice view. That's about it... Do yourself a favor and don't book any rooms here. The service is horrible. Room service is unprofessional. This is the first & last time we will be staying here. Reasons why:They don't treat their guests well. Had to pay for Marquee's pool party. when we were guests.Our room keys didn't work, we had to go down to the front desk OVER 5 times to get it to work!! WTF?our phones did not work the entire weekend, had to call from the other girl's room!!When called about buffet price, was told the wrong price that was for week days only. Room service never restocked toilet paper or tissue paper, nor redid the beds. Found a disgusting men's sandal behind a chair.Don't book here even if your life depends on it.
2	My first impression when I checked in, was the concierge were idiots. I told them that I wanted to pay cash for both of my rooms for my bachelorette party. I did not want the Cosmopolitan to charge my room twice ( only because they hold the amount and process the amount both at the same time) The idiot asked me 5 times if I wanted to charge my card for the rooms. REALLY?!!? Then he said they would be holding a 300$ deposit for my rooms, did NOT mention that it was for each room. I was shocked to find 600$ charged on my card. They fail to tell you the small details to make your trip smooth. For example, we were not aware room credits did not include gratuity. When we called the concierge on a SATURDAY NIGHT, she said that the buffet would be " $22.99" She did not ask if it was for tonight, breakfast, weekday, or give us other prices because on weekends, the prices are higher for their buffet. The rooms were very nice. Other than that my stay was NOT memorable at all. I came as an excited customer and left dissatisfied and annoyed with the hotel and almost every hotel employee Almost everything needs to be improved. It took over an hour to get toilet paper to a room with 10 girls getting ready. It also took over an hour for bath towels. The concierge lacked customer service. Your employees at the front desk/check in needs to learn the definition of customer service perhaps give them a dictionary and book mark "customer service" for them. Our doors did not work the whole weekend, yes we were comped but we were locked outside of our room for hours. None of our key cards worked did not have a coffee maker. The concierge, customer service knew nothing about the hotel. Gave us all the wrong information. Extremely misleading. This was the first & last time I will be staying here.
3	I just got back from a weekend bacehlorette party at the Cosmopolitan and, though I would love to give it five stars because the suite we stayed in was amazing, there were so many issues with it that I had to settle for three.  When we arrived, we realized that the air conditioner didn't work at all and was just recycling the hot air throughout the rooms.  We called down to have it fixed and they sent up an incredibly helpful mechanic, but hours after he worked his magic, it seemed to be back to recycling hot air again and did so for the rest of the weekend.  This wouldn't have been a huge problem if it wasn't the middle of the summer and 105 degrees outside.  We also had issues with our refrigerator, which wasn't working, and had to have it replaced...THEN we ended up waiting for an hour and a half to get linens for our pullout bed in the middle of the night.  They kept telling us that housekeeping was incredibly busy, but we didn't understand how that could possibly be the case when it was three o'clock in the morning and our entire floor was practically empty.After the bachelorette complained to the manager, however, we were offered complimentary breakfast from the resident buffet restaurant, Wicked Spoon, which was absolutely amazing.  Best gourmet buffet brunch I have ever had by far.  I would definitely recommend the hotel once it's had gotten a little more established.  I think it's still new and working through the kinks but has the potential to be pretty amazing.
2	After visiting this hotel on many occasions for the casino and the night club my first impression was that the hotel was sleek, modern, with a classic design. I was extremely excited at first to stay at such a (at first glance) a nice, elegant hotel. However, visiting and staying at the hotel are two completely different things as I was unfortunate enough to experience.The reasons for my 2 stars:CUSTOMER SERVICELet's start by mentioning the front desk:Why in the world do we have to complain multiple times about the room?My first complaint was about how the room key was not working. So after a night out, we came back at 2am to find that the room key was not working!! I went down stairs to front desk, and the concierge told me that they will get it fixed ASAP and got a security guard to walk us up to our room. My friends, who came in later than us, couldn't even get into the elevator or room and had to resort to banging on the door at 6am. We woke up in the morning, to find that the room key was still not working and went back to the front desk. Same story: they told us they were going to fix the door and get it working ASAP.Three hours later:Door was still not fixed when we came back. And again we complained.Once again, they told me they are working on getting the door fixed ASAP. Another two hours later: our door was still not fixed and we couldn't even get into our room without going to the front desk and complaining. I found this to be completely ridiculous since we're in Vegas expecting good service for the price we paid for the hotel! In the end, we had to complain 4 times to get our room keys to work on the door. Seriously?? To add, our room phone was not even working!We ran out of toilet paper the first night (BTW we called multiple times for more, and they didn't bring it until the next day)  and resorted to using baby wipes. Why do I feel that I am camping again???Even more, the front desk did not know how much their buffet costs and told us the wrong price.Lastly, this hotel does not accommodate their guests in any way. For the buffet, we had to get in line like regular guests. (I know that other hotels have a VIP for their guests that are staying at the hotel). And there was a cover charge for the day pool party. What??? I don't mind paying, but at least provide us with something for being guests. For being a Vegas hotel, I was incredibly disappointed. I'm sure this doesn't happen to everyone but I was unfortunate enough to experience it. Overall,The customer service does not outweigh the aesthetics of this hotel. I would not be staying here again. I don't usually get angry or overly snobbish and demanding but this is one of the few times that i felt the customer service just sucked.
1	Esthetically pleasing but the service is absolutely terrible ...I was told by the bartender at Holsteins: "it's 1:30 am in Vegas, expect to spend some money" (because HE didn't tell me that in order to sit in a booth, each guest had to purchase $20 worth of food and drink). This same person at Holsteins pocketed my 54 cents in change and did not give me a receipt. When I asked for a copy of my receipt I was told: "I will have to dig it out of the trash" --- I did get a copy of my receipt and their trashcans must be sparking because my receipt was spotless and crisp.I was going to let this slide because I thought that after I told the floor manager (of the floor we were staying on) about this issue, he would do as he said and "discuss this with the management team and make things right" but I didn't ever hear back from him, nor have I heard back from the hotel after I got home and emailed them about this experience (I waited one week and now I'm here letting y'all know not to waste your money here). Also similar to other people's reviews: Our telephone didn't work - they had to replace it TWICE. Despite me informing them several times that a lamp didn't work, they didn't pay any attention to it. GO ELSEWHERE!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	wow!! beautiful, spectacular., love it .As we walk in a friendly check in service, got a beautiful one bedroom apartment with terrace,spectacular view towards  Bellagio .really high tech,very specious .All the Valle people very nice.Our bell person Lydia Moreno  very nice friendly informative show us around.i did my hair at the salon by Andeen she was very nice friendly and done a good job for my bridal hair.  the pool was,t what i expect.it,s not that deep or big.the one by the strip the closing hour said 11 but at 10.45 when i was try to visit to try to take some picture and try to walk around a very rude young man ask me multiple times to leave and tell me his boos order him to do that.i ask to spik to the manager he toll me to find him some were out.and the second back up a security guy is coming.that ruin my night.the second day i call to speak to the manager in charge Eddie Feliciano,they told me he was,t available and he never try to return my phone as i ask.I want. to be clear why it say closing ours at 11 but they told me on the phone 8,with out any specifications.we spend weekend also there. the atmosphere because of the club was very a life ,elegant and a lot of sexy girls.we request our room to be touch up for the day were we have photos taking  for our weeding day in the gorges room and  it took about an hour.. we barely made it .But over all I love it I enjoy my vacation we definitely  gone came back there.And if the pool manager would call back to clear the closing hours would get 5 stars from me.
5	Was worried this would just be another overpriced new hotel in Vegas, but the rooms were surprisingly well decorated and convenient for a group. There were a ton of mirrors in and outside of the bathroom which was great for 5 girls getting ready. A lot of hotels miss the mark on this one. The shower has blinds on the outside by the beds so if you pull them up you can even put on a show! haha Or be harassed while trying to find privacy when the drunk one is acting silly. Yup, it happened. I'd definitely stay here again, but only with a group to split the cost. I haven't hit the lottery yet.
3	Justin Timberlake definitely brought "sexy back" because as soon as you walk into this place, that's what you feel. Sexy. This place, I have to admit, is very beautiful and nicely decorated.But if you're here to gamble, make sure to have big money because it's very expensive to gamble here.First thing is first, go get your "Identity Card" (the players card)  As soon as you get this, they give you $10 for free to go gamble, yes $10 for free to gamble. Go to the slots, put in a dollar to activate it and good luck.  I won $10 with this card.  So I made $1 into $10.  Yay me :)The slots machines here are about .40 cents and up.  There's very few machines that are .1 cent.  The tables are about $10  minimum.  If you have the cash, go and gamble your money but if you're looking for a little less to pay, go and get your Identity card, spend it and go somewhere else cus this place gets pricey.  Its great to go and have a look because this place is of course, gorgeous to check out.
5	I'm shocked I'd never heard of this glittering disco ball of a hotel. It's just so GORGEOUS! Brand new, and right in strip central ... yet somehow, I'd never heard it existed until we stumbled upon it.Like, wow. So sparkly, so lush, so glamorous ... I told Michelle C. it reminded me of her. :) Chandeliers, crystal curtains, glittering backdrops. Incredible.We strolled through here multiple times. Classy crowd, stunning surroundings, and top notch eating/drinking/shopping. Their buffet was AHHHHMAZING! (see separate review). We made some friends who were staying here, and they echoed our initial estimation that it was awesome.Next time we're in Vegas, I believe this will be our hotel of choice. You did it right, Cosmopolitan!
4	What do you get when you combine one of the hottest day/night clubs in Vegas, one of the best tasting buffets of all time, and the most glamorous decor in your room and in the hotel? BLAM! You got the Cosmopolitan! This place is aesthetically pleasing because all the hot people wanna come and party here, BUT here's the catch! You better not be ballin' on  a budget cuz this place is pricier than a Louis Vuitton wallet...on SALE! You don't have to stay here to party here though! Marquee Dayclub: Best pool party during the day w/ famous guest DJ's! Get drunk, hit on girls, and wade waist deep in the pool to hide your gut. Lol.Marquee Nightclub: Best night scene in a multi room club also w/ guest DJ's! You will literally get lost in here and your friends will have to pick you up at the Marquee Lost and Found.Wicked Spoon Buffet: If an orgasm was in food form then it'd be Wicked Spoon cuz literally every bite is like "ohhh ahhh awww mmmm".I didn't stay at the Cosmopolitan, but I was here all weekend cuz it was the most crackin' place to be!Eat, Drink, and be Merry! Enjoy!
5	Yeah, um, are there any other hotels in Vegas? Cuz I won't need to know.  We're going to be staying here as long as our little dollars can afford it.  Amazing rooms, decorated to the nines. Contemporary, luxurious and fun for the techno geek - you can control the entire room from your tv - temperature, lighting, sound...Great bars - Chandelier bar - so fun! Hidden pizza gem (back alley pizza).  Great club - Marquis (select nights, hotel guests get in free).  3 wonderful pools and a really relaxing spa.  Totally well located on the strip between the Bellagio and City Center.I can't say enough about how much we love this hotel.  My only unanswered question is: When can we go back??
4	The Cosmo is a very hip, modern hotel/casino on the Strip, but I'm kind of an old-fashioned guy when it comes to Vegas, so I do like a bit of the "old-style" touches like at Flamingo or Imperial Palace. The Cosmo has none of that, instead using huge crystal accents and open spaces with cold, hard floors to showcase the latest in technology and customer traffic management.Since I only walked around here I can't speak of the rooms, just the casino floor and the ambiance of the main lobby. Granted it is fresh and beautiful, but I honestly can't tell if it will be "timeless" and worth going to time and time again as the years go by. If you depend too much on artificial coolness to get by, then it will cost a LOT to maintain it, rather than build a heart and soul-for example MGM still looks decently modern and is capable of having that heart thanks to the psuedo-loop that goes around the casino.4 stars, but I would not be surprised if later on it gets much worse.
4	It is so beautiful in here and it smells like cucumber melon!
3	the pool here is amazing, especially because its outside over looking the strip! beautiful scenery, and there are different pools which was interesting. There are a lot of little cabanas and lounging beds that are so nice to relax on in the beautiful Vegas weather.
5	This is the most beautiful hotel I have ever stayed at...after staying here I do not think I ever want to stay anywhere else. There is so much eye candy. The place was beautifully decorated and the theme is so classy. My friend won a free night stay in this hotel on the radio so we stayed in a Terrace Suite. I probably will never be able to afford this hotel...but the room was amazing. Again, so much eye candy. The customer service was top notched. I don't know what they do but the Cosmo got it right when they set their customer service so high. I definitely want to stay here again!
2	Ever been inside a Forever 21? Yes? ... Then you've essentially been inside The Cosmopolitan.This place is trying so hard to be hip, it's painful. Like, we get it, you have a mirrored ceiling with chandeliers in your lobby and giant dog statues.Whimsical, mismatched wallpaper. CHECKGlitter incorporated into everything. CHECKOversized Alice in Wonderland furniture. CHECKMirrors everywhere. CHECKEven more mirrors and chandeliers. CHECKModern artwork that consists of a single string glued to a gum wrapper. CHECKThe Cosmopolitan is trying to convince us all that they're really glamorous yet SO underground and different because even though you're sitting on elaborate velvet chairs, there's a lamp next to you that's neon orange and made out of a milk carton; fashionably contradictory and therefore hip. [Insert infinite amount of eye rolls here] This whole place is just a douchebag. It only looks busy all the time because it's a high-rise building and therefore each floor is pretty small. It's noisy and chaotic because it's just one big traffic jam of hipsters in vests and fedoras trying to figure out where Marquee is.The parking garage being under the building is a good idea though. There's always a place to park because it's huge. Don't get it twisted though, this place still sucks.
5	Disclaimer -- I didn't stay here but I not only will stay here the next time in Vegas but I may even explore the residences and move here. This place is perfection on earth. This is the Vibe the Wynn had back in 04, 05. Total luxury and sophistication. BUT... Cosmo's decor oooozes SEXXXXY. The Wynn...not so sexxy, a little more OCD than sexxy with the constant cleaning that always goes on there. The COSMO is gltiz and glam with an edge. The bars are very very social and the layout of them are conducive to naughty flirty interaction, sofas, little nooks to sit and talk. SEXXXY!! Then it's dripping with crystals. The Chandelier is faaaantastic. GO THERE!! The shopping I small but good. The fragranace store Skins is a MUST SHOP!! And the Blue Door Sushi pricey but sexy and soooooo delicious. Worth it!!
5	Cosmopolitan, you is sexy. Dripping in it.Move over Wynn and Encore the younger, more hip version of what you use to be just showed up to town. And by the looks of her, it's going to be tough pushing her aside. She's a spotlight whore but I like that about her.The rooms are fabulous with beautiful furnishings. Hmm, where can I get your luscious bedding? And nothing screams voyeur like a see-through shower. *insert school-girl laugh here*Valet was on the slow side but they sure can get you in a taxi in a flash. While not the family friendliest hotel on the strip- the Cosmo, unlike the Wynn/Encore, didn't shoo the stroller toting families away.
5	I don't usually go out of my way to review casino/resorts but this one is that awesome.It's really the best I've ever been in and I've lived here in Las Vegas for 32 years, I hope they stay this awesome for a long time.
5	Cosmo is a great hotel if you want to splurge basically. Closes to the city center and right in front of the Belagio Fountains, you will find your spot. Restaurants are great, make sure u don't miss the hidden pizza joint on the 2nd floor of the restaurants.if your looking for a great burger you have to check out Holstiens also. Room is spacious and has great views, an addition is the balcony that puts a smile on my face. you have to stop by if you in walking distance or even take a cab to check out the new place....you will love it!
4	I stayed here recently for a sales meeting, as this was one of the few places in the country that could hold all 1500 people attending my company's meeting. I really hope we come back next year!Here's my breakdown of everything:- The hotel itself was gorgeous and very Carrie Bradshaw. The detail in everything was phenomenal, and you can tell that so much time and effort went into the esthetics of the hotel.- Our room was spacious, the beds were comfy, the shower was a nice size, and I loved how you could control the lights and temperature right from the phone! Some of my co-workers ended up with rooms with balconies, hot tubs, and full kitchens!- The gym in the west tower was nice. There was a lot of equipment, although I personally was not a fan of the treadmills. It was difficult to move back and forth between speeds and I run intervals, so I wasted a lot of time just trying to move back and forth between my desired speeds. Also, I tried the Spin bike by the boxing ring one day, and the bike itself was really off.- The pools....the first day, we went to the Bamboo pool. Very nice, plenty of waitresses around for food and drinks. My biggest issue was the positioning of the pool and the sun. Aria was completely blocking the sun by about 4PM at both the Bamboo pool and the Boulevard pool, which we went to later in the week.- As far as the actual meeting space, the main ballroom was big enough for all of us. The banquet food was actually pretty bad, especially compared to the food in the rest of the hotel. There were plenty of meeting rooms on the 2nd, 3rd, and 4th floors, so it was nice that all of our meeting rooms were confined to those three floors, for the most part.- The location is great! You're right next to the Bellagio and across from Planet Hollywood. Although the hotel itself stretches back, there is an entrance right onto the strip by The Henry restaurant. All in all, a lovely experience, and a nice addition to Vegas!
3	I was really excited to stay at Cosmo because it's the place to see and be seen on the strip. It's convenient to Marquee and restaurants such as STK. The lobby and casino are very modern and avant garde. I was expecting this decor to extend to the hotel rooms but I was mistaken.First the hallway to our hotel room smelled of ongoing construction. The ice room also had a horrible stench. The hotel room itself was spacious but the decor seemed totally random, as if everything was an after thought. The rooms were decorated with 70's inspired patterns (think Jonathan Adler / Palm Springs). It looks nice now but could become obsolete within a matter of years. The bathroom was big, but the lighting was poor. The shower also is exposed to the bedroom, which was really awkward. There's a shade that covers the length of the shower window but can only be drawn or pulled down by the outside (i.e. not by the person showering). Awkward. The main reason why my friends and I wanted to stay at Cosmo was that we wanted to be conveniently close to Marquee. As hotel guests, we expected to get comped entrances into the club but apparently it doesn't matter if you're a hotel guest. We got into the club for free because we were on the guest list, but we had no additional advantage by staying at the hotel. Overall, I'm glad to have added this hotel to my checklist of hotels I've stayed at in Vegas, but I'm not compelled to stay here again. Pick it up, Cosmo.
5	Stayed here for a week on a business meeting, when you think of extreme luxury and game you have to pair this with the Cosmo in Las Vegas. The staff are awesome, very welcoming. From the moment you check in they have these iPods to help you check in. Then they customize your room card, with your name. On to your suite which is awesome to say the least.  From the remote control system that controls your room, to the unique bath products they hook you up with.  The room service is fast and the conference rooms are legit with amazing catering services.  On to the gambling, they have your usual limits go up in the evenings but the dealers are great folks despite the hoity toity look this place can have.  This place is pretty crazy, too much to review but few highlights:The nightclub here Marquee is really tuff to get in but if you want to get in lines then good for you, the place to be is the Chandelier lounge, a three floor lounge with you guessed it Chandelier design. The bar tenders are great and they can hook you up with unique drinks, just ask.There are several restaurants here that are awesome, want a nice burger go to Holsteins, great service.  If you are getting done with a late night hit up a pizze joint in the third floor that is hidden towards the back so ask if you need to, they are awesome and cheap.
5	From when you first walk in the door this hotel is BEAUTIFUL and CHIC! I am from Las Vegas, I have seen the most worn down to the best of the best hotels there and let me tell you the Cosmo is great!  The dining was good, the decor was beautiful, the chandelier bar is INCREDIBLE, the atmosphere was loud music pumpin through the speakers, beautiful people everywhere almost intimidating,great shopping,very intricate details everywhere. The machines were all state of the art! We ate at Jaleo, they serve tapas. It was excellent! I recommend this hotel completely.
5	I'd been looking forward to staying here on my next trip to Vegas.  We got a great deal in August, only $190 for a one bedroom suite.  It's the only luxury hotel on the Strip that is pet-friendly, too.  We were just driving through on a road trip and had our dog, Omar with us.  They didn't charge us a deposit or fee for him, although according to the website they should have.  We would have gladly paid, but were happy we didn't have to.  Our room was beautiful, on the 43rd floor.  Great views of the Strip.  Huge bathroom, living room and comfy bed.  The hotel itself is beautiful.  We'll definitely stay here again.  We ate the Wicked Spoon for breakfast.  It was pretty good for a buffet.
5	Very cool crowd. I want to stay here next time.
3	Being one of the newest hotels on the strip I was expecting a lot.  The decor inside is nice and they have fancy touch screens everywhere.  The lobby is amazing with these crazy digital pillars with screens covering its entirety.Once you get over the glitz and glam and actually get into the room, its just okay.  The window in our room had all kinds of nasty grease stains on it, like someone pushed their face against it but the cleaning people didin't clean the windows.  There was also some hair in our bathroom, disgusting.My friends' room had a coke bottle left in it and the windows was in a similar condition.  We asked to have the room re-cleaned, but no one came.The beds were decent, but the phone is high tech, controlling the lighting and temperature as well, the interface was kinda clunky and slow though.    The phone it self was pretty crappy, had echos while calling people and felt like the phone had some part seriously broken in it and clanking around when using it.Still a decent hotel, great since Marquee, the hottest club in vegas is jsut downstairs and hotel guests have a special line to go in.  But if its a saturday, its still hectic to get in.I think the hotel is too high tech for its own good maybe, I even had a hard time checking out from my room and gave me errors.  Great location and facade, but the cosmo wouldn't be my first choice of hotels.
5	Just got back from Vegas a couple days ago and what I miss the most is the Cosmopolitan.By far, the best hotel in Vegas. so far.  our room view was MAGNIFICENT! watching the Bellagio show straight from our balcony took the cake!I loved the room! loved the Japanese bathtub overlooking the Vegas strip. I took two bubble baths. =)  loved the decor of the hotel. We didn't even bother leaving the hotel. we had everything we needed !Marquee downstairs, pools, Buffet, balcony,.. lol.we went to the Bamboo pool the next morning. got there at 10 am and snatched good spots. loved the view .  after we had brunch at the Wicked Spoon buffet. will write a separate review for that. the pizza spot on the second floor was good too. Supreme Pizza was yummers.  we also walked right across to the Planet Hollywood for Ear's sandwich. Monday night boyfriend and I went to club Marquee downstairs. they had a separate line for hotel guests, which was cool. no waiting with the rowdy typical vegas crowd all the way around the corner. HAH!We've been to the club before so we knew what's expected. by the time Eric Dlux was on set, I was already too drunk. lol.Thank God we had a room upstairs. no need to walk and catch a cab. I love love love this hotel. will definitely come back!!
4	Cool place to hang out when in Vegas...
5	This lovely and relatively new hotel & resort in Las Vegas is first rate! Vinny and I stayed there this summer during a quick jaunt to Vegas and really enjoyed the hotel and all of its amenities. When we first checked in, we didn't expect we'd have a good experience because right off the bat we had to wait in a 45-minute line to check in, and then, the hotel screwed up and didn't have our reservation correct. Fortunately, the folks at the Cosmopolitan more than made up for it by giving us an updated room free of charge-- and, I must say, the room was amazing!! It was a large 1 bedroom suite w/ a balcony overlooking the Bellagio hotel and fountain (yes, the very one where they do the daily fountain and light show-- what a view, I tell ya)! Plus the room had a large sunken tub and walk-in shower, a large living room seating area, and high-tech work space (yep, sadly, I had to do a little work on the trip even though we were mostly there for vacation, but the work space turned out to be a godsend for me). Other great features of the Cosmopolitan include their casino (it's modern looking and packed with lots of high rollers and beautiful people), their abundance of restaurants and shops, and their large pool recreation area, which features a couple of outdoor bars and plenty of lounge chairs for relaxing. Note that one of my favorite things about the Cosmopolitan, believe it or  not, is their Pizza restaurant. Check out my review of the Pizzeria @ The Cosmopolitan. Some of the best pizza I've ever had!!
3	I stayed at this hotel for a Bachelorette Party weekend and we were left disappointed.  The hotel itself... is immaculate! There are so many blinged out touches that you are just left in awe.  The stores are a unique and I walked through each one, wanting something from every place I went to.  Also, everything is automated here.  The parking stalls each have a light that changes from red to green if the stall is taken or available.  The rooms are also controlled on a master system so that lighting can be turned on/off from the television, a master switch at the entrance or by the front desk when someone checks in/out.  The best part had to be the Marquee nighclub/dayclub.  This would be the only reason I would want to come back to this hotel.A couple things I didnt like:*HORRIBLE SERVICE - The best service came from their valet/bell boys.  Seriously, these guys were friendly and on top of their stuff.  The front desk needs to be put in check.  We had people that got checked in to rooms that already had other guests in there, we asked for adjoining rooms and were switched rooms multiple times because they could not figure this out and we were delivered an incorrect room service order which they would not credit until they physically came to our room to investigate it.  This was at 2am ... and we had to stay up and wait for someone to come to the room because they couldnt credit a sandwich.*HORRIBLE SIGNAGE - I guess this place was intended to be used for residential condos but you can never figure out where you're going.  There are multiple pools and there's no way to figure most of them out without asking someone.  The pool we were trying to get to was on a floor shared by the conference center, had no signs pointing you in the right direction when you got out of the elevators and you had to go out a set of doors that looked like an emergency exit to another set of doors that didnt mark that a pool was there.I think the hotel in general needs new management but the pool and the valet/bell service were phenemonal.
4	The Cosmopolitan certainly is impressive: touchscreens at check-in and along the walls in the conference areas; beautiful pools; Sirius in your hotel room; and great views. It is clearly aiming for the high-end/trendy crowd with flashy walls of video and animations and top-notch music in the elevator (LCD Soundsystem, Peter, Bjorn, and John, etc). The rooms are clean and stylish - with a giant TV that controls the lighting and heating and ambiance in the room. The showers have a large window in them which overlook the sleeping/living area. The room service was great - although I only ordered breakfast. They were honestly some of the best eggs I ever had. Now, for the bad -  the wake-up calls never worked - whether I set it through the TV or touch-screen phone. I nearly missed an important meeting my first day. Others in my group complained that their room wasn't serviced by 5pm, as well.In my room - I did not have a dry cleaning slip to write-up and it took me two days longer than normal to get my dry cleaning handled because of that oversight. You could do much worse with a hotel choice in Vegas and they still have time to get some of their problems fixed since they have only been open half-a-year at this point. I would stay here again - and will likely have to for work, anyway.
5	I thought the casino was nice, but their suites are pretty sick.  Huge bathroom, almost 1/2 the size of the suite itself, which came with a balcony that you can open and look onto one of the pools at the Cosmo.  The suite also has not 1 but 2 flatscreens for your viewing pleasure.  As if you couldnt just turn your head to watch the tv from the bed, they make it more convenient by placing one closer to the bed.  The room smelled like flowers and drinks were located in the mini fridge, for a fee of course.  It's still vegas people.  We were only staying 1 night and so the front desk guy hooked us up w a suite and said once you see it, you'll never want to leave.  So when I walked into the room, I immediately said "I'm not leaving."  By far my favorite casino to stay at in Vegas.
3	The Cosmo is a beautiful hotel. It is quite different from many of the other "traditional" hotels in Las Vegas. It reminded more of a w hotel. It is a really hip place. I loved the restaurant that served the buffet. It's called the wicked spoon. I highly recommend it. It opens in the morning and serves a series of breakfast, lunch and dinner all day. I will write about it later.The Cosmo's gym is hardly a spa though they call it that. I went to the "spa" in the west building and the east wing. All I saw was a small washroom, and the equipment though new was very medic ore. It certainly was not life fitness or another premium brand. The east wing gym is 24 hours, so if you don't gamble and you decide to work out, at least the gym is open.The rooms, we had a upgraded room. It was still sized small, thus the w analogy. It was new , clean and very modern. If you are there with you wife or husband, it is really great for intimacy. The washroom and shower are fully open. I liked that especially because it is Vegas. Note, you can put the blinds down if you want. The toilet btw, is fully enclosed so you can have privacy.Here is what I thought really stunk. Every floor is accessed by your key card. Well, it was a lot of work to fit the key in the slot. I had all sorts of problems have g my card read. So did others. I missed my floor a couple of times or the elevator went down when I wanted to go up. Even more dumb, is that this security measure is a joke. Once you put one key card in the slot, everyone can press any floor. So what is the point other than it causes this rush to punch your floor. Absolutely stupid.Service was also terrible. I had front of the line status for checkout. Even with that, on Sunday they had one person at checkout. It took 45 minutes to check out. You have to be kidding! As a heads up, you line up for everything, including the Wicked Spoon (30-45 minutes). Service is also poor ,and the famous I moved drinks in the fridge but did not drink from the bar fridge charges are frustrating.If you like to shop, there are many great stores within 5 minutes of walking. So the Cosmo is clean and very different from the Wynn as an example. It will only get better with time. But expect delays and a few disappointments.
5	I had the pleasure of staying here for my birthday wknd and I must say: SIMPLY AMAZING. I'm not going to go into detail about the beautiful chandelier and the funky artsy stuff that you see as you're walking to the Wicked Spoon (the awesome buffet restaurant)... I think all the reviews on here have pretty much covered it all.I will just say that the Cosmopolitan has THE most amazing bed and pillows. If you don't come to Vegas to sleep at all, then don't waste your time here. I WANTED to sleep the whole time and just order room service so I can lie in on their delicious bed! This place also has the secret hole-in-the-wall pizza joint behind STK. Best pizza I've had, aside from NYC, hands down.
4	very nice casino! it is small but from my understanding the place was suppose to be condo's and not a hotel so things changed nonetheless nice dealers, very clean place and will come back.
4	Stayed here recently with my husband and we loved it! The decor is absolutely beautiful (more upscale and trendy than some of the other hotels). They did a great job using the latest technology to accommodate their guests. For example, iPads at the check-in counter to browse and sign your name. In the rooms, everything (such as a/c and lighting) can be controlled on the TV. The bed is also super comfortable. My only complaint is that the walls are super thin. I was able to hear guys next door goofing around all hours of the night. If it wasn't for them, I could have slept like a baby. I guess my fault for not bringing ear plugs but luckily they checked out the second day. =)The property has a different atmosphere than the other popular hotels like Bellagio, Venetian, or Wynn. First of all, everywhere you turn, you are bound to see beautiful people wandering around. You know how when you go to places like Bellagio and you see older, touristy people? Well, there was really none of that at the Cosmopolitan. Just young, hot people who were there to party it up. Make sure you bring your hippest, sexiest clothes. You do not want to feel "under dressed", trust me.  The only time my husband and I had to leave the hotel was to shop. I can honestly say the Cosmopolitan had everything so that we didn't have to leave. Restaurants, bars/lounges, and the fabulous nightclub, Marquee. Good times! Can't wait to go back!  Note: they had free wifi which is another big plus in my book!
5	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Cosmopolitan for 4 nights.  If you didn't know Cosmo is part of the Marriott family, so I used some of my Marriott reward points for our stay.  There was a special checkin line for Marriott guests.  At checkin the guy was super friendly and was looking to find the best possibly room for my stay.  We ended up having a King Terrance Suite with the Japanese Soaking Tub facing the Bellagio fountains.  The view is definitely worth the price!After I checked in, about an hour later, there was a knock at my door and they sent me a plate of cookies and 2 glasses of milk to welcome me!  I was impressed.We had a decent sized patio over looking the fountains.  That was my favorite part of the trip.  We sat there for hours watching the fountains and people watching.  MUST MUST MUST!!You can control the lights/A/C thru the TV.  Loved that technology.  The TVs were nice - beds were super comfortable.  Did not hear anyone from the other rooms or even outside for that matter.  Bathrooms were amazing.  I was a bit surprised at first to see you could totally view the person in the shower from the bedroom - they do have blinds though for any self conscience people.  Our room also featured a Japanese Soaking tub.  We definitely used that each night.  It was so nice to relax in the tub and watch the fountains from the tub (window to view from the tub area!).  Beware, the mini fridge and snacks are all electornically sensored, so if you move anything for more than 45 seconds you will be charged for it on your bill.  HOwever, if you accidently move something and get charged, hotel will easily refund it off of your bill at checkout.Would not recommend the hotel for casino play - not a big playing area as other casinos.  I think their main focus is the hotel, restaurants, bars, and clubs.  One big feature that we liked is that the hotel is centrally located so you could easily walk to any nearby casinos.Checkout process was a breeze.  Definitely will be back and fully recommend.
4	This place was amazing.  It was as if old school Vegas was making a comeback inside.  Everything exuded class and style, and the staff were all very helpful and friendly.  I will seriously consider staying at the Cosmo on my next Vegas visit!
2	Stayed for 2 nights over the weekend. Beautiful modern decor! Lots of "kids", 20somethings. Pools were an after thought, small area, no room for all the people who go during the day. We got down at noon and ended up putting our stuff in a planter and eating lunch sitting on the block wall. Room was nice but I guess we had a crappy maid because we did not have a robe or some toiletries our friends had in their  rooms. Tables were $25 and up. Buffet was great! Super comfy bed and room was really quiet. If you are 30-40 something, look elsewhere. Too crazy!
5	I am staying here whenever I am in Vegas from now on! This hotel constantly wowed me from the first moment I stepped foot inside. From the restaurants to the rooms, casino, and to Marquee my jaw was constantly on the floor.Dont miss out on the best burgers and shakes EVER from Holstein's!!!
5	I absolutely love this hotel! I haven't stayed here yet, but as for the casino, bars, and nightclubs, I LOVE it! Marquee is my new favorite club and the chandelier bar is absolutely gorgeous!! This hotel is a girl's dream! Glamorous and beautiful chandeliers everywhere!
1	I HATE this hotel!!! The wait to check in was 20 minutes because the people before us were all complaining. The service just simply sucks. I reserved tickets to a show and they sold my tickets so I had to pay $60 more to purchase them somewhere else.The pool was nice but the cocktail servers were useless so I had to go back and forth to the bar.I will say that the spa was good hence the 1 star above.
1	If your nickname is Summer's Eve because you're that much of a douche, this place is for you. This hotel was made for douchebags. A douchebag hotel has receptionists that only talk to you if your breast are hanging out and at their eye level, table limits that start at $25, $50 but has more penny slot machines than Binion's, and charges $40 a ticket for a concert where you are standing in a drained wading pool with no way for the patrons to cool off in the hot vegas weather.  The only redeeming factors of this hotel/casino are Holsteins Shakes and Buns and Skins 62.
5	This place is awesome. Like mucho mucho I want to live here. okay so this review is incomplete because I have yet to stay here, I have only visited. But this hotel is tres nice. From the chandeliers to the bars and the random kick it area on level 3... seriously? I like the fact that they let people just chill in the casino. They also had a pool table where the chairs were located. Also the shops had a very anime artsy thing going on, which is a plus in my book. I liked just sitting here and looking at everything. One thing that is a bummer is Marquee. There is a constant line and the people working the line are kinda asshole-y. Big time. But ya know it's Vegas and usually people are assholes here.
1	Stayed there 8/20/11 with  2 friends. Check in took 30 minutes, reception very pleasant & upon learning we were locals gave us a great view from the 45 th floor. Elevators open and upon walking down the hallway, it smelled of vomit. Okay, maybe just happened. Smell never went away. Room gorgeous view of Bellagio fountains. Everything controlled by TV, very high tech, except when both remotes need batteries. Shouldn't that be part of the daily check list? Just sayin. Okay, to find a bamboo, pool very crowded, so we head for the pool on the 17 th floor, before we get there run into a young couple who says that's more crowded and the music is so loud it's unbearable.This from a couple in their 20's. So, we head for the Boulevard Pool, long walk through the conference room area, strange. A nice emloyee tells us a short cut, we get close and are told it's closed to prepare for a concert. Okay, we talk to some folks who say the Bamboo pool is emptying so we decide to go there. We find two lounges for the 3 of us and 2 of us head for the pool. To say it was filthy was an understatement. We could see the bottom of the pool at the Bellagio from the 45 th floor but could not see our feet in this pool! When did it become OK to smoke in a pool and flick your ashes in it? Exit stage left and to take a shower. Gross does not cover it. We went to Mandalay Bay for a show and luckily took a cab. Both cab drivers said getting in & out of this property is a nightmare, in fact on the way back, he let us out a block away or it would have taken 30 minutes just to turn in. Monday talked to a friend who went to the concert and took him 2 hours to exit the parking garage. Positive side STK restaurant was great even though they took away my drink before I was finished. Front desk rude the next morning when we asked for a 30 minute late check out. Do yourself a favor stay at  the tried and true, Bellagio, Venetian, The Hotel at Mandalay Bay. This one may need a few more years to get it right, for the price---------so not worth it.
5	Service is always top notch. The staff is friendly and helpful. The rooms are really nice. I have stayed there twice this year and received a complimentary room upgrade because I was there for a short business trip. The front desk clerks are polite and professional. The dining options are decent, but not amazing. I will be back again in a few months because of the staff at every department.  The service reminds me of the W hotels, but the hotel rooms and amenities are not as clever. (There are not any of those irritating showers without shower doors here like at W hotels). The rooms are always spacious and have comfy beds and nice bathrooms. The West pool is relaxing. Not a ton of beach chairs, but the pool isn't gigantic either. I was there on a summer week day so I am not sure what it is like on the weekend.
2	Esthetically, the Cosmo is the coolest looking casino on the strip right now in my opinion. But its service is hit and miss. The valet was fast and very friendly, the friendliest employees we met all weekend. Front desk was fine, not overly friendly but not rude, either. Our room overlooked the Bellagio fountain for a $25 charge and the room itself was gorgeous. However, we were charged $5 for a soda we didn't even drink, it was already missing when we came to the room. Our bathroom light was burned out and the air stayed at 75 degrees and wouldn't change when we tried lowering it. We told them about it and no one came to fix it. The weirdest thing was someone knocking on our door like a madman at 9am and then using their key to come in WITHOUT saying that they were housekeeping or anything. Luckily, we had the additional door lock on so that they couldn't open the door completely, but instead of wait 30 seconds for us to get to the door, they just left. I still don't know if it was someone who worked for the hotel or some random person who had a key to the room! I also sent an email asking to fix an account issue with my Identity membership. It took them five days to respond and they said they didn't see any problem, but I logged in and it was still there. I loved the view and look of the Cosmo, but service was extremely disappointing considering there are so many other places to stay on the Strip with excellent service.
5	My boyfriend and I stayed here for 5 days and loved it. We had a three room suite with 2 full bathrooms and a full kitchen that overlooked the Belligio fountains. The view of the strip was by far the best in Vegas. The location made it easy to walk to all attractions. The drinks at the bars were quite pricey but we went right across the street to Planet Hollywood to drink. The rooms were very clean the bed was very comfortable. We would recommend this hotel for couples or singles.  We enjoyed the Wicked spoon buffet , thought it was the best on the strip.
4	this place is SO quintessentially vegas.  with dripping chandeliers, and glitzy bars, and of course, the nightclub marquee, its definitely worth a stop for any vegas trip!... but really, i loved their pool!  it was hot, our feet were swollen, and that water felt so good!  i also really liked the set up, with the "lounge" areas, djs, and view of the strip.  a perfect place to recover after a long night!
4	i didn't stay at the cosmo but had friends who did so we spent a lot of time in their rooms before going out.. rooms: good sized rooms, comfy beds, big bathroom, and balcony.. food: ate at holsteins and wicked spoon.. yumm.. didn't get a chance to try the "secret" pizzeria so i'll have to do that next timechandelier: so amazing to see in personmarquee: hmm, still on the fence on this one.. smaller than expected and those stairs! ouchh.. this hotel is very modern and sleek.. i wouldn't mind staying here on my next trip..
4	Stayed in a suite last few days. Nice look and feel to rooms. Love the open showers and bathrooms. Wraparound balcony has great views but to hot to hang out there. They were designed to be condos so there was a kitchen and washer/dryer. Great for pre and post partying with large group. Staff was extremely helpful. Decor is great. well done to detail.
5	It takes a lot to impress me when it comes to hotels in Vegas. I've been a frequent guest of this town for the past 25 years, and even a resident. When the Bellagio opened up about 10-15 years ago, I thought that it was nice. The Venetian was gorgeous. But, nothing popped up that just changed the game for me....until I saw the Cosmo!It is by far, the most gorgeous property that I've ever laid eyes on.The casino floor is nice! The dealers at each table are friendly, know how to run a game, and show their personalities.The restaurants are to die for. Try Holsteins, and grab some fries. Cooked in duck fat! Or an alcoholic shake!The Marquee club is pretty nice too! They pull in some big name talent, so you know you will have a great night.Oh....and the Chandelier! It's a bar inside a massive chandelier! Yeah....you heard right.If you want to take a dip in the pool, you'll find it has some of the best views of Las Vegas. It overlooks the strip! Probably one of the best hotel pools in town!No Vegas trip is complete without a trip to the Cosmo! Even if you are staying elsewhere, it's worth the time and money to check out the features of the place. I can't wait for my next trip! Oh yeah...later today! Score.
4	I like the Cosmopolitan and during my time here, I've always had a room with a good view of the strip and the Bellagio fountains. My first time in Vegas, which was years ago, I stayed at the Bellagio. At the Bellagio my room was basic and cost about $300 that night and didn't have a good view at all. In order to watch the fountain show, I had to actually go outside and view it with a bunch of frumpy tourists. My patience for that type of thing is very limited so I got over it fast. It was really nice to be able to watch the show while having a few drinks on the privacy of my own balcony at The Cosmopolitan. I've additionally stayed at the Wynn, Palms and Palms Place and The Cosmopolitan has them all beat.The casino of the Cosmopolitan is nice, are there casinos in Vegas that I find to be more classic? Yes, but the Cosmopolitan is very hip and...cosmopolitan. Due to it being the newest hotel in Vegas, it does draw in a fair amount of trendy people. This hotel is definitely a great place to stay at if you're looking to have a crazy, fun Vegas trip, there is a lot of that energy here.Additionally, the pool is amazing because it's complete with a view of Las Vegas unlike the other good hotels (Bellagio, Wynn, etc.) which have pools on the ground level.Marquee is the dayclub and nightclub at the hotel and definitely one of the better venues for drinking in Vegas. I'm not going to say the crowd is amazing because it's relatively general public, like everything else in Vegas. Essentially, you dress up, wait in a line and get in. I will say, the space is nice and because it is the newest spot in Vegas, you will get a lot of attendance. What I love MOST about Marquee is the staff is extremely accommodating and nice. They go above and beyond to make sure their guests are having a good time and are very attentive. There's a frozen lemonade alcoholic beverage that is AMAZING as well.
4	We actually got a great deal for a 2 bedroom suite (2 queens, 1 king, and sofa pull out) with 1 roll away bed (sleeps a total of 9) that wasn't listed on the website.  It's always a good idea to talk to a live person on the phone instead of trying to reserve it online.  Since it was my first time at Cosmos, I didn't really have any expectations, but I was impressed with the lobby and the large columns of TVs displaying interesting plants and books.  The 180 degree view was amazing and you could see the fountain show at the Bellagio.   It was also great to have 3 tvs in the entire suite.  The rooms were decently sized, but I have to admit the bathrooms were awkward.  On one wall, they have blinds separating the bathrooms from the bedrooms.  I would definitely stay here again and check out Marquee.
4	The swanky new hot spot! Great vibe and a very young crowd... did some gambling here thought it was over all a good spot to be but didn't see the Cocktail server very often. I look forward to visiting again and checking out the BLVD pool.
3	3.5 stars.  Needless to say this hotel is new and trendy which seems mainly designed to target the younger crowd of travelers.What i like most is the hotel is located in the middle part of the strip this means so easy to get to other major hotels by cab fairly cheap.  It has good combination of restaurants (like both pizza & burger plceas, please see seperated reviews).  The room is over 600 sq. ft, the most spacious one we have ever stayed in Vegas.What really so so part is service.  1. the front desk staff isn't familar with the discount they offer such as MS Prime Card. 2. check in is very slow 3. the hotel offers Match Play however the dealer doesn't know about it at all 4. the housekeeping service doesn't exist.  No one clean our room until the early evening before we check out.  Obviously they are very understaffed.  5. the room isn't clean enough for a 4-5 stars hotel standard, we saw coffee stain on the mini bar menu card, the glasses are not sparkling clean, the bar soap was in a damaged box 6. room maintenance is lacking, we had chipped furniture and broken drawers in our room, this is quick shocking considering how new this hotel is.
4	The Good:Beautifully decorated with a modern yet elegant flairSmaller and more  intimate compared to the much large hotels on the stripKing Terrace Suite with Bellagio View was Incredible (ask for West Tower rooms. It's a smaller tower with fewer rooms and great views. It's also closer to the restaurants and shopping)Bathrooms are enormous with japanese soaking jacuzzi tubs, showers large enough for a party, nice living area, kitchenette, 2 flat screen t.v.s with all the update technology you could ever want (control lights, room temperature, music stations, movies, schedule wake up calls, etc.Some great funky shops including a sneaker store with one of a kind shoes.Great hidden pizza joint on the 3rd floor (won't see a sign. you have to ask about it)Loved Holstein's burger and shake restaurant.3 pools to choose from, 1 being the Marquee Day Club if you want a club vibe. Have to pay to have a place to lay/sit, but the fee goes towards any food or drink you order. The Bad:The mini kitchens in the king suites have a dishwasher, microwave, mini refrigerator, sink, lots of cabinet space. The problem is that it wasn't stocked with plates, utensils, etc. so how could you use the kitchen really? Very bad planning. Plus, no coffee maker in the room. You can't have a kitchen with no coffee maker. The refrigerator is stocked as a full mini bar with no place to put your own things. We shoved our things on top of the things they had in there and the maid took everything out. Kind of lame.Service at the Boulevard pool was really bad 2 days in a row. And I mean REALLY bad.Alot of the restaurants are trying to hard to be "out of the box." Menus are a little too unusual. I can see a couple of restaurants being very unique but not the majority of them. There is nothing wrong with taking traditional food and doing it REALLY well. Sometimes going back to basics is a good thing....Even with the Bad I listed, I will be back. You just can't beat the rooms, views, location, Marquee Club (day and night), and the whole vibe....
5	amazing. love the chandelier, the decor is top notch. the room was so cool. i had a balcony on the 20th floor. the fridge had room for my drinks i bought which is good because sometimes the refridgerators dont have room at all for your stuff. two flat screens, nice big bathroom. marquee is off the chain. the pool is poppin, good pizza spot. only saw a few kids the whole time i was there. hbo (lol). im definately going to always try to stay here.
4	I was in Vegas two years ago when construction seemed like it was halted on this place. This place make me feel like I've stepped onto the set of Sex and the City -- and I enjoy it. The huge chandelier, the open elevator and the fact that there's plenty of room to lounge, drink and I'm not stuck trying to figure out where the exit is. Its clean, modern and beautiful. Supposedly it was supposed to be a high rise living space (hence no casino) but it was bought out when construction was halted and the buyers built a hotel. Its different, very Vegas and I'll definitely be going back.
4	Stayed here for four nights.. i actually just got back! I already miss it. I miss the smell at the Cosmo the most. We booked a terrace one bedroom and we loved it. The room was very spacious and the bed was divine. Service is just so so. It really depends on their staff. Some staff have very good customer service and others are just not on their game. We had some issues with our lights and it was fixed within a day. Our room had 2 TVs but only 1 remote control was in the room so we requested another one and it came within 30 minutes. Some minor issues mostly.Housekeeping was very good except on the first day. Some rags were left on the chair and the toiletries were not refilled. All the other days it was impeccable.We tried 2 restaurants at the Cosmopolitan. Wicked Spoon and Comme Ca. We loved both! Wicked Spoon in my opinion was better than the Wynn. And we only went to Wicked Spoon for brunch (but we went to Wynn for dinner). Service at Comme Ca was spot on. Our server was very attentive and very knowledgeable. We enjoyed it a lot.Overall, Cosmopolitan is one of the best hotels in Vegas. Beautifully designed, modern ambiance, and classy. Can't wait to stay here again and book for terrace suite.
5	I'm making it a personal goal of mine to stay here the next time I'm in Vegas.Ohp, now it's out in public and now I have to make it happen!This place houses a lot of the things I love. Marquee, Holsteins...Wicked Spoon is pretty good...some other shit...it's just pretty in here ok? Just like me. HAHAHAI do have to voice that I absolutely HATE gambling here though. Why? Probably the only place I lost the entire time we were here for my birthday trip. Terrible. Terrible!!!!I managed to accrue a butt load of points though.Wrap-around suite here I come!
5	Let me just start by saying you know how most reviews ask you if you would recommend this to a friend? Well I would highly recommend the cosmopolitan to anyone!!!!!! My boyfriend and I stayed here last weekend for our anniversary and I'm already counting the days when I can come back. From the ambiance to the simple things like pizza, I just couldn't get enough of this place. Let's start with check-in, the staff was very friendly and informative. She gave us a map of the place and also recommended going to the Marquee day club, since we were hotel guest we would be comped. The room was extravagant! I seriously had to tell myself to close my mouth when I walked into the room. Big, comfy bed with like 8 pillows, your body just sinks in. The tv controller not only controlled the tv but adjusted the lighting, climate and even made reservations for the restaurants in the hotel. The bathroom was unbelievable, so modern and luxurious but yet functional at the same time. The food was mouthwatering! We had a slice each at the hidden pizza place our first day and ended up ordering a whole pizza by the end of the first night. We ate at Jaleo for dinner, this place brings the authentic flavor of Spanish tapas and paellas to Vegas. The food was delectable and the service was incredible! We ate at The Henry for breakfast and for a late night sweet tooth fix. The service was also incredible and the food was good for something quick and convenient.Marquee... Marquee... Marquee! What can I say about this place???? This is one of my favorite clubs in Vegas. We make it a point to come here every time we're in town. This time it was Party Rock Mondays Redfoo from LMFAO, let me just say, if you've never been, you're missing out on one of the best parties in Vegas! Redfoo definitely knows how to entertain! I had the time of my life! Now my favorite part of The Cosmopolitan is definitely the pool! The boulevard pool is the most relaxing pool I've ever been to. It has strip views and shallow parts to lay in, so if you get hot from laying out, you can lay out in the pool. I love, love, love this pool!So needless to say, I highly recommend you stay here at least one but     trust me, you will definitely wanna come back!!!!!!!
5	all i can say is- wow. we reserved a one bdrm suite, but got upgraded to a terrace suite. it had a washer/dryer in our room and the room itself was so NICE. two bathrooms, a balcony with the view of the bellagio and the strip.. WOW. cosmopolitan totally spoiled me. their bed is also SO DAMN comfortable!the restaurants are REALLY tasty (will write review about those after). ESPECIALLY the pizza place. it's kinda hidden but we found it! i don't understand how pizza in vegas can taste better than the one in ny. WTF? the bars are SO COOL, and everything in general was just REALLY FUCKING NICE. i literally fell in love with the decor. sigh.the casino floor can be a little bigger in my opinion... (being a degenerate) :P when we went to the identy kiosk to ask about our points, they actually told us that we were legible to join this slot tournament, and we did.. and got 3rd place! yay for free slot monies! 8)didn't have enough time to go to all three pools, but went to the one on the 14th floor? it's very cozy and not that big so if you want to have your "space" and not be bothered, this will be the pool to go to. was gonna go to marquee but the line on monday night was ridiculously long and being preggers, i wasn't going to wait in that line.DONT STAY AT THE VDARA, DONT STAY AT THE ARIA.. STAY AT THE COSMOPOLITAN. TRUST ME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	Super classy. Great artwork everywhere. A place to impress.
4	Spent a few nights at the Palazzo, then came down to the Cosmo with a group of friends.  Completely different vibe than most other Vegas places.  The Cosmo is definitely a higher class (read pricier) place, but has a more edgy and trendy side to it.  No cheesy statue of Caesar or reproductions of ancient Eurozone here. Rooms are fresh and inviting, and the casino area even has a better feel to it.  This place is in the CItycenter area, so be prepared for a hike if you are wanting to see TI, Wynn, or other casinos on the north end of the strip.
3	The Cosmopolitan is definetly a hotel that I was missing in Vegas. If you are European, you possibly hate all those same looking, sand colored, old fashioned rooms, most hotels provide here.At Cosmopolitan you'll find design rooms, still a bit to earth colored for me and not as fancy as you know from other "design" places, but contemporary and neat looking. It's 2011 and not 1998.Positive:I had a wrap-around suite, East Tower, great balcony view, nice rooms, large bathroom, kitchen (useless but cool), washing machine, flat screens etc. All in all perfect for a deluxe stay.Negative: The Marquee night/day club is most annoying. Sure, we like to party hard, but the outside soundsystem hammers the building really loud with full bass power from 10am until 4am in the morning. Even if you don't have a light sleep, this can give you a hard night. So I agree with the folks, who complained here.It also happened, that a daily soap was shot at one of the pools and, if you liked to stay, you were forced to sign an approval to give away your picture rights. Some people might like this attention, but I preferred to move to the West Tower pool. I expect getting paid if somebody takes my picture for tv!Quality management would help, as you pay a high price for your room at The Cosmopolitan. Earplugs from the service team are definetly the wrong way.Wi-fi is slooow, but free, what is not normal in Vegas hotels.Check-in took a while - but it was labor day weekend. Check out easy per TV from the roomAll in all, I'll try another one next time.
3	One of the newer Hotels on the Strip . Home to the Marquee Club. Wicked Spoons their in house Buffet is quite good . Hotel seems to have a lot of floor space that is Unfinished . Pool on the Roof is Nice and Big and boasts a good view of the Strip . I like the other Hotels that seem to feature more amenities.
5	Very nice Hotel
5	Incredible.If you're looking for somewhere to take a bunch of pictures, drink and listen to music then this is the place. Its like being a club, but not...get it??
1	I too was dazzled by the gorgeous hotel but buyer beware, all that glitters is not gold. I stayed here for 2 nights and paid the $250 pet deposit (which is really $280 plus tax). Our dog is kennel trained and we left the room seriously spotless. Upon checkout I noticed that my credit card statement showed two additional $200ish charges on top of our room charge. One was a pending charge that they quickly removed after my first phone call. The other stubborn $200ish charge to my credit card has been impossible to retrieve. Every person that I've talked to at Cosmopolitan has agreed that I should be refunded that amount."It'll take 3-5 business days.""It'll take 7-10 business days.""Our accounting dept is only open M-F.""I will fix the problem with accounting and call you tomorrow with an update." - no call back from a service rep named Promise."Don't worry we took care of it. You got your refund and you'll see it reflected on your folio which I will email to you right now." per a service rep named Joann. Never received the refund or the folio. I have yet to receive this refund after nearly a month after checking out and I feel violated. I'm planning my next move which is to call American Express and the Better Business Bureau. There were other minor annoyances with the stay as well:We were told that housekeeping would be up to put a sign on the door to indicate that we had a pet in the room. They never came and when I asked about it in passing they stated that they ran out of signs 3 months ago. They advertise that they do 24 hr turn down linen service. They should give their poor workers a break because they seem understaffed and unable to deal with the volume of normal requests. We asked for extra towels once and got stood up too, like a lot of you have.After reading other sketchy yelp reviews about the hotel, upon check out I made sure there were no erroneous Mini Bar or movie charges. I checked out over the phone from the room and the rep that I talked to confirmed that I had no charges. She also never sent me the final bill via email as promised so lo and behold during the multiple back and forth phone calls, I discovered that I indeed was charged for something I never took. They did refund me for that amount  after I voiced my frustration over all the erroneous charges. ugh. I seriously hope I'm one of the exceptions. Bottom line: The Cosmo does not respect your financial info. You may take a chance and decide to stay there anyway because it really is a fun hotel. However be vigilant about accounting errors because you could end up with more of a headache. If anyone from accounting or management is reading this. I hope you read the negative reviews and discern if this is a system error that needs fixing. I have never had a horrible hotel checkout experience at any hotel, especially a vegas hotel before in my whole life. A serious disappointment and I'm unable to, in good faith, recommend that any of my friends stay here unless management steps up and corrects some seriously ill behind-the-scenes issues.
4	I am saying about 4.5 stars. Not quite ready to give it a 5er. Stayed there twice in the last month and both stays were very nice.  Room price is very reasonable but then they nickle and dime you with charges for the gym ($15/day), high restaurant charges (brunch is outrageous cost) and high drink costs.  However, it's still a 4.5 stars in my book.  It's a very chic place to be with all the young and glamerous. It is hopping at night as the Marquee Club is the hot spot in Vegas right now. Make sure you get west tower, Bellagio side if you want to be able to sleep at night. Marquee pumps it out, LOUDLY, all night... and I mean ALL NIGHT!  Casino is moderate sized so doesn't feel overwhelming. Overall had two very nice stays and look forward to going back!
5	My favorite hotel in Las Vegas right now..it's very modern and cool. I've only stayed once but my stay was nothing short of amazing. Loved every second of the Cosmopolitan. We were fortunate enough to stay in a wrap around terrace suite overlooking the strip. That weekend Lauryn Hill Performed so it was nice watching her perform from balcony.  So when you first walk into suite you walk into long ...long Mirrored Wall hallway ..hidden washer and dryer in one of the closets. How great is that? You get a guest bathroom then it's the full kitchen and dining area. There is a nice living room area with desk and lounge chairs too. The balcony has plenty of seating for you and guests as well. Then in the next room is the master bedroom with huge bathroom that has tub and shower and his and hers sinks...score!   Sliding glass doors in bedroom and main suite area too. Very modern decor and I loved every bit of it, when I have time I will add pics. I loved the toilet room wall paper, lol. I called for Spa appointment and staff was way cool and friendly. I got a massage and it was amazing. Spa was nice but Canyon Ranch at the Pallazo is by far my favorite The dealers in the Casino were all pretty great and food at restaurants was good. Loved getting Pizza in the wee early morning to sober up..I forget the name but it's right next to Marquee I think :)If I could afford it I would stay at this hotel all the time.....I can't think of one thing I don't like. Everything sparkles even their bar... have you seen the Chandelier bar?  I even went to concert in the Chelsea Ballroom (at The Cosmo) recently to watch Adele and I had a great time. Everything went smoothly and ladies.....enough bathrooms for everyone!!!
4	Didn't stay at the hotel, but I loved exploring in it!  Besides being gorgeous, they have a great selection of food and shopping.  Definitely want to try their buffet next time we're in Vegas!
5	It is difficult to imagine having a better hotel experience in Las Vegas if you're 21-40 and want to be at the epicenter of a 'scene.' From the moment you pull up at the valet, you'll feel like you're a celeb and everyone's looking at you. And, well, you at them.Chandelier Bar is...truly something else. Just ginormous chandeliers everywhere and you feel like you're floating in the sky. A faux library that turns out to be a bunch of columns of video monitors. Brilliant. Lots and Lots and LOTS of beautiful people wearing very little clothing. (Although a note to the ladies: as much as I love short skintight dresses with high heels and although you look great in the Herve Leger knock-offs, please know that there are more than two possible outfits to wear to this hotel).Marquee day and nightclub is just out of this world.I'd compare this place to the SLS in LA, but...really this is just on such a completely different level. The Cosmopolitan is the hottest of the hot spots in Vegas right now. As such, there is a price to pay if you want to experience it. Either expect and prepare to pay for it and don't complain about the prices, or stay somewhere else. It is what it is.
4	A breath of fresh air on the Las Vegas Strip.Whereas most casinos follow up Wynn's concept of "sprawling smaller buildings and shops in front with a panoramic taller structure in the back for rooms" plan, you have The Cosmopolitan, a union property of vintage and sleek modern.  While not the most elegant of atmospheres, it offers a fun, funky, and sophisticated space that rather than overwhelm you with various large establishments, gives you samples of small bars and restaurants.  You can explore the space, finding a little something around this corner and a little bar around there and it's honestly brilliant.  There's nothing like that on the strip right now and it's simply fun just to walk around the establishment and see what it has to offer.  No shops offering budget-breaking items that you would hope one day to afford but shops that shockingly sell -affordable- items.  The Chandelier Bar is near iconic.  It goes and goes, with a never ending mass of crystals that just devour the space.  The signature cocktails are something and it gives you a wonderful view to people watch.-The Bond bar?  Great.  -Henry's 24-hour steakhouse?  Very good.  Being able to sit and watch people stroll by through the glass?  Neat!The kicker?  The old-school pizza joint on the third floor that pulls me back to a corner in North Jersey.  It made me so nostalgic for home that I couldn't help but grin.  The vintage record player, art pieces, pool tables, and everything else on that third floor space is so unique to the strip, with the low ceiling and vintage stained glass.Combine all this with some excellent restaurants such as Comme Ca and Blue Ribbon Sushi and you've got yourself a property that doesn't seek to reinvent the wheel but take everything that makes it fun and repackage it.  And I love it.  Currently my favorite property to sit and people watch with a cocktail.  You're a breath of fresh air, Cosmo.  You're the hot property on the strip to be seen at and I'm a fan.
4	Loved the atmosphere here! It is beautiful and well decorated. Great for the younger (21-40) crowd. Didn't get a chance to stay there, however I plan to stay there next time I visit.
1	I was so upset because I was so excited to finally get to visit this casino but we had such a bad experience I don't ever want to go back. We had 7 girls left after a horrible experience at Marquee (we had 15 girls for a bachelorette party) the other 8 girls left and got taken care of at another hotel. us 7 girls went down to the casino to gamble, they all wanted drinks, after a while from not seeing a waitress we saw a security guard and asked him if they even had waitresses walking around, it was only 1 am. He said yes and radioed for one. She finally came over 20 minutes later and went to the guard and said what, where? He pointed at us and she said "they're not playing" he stared at her and said "I see reels going, I see money being played, they are playing" she then got half the girls' orders and left. 2 of us didn't get drinks, she came back and dropped off the drinks, I tried to get her attention but she ran off, another 10 minutes goes by and she walks by us, I said "excuse me" not yelling, not mean, very polite, she stops, turns around and puts her finger up and says "wait", she then left and never came back. I couldn't believe it.My mom is a cocktail waitress at an older casino and has been for years so I know how they work, but working at one of the newest hottest casinos on the strip, you think you would be out more because I know they don't get paid much, they make their money on their tips. I just couldn't believe it and will NEVER go back again. I can get a drink and gamble some place else. So disappointing.
4	The first truly "LAS VEGAS" style hotel that has been built in a long while.  Just pulling up to the front drive and you feel the glitz and glamour that should accompany any hotel on the strip from the sign "THE COSMOPOLITAIN" lining the drive in to the whole front drive being marble (even what your car is driving on)!  Truly things technically small but things that you should appreciate.  Once you get inside doesn't dissappoint as well;  the chandelier bar is so exquisitely gaudy in how it fits so perfectly in this place and if you meander around enough you will find little things here and there that will remind you that you're in Vegas!  From the 8 foot high heels you can take a picture in, to the random but beautiful pictures on the walls (my personal favorite is the chocolate covered high heels), the experience will not dissappoint.  Then you have all of the shopping and dinning experiences that they offer.  I gotta give it to them, hands down just a great place to spend some time.
4	I did not personally stay overnight at this hotel. However, my aunt was invited here as a VIP Guest, and we came to say hello to some friends, and my friend and I were "stuck" here for 5 hours while they gambled in the VIP room. The Hotel: ultra modern, hip, trendy, with a crowd that tends to be more stylish and - Cosmopolitan.Parking: my first 2 trips here I was confused with their parking, as I hate valet - waiting 15-30 minutes for your car is no bueno. However, just drive in the main enterence, and stay in the middle lane past the taxi and valet line for self-park. There's also a bridge to Aria. Marquee: the nightclub in the hotel played mainstream house when we went, because we entered with the VIP Host, we were treated well, however, I chose to leave after 10 minutes since I wasn't in a clubbing mood. Food: so many options! Seriously, I can recall at least 6 different restaurants. Even with a VIP comp card, I simply couldn't eat anymore. There's pizza, Chinese, American, Japanese & French. Bars: With 3 floors of entertainment, this venue is excellent for hosting a party! I prefer the 3rd floor lounge, which is surrounded by the crystal lit by pink and red lighting on 3 floors. Gambling: With my Chinese family that gambles a large amount of money, they again tell me the Feng Shui is designed to the advantage of the casino - however, I enjoyed my 2 days, each in 5 hour increments, at this hotel. SHOUTOUT TO THE VIP HOSTS AND STAFF!
5	I think I accidentally stayed at a set of a Korean movie.  This place is so modern and cool (for Vegas) it doesn't feel like you're in a real hotel.I know it's strange to say but the room I stayed in (suite) *smelled* good.  Not the bleach or cleaning materials the cleaning staff used.  It smelled like fresh sheets and cotton.  My view wasn't that great (got to see the Aria and the highways) but I could look below me and see the hotel pool.  The amenities are courtesy of C.O. Bigelow, the same company you see in Bath and Body Works.  The towels were soft and my soaking tub was put to very good use.Every restaurant I went to here was great (see my recent reviews).  The staff were very quick to respond to small requests.  Having drinks at The Chandelier Bar made me feel like a I was an actress on set.  Best hotel experience I've ever had in Vegas.  I'm going back here for sure.
5	ultra swanky and absolutely stunning! i stayed at the aria, but i noticed i was also at the cosmo. i LOVED it here and i haven't even stayed in one of their rooms yet. i'll for sure book with cosmo next year and will add on to my review then.
5	The Cosmopolitan is breath-taking! For a brand new hotel on the strip, it's definitely a hotel to check out with all the chandeliers and Swarvoski looking crystals hanging all over the place. My friends and I did not stay here but came here for their Marquee nightclub and dayclub as well as their nice bathroom facilities :)Maybe we'll come stay here when we are CEOs and doctors ;D
3	One word to describe Cosmo, OVERRATED! *sorry long review, need to rant!*When I first walked in I was consumed by the glamour of the lobby. They have these pillars with led screens continuously changing, which is pretty cool and kills time looking at while waiting in the long check-in line. It went downhill after that...The first room we checked in to, we thought it was small and average. Upon examining closer, the floors were filthy. The house cleaner somehow forgot to vacum and clean the floors in the bathroom. It was soooo nasty, there was so much hair everywhere and not just hair that comes from the head if you know what I mean. We called and they quickly switched our room.Next room; TV didn't work, scale didn't have batteries, and there was this huge white stain on one of the chairs, GROSS! Got the chair switched. When the technician came to fix the TV, he asked how we liked the room, we said ehhh and the first thing he said was "housekeeping?" If they know it's a problem then fix it! This hotel cost $15 billion to be built  and they cant afford good housecleaners?!?!Still gave it 3 stars since the rest of the hotel is beautiful (besides the guest rooms), great restaurants, very convient (walk ways to City Center and Planet Hollywood). I just will never stay there again.
5	What's interesting about this place is that even though it's made for 20-somethings and mid-life crisis people, I wasn't too annoyed.  This hotel is definitely for adults.And I do agree with some people that the hotel resembles a movie, and that you're in the damn movie.  It's just beautiful.We were in a suite for a couple of nights, and I thoroughly enjoyed the room for the TVs, the balcony, and most especially the huge shower with a tub inside.  Yeah, the shower room has a tub.  It's the biggest shower I've seen in my time in Vegas without having to shell out more than $500 a night for a room.  Definitely impressive.I don't think I had any lingering issues, and I do enjoy the amenities that went with it.  I think I plan on coming back.
4	This place is amazing! I never even knew this hotel existed. Ah, the Cosmopolitan, with your huge hanging chandelier and bevy of young, beautiful clientele. It's like living in the hot, new club where everything pulses and it's possible for sexy to be personified by a hotel!
5	The Cosmo is my new favorite casino on the strip! The dealers are cool, the drinks are delicious & the people are hot! It's a place where you actually feel as though someone has put some tender loving, thought and attention into the decor and training the staff. I love having cocktails while gambling and it's always disappointing when you order a mixed drink and it comes back LAME! Those of you who gamble and drink know what I mean. You've just lost $1000 on the tables and you get a crappy martini served in a small glass. LAME! Maybe that's why my boyfriend always drinks beers? It's pretty tough to mess up a bottled beverage.I completely expected to have a crappy drink while gambling at the Cosmo but was pleasantly surprised when our drink girl brought us the best Comopolitan I've had in my entire life! The martini glass was big, the cocktail was tasty and even though we weren't winning any money that night, I was completely happy! I watched as Chef Curtis Stone rolled the dice on the next table, sipped on my perfect cosmopolitan (one of three I might add) and thought "This is the life..." We are totally staying at the Cosmo on our next trip to Vegas! Cheers yeeps, bottoms up!Yelp 365 Challenge: #37/365 (The Perfect Cosmo)
4	Gorgeous hotel.  The Chandelier is so pretty and I LOVE the ever changing pillars in the front lobby!  We were actually quite pleased with our room.  We stayed on the 22nd floor in a terrace room.  They offered us an upgraded Bellagio fountain view for $50 more and we declined.  We figured out why later on that night, even though to us, it didn't really matter.  We were on the east tower which is around the corner from the Marquee beach club which is "thumpingly" loud during the day (which we heard while coming in and out from shopping/eating out etc) and "thumpingly" loud at night from the club.  We were there Fri/Sat night. 'Club nights' lol.  Like I said, to us it really made no difference because we weren't really disturbed by it because we weren't in the room all that much, but I can see how it wouldn't be okay for people that like some peace and quiet. The room itself is very nice. It has a kitchenette, big closet, separated bedroom sectional couch in living room/mini office, two flat screen tvs, a bubble tub, and a HUGE seated shimmery glass mosaic shower  roomy enough for two, or 3? The kitchenette has a dishwasher (weird?) and a microwave, but no dishes or silverware. No coffee either? I did have enough foresight to bring some of my own alcohol with me and the kitchenette did work out well for this.  :)  Nice robes and little slippers too.  The balcony is a nice touch-haven't seen too many of these in Vegas, but again, not really functional. It is at least 5 times louder when you open the sliding glass door! hehee.One miss is day 2 our bathroom light went out and we called to have it fixed when it happened and no one ever came to fix it. Oh, and we had no problem using the free parking! (Just as long as you don't plan on driving yourselves to and fro) Just follow the SIGNS...and we made sure to take pictures of what elevator you go up, what floor, etc.  We parked it until check out. Piece of cake....
4	Great views with awesome balconies! Our suite had a view of Bellagio water show and strip. Regular rooms are beautiful and big also. The only reason it gets four, not five, stars is the lack of quick food. When on an all-girls trip, sometimes you want a cheap quick meal. Cosmo does not have this, unless you want the hidden pizza place (upstairs down the hall) everyday. I guess it wasn't the aim of the hotel to provide quick, cheap meals, but it would have increased my reviews. Besides that, no complaints!
5	What can't I say about this place!  The Cosmopolitan has set the gold standard for casino resorts in Vegas. If you are intending to open a resort in Vegas, well, there's the model by which you should meet or exceed!I suggest getting there early and leaving late.Arriving to the hotel is like arriving to the set of a movie (or some island resorts if you've been to few with the epoxy drive ways, etc).  Once you turn off the main street and into the valet area of the hotel, you know for sure you are in for an ultra-hip experience.From the fragrance that fills the air to the details of the 5 story chandelier, you know that no detail was spared the hotel. The thing that's most impressive about this resort is the casino area on the first 5 or so floors. WOW. I beg of you - get to the Marquee early!3 fantastic pools!  The strategy should be different for all 3.  #1 - Bamboo - go here in the morning for a more peaceful atmosphere and brunch. #2. Boulevard - check out this pool for the special events or if you want to do lunch and play some games in between soaking in the pool. LOVED it.  Louder younger crowd.. #3 Day Club pool - this is a spot for all day and night.  I believe it is connected to Marquee, but I can't really  be sure. I should have asked.The Bond Bar - uhm basically a club, sans the $25 cover charge.  I preferred being here for that reason.  Great drinks and nice bartenders. Oh yeah, and it practically sits on the strip!  So people walking by wave at ya if you're sitting on the near side of the bar... they just basically wish they were you.my only complaint is the Cosmo's rooms just are not as nice as Aria's rooms.  Aria has the Cosmo beat on rooms.  Other than that, no other casino can open down there and not be compared to the Cosmopolitan.
5	My new favorite casino!  By far!The decor is amazing.  The music makes my hipster ears happy.  Sensors in the garage tell me there's an open spot.  There's art vending machines.  There's fun glass elevators to ride on (be careful when wearing a dress).  There's tons of restaurants.  There's dog statues!  SECRET PIZZA!!!So, that about sums up my love of the Cosmopolitan.  Plus they had Robert Randolph for FREE at Book & Stage.  Whaaat?!
3	This review is not really for the hotel but the Deadmau5 show. The hotel lobby itself is very well done. Super modern, super glam, and when we considered booking here super pricey too. This is definitely the creme de la creme for Marriott Rewards Points hotels. Yes, folks it's part of the Marriott Rewards "Autograph Collection" of hotels.  I think you need like 1 billion points to stay one night.  Kidding aside they have done a superb job with the look and vibe of this newer Vegas resort.There was an amazing performance in one of the lobby bars from a bada** chick on the drums. I would go back to see her again in a heartbeat!Now for the Event  -I felt like a rat in maze trying to find the location for this performance if you can call it that. There were way too many halls, escalators, and elevators to deal with & NO WHERE TO SIT DOWN!!!!!!!  Get real cause I am not paying several thousand dollars for an over-rated table behind some concert barricade. You must be crazy! We already felt bent over paying $180 to see this trick.With so much hype and anticipation (we heard this guy's music was life changing) leading up to this show I found myself saying this guy better blow the roof off!! Note to self: don't wear 5 inch heels ever again. Damn, I wish I could still pull off my raver pants and sneakers. ha ha Note to self: always remember to pack slip on flats for a night out in Vegas, especially if you decide to be a slave to fashion. Your feet will thank you.Note to self: shows in ball rooms SUCK BALLS!! Hands down one of the WORST venues ever and I have been to some pretty sketch places. It just wasn't conducive to a good show. Note to self ---it is not a good idea to walk down the strip from Lavo even in comfy shoes to the Cosmo. It's much further than it looks and your mood will not be brighter.  Save your feet and get a cab. Sorry - I am no fanboy for the mau5. He may fool the dumbed down masses who think Katy Perry has talent, but not me or my crew. It's sad because I really wanted to like him.His deep base is bad ass, but not consistent, and churning out disjointed high pitched noise that you can't dance to at 3am --- when the party should be jumping hardcore is a big NO NO!! Save that for experimental small shows not the main event Saturday night of LDW.We should've gone to Afrojack! :-(Any DJ that comes to the stage from 2-4am no doubt needs to be slamming the beats. Only hardcore mau5 heads will feel like this show wasn't a letdown. Too much dead time, too much warm up DJ, and Paris Hilton gyrating her hasbeen a** on stage - Really??? Need I say more? blehThat's the best your headliner can do? I mean at least have some professional dancers.Maybe he is too edgy or futuristic or maybe he is just a fraud in a mask. Only time will tell. All I can say is he certainly is no DJ Monk who was bringing the sound of the underground to the masses long before roadkill hit the stage.Oh and you can take your $6 dollars for a cup of H20 and shove it!
5	I would give this place a 4 star review based on a few things.  But just for the sheer beauty of the pools, the ammenities that our room had & the WOW factor of the lobby this is a 5 star all the way.  This is a must stay when in Lost Wages even if it's for one night just to experience the place.  Check to make sure you can get an early check in & possibly a late check out even if it costs you because exploring this place can take quite some time.  To impress your lady friend this is definitely the place to bring her, and that is based on the sheer WOW factor that mine had on her face from the moment she walked through the door.  Great Job Cosmo!
5	GORGEOUS hotel inside and out.We didn't actually stay here, although I'd like to in the future when we're back in Vegas.Big ups to the designer of this hotel, it's like walking into my dream bedroom. I love how girly sexy everything feels here.They have a great selection of top-rated restaurants and who could beat that secret hole-in-the-wall pizza place inside?! OMG, what a hidden gem that was! Next time I'm there, I'm totally hitting up Wicked Spoon Buffet too! I hear good things about that place. :)
5	WOW this place is niceWhen I hear sleek with killer decor Cosmopolitan will always come to mindHad a few drinks in one of the barsThe chill lounges are niceThe Marquee club was bumpingThe decor is crazy nice I love the colors inside & outLots of floors w/lots of activitiesLove love love this place
2	Yes, beautiful. Yes, flashy, Yes, new. Yes, fun party place.  Customer Service is TERRIBLE.  Everything takes WAY too long. I have stayed in MANY hotels in MANY cities and this has to be one of the most over-rated hotels yet.  It is pretty.  I will give them that much but how about a little attention to detail.   The first room we stayed in was on the 26th floor.  The club downstairs was so loud, you could hear the pounding through the walls from 10:30am-6pm and then again from 10:00pm to 4:30am....  HORRENDOUS!  Granted most people staying in the hotel are here on vacation but we were here for work and it was miserable to sleep here or spend anytime in the hotel during the day.  The remotes did not work and the TV wouldn't play the movies you ordered.... The light in that bathroom and shower were out... We called for them to be replaced 3 times, 2 days later... we no longer had to pee in the dark.  Our second room was on the 53rd floor.  Thank god the club noise was no longer an issue.  The movie system still did not play the movies we ordered- we had to have them removed from the bill.  The two times we requested room service they quoted 1.5 hours! We only ordered once.  The quote was correct. On top of all this...  The hotel held over $3,300 on our card for incidentals...  "due to the length of our stay"$3,300 !!!  Are you kidding me?!?!?!  That is ridiculous!  Needless to say,  we didn't pick this hotel and  I will never choose to stay in the hotel again and I think you should seriously consider it before spending the kind of money they ask for.
4	A solid 4 star Hotel.Only reason it is not 5 star is for the gaming portion.The hotel is new and has all the bells and whistles.When I checked in I was told to come back around 2 pm to get my room(no big deal) which I did.I was upgraded to a wrap around suite that was awesome.This thing could sleep 10 easily.The best part was the patio.One side was a view of the strip and the other was the bellagio and water show...The hotel has several nice bars and lounges with a very nice sports type bar on the main drag in the hotel.There were several food options on the 2nd floor which we tried but nothing that really stood out.The pools were great also.There are 3 so regardless of your mood you can find one that will work for you.The gaming was so so and after 2 nights of loosing went across the street to PH and won my money back.Much different vibe at PH also.More fun and lively.I hung out there for the balance of my stay and had a blast.
5	Perhaps the sexiest place on the strip.  Just the decorations scream "take me now"!  I wish I can translate this Vegas spectacular into my personal home.Just an FYI- there is a hole-in-the-wall pizza joint located on the uppermost floor.  They mainly serve locals and workers, but if you find the place- they give you props and serve you as well.  The pizza joint doesn't have a name and isn't decorated but the food is well worth the treasure hunt.STK is also marvelous.  Refer to my STK review for more details.
4	Lovely, gorgeous, fantastic, great people watching, great rooms (washers and dryers and microwaves?!), great event spaces and restaurants.LOVE that you can access the meeting space directly from the guest elevators - no tromping through the casino!  Great buffet too.I want to stay here.
4	A gorgeous hotel!!! This review is for the room only.I had the opportunity to stay in a Terrace One Bedroom and it was simply a breathtaking room, more like an awesome studio apartment. The room did not feel like the typical "Las Vegas" hotel room.. It felt homely and comfortable in a modern chic kinda way.The King size bed is very comfy. It comes with plenty of pillows & a nice thick down comforter and no cheesy brown yucky blanket like the other vegas hotel rooms. The Shower/Tub area is pretty awesome..it has plenty of windows..with views to the outside city lights and also views into the Bedroom (there are privacy blinds, if necessary) However, my only gripe about this is that, I wished it had a soaking tub instead of a Japanese style soaking tub.. It would be nice if someone that is taller than 5ft can stretch out their legs after a long day shopping and/or gambling. There are complimentary Robes & Slippers along with C.G.Bigelow Products. There is also balcony where you can actually go outside and hangout. Its somewhat private where people cannot see you, however I'm sure if the person at the hotel across the way had binoculars, they can see everything. The furniture cannot be moved, its like glue to the ground.Another thing I truly thought was awesome about the this room, unlike other vegas hotels was the remote can control lights and temperature). Its nice to be able to do all that without getting out of bed!I had to deduct a star, because I opened the fridge and found something old (god knows how long its been in there) and that is extremely nasty which grossed me out....Overall, I would totally stay at this hotel again. Its also, kinda in the middle of the strip, so its very accessible to everywhere.
4	My room at the Cosmopolitan was one of the nicest rooms I've ever stayed in. It was a small suite with an enormous bathroom, a sitting area, kitchen, and bedroom. My deck overlooked one of the pools (and, bonus, the sliding door was thick enough to block pool noises when I no longer wanted to hear them).Everything was gorgeous - from the bathroom tiles to the throw pillows on the couch. I wanted to take pictures and try to replicate in my own home.I even took two baths during my stay (yes, I took a bath in a hotel. In Vegas. It was a large, jetted tub - don't judge).The location is excellent. There is a casino on the bottom floor, several restaurants, and a nightclub (although seriously, I can't see myself ever having enough stamina to wait in the ferocious line that was present at the nightclub each evening. You'd have to be pretty gung-ho).So, four stars? Yeah. Check-in took forever and the keys I was given didn't work. A later call to the front desk was abandoned after I was on hold for ten minutes. I get it, it's Vegas - there are a lot of people in Vegas - blah blah blah. Regardless, service matters.
4	Tried the buffet here and it was pretty good for 38 bucks.  Has the crab legs, ribs, meat items and also bone marrow.  Pretty good service when cleaning plates and getting drinks.  One of the better buffets on the strip for a good price and not overpriced like the bellageo.
5	This place is sure to become a legendary Las Vegas Hotel.  It is a great example of why Las Vegas is the playground for adults.  I am just worried I will not have enough time to spend here.  This is truly a world class hotel.  It is truly something for the 22nd Century.  I even enjoyed hanging out with some great Hoyas!  Hoya Saxa!
5	First of all I want to start by saying that I absolutely LOVE the Cosmo!! Even though there was a moldy half eaten fruit and cheese plate left in our room, I couldn't remove a star because the rest of the experience was so great!My boyfriend and I stayed at the cosmopolitan 3 months ago for our 2 year anniversary. At check in we received a $50 drink voucher at the Bar near the checkin. We thought that was pretty cool:-) Because of our anniversary we were able to upgrade (for an extra few hundred dollars) to the Wrap Around Suite...OMG! First lets start with the fact that its basically an apartment (1400 sq ft), full kitchen, living room, bedroom, and two bathrooms. Next, the view was AMAZING!!! It doesn't get the name wrap around for nothing; the balcony was huge and literally wraps around the entire suite! From living room to the bedroom...It has two big couches on each end and a smaller couch on the corner of the balcony. Our view was from the Bellagio water show, the paris hotel (eiffel tower facing our living room was beautiful at night), and wrapped around to planet hollywood. It was Bananas! The bed was super comfortable, and I loved the jacuzzi style tub in the bedroom. Also, there was a washer and dryer...Yes, Inside of the room! What hotel does that? Amazing!Now lets talk about that nasty fruit n cheese plate. When we first arrived we thought it was some special thing for our anniversary until we saw the mold...Disgusting! We called housekeeping to have it removed, left the room for a couple of hours, came back and the nasty plate was still there! At that point we called to complain and the hotel was very accommodating; gave us a $150 food/drink voucher for any restaurant in the hotel and shortly after the cheese plate was removed. Housekeeping could definitely use some improving, but everything else about this hotel from the front lobby, the pools, spa, to the customer service (especially the room service-they were truly amazing/nice) was grade A and we will be returning for another stay in two weeks. Oh btw, I won like $400 playing wheel of fortune slots! :-D I forgot to add that there's this hidden pizza parlor (stays open until 3am) on the same floor as the Scarpetta restaurant; It is very much hidden (looks like a hallway to nothing), we kept seeing people walking around with pizza boxes and we're like wtf!? Where are they getting this pizza?!?! lol. We even asked some of the hotel staff and they didn't even know what we were talking about (Weird right?) It took us 3 out of our 4 night stay to find it. Sorry for the long post, theres just so much to say about this place. Loved it!
5	I had a room on the 35th floor.. love the design and feel of the Cosmopolitan... Very luxurious but it can be a pricey stay... the facility will nickel and dime you at every turn from the mini-fridge to the tempting amenities in the room and throughout the hotel... An absolute GEM! The staff are very attentive and respectful.. the place is classy no doubt about it... they have this eclectic air and physical dignity that is unmatched when you're the new boy in town... I was really impressed with the lobby area and various shops that they have in the building. This is an experience I won't forget and I will recommend them to everyone... I had the most amazing view of the Bellagio from my suite... absolutely breath taking views... Spend the money and stay in the five-star fantasy called the Cosmopolitan...!
5	Great new Casino with a very cool look.   Did not stay here but spent some time in the bars and eats here.  All were great.  Staff here was very friendly.Must try The wicked Spoon buffet.  If you into the nightlife check out The Marque.
5	I can't wait to stay here again.  The boudoir, goth, luxurious feel carried from the lobby, into the elevators, the casino floor and the rooms...We got a pretty good rate going to Vegas mid week and the terrace room we got was gorgeous in the West tower over looking the Bellagio fountains and Paris Eiffel Tower.  The awesome $75 promotion voucher went into dinner at STK the first night which was pretty good but not the best I've had (compared to peter luger's and such in NYC). However the service and overall experience at STK was yummy.  The hidden pizzeria was, as promised, pretty darn good!  The Wicked Spoon buffet was just perfect, with tons of variety and high quality for most of the dishes.Then we tried Marquee nightclub that Monday night, was able to get in for free and skip the line b/c we were hotel guests. The club was SICK, great music, the expected high priced drinks, fun vibe especially around the pool area and even gambling tables.  Despite the club being on the other side of the hotel though, we heard the bumping bass til 3am. Fortunately, the nightclub was not open the other 2 nights we were there.The Dayclub was a fun day in the sun with dance party music and pretty people, but the Boulevard pool would've been just as pleasant if not more just to relax instead.The Chandelier bar had delicious cocktails and even a Cosmopolitan ordered at the gaming tables was great. I wish i had known to order them earlier in our stay but maybe it's good I didn't b/c we came out even after our 4 day stay of gambling.by far, the hottest hotel, casino and club in town...
3	Great rooms. Restaurants and bars in this hotel are very good.Although the Cosmopolitan has been open for nearly a year they just don't have it together yet. The lines to check in or out at chaotic. I was unable to get a final statement when leaving as the front desk was a mob seen. A trip to the front desk to get an extra key took 25 minutes.There was no facility to print boarding passes or at least none that any of the employees knew about. We left an extra hour early and had our boarding passes printed at the airport. A cab driver told us they avoid the hotel of traffic congestion, making the line long and slow. There were times we waited 15 minutes or more for an elevator to squeeze into. Many would stop at absolute capacity. I am told this building was intended to be condos rather than a hotel. This may explain the difficult approach for the cabs and the seemingly insufficient number of elevators. Residents would likely not be coming and going as often as visitors. Thus would be a good place to stay on weekday but not during busy times.Out suite had a washer and dryer, full kitchen great view and good view. I would stay here again if they fixed the front desk and added six more elevators in the West tower.
5	In one word - SUPERB! I arrived on a Friday night and had absolutely no wait at the registration desk. The staff was super friendly and I was immediately into a one bedroom terrace suite. From the very beginning to the very end this hotels was 5 stars in every way! The room was outstanding with a view of the fountains at the Bellagio. The room was HUGE with a balcony as well as a living room and BIG bathroom. Everything in the room was controlled via the remote control for the TV (lights, climate control etc).There is something for everyone to see and a great location for high and low end shopping and eating.
2	While the room was clean and well-appointed, the hospitality was lacking. Long check-in wait, Bamboo pool was closed, the other non-topless pool was crawling with swinger-types and all the lounge chairs were either occupied or reserved. I asked a guy setting out more loungers how I could get one and he told me they were first come, first served, even though I could see about 20 in the storage locker behind him. The front desk didn't know which ballroom my conference was in, shopping was meh.Felt like I fit the Cosmo's target demographic, but they're not trying hard enough to fit my target vacay destination. Would be hard-pressed to stay here again.
2	Not worth the money but I would reconsider staying again for the following reasons:PROs- Blue Ribbon Restaurant was delish!  The Gindara Saikyoyaki(miso black cod) was my favorite!  It was cooked to the perfection which melts right in the mouth.- Marquee, one of the best day and night club in Vegas!!  - it was very convenient to book our stay there, so we could arrange everything within Cosmo without worrying about taxis and drunken girls :)- loved the antique and modern decor in the room.CONS- housekeeping not up to standard for the price of this hotel.  I've stayed at other hotels where they restock all the toiletries when it is halfway full.  They would fold the clothes from the floor and put it neatly on a chair or bed.  Neaten up the mess on tables, floors, and change the mugs in the room daily.  Unfortunately our housekeeper did not do any besides making our bed.  It is very aggravating running out of shampoo, conditioner, body wash in the shower.  I also left a gel eye mask in the refridgerator, which was gone the very next day.  I assumed it was thrown out.. but why would you throw that out?  There were plenty of trash in the room that should've been thrown out but yet my gel eye mask was thrown out?  - long check in line- i called rom service for hot water and I was told it will take an hour and 15 minutes!  WHAT??  All i wanted was a hot water... unfortunately, i couldnt wait and never got my hot water.I hope if i ever stay at this hotel again, I will see a big improvement from all the cons i have listed.
4	My husband took me to Vegas for our anniversay. This is our 3rd trip out there, first time at Cosmo. The hotel is out of this world. Glam, glitz, rich, incredible. I loved our room. We had a view of the Bellagio Fountains/Paris. Amazing.  The room was clean, bed was comfy, loved the walk in shower, no noise. Perfect. The resturants in the hotel were incredible and the service was out of this world. Not a bad thing to say. The reason I could not give them a 5 star was the customer base. I am not old or a prude however, we felt a little out of place at times. Kind of like everyone was too cool for school. The crowd was younger - i am guessing its because of the day/night club in the hotel. Plus the pool parties were big hits. It brought in a lot of people and there were many times we witness people starting fights, being drunk, girls walking around in dental floss bathing suits and high heels (which was kind of funny-never thought that was a good look). It kind of cheapened things in a way. It just didn't carry the same vibe a lot of other hotels do. In a nutshell. Great place just a things to know about.
5	I have to give the Cosmo 5stars mainly cause of All Saints! Great hotel.
4	my wife and i stayed here on a comp offer for our first and only stay in Sept 2011. we stayed on the 26th floor in a terrace suite with a view of the bellagio fountains on the 26th floor. we loved the room itself. the base we could heard from the dayclub/nightclub was annoying as hell. the pizza place at cosmo is awesome and even better due to the late hours. cosmo casino is ok, drink service is hit and miss. the crowd is pretty annoying at night, a bit too ed hardy for my taste. we prefer aria/wynn and bellagio
5	this is as good as it gets in vegas, baby. it's a brand-spanking new, stiletto'ed glam-fab casino on the strip. it's the jimmy choo of casinos if they were shoes.Key Points1. service is pretty flawless. it's almost like being waited on by management consultants because they are constantly coming up with solutions to best serve you or answer a question. not the usual robotic, yes/no responses. oh and when you hit "beck and call" on the phone, a smart, polite, amicable person picks up within 1 ring.2. the restaurants on the 3rd floor are all super expensive. all of them. i mean like $36/dish expensive. but pretty stunning selection.3. billing and estimation is HORRENDOUS. although I booked through "a third party" (priceline) i got 4 or 5 different interpretations of my bill.  some people said there would be 12% on top, others said not. we got so many mini bar charges that were reversed. i'm pretty sure they do that just to smoke & mirror you. oh and it's been a week since i got back and i STILL haven't gotten the bill emailed to me. 4. Location could be better. a couple ppl commented that it's not as central as Bellagio and Caesar's.5. Decor is gorgeous. It's more of a fashion experiment in art-deco, glam, accessory-mania, glitterati kaleidescop-ism. an oasis from the disney-themed or italian/roman-themed casinos LV is beating the crap out of.6. i have to comment on the music in the elevator, downstairs lobby, and Holsteins. whoever chose that music is my lover. and my savior amidst the mind-numbing euro-trash club techno. DEPECHE MODE? JUNIOR BOYS? SPOON? NEW ORDER? i wanted to curl up in that psychedelic elevator the whole trip and be mind-massaged by all the music i love. CALL ME. WE WILL MAKE BEAUTIFUL MUSICAL BABIES TOGETHER. WE WERE MEANT TO BE.7. Marquee:Clubs as Jupiter:Planetsciao
1	The Cosmopolitan should spend a little less money on iPads and a little more money on staffing their hotel.  We arrived on Saturday at 2 pm and spent about an hour checking in.  Fine, no big deal, it's to be expected.  But I happened to forget a room key at 2 am, and lo and behold, there was another hour long line!I was in Vegas for my brother-in-law's bachelor party and I was more than ready to throw down money.  I paid $1300 for a 2 bdrm sweet.  I was ecstatic to find that they ran out of those suites and were going to upgrade us to a Penthouse with a butler.  The butler service was great in concept, but the butler did little more than fill up a tub of ice for us and leave.  For the rest of the evening, it was nearly impossible to get ahold of hotel staff.  I don't think that's any fault of their own -- the Cosmo just needs to hire more people; bottom line! The room itself was amazing, no doubt.  It easily slept our relatively large group and came with some outstanding views of the city.  I wouldn't expected no less, however, for the amount of money I put down on a non-holiday weekend. I would expect that on top of the room, however, there would be some perks to staying in the hotel.  For instance, access to the hotel clubs and pools would have been a plus.  But at the Marquee club and at many of the pools at the hotel, the employees make it a point to denote that the Cosmo does not own these facilities and instead contracts out these venues.  This is absolutely ridiculous -- why contract out the two main attractions (pools and clubs) at your own hotel?  The people running these venues had a very snotty attitude as well. Everything that could go wrong seemed to go wrong.  It took ages to check out in the morning.  We ordered pizza and it literally took two hours for it to arrive.  We were graced with someone at the concierge desk who tried to remedy the situation -- he actually got us to the front of the line at the buffet downstairs.  Still, keeping 10 guys waiting for 2 hours is unbelievable.  The casino itself is stuffy and lacks class.  The Chandelier bar is overcrowded and annoying.  And the acclaimed pizza at the Pizzeria on the 3rd floor -- well, I've had better in a high school cafeteria.  All in all, not at all worth the time and effort I put into this reservation.
5	Stunning!!  Checked into a 1bdrm -Fountain View Suite.  PERFECT SELECTION!!!  The view was so nice, we opted for the East Tower which is situated closer to the strip.  It's directly next to the fountains of Bellagio.The bathroom had a walk in shower with fancy soaking tub that looked out on to the strip.  Living room was very modern/chic.  The sort of "closet" area was huge with mirrors all over.  The whole thing is a for sure return room.I'd have to say Cosmopolitan is better for a younger crowd.  Fun and hip!!  Awesome experience...
4	It was my sister's birthday and we planned to celebrate in Vegas.  I travel a lot for work and have racked up a ton of points and Platinum Elite status, so we decided to stay at the Cosmopolitan (it's a Marriott property).  I'll be honest, I have wanted to stay here since it opened but was not willing to fork over $400/night. THE GOOD:The property is simply stunning.  The decor is very modern and trendy and the Cosmopolitan also attracts that same kind of clientele.  The people (guests and visitors) who frequented the casino, bars, restaurants, and of course the Marquee were all younger folks who are super dressed up and there to party (as opposed to just gamble like in other casinos).  So if you are looking to stay at where it's "happening," this is the place to be.  Sidenote: the Marquee was the only club in Vegas that was truly happening.  It was kind of sad to see the other hotels desperately trying to get you to go to their clubs (partly a product of the poor economy, Vegas definitely did not have as many visitors as even 2 years ago).  Anyway, a perk for being a guest is that there is a seperate Hotel Guest line for the Marquee.Check-in lines are very short if you are Platinum Elite with Marriott ( Gold status may have the same access, I'm not sure though).  There is a special line for "Invited Guests," and wait time is probably 5 minutes max. Also, you get free breakfast for you and a guest at the Wicked Spoon buffet.  There is also a VIP line for Platinum Elite allowing you to go in and get seated while everyone else has to wait in line -- definitely a nice perk.  We stayed at a Terrace Studio and the view was amazing.  We had a perfect view of the strip and were directly over the Bellagio fountain.  The bed, pillows, and sheets were so soft and comfortable I didn't want to get out of bed.  The bathroom is one of the larger ones that I have seen in Vegas hotels.  There is a soaking bathtub with massage jets and a seperate glass shower.  The toilet is enclosed in its own litlte room inside the bathroom.  There are dual sinks, which are super nice/handy.THE BAD: Room service/housekeeping is S-L-O-W.  I called down for extra toiletries, slippers, robes, and toothpaste and it took about an hour for it to finally come.  This is after I called down again about 45 minutes in.  When the person finally came, they forgot some items like the slippers and toothpaste so I had to call down again and it took another 30 minutes for those items to be delivered.  Maybe I should not expect that much from a Vegas hotel but in my experience at other Marriott properties, room service/housekeeping usually arrives super fast.  (The platinum elite arrival gift also took about an hour to arrive).Wicked spoon was great since it was free, but not worth the money otherwise.  Bellagio and other buffets on the strip have a way better selection and costs about the same or less.  Don't get me wrong, there was some good food, but not worth the ~$30 cost.THE UGLY:The room was clean (pillowcases, sheets, comforter, etc.) and I never felt like it was unsanitary (I'm a germophobe).  However, I did notice that the room was somewhat untidy --the floors had some stains on it, the inside wall of the bathroom had dirty fingerprints on the wall (just one set, probably left by someone fixing something..I hope?).  The glass door to the terrace also had one set of prints.  The terrace had a cigarette butt hanging out.  I know I am being super picky here and it isn't a big deal, but I guess I expected a little more from such an extravagant hotel.  This hotel is relatively new so I think they are still figuring things out but they need to work on some organization issues.  The platinum elite line for check-in, for example, was not clear.  It simply stated "Invited Guests" and the sign wasn't that obvious (although I guess there were velvet ropes, but I didn't really notice).  If it weren't for the Platinum Elite representative calling me ahead of time to let me know that there was a special check-in line, I wouldn't have known.  Also, when we were in line for the Wicked Spoon, my sister asked one of the staff members there who was selling/serving coffee, if there was a VIP/Marriott line.  She said there was only one line.  However, as we got closer to the front of the line we saw that there was a seperate line for "Invited Guests" which are for VIP/Platinum Elite and we didn't have to wait at all.  The representative there indicated that there is still confusion within the hotel staff about who belongs where.  Anyway, this isn't a huge deal, but I expect more for such an expensive hotel.The hotel gets 4 stars because, well, it was amazing to stay at.  It is truly a luxurious hotel with top amenities and great restaurants/shopping/clubbing, all within the hotel.  However, it could be cleaner and the staff is not as organized as it could be.
5	Service at checkin was a little spotty..but looking around the hotel more than makes up for the spotty service.For a fairly new hotel, we were a bit shocked that the hallways in the room towers and the walls in the hotel room were scuffed...can't they fix that up?  Couldn't get over the fab balcony!  And yay for c.o. Bigelow everywhere!
3	Definitely the Chicest and hippest hotel on the strip. Beautiful decor, The most gorgeous array of couches right where all the restaurants are upstairs.Pictures galore for us who like to take it! Seems like Wolfgang Puck has the highest dibs on this place, I noticed two of his restaurant and cafe was here and they're both beautifully matching the entire theme of the hotel. The hotel rooms? Aint cheap...I checked and it was $300 for a normal regular size room. I'm not sure if this is their normal rate (certain events hike up the prices like boxing event and such)Definitely worth checking out!
5	We stayed here for four nights (Sunday - Wednesday) and did not want to leave, ever. And with all the amenities there is hardly a reason to leave! The Rooms: are stunning and HUGE and sexy. It is true that the East Tower is loud at night, so request West Tower or bring earplugs if you are there on a Friday, Saturday, or Monday night. The Staff: with the exception of the Boulevard pool staff, all the other staff were extremely friendly and approachable, especially the waiters and waitresses at the various restaurants. We chatted with a bouncer at Marquee for about 30 minutes. The Spa: my husband had the balance and harmony massage and love it. I had the vitality and vigor transformation and I think it was customized because we were in a couples room and some of the transformation elements could have been disturbing, so it was not as 'transformative' as I might have liked but it was a good massage. Definitely go with the couples suite, it has a steam shower, true rain shower, and soaking tub and you get 30 minutes of alone time after your services. The Restaurants: were superb. The grilled fish and charred octopus at Milos was amazing. Jaleo was so much fun and I loved the homemade 'olives'. China Poblano seems like a crazy idea but it was fantastic. The Beijing Glass noodles, the Viva China taco, and the Mango Sticky Rice (with sticky rice foam and mango granite) were my favorites. Golden Spoon is the best buffet in Vegas, no question. Hofsteins was perfect. Tip - They have Monday specials all over the hotel. $1 Shots at Hofsteins and 80 minute spa treatments for the price of 50 minutes, just to name two. Check out the site for more details.
4	10/3/2011 - 10/4/2011 GF and ICheck-in area: The new hip and con-temp (Gothic) design of the cosmopolitan Las Vegas mesmerize me from the floors to the ceiling, when I enter the hotel. The smell, atmosphere and the theme is just like it came out from the in side of the magazine "The Cosmo" Every where I've walked is GOTHIC "They kept it dark and sinful feeling, I like it".   The Casino/Sport book: Small gaming area but I had a short memory in the casino. However, the sport book area is O.K. they used one of the store location and converted into a sport booking area. Small but convenience located on the East side tower.  The ROOM:  I was so excited and can't wait to see what they offer me in my room. We stayed at the East towers of the hotel TERRACE ONE BEDROOM - FOUNTAIN VIEW (spectacular view) overlooking the Bellagio hotel and the fountain to the North of LV (awesome). Had some wine and a noodle on the balcony of the hotel. The room is nice and clean modern (new) con-temp. The bath tube and the shower is nicely done and they kept it playful and sinful for any adult. The Restaurant Collection:  ESTIATORIO MILOS and BLUE RIBBON SUSHI BAR & GRILL see my review. Pro: Conveniently located in the Center of the Las Vegas strip. Next to the City Center (shopping) and restaurant. Con: Rent a car don't take a Taxi to any where.to and fromairport - hotel (street) =$21 + include tips. @9am Monhotel - the outlet (north/free way) = $21 + include tips. @10am Tuethe outlet back - hotel = $26 + include tips. @5pm Tuehotel - the airport = $33 + include tips. @7pm TueTotal: hotel $240 + taxi $101 + meal $200 - game $250= $331.
4	i just loved the decor. feminine, modern, sexy. next vegas trip im booking a room here. then i'll write a more detailed review. ;)
4	A clean modern hotel-I think one of the newest on the strip.  Centrally located and within walking distance of all the major casinos, shows and hotels.Check in was easy.  Waited about 7 minutes to get to the counter.We were lucky, got our room right away.We had the basic room.  It was large with two queens, overlooking the Bellagio fountains and the strip.  Well worth the price I paid. The room was large and clean.  It is an interactive room. You can control most everything from the TV or phone.  The room was quite and AC worked great.  Maid service was so-so.  Left dirty towel on floor one day and didn't supply new soap. Nor did they replace the used glasses supplied with the room.  Second day she didn't arrive until 4pm.  Too late, got some towels and let her go. This may have not been totally her fault-where do hotels cut cost-maids. Making them clean more rooms per day.  If this hotel wants to be truly first class they need to improve this area.The casino was new clean and modern.  A lot of games to be played.  All staff was friendly and competent.I would stay here again-let's see if they can keep up the quality in this economic downturn.
5	Decided to spend my 35th Birthday here a couple of weeks ago and boy I wasn't disappointed at all.This place is like a hotel out of your dreams. Beautifully designed, great decor, wonderful views and exquisite dining. It's nothing short of fabulous.The only thing I didn't get to enjoy was the pool and I'm pretty sure it was cool too :)Since it was my birthday we upgraded our room so we could have a view so they put us on the 63 floor :)  Our view was heavenly!!!! We were facing the Bellagio and got to see the water show for the entire stay.  In case you didn't know, The Cosmo is a Marriott property. We were able to use our points :)Can't wait to stay here again!
5	If you're going to spend money on an upscale Vegas hotel, this is the one to book. The staff is friendly, the rooms are clean, and the hotel/casino is amazing! Plus, as a guest, you get access to Marquee without having to wait in the general admission line.Food wise, there's several great restaurants, at least 2 of which are open all night. Room wise, spend the extra $75 and get a suite; nothing beats chilling on your own private patio! Request one above the pool area, that way you can party on your balcony while the music from the live acts/DJs filters up from the pool!The verdict? If you're going to be spending any time at all in your room, book the Cosmo. I promise you won't regret it. However, if you're one of those people that likes to gamble and club nonstop, don't drop the money if you're never going to be in your room.
3	Didn't stay here but this place gets the bizness because it has Spanish 21!!!!!!
4	Pretty quick and competent bell and desk staff, and generally just quite good across the board. Rooms were spacious, if a bit odd on privacy between shower and bedroom (i.e., better for a date than a co-worker sharing the room with you), and the beds were very comfy. Contains one of the better bars in town (Vesper), and another one that is striking-looking, but only pretty good (Chandelier), as well. A couple decent fooderies that I sampled, and other additional options too.The casino smelled better than most (i.e, less cigarette smoke). Very nice pool/deck, as well.
4	My fiancee and I took a one night trip to vegas for a few meetings. We arrived early and asked if it would be possible to check in sooner, we were told we could if we upgraded our room at an additional price. So we did because check in time was after our first meeting. It would have been nice to see the lady try to pull a few strings for us since we already paid a substantial amount for a terrace studio, but true to vegas form upsell upsell upsell. I was glad we upgraded because the wraparound terrace suite was exceptional.  My Biggest beef with this room however, was the fact that the pool 28 floors down turns into a club and let me tell you trying to sleep with the techno beat basically in my room SUCKED. I was hoping to catch up on some much needed rest and that didn't happen.As far as cleanliness the room was damn near impeccable was it not for the big red lipstick stain on the carpet (eyesore) and the terrace hadn't been cleaned up to there were dirty paper towels and a spilled drink on the floor (very excalibur). These are minor details but at the price we paid, shouldn't have been there. Staff: friendly and put togetherHotel: PRETTY AMAZINGFinally to put it simply The Cosmopolitan makes The Wynn look boring and outdated.
4	Love their parking structure and organization!!!Inside is like a typical casino on the strip, but i like it that it's simple and modern.Wicked Spoon buffet is located inside... I highly recommend it.
3	Convenient location, not very impressed with detail of cleaning service crew or concierge service. Spacious standard room, slick and modern but not at par with JW Marriott or W hotels. Price was very reasonable.
4	This place is dope.  Every time I am in Vegas I make it a point to either stay here or frequent the bars and clubs in the Cosmo.  Without saying, the interior of the place is awesome.  The feel and the vibe is definitely unique and has it's own, trendy young vibe to it.  The first thing you see when you walk into the place are pillars with screens that change images.  Walk a little further in, a bar with a stage playing live music and then table games mixed into the floor.As far as bars and clubs go, this has to be one of the best hotels hands down.  Every experience I have in Vegas is completely different here.  Drink at every bar, go to club, talk to every random girl in the place , drink too much, lose friends (not intentionally), end up in other casinos, and some how wake up where I am supposed to be the next day.From a guys perspective, this place is a contender for having some of the hottest girls on Vegas strip.
5	Awesome! I think we're going to stay here next time! I felt like I was doing everything there. Eating, drinking, lounging, gambling, just had to swim and sleep there and it would have been literally everything! I think I will do that next time! Lots of great art all around the casino. Surprisingly enough, steampunk like themes! I was very excited to see this at a major casino. Thank you for your AWESOME chandelier lounge. THIS IS VEGAS.
4	This is the new party hotel in Vegas.  It kind of has a rock star-ish decor like The Hard Rock and it's in a prime location.    The moment you walk in you can tell this is one of the new IT hotels/casinos.   Stayed at the terrace suite and it had an amazing view of the Bellagio fountains and surrounding casinos.   The room itself was nice but not amazing.  It's a 900 sq/ft room but the layout makes it look a lot smaller.  There is a full kitchen with a full sized fridge with two freezers.  There's bench seating with a table in the dining area and a nice bar extension in the kitchen.   The sofa for the living room area kind of sucked though...the seating part is too shallow so you can't really lie back and get comfortable.  There is a nice and big balcony where you can fit a bunch of people.  The seating on the balcony also sucked though.  You have to basically sit really straight...would have been better to have something like a recliner/chaise.  There's two full bathrooms, the master bath has a separate shower and bath while the second bathroom just has a shower and toilet.  Overall it's a really nice room but the thing that makes it most memorable is the super amazing balcony view.
1	I am a generally positive person that sees the glass half full. When coming to this new venue for a close friend's Bachelorette Party, I was thrilled by the decor and the set up of the rooms. That is the reason for the one star. Otherwise, I would have given it zero.The check in was a nightmare. They were disorganized, rude, would not add anyone else's name to the reservation of 7 girls (which we had disclosed to them upon booking the room) without begging at the front.The parking is confusing and not easily accessible.The casino is cold and doing its best to mirror a spa with horribly snobby attendants. This is a casino. We are here to play games (the cheapest table was $25, but that's fine since this is the image they are going with) so please stop acting like you are doing us a favor. It's our money that we are OPENLY giving over to you. Not even The Wynn has this much attitude.Then, came the situation that I have discussed with a lawyer and about which I am still unsure of what to do. We had purchased tickets for a Fat Boy Slim concert on their roof during this Labor Day weekend celebration. The lines, as you can imagine, were insane and everyone was trying to get in. We had tickets, so we tried to find the difference between tickets and no tickets. When I attempted to ask the bouncer (whose name escapes me but he has a tattoo on his arm with his anniversary and looks almost identical to Steve-O) where we needed to stand, he literally turned his back to me and would not answer my question. I thought he didn't hear me, so I said, "Excuse me, can you please tell me..." and before I could finish he put his finger inches from my nose and said, "I'm busy and will deal with you later." then walked away. We thought fine, we'll just wait here.After awhile, we got in our correct line and waited. It was divided into two sections to keep a pathway clear for other guests (which makes total sense, again I'm a reasonable human). When we walked (as instructed by another equally angry bouncer) to the other part of the line, Steve-O waited for us to get to the other side and then yelled, "You dumb (expletive) need to get in the right line. The end of the line is back there." I replied, "The other bouncer just told us to go here. We have tickets. Why are you talking to us like this?" He then ran to me and got inches from my face. He screamed he was going to kick me out and raised his hand like he was going to strike me. I was terrified and everyone in line was just staring, confused. I responded with, "You are being incredibly aggressive and if you are kicking me out, you need to decide that, but your tone and aggression are unnecessary." Seeing as how I was right and he had created a seen, he huffed and puffed and walked away. Others in line said, "Oh, he just did that to me too. I am trying to sell my ticket." They were always females saying this. It was a disgusting experience and was, by the definition of the word, assault.I will never return here. When I attempted to report this while there, I was ignored and told that a separate company hires out these people and they can't speak to it. I paid to stay at that hotel for 3 nights. Why would you not at least direct me to the person with whom I could file this report?Throughout the weekend, I heard, "We are only 7 months old" from a lot of employees. That's completely understandable that there will be hic-ups and mistakes! But, so much aggression from one employee, I was shaking and had to return to my room?! Then, to have no one wanting to help me at least report it?! I am not good at confrontation, so I let it go. But, for any and all people that are nice and want to experience Vegas in the fun, light-hearted way most trips there are intended to be, do NOT stay in this hotel. You are not safe, it is very expensive, and the staff is rude beyond anything I have ever experienced.I was simply left without words. From the valet, to the maintenance people - no one appears to be happy working here. You can get a high class, well respected experience (and I speak from having had them) at the Wynn and Mandalay Bay. Do not give them your money or your sense of security. Disgusting
2	Physical Property is goodMight be the worst customer service we have ever had in las VegasHard to imagine from pool service to room service how a bunch of people could care less.  Appears to be no leadership?   Why build a two billion dollar property and don't hire proper management
1	So the we arrived at the Cosmopolitan buffet restaurant around 8pm and then paid and started eating the food that was already cold. Then we were told the restaurant was closing at 9pm (of course they did not tell us this when we paid) and saw the staff taking away the food. My friend left her cell phone on the table to rush to grab some food before the closed. Hardly anyone was left in the restaurant. We saw the bus boy cleaning our table. When we returned to our table, my friend's cell phone was missing -- stolen. We suspect the bus boy as he was the only one seen going by our table. The restaurant staff was not helpful in speaking to him to try to retrieve it or doing much else. They just called security and refused to help in any other way. Of course the thief texts nasty crude emails to my contacts before it was finally turned off. Security then says they have no cameras in the eating area restaurant. Of course no one else in our group ate after that!Since we believe the bus boy staff is a thief and stole ... and the food was all cold... we would never go back there again
5	So i got to see what the rave was all about....Cab driver drops us off in the lobby.... "steaming hot".weather wise..and people wise.from girls all dressed up in their party heels with croth high hems, and dashing men coming out of their rides, walking all together like a herd of sheep.... Fabulous people watching setting.My party walks in and we see a wonderland of shiny, sparkly and blinged out things! from crystal looking low dropped giant chandeliers to shiny mirrored pillars..to modern chic lounges... aaaah. so HIP. so COOL.. so YOUNG!Save moolah and book a stay here!!!! And worth a visit.....to show off your classy sexy outfits and shoes....Don't bling yourself out too much though... you'll blend too much with the interior. Stand out and Keep classy!
5	BEST HOTEL/CASINO ON TH STRIP! Right away you walk in and the place is freakin bumpin and a bar is right there! The people seemed to be younger here than anywhere else too! which works for me because my boyfriend and I are 25& 22. Marquee is CRAZY! soo much fun! Great music, great people, drinks are Vegas priced and overall just the best experience ever @ a casino! Cosmo is a must @ Vegas and next time I will for sure stay here!
5	Love this hotel.  One of the cleanest hotels in Vegas.  Rooms are huge.  Location is excellent as well. No doubt next trip, this is where we will stay.
5	on the higher end of the price side for pizza but goes to show you get what you pay for. i have only been there a few times but both times were very good. on the note of the location of it, it really is extremely hidden you could walk by the entrance a million times and never see it, in fact i did walk past it atleast 5-6 times if not more before asking the security people where it was.DIRECTIONS YOULL NEED:its on the 3RD FLOORwhen you go up the escalator (assuming you come up the same one i did lol) youll see a pool table to your left and some chairs.if you look straight ahead from that escalator youll see a hallway, very narrow small looks like an entrance that could be for the maintenance to go through, THATS IT, that brown little hallway that looks like nothing.
2	This place looks like a Tor Burch store crossed with Star Wars.  WTF were they thinking?
4	I stayed 1 night in one of their Terrace Suites that overlook the day club. The room is crazy nice and high-tech!I did have to move rooms because my first room had an empty bottle of beer sitting on the counter when I walked in. I didn't mind because it happens every once in a while when I stay at different hotels. I've learned not to get upset over hotel problems as long as the staff is accommodating.The music from the day club is insanely loud even with the sliding door closed but I didn't care because it didn't bother me.
4	Okay....this hotel is by far amazing..... upon check in since we were celebrating a 30th birthday we got an AMAZING UPGRADE to a huge suite!!!  So that was awesome!!!!!..... Downside.... Later that night I notice they had drafted out a $600.00 charge on my debit card that was not disclosed upfront for any charges on the room!!!!! I was very unhappy about it..... it wasn't pending it was TAKEN straight out of my funds..... The Marquee Day Club........it is a cool scene however $500.00 tab to rent a lawn chair...PASS!!!!!!!  And while we were getting a drink at the bar my GF laid her phone on the bar and while she was turned away the bartender chick totally stole her IPHONE....No one else was even around so we know it was her....... The hotel security would not do anything because they said they are not affiliated with THE MARQUEE DAYCLUB....So keep an eye out.... they are shady folks working out there!!! Bond was super cool place to hang out and watch the girls in the boxes put on little shows! =-) Room services .... $$$$$$.....but pretty good.... but not amazing.... Overall....Very glam place.... just very expensive as well but if you have $$ to blow then its your type of enviornment!!! =-))))
5	This is based on partying here....not staying - although I'm guessing the rooms are incredible since the rest of the hotel is incomparable.If you're in LV, you MUST visit the Cosmo.  That's it.  Period.
2	What a completely disappointing experience!!!  I had high expectations from a 5-star hotel, but my experience proved that wrong. Being the newest and one of the nicest hotels on the strip, my friend decided he wanted to stay here to celebrate his dirty 30.  We decided to stay from Friday, October 14 to Sunday, October 16.RESERVATION:We had a decent size group so I decided to call into reservations and see if we could get a group rate.  My information was passed on to the celebrations department and I worked with Angela Cooper to set things up.  She was able to set a website up for our group so Cosmo would know our group was together and place us in rooms near each other.  In addition, because a site was set up, we were guaranteed set rates up until a certain date.  What wasn't clearly told to me was that a "block" of rooms would be reserved for me, but it doesn't mean rooms next to each other are reserved no matter how early you book, it means it's based on availability.CHECK-IN: What a horrible experience!!!*We checked in at the front desk at 1:20pm and were told that our room wasn't ready.  When I booked my room, it asked what time I would arrive.  I entered 1pm...why ask what time we'll check in when you're clearly not going to honor it?*The girl checking us in said she would check us in so when our room was ready, they would call us and give us our room number.  She also said she would notify housekeeping to get our room ready as soon as possible so it shouldn't be too long.*I mentioned to the girl checking us in that we had a block of rooms and wanted to make sure we were together.  She looks up a couple of names and said we're all on the same floor.  Turns out, we weren't (more on this later...)*We decided to walk around and get something to eat.  An hour later, we still didn't receive a call.  My friend calls and they said it would be another 10-15 minutes until our room was ready.*Being the tweeter that I am, I tweeted how annoyed I was.  Cosmopolitan tweeted me back mentioning that check-in technically wasn't until 3pm. Fine, I'll wait...*It's 3:15pm and I still haven't received a call that our room was ready.  My friend calls again where the operator had to contact the front desk.  They said our room was just about ready and we were able to go up.*We head up to our room.  WTF our keys aren't working.  My friend calls again where the operator says that's the correct room and they'll send security up with new keys for us.  *While my friend is on the phone with the operator, I'm on the concierge phone.  I'm told the bellboys could only bring keys to me if I'm in my room.  If I was in my room, why would I need keys?!  I said they could show them my ID to verify that it was me in the hallway.  I was then told only security could do that.  Fine, send me security!!  "It'll be 30-45 minutes until security can come up there" I was told.  Ughh!  Back down to the check-in desk I went.  *One of the birthday boys calls me and let's me know he just checked in and is in his room.  He tells me what floor he's on...NOT THE FLOOR THE CHICK CHECKING ME IN TOLD ME THEY WERE ON.*I expressed to a manager, I believe his name may have been Terry, how upset I was.  Although nice, we were simply credited $50 for food and beverage.*I was still tweeting with Cosmopolitan who had asked for my last name to contact the front desk to try to help me out.  They then tweeted me back to enjoy my upgraded room.  Ummm...I didn't receive an upgraded room, this was the room I paid for. FAIL!!!*We get to our room, we don't even have hand or face towels. ROOM:We decided to book a terrace studio room which at the time of booking was $280/night +tax.  The room had two queen beds, large bathroom complete with both a shower and tub, a small living room area, and a kitchen area which consisted of a sink, microwave, and fridge.  However, don't think you could store things in the fridge, it's all minibar items!  The room has two tv's, however no tv in the bathroom.  The terrace room looked towards the MGM and Aria direction.  I think if you want a view of the Bellagio, I believe you have to pay the premium view price.  Apparently I had a faulty room because it was EXTREMELY difficult for me to open the terrace door.  After going to one of our other friend's room, we also found out that we were missing the seat/ottoman combo on our terrace.  Because of my experience combined with the amount we spent to stay at a "5 star" hotel, I doubt I would ever stay at the Cosmopolitan again unless my trip was comped.  No doubt, Cosmopolitan will be receiving a complaint letter from me...an actual snail mail complaint letter!
5	Iunno what nicole was talking about, this shizz is coo, they even gave us free water while we waited to check in.I drank that water and gave them 5 stars for that. I think it was tap but it didn't matter I was thirsty.
1	wow. i cant blieve i forgot to post on here. this has been a long time coming (went april/may 2011). place is fkn rediculously DURTY and DURTY FILTHY. we stayed here cuz we love marquee. little did we know...it was friday @ about 9 pm when we arrived. 2 people in line front of us waiting in line to check in and 2 at the counter being helped.  There were literally 7 employees @ the check in counter walking around or on the computer. only 2 were checking ppl in.  10 min passed.  15 min passed.  20 min passed.  now there was 4 more ppl behind us in line. no employee says to the line "we'll be right with you, or thank you for waiting." no one bothers to look up at us, or even open at least antother check-in lane.  a ghetto lady in a wheelchair already at the counter, wants to get a room in the front for free and she does this pity party screaming and yelling and kicking and pretending to fall off her chair and is crying (i just COULDNT blieve she was handicapped, the moves she was doin), THE front desk girl (young and immature) ROLLS HER EYES at the lady and walks away to the back. then ladies and gentleman, wheelchair lady's so pissed, she walks up off her wheelchair and realizing what she did, she walks back to her wheelchair and then pretends to fall down.  The lady at the counter never comes back and we are waiting.  ok, they are dealing w/ a crappy customer, but give me a break, customer service was FUCKED UP making us wait half hour to get checked in.  everyone waiting in line was DISGUSTED.our room wasnt ready (wth. 9pm). we had to wait 45 min.  UNREAL on the chandaliers and whole casino floor. feel like im in mariahcarey's nitemare. BLING bling... BLING.  fine. gave them benefit of the doubt as theyd just opened and probably still figuring out their shit.  check in. first thing i wanted to do was take a shower. 2 steps into the bathroom, i see black medium length hairs (i counted 10) on the bahtorom tile floors. SICK. Then I see one in the sink.  I got a tissue and wiped them all up and threw it away.  I step into the shower and i see a couple more hairs on the seat section in the back of the shower!!! UGHHHHHHHHH. nassssttty. i throw those out.  whatever. didnt think anything of it, probably forgot to swweep the bathroom. or the maid was shedding.We go out, do our thing that nite, and i come back to sleep. Throw back the covers, and I SEE 3 black medium length hairs again (one under the pillow). OMG KILL ME.  but i was so tired i couldnt even call to complain. i picked up that shit w/ tissues.i could barely sleep, so at 8am, my man still sleepin, i go to the front desk and i nicely (i swear, i was nice - the girl looked nice) tell this girl about these medium length hairs everywhere in the bathroom from under the covers.  but of course, this bitch had the nerve to look up at my head and say "ARE YOU SURE IT WASNT YOURS?"  oh mother -  i had to restrain myself from crawling across the counter and beat her face in.  I say " look at my HAIR its down to my waist, I hAVE THE HAIRS FROM MY ROOM SAVED, ILL GO DIG IN THE TRASH AND GIVE IT TO YOU, WOULD YOU LIKE THAT?"  she says "no i dont need it" and gives a dirty face.  i say "YOUR HOTEL IS SO UNSANITARY AND YOUR CUSTOMER SERVICE AT CHECK-IN YESTERDAY WAS SO UNBLIEVABLY UNPROFESSIONAL, AND WE ARE PAYIN FOR YOU SUITE AND YOU'RE ACCUSING ME OF LYING" she says "well, do you want me to send a maid up to clean your place then?"  i say "is that what ur offering me? to clean up? after we paid all this money to stay at your DIRTY HOTEL, I want LAST NIGHT comped " she goes "we cant do that. we can give you 50$ food credit"  i said "get me your manager" she comes back and says "he says we cant comp your room" omg i had to leave before i was about to rip her eyes out. "give me $300 food credit." i can do 150$. "get ur manager". She dissappears n says, $275. I took it n left. What the... Mgr can't address guests face to face? Too trivial for u?  F-u Cosmo.we spent it all on their tacos. @ their restaurant called china poblano? The tacos were Amazing DELICIOUS (the hi-light of the hotel... as well as marquee.. and cosmo doesnt own marquee :) - both i give 5 stars, not reflected in this rating)i love allsaints. they have one in there. sad. ppl r gonna be wearing that stuff who shouldnt be. Majority of cosmos clientele  trading in their affliction/ed hardy's for allsaints. yuck.wicked spoon was what id been waiting and dying for.  sooooooo disssapointeddddd. bone marrow was steamed looking instead of roasted (gag). mac n cheez was good. thier ribs were nasty tasting and altho presentation was really nice on everything, they lacked TASTY FOOD.  i mean... i really dont know how to put it. they had good quality foods, but the chefs really missed the mark on flavor.COSMO = failure of all failureswill only go into cosmo 4 marquee.wynn/encore, please.
4	Why hello there Mr. Fancy hotel! So nice to see you in all your splendor. I really like the layout of this hotel. It's big without being overwhelming and super clean and posh throughout. The buffet is bomb (made to order mac and cheese--yes please)! Also the shops and bar area that runs along the middle are upscale and sparkly.
2	The City Center complex is owned by German's Deutsche Bank after the original developer lost it during the economic bust. As with all banks being run by incompetent idiots who are materialistic so are the operations of The Cosmopolitan Hotel and Casino of Las Vegas.The bars/lounges are SUPER cheesy, Chandelier is obnoxious along with Bond and Vesper bars being a typical hotel lobby bar. I think their main target clientele are gold diggers and the wannabe princesses.The customer service SUCKS ass. I've been told to wait in an imaginary line by myself while a worker at the counter just stands against the wall when I try to sign up for a rewards playing card aka. Identity card. The bonus $10 free play feature only works on 20% of the slot machines because they are cheapskates.One of the ticket machine ate my remaining change when I tried to redeem it. I flagged down a girl that worked the casino floor and told her what happened. It seemed that she couldn't be bothered with dealing with other people's money. The girl gave shitty attitude and constantly rolled her eyes along with hiding her smirks. With Vegas being a shitty city due to a bad economy, I'm surprised the German Deutsches would hire such a skanky bimbo who feels as if she's all high and mighty. So this brunette bimbo with the attitude could NOT resolve anything had to get her supervisor. The supervisor was cool he didn't even sweat the bimbo's pettiness. Also he was very knowledgeable and just mouthed off instructions to her on how to resolve the issue.The ONLY saving grace at Deutsche Cosmo Hotel was the buffet Wicked Spoon none else.+1 star: Wicked Spoon+1 star: Good for eye candy with TONS of skanky faux prostitutes walking the floor at night.-1 star: Experience with "entitled" brunette bimbo-1 star: Lousy service -- "Do I smell arrogance?"-1 star: SUPER cheesy overpriced lounges - Chandelier, Bond and Vesper
5	About $200/night on weeknights.But what a classy experience.  The room had beautiful decor, a hottub, walk-in shower, separate toilet room, and his and hers sinks.  The high-tech phone has a screen from which you can control the A/C, Music on the TV, call the front desk and order room service.The view was pleasing, a TV in the 'living room/entryway area" as well as a seperate one in the bedroom.  Large closet, a leather trunk in the middle of the room to use as a table or seat.  The casino downstairs and the restaurants, bars and clubs were all superlative.  Marquee had a great DJ, $9 beers (20 oz Heineken tins).  The Chandelier is neat to see the giant glass displays although the lounge areas seem small.  The Chandelier is a nice place to people watch.The shopping stores were a joke compared to the high end joints next door at the mall to the east of Aria (Porsche, Gucci, Tiffany, LVouitton).  Skip the Cosmo stores or you will regret it.
5	Excellent hotel, great attention to detail, polite staff and helpful dealers. Sushi joint on the 3rd floor has an amazing vibe. Rooms on the North side with a view of the Bellagio water show are amazing.
2	Very Trendy hotel!!!  A friend was able to get me a free room for my birthday!   Thanks KJ!  :-)The check in process was LONG-even in VIP, however I guess I shouldn't complain because it was free...The room was cute and clean.   I enjoyed the views from the wraparound terrace.Room service was GREAT!!!  I asked the bartender at the vesper bar  to  Surprise me with a drink that was fruity yet would still give me a buzz, she hooked me up with a SAGE 75!!!   Let's just say I enjoyed it to the fullest!!!  Shopping in the hotel  left something to be desired.   I don't think I'll stay here again, however it was nice to experience it -  especially since it was free!  ;-)
4	The hotel is gorgeous, its new and clean and beautiful...the bad-check in took forever, we were there around 8am their time and they asked if we wanted to upgrade which we did but the jacuzzi tub jets didnt work??? so we called, they must have came while we were eating and still it didnt work so we called again, finally this time the guy came around 4ish while i was taking a nap and fixed it, I guess the jets were not aligned?? It would have been nice if they fixed the jacuzzi earlier....Also the check out was really bad too, we were standing in line again waiting forever and some girl in her ipod comes to the people BEHIND us and asked it they were checking out, uh weren't we in line 1st and should you not have asked us???Also there were no chairs at the pool, holy crowdednessApart from that I loved the Cosmo! Its a beautiful property on the strip right next to the Bellagio! The elevators are super fast and I loved how you can control the lights and climate from the TV! the pool was heated, and pretty cool pool area, very happening! The dealers were very friendly at the casino!I loved the terrace and sitting there looking at the strip was so nice! I would probably stay here again but hope they figure out the check in and out process soon!
1	This is without a doubt the worst run hotel in which I have ever stayed. Housekeeping is a joke. First day came back after being out all day. Room not cleaned at 10:30 pm. Come to find that someone from houskeepinh had put the do not disturb sign on the door, we didn't, so as not to clean the room. Never vaccumed the room in 4 days. Last night found that a housekeeping person had taken a smoke and TV break in our room and left ash and cigarette butts on the balcony. Management would do nothing. Resort manager said no words could suffice. 2 would have been nice.....you're comped. Security in the hotel was a joke. People were stealing the motorized elderly carts and were having races in the crowded walkways. People were hit. In the hot tub, couples were in fact coupling. Then one hotel lifeguard threw a female lifeguard over the head of other people in the hot tub. Again words failed the hotel manager.Overall, pretty place but dismal service. Would only recommend to drunk twenty year olds.
4	Me and my 2 guy friends stayed here for a night, Monday night for $175. We just got a standard room cuz it was all we needed and could afford. Room: It was very nice, clean, well-decorated. The bathroom had a shower door that can be seen from the bedroom also. You are able to control the room from the TV remote as well as the high-tech telephone.There was a balcony, but we could not find the door to access it.The hotel itself is very classy. Would I stay here again? Yes, when I can afford it [When I have a decent income or if I can get 9-14 other people to split a suite with me] I mean dam, $175+ for a room on a Monday night? You can get a nice suite at many other hotels for $100
4	Glitz and glam....I love this place because of the crystal and pink chandeliers, the big stilettos you can take pictures with, the cool amenities in the rooms (changing the temperature and lights from the touch of your tv remote, holla!), the swanky lounges, this lounge area with a public pool table, lovely decor and art, variety of eats (check out holsteins and the secret pizza place behind STK) and the super comfy beds.  Great hotel to stay in for my birthday, thanks mi amore! xoThe rooms are pricey during the weekend, though I don't know the exact number.  We stayed there sunday till tuesday and it was still over 200 bucks a night.  I hated the pool area (not the one in Marquee) because it was small  and cramped with not a lot of free seats.  The loungers around the pool were by reservation only, so not sure what the process is for that.  It's not even a real pool, one of those wading ones that go up to your ankles so basically it's bodies sitting in each other's water.  It was disappointing  to go there and have to turn back around because there were no seats.But overall, this has to be one of the nicest hotels of the strip.  I would've given them a 5 if the pool area didn't annoy me as much...
4	The rooms are aaaaaamazing!! We booked the one bedroom suite for my birthday weekend and the room are a little pricey, but it was definitely worth it. Our view was right over the bellagio water show, it was like front row tickets without all the rowdiness. Our room had two full bathrooms which came in handy with 4 girls. The annoying part was the kitchenette, it didn't come with any utensils or plates at all. We called in to get some brought up and it took more than an hour! It makes no sense, they should at least ask if you want the brought up during check out. The gadgets in the room are mostly touchscreen, and very new.** Be aware that your room key has your name on it, and you can only go up if you have a key to press the floor on the elevator*** So if your having people over, you will have to come downstairs to bring them up..lame.. The room was still awesome.
4	The Hotel alone gets a 5 star. The lobby with the changing displays, all of the crystals, the stainless, glass and chrome everything. Amazing place just to wander and look at everything!!Parking lot 5 stars again. For self park there are LED signs telling you how many open spots on each level, on top of that you have red and green lights to show open spots.Concierge service 4 stars. We used them to help us book a restaurant in the hotel for a party of 10. The lady that helped us was very nice and ended up doing a seating of 6 and 4 as they did not offer a seating of 10, but she did put a note to seat us tougher. When we arrived at the restaurant they knew of the reservation, but said there was no note, and that they can do a party of 10. I blame the computer systems more then the people in this case.Customer service was great. We had lost a room key and they have guys around the front desk just to help out for things like this. He asked us a few questions as we did not have a photo id, he requested the new keys, got them printed and we where on our way in just a couple of minutes. Check out 3 stars. Take a very very close look at your bill. We had been double charged for internet access, and we had mini bar charges. Everything got removed as we did not touch the mini bar, and we had paid for internet using a debit card and could show that we had paid for it already.  Front desk said that the internet thing was a new systems and they knew it had been an issue. Rooms are 3-5 stars depending on who you ask. I loved loved loved our room with a view of Beliago. We had a suite that had 2 bathrooms, a little kitchen area, living room, 2 TV's. While all of that was super cool there where a couple of odd things. There was only 1 phone, should of really been 2. One in the bedroom and another in the living room. Another things was the lights in the closet. The shut off automatically after about 10 min. That is nice to save power, but sucks when you want to go to sleep and you have light creeping out of the door jamb. Another couple in our party said the bath tub did not work very well, the motor for the jets ran, but nothing really happened. And another couple had an issue with water coming in from the ceiling in the bathroom. Maintenance said the upstairs bathtub was leaking or something, and basically said not to worry about it. For me the bed was just OK, bit soft and way too many pillows. I like a firm bed and firm pillows, but then again I was so tired from walking and drinking I did not really care.Overall I plan on staying here again, I usually stay off the strip and save some money, but the Cosmo just does it right and I am OK with spending the extra cash and really enjoying myself.
5	Absolutely stunning. If I can help it, I will never stay anywhere else again. The kitchenette, terrace, design details and finishes in our room were impeccable and accommodated the four of us comfortably. Every time we left the hotel, we ended up going back because everything straight up sucks compared to this place. The Vesper Bar in the lobby is amazing, the cocktails are well worth the $12 price tag. Book and Stage hosted Nick Waterhouse and the Tarots for free all three nights we were there and rocked the friggin' house. The Chandelier Bar is stunning. China Poblano is the best damn Mexican/Chinese fusion EVER EVER. I recommend the Barbacoa Tacos. And the Wicked Spoon buffet is unbelievable, the food is out of this world delicious. Yes a little pricey but its the hippest(hate the word but true) hotel in Vegas. There is no comparison, every other is just stuffy. Even the music they play through out is Indie and we knew every song. I heart you Cosmopolitan, I heart you.**The only downfall was the staff- besides the bartenders at Vesper and bottom floor of the Chandelier Bar-they can be a bit of a pain and a little rude. If the concierge, registration staff mind their tude's a bit more, the place is a 10.
5	Absolutely loved this hotel.  I've been fortunate to stay at many of the popular hotels in Vegas such as Bellagio, the Venetian, and Wynn, but I have to say that Cosmopolitan is my new favorite. The decor is chic and modern.  The location fantastic at mid-strip and the selection of shops, restaurants, and clubs top notch.   The fact that Wicked Spoon, one of the best new buffets, is located here is just icing on the cake. Of course, to achieve that coveted 5 stars, it's Cosmopolitan's attention to detail that sets it apart.  The rooms are technological marvels with more connections than some AV rooms.  All the lights are dimmable and controllable by the phone, wall switches and more.  Service is quick and just a click on the LCD phone screen or television away.  Valet check out is done by scanning your tickets and the car us ready in record times.Look for Secret Pizza and make sure to set your alarm clock via the phone to wake you with pleasant sounds, music, TV, and automatic lights.Despite how popular this place is (it was named one of the best new hotels for 2011), I found the service more friendly and less pretentious than I've experienced at several other top tier resorts in Vegas and that fits me fine.  Cosmopolitan accepts all credit cards, including American Express.
5	LA LA LOVE the Cosmopolitan. This hotel is one of the newer ones in Vegas and I love their decor. They have a very modern feel to it. The rooms are really nice and the beds are comfy. They have a full floor dedicated to all restaurants with everything from mexican to steak to asian to greek. I had the opportunity to try out Milo's Restaurant, STK, and Comme Ca. They are all fabulous. Milo's has a wonderful selection of fish on the menu if your a seafood person and STK is a great trendy steakhouse that's always fun for late night dinners. The casino is good, they have plenty of tables to go around and the location of Cosmo is great, your right in the middle of everything.
3	Excellent room with view of the Belagio fountains. Hotel itself was not fantastic. The restaurants were good, but the design is confusing and inconsistent. Make sure you get a room in the east tower facing the Bellagio.
1	Huge customer service failure.  I'm sitting in my room right now with no Internet connectivity, no working phone in the room, no tv, an unstocked minibar, a previous guest's trash in the drawers and cabinets, and have called the front desk 4 times asking for an audio cable to plug my iPad into the entertainment center.  When I went to the front desk asking for a status on the communications/entertainment issues, I was told guests were warned the day before.  That doesn't help because I checked in today to an unkept room. The front desk and operators (had to call on my cell phone) were not remotely helpful or sympathetic to the awful hotel experience I'm enduring.  I'm at the point where it's adversely affecting my valuable vacation time and cannot work due to the lack of connectivity. A little genuine sympathy or compensation for guests is the logical answer, but right now it seems like nobody in the hotel is getting it.
1	After waiting in line to check-in for 45 minutes, I made the long treck to my room only to find out the key doesn't work. I called the hotel to see what was going on, after holding for 5 minutes I was td security will be up in a couple minutes. I have now been waiting for 10 minutes. I wanted to give this place a chance but it is back to Wynn for me next time.
4	I really love the look of this hotel.  It makes you feel absolutely fabulous.We came here twice (once in the daytime and the other at night) and man, at night time, good luck trying to park here. After dealing with the traffic on the strip to get to the Cosmo, we get in the line to enter on the side of the hotel and we're told, nope parking is full, donezo, no valet, no self, NADA.I didn't get to see the rooms and pool so hopefully I can update this review one day with that info!
1	I would never stay at this hotel again. I was there for only one night, but it was a terrible stay. Besides my room being unclean (hairs in the sink), the technology in the room did not work. In fact, it was out throughout the hotel and was not fixed for more than 12 hours. The staff was unfriendly and when I checked out, the front desk person did not ask me how my stay was. I prompted her to ask me, and when I told her what happened, she shrugged her shoulders and said he would look into it - offering no incentives or any kind of follow-up communication with me. Really awful; stay elsewhere!
5	Gorgeous Property for the Curious Crowd!!! Not for your average " I wanna play penny slots and win big" type of tourist.
5	I go to Vegas 6 to 8 times a year. First time staying here. found out i get Marriott points here for some reason. this was by far my best Vegas experience in 20 plus years. i will only go here now.
5	My husband and I love the cosmopolitan.  They have AMAZING service.  Since he gambles there, we got hooked up pretty well last couple stays. I love the ambiance everywhere in the hotel.  I love how all the nice restaurants are all around each other with a lounge as well. and one last word: MARQUEE!!!!
4	My boyfriend and I stayed here for my birthday. I'm absolutely in love with this place. Beautiful structured and designed.I took one star off only because we did have to move once, it had a half empty beer bottle and fuji water sitting on the counter, we didn't wanna take a chance in case they missed anything else!I just can't wait to go back. ;)
5	The hottest hotel in Vegas! Everything is beautiful...The lobby, decor, people. If a hotel could be a model, the Cosmo would be on the cover of the top fashion magazine! So hip and chic...This is the place to see and be seen.The Chandelier Bar is Amazing! A beautiful chandelier encompasses several floors of the hotel and bar patrons can enjoy its wonderment. Drinks are pricey but ambience is worth it. I've also visited STK upstairs and Marquee Nightclub. Loved STK...Sat in the bar and ordered heavy appetizers that were recommended by fellow Yelpers. Loved the bread. The DJ there was playing old school 80s/90s music so we were eating and dancing in our seats. Very enjoyable experience. Marquee Nightclub is definitely a hot spot, especially on a Monday night. Money is a must! Bottle service is pricey, but being women, we lucked out when three separate parties asked us to join their table. Typical party fun in Sin City!Don't forget to stop by the Cosmopolitan Hotel while in Vegas...You won't be disappointed. I'll definitely be back soon.
1	To make a long story short:I stayed here for 3 nights. First 2 nights were fine, last night was the worst night i've ever spent in a hotel. There was some kind of frat party in the room next to mine and there was mayhem all night long. No human could sleep with that much noise. I felt like I was getting the torture where they don't let you sleep even though you are dead tired.I called the front desk 3 times. The first time, security came. The noise stopped for 5 minutes or so. The security told me "if they are still loud please call again and we will evict them." The 2nd and 3rd times that I called to complain nothing happened.When I left my room at 630am there were hundreds of cigarette butts on the ground (on a non-smoking floor), beer bottles everywhere and a couple of passed out clowns sleeping in front of my door that I had to step over to leave. Sidenote, the cigarette smoke was coming in my room all night and it was horrible.After breakfast I came back to my room to call the front desk again and let them know about the mess in the hall. I again expressed my frustration that nothing was done to silence the frat party. The woman was really nice on the phone and apologized and said that she would send up a complimentary breakfast and give me a credit. I waited for over an hour for my breakfast. It never came. I hope that I get my credit.Don't stay here if you value sleep and a responsive management.Clowns.
4	New and modern. Understated aesthetics. Balcony might be the best room feature. Interesting glass shower and tub view from the bedroom. Good size suite. No free internet.The casino itself is like any other vegas strip casino. Nothing stands out to set it apart from the rest.On weekends, even as a hotel guest, you'll have to pay cover to get into the Marquee club. You do stand in the hotel guest line and by-pass the general admission line.Paid average $300 per night.In general I hate vegas hotels making check out at 11am.
5	For my very first trip to Las Vegas (Halloween 2011) I wanted my stay to be the best it could be. After all, you always remember your first time anywhere. I am very, very glad I chose to stay at The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas. I had read numerous bad reviews of the Cosmo leading up to my stay but I can speak from my experience that I think a lot of them are unfounded. I had the time of my life in Vegas and a lot of it was due to the excellent service and the incredible accomodations I received at the Cosmo.First off, this place is sleek. Maybe the sleekest building let alone hotel that I have ever been inside. Everything is gorgeous, everything is mega modern and everything reeks of pure coolness. Everything from the 3-D animated wall art at the front desk checkin that are alone worth a visit inside the hotel; to the super modern rooms with terrace balconies that have amazing views of the Strip, the mountains and Las Vegas; to the super friendly and courteous front desk staff who go through great lengths to ensure your stay is top notch to the food. WOW. Seriously. Try the Wicked Spoon. I ate there five times during my stay there and cannot wait to go back. Also, if you can find it, the secret pizza kitchen is phenomenal. Where else can you get a slice of pizza and a beer for under $10 at 3am in the morning? I probably spent more time scarfing down that pizza than I did anything else.One of the biggest complaints I had read regarding the Cosmo was about the poor service of its housekeeping staff, but I must admit they were the best I've ever encountered. They quickly responded to when I had a concern or needed something. They were polite, friendly and respectful and always did a fantastic job of cleaning my room. They worked hard to ensure my stay was a pleasant one. I tipped them double simply because I had never received such great service before. They were awesome.My favorite hangout the entire week I was in town was the Chandalier Bar. For me, it was the only bar in all of Las Vegas that seemed to summarize everything that is great about the town; the glamour, the beauty and the sheer crazyness of it all. The Chandalier is a 3-level bar encased in a gigantic 3-story crystal chandalier. The 2nd level of the bar was my favorite as it's actually inside the chandalier itself. Very, very cool. I felt like a celebrity drinking a white russian at midnight there.I also loved the casino. I've never been a huge fan of casinos that are chaotic and hard to navigate so the Cosmo's casino was a nice change of pace for me. The limits weren't too bad, the cocktail waitresses were prompt and friendly and it's easy to find everything you want to play, and more importantly, easy to find your way out of the casino. Nothing aggravates me more than getting lost in a huge casino.I highly recommend the Cosmo. No hotel is perfect so don't read too much into any bad reviews you may see about this place. Having never been to Vegas before and having no expectations I can say with the utmost certainty that the Cosmo is an exquisite hotel and worth every penny. If you get the chance to visit I highly recommend it.
4	My reaction while walking through the Cosmopolitan:Ohhh look at that....Aww that's cool....Wow that's neat....I want that...LOVE IT.....I want that in my house....OMG....That's so me....I loved all the art work as well as those Art O Matic machines - (Art Vending Machines) Basically for $5.00 you get some form of art ranging from glass blown bobbie pins to blocks of cool pics. You pick a column and out comes a surprise..... Yup, pretty neat!!!My friend got some cute weirded out Cupie Dolls Art work.The hidden pizza place is good and I just get over all the cool stuff to see all cramed into here. On the floor where the pizza place is it's so chill with people playing pool and really just a calm atmosphere as compared to the crazy busy casino floor.The towering pillars of naked silhouette screens are just beyond awsome. I was told that the scenes change and of instead of naked silhouettes sometimes it's books and other stuff.I don't even feel like I really fully explored this hotel yet so I need to return and try eating at what I hear is a yummy buffet - Naked Spoon. Kudos to all the people that helped to decorate/design this place - Good Job!!!
4	This hotel is super swanky and gorgeous. I came here for a girls trip for a friend's birthday and we loved it. The suites are nice, the whole hotel is very modern and has nice little retro touches here and there. The food at the hotel was amazing. We chanced upon Jose Andres' chinese mexican food spot there (sorry, I am blanking on the name) but the food was all tapas style and amazing. The Henry was great as well for mid-afternoon snack and coffees and of course cocktails. The Wicked Spoon buffet was amazing (especially the dessert buffet)! We briefly visited the Sahra spa there as well which was nice. We only were there as a comp since the pool was closed at the time due to some problem with the heater. All in all, if I go back to Vegas again, I'm definitely staying here.
4	REVIEW ONLY FOR THE BAR...Wow! Awesome place to have a drink at...I was so impressed!Their drinks were tasty and affordable and the view of the glass chandeliers...breathtaking!  the only reason I don't give it 5 stars is because the bartender was kinda rude!I will keep going back....beauuutiful place!
5	Super chic, cute, sexy and comfy hotel, filled with so many either modern contemporary or vintage paintings, arts and books, the huge crystal chandelier is just amazing, very very beautiful. This hotel provides the right amount of wrong luxury experience in every way imaginable. This hotel is not so big, which I liked it a lot, the walking distance to places is not too bad, good for my feet. :) There are so many things to do in this hotel, we pretty much just hung out here on a Saturday, and it was packed with tipsy people everywhere after midnight! I guess a lot of people stayed at other hotels came to cosmopolitan to hang out. There are 3 bars in this hotel, Vesper at the main entrance, Bond at the Eastside tower entrance, Chandelier bar in the middle with 3 floors. Most of the signature restaurants are on third floor, Marquee nightclub main entrance is on second floor, and some shops as well. The second floor entrance leads to Strip, PH, Aria and The crystals. There are 2 towers in this hotel, westside tower is on the main entrance side, the floors are lower, some of the rooms are at Marquee nightclub level, which are not good on weekends, extremely loud, but they have Bellagio fountain view rooms, Eastside tower has higher floors, they have nice strip view rooms and suites. Valet pickups on both entrances are one floor lower. The taxi wait gets crazy on weekend nights, town cars available for $45, no wait and very luxury & clean.Front desk people were super friendly and helpful, they get out of their desks to greet hotel guests, and check us in. Our front desk guy gave us a lot of information on the choices of the view of our suite, we decided to go EastSide tower higher floor to have entire city center, strip and Vegas skyline views. We had a wraparound Terrace suite for 5 days, 1200 sf, 480 sf Private terrace with panoramic views of Vegas skyline, 3 majestic sliding glass doors lead to this private terrace. We could see pretty much all the hotels on the strip. Full kitchen, separate dining table, bar filled with refreshments. Snacks, sub zero wine cooler. Living area with a closet, washer, dryer, bathroom with shower, weight scale, couch, sofa, work desk and TV. Bedroom with super comfy king bed, couch, TV, bedroom drawer, closet with personal safe, slippers and bathrobes. Huge bathroom with oversized bathtub right behind the bed with an open space,  spacious shower, his & her sink, night light, weight scale, and luxury bathroom amenities.  This suite is beautiful, comfy and luxury, the bed and pillows are extremely comfy, perfect for a good night sleep after hard partying. Oversized bathtub to take a bubble bath every night before I went to bed. Alarm sounds so good, TV controller controls everything in bedroom and bathroom. The cutest thing is that they have some books to read, even an erotic book about sex positions in one of the night stands! How sexy is that! There are some beautiful paintings in the suite too. I liked our suite a lot, but the housekeeping service was so bad on our second day stay. We had to call 3 times to ask for house keeping service, finally someone came in and cleaned for us. After that, they did a good job on housekeeping, they provided more bathroom amenities and towels we asked, and lip balms too, cause it was sooo dry in Vegas ! of course we tipped good like usual. :) Luggage people did great jobs, it was hard work to carry my huge wedding dress and hang it in the closet nicely. Fitness center (6-9) is located on 14th floor west tower, 24 hour fitness center is located on 15th floor east tower, $15 per day for hotel guests. Very nice and clean. Hotel provides in room dining service, extensive food and drink menu, a small menu available all day. We ordered fries and chicken wings early in the morning, they were really good, but they charged almost 50% service fee, those cost $55. Overall our 5 days stay was pleasant, comfy and fun, this wraparound terrace suite is perfect for sexy n romantic weekend getaways, and they have free wifi, bring your iPad! :) One bad thing is the smoking, I smelled smokes in my hair and skin all the time:( minus that . Everything else was great. Rates were a bit high on that weekend because of the big fight  and we had wraparound terrace which is the second most expensive suite at Cosmopolitan, it was nearly $900 on Friday night and $800 on Saturday night. Much cheaper on weekdays, about half the weekend rates. If you decide to stay there, at least get an one bedroom premium view, it is really worth it. It gets even more expensive staying here, the dinings, bar tabs, nightclub, plus valet, luggage, housekeeping tips, so rememembr to get an identity card first,  you get points from what you spend at the Cosmopolitan hotel.Ps. Special thanks to valet ppl. Best hotel valet ever! They told us about the town car which provided great service for us too!
4	I had a great time at the Cosmopolitan!  It is trendy, youthful, and has a fun atmosphere.  The dealers are upbeat and happy; glad to see you and even happier to see you win.  The crowds are all young at heart regardless of age and are there to have fun! Never saw a single frown while I was there. Many Kudos to the Craps dealers, you guys were so much fun!
4	This place rocks!Was able to stay during Halloween weekend and it was super fun to people watch. You literally don't have to leave the hotel if you don't want to. They have everything you can think of to accommodate your stay.We were able to score a room in the west tower which had a balcony that had a wonderful view of the Bellagio hotel. We walk into our room and WOW what a great view. WOW the damn bathroom is huge. WOW the wall paper in the closet is nice. WOW the wall paper in the toilet room is SO cool! They have some very cool bars and lounges to hangout for some great cocktails. I enjoyed the chandelier bar which happen to be 4 flrs. So chic and very sexy. There is only so much I can say about this place...you have to see it for with your own eyes.
5	Posh & Comfy... what more can you ask for? Employees were extremely courteous... Loved our suite and stay..For sure going to stay here again!
2	Wow.  Did not think I'd be writing a bad review for this place, but I'm afraid I have to.Back in February, I was invited to stay in a 1200 sf wraparound terrace suite, but when I arrived, they told me they were out of them and I've have to settle for a smaller terrace suite.  However, I was verbally promised that a note would be put in my account for an upgrade the next time I stayed.  Seemed fine to me.  Since I wasn't paying for the room, I didn't really press the issue and the resolution was acceptable.Fast forward to today, an hour ago.  I had received another free terrace suite offer and called to set a reservation.  When I asked about confirming that an upgrade would be available, I was told that nothing confirmed over the phone unless I received a *written* upgrade promise.  Moreover, the reservations rep stated that she saw nothing in my account regarding the promised upgrade from my last stay.  So, I cancelled my reservation immediately.  Can't abide a lack of integrity.  I'm sending a separate email to the supposed supervisors, so I'll update this review if they resolve this issue.As far as the hotel and casino themselves, as others have mentioned, they are quite  beautiful, call it contemporary cosmopolitan style.  Lots of dark wood veneer and crystal.  It's really quite lovely, and I did enjoy my stay here back in February.They also try to cater to a high-end clientele.  On my last trip, as I played at a table, the pit boss came by and upped the minimum bet.  "Keeps the riff raff away," he said with a smirk.  Hey, mother-fracker, I *am* the riff raff!  And based on his definition, they would probably consider the majority of people reading this review to be the riff raff as well.The attitude is funny in light of the actual short, sordid history of this place.  If you know the history, you'll also know that beneath the beautiful facade it was acquired in foreclosure and is hemorrhaging money.  I don't know if that explains the surly attitudes, but for a property that's essentially broke and living off debt, they sure have a lot of noses in the air.For my money, I'm sticking with the Caesar's properties, Bellagio, or Aria.  They might not be as "hot" as Cosmopolitan is right now, but at least they treat their customers with respect.  And hopefully they'll be around longer.
4	I'll have a Cosmo in the Cosmo.  Yes, now I feel like Carrie from Sex in the City.I like modern so this place is not exactly my cup of tea but I can appreciate the look they have here.  It is very upscale and you feel glitzy just being in there.  I liked the slot machines here and the employees are awesome.  A great energy surrounds this joint.  I will be back!
5	we have stayed in the wrap around suite twice now and love it! the rooms were meant to be condos so the amenities are great for an apartment feel. we love "making a home" when we vacation and it's very easy to do so here. the views are great and in the wrap around you get plenty of angles to choose from. the beds are cozy, the bathroom is lush and the kitchen living area is a great place to entertain. we opened all the balcony doors and just have the best time roaming around the room. the rest of the hotel is modern and beautiful. as a girl i love the pink chandeliers and crystal touches, but they keep the rest of the decor modern enough for my boyfriend to handle. the bars here are my absolute favorite. the bond bar has this amazingly beautiful woman working it that we have seen both trips and she can make a mean cotton candy martini...if that's your thing! great payouts and comps, great staff, casino, rooms and restaurant. i almost hate to mention it, but the secret pizza shop hidden with in the cosmopolitain is seriously the best pizza i have ever had. now don't tell anyone i told you about it! haha
5	Went here for some drinks and to check this place out. I was so tired that night I think it was Saturday night and it was for sure packed at the Chandelier and the Club upstairs had a ridiculous line to get in. Good thing we came for drinks and found a little hidden bar lounge towards the back of the hotel with plenty of seating, reasonable prices, and a waitress ready to take our drinks no reservations needed hooray!! We walked around for a bit checked out the casino and it was just beautiful can't way to stay here with my pets! Hooray!
4	Awesome place. At Henrys.
5	As a Las Vegas local, this the only place on the strip that I actually go to on a regular basis.  The Cosmopolitan is full of great restaurants and great bars, you almost forget you are in a casino.  If you would like to gamble, the tables are all clean and there are all of the usual slot favorites.  Like I mentioned before, where this place really shines for me is in it's world class food offerings.  Even the buffet is wonderful.I have also been in a standard and upgraded guest room and they are very well appointed and chock full of technology for controlling the lighting, listening to music, or requesting any number of services from your TV.
5	Get your short, tight dresses and stilleto's ready girls and the more sparkly the better!  Please though, look in the mirror to make sure you should actually go out in public...That's the basic women's dress code for a night at The Cosmopolitan and when pulled off, definitely fits the vibe here.  Sleek, chic, sexy and young (majority of the crowd) help to describe this place.  Walking through the lobby and going up multiple escalators to Scarpetta for dinner is a high energy, dazzling experience, at least on this Saturday night.  There is eye catching art everywhere and Scarpetta alone is a reason to dine there although in reading other reviews, it's clear this is not a one hit wonder on the dining front.Would consider staying here next visit just based on the energy level alone!
5	We got a great deal on Jetsetter for this place (as you've probably noticed from my reviews, I'm a deal hunter and I'm yet to pay full price for anything over $200) for a suite that is normally $640 and up a night. We had a sitting area, a kitchen area, a bathroom with a shower and a jacuzzi, a big balcony and all on the 31st floor with a great view. We stayed for two nights, and it was one of the best places we've ever been in.The vibe is undeniable, the place is not sleazy- even in the gambling area. The chandelier bar is awesome, and the stores are really nice. The Wicked Spoon buffet might be a bit on the pricey side but it's some of the best food we've ever had. Just thinking about it makes me want to get on the plane and fly there just for the buffet. The staff was great all over the place, and I can't really find anything bad to say about The Cosmopolitan.
2	Pros: Really amazing to look at, awesome restaurants, younger crowd. Some of the best cocktails I've ever had. Definately the best brunch buffet in Vegas at the Wicked Spoon.Cons: THE STAFF. I put in all caps because they are just that bad. Wanted a romantic weekend in Vegas with my boyfriend, so I booked a suite with a king bed. When we got there, we were told there were no clean rooms with king beds. I said we would wait. The woman checking us in then replied in a very snotty, stuck up way "King bed is an option, its not guaranteed. All we have are rooms with two queens." I asked if I could pay the upgrade and get a 1 bedroom suite. She said there were none of those with king beds either. Aparently there were no available rooms in the entire 60 floor hotel with a king bed.Now, I don't know about you, but rooms with two queen beds remind me of family road trips, the least sexy thing I can think of. For what I paid for the room, I would think they could at least send a staff member to clean a room with a king bed for us. They did give us a $50 food credit, but in this hotel that won't even cover a good steak and a cocktail. I wouldn't have minded as much if I felt like the woman checking us in had tried even a little bit to accomodate me, but she was just terrible, acting like I was inconveniencing her.Also, if you expect the waitresses in the bars to serve you, you'd better be prepared to start flashing your cash, because they completely ignored us while there were 3 of them serving a party of 5 nearby, who must have been tipping large or something.Now I move onto the Marquis Nightclub - There was barf in the line that no one cleaned up throughout the entire hour we were waiting. Gross.The line made me excited for the club because there were a lot of glamorous young people waiting. However, when we got to the front, we saw we had been waiting because they kept letting in huge groups of fat, poorly dressed bald men. Seriously they were wearing sweatshirts and old loafers, not even attempting to dress up. Obvoiusly not rich or anything. Later we learned that there was some kind of video game convention in town that they were catering to, but still, on the main floor the ratio had to be at least 5 to 1 fat bald men to hot girls. The boombox was much better ratio wise, but not nearly as cool as the main room as far as decor. Moral of the story:1. If you want a sexy grown up king-bed room, don't count on one here.2. If you want the waitresses in the bars to serve you, start flashing your benjamins.3. If you want to go to a club that is not full of ugly fat men, make sure there is not a video game convention in town.
5	O_OWOW. Chic. Classy. Stunning. Glitz. Glamour. Upscale. Sexy. Do ya need more adjectives?!This hotel is by far the nicest new kid on the block. The Bellagio has a special place in my heart as does the Wynn, but I feel like this hotel is more for the younger crowd. Be DRESSED TO IMPRESS. Because you will stick out like a sore thumb if you don't! Everyone else (females) are in cute dresses, decked out in jewlery, high stilleto's with hair and makeup did... men are in their collar shirts, slacks, dress shoes, hair did too!... EYE CANDY - everywhere! Chandeliers hanging everywhere and it's just amazing to see... so FLASHY! HELL even the BATHROOM is NICE! Nice huge floor full of gaming options... shops... various dining options... pool... and Marquee (hella packed!!!)... Definitely a choice to stay at on my future Vegas trip... if the Bellagio or Wynn doesn't reel me back in lol...The crowd is youngER... (30's ish)... and everywhere you walk there are crowds of fine lookin people hanging out... I guess this is the newest hot spot on the strip! Kudos to you Cosmo! :)
4	I love the restaurants at the Cosmo, especially Comme Ca and Scarpetta.  The chandelier bar is the perfect place to get together with friends and enjoy some nice cocktails, although on the weekend it may be a bit hard to hear each other.  A great spot for locals on the weekdays to bar hop and enjoy great cocktails.
2	We went to the Cosmopolitan  just 4 weeks ago. Had a good time.Great 1 bdr suite, not cheap.The balconey is cool. The place is fun and new. My problem is that the IDENTITY CLUB  is basically worthless. Cannot use points on first stay. What the hell is that. These points are baloney worthless even after. 20000+ points gets you sh-t. Do not waste your time gambling there.We played a tremendous amount. But, NO COMPS, no host in sight, didn't even comp room! This place is the definition of a clip joint. I thought I'd try something new, used to go to Bellagio, now will stay at Wynn only.
5	Everything was perfect. I recommend the suites in the east tower that has the view of the Bellagio fountains!Only suggestions: They need to have coffee makers in the rooms, and add vending machines to each floor if not every 5 floors.
3	I stayed at the Cosmopolitan while I was in Vegas for the SEMA convention.  I was definitely impressed when I walked it.  It felt like a nightclub- dark, with crazy lighting, hip, and modern.  However, after a couple of days, it started to get old and overwhelming.  I'm the type of person who likes bright lighting and space (i.e. the Bellagio).  The fact that this hotel was built as a skinny, vertical building next to the Bellagio made the hallways appear very narrow.  Don't get me wrong, the hotel is nice, and the rooms were very futuristic (you can control the lighting of the room by pressing a simple button on the phone) with awesome views facing the Strip and Bellagio Fountains (which was gorgeous at night), but I wouldn't go back. Been there, done that.
4	Took Nicole to the Cosmopolitan Friday night at about 1 AM to see Chandelier.  This place is sooo cool!  Plenty of good restaurants, upbeat vibe, contemporary decor.  Walking down the stairs in  the middle of Chandelier is beautiful!  Only drawback - trying to get into the parking garage. Only one turn lane, and then there's all the bozos blocking traffic in the lane next to you trying to cut in. Seriously, took us almost 15 minutes just waiting to turn in. Doesn't seem like a long time writing about now, but it sure is long when you're waiting in traffic. Ah!  The things one suffers for such pleasure!
2	Nice decor. Not great service. Upon evening arrival we were told our booked, confirmed, prepaid room was not available. We were offered $100 in (overpriced) f&b compensation. Then, when we went to Holstein in the hotel to grab a bite that night,  they basically forgot us & we had to remind than to deliver our food order.Next day we had to check 3 times before finally moving to the room we had booked. This included front desk taking my cell phone number but never calling. We finally got our room by mid-afternoon.  We had to wait in line each time we checked too. I guess lines are a fact of life at the hotel. Each morning we had to wait in a line, after prepaying at the cashier, to be seated at the Wicked Spoon buffet. Food was good but it's a buffet!  Why the line?So not a great service experience from a purported high-end hotel.
5	Beautiful, appealing colors, textures, and glamorous all in one place.  The casino is full of excitement and a walk through leaves you feeling like you are a high roller even if your not.  Very contagious vibe in the air. The spiral stairs with the chandelier is way over the  top, I could sit and watch it for hours with the way the light hits, and the reflections it's so much bling!  Top of the stairs are shops and some restaurants but also places to sit and just hang out.  Nice touch.
3	Over all this hotel is beautiful, has so much potential.  We stayed 3 nights W-Sat.We were on the 26th floor east tower.  I was disappointed to know the Marquee nightclub is outside on the weekends and is open until 4:30 am.  We paid the most for that night and had to listen to the club music echo off the building. It sounded like the party was on our balcony.  I called down to the front desk, they did offer to move us but they didn't have a room free.  They did offer us ear plugs.  But we paid a lot of money for our room i should be able to go to sleep in a quiet room.  I called about something at least twice a day.  It shouldn't be this way for a 5 star hotel.  We have stayed at Aria and Bellagio twice.  I don't think I would return here.  Other than its pet friendly I would come back MAYBE with my dog.  It's a great place to hangout and party then go back to a clean quiet roomCustomer Service:  I would say they did the best they could do with the amount of complaints they receive.  They comp'd us for our troubles.  They clearly are coached on what to say, I  can only imagine the number of complaints they get.Room: When we checked in the room was filthy.  The ash tray on the balcony was still filled. Glasses looked like they were just whipped down with a towel and ever replaced.  There were light bulbs missing from the room, the remote for the tv had the batteries taken out, scale in the bathroom didn't work. (not that i want to weigh myself on vacation, but i expect things to work) We called daily about things not being cleaned in our room.  Every morning the maid would knock on the door at 9:00 am asking to clean the room. the sign was on the door but they insisted to clean the room now.  We eventually stopped answering the door.  The towels were never replaced.  Sometimes they were just left on the floor.  AND we left the maid a tip every day.    We returned one afternoon to find a cigarette butt on the floor EWWWW we don't smoke.  The Internet was not working, you shouldn't have to pay for wireless these days.  Its  15.00 a day.  The air jets in the tub would turn on randomly.Food: The wicked spoon was GREAT well worth the money.  Brunch they offer all you can drink bloody mary's and mimosa's with the purchase of a beverage.  Great deal.  The word on the street its one of the best buffets, people know it so you get a lot of outside traffic.  Expect to wait in line in peek hours.'Overall I think the hotel staff is very green, they need to revamp the house keeping staff and do something about the nightclub. The rooms are expensive on the weekend, people shouldn't have to deal with that.  Or warn people on the weekends that they can opt to a different room.
4	Pleased as punch!Stayed at the cosmo over the 11/11/11 weekend. Vegas was busy as all hell with the fight, weddings, this, that...blah blah. I anticipated waiting in line to check in and quite honestly I could have stood there for hours and stared at those damn pillars! AGHH...the falling leaves were MESMERIZING!!! Check in was so fast and the guy who checked us in was awesome.....definitely high five worthy. All was good and then we got to the room and it got even better! WHOAAA BUDDY! We stayed in a terrace suite that had a view of the Bellagio fountains. One, word...AMAZING! The room was pretty big and the bathroom was huge. The only thing I could complain about was all the high tech gadgets in the room. I wasn't going to be in the room a lot of why waste the time getting to know what they do?! The bed was super comfy and everything was nice and clean. I was a little hesitant after reading reviews on here about the noise coming from Marquee night club but we didn't hear a thing. The only thing I heard was noise coming from the club under the Eiffel Tower over at Paris. I didn't gamble at the Cosmopolitan, so I am no help with that..haha. I did notice the minimums for black jack were 25...ya....no thank you...I will hit up I.P for all my gambling needs. So ya, if you like pretty people, nice rooms and LOTS OF THINGS TO LOOK AT....stay at the Cosmopolitan, you will not be disappointed.
3	I was excited to go to the Cosmopolitan Hotel and I booked. Terrace Suite.  The suite was beautiful and overlooked the fountain at the Billagio Hotel.  I was very disappointed with the check in process as it took them 4-5 hours to get you in your room.  The gaming is really bad there and the clientele is a younger group on the weekends.  What was disgusting to me was seei g all the young hoochie mamas dressed like street walkers and throwing up all over the place because they drank too much.  I liked the hotel but don't think I will go back again.
3	Very nice decor and ambiance.  If you are just walking through to gamble, be aware that the doors you walk in are the doors you exit.  I made the mistake of walking the whole of the casino and trying to get out the other side, just to be told that I had to walk all the way back to the front of the building to get out.  I believe it was about 50-60 miles, or there abouts.
2	Where should I begin? My husband and I booked a trip to Vegas and decided to stay here since it was new, fun and had great pricing. What a mistake...We checked in on Friday and were told that our room wasn't ready. I asked for a quiet room on a high floor and they said they would call us when it was ready. We waited in a long line to have our bags held then went for a snack. The pizza at the hidden place was delicious. After walking around the hotel for awhile we finally got word that our room was ready. It was gorgeous, had a great view, etc.  We had to wait for about 30-45 minutes for our bags to be brought up as they wouldn't just leave them in the room. At this time we also discovered one of the tv's wasn't working so we had to wait longer for someone to come up and reboot it. We had dinner at the Wicked Spoon that night. The wait times were atrocious.... Close to 30 minutes just to pay and an additional 60 minutes to be seated!!! Food was great though. We traveled all day and wanted to get an early night's sleep so we got into bed around 10:30. At this point our walls starts vibrating from the club... Quiet room it was not! I called to complain and after being told they couldn't move me I told them that we were going to check out ASAP. Finally they listened and switched us to an actual quiet room, however, the person I was speaking to thought he was speaking to his coworker and started talking bad about me without realizing I was the customer and not his coworker. They said that they'd credit us $100 for our troubles. We finally got settled into room 2 and got a good night's sleep. On Saturday AM we went to the buffet again - same horrific lines, but fabulous food. We were told that we would get a call when our next new room was ready... At 5 pm I called to check and was told that new keys would be brought up shortly. After waiting for over an hour and a half, it ended with my husband going downstairs and getting in a fight with the front desk due to waiting in line for 20+ minutes without being helped even though he was the first person waiting in line. So finally we got into our next new room and it was missing the following - Kleenex, a second remote and a working light above the shower. At this point we decided not even to complain or ask as we knew it would just be a waste of time. One thing we did have though was bobby pins on the floor (not mine). Gross!  We ate at both Holstein's and Milo's that day and loved both!Now onto the kicker... My husband made a bet on the Monday night football game. We got back to the hotel at 10:03 pm and the sports book on the 2nd floor said that they were closed for the night and to go downstairs to cash it. We did and they were closed too with a sign saying they open at 8:30 am.  At 8:45 this morning he went to cash his bet on the 2nd floor as we were leaving for the airport soon thereafter and they said they were in the midst of a "surprise audit." They sent him on a chase throughout the hotel for 45 minutes including a stop at the Casino Cashier and couldn't get his bet cashed as we were going to miss our flight. When he went back to the 2nd floor he was then told the "computers were down." It's one thing if you make a bet for the future and know you'll have to mail it in. It's another when you're there and ready to cash it and they're too inept to do so. Also when checking out they had no record of the $100 credit offered to me and tried to make it MY problem by questioning who I spoke to, etc. While we loved the vibe, buffet, restaurants and shopping in this hotel, we will never return. There is zero management, the customer service sucks and the housekeeping in pretty non-existant. If you want a 5 star hotel, don't stay here. Consider yourself warned....
5	Only wonderful things to report about my stay at the Cosmopolitan! Everything about the experience was top notch. We paid $140 for a Terrace One Bedroom on the Wednesday before Thanksgiving, which I thought was a phenomenal value. While we didn't get a view of the Bellagio fountain, the Vegas skyline isn't too shabby either. :-)The details are really what make this place shine. From the get-go, I was lulled by easy parking, beautiful murals in the parking garage, sleek elevator screens, and the most gorgeous lobbies you'll ever see. A good example of a small detail that makes a big difference was the fast and attentive check-in. Rather than stand behind the desk and wave you over-- totally expected & okay, but don't you always feel a little like sheep being herded?-- the attendants actually come over to where you're waiting in line and walk you back, welcome and chatty. They're genuinely friendly, wear these smart grey tailored suits, and set you on your way. Captures my whole stay!The layout of the room was just as well thought-out and delightful, from the funny/inspirational/kinky books laid out around the room, to the 'Hello'/'Goodbye' buttons by the door that turn on/off all the lights, to the TV where you can play music, explore amenities, and check out when your stay is done. The bathroom and the "Japanese soaking tub" in my room was gorgeous... have you ever sat in a gleaming tub with a drink in your hand, looking at Strip lights from the 58th floor? It'll happen here. Fluffy down comforter and pillows, delightful robes, plenty of space... I think there was a dishwasher? All the amenities except a coffee machine, but there's a Starbucks in every casino.I could go on, but I'd love for you to discover more details on your own. The hotel is stunning with a young, modern aesthetic that I found invigorating, especially after the excessive theming of most of the Vegas casino resorts. It's definitely high-end, but still feels welcoming. I would love to return, maybe order breakfast to have on the terrace, or check out the clubs and shops in the hotel. Great location in the heart of the Strip, a stone's throw away from the Bellagio, Caesars, the mall at Miracle Mile, and more.P.S. I would highly recommend 'Secret Pizza' on the third floor for your late-night cravings; delicious, greasy New York slices with just the right amount of exclusivity to keep all you Yelpers feeling special. :P
1	I only write reviews to warn people about problems because I feel that business's these days should not be able to get away with shady practices since we have all this technology to spread information.  I go to Vegas around 6 times/year and usually stay at the Encore and occasionally at Cosmo.  I read many many reviews on how Cosmo charges you incorrectly and then the hassle that must be dealt with afterwards.  I stayed at Cosmo well over a month ago and after I got back I realized my credit card was charged extra.  After much deliberating I emailed them about the issue and they quickly responded telling me my card was "erroneously" charged for the minibar and that it would be credited back.  Over a MONTH later and 3 e-mail exchanges, each one promising the amount will be credited back and I am still without the credit.  I read this EXACT problem in at least 2-3 other reviews (and I was just glancing) and now it happened to me.  Pretty shady for a "5-star" establishment.
3	My first stay at the Cosmo was just ok.  For being such a new hotel/casino I couldn't believe the amount of wear to our room.  I'm a huge fan of the eye candy that the Cosmo has to offer...but once you pass the lobby into the elevators it's just another hotel.  I'm not trilled that I have to walk to the back of the property to get to my room from the strip.  Our room was nice but there were little things that didn't make it any better.  For example there are A LOT of marks throughout the room.  The cleaning staff never gave us more shampoo/conditioner for a 3 night trip.  My biggest complaint is the amount of noise I can hear from my room.  You can hear the music from the Marque at night and the emergency vehicles from the street.  It seems like all the noise is trapped on W. Harmon by the surrounding buildings. Next time I'll ask for a room that faces the bellagio.
1	I spent the Thanksgiving holidays over there with my husband and my parents. We had two guest rooms. I do not understand why this hotel has 5 stars or why it get good reviews!1. There was no coffee maker, or refrigerator or microwave in the rooms, so people had to ask for coffee with rooms service and it was ridiculously expensive. You would not expect that from a 5 star hotel which is already so expensive.2. All the pools were closed. Their excuse was the weather, but the weather was good and other hotels had their pools open.3. Our rooms had not been properly cleaned. I read that in other reviews before I booked that hotel, but I thought it was bad luck. Well it's not! Staff and room service just suck.4. The rooms were just plain. There was nothing special or interesting about them, and they don't have standard guest rooms with king beds!!5. Nothing is included. You have to pay for the Internet, spa, and the gym all separately. I think we paid over $60/day/room just for all these things. THEY SAY WIFI IS FREE, BUT IT IS NOT.so my suggestion is just stay away from the Cosmopolitan. It's not worth the money you pay.
5	I've been to cosmo and its clubs a few times this year but actually stayed here for the first time a few weeks ago!It's VERY pretty and VERY extravagant.  i don't think any expenses were spared in making the cosmopolitan and you tell. the lobby area has really cool flat screen digital things that change wall paper and tons of mirrors to keep you entertained when waiting to check in (which took forever). i don't gamble but i think the casino area is really big because it takes forever to walk from the east to west side elevators! rooms are nice too! contemporary furniture, lots of mirrors, and pretty big bathrooms. if you want a view of the bellagio fountains, you wanna request the east tower but the west tower is closer to valet and lobby. if you are coming with a group, you DEF need to request the same tower because it's SUPER confusing to go from tower to tower!lots of places to eat and grab snacks at cosmo too! marquee day and nightclub get it's own review but very convenient how "one of the hottest clubs" in vegas is right downstairs :)great location, gorgeous property and really enjoyed my stay.
5	Gorgeous casino with interesting artwork and glamorous shops.  I come here for the wicked spoon buffet, marquee (the hottest club in vegas), and holsteins.  The walk to the buffet is always fun, and make sure you take the time to see what "hidden" spots that yelp can direct you to.
5	Best hotel in Vegas.  I've been to Vegas at least 25x and never had such a great time.  We got an upgrade which made a huge difference.  Flo, front desk, was a big help.   Restaurants are pricey but good.  We Will go back.
1	Cosmopolitain it is NOT.  We checked into a one bedroom suite for 3 nights, and upon check-in, we knew something was off kilter with the service.  It was very clear the girl at the desk has never worked in a hotel before ("you're staying for 4 nights right?  What?  Oh, only 3 nights?  Oh.  Ok.  Whatever."), but we got to our room which was actually quite nice.  By 10pm and after a long day of traveling and sight seeing, we were looking forward to a good night's sleep.  WRONG.  We walked into our room and everything was vibrating.  There was a pool party going on at Marquis, a nightclub inside the hotel, and there was thumping house music blaring SO loud, everything in the bedroom was vibrating.  We looked out the balcony and sure enough, from the 29th floor, we could hear EVERYTHING.  We looked into the hotel book and it said that weekend pool parties end at 11pm, and we thought we'd be safe.  By 11h30pm, it was louder.  I kept my composure and called the concierge desk and they said "Oh it's going to go till 4am tonight and tomorrow night".  When I asked what they can do about this, they offered ear plugs.  Just so everyone knows, when music is THAT loud, ear plugs don't do anything.  When I asked to speak to the general manager to switch to a quieter room, he said "the hotel is fully booked, so we can't switch your room".  This was TOTAL BS, as Vegas hotels do NOT fill up easily, and when I went online to book a sample room for that night, there was plenty of availability in the hotel.  I told him he could give us a cheaper room, that a DOWNGRADE as long as it's QUIET, was totally ok with us.  With many phone calls back and forth with all levels of management, they were extremely abrupt and all responded with "You're only getting earplugs".  This was totally unacceptable.  We called our credit card company and thankfully, they re-booked us at another hotel for that night.  There are good reasons why locals hate this hotel.  Between the bad service, the noise, and the hoardes of fist-pumping 20-somethings falling over drunk in the lobby and casino every night, the only extravagance in this hotel is tackiness.  If you like good service and soundproof rooms, which any other hotel of this price range will offer, DO NOT STAY HERE.
2	Love the hotel and the restaurants (especially DOCG(?)).  But be ready to be robbed by the maids if you go there.  Our do not disturb signs were missing (went there with my friends who shared an adjoining suite), when we went to the spa, everyone left their purses and wallets.  Came back and all of the cash from everyone's wallets were missing along with the slot machine ticket that was sitting on the table.  The management was very blase about it and we are dealing with security now.  I will post an update.
4	The name of this hotel has a positive nostalgia for me.  It makes me think of a club I used to hang out at when I lived in Atlanta and of course one of my go-to drinks (before dirty martinis became more appealing to my taste buds).  I remember hearing about this Cosmopolitan before it's grand opening just about a year ago, and of course I read the rave reviews that came before mine, so I was super excited when my husband told me we were heading to Vegas for a friend's shotgun wedding and we were staying at the Cosmopolitan.  Stayed there, we did... and we also dined at almost all of the restaurants inside this hotel, used the fitness facility and the spa.The hotel is as glitzy and glamorous as you'd imagine.  It is modern and sleek, yet comfortable.  The rooms are spacious and include a sitting area, desk, kitchen, large bathroom, patio (at least our room did), closet, and fluffy(comfortable) bed.  The view from our room overlooked the fountains at the Bellagio.  We also had a refrigerator and honor bar.  The bathroom amenities were quality, but despite being one of the nicest hotel rooms I've stayed at, there were two minor drawbacks: 1- our room was missing a hairdryer (probably an oversight and I am sure if I called to mention it, they would've replaced it), and 2 - the toilet paper was cheap.  Again, these are very minor but worth mentioning!As I said above, we dined at many of the restaurants located inside the hotel.  My favorites were: Blue Ribbon Sushi, China Poblano (I never would've combined Chinese and Mexican, but it works!), and Jaleo (don't miss their incredible acetunas aka olives).  Oh, and if you're into buffets, don't miss Wicked Spoon.But even more fabulous than the food, was the Sahra Spa... I had an incredible massage here.  I didn't get to spend as much time as I would've liked, but that just means I'll have to return again.  Spa day, anyone?One other fun fact for those that are interested in shopping rather than gambling: The Cosmopolitan is located just a short walk over a bridge from not one, but two major shopping destinations.Bottom line: while this wasn't a crazy Vegas trip (it's different when you go to Vegas with your husband than when you go for a bachelorette party with a bunch of single girls), it was a fun get-away, and I'd definitely stay at the Cosmopolitan again!  I have to go back to check out the pool when it warms up again anyways, so I'll report back then!
5	Beautiful Hotel/Casino. Ambiance is great and customer service is superb.
5	This hotel is the most beautiful, modern hotel on the strip. The lobby is just gorgeous, and all the restaurants and shops are top quality. I had tapas, great burgers at the sports bar, and really awesome food. I heard only the best about the Wicked buffet, but sadly did not partake. You cannot beat its location by the Bellagio - so convenient. The rooms are fantastic - mini kitchen with microwave, mini fridge, and nice in-room amenities. Beds are huge and comfy, and there were two TVs in my room. The bathroom is beautiful - big huge tub with jets, wallpaper in bathroom makes you feel like you're tripping on acid, and a huge glass shower with good quality C.O. Bigelow shampoo/conditioner and awesome shower head. There's even a weighing scale...The casino is very snazzy, and all of the tables are in the $$$ range, so go to Casino Royale or downtown to the Western Casino if you're looking to make your money last a long time ($1 craps, baby!).Usually, there's internet in the hotel, but we happened to visit during a hotel-wide outage of phones, cable, and internet. Why did I still give a 5 star rating? Well, aside from being a generally reasonable consumer, I GOT MY $200 ROOM COMPED FOR THE WHOLE TIME. You can't beat that kind of service. I didn't have to twist arms or anything. Cosmo has the best service, and it's a breathtaking hotel.
5	Lots a hot Asian chicks there
4	This is a huge hotel, but manages to have a hipster/hi-tech feel.  The entrance is very stylish into a big lobby with swarms of people.
4	Very fine place, but had a few issues.  The design of The Cosmopolitan is fantastic, and the layout works well, very well situated in the center of the strip and I had a great view from my 56th floor terrace.  Overall it's certainly on the upper end of Vegas hotels.  I loved the Bond bar, very comfortable and great for people watching, and all of the lounges are very comfortable.  I didn't go to Marque, I'm not a "clubber" but I did see a lot of very attractive young ladies dressed in very provocative outfits standing in line for the club, so I'm sure it's a very class place.  Or they were all hookers.  Either way, good times.Having said that, there were a few things that just seemed odd about the hotel that didn't really bother me (I'm not high maintenance), but for what is supposed to be a high end hotel, it just seemed weird that:- the bedroom TV didn't work- there was a light out in the bathroom- one day housekeeping didn't make the bed- they didn't replenish the shampoo and soap bottles until we asked- the wallpaper in the bathroom was peeling off- the shower water didn't get very hot and cooled off very quicklyAgain, minor things, just seemed weird for such a high class place.  I'd probably overall give it 3.5 stars, and since we can't do half stars on Yelp (minus a star for you Yelp) I'd lean towards 3 stars, HOWEVER, I'll kick it up to 4 stars because....The Sahra spa is EXQUISITE.  It's absolutely fantastic, one of the best I've ever been to.  I had a facial and a Hamman body treatment and my therapist for the Hamman treatment, Dawn, was awesome.  Just a flawless facility, great jaccuzi, steam room, sauna, the Hamman room was great, a very relaxing and comfortable spa experience.  Plenty of space, never too crowded in the locker room or any of the areas. All in all a good experience at The Cosmopolitan, it's not up to the level of say, the Wynn/Encore or The Palazzo or Ceasar's, or The Bellagio, but a nice place.
4	I expected a little more in regards to customer service. I had booked the City Room with no terrace from a 3rd party website. It was supposed to come with a gift card not resort credit, well I didn't receive it at check in and called down to the front desk and they said they'd "take care of it, just come down to the small desk on the side when you come down to the lobby." I asked if I could come down anytime, and she told me yes. Well I went down around 11pm and they had told me that they don't take care of it and told me to come back when the Concierge's office was open. I went back the next day after lunch and they told me that the front desk is in charge of it. After having waited in a few lines and wasting my gambling time in line, I was pretty irritated. The casino manager came out to take care of things himself and resolved the issue and gave his sincerest apology, I accepted.The room's mini bar had things covered in a nice layer of dust which was just visually gross. The clock is pretty freeking cool! It controls the room lights and tv volume I think it was. I loved the peep show glass for the shower, hilarious how the blinds are controlled from outside the shower. I was basically able to stay inside Cosmo all day and night and not get bored. It's pretty much a small city. I got a good deal on the room again so I will be going again soon. This time I booked directly through the hotel.
2	Came in April just in time to enjoy the weather and balcony of their standard suite with the soaking tub in the window. Check in was interesting the boy told me he liked encore better which annoyed me because I've stayed at Wynn for years and wanted something cooler. The suite was cool and I was very impressed with the decor and balcony.  However...that's when the problems started.The atmosphere is great don't get me wrong, the bamboo pool was really nice the boulevard pool was just a different quality of people i dunno what was going on over there.room issues reported.-Bathroom door fell off -bathtub metal plug broken when arrived had to be replaced-drapes brokenwooden shudder wall/seperate  bathroom to bedroom were broken so the steam from bathtub made it into bedroom which was annoying.-minibar fridge is small and has everything packed into it, knocked one item over and was charged literally $100s and had to tell the story over and over to multiple managers and front desk staff to get the charges fixed. If you don't care about an occasional issue then stay here you'll have a good time either way.
4	Vegas baby! Lots of lights. The rooms are nice. The sportsbook is clean but real small. Restaurants are ok. I went for work I think if I paid for the rooms I might make this 3 stars but I would go back. So 4 it is. Not to big of a hotel for Vegas standards
5	My favorite hotel in Vegas.  Classy upscale place.  Great customer service all around and has the best electronic dance club in the country in my opinion.great restaurants, very pricey, but if you can afford it...I would recommend it.younger crowd as well which is a huge plus
5	Quick update to say, "Damn, this place just keeps getting better."Hot Mules at Vespers Bar (Moscow Mule but with pear-infused vodka and a few other variations). Employees throughout who are actually helpful,  mixologists who are gods, and wizards in the back who hand-craft every mix used in every drink.Add a playful vibe throughout (aka just the right amount of wrong) and you truly have the best place on Strip.PS. That chocolate terra cotta warrior dessert.....uh, my god.
2	I came to a realization during my stay here this past weekend: The Cosmopolitan is the modern equivalent of the Hard Rock Hotel when it first opened in the 90's.  Back then, that was the IT hotel.  Everybody wanted to stay, party, and be seen there.  These days, it's the Cosmopolitan where the "cooler than thou" people are staying.  And if you think or ever thought Ed Hardy and True Religion are great fashions for men, this is the right place for you as well.  But for a more old school Vegas experience, which I prefer, look elsewhere.During this stay, I encountered a new and unwelcome charge: Gone is the free wifi previously offered.  Also, at some point during my last evening there, my toilet evidently backed up.  Fortunately, I was out, but it made for an unpleasant return to the room.  On the plus side, the room was free and I was only slightly bothered by the bass that could be heard from the club below.  And they gave me money to play here and food credits, which are always nice.  Finally, the person checking me in was very friendly and complimented me on my glasses.  (Yeah, I'm scraping the bottom of the barrel for good things to say.)I'd hoped my stay here would change my mind on my previous negative opinion.  I'm sorry to report that didn't happen.  This place won't even be the top choice if they offer me another free room, as, quite frankly, I have a few top tier hotels to choose from already.  When I checked in, I was told they were near full occupancy, which is great to hear.  Means they won't miss me.
1	Let me start by saying we head down to Vegas from Seattle once or twice a year. I've stayed at Paris, MGM, TI, Monte Carlo, Marriott, Planet Hollywood, Mandalay Bay and the Flamingo. The Cosmopolitan was the worst experience I've ever had in Vegas. I will admit the Cosmo has awesome views. But the service is awful. I kept thinking it reminded me of a training center for hotel employees. No one really seemed to know what they were doing or how to answer the simplest questions. The club is out of control- we could hear it bumping all night from our room on the 56th floor. The casino is small and machines are blinky. All systems were down the first night we were there. Also, we were lucky enough to meet the rudest waitress in all of Las Vegas at the Chandelier Bar.  As an added bonus, wifi is $15 per hour per device. You can wander across the street to PH's Starbucks and use wifi for free. Really, Cosmo? You want us to leave? Lastly, the cleaning service was appalling. They left all the dirty glasses and never replenished toilet paper or toiletries. ???. I can say I've never experienced anything quite like this hotel adventure. Will NOT be back. No way.
4	Great hotel, amazing restaurants, spend some time in the Chandelier bar.  There are definitely layers of experiences at this resort....give time to explore.
3	Stayed from the 5th through the 8th of December for a conference. I go to Las Vegas a couple of times a year and was looking forward to staying here.  The trouble started with check in. My admin had double checked the account, etc, however, when we got there, I had to practially start from scratch. Whomever at the hotel was in charge of the conference, didn't do a very good job of doing the double checking that we asked them to do.Room was beautiful, but very dusty. Great amenities, though could not get either of the flat screens to work. Even the guy who came up couldn't  figure out what was wrong and said he would send up an engineer. I was out for the rest of the day, and the tv never did get fixed. One of my fellow conferencees discovered an old sock that wasn't his when he moved something and others never had their glassware changed out.  Check out was easy, though.Highlights...Wicked spoon Buffet is awesome. Good restaurants, though very pricey. Easy to get around in if you are in any way disabled..everything is close, including the conference area..GREAT VIEWS I won a bunch of moneyLowlights, poor attention to detail by housekeeping and the blaring music in the restaurants even at 6:45 am. I kept thinking that it was a new hotel and they haven't gotten the kinks out yet. Very much geared towards a younger crowd than a group made up of a board of directors!!
1	Wish I could give this place more stars, but I checked out this morning, got to the airport and realized I had left my watch in the room.   Called the front desk to have them grab it and they transferred me to... lost and found?  Not a good sign.  If I were still in the hotel, I would just go up to the room myself and put the watch back on.  If it wasn't there, it would be stolen, not lost.   In any case, after multiple attempts at getting someone to bother to go up to the room and being told (by Jim in security?) they were "really busy", they finally called me back several HOURS later to inform me that the watch was not in the room.  What a surprise.  FAIL.
5	By far the best hotel on the strip. The rooms are great. I stayed in a one bedroom suite with a view of the fountains. The view is definitely worth the extra money. It was amazing. We were able to see the fountains from our room, we didn't even have to go outside on the balcony. The room i stayed in came with a mini fridge, that was empty, so I was able to put my alcohol in there rather than having to put it in an ice bucket.  Another plus about this hotel is the customer service. The staff is amazing and the dealers at the tables are awesome! I love gambling here because the dealers are super talkative and always help me out on my basic strategy at the black jack tables. You honestly don't even need to leave the hotel. The gambling here is great, they have the hottest club in Vegas right, and some of the best restaurants. This hotel is definitely worth the extra money. The location is great - you can walk over to the city center or you can walk the other way towards the Bellagio and Caesars.
4	How interesting is this place.Posh is the word that I would use when walking in the doors off the strip. the lounges are lit in such sexy ways with lush fabrics and pillows all around. The set up of the floors is also cool. The casino on the main level, the stores on the 2nd and the restaurants on the top. Makes it easy to find what you are looking for.The chandelier on the ceiling is pretty top notch as well.Lit in such cool ways and it is massive! Engulfs the entire staircase!
5	Wow. and I'll say it again. Wow. I felt like such a grown-up staying at this hotel but I mean that in the best possible way. The Cosmo has it going on when it comes to great service and minding all the details! The casino located on the main floor is sprawling with a nice variety of games. They do make an effort to keep the riff raff out which is nice.  The 2nd floor has all the stores which are the typical hotel-boutiquey stores. There are very unique stores tho which was a nice change. The third floor is where all the restaurants are and if you are good at exploring, you'll find the Secret Pizza place! :) The Wicked Spoon buffet is one of the most amazing buffets I've ever been to. Now for the rooms. Our room was so posh and beautiful. Lush fabrics, super soft pillows, a fabulous sitting area, and jets in the bath tub. A-Maz-Ing! We had a beautiful view of the strip from our room and my favorite part was how quiet it was at night. It was a busy weekend in Vegas but you'd never know with the quality of the noise reducing walls and doors! The staff was so friendly and genuinely nice. Such a nice change from other Vegas hotels where the staff barely looks at you. They truly made you feel at home in the hotel and no request was too big. I can't wait to go back to the Cosmo. Hell, I'd move in if I could!
4	Almost got 5 stars from me! Just a few minor things though.  1.  Roomservice way expensive and not all that worth the price.  Not much on the menu to choose from that even looks good.  2.  Elevator keys are annoying.  3.  System malfunctions during my stay and the ATM machines and TVs in room were not working.Other than that the phones were neat.  Very high-tech.  Best view of Bellagio you will EVER see... and Marriott Rewards!!
3	Finally I get to write a review i honestly feel is not 5 stars.A group of about 10 friends stayed here over the weekend and The rooms were cold, the suites were awesome, thought not quite worth the price. The elevator keys were annoying since they could get you to any floor, almost pointless. The parking was free which was pretty awesome. Our tv was hit or miss for actually working, we had to call a maintenance man at one point. It took 2.5 hours for him to show up too....Anyways if you have an iphone just forget about it working. I mean its not even worth trying. All of us were texting each other and receiving various messages hours later. making a phone call was worthless so we resorted to land lines. If all you want is comfy beds and blinds that shut out the sunlight this is the place for you. everything else was hit and miss
5	This place is unique!The Cosmopolitian is recognized as part of the Autograph Collection with Marriott so I received an upgrade to a one bedroom, living room, wet bar, Japanese soaking tub and large walk in shower. Views from the outdoor balcony were incredible and overlooked the strip and water show at Bellagio. In addition I received complimentary brunch each morning at the Wicked Spoon and automatically received late check out of 2:00 pmThe room itself was tricked out electronically. I could control everything from my digital displayed phone - temperature of the room, set the alarm to wake up to TV or music and even control the lights. Super cool.I was pleasantly surprised how convenient it was to get to my room from valet and the same when picking up my car. Just scan your valet ticket downstairs and within minutes your car it brought out!  As for dinning I checked out the Wicked Spoon Brunch (great bloody Mary's) and dined at Estiatorio Milos for lunch. I was impressed with both restaurants. The Chandelier bar is also a great place hang out, people watch and enjoy a cigar. I'm not really a gambler but I set up my identity account and even made a little money at the slots - Yes!Service overall was friendly and attentive - even while checking out the gentleman at the front desk shook my hand before I departed.   I'm looking forward to staying here again in the future.
5	Where do I begin with how beautiful and shiny this hotel is?From the shuttle ride in, we approach COSMOPOLITAN, in big shiny letters, across the wall of the main entrance outside the hotel lobby. When we get out, we are approached by bellmen inquiring if we need help with our bags, we decline and continue in. Take a breath, we are inside The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas. OMG. Ever changing displays on the pillars of the hotel lobby. What a way to welcome guests such as ourselves. Checking in was a breeze. Barely a wait, could be because it was during off season, but it was fine by me. The deal I booked apparently came with $75. resort credit and by coincidence, we were offered the Eastside Tower upgrade for additional $25. a night. Yes please, I already knew what the Eastside was about. And it basically paid for itself with the resort credit. Wonderful. So far oh so good. Since the hotel lobby is in the very back of the hotel, we walked to the front or strip side to the Eastside Tower elevators. Pass The Chandelier bar and all that hanging string of shininess. Love the decor, stylish ceiling tiles, interesting artwork and upholstered elevator walls. Mirrors everywhere so you can check yourself and make sure you are looking just as good as this hotel. Secured access to the rooms as you need to insert your room key in order to push your floor button. 50 was our lucky number. We look at each other, know its the right moment. Wow. This is really happening. Door opens, he hears nothing but OMG, OMG, OMG as I walk through our terrace studio, admiring every inch of this place. Full length mirror adorned on the sliding bathroom door. Big jetted tub, perfect for my nightly bubble baths. Oh and its normal for the jets to turn on by itself after use. Huge shower for two or maybe four. My fav, dual vanity sinks. Comfy living area with interesting books on the table. Cool, the would be area rug is like a built in. Interesting wallpaper everywhere. Desk with leather drawers. Kitchenette with a freezer that actually works and a microwave. King size bed with down pillows and a cute storage chest in front of it. Closet with two luggage stands, no need to flip a coin. And censored so in case you leave the door open, the lights automatically turn off within a few minutes and back on if you move near it. Cute desk and mini chair, perfect for my purse and miscellaneous belongings. Flat screen TV's in the bed and living area, and you can control room settings from it too. And a touch screen phone. The main reason I was so excited, the balcony. Now I know people think, "why would anyone need a balcony if they're not gonna stay in the room for much of the day". Well, its just nice to have one. And if yours happens to face the Bellagio fountains and the rest of the strip, you will understand. Believe me, this was by far the best view from any hotel I've ever stayed at in Vegas. There is also a little sitting area and table, perfect for late night cocktails or early morning breakfast. If it wasn't so cold, we'd have eaten our room service breakfast on the balcony. Yes, there's that much space out there.Convenience. This hotel was just so convenient. If you do stay in the Eastside Tower, it is so conveniently located near the doors exiting onto the strip. Perfect for those long walks from the Wynn back to our home we called Cosmopolitan for 4 days. Food options everywhere. Do I need to say more? If you're not convinced that this is the place to stay, I don't know what more to say. This is my new favorite hotel on the strip and I can't wait to go back. I feel the same about you Cosmopolitan, I am me after all.
2	I stayed at the Cosmopolitan for the first time in September this year. During my stay, I took in a show, shopped, dined, used their beauty salon and gambled all at this hotel. These were pleasant experiences. With that said, I will never return to this hotel ever again. I would rather stay with Brace from "Gigolos" than spend another penny at this hotel. The reason for this is because their finances and customer service are the worst I have ever experienced. If you look at my other reviews you will see I am normally a reasonable person. I try to take things in stride but I think this hotel's customer "service" has broken me. I only write this review to warn people: 1 - Have $300 on your credit card available2 - Don't split or make any changes to the card, they can and will screw it up with no apologies3 - Upon check out, even if the lines are super long, wait and check out in person so you can have a physical copy and assurance you have been credited. I know I made some mistakes here but my overall frustration was with how terrible they handle their finances and the customer service is abysmal. All of my trust is lost with this place. I would have gladly referred my friends to this place if they hadn't been so awful after check-out.**Edited because this was long and whiney.***Double edit because Cosmopolitan FINALLY came through (not because of this review)
5	Absolutely impressed.First class service from check-in to check-out.  Their Wicked Spoon Buffet was GREAT and had lots of healthy to not-so-much healthy food, but the selection and quality was AMAZING.  Well worth every dollar spent.Rooms were nice, but not grand like at the Venetian.  Views were great!!  We were able to see the strip, and maybe next time we are here we will get a view of the water-show at the Bellagio.  Shopping options were amazing and fun.  Parking was convenient, safe, and really high-tech touches with the colors to tell you if a spot was open or not from a distance.  My vote:  GO COSMOPOLITAN!  AWESOME TIME.
5	Clearly I'm the type of person who likes shiny things.  Stuff that sparkles is a big plus too.  This tower has all that and more!On our way down The Strip my boyfriend and I decided to walk through here since it was raining.  I actually didn't even realize it was a casino because I hadn't received any offers to play here.  Well, it is a casino and the reason I wasn't notified is because it's independently owned and not part of the other clubs where I'm a member (i.e. M Life).That didn't last very long because I'm a member now.  They had some great offers to sign up including one where they gave you $100 after you lost $100 on slots.  Coincidentally, I had just won $100 next door at Aria... and no, I didn't lose it here. I decided to make the low risk choice of providing my email address for $10 in free play.It was a good decision because we ended up getting some decent play out of it. My only complaint (and I didn't even take a star off) was that the drink ladies never came by to offer beverages.  We weren't even in a drinking mood, but some water would have been lovely.  We even told the attendant who signed me up for their club that we wanted some water.  She said she'd send someone, but no one ever came.
3	I used to think this hotel was one of the best...but the service to the room either has downgrade since the last time i was here. First, its ridiculous to put somone through a $300 security deposit for 2 nights when you come to your room and furniture is already broken, the tv doesnt work, and the light in the bathroom (that took 2 hrs to come and fix after they were called). Besides that the room was nice the hotel itself.
4	Clean room.  Check.Comfortable bed.  Check.Sound proof room.  Check.These are the things I look for in a hotel and the Cosmopolitan passed all three.  We stayed only 1 night as we just wanted to get away.  The place has a sophisticated look with all the electronic upgrades.  The place lacks some of the features of the other high end hotels like a grand entrance or a huge gaming area but certainly doesn't need it.  The place doesn't even smell like smoke and neither did my clothes.  The staff here are very friendly from the valet to the room cleaning staff.  They provide slippers in your room which is a nice amenity.  The bathroom is odd in that the shower has a window to the bedroom, not the first time I've been in a hotel with this feature but is it really necessary?!
5	I haven't had the pleasure of staying here but I stop by to have a drink every time I'm in town. I prefer visiting the lounges rather than going to Marquee because their playlist is mostly techno and techno gives me a headache. This is easily one of the most beautiful hotels in Las Vegas. You gotta check it out!
4	Ahhh, my first LEGAL trip to Las Vegas. The Cosmopolitan was an eye-popping, friendly, technology-filled hotel littered with astonishing sights. I talked to MANY workers, all of whom were willing to answer my questions. I stayed here with some friends from Dec. 17-19 (Sat-Mon) using the Ellen Degeneres package (free two night stay for "two", $500 restaurant credit, $300 spa credit, $60 Marquee credit) I received a year earlier at one of her Christmas shows. The hotel staff had no trouble checking me in/out, as they seemed to know everything about the package. The hotel room was clean with nothing wrong with it (except for the tiny crack in one of the vanity mirrors). However, our air conditioning did seem to have a little malfunction as we would set it to 65 degrees F and it would change to 70 by itself. The pillows and the bed were extremely comfortable, and I loved the fact that I could adjust the lighting in the room using the television and telephone. No hidden fees, but be sure to leave the snacks alone because they're placed on a weighted tray.We also ate at D.O.C.G. and China Poblano - please refer to my reviews of these restaurants. I will most likely come back to this hotel in the future!!
4	I am impressed by the rooms! The best rooms on the strip. We got comp'd for a Terrace Studio, and amazing! It was actually like a little studio on the strip. It had a nice balcony, ours faced Aria and we could see the pool. The room was really nice, lots of decor, furniture, and it felt like a studio that someone owned. 2 flat screen in the room, long comfy couch, furniture on the balcony, bed was a king size, bathroom was really cool, the tub was also a hot tub. Instead of like other hotels who have a security guard at the entrance to the elevator, at Cosmo you had to put the keys in the elevator to actually even press the floor level. I find this more convenient then the security guard. I actually did feel like I was a baller bachelorette living on the strip! Amazing hotel!
5	this review is just for the casino, staff, and overall part of the cosmo.  ill update it when i stay here in a couple months to talk about the rooms, but for now lets talk about what i know therestaff:- probably some of the nicest and most helpful employees i have had the pleasure to deal with.  - the cocktail waitresses are really nice, come often, and bring your drinks fast which to me is a big plus, and the drinks aren't as watered down as at most other casinos.- the employees at the identity membership desk are also very helpful with questions and getting all your player card stuff settled- the people who are at the identity spin wheel are very cool and like joking around with you while you are spinning the wheel- buffet staff is really nice and keeps up with drinks/plates/anything you need- the nightclub staff is really cool.  we have only had 1 problem with the staff and that was a friends fault for walking into line with a bud light tall boy and then giving the bouncer crap for not letting us in so i don't really consider that part of the staff being hard ass or anything, just a friend being stupidcasino:- really nice and new with lot of options for machines.  tables seem to be a little lacking, but i don't really play tables all too often, or gamble all too often either, i just sit with my friends who do gamble so i can get free drinks- the casino overall smells pretty good (not like old cigarette) and you hardly smell cigarette as their  ventilation is really goodoverall, it is a really fun place to go into, and i am hoping after i stay here i can give the rooms and that experience a 5 star review
3	review is only for the Casino.tight, tight slots (heh heh).  i did the $100/$100 promo with Identity Club, lost my initial $100 in about 10 minutes, and played through most of the $100 free play before realizing that the return on the 20+ machines I played was very minimal.  Often-times you find one that will give you a nice little bonus every so often, but I never found one, here.  Rated the best Casino in Vegas?  Only for looks and vibe.  Not for gaming.
4	The Cosmopolitan looks so nice inside!I love the set up of the lobby. It reminds me of Inception when I look up at the ceiling and see all the mirrors up there.The casino is pretty nice. There's no strong smell of smoke compared to other casinos I've been to. The slot machines are not loose though! I wasted my money here.The staff is very accommodating though. One of the slot machines ate up our $5 bill and wouldn't return it, and one of the workers came over within a few minutes and gave us back a $5 bill right away.We stayed in the City Room, which has 2 queen-size beds. The bed was a bit too soft for my back. I actually woke up the next day with my back hurting a little, but it didn't bother me for the rest of the day.I find it hilarious how the shower has a window, so people hanging out in the bedroom area can see you shower if they want to. There's a curtain for you to pull down so no one can view, but the curtain is on the bedroom area side. The shower window is definitely something I wouldn't like having if I was living in this hotel with goofy/drunk friends I can't trust.I will return back to the Cosmopolitan during my next trip to Vegas to check out the club, food, and drinks!
1	The first 3 nights/days were great. Great room, nice casino. We were there in Mid Nov. Despite their website stating that they had one pool open in Nov., we discovered that all the pools were closed. But the big issue was their spa. IF YOU GO TO THEIR SPA, DO NOT TAKE ANY CASH, JEWELRY, OR VALUABLES! While I was getting a massage, someone got into my locked locker (pass code locker) and stole my Rolex watch and $1800 in cash! Yes, lesson learned, HOWEVER, guess what the hotel did for me?? NOTHING!!! Barely an apology. A security manager took he report. They then turned it over to their insurance company. I had to chase the insurance company down, and when I finally got them, of course they said the Hotel had no liability! So, I intend to spread the word through every message board and review site I can find. DO NOT USE THE SPA T THE COSMOPOLITAN, THEY HAVE A THEIF WORKING IN THE SPA WHO KOWS HOW TO GET INTO PASSCODE PROTECTED LOCKERS!
5	The Cosmo is a super modernized, luxurious hotel that I would definitely want to stay again at my next Vegas trip! * The City Room I stayed at was very spacious, I stayed there with 8 other girls and there probably was enough room for 10 more. Don't let the photos online fool you! It honestly was 10 times larger than I thought it would be* View is great! Depending on what floor you are staying on of course* At least 5 different large mirrors in these rooms which makes it very easy for people (especially girls) to get ready without hassle and crowding* The bathrooms are super nice, highly modernized, the doors are made with frosted glass and the shower room is very spacious with a glass door. Only con is that there is a large window right next to the shower and the curtains are outside so if people wanted they can just pull it up and see you naked!Besides the hotel rooms, the whole venue is gorgeous! The way it was built, and all the decorations and interior designing is very appealing and high tech. Loved it!!
5	My favorite place! Our room was a Terrace suite overlooking the Bellagio water show. This room is amazing. Lots of amenities. Two big flat screens, all down bed, refrig, microwave, even a dishwasher, living room; the list goes on! Our balcony view was beautiful. I sat out there and watched water show after water show and all of the crazy lined up traffic on the strip. You can see the top of all the hotels. Pretty cool.You have to try Wicked Spoon Buffet. I think, by far, it's the best one!! Literally, everything I tried was gourmet. Tasted like the chef made it just for me. And my favorites were the custom mac n cheese station and of course the Gelato!Customer service was great too. Every bartender was friendly, hotel registration, buffet staff, and players club. 5 stars all the way! I want to stay here every visit!!
5	Just got back from a beautiful stay at the Cosmoplitan Hotel...I have only dined there before at the STK steak house and really enjoy the atmosphere there... The Room was beautiful and service was top notch... I plan on booking there again next week for 4 days.. Well worth the money..
1	This place sucks and wouldn't come back even if all expenses were paid. Room was dirty upon arrival. Door latches missing. Tub plug was broken. Customer service was about as good as a burger king
5	Even though most fancy places make this jorts-wearing, beer-drinking girl slightly uncomfortable, The Cosmopolitan is one of my favorite places to grab a cocktail in Las Vegas. I've never gotten dressed up and really done a "night on the town" here, but it's still really fun for a quick trip inside.As many have mentioned, the casino itself is beautiful. Even a ride up and down the escalator is made more exciting with the chandeliers and excellent people watching. My personal favorite? The girls wearing short, sequined club attire who are yanking their hemlines down every few seconds and teeter-tottering around in clunky uncomfortable-looking platform pumps. Thanks, Forever21. I've eaten at two of the restaurants within the property, Milo's and D.O.C.G., both were excellent and not too terribly pricey, considering you're on prime Vegas property. Have experienced one of the bars, Vesper (I think?) and have even wandered up to the pool on the roof for a summertime concert. What I have not experienced yet (and probably won't anytime soon) is Marquee nightclub. As a 30-year-old who hasn't worn high heels in at least 6 months, I have to draw the line somewhere. Plus, me and Kim Kardashian don't have much in common; therefore, we shouldn't be hanging at the same places.If you're going to "do Vegas" and do it right, come to the Cosmo. It's everything the billboards and magazine ads claim it to be, and what most tourists come to Vegas to experience. Whether you're coming for a bachelor/bachelorette party, birthday celebration, or just want a unique getaway, this is the place!
1	If I can give NO STAR to Cosmo, I would.  We had horrible experiences with THE Cosmopolitan.   No matter how beautiful your decors are in the hotel, I don't sleep at the lobby or the bar area at night.  I rather you provide us with decent services instead. First strike, the toilet was full of shit stains when we arrived the room.  You don't have any excuses of given an uncleaned or unready room to your guess especially when you charge so much. Second strike, we were wakening by a loud "BANG" sound at 6:58 a.m..  I thought was earthquake, actually it was the cable box from the TV dropped and broke the table lamp.  We had to called the customer services right away to get the mess fix, and it took the technician about 40 minutes to arrive.  And another 10 extra minutes for the housekeeping department to clean up all the broken glasses.  For all the yelpers, don't you guys feel bad for me at this point, it is literally Vacation Nightmare."  Third strike, The same night of the Fallen Cable Box disaster, the Housekeeper never came by to fix our bed, change the towels, and make the room.  BTW, We tipped the Housekeeper whom cleaned the broken glasses from that morning.  It is HORRIBLE.  Called in to request them to get our bed fix, and we made a request to have them please come by after 5 p.m. because we were tired from the morning disaster and all the sightseeing, and the coordinator was agreed to send someone over around 5.  So, half an hour passed from the time I called, someone knocked on our door.  It was the housekeeper and we have to send them back.  I almost had a heart attack.  I have to talk to someone that understands about services and accommodations.  The manager got on the phone with me and explained that "the housekeepers get off at 5 pm and no one can provides us services after that time."  HOW come no one told me that when I make my first request.  And the manager explains" We didn't anticipate the back up."  WHF are you talking about, and Is it your first day as a manager for such a high end hotel?????? Never trust the housekeeping services from COSMOPOLITAN.  I rather stay at Wynn Encore, they are much better with services and everything else.  COSMO, you suck and you failed on us over and over again.  Will never recommend anyone stay at COSMO.
4	I'd say the best hotel in vegas atm. Hotel rooms are very clean and spacious. The rooms are very quiet and relaxing. You have either the East (White) or West tower. Get a room facing north and you'll get an awesome view of the Bellagio with the water fountains. If you have a gambling and depression problem.. I would advise not staying at this hotel. The open balconies is not a good spot to chill at if you do.
5	This place is sooooo nice. Trendy, hip, classy, stylish. A lot things here tend to sparkle.
5	The Cosmopolitan was our chic home-base for 4 days in Vegas and while it does have some kinks, the overall experience was more than fine. It's truly a catchall for a whole lot of awesome in a city that competes mercilessly for ... awesomeness.From the moment our taxi pulled into the hotel foyer and we saw the bright metallic letters spelling out "COSMOPOLITAN", we knew we were in for an experience. The check-in line was surprisingly long at 10 pm but it gave us time to appreciate the video walls which went from a seductive/erie nude bodies (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5LNZ67Yw9RD6nf4_UhXOjw?select=XR5hVPlUDaQpb9HnDzKkBw) to a quaint snow-falling-on pine-trees (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5LNZ67Yw9RD6nf4_UhXOjw?select=J_p8u3M3CCBk__xicevYrA) scene. Our room was amazing. We reserved a studio with terrace and got upgraded to a one bedroom (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5LNZ67Yw9RD6nf4_UhXOjw?select=AClkDbeYB9xOCSsDLF6JjA) and wow we got quite a bit of room. We had voyeuristic views of the strip from our terrace; directly across from Planet Hollywood and excellent views of Paris (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5LNZ67Yw9RD6nf4_UhXOjw?select=xlK08NLRS3gD7r59e-OENQ) and much else on the Strip. The bed was really comfortable and the soaking tub (with views of the strip of course) served as a nice getaway from Vegas before doing it all over again. (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5LNZ67Yw9RD6nf4_UhXOjw?select=Ltrv_BZDE-ec598EU6Hv6w)The casino is nice and never got too smokey. The drink ladies were also frequently on top of their game which was nice. While I lost money here, I still had a good time... which might have been a byproduct of the drink ladies being on top of their game.  Now on to the little kinks and they really are just minor. As great as the cosmopolitan is, it can get douchey quick. I think it's the influence of the Marquee nightclub. Seriously... prior to this trip, I thought "Snooki" was a Halloween costume, not a full-time look. And Express should probably open an outlet here because there was a lot of striped, big collar, action going on. Room service was average. Maybe it was the last day but food just didn't seem to taste good. I has an egg white fritatta and thought it was overdone - the chicken was overcooked and I had bits of the ends of asparagus that really should have been thrown out. The bloody Mary was good though. Again, minor kink because The Cosmopolitan offers up so many great dining options within its walls. For a different, non-themed (unless you consider Jersey Shore a theme), modern take on a Vegas getaway, The Cosmopolitan is a sophisticated alternative to the in-your-face experience found most everywhere on the strip.
5	Best hotel I've ever stayed in and probably ever will. From the shiny letters spelling out "Cosmopolitan" when you pull up, to the decorative TV screens covering the columns - everything is done right. I even love the smell of it when you walk in. Staying there lets you live the life you've always dreamed of for a few days, and allows you to forget that you live in a rundown apartment and ride a bike to work. If you are going to Vegas don't event consider staying anywhere else...trust me...you won't be disappointed.
3	Went here with a few friends in December so I can't review the pool.  We had a great time at this hotel and the scene is definitely similar to hard rock.  The rooms are superficially nice (they are made with cheap materials), the elevator was having issues, as well as several slots in the casino.  Seems like they still have some kinks to work out there.  Besides that, the pizza is awesome, there is a great coffee shop, and and several other good restaurants.  I would definitely recommend the hotel to young people looking to party but have a feeling this place will be destroyed in a few years.
2	This is the nice new hip place as everyone has said. Thought it was amazing upon first arriving- good location, high tech rooms, trendy, good restaurants, dealers are fun and engaging. The bad-- no late check-out. Really? After gambling a shitload all weekend I can't get an extra hour. So you get everyone to leave at the same time with only a couple elevators working!!!  Smart!  The elevators were a NIGHTMARE!!! People were slammed in and missing flights having to wait 45-60min. Bell desk, don't even think about it. Over 50 people in line, one or two people working. We walked to the Aria and had a bell hop come up to us within 30 seconds to check our bags... They had bell hops everywhere. Buffet was good, really not as great as everyone is making it out to be. Went for brunch and couldn't even get an omelet without waiting 30 minutes.  Again, understaffed.Overall- meh. Didn't hate it, didn't love it.  It's the new 'hot' spot to try out, that will change soon.  Probably go back to the Wynn/Encore or try Aria.
4	I didn't stay at the Cosmo but I dropped enough money to from the boutiques and casino. The Hotel is beautiful, the shopping is great (they have a Kidrobot store!) and I love that there's a secret pizza joint open until the wee hours. I agree with some of the previous reviews about the casino not being smokey and it actually always smelled great here for some reason. It's like there's a person who's sole job is walk around and spray fabulous cologne throughout the hotel. I am definitely planning on staying here the next time I'm in Vegas, the location is great (close to the Bellagio).
1	shady hidden fess ....
1	Spend your hard earn money else where in VegasCheck- in at 3pm for my large Warp around suite and 1 bed room connecting room. Was told no rooms were open for what i had rented!! ended up waiting for them to track down a room they could offer me till they could fix the problem. took them 5 hours to finally get a room ready for my group.  wasted lost time and money! while waiting i checked out the Secret pizza- so secret it shouldnt even be open! waited over an hour for a whole pizza! which wasnt great at all! disappointed again...pizza wasnt great at all! under cooked. staff not so friendly checked out early
1	The service here was SUB PAR! I fell for all the hype and was so excited to stay at the Cosmopolitan that I succumbed and paid the exorbitant rates over NYE weekend. My first impression of the hotel was great. The check-in processes was relatively easy and the girls which greeted us with bottles of water was a nice touch. I won some quick cash and headed up to the room with a smile on my face. We also got upgraded to a really high floor which was a really nice considering the view of the Bellagio fountains. However, after the initial excitement, all the tiny problems started to unravel. At first glance the room looked nice. But then... cigarette burns in the carpet, old gum on the floor, dirty pants in the closet?? Then we noticed that the glasses had white residue (picture old milk). I called concierge which put in a request to get them replaced, to haul away the pants, and we requested a roll away bed. Two hours later no show from house keeping. I called again, they tried to connect me with house keeping, and after being on hold for 7 min I hung up. I call concierge and they apologize that they didn't inform me two hours earlier that a roll away is not available for my room as it's a fire hazard. I ask them to at least come with new glasses and to remove the pants. 30 min later a guy shows up to take the pants... still no glasses. Finally (HOURS later) clean glasses arrive. Wow... I don't think you can encounter service this bad at a holiday inn. The next day I found out why the glasses are dirty... I witnessed the maid give the a quick rinse in the sink. Sanitary?!?! Additionally, outside of the amazing Marquee, the cool chandelier, there's really not all that much to the hotel. I'd rather stay at Wynn/ Encore or Aria.
1	Firs off I agree with all the negative things said about The Cosmo. Very disappointing .....HOUSEKEEPING STOLE FROM OUR ROOM ON NEW YEARS EVE. Took my friends entire wallet and money with it . We left the room for 4hrs and it was there before we left, came back to our room and it was gone. Only people who had access to our room was housekeeping who came in and made our bed.  Never thought such a so called "High end" Hotel would have staff like that .   I've stayed at many hotels in LV and this is not a favorite. It was new years so we made the best of it . BEWARE DO NOT LEAVE ANYTHING IN YOUR ROOM OF VALUE.
5	Hands down the best hotel experience I've ever had.  We spent a week here between Xmas and New Years and despite the busy week, the service was top notch all the time.  Our three visits to the front desk were all met with above and beyond level customer service.  My favorite was when we checked out at 7 am on New Years Day there was a stuporous drunk wandering around the lobby and leaning on our checkout agents desk.  Watching her manage him with courtesy and kindness was like watching Michelangelo at work!The lobby and public areas are drop dead gorgeous. After reading some reviews, we asked for a quiet room and were put on a ;high floor  in the West (Back) Tower.  The room was totally quiet and we were never bothered by music or crowd noise.  We slept with the balcony door open on New Years Eve and even that wasn't noisy.  Our room was amazing, with a sitting area, changing area and bedroom.  Also, the most amazing bathroom ever.  The huge tub with a picture window overlooking the strip was fun, also the enormous shower that peeked thru to the bedroom.  (Blinds provided for the shy).  In addition, we took plenty advantage of the balcony. Enjoyed the view of Bellagio Fountains and northwards down the strip, Eiffel Tower right across.  We could see 5 fireworks displays at midnight on NYE!We loved the bars, restaurants, shops and casino throughout the hotel.  Great, Great, Great Hotel.  We are already plotting our next trip!
5	Just had a great time here. Got upgraded for no fee to a mini-suite high up. Hotel is fresh and has everything you need, including a great parking garage just an elevator down from your room.
4	This will be a review of a recent stay in a City Room at the Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas. Our City Room unfortunately did not have a balcony... bummer. I will have to say that the balcony is probably the biggest plus of staying at Cosmo. The room itself was nice. The City Room is Cosmo's most basic room product and is about the size of a room at Aria. It has some cool tech features (ie. touch screen phone that controls lighting), but lacks a motorized window blind control system. Our City Room was located in the West Tower on floor 56. Staying on a high floor has a nice view, but be prepared to make many stops because the elevators serve a lot of floors. The West Tower rooms are further from the strip than the East Tower rooms, but are closer to the lobby and buffet. I still prefer staying in the East Tower (but I don't think they have City Rooms there.
4	another one of my favorite casinos to play at. Look for Jose!!! He's the best dealer, EVER!! =P I don't get to play here as much because a lot of clubbers from marquee gamble here, and they're usually drunk and don't know how to gamble so they piss me off.
4	The casino of the Cosmopolitan is nice and very hip. Due to it being the newest hotel in Vegas, it does draw in a fair amount of trendy people. This hotel is definitely a great place to stay at if you're looking to have a crazy, fun Vegas trip, there is a lot of that energy here.The pink chandeiers are just amazing. From the casino to the hotel lobby to the conference room there are unique art pieces everywhere.The artwork and unique things to see go on and on at the Cosmopoilitan. It almost gives you a feeling that are in an art museum instead of a casino. It's really too cool.Modern & clean decor, the rooms are contemporary, colorful and comfortable! The bachelorette's suite was very very nice! Can't beat Vegas hotels for sure! Great food, pool, spa amenities, and bars! Lots of walking to get where you wanna go.Fancy Fancy Fancy.
5	I've been to Vegas enough and stayed up and down and away from the strip.  This is the first Hotel I've actually stayed at and played at the whole time.  I venture off to the strip but always head back to Cosmo.  Party, Gamble, Drink and Eat.
5	I stayed here in early December, I was very impressed with this hotel!  This is definitely a very high end hotel.  The only other hotels I've ever stayed at on the strip before this were Luxor, and Excalibur.  It blew those out of the water.  I stayed in a studio room with a balcony, we had a nice view of city center from the 39th floor amazing!  All the bars in this hotel are great!  My personal favorite was vesper bar, it was a little more quiet then the rest and had great seating!  If you have never stayed at a hotel this nice before it takes a little getting used to having people waiting on you everywhere.  I was not used to having doors opened for me and my bags carried for me, everyone was really friendly though.  The only thing about that though was having the make sure I had money to tip people all the time.  I've noticed a lot of bad input on the house keeping, but I thought it was great my room was cleaned everyday and fresh towels and soap were always restocked.  If you have been to Vegas and stayed at some of the lower end hotels before I would recommend this hotel for sure.  Great service, beautiful surroundings, awesome rooms, you really can't go wrong with The Cosmopolitan!
5	Booked the Terrace Suite, 51st floor in the West Tower overlooking the Bellagio fountains.  Check-in was a breeze at 1 in the afternoon.  Hotel was clean and organized.  Room was comfy and awesome with great views day and night.  Loved the night life options within the hotel as well as the many restaurants.  Staff was always friendly and knowledgeable.  Will stay here again.
5	The nicest hotel I have ever seen. I have stayed at a lot of Vegas hotels and the cosmo has to be my fav. We had an EPIC view from room (see pictures section) and I just LOVED layout and style of the room!
4	I'm still thinking I didn't really see much of the hotel, but more of the shops in the Cosmopolitan.  Well, what we saw, we enjoyed, but I definitely want to go back and get a better look-see.  I love all the crystals, Swarovski and otherwise, decorated everywhere.  Really pretty.  By the time we arrived at this hotel, we really had to be somewhere else, hence, the reason for the quick and abbreviated walk-thru.  Next time !!
4	Now that I have stayed at a few places in Vegas, I can honestly say this is the best hotel on The Strip. The rooms are big, quiet, the beds are comfortable, the TV and lineup are great, and the bathroom can fit a family of 8. Sure, you'll pay for it, but it is well worth it. And when you venture downstairs, there is LOADS to do, including some of the best pizza/food you'll find in Vegas.
4	I was impressed from the moment I walked in. How refreshing to have someone come from around the counter to greet you upon check-in!!! And, check-in was FAST, especially for Vegas!The rooms are nice and quite hi-tech. Pretty cool to be able to turn off all lights from bed and to use the TV as an alarm. The place definitely has a NY feel to it, and I did find the sliding door that was for both the closet and the bathroom to be annoying, but I lived through it.Just great overall vibe to the place. I'd stay here again no problem.
4	We moving on up...to nice hotel stays!I'm not a girl that stays in hotels much, but Cosmo of LV was by far one of the best hotels I have reserved to date. The best thing about Cosmo was the Wicked Spoon buffet. Wow, what great food. I had Red Velvet pancakes, great brunch, and awesome desserts section. My boss had to go again before she left ti was just so good. My room was large. I was a bit disappointed to get a double when I reserved a single, but nevertheless, the stay was great. I slept well everyday. I loved the decor of the rooms, the cool bathroom with the see-thru view (hubba-hubba!). I liked the great toiletries (which I still have them). Improvements for the room would include free coffee, what a let down as a conference hotel. Speaking of conferencing, Cosmo had a great continental breakfast each day at conference. They was much to choice from with both hot and cold breakfast. The wait staff was also present and attentive. Cosmo also had great pens for conference.Another I loved doing within Cosmo was exploring the art. I loved art displayed that they had around the building. I wanted to make sure I say all of them. Speaking of great art, the one piece of art was the Chandelier Room; the prettiest place I have ever seen. You make me feel like a Barbie!Cosmo also had a great pool and food overall good at and surround the pool. Lastly, my boss loved the card service (for rewards), that she went back to Cosmo a few months later to vacation!Great hotel. If I had my pick in LV, I would stay in the Cosmo, hands down.
1	review for casino floor ONLY (haven't stayed here).  numerous issues:  1.  interior shape and size.  it feels squished.  oblong.   not comfortable  2.  style...think cheap wanna be cool.  think IKEA if someone in jersey owned it.  think opposite of Bellagio.  3.  signage:  i couldn't find anything...when all I wanted to do was to escape this mess of a place.  and having now read the horror stories of people who have stayed here, OMG...not good.
4	I adore this casino. The ambience of the place is amazing, and the chandeliers are gorgeous. They also have the best restaurants (like Scarpetta!), and I hear that the buffet is one of the best in Vegas. Definitely make it a stop in your trip if you're coming to Vegas or even if you're a local wanting to explore.
5	It's an experience to stay here.  It's a must try once in your life.  Superb customer service where the hotel clerk walked up to me and shook my hand like I was some high roller, the elevator that requires a key card instead of having a security guy stand in front of the elevator, the weather on the phone, TV that does everything including controlling the climate in the room, all the dimming lights, parking lot that lights up green when it's open, Japanese tub, the balcony chair, and on and on.It's a very futuristic hotel.  It's expensive, but it's a must try!
5	Stayed here on NYE 2012Nice big room, nice balcony view, very good decor and friendly staff.I got a West Tower South Facing View (wasn't the best but still nice for NYE) 45th floor with Balcony View of the Strip, I heard nothing from the club. Room was very nice, room included small fridge and micowave (no left over trash if anyone is wondering). When we requested for Towels, someone came in under an hour and she gave us a big bar of very nice salted chocolates.I enjoyed the touch screen phone which controlled the lights and music playing sirius radio through both TVs.Overall enjoyed the experience but everyone in my room who had AT&T phones, did not get any service. This made NYE a big headache and people kept getting lost and couldnt call anyone(my Sprint Iphone worked fine).
1	LADIES BEWARE..If you're an out of towner and want to die, stay here.  My gf and I stayed at the Cosmopolitan during a visit to LV for my bday and upgraded to a suite, with balcony, upon arrival.  The room was nicely decorated but dirty.  The bathroom had white stains all over the marbletopped counter and there was dust all over the paintings/fixtures in the room.  We cleaned the dust off with towels and used lysol wipes (yeah me for packing them!!) to disinfect the bathroom before getting ready to head out.  After returning to our room around 3am, we fell out but were awakened by someone banging on our room door.  Thinking some sort of emergency situation was going on, we jumped out of bed and ran to look out the keyhole to find a BEYOND DRUNK man going to town on the door.  We called the front desk and asked that he be removed, however 15 minutes went by, STILL NO SECURITY.  Afraid and exhausted, we tried to reason with the gentleman who now had his pinky finger in his mouth and seemed to be rubbing his lower body with his other hand.  He continued banging and then had the audacity to put his eye up to the peephole, trying to see into our room.  We called the front desk again and were told that security was not on site and that we simply had to wait.  There was nothing they were able or really going to do until the offsite security got there.  After what seemed like forever, the banging stopped and the man sat down in front of our door.  We ended up not being able to leave for a 8am excursion we purchased tickets for.  When we got to the front desk, we were connected to security who confirmed that they received the complaint and that the gentleman was removed in an indecent state from our front door.  When we asked what they meant by "indecent" they refused to go into detail and stated that their reasoning for not contacting us to let us know it were safe to leave the room was because they did not know how to reach us.  Umm..didn't you just say you removed him from in front of our room?! We called from the phone in our room, how were you not able to knock on the door, show your badge and let us know what was going on..wtf?!  We complained to the Manager who must have had a nice big delicious mug of BITCH for breakfast.  She basically told us she did not care since the situation was over and that it really was not any of our business as to what state the man was in when they found him.  We later filed a report with security and were told that the man - "Nick" was naked in front of our door and had to be restrained and removed from the floor.  He was not a guest..he was a trespasser and they had NO CLUE as to how he was able to gain access to the hotel, let alone get up to our floor without having a keycard for the elevator.  BE VERY CAREFUL LADIES.  The Cosmopolitan and their staff does not care about anything but getting your money, especially not your safety.  "Nick" and his naked behind could have raped and killed someone and they would have covered it up, I promise.
4	I really didn't know what to expect from this place.  Honestly, I thought their commercials were a little creepy and trying too hard.  So I was pleasantly surprised when I first visited the place and explored the different levels.  Ever since that first visit, the Cosmopolitan has kept me coming back for more.There's a different feel to this place compared to most hotel/casinos here. I feel like they were targeting my age group (the 20-30-somethings), a younger crowd than the usual Strip population. Whether or not it was on purpose, that is what the Cosmopolitan has become.The other thing I like about this place: I feel like I can just hang out there.  And I don't feel that way about any other place on the strip.  If I do make my way onto the Strip, it's for a reason (usually eating or shopping).  But the numerous bars always make me consider the Cosmopolitan as a weekend option.One more reason to love this place: Parking.  Their parking garages are pretty easy to access without having to spend too much time on Las Vegas Blvd. They've also made it easy to find a parking spot with red (occupied) and green (open) lights above each space. And I don't know if it's just my luck, but their valet parking is never full.  Even on a weekend or holiday.  These things are what make this local come back.
2	This is a beautiful property in a great location but the service level is below what I usually get at a Hampton Inn.  Long check in lines and very slow responses to requests.  We are in a wrap around suite with the "beck and call" button on the phone.  Called for hangers for clothing, only a few provided, then had to call again 2 hours later.  Called for an extra blanket, hour later asked the housekeeper for a blanket, then at 11:45 PM, aft converting bath robes into a blanket for my son, someone shows up with a blanket.  Called at 9:00 AM next day for something, called again at 5:00 PM to follow up and they had no record of my first request.  The suite has a washer and dryer, but no laundry soap.  Also has a kitchen, but no glasses or eating utensils provided.   An awesome property falling down on execution of the basics.An update, the manager made a personal call to apologize and the quality of housekeeping improved greatly after that.  I appreciate the effort very much.
5	My review is biased since I'm platinum =)I took out a suite here for the weekend, and I must say, I was rather impressed with everything. Room was definitely unique and there's just so much random crap in the room that it made me laugh. Fridge items are weight-sensored so be aware of that when checking out. Bed is surprisingly comfortable. If possible, try to stay in the west tower with a view of the Bellagio fountains...it's well worth it.Service was top notch. I was treated like royalty. It was a busy weekend, so some things did slip by and I had to call down to the front desk to make requests more than once on a couple occasions. Yes, they do charge for wifi, but there's a free access "community" password if you want to use it ;)For my Marriott platinum friends: free wifi, free roll away bed request, +500 Marriott points arrival gift
5	Having been here a handful of times for drinks, gambling, dining, and night life, I have to say that the Cosmo is seriously the epitome of Las Vegas dreamin'.From the gorgeous Chandelier that takes up several stories and the open spaces of each floor, home to the hottest club in Vegas that is also multi-level with varying music choices (House vs Rap/Hip Hop depending on what floor you are on), boutique & select shopping and endless dining options, this hotel will please and impress anyone.If you're looking to stay at the most hip and gorgeously glam hotel on the strip that will offer everything you need (clubbing, food, gambling, shopping - close to Crystals Mall), this is the place for you.Side Note- The rooms are nice and many offer a view of the Bellagio's water fountain show. However, the smallest suites are actually some of the smallest I've come across in Vegas.
5	Great great hotel. Nicest room! Plus they allow pets! Will be back soon
5	The best one word I would use to describe the Cosmopolitan is "glamorous".  The casino decorations are beautiful and make one feel like they are attending a high end party.
4	Las Vegas has always been "Sin City", but now a days, it's also known as the "Secret Getaway". With huge changes all over the place, one of the biggest was the completion of The Cosmopolitan. With millions of dollars invested in this hotel & casino, would the Cosmopolitan stand true as the naughtiest hotel on the Strip?As for now, I'll be focusing mainly on the casino. I'll write an update on the rooms and bars at a later time.DECO: 5 starsIt has to be said that if atmosphere was the sign of character, this place would be that super hot model making all the other hot models feel not so hot. Think a Megan Fox or a Tricia Helfer in a skin tight black dress with red trim around the dropping neckline. Now imagine her standing in a DMV line with the line of miserable people, and she's staring right at you, eyes locked and lips flushed. If you're getting turned on or hot & bothered, that's what the deco is at The Cosmopolitan. The place is like walking into a epicenter of fashion, liquor, and class. Boutiques line and hug the upper levels of the casino before you head down the escalator. The place is so plush that you'll see people taking pictures just on this level. You know why? Because from the second level, you'll notice the Cosmopolitan doesn't have just one chandelier, it has a whole population of them. Small ones, glass ones, monolithic ones, blue ones. The place is screaming with excess of class, and it strangely works. As gaudy as it might sound, it actually captures the eyes, and makes you anticipate what could be waiting downstairs.Well, if the upper level was impressive, just wait till you actually walk to the casino floor. The place is plush, and when I say plush, I mean imagine being scurried away by your loins to a room designed by high class prostitutes and unicorns. Yeah, that's one wrong-right combo. The place is decked out with subtle atmospheric lights, rich hues of sensational colors, and the staff is dressed to the nines. This is the Michael Kors of casinos, the House of Ninja, the Sam Rockwell of style. This might be the first hotel & casino you step in where you'll feel under dressed if you're not dressed to impress. So make sure you impress. When you're here, you feel like somebody, and that's very hard to pull off for any casino.PLAYER'S CARD: 4 starsThe Player's Club they have here is called "Identity", and I have to say it raises the bar for what player's clubs should be. The moment you enroll, you get free slot play like most casinos. The difference though is what comes after. When they email you to welcome you to your membership, they offer free incentives. Mine was a free year's subscription to Zagat. Also, they have some of the greatest incentives to come back and play. Just a little while ago they offered to pay you back up to $100 in slot money if you lost that much playing with your own money. So essentially, you get another $100 to lose. Free money = best money.CASINO: 3 starsWith all this luxury oozing out, you have to think the casino is decadent too, right? Unfortunately, this is where they drop the ball. Maybe because the Cosmopolitan was aiming to keep that atmosphere of suave and classy, with bars throughout the floor, but the casino part of the hotel was quite small. It was probably one half the size of a casino floor like Bellagio's. On top of that, the games are all quite pricey. That standard would fit for such a bourgeois casino, but for those who are tighter on the wallet, this place will take your money quick. It's not necessarily a bad thing, since it fits the theme of the casino, it just might deject some from playing here.CONCLUSIONFor most people, we all want to walk into our high school reunion, and have all eyes looking at us with envy because we're such hot stuff. The Cosmopolitan is just that in Las Vegas. As one of the new kids on the block, the Cosmopolitan sets high standards for what a decadent Las Vegas experience should be. From the stylish and sexy faces every where you look to the personal experience the staff presents, the Cosmopolitan will no doubt rise as the "Secret Getaways" most taboo, and succulent, place to visit.
5	Take a step into the future. Take a breathe of avant garde. Dream with lights and sweet delights. This place is amazing. It's what I imagine all Vegas hotel/casinos should be like. HIP and HOP with super trendy deco. Love love love their chandelier bar. It's a great place to take pictures! This was also my favorite place to park the car and go walk around the strip. The parking structure is super hi-tech. They have LED lights on top of every spot that senses cars. Red for taken and Green for free. So all you got to do is look up for a green light. Genius!! It's also freaking hot in this structure. Nice in the winter but torture in the summer. This
5	Classy place from top to bottomGot free night at this hotel due to my Marriott Rewards points and decided to use it before it expires.  It costs 70,000 points for one night and i have to pay for the differential, which came out to be $250 for the whole stay, still not bad.Arrived into the Valet and they quickly took my car and helped me unload with Bell Hops.  The line to check in was kind of a wait, but what Hotel isn't on Vegas on a Friday Night?  The check-in staff here is pretty awesome, they walk up to you and shake your hand?  Pretty class stuff.  The guy was personable and gave some good tips on how to make the most of my Vegas trip, and he upgraded us to a better section of the hotel away from the noise.  I tipped the guy for his service.Got to the One Bedroom suite on the 31st floor overlooking the pool and Aria, it was awesome to say the least, very upscale and sparkling new.  Dumped our jackets and was literally about to walk out the door when the Bell hop knocks with our luggages, they were johnnies on the spot with it.  Usually Bell Hops take a minimum of 30 minutes to get your luggages to your room, scored another point.It was around 11pm and we were starving, hence the rush from our room.  The Bell Hop recommended Holsteins, a chic Burger joint downstairs and we thought we'd give it a try.  The Burgers were legit and they even had a live dj in the restaurant.  The only bad part of the restaurant is that it was a little too loud, I dont enjoy having to shout to my gf asking how's her burger.  Other than that, well recommended restaurant.Played at the only two Pai-Gow tables in the whole casino and minimums were $50, so i decide why not.  The GF looked bored while i was gambling away so I put a $50 down on the spot she was sitting on, the dealer said you can't have another person play for you while you have an active hand, but the dealer said , "alright, just one hand." So she picked up her hand and said.....slowly pulls out four 5's! She landed a four of a kind on her first hand and everybody around us just went NUTS.  I was high fiving the dealer and his pit boss came over and ask whats going on, I think the dealer regrets making the one time exception.  I still tipped him out to ease the pain of getting bitched out by the boss.   Talk about beginners luck.Later that night when we tried sleeping, its true you can definitely hear the club music banging away even on the 31st floor.  But im a heavy sleeper and i play music when i sleep so it was a plus for me.  The rooms had a bubble bath, with no bubbles provided (bring your own, i guess), which is rare for a Vegas hotel.Closing Statements: You should definitely stay here at least once, its the hot spot in Vegas, at least for the time being.  One side note, you do not accumulate Hotel points at any of the restaurants like you usually do at other Marriott properties, just an FYI. I walked away up $200 bucks, requested late check out at 12pm ( the front desk staff didn't give me a hard time, they just easily extended the checkout like THAT when i called at 4am in the morning).  We did express check out in our room and bypassed the 30 minute wait.  We will come back here again once our schedule permits.
2	F.Y.I: The Cosmo is an absolutely beautiful hotel & casino but LOOKS ARE DECEIVING! So many people rav about this place and I've always wanted to stay here so when my birthday came around, I jumped on the Cosmo bandwagon and booked a room here for the one night I was stayin in Vegas.  Before I begin to open up a can of worms about this hotel..let's start off with the good things about this place...Honestly the only reason why the Cosmo is getting 2 star is because of STK, Wicked Spoon, and Marquee. Without those 3 places I would give this place negative stars if I could.First off...Don't believe the HYPE!!!!! After droppin all that money for an expensive room, you would think that it would be the cleanest room you walked in to...WRONG! I walked in all excited about how sick the room and of course took a tour. In the bathroom drawers there were dirty q-tips, urine on the toliet seat, and the a couple of the white pillows had dirt marks! WTF!!!!! Two words : COMPLETELY UNACCEPTABLE! The only good thing about this room was the view of the strip and that I fact that I had my own personal jacuzzi/tub!I complained and got moved to another room that apparently had a "better view"...and let me tell you I was fooled.  The woman at the front desk upgraded the room for the inconvenience of the dirty room and when I arrived to my new room...I couldnt believe my eyes! The tracking was coming out of the sliding door, the light in the bathroom didn't work and this amazing view was the freakin view of the pool!!!! Ummmm nobody is chillin at the pool in Nov and trying to lay out when its freakin cold outside!When I checked out, I looked at the bill and they ended up charging me for the room that I was upgraded too! How do I get moved to a room and am not told that I was being charged...she fooled me with her alleged customer service!  The Cosmo was such a BIG DISAPPOINT and not worth the money that I spent! So yelpers...Try stayin next door at the Aria because the Cosmo just got dissed and dismissed! So Yelpers....Viva las vegas (minus the Cosmo)!
1	I wil never ever stay at this hotel again...and I tried my best to give it a fair shot. The only reason this hotel gets ONE star from me is because the room had an awesome view.Background- Carole and I try to go away for Christmas. If we don't go anywhere, we try to do a staycation and check into a hotel somewhere in Chicago. Well, I have a dog. He's ten pounds and extremely well-traveled, having been on a car ride from Chicago to New York and back, having flown in airplanes from New York to Chicago and also from Chicago to Vegas and back. He also takes part in these family vacations. As such, I specifically called the hotel upon booking our Terrace One Bedroom with the view of the Bellagio Fountains, I asked what the pet policy was. I also asked what I needed to bring and was told the hotel had everything, crates, blankets, dishes, etc...all I needed to bring was the dog, his food and treats and be prepared to pay a $250 refundable deposit...oh how wrong they were. This hotel gets one star for several reasons.1) Check-In and Check-Out Process: I wish I was exaggerating, but Carole and I got in the line to check in shortly after three pm. After waiting more than an hour and fifteen minutes in the longest line to check in that I've ever been in my entire life...we get to check in. Daniela, the staffer who checked us in, was obviously new and not aware of any of the amenities for the dog...and presented us with an entire list of do's and don'ts for the dog. Tired and exhausted, we get upstairs at 4:45 and crash.2) Concierge Services: One of the aforementioned rules in regards to us having the dog was that he couldn't stay in the room alone and uncrated. I'm a reasonable person, and it makes sense because of housekeeping coming in and out of the room...no one wants to get bit by an overprotective animal. However, when the hotel told me not to bring anything because they 'had it all' and I specifically asked about how I'd keep Jackson out of the way of housekeeping, i asked about crates.  I was told they had crates. However, when I called down to request one, i was told there were no crates. Great...so that means I have to stop my vacation to track down a pet store, go to said pet store and purchase a crate (if they hopefully carry any). Call down to the concierge to get an address and find that the nearest pet store is a bit away...explain the situation and the concierge tells me they will give us a credit (the first of many) and have a car take us, at no cost. Great! We get downstairs and to said address to discover the pet store doesn't exist in that location. Concierge didn't even call to check on it and this was Christmas Eve. So now, we're two out of towners and a dog riding around in a courtesy limo trying to locate a pet store. Had we done what the first concierge told us and hopped in a cab, we would have been screwed. Almost two hours later, we get a crate and return back to the hotel. It never should have taken that long.3) Housekeeping: The hotel management told us that when we stepped in the room, it was supposed to feel like no one had ever stayed in that room before us. Yeahhhh......not the case at all. There were soap scum stains on the shower door, the microwave above the wet bar in the room was filled with grease and sauce stains from someone heating up something in there, and the glasses along the bar were grossly covered in fingerprints and who knows what else. Ordinarily, you could call down, ask them to give your room a thorough clean and all that would be eliminated, right? Yeah, we did that. Didn't happen. Twice.4) Lines: Since this hotel is fairly new, it was built to have lots of guests frequenting the different areas of the hotels. However, it lacks the staff and management to actually handle the amount of people. Even the elevators, while many, cannot handle all the foot traffic of guests, visitors and other frequenters of the hotel and its facilities. Makes no sense that I have to wait over a half hour for an elevator to go down to the main lobby area, and makes even less sense that the only way to even find a place on the elevator is to ride it all the way up, and then down. 5) Dog Area: While in pictures it is cute and adorable, the policy about picking up after your animal was not enforced and the area kept running out of poop bags. Also, to get to the poop bags, you have to step into the actual area where the dogs urinate and poop, so if you aren't careful (and it does get dark late at night) you could end up stepping in the poop of an animal. The area often smelled as if it hadn't been cleaned properly, and when security got too tired or called away, the doors out to the area were locked and any pooches needing to potty were out of luck,
5	The awesomeness of the Cosmopolitan hotel/casino/restaurant complex is hard to beat. This is Vegas baby! Elevators are super-fast and I approve. Rooms are nice and clean. What's up with the clear window in front of the shower so the rest of the room can see you in there?! Luckily there were curtains to pull. I spent three nights at the Cosmopolitan and didn't have to sleep much at all. The oxygen downstairs makes you not sleepy and you can work all day after any crazy night of Vegasness. I hung out by the Bamboo pool and it was great even though the pool was closed. Cosmopolitan is the newest and freshest addition to the strip. I'm definitely coming back. Marquee is right there and with all the great restaurants you never have to leave. Only if you get the urge to see what "old Vegas" has to offer...
4	Still has that new hotel smell!  Except where there's smoking, naturally!I had the chance to stay here for a couple of days and have to say that this is a pretty nice place.  All of the staff was very friendly at the desk, taxi stand, shops, etc.  The decor is very cool and it's got a great vibe.  Elevators are very cool (though the music is kind of loud and the lighted back panel can get kind of hot if you lean against it!)The room we had was very cool.  Sort of a mini-suite with a nice sitting area, comfy bed, balcony and amazing bathroom!  (see pictures)It is very convenient to anything in City Center, as well as Bellagio and Hard Rock.  I would definitely recommend staying here.  Now, having said that, I made some of the worst decisions of my life while staying here and am paying dearly for doing so, but hey, I'm a swell guy so I'm not going to blame it on the hotel (though I wish I could!). If anyone tells you "what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas", don't believe him.  It can follow you back home. :(
4	If you want to stay connected the Cosmo may not be for you. It's the place to see and be seen. You will have a hard time connecting to the Internet and poor cell reception. (Maybe it's an AT&T thing) With all that said it's a beautiful hotel with all the bells and whistles. Not the best for business but definitely a fun playground!!!And it's a Marriott!!! More points for me!!!
4	Great location and close to everything! We had a wonderful view of the Bellagio fountain from our room. Loved the swanky decor. Our room key got 2 people into Marquee for free.
4	Finally got to stay at The Cosmopolitan and was very excited about it! I definitely have lots to say so I'll just keep it simple by talking about the pros and cons.Pros:- Gorgeous, modern hotel with great rooms.- Large balconies and it's especially great for smokers and enjoying a cigar and drink on the balcony after a long night.- Kitchenette with a good sized fridge and freezer. Things actually freeze if you put it in the freezer!- Friendly staff.- Marquee is right downstairs.- Comfortable beds and pillows.Cons: - Food options aren't that great. We were disappointed with all our meals.- Lighting in room is dark so trying to put on makeup somewhere besides the bathroom makes it almost impossible.- Awkward window in between bathroom/bedroom and only a thin curtain to divide it. (I don't know if this applies to all the rooms, but it was definitely weird for us.)- Complimentary check out is only until 12pm. In order to stay until 3pm, we had to pay over $100.- $15 for 24 hours of wi-fi.
4	Beautiful hotel!  We got a hook up through a promoter we know is Los Angeles and he got use the Terrace Suite for $450 for two nights!!!  When we got to the hotel, they asked if we wanted to upgrade to the Wrap Around Suite for $75 more a night.  We did and it was so awesome!  Our room litterally wrapped around the corner of the hotel and we were on the 17th floor.  Our room looked right over the pool and Marquee's outdoor bar.  The music started at like 9pm and was super loud, but you couldn't hear a thing if the door was shut.  The room was huge, 1200 square feet.  It only has one bed, but the couch was soooooo comfortable that my husband and I opted to sleep on it the second night too!  Staying at the hotel will not get you the hook up into Marquee though, maybe just in a different line.  I loved the Chandalier Bar and if you go, get the flower drink!!  Makes your damn face tingle and feels so crazy weird! The drink itself is really sweet though, but worth the $11 just for the flower you eat!  They have some pretty crazy drinks at that bar!  I also love that they chose to decorate the entire place with the theme of shoes :)   Overall a great experience and loved our room!!
2	although i had a great weekend with my girlfriends, i definitely didn't love this hotel....  severe shortage of chairs around the pool - so annoying.  they clearly want to make $$ on cabanas and day bed rentals.  also, drains around the boulevard pool reeked and didn't like how the pool area was all chopped up into little sections and too much shade everywhere.  everyone's trying so hard to look cool here, that nobody's really having any fun.....  or maybe i just don't have patience for all of that anymore.
5	Let me begin by saying THANK YOU! to Cosmopolitan Management for reactivating the elevators to get directly from the self-parking garage to the dining / shopping / club floors. Much to the delight of all the local Cosmo regulars. :)ROOMS: If you're considering lodging at the Cosmo. I can only give my highest recommendation. I've been in a few of the Cosmo rooms and they are nothing below 5 stars. They're modern, extra clean, with cool technology. Thinking of having a party? We had quite a few people in our room, played music and security never got called! That means sound-proofing is A OK.DINING: Cosmo has such a unique food offering. The only cheap eat is the Secret Pizza Place. Everything else is Casual-Fine Dining. I'll be making my way around to all different restaurants, but as far as I'm concerned they're all pretty good!SHOPPING: Off-beat stores you can't find anywhere else. Home to the only KidRobot store in Vegas. LOVE!CLUB: Marquee. Enough Said. :) Check out my review on the best nightclub in Vegas.For locals, Cosmo gives you the staycation experience. When you drive in to valet, you feel like a hotshot. The decor is ultra-luxurious and really something you can't find anywhere else in Vegas. For visitors, its a must-see.
5	Was treated like royalty when I stayed here last June for EDC. We had a WRAPAROUND Terrace Suite and it was EPIC. My friends and I will be booking our rooms for this June sometime soon. Won't stay anywhere else in Vegas.....
4	This is one of my favorite hotels on the Strip. Definitely a 5 star hotel, however, the room service is in serious need of improvement. It's definitely on the pricier side.Decor:Beautiful, luxurious, modern. It definitely looks more feminine than many of the other hotels with its gargantuan chandelier, crystals, pink and red color themes.Rooms:We got upgraded to a suite in the West Tower. It was very spacious with a fridge, sink, dishwasher, living area with a pullout bed, bath, shower, and a balcony. I thought it was a little weird that the blinds to the shower and bath were on the bedroom side rather than in the bathroom.Casino:Higher limit so the cheapest blackjack tables are 25 minimum and roulette and craps were $10 minimum. Pretty big casino.Food:1) Wicked Spoon - delicious and very popular, so there's a long wait. Around $332) Holstein's Shakes and Buns - One of the cheaper restaurants, but still expect to spend $15-20 minimum.  Very delicious burgers and spiked drinksService:The front desk were very helpful and friendly. What knocked it down to 4 stars was the room service. It took exorbitant amount of time just to get towels or to get anything restocked. It took more than 1.5 hours!
5	This is definitely the place to be in Vegas right now. The crowds seemed younger and always dressed to impress.Originally we were booked to stay in the Terrace Suite. However, when I checked in, the nice front desk woman offered an upgrade to the Wraparound for only $45 more per night (originally $200 more per night online). She also let me in on a little tip; when checking into a hotel, it's almost always better to book the less expensive room and then ask for the upgrade at check-in. It makes sense cause they probably just want to fill their rooms, assuming they're not completely booked. I'll have to test out this theory at my next hotel stay.The most unique part about The Cosmo is they have balconies for a lot of their rooms. In the wraparound, the balcony literally wraps all the way around the two external facing sides of the room (imagine that!). Being on the 63rd floor we had an amazing view of the strip and could spend time out there on the two sofa seats. The room itself was very spacious and luxurious. Kitchen, great king bed, 2 showers and even a laundry area.Also be sure to visit the Marquee club one night and then the "Secret Pizzeria" for your drunken nourishment.
5	Retna, Shepard Fairy, Kenny Scharf & Shinique Smith for parking garage art? True street art in a Las Vegas parking garage? YES. This is just one of the many reasons why the Cosmopolitan is A-W-E-S-O-M-E!More reasons as to why I love this hotel so much.. I've stayed here a couple of times and I absolutely am in love with their choice of decor and architecture. Rooms are spacious and absolutely beautiful. They definitely have the best view on the strip!The casino has nothing but good vibes, which is why I also enjoy gambling there. Other than that, I enjoy their Book & Stage area. FREE concerts! Every so often, they have an upcoming artist to perform and I love that I was able to Goapele here last November. Also, check out the Boulevard Pool! Cool venue to hang out or watch a concert. Definitely felt an intimate sort of vibe with the artist even though it's an open space.Secret Pizza Place, Bridge to the Crystal Shops, Marquee Night/Day Club.. I can go on forever! All in all, I definitely have to hand it to the Cosmo, this is by far my favorite hotel EVER!
4	Good Lord, I love this place.  I've never stayed in a room here, but have visited the restaurants, bars, and shops numerous times.  This place is just COOL.  There is no other way to describe it.  The decorations, employees, bars, restaurants, rest places...just cool!  I feel cool just walking around the place.  Definitely a place to see and be seen.If you get tired of walking around and gazing at all of the amazingness or playing with the crystals in the gigantic chandelier, go up to the third floor where there is a pool table, foosball table, and comfy chairs.  That's right, games!  Free to play!  That's also where the not-so-secret-anymore pizza is.I take all visiting friends to The Cosmo because it is such a wonderful take on the casino.  All have been impressed.
1	For a new hotel, I was surprised by how much the business suites were saturated with cigarettes.  All of my friends and I had our sinuses going crazy by the end of the 2nd day.  That was not the worst part however.Playing blackjack on a Saturday night, the dealer misread my California driver's license, and tried to throw me off the table for having an "expired" license.  He failed to read that it was the issuance date and not the expiration date - in front of a large group of people.  No real apology from him, but a grumpy frumpy "sorry."  Com'on Cosmo - for a upscale hotel, you can do better than that when you embarass a customer (who was clearly a working professional) who just spend thousands at your hotel.  Very disappointed.
4	Chic, elegant, trendy. I'd say it's Las Vegas' swankiest hotel at the moment. The place is absolutely beautiful. The decor itself has personality, and the chandelier in the middle of casino is so fascinating, it'll have you in awe of this place. I came here with a large group of about 20 to celebrate my friend Mark's birthday. I've been here a handful of times before, but this was the first time I've actually stayed here. I was staying in the "City Room," and Mark and a few others were staying in the baller status room AKA the "Wrap-Around Terrace." We all were able to get rooms on the same floor, so it was decided that Mark's room was deemed "The Party Room," and every other room was for sleeping.The City Room was your standard hotel room with that eclectic Cosmo touch. Our room had 2 double beds and a see-through window to the shower/bathroom from the living room. Strange, right? Now, here come the problems... When we first walked in, it was like somebody was already staying in our room except without any baggage. There was a room service tray that wasn't cleaned up - Strike 1. There was an opened soap along with its' wrapper in the shower - Strike 2. & here comes the biggie... PANTIES behind a treasure chest! Strike 3! Although the panties were hidden behind something, it's definitely not a good thing when the next guest finds them. Of course we had to say something. We demanded for the room to be re-cleaned and for some sort of compensation. I was hoping the get the room for free, but they gave us $150 hotel credit instead. That works, I guess.The Wrap Around Suite was AMAZING. It was essentially an apartment with an astonishing view from the 40th floor. We had the view of the entire strip with the Eiffel Tower to our right and the Bellagio fountains right below us. It was spacious with 1 bedroom, 2 bathrooms, a living room, kitchen with bar, and a balcony that wraps around a corner of the hotel. By far, this is the best view I've ever seen of the strip. Like I said, this was dubbed "The Party Room." So of course music was blasting 24/7, people were going in and out, and we were getting crazy up in here. Security came up on Saturday before we headed out to Marquee and told us we had to leave the room. They said they heard our music all the way from the elevators. Damn, we were all the way at the end of the hall too. Whoops. They thought we were throwing a huge rager in the room, but we were just pre-partying.  No biggie though, they were cool, and they didn't kick us out of the hotel. Despite the incident that happened in my room, I still love the Cosmo. I can't get over how sick this place is. It's super girly, and maybe that's why I love it. I tried out some great eats here too... check out Wicked Spoon (http://www.yelp.com/biz/wicked-spoon-buffet-las-vegas#hrid:Jps3nLDe0W6_wNvLs3JIrg), Scarpetta (http://www.yelp.com/biz/scarpetta-las-vegas#hrid:K47i9I9IPkPwfE6I9gcAUA), and Secret Pizza (http://www.yelp.com/biz/secret-pizza-las-vegas#hrid:Yv872HM_ELzIUnqvWjeGFQ).
4	All that glitters is gold...or diamonds as it may be in this hotel!  **PLEASE NOTE--I am writing this review as a visitor only!  We did not stay here**That being said, The Cosmopolitan has diamond encrusted EVERYTHING.  Everywhere you look has bling.  They've got class and they're not afraid to show it!That being said, they can afford to put everything in glitter because everything is SO expensive.  There are tables where there is a $50 MINIMUM to play.  But I guess you should expect it based on your surroundings.There are a lot of fabulous things to look at (like the wall art and the art glass), and you can take your picture in a giant shoe.  LOVE!!
4	This hotel is so lovely. I could spend hours wandering around the hotel and admiring all the art and decor. I just hope next time I come to Vegas I have a chance to stay in the room. I was staying at Planet Hollywood and the walkways are so convenient. Not to mention Wicked Spoon is in here! Great buffet, but I prefer dinner menu over brunch.
4	the casino was nice.. like the place ... i want to stay here next time... the buffet was awesome
4	As for the hotel, this is probably one of the most modern hotels on the strip if not the most. which is why i like it so much. It goes with people in my demographic which is Gen X and Y. But hey it has a nice gaming floor and nice pit bosses. Interesting note... This is owned by Deutsche Bank. lol anyways I also wanted to say that i've never actually stayed in here but i plan on to in the near future. The food could be better really nothing to note there but yeah, it gets the job done... (food wise)
1	In case anyone was wondering if I ever got the credit that was promised to me by the management.....I did not. Nor did I receive the complementary breakfast.NEVER STAY HERE, THE MANAGEMENT IS AWFUL!!!
5	Before my trip, I read some reviews and saw a number of negative ones and I was concerned about staying there. Now that I am back, I really loved this hotel. Everyone who worked there was great....so friendly and helpful. We had a beautiful room. The hotel is in a great location. We walked all over...to the Bellagio and Mirage. Paris is right across the street. I loved having a balcony and the view was great. The dealers were very friendly and the decor of the lobby was beautiful with all the crystals.I will definetely go back there. Just really loved it.....
4	I'm definitely a fan of this hotel, Ive stayed here three separate times and each and every time Ive had a great experience.Some of the cool things to keep an eye out for.1. marquee club - if your from nor cal, "Bay Area" then you will feel at home2. the lounges/bars - there are a ton of options, and each one has its own theme3. room service - gotta love 24 hour room service Here are some annoying things to keep an eye out for.1. constantly having to put in your key card to go up the elevators (trust me, when your drunk it sucks)2. the open showers and tubs for all to see, I don't get it, why are the bathrooms so open, not everyone that stays in the hotel is a couple. 3. kitchen in the room, its great that each room has a mini kitchen, but whats the point of a dishwasher, when there are no plates
4	My wife and I stayed here on a Sunday night in January and we really enjoyed it. As a Platinum member of Marriott, it is nice to have a Marriott property to stay at on the strip. To clarify, it is my understanding that it is not a Marriott property but rather affiliated with the Marriott rewards program - either way I got all my Platinum freebies.I got a great rate, found a special on the internet for like $160. I understand the rooms are usually much more then that. In fact we almost stayed there on the Saturday as well, that was going to $260.The room we had was large, clean and well decorated. I really enjoyed the smart portion of the room i.e. how everything was networked. I especially enjoyed the phone control system - that was pretty cool.The bathroom was nice albeit a little odd with having a large picture window as a wall for the shower. The tub, a soaker tub which was very deep, was nice but hard to get in and out of. I was surprised there were no hand rails and nonskid pads - seemed a bit dangerous.We had a view of the Aria, not bad, but the balcony was nice. I can see this being a big draw if it is nice outside.Instead of Marriott points I opted for the breakfast for two at The Wicked Spoon, that was a good decision. This is one of the most awesome buffet I have been to, very well done. However, they do not open until 8am? Really? Also, they only have one guy cooking made to order eggs. The line got really long fast.We also ate at the Sushi restaurant on the third floor, great sushi but WAY overpriced. It costs three of us about $250 for sushi and drinks. Overall great experience, I would stay again.
3	Very young crowd and very crowded. Drinks at some of the bars are OK. Didn't gamble there so can't tell ya how that is.
4	After being a little day drunk from a Marquee pool party, we went walking around looking for a yummy place to eat. Eventually, my friend and I stumbled on this amazing pizza spot next to Jose Andres' restaurant, which incidentally had actually been recommended to us by another friend though we didn't realize it until later. The pizza was on hit - piping hot, with just enough grease from meaty pepperoni to satisfy my buzzed cravings. Once we sobered up a little, we realized that the Cosmo was gorgeous and had a ton of fine dining to check out, making us realize we want to stay here the next time we are in town. Though we were happy with the Venetian, the Cosmo is sleek and has a great young and modern ambiance that fits in perfectly with those wanting a little sophistication during a weekend of debauchery.
5	I have stayed at most of the nicer casinos on the strip and this is by far my favorite. As you walk into the lobby you will notice right away at the high tech nature of this casino. The 8 or so 15ft pillars play video and digital images. If you are on the right kind of drugs this would occupy a ton of your time. When you check in once again the high tech casino is on display. LCD screens with hotel info and doubles as your check in signature. I was able to get a balcony room (yes a balcony, not many of these on the strip). The room is controlled from the lcd phone. You can control climate, lights, music etc. The casino was very cool. Nice size, not too large and had plenty of table and machine games. The restaurants were a little spread out, but the selection was wide. Make sure you go to see the chandelier and the bars that are draped by them. I will be staying at The Cosmopolitan from now on. My choice on the strip. Sorry Wynn.
5	Okay my first review was really harsh. However, there was a major change in my viewpoint  as there was a huge shift in stars. This place is no good as a casino and has zero Vegas Old School Gambling coolness; however as a hang out, it ROCKS! I have been hitting this place as a newly single guy and I love it here. The place is nuts in the bars and clubs so I am a fan now. Champagne Bar is really slick and is a big time meet and greet for singles place. Its the biggest bar in the place outside, of the clubs but very cool and broken up into different areas for chilling with friends or a date. Its not too meat marketish that women fear going in alone, but more fun and a great place to hang.The other bars scattered around the casino are also great places to just chill and have a drink. Meeting people from everywhere and the young hipsters are more than interesting to watch. I seriously enjoy just sitting at the bar meeting and greeting people coming and going.As for the shops and such, its top notch. Stitch is really slick and the owners there are very cool. its not for the faint of heart suit pretty much starts at $1,500 but its really a cool place to check out. So.. I stand corrected sort of.. the casino is still not Vegas, but the singles action is top notch! Enjoy and stop by the bar and we will chat!
4	You must dress top notch to fit in here.  Classy to say the least.  The place to be seen and to see others.  The bars are nice.  The clubs are crazy and the women are beautiful (just watch out for the hookers - the high dollar ones come here)
5	Beautiful hotel, the decor, the rooms, the bars (hello chandelier bar!)......excellent service, fast check in and check out over a very busy Superbowl weekend.  The restaurants are insanely good, nice shops, and can't wait to go back during pool season.
3	The Cosmopolitan is trendy, upscale and awesome to just gawk at.  We parked in their garage and red/green lights tell you which spots are open. Crazy awesome.  The lobby is gorgeous with giant pillars that are screens.  They must be 15 feet high at least.  The Chandelier Bar which covers three floors is beautiful with it's draped beading.  It does not have a large casino like you see at the MGM or Bellagio.  The casino isn't the reason you go to the Cosmopolitan.  The atmosphere is the reason you go.  The restaurants, the clubs, the shops...everyone is dressed to impress and ready to party.We stayed at the Cosmopolitan for 1 night at the end of a 4 night stay because I wanted to see what it was like and used Marriott points.  Check-in was sloooooow.  We waited for 22 (yes 22 exactly) minutes in a line with 2 people and 2 individuals working the desk.  No idea how that happens but the gentleman in line with me said it was his second time waiting that long in two days.  Yikes.The room was nice.  It's what I'd call a junior suite.  The king sized bed was separated from the sitting area by a half wall.  The room had a kitchenette and a gorgeous bathroom.  There were neat touches like coffee table books and ecletic artwork.  The overall feel is trendy and slightly artsy.  However... the kitchenette does not include a single dish.  There are 4 glasses like you'd get in any hotel but no coffeemaker, not a pot, pan, or utensil to be found.  So why a kitchenette?  You can get utensils, for a price.  The room wasn't so clean.  It was clean at first glance but your feet would turn black from walking on the carpet and tile.  The walls and curtains had stains.  Not what you'd expect from one of the most expensive hotels on the strip.  The noise...holy cow.  I expected noise because it was a sold out hotel in Vegas.  I didn't expect 3 am walls vibrating noise.  Marquee, the main club at the hotel, is located in between the towers and the noise travels up the glass facade and into your room.  I'm glad Tylenol PM knocks me out because while I enjoy a late night in Vegas, the fact that I was on the 32nd floor and could still hear the club quite clearly...ridiculous!!Summary - looks awesome, great to visit, just don't stay.
3	Wonderfully kitschy chic.Many people dressing like people they see on TV in Vegas. Self-fulfilling prophecy and very fun.Chandelier Bar, GoGo Bar are both great.Milos and Scarpetta are also very serviceable, in fact the service is better than the food.
5	My current favorite hotel in Vegas. Love the rooms, love the decor, love the amenities, love the service!
4	Man, is this place cool, tres cool or really cool...The rooms are awesome with mini bars, jacuzzi and shower for 4, and the rooms have a great view of The Bellagio Fountains.  The hotel is in the middle of The StripThey also have some interesting restaurants including a New York pizza place in a hidden hallway on the third floor.  Place flows well with The Chandelier bar in the middle encompassing three floorsOnly downside is the gym.  It costs $20, which is ok, but you have to shower in the spa for another $30.  It is a small downside for a really interesting environment
5	AM-A-ZING! Probably my favorite hotel in Las Vegas!! The hotel itself is so glamorous with the shiny chandelier throughout the hotel and sophisticated atmosphere! It has a classy look to it! What's great about this place is that it not only attracts businessmen/women but it also attracts a sophisticated young hip crowd. It's not trashy!   The rooms! wow... amazing view!! You get to see the Bellagio water show straight from your balcony- which speaking of, is another great asset to this hotel- The bath tub is also a mini-Jacuzzi so you can sit and relax after an exhausting night. The hotel rooms were clean and did not smell and everything was just right!Just a quick tip- DO NOT CUSS if you are at the casino tables, they do have very sensitive workers there that do get very offended ( not to say that I was the one using foul language, but many were threatened to get kicked out)
5	everything about this hotel is 5-stars in my book. thanks to Justin B, had a chance to stay here finally and i have to say that i was impressed! stayed in a terrace studio room complete with a balcony view of the strip. the only minor complaint about my stay is that we were on the 28th floor and could still hear a lot of noise coming from the strip. stumbling into the room at 3am, i had no trouble sleeping haha but it did make taking a nap in the middle of the day a bit troublesome haha...other than that, loved everything else about the room - comfy bed with fluffy sheets, awesome spacious shower, lots of seating to entertain guests, cool coffee table books scattered around the room and really cool shower tile and wallpaper haha. didnt have any issue with housekeeping either - as soon as we left the room and called down for turndown service, we came back an hour later and it was done. also def recommend staying in the east tower since the elevators will drop you off in the middle of the casino or on the 2nd floor near all the restaurants and marquee. staying at the cosmo makes going to marquee really convenient too. get into the club early, get your re-entry stamp and head up to the room for more pre-partying hahalove this hotel! i can only hope i get the opportunity to come and stay here again ;)
5	Best. Buffet. Ever! Wicked Spoon really brought it's game. And it wins. Great, diverse selection...from Korean food to Pho to pork/sweet potato hash comfort food Americana. Just really good food. Bloody Mary's (an extra cost) were worth it - our server was really nice and made it double spicy as I had requested. Great dessert options too. I can't say enough good things about the buffet at Wicked Spoon. Only thing I did not like was the whole Identity thing. My boyfriend won $10 credit with our free spin but when we sat down at the slots, it took all the credits without us doing anything...The place tries to be hip. And it succeeds, without being too posy or too fake-feeling. It feels like a young, hip, modern, ultra-cool hotel for young professionals, grown-up hipsters and just people with a really cool vibe. I saw a lot of kinda-skinny jeans on the guys here BUT it was done in a tasteful way. The place also gets a thumbs up for having Hendricks Gin - my favorite. The Chandelier Bar was also pretty cool. I really liked that the Canton Gaming had Rugby Sevens games listed, and the supervisor changed one of the big screens to show the rugby games at our request. It wasn't too packed and the employees at the gaming place were so nice and accommodating - they asked us questions about rugby and rules - just trying to learn more about the sport. They were very, very nice to us...and it was genuine, not 'oh-let's-be-nice-so-we-can-get-tipped' business that's prevalent in other places!We did well on the slots and on roulette so I can't complain about the customer service. The dealers were all very nice.I liked this hotel. I liked my experience at this hotel. I will definitely stay here the next time I do Vegas. The decor is pretty cool too. Ok, I know, I know, you get it...the Cosmopolitan rocks.
1	I stayed at the Cosmo hotel and was wrongfully ejected out of the Marque and the bouncers bullied me up to my room while telling me I was a homosexual and my wife was naked inside the room having sex with another guy.  Hotel management refused to make amends.Here is the video to prove it.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_E4jPBXiFpI&feature=youtube_gdata_player
1	I will never set foot in this place again. I have never seen a bigger bunch of pathetic a-holes grouped together in my life. You would seriously have to pay me to get me back in the door.
5	wraparound terrace suite that's i have to say.
2	Very loud hotel and the rooms were starting to look run down. Service was ok, could have been better. Japanese soak tub was dirty-yuck, wish I didn't pay extra for that. Gym costs $20 and internet is expensive too. Oh, and no cell phone service if you have A T & T. Good place to party though and the chandelier by marquis is beautiful.
5	My new favorite hotel in Las Vegas! Our suite had an amazing balcony with a view of the strip and the Bellagio fountains. Very spacious with two full bathrooms and a full kitchen. Plenty to do without even leaving the hotel. Dined at Scarpetta and STK. Although both were amazing, STK was my favorite. They even set off fireworks at the table for my birthday!! I will definitely be back to the Cosmopolitan. Many thanks for a memorable 40th birthday!
3	The rooms are super pimp! No question. Service: I had to wait 30 minutes for security to let me in my room b/c the front desk didn't activate my key correctly. Front desk staffing & Bag check lines were insane. The house keeping ladies were great and even hooked me up with some beer from another room (no, i'm not beneath that)The service in the Chandalier bar was God awful even when not busy. Holsteins & the Henry had good service. Cool place but they need to reexamine their service
5	I don't know if I would dish out the extra bucks to stay at this hotel when there are nice affordable options all around, but it sure is fun to hang out here. The interior and exterior are both modern and gorgeous. They have fantastic restaurants including 2 by celebrity Chef Jose Andres. We dined at Jaleo which was pretty much a gourmet tapas bar. They also have a "Chandelier" bar, basically the whole bar is encompassed by a giant chandelier. Last but not least, they have one of the newest super-clubs in Vegas, Marquee.
4	Pretty cool we had a 1bdrm w/terrace overlooking the fountains.great view... expect street noise if you get this room though.. i mean.. your on the strip.. and you have a patio door open...the room was great.. with a couple of minor exceptions..A. We kept having electrical issues in our room.. that was kinda weird.. wasnt expecting that.. a lot of TV reboots.. sometimes desklights would go off etc.B. the fridge is already full of their own merchandise.. so basically.. you dont have any room to put your own stuff...I liked the place overall though.. btw.. I Would NOT recommend the spa..there are better.. spas out there and this one while sorta nice isnt worth the premium.
2	I really, really wanted to love this place. It's beautiful and in a great location, has lots of highly regarded restaurants and shops. Unfortunately I end up having a decent time only about one out of every five times that I'm there and that's in spite of the place and not because of it. Take tonight for example; I played at the slots for SEVEN HUNDRED points before I could get a drink. It's a friday night at peak hours, yet there wasn't a waitress to be found. Eventually I asked someone to send a waitress by and when one still didn't come I lucked out by a creepy floor guy corralling one in my direction with what I'd consider lewd behavior (I'm pretty sure he smacked her *behind*). Try going to the bar to get a drink instead you say? I have. I've been to the downstairs chandelier bar on almost every visit and god forbid you open a tab at the bar, because waitresses on the floor will close you out and make you reopen with them if you order from the bartender (which is often a necessity). Half the girls that I've seen are in over their head, or so it would seem from the way they charge around the floor. It's not the sort of behavior (or level of service) you would expect from a place like this.  I hear that they are having a hard time getting people to gamble here and I can see why. It's a place to come and eat, shop or even stay (I hear the rooms are amazing) but it's not a place to meet friends for a casual drink or gamble (at least in my experience). As a repatriated local I really wanted this place to be more welcoming,  but either my expectations were too high or this place is (as I see it) a Las Vegas stereotype; beautiful but lacking substance.
4	Borderline 5-star review for me, but somethings dragged it down. But first, THE GOOD!I don't stay at many hotels, let alone fancy shmancy hotels, so take my amazement at this hotel with a grain of salt. But it was...amazing. The interior is trendy, fancy, swanky, hip, and COOL. Hot people in slutty outfits abound moreso than in other hotels and casinos. This looks like THE modern hotel of Vegas.I had a King's Terrace somethingorother suite, and I was blown away. A living room with a couch, desk, and huge TV; kitchen; bedroom with a giant bed adorned with downy pillows and comforter; a bathroom with a huge pornstar shower. Yeah, let me expand on the bathroom: The toilet is behind a separate door so you don't have to smell the odor of last night's Wicked Spoon buffet binge wafting through the whole room. The shower has a huge glass wall on one side that faces the bedroom...good for a show from your significant other. Additionally, further through the shower is a deep bathtub with two seats....AND THIS AREA OPENS RIGHT INTO THE BEDROOM! You can take a shower, steam off in the bath, and just climb right out into bed.There are lots of restaurants and bars in here that will cater to various personalities. However, the "party" scene really isn't for me, and while I appreciated looking at all these people bustling about, I felt a bit out of place. I'm a modern guy, but not a party person. Weird? Some things I was not pleased with: - The Bigelow products that they stock the bathrooms with (mouthwash, body lotion, shampoo, etc...) are not pleasant. The shampoo and conditioner don't smell pleasant and feel abrasive on the hair, and the mouthwash doesn't feel as strong as Listerine. The Bigelow main store is near me in NYC so it felt like it was trying to follow me and stifle my experience, luls. - While on the bathroom subject: there are no toothbrushes/toothpaste in the rooms. They give you luxuries like body lotion but they don't provide necessities like toothbrushes? I called the desk and they said its not standard in most room and sent it up. I still don't know whether the brushes and paste are free or not, so I guess I'll update the review when the deposit charge clears from my card.- Though I stayed in mid-February, the temperature during the day was a beautiful mid to upper 60's. Coming from New York, this felt like dead of summer to me, and I wished I could have lounged around the pools. However, the pools are still closed for the season. Boooooo : (Overall, great hotel, especially if you're a party/drinky hot young thing. But even if you're not, you'll enjoy the rooms and restaurants!
5	I am in love with this hotel! During our first stay in Vegas we stayed at the Cosmopolitan and after visiting almost every other hotel on the strip, I don't think I would have traded it for anything. We chose to stay here because am a Platinum Marriott member from all my work travel but that being said, you'd never be able to tell this hotel is part of the Marriott brand. The hotel is filled with stunning art and digital art, great restaurants, and beautifully decorated bars and casino, oh and the Marquee nightclub. Every detail of this hotel has been meticulously designed and as an added bonus, the hotel is perfectly located centrally on the strip. The room itself was gorgeous too. We stayed in a wrap around terrace suite that had a stunning view of the Bellagio fountains and the Paris Eiffel Tower. Again, decoratively, every detail of this hotel room, if you can call it that, was beautifully designed. Additionally, the entire suite could be controlled by a touch screen phone or through the tv which made it easy to shut off the billion lamps at the end of the night or set the temp.
4	My husband and I just stayed here to celebrate my birthday. I'm closer to 40 than 30, so we were looking to have "grown-up fun," as opposed to the usual Vegas shenanigans. (though it looks like those can be found EVERYWHERE). We've also stayed all over the Strip- from the Four Seasons  and Wynn to the Luxor and MGM Grand, so were excited to try something new and upscale.We had a Studio room with a fountain view that overlooked the Bellagio fountain and the Strip and it was amazing. The room was great-- the perfect size- and we liked the open floorplan. The decor is lovely and we felt very at home and comfortable for the three days we spent there. Definitely book a room on a higher floor-- we were on 33 and I think I wouldn't want to be lower than 27ish for the view we had.The check-in/out/front desk/concierge staff were all great-- as were our waiters in all of the restos where we dined. Everyone was VERY attentive and it seemed like that was a priority throughout the resort, sans the doormen- of which I actually never saw one (maybe they dont have??)We got drinks at the Chandelier bar, which is fun and a very cool, unique idea. The casino is actually pretty small, but it was fun and much nicer than the places that seem to go on forever. They have interesting art to look at and the LED screen pillars in the lobby are a very cool touch.We had an AMAZING dinner at Scarpetta. The food and wine were delicious and the service was impeccable. I LOVED our waiter!! We had a table for two right in the window facing the same Bellagio fountain-- I couldn't have asked for a better birthday dinner. I will definitely go back the next time we visit LV.We grabbed a quick lunch at the hidden pizza place one day-- and it was DELISH. there was a long line out the door and no sign marking the place-- and you could see why. it's a definite must for anyone staying at the hotel... We had lunch at Holstein's the following day- which was a good place to go if you want upscale diner food. I'm a Veggie, so the burgers (which are apparently pretty good)- were wasted on me- but my onion rings and milkshake were quite tasty. :)We spent one afternoon at the Spa and Hammam. I visit spas around the world and consider myself an aficionado of sorts, so was a bit surprised that I was disappointed with this one in the end. The decor is ok and the staff mixed-- the girls in the locker room couldn't have cared less as it related to "service" and jammed everyone visiting the spa into one area of the locker room so we were all on top of one another. My husband and I BOTH noted that they also should have a clock or two in the spa, so you know how much time you have before your treatment appointment. I was also given the wrong size shoes and robe and it was also VERY messy-- there were open/used lockers and towels dropped on the floor or draped on doors in every corner, as well as an overflowing wastebasket of water bottles in the jacuzzi area. kind of gross...  we got a couples treatment in the Hammam, which was actually beautiful inside. the room itself felt very natural and modern at the same time and the heated stone is VERY cool. Our treatment (Red Flower Hammam Experience or something like that) wasn't at all what I expected from the written or verbal description I received (a bit lack-lustre) and IF we were to go back (which I probably wouldn't)- I'd opt for a massage with an add on scrub instead. I hate leaving disappointed and not relaxed-- especially after dropping $700 in about 2 hours- but hey, it was an experience and you have to try to know.the only other fault we found with our otherwise delightful Cosmo experience is the "dog-friendliness" of the hotel. As all of their commercials feature Great Danes (and other animals), we assumed it was a dog friendly hotel. It turns out it is- if your dog weighs less than 20lbs. Ours is about 10lbs, so it was fine (though I still think it's weird they show giant dogs in the elevator in those spots!)-- but the hotel ISN'T really dog-FRIENDLY. The Four Seasons and W chains offer in-room services and even menus for dogs-- they have dog beds, bowls, toys and leashes waiting in your room when you arrive or send them up- and offer pet-sitting and special treats, etc.-- but there was NOTHING at the Cosmo. As its Vegas, and there's nowhere to really TAKE your dog "outside"- they do have a dog run-- it's about 3ft wide and 10ft long. With as much real-estate that this place has dedicated to everything, we were REALLY surprised that they didn't have a grassy area where guests could sit and play with their dogs-- even a 12x12ft space would do, considering the dog size restrictions. Actually-- it would be GENIUS if they had a place that was a dog store, daycare, grooming and "park" area, as people pay big bucks for these services and I'm sure clients and locals alike would LOVE it.Anyway-- that's my novel of a review on our stay at the Cosmopolitan... all in all, I'd give it an 8.5 out of 10.
5	Stayed at the Cosmo one night out of the 2 nights and 3 days my boyfriend and I were in Vegas for WPPI. We had the Terrace Suite with a spectacular view of the Bellagio lake and the Strip. The suite is ideally for two people but it was spacious enough for about 5-6 people. The only problem would be that there's only one king bed and the couch which is not a sofa sleeper. There are 2 full size bathrooms. One bathroom is near the entrance of the suite with a shower. That bathroom was pretty big. The 2nd bathroom is in the bedroom with a shower and a tub. Very huge bathroom. There's a small kitchenette area and oddly enough, there was no coffee maker. There's a little dining room area. The living room is spacious and has a sliding door to the balcony. The bedroom also has a sliding door to the balcony. The balcony is long with some lounge chairs. the suite is bad ass! Nuff said!
5	i came here for valentines day (2/13-2/14) w/my boyfriend as a lil reward for ourselves- decided to book on the cosmo since surprisingly it was cheaper than the PH towers and they offered a 20% off for staying at the cosmo.its probably going to sound like a cliche but i am completely in love with this hotel-everything about it-especially the room!if someone video taped me when i walked into my terrace studio (4435 room / west towers)..i just dropped my jaw and i said to my bf "OMFG!" i left my bags at the door and ran through the room like a lil kid "oooohhh-ing" & "ahhh-ing"  haha.the terrace studio is just purely amazing. esp my room/location of my room was amazingly big and had a great view of the bellagio water show. i was def. beyond impress w/the cleaniness and spacious bathrooms (2 baths!) ..if i could i would live here esp for the master bathroom. we took advantage of the kitchette and brought our own beer, food/frozen food of course and save $$ on wasting it on food on the strip.my only gripe about the hotel was that i got to cosmo around 1:40ish PM to check in and they told me i was too early and they didnt have a room open yet till 3PM-6:30PM..and i read this on yelp before how people had problems with waiting forever for them to call you when the room was ready, ppl having problems when they never called at all and etc. i never had a problem w/any hotel ive stayed at in vegas so this was new to me.  I was NOT about to wait till 6:30PM to have my room ready nor wait forever  for them to "call me" or accidently forget. so my bf and i just gambled at cosmo till 3pm..i physically went back to the lobby and check myself and he said it was ready!*so note for you guys, dont wait till 6:30PM  or for them to call you for your room to be ready..check it yourself..physically!i love their parking structure haha is that weird? love the art on the walls, very modernized parking structure...showing how many spaces are left and little lights showing you a occupied space or not hahaoverall, i would def stay here again if i had another special occasion or if theres a great deal since it is a bit pricey but well worth the money. make sure to stop by the identity booth for a free spin at their wheel to get free stuff and plays!
5	I gave this place a 5-star because of the view and the excellent customer service.Stayed here for one night, but let me tell you we had the most beautiful view and a great room to boot. The City View Room is the only one with a double bed and it has a see-through shower (with shades of course). There was a mini fridge in the room but my friend thinks she locked it because after she open and closed it, it wouldn't open. The beds are really comfortable. Once I saw the bed I did the "plop" test and let me tell you, so comfy! The bathroom is really nice too! There was a vanity mirror in there as well. The only thing I thought that was odd was there was a closet next to the vanity mirror and right across from that was the toilet (seperated by the door). The robs are really comfy too. The Cosmo also uses good toiletry. The brand (I forgot) is a good brand and not a cheap-o-brand, but still it's good if you forget your shower necessities. The front desk people are so helpful and nice! One of the best services I've ever had staying at a hotel on the strip. The security people are great too, because when house keeping wouldn't find us a wine opener, security did! They brought it to our room when house keeping actually said "we are out, you can buy one downstairs in the gift shop." This place is also in the heart of the strip and didn't have to drive anywhere! Well except maybe to China Town, but getting to all the other hotels and clubs was easy and didn't spend a dime on taxi's or anything.Although this place is pricey, you get what you pay for and more. I highly recommend people stay at this hotel at least once just so you can decide for yourself. My friend's and I were happy with everything.
4	The hotel is very busy with things to see and do but the suite isn't very spacious. Love the balcony feature and that it's very clean inside but I wish the sure was a little larger. IMO, this is a great hotel for girls as the decor is more catered for them.
3	Pet friendly, and if booked at the right time, prices are reasonable. Decor is nice but it doesn't have great, good quality furnishings like the Bellagio or the Wynn/Encore. Customer service is poor. Requests were denied as if their policy is very strict, unlike any other vegas hotels. Request for extra blankets took over an hour, late check out was denied w/o checking the system, additional charges were on our bill for comped buffet that our package came with. Stingy with drinks at the sports betting. They say for every $100 bet you get a drink voucher. Really?? I get free drinks watching sports w/o betting at every other hotel... Only good thing at the cosmo is the "secret pizza place" Get the sausage and peppercini one. Its good!I foresee when the hype runs out, it'll be like a planet hollywood... cheap and fun for the younger crowd.
4	I had a really good experience here.  I came with my friend and her sister to celebrate her birthday and stayed for two nights over President's Day weekend.I was a little concerned about our stay here after reading some negative comments about the service and the crowd staying here, but I shouldn't have worried - we didn't run into any noise from the club or its patrons, and the service was fantastic.  We ordered a bottle of champagne and balloons for my friend and it was there waiting for us after we came back from our show the first night.  So cute!The decor is really fun, the beds were comfy (and had NO BEDBUGS, YAYYYYY!!!), the staff were friendly, and the hotel is clean and attractive.  I'm not giving it five stars because nothing happened that absolutely blew me away, but I liked the Cosmopolitan a lot and wouldn't hesitate to come back on my next visit.Side note: the Wicked Spoon buffet and Scarpetta, the Italian restaurant, were both absolutely fantastic.  Even if you're not staying here, definitely check them out.
3	This hotel is flashy, sleek and will look horrific in about 5 years. Much like the original Mirage, you feel like they cut corners getting this once condo project finished and turned into a quasi-Marriott. (You get Marriott points, but it does not feel Marriot-like).The service is horrible and I almost moved to the Wynn, mid-trip, but figure I could endure this. The rooms are really nice and I was put on the 62nd floor (which is fake and maybe about 35 floors up). The TV controls the lights, thermostat etc. Every room has a balcony which seemed rare for Vegas.Way too much smoke on the floors and throughout the hotel cause poor ventilation. If this place went non-smoking and improved their service, they be at least a 4 star hotel, easily!
3	If I could I would give this place 0 stars because their casino took all my money. lol But to be fair, I thought the rooms were very nice and clean.  Quite roomy and the bathroom was nice and big.  Even though we couldn't get the room with the terrace, which usually is the standard room, it was still ok.  I love how the bathroom was decorated and on top of that they supply the bathroom with Kiehls products for men and women! Nice touch Cosmopolitan!  Only problem I had with this hotel, actually its not a problem just more of an inconvenience is that there was so much free space.  Lots of big sitting areas with statues.  Lots of wasted space I'd say.  I kept getting lost too because apparently there's several different elevator areas.  It took me forever to find the shopping area from the buffet.  I think they need to use that wasted space for something that will bring in revenue.
3	We finally stayed at the Cosmopolitan. We've been there numerous times, enjoying drinks at The Chandelier, eating at various places, watching music at Book and Stage, etc. But, with an offer of a free room, we finally booked a weekend.  The shortest version of our impression of the place: Inconsistent.  Some things are awesome (the music played throughout the casino, the cool vibe, terraces overlooking the city, certain employees were super friendly and helpful, and the aforementioned places) whereas other things were so mediocre/bad that I don't think they'll get any of my hotel or gambling $ in the future. With free rooms available to us at The Palazzo (which has better service and more gambling options), why would I spend hundreds on a room to receive unacceptable service?  This is part of an email I sent to The Cosmopolitan, letting them know about the good & bad parts of our stay:-Housekeeping needs a bit of work. We didn't have all our towels replaced, nor did the housekeeper take out all our trash; glasses were left behind after the room was 'cleaned.'  -We also received mediocre service from most of the cocktail servers, and flat-out terrible service from 2 in particular; I wish I had their names.  Both instances occurred Saturday night (Feb 18th); the first a little earlier in the evening (6ish) and the second later in the night (around 10ish). The 1st server had darker hair that got lighter at the bottom (ombre-style) and had a piercing on her face.  She was generally unpleasant to start, but I ordered a Ketel Soda with Lime and asked for a bottle of water. She returned with the drink and no water. After tipping her $2, I received an indifferent response. After she walked away I tasted my drink and it was unfortunately incorrect. I realize that isn't necessarily her mistake; I flag her down & let her know that instead of vodka with soda water, it's vodka with sprite. She gives me a dirty look and says, "It is?" like I'm making it up or something. No apology, no 'let me fix that for you,' nothing. So I say "yes, it is. May I have one that is correct please? And, can I get a water?" She finally returns and says, with a smirk on her face, "Do you want to taste that?" Of course I do. It was fine, but the 15 minute process, full of her poor attitude put a damper on the festive environment going on downstairs; it is not conducive to gambling!  The 2nd instance was worse! Later in the evening, my husband & I are gambling and an auburn/reddish haired server came over and asked if we needed drinks. He orders his & I order a cosmopolitan and a bottle of water. I am nothing, if not consistent =)  She returns a while later (it was busy, to be fair to her) with the drinks, and no water. We hand her $5 & I ask her about the water. She'll grab one, she says.  About 10 or so minutes later, she happens to come by to see if we needed more drinks (seeming to forget she never brought me the water), which we didn't, but I did ask her for a bottle of water. She returns a while later with the water and I say "thank you."  She just stands there for a second & asks if we need anything else, to which I respond "no, we're good." So she just stands there & then says, "Should I wait?" At this point I realize she's essentially asking for a tip, for the water I asked her 3 times for, & after she already got $5 for not bringing what we asked for originally.  So I say, "No, we're good." She honestly gave me the dirtiest look that I have ever received from someone I'm giving money to & says "ooooookay" with the bitchiest tone.  Honestly, if my husband wasn't winning on that machine & was going to want more drinks, she would have gotten an earful from me about her attitude; it is unacceptable to treat any customers like that. I am still angry about it now. With that kind of service, what is the point of spending money in your casino? I do love the ambience there, I love Book and Stage, I love the pizza place, etc., but I don't need to gamble there to enjoy those things.  Someone needs to handle servers like these so they stop driving customers away. When I'm spending good money & my night is ruined by terrible service, no amount of cool music or chic decor can make up for that.  Your cocktail servers need an attitude adjustment, or perhaps to not work with people.I felt someone needed to know so that you have a chance to make things right and preserve your customer base.So we receive a response from Carlo Chavez, a Resort Manager. His message thanks us, apologizes, & tells us he'd like to make things right. I contact him and his offer to 'make things right' consisted of "helping us make a reservation" & a room upgrade (for a room we're expected to pay full price for). No thank you, sir! Back to The Palazzo we go.  Beware of inconsistencies at The Cosmopolitan; they think they're too cool to be classy with service.
5	One word...AMAZING! My good girlfriend and I just stayed at the Cosmopolitan (Thursday-Saturday) and LOVED it!  I highly recommend this hotel!  Everything about it is beautiful, the staff is amazing and we felt extremely comfortable and safe at the hotel. We truly felt that the management kept an "eye on things" that were going on in the hotel.  We loved the hotel bar near the slot machines...are bartenders Trey and C.J. were awesome and we went back every night :) :) :)This hotel is classy and it is worth the extra money.  I dont gamble (but I still love Vegas) but even I enjoyed their casino!!  They have three pools (which werent open when we went, but were gorgeous), several shops and restaurants to choose from.Also...there is an awesome pizza place thats open until 5am...only $4.50 for a HUGE slice!!!Definately splurge and stay here!  We willl only stay at the Cosmopolitan from now on when visiting Vegas!!!
5	Stayed here for the weekend and had a great time. Upon driving up to the lobby you can already tell that this property is much newer and cleaner than the rest on the strip. The main thing that won me over is the lack of cornball theme - every detail is chic. We stayed in a Terrace Studio with an incredible view overlooking the Bellagio's fountain, so we were treated to gorgeous shows day and night. The bed and pillows were super comfy and I loved the layout of the bathroom, including a deep tub with window overlooking the Vegas lights. We had a nice wet bar and dishwasher, and I was thrilled with the closet space and seating - more than enough for our guests to stop by for drinks, including several comfy seats, a large couch and bench. The bedroom can be closed off for privacy with a pocket door, and there are flat screens in both the bedroom and living room.The bars and lounges at The Cosmo are average for Las Vegas, but The Chandelier is really something to see, even if you can't get in when its packed. The Wicked Spoon, however, has one of the best breakfast buffets I've been to in the city. Generally, I thought the service was quite good - the staff is friendly, any concerns were immediately resolved and the concierge did a great job of recommending and booking tickets for a show.This is definitely my new choice for staying in Vegas.
5	This is an absolutely GORGEOUS hotel, and the perfect place to come for a girls weekend away. Last weekend, a group of us decided to come to Las Vegas to celebrate my best friend's bachelorette party, and everyone kept telling me that the Cosmopolitan was the place to be. Being that three of us were coming from Vancouver, and two were flying in from Toronto, we had booked two separate rooms. When the three of us Vancouver gals arrived, we asked the front desk if it would be possible to have adjoining rooms so that we could stay close together. The super friendly check-in agent did us one better and offered us a spectacular two-bedroom, three bathroom suite on the 45th floor overlooking the Bellagio fountains. At only $200 extra a night (or $40 per person) how could we say no?When we arrived at our room, we were all astounded at how beautiful it was. The decor was tasteful (as it was in the entire hotel), and with the bathrooms having double sinks it made it incredibly easy for all five of us to get ready each day without worries about bathroom hogging, etc. The bathrooms each had walk-in showers and deep, soaker tubs that were ultra-luxurious. Everything was clean and fresh-looking, which is great for me since I tend to be a little neurotic about hotel cleanliness.When it came time to (sadly) check-out, I was a little worried about the wait times, as I had heard countless stories from friends about them having to wait an hour in Sunday check-out lines in Vegas hotels. I was astounded when we were checked out in less than two minutes, and the kind staff let us keep our hotel room keys as souvenirs. Overall, you can hotel that the Cosmopolitan Hotel has spent a lot of time perfecting the small details that make a good hotel a great one. If you're looking to stay in a beautiful, well-designed and non-cheesy hotel on the best part of the Strip, the Cosmopolitan is the place to be.
5	From October 2011: We went to Vegas randomly on the whim on a Friday night  after work from Bay, arrived in Vegas Sat 6am. Decided to gamble a bit at Cosmo and we got comped at Cosmo! It was def a dream come true. We got the nice East Tower suite, with the Bellagio water fountain view. GORGEOUS hotel, the best we stayed in. Everything was clean and well decorated. There was a balcony with soft couch seats, so at night sitting there overlooking the strip and watching the bellagio water fountain was just breathtaking. When we first walked in the TVs turned on to football and omg... words really can't explain how surprised we were to see the comped room we got. Plenty of room for the 3 of us, so we took advantage of everything they offered to us. We went to the pool and ordered some beers on our hotel, we found out when we checked out the next day that our fees were waived! THANKS COSMO! Great swimming pool, it was a bit crowded but seemed like everybody was having a great time. Felt like I was in college again. Later that night we went to Marquee for KASKADE, we didn't expect to get in b/c it was me and 2 guys, but thanks to our hotel key we got in right away! Best clubbing experience of my life. Kaskade for first time is pure amazing.  We were only in Vegas for Saturday but we had the BEST VEGAS TRIP of our lives. We came back  for Halloween to Vegas but it didn't compare to the experience we had at Cosmo. THANK YOU COSMO. Next time not sure if we can get comp again, but we will def pay that extra few hundreds just to stay here. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! The center of vegas has shifted.
5	**100th review**Awesome luxury and modern hotel for the ultra cool and hip. The Cosmo has become my favorite hotel on the Vegas strip. It even beats out the Bellagio that I stayed in couple of years ago.The design of this hotel is just amazing and it will tantalize all your senses. The most noticeable aspect is The Chandelier Lounge and bar as it covers the lobby with a giant crystal curtain, which creates a sense of an inhabited chandelier. The location is perfect sitting in the middle of the strip. The views from most of the suites are unbeatable as you get a perfect spot to watch the Bellagio fountains and front of the Paris hotel. It has a top notch club, Marquee; awesome Lounge, Bond; and one of the best buffets, Wicked Spoon. Need I say more?The service is excellent from check-in to check-out. As we entered the lobby to check-in , I saw long lines. But, I was immediately greeted by a very young and attractive lady in a tight black dress offering complimentary bottles of water, nice move Cosmo! Moments later some dude with a cool ipad took our info to expediated the check-in process. All the staff was friendly and helpful.We had the standard suite and didn't bother to upgrade to the ones with the balconies and kitchenettes. I love the touch screen phone that can control the climate conditions, LCD, music, alarm, and all lights. They even have a "pillow butler" that will provide you with a down,memory foam, gel, ergonomic or body pillow. One unusual thing I noticed in the room was a large window between the shower and bedroom with a curtain controlled on the bedroom side. I guess it could be a little weird if you were sharing a room with just a "friend" but you could easily get your freak on if you were with someone more then a friend.I highly recommended eating at the Secret Pizza and Wicked Spoon buffet in this hotel and check out the sexy go-go dancers at The Bond lounge at night.I'll definitely come back here next time unless they make a better hotel in the future. It would have been perfect if they offered free wifi instead of paying $15 for 24 hour access. Top notch friendly service and ultra cool atmosphere deserves 5 stars.
5	By far, this is now my favorite hotel on the strip.  The hotel is ultra modern, beautiful, comfortable, and probably the best food I've had in a hotel in a long time.  I'd say this is more of an adult hotel, doesn't seem to cater to kids in any way, especially since the majority of their rooms types have king beds only (some sofa beds).  I really didn't see many kids at all during my 3 day visit.ROOMS:  I stayed in a City Room the first night.  Very comfortable bed.  There is a window that goes from the shower to the bedroom area, but don't fret, there is a shade on the side of the bedroom that you can pull down.  That was my concern as I was staying with friends.  In the picture on the website you can't see that shade!  I moved to a Fountain View Terrace Room the second night and was even more impressed.  NOTE:  the only rooms on the website showing 2 beds are the basic City Rooms.  They DO have Terrace Rooms with 2 beds, you have to call to make the reservation and ask for them.  They do not advertise them on the site at all.  So if you're bringing friends, you must make your reservation that way.  The layout for the FVTerrace Double is a bit different than they show on the site with the King since it has 2 beds instead of one.  The beds are not by the window and there is no dividing wall.  The couch is a small couch, not an L-shaped couch (in case you're thinking of being able to sleep 6, this won't happen).  The Fountain View Terrace room had a beautiful view, could see the entire Bellagio fountain water show and a beautiful view of the strip, mountains and all the way to Rio and the Palms.  The shower is huge, nice jacuzzi tub, dishwasher (you must ask the front desk for dishes, I'm guessing at an additional cost), mini bar fridge is full and a freezer that's empty, and a microwave.  There are hookups for just about everything on the tv, including iPad. The terrace is a perfect size.  I also viewed the other rooms.  Warning on the one bedroom, if you're traveling with friends, there is no shade on the window in the shower and Soaking Tub.  So unless you like your friends watching you shower, only reserve this room if you are a couple.  Some of these rooms have sofabeds, some only have a couch.  Ask when you reserve. All rooms have lighting controlled on the tv as well as manually which is a really nice touch.  I toured the other rooms that were larger, not a bad thing to say.  They were all beautiful.     RESTAURANTS:  We ate at Holstein's, Wicked Spoon, Milos, and STK.  All were phenomenal!  The lobster mac and cheese at Holsteins melted in my mouth, the freshely prepared fish at Milos was to die for (this is a family style restaurant) and the atmosphere and food at STK were both hip and delicious.  The Wicked Spoon has a great buffet, a bit on the pricey side but since I'm a Marriott Platinum member I got 2 for free.  They pump current music through the restaurant at STK which I loved.  If you're looking for a quiet romantic dinner, this might not be the place for you unless you go really early.  Find the Secret Pizza Place...everyone raves about it.  I know where it is but we never made it there.  3rd level, long hallway in between Jaleo and Blue Ribbon Sushi Bar.  It's not on the map nor does it have an actual name.  Though I'm guesing some day they'll put it on the map and call it just that.  It's open till 4 am, great for late night munchies after a night out of drinking.  CLUB:  We went to Marquee.  Very impressive.  While I'm not into the extremely crowded scene, this club was huge.  Many levels, outdoor area at the pool.  Modern house music.  My only complaint was that it was too crowded and we could barely walk through the club, let alone dance on the dance floor, but I expected this on a Saturday night.  If you don't mind the crowds and love house music, this is the place to go.  LOCATION:  This is the place to be.  It's smack dab in the middle of the strip.  Everything in walking distance (Cabo Wabo across the street...awesome food), shopping, food....the only time we cabbed it was to check out Freemont Street since I hadn't been there in years.  That cab ride was about $25/way.Overall, I can't imagine staying at another hotel in Vegas after this visit!
5	I can't think of a better place to review for my 400th review. I stayed at The Cosmopolitan for three nights this past weekend and it absolutely exceeded my expectations. Not only have I found my new favorite hotel in Vegas, but I think I have found my favorite hotel that I have ever stayed at!I booked directly via the hotel website and was able to snag a City Room with two queen beds for three nights for $483 which included all taxes and fees. While the City Room is the basic level, it didn't feel basic at all. The best part about our room (5541) was that it had a partial Strip view and overlooked the Bellagio fountains. I don't think there is much that is better than getting ready for a night in Vegas while being able to watch the fountain show.  Overall the room was huge and I imagine if there had only been one bed in the room, it would have felt even bigger. I loved that the bathroom had a separate toilet, so someone could go to the bathroom while another person continued to get ready at the sink and mirror. The shower stall was huge which I appreciated. As a warning, the shower looks out into the room, so if you are sharing a room with someone other than your significant other, make sure to lower the shade! The only negative about the room was that the shower water never got really hot - it got warm and was fine for showering, but as a person who loves a hot shower, it never quite got there.The whole hotel is sparkly, glitzy, classy, and...well, cosmopolitan. There is a lot of crystals and bling, but it's done in such a modern and beautiful way that is comes across as classy, not cheap or gaudy. There are a ton of bars to sip drinks at with the best one being the multi-level and beautiful Chandelier Bar. Our bartender on Saturday night at Chandelier Bar was really friendly, fast, and chatted with us despite it being pretty busy. This bar/lounge was quickly added to my "must visit" list for Vegas and I will be recommending it to all my friends.Other little things that I really liked about my stay:1. It didn't feel like it took forever to walk from one end of the hotel/casino to the other. In some of the other Vegas Strip properties, I feel like I am walking forever to get anywhere.2. Great location - it's a quick walk to Crystals and Aria on one side, Bellagio on the other, and Planet Hollywood and the Paris across the street. 3. Very friendly service - from the front desk to the guys at the taxi stand, every staff member we encountered during our three night stay was incredibly friendly and really seemed to like their job. The only real complaint I have was about the elevators - you have to use your room key to access your floor and it took multiple tries on some occasions for it to actually read the card. We heard complaints from fellow elevator passengers about this same issue, including some from people who have stayed at the hotel multiple times since it has opened. Hopefully The Cosmopolitan will fix this issue soon. I will definitely be staying here on my next visit to Vegas so I can check out the restaurants, pool, spa, and Marquee.
4	Stayed here this week for a work conference. The quick rundown:-The room is beautiful-The view was great-I got upgraded free cause it is a Marriott property now-The staff was kind-C.O. Bigelow products in the room is a nice perk-Great locationNo need to say much more, everyone else already has.I'd definitely stay again if I can get a decent rate next time I come down.
5	a lot of fun but i like quiet places.
5	Cosmo is one of my favorite hotels on the strip. First of all, its not very big so I don't ever feel lost or too far away from the strip or elevators to my rooms. The table limits are a bit less than what you would find at Bellagio so its a bit easier on the wallet. The restaurants in the Cosmo range from pizza slices at Secret Pizza for cheap to your fancy Steak Dinner at STK. There is a tapas place, a burger place and a wonderfully unique buffet in Wicked Spoon. Plenty of lounges around and some live music by The Henry (great short ribs Benedict for breakfast) on some nights.I had the Terrace view room which overlooked city center. My time lapse video from the room here: http://youtu.be/CyPkxtlau5EThe room was spacious clean and even had a dish washer. Also in our room was a large shower, jet tub and a huge couch that could easily be another place for someone to sleep. There was even a chair and table outside on the balcony to lounge on.  My only wish is for them to have a poker room, but being how the place is set up, I'm not sure where they could fit on in. Maybe by the Sports book which is already tiny.. but also not crowded so it makes it nice as well :) Yes.. I'm not a huge fan of crowds.
5	What is there not to like about the Cosmo!  First of all the place is pretty pimp....the scenery there is amazing...especially at night where its a fashion show....Girls are all dressed up to go to the Marquee and party it up....there is a great pizza place to eat for cheap eats and the Pizza is pretty much off the hook.   The buffett at Wicked Spoon is affordable and super good.  The gambling is a little bit expensive but you gotta keep the rift-rafts out some how. This is the hot spot right now.....and there are cool little boutique shops to go look at like Kid Robot and some shoe store. ..The Rooms are cool too...and the bed is really comfortable...these rooms were suppose to be condo's but MGM went bankrupt.....really roomy.....and did I mention the bed was super comfortable...bathroom is pretty spacious as well..if you can stay there..do it!
1	This was the worst hotel i have stayed at in years - it was dirty and i had a wrap around deck suite not cheap - customer service is non existent they could care less and be sure you get things in writing because they changed my room rate by over $100 a night higher - charge me $167 for mini bar items that never got used and it took over a week to get them to remove it from my bill.  The dryer was broker, a light was broken there was dirty crusty dishes in the dishwasher - place was gross I will never stay there again
5	Whats the point of writing a review about a place with 1000 reviews? Well, I'm only doing it because of how much I absolutely love this place.  It is gorgeous, intriguing, fun, funny...remarkable...amazing! Not enough adjectives in the world.   The underground parking garage is great, you walk in and literally every little crack and crevise was intricately planned with not one detail left out.   The decor is incredible, thoughtful and unique.  It's like an art gallery set up as a luxurious casino.   The furnishings, the artwork, the frickin' vending machines that sell art! Yes art in a vending machine! Amazing.   You could wander this place for days and find something intriguing in every corner, nook or cranny.The Chandelier bar is beautiful, comfortable and classy.  The drinks are pricey, service is great, you feel like a celebrity just sitting there.   It's three levels high, and ample seating with an more than ample-selection of cocktails and liquors.  The pools are beautiful, unique and well designed.  I didn't get to enjoy them though, as the weekend we stayed the wind was crazy and the pools were more like whirlpools!  Oh well, I want to come back and do some maxin' and relaxin' by the pool(s) another time.  I'd love to see one of the concerts they put on by the large pool one day too....they always seem to get the greatest artists to play their venue.The semi-secret pizza place hidden down the narrow hallway near where all the fancy restaurants are is a great suprise too.  Nothin beats some freshly made slices after a few drinks in Vegas.   I'll eat at STK or something when I'm sober.... but I'm in Vegas so not sure that will happen!OK, now the best part, the actual hotel room!  It is amazing...like a posh Manhattan apartment!  The huge whirlpool tub with a separate shower for two (three or four) in the beautiful well designed and fully stocked with C.O. Bigelow products bathroom is fantastic.  It looks out on to the suite-style room with luxury linens and flat screen t.v.'s and awesome uniquely stocked (and expensive) mini-bar with a bunch of things you want to buy but realize you don't want to spend the money on!   There are art books on the side and coffee tables that you can peruse and buy from hotel services if you are so inclined (In fact, I think you are able to buy just about anything from the room, new of course, from the hotel if you desire).   BUT , the absolute best part is the large balcony that is off of every room in the hotel.  This is not a common thing in Vegas, but at the Cosmo it is standard.  We got a room facing the fountains on the strip and got to watch the water/light show from our balcony all evening.  I honestly could live in this hotel and not really need to leave the room.  This is the kind of hotel you stay at because you want to enjoy the room, not one of those places to rest your drunken' head for a few hours and quickly leave to go party some more.   I can't wait to come back to this place... Seriously cannot wait.  I wouldn't stay anywhere else on the strip (unless it was free).  The rooms are pricey, but absolutely worth it.
2	i haven't stayed in one of the rooms, so this review is strictly for the casino area.This new, hip, hotel had so much buzz around it, that i was really excited to go see what all the excitement was about. While visually, there is a lot to see, i was really kind of disappointed overall. The hotel felt almost claustrophobic with all the different designs and decorations going on...maybe it was due to the lower ceilings (I'm more used to the open high ceilings of Aria etc..), or the fact that it was crowded in general, but something about it made me feel uncomfortable.My friend and i decided to gamble for a bit before we left so despite the initial awkward impression, we decided to stay for a bit. Now, this isn't really the hotel's fault but i have to say, i have never encountered so many douche bags in my life, than at the casino here. The crowd in general were just downright rude and obnoxious. I literally had some greasy sleazy man physically shove me hard out of the way just so he can get a spot at an overly crowded roulette table. This was of course after asking me if i was waiting to play, and i had said yes. True, he didn't beat me down or anything crazy violent like that, but have some class. Also, to the ladies there, i feel your pain wearing 5" heels all night, but if you're just going to end up walking around barefoot all night in the casino with your mascara and glitter eyeshadow running down your face, have a better game plan and invest in some dr. scholls ballet slippers. When the crowded hip new casino is filled with about 75% of the ladies doing this, it kinda makes the whole hotel look gross.
5	This is one of my favorite hotels in las vegas because it has given me many memories with my friends.  Both good and bad memories.  First of all, i love everything about it.  The pool, the hotel rooms, the chandelier bar, the buffet, and the nightclub.I have always enjoyed my time here and its such a wonderful place to relax at the chandelier bar and go bananas at the nightclub. The buffet is really good, the food is in little pots and plates which i liked it that way because its a good portion control and you get to try a little bit of everything they had.Great hotel in the las vegas strip!
5	Most people look forward to Vegas for the clubs and parties, but I look forward to Vegas for Cosmopolitan's beds! They are so comfy and soft and soft and comfy. Not to mention, the view from the bed is quite a view, and I'm not talking about the view out the window. When you're sitting on the bed, directly in front of you is the shower and jacuzzi, and tv of course. The shower and jacuzzi are separated from the bedroom by glass and blinds. However, the blinds are controlled from the bedroom side, so if you're getting bored of watching tv on your bed, you can watch something else by opening the blinds.Not only are the rooms amazing, but everything else about the hotel is too. It's so pink and glitz and glammy. It also has Marquee day and night club. So fun and glamourous.
5	What can I say about the Cosmopolitan? It was bliss. It was perfection. It was so much more than I ever expected from a Vegas hotel. We were admittedly spoiled on our visit to the Cosmo. After getting chummy with the check-in girl, she upgraded us to what can only be described as a slice of heaven. Room 5915 is on the 59th floor of the rear tower, facing north. My ears popped in the elevator. But when I opened the door to the room... My jaw literally dropped.The view cannot be described adequately. I tried to explain it to a friend who was staying at the Vdara and I even showed him a picture of it, but when he saw it in person, he gasped. GASPED. That's how incredible it was.All the lights of Vegas stretched out beneath me, all the way to the mountains north of town. I looked down on the Bellagio and its dancing fountains. I looked down on The Mirage with its erupting volcano. I looked down on Treasure Island and the fireworks from the Sirens of TI. I looked down on The Paris and Caesar's Palace and The Flamingo. I could see Wynn and Encore, The Venetian and Palazzo and in the distance blinked the lights of the Stratosphere. I was God. I was the lord of Las Vegas observing my kingdom from above. I was Mufasa showing Simba everything the light touches (That shadowy place is Circus Circus - you must never go there, Simba.) The room was incredible: soft beds, two TVs, a sitting area, a desk, a triple-wide closet, a mini kitchen, a whirpool tub, a HUGE shower (wink wink wink), a private toilet room and ALL the lights in the room can be controlled remotely by the phone. Technology!!!Downstairs, the Cosmo is super-modern, verging on cheesy. They'll need to renovate within the next ten years to stay current. But for now, it's "just the right amount of wrong." It's obviously still the place-to-be-and-be-seen on the Strip. I saw more coochie-flashing dresses and barely-buttoned Affliction shirts on one walk through the casino than I've seen collectively worldwide in the last decade.Food and shopping options abound. The Chandelier bar wows. And I won $322 off a $20 bet on a Goldfish slot machine. I honestly, positively, absolutely CANNOT complain about the Cosmopolitan. Stay here.
4	I just spent 4 days at a conference, so my review is mainly of that.  Hotel rooms- Very comfortable.  I've heard from some that high winds rattle the window and whistle down the air shafts, keeping them awake at night; but I faced the other side and didn't have that problem (Still heard it, though). My view was of the Bellagio fountain display, which I highly recommend asking for.  I must add:  the water quality here is TERRIBLE, and the body lotion set in your room is basically water.  If you are staying for any length of time, bring your own industrial strength moisturizer.Casino.  Very generous.  If you know when to stop, many of my coworkers won nicely.  Also, doesn't have that 'I'm in tourist land' feel that most places struggle with.Conference rooms.  Spacious, tasteful.  Some issue with maintaining a comfortable temperature.  My biggest complaint is with the food.  Do you like starch?   Then you're in luck.  But if fruits and veggies are part of your food pyramid you might want to bring your own.  Decor.  It grew on me.  You'll love the elevator moving pictures.  Lots of sparkle throughout.Location.  Served my purposes.  Access to sky walks so getting across the main street is a breeze.
4	I stayed at the Cosmo in November 2011 for one night after four nights at Caesars Palace.  It was a free night due to using 35000 Marriott Rewards program points.  I booked into a Terrace Studio Studio in the West Tower (room 3506) .  The hotel is way over the top and the room was outrageous; one night was far too short a stay to enjoy being at the Cosmopolitan.
5	There are more good than bad at this property and knowing that nothing's perfect is the reason I still give it 5 stars.  Having read some of the reviews, I will dispense with the usual raves and mention some of the things that I did not read about yet I think worth mentioning.  If you're a gambler, then you'll appreciate the subtle nuances.  One is the fact that their table rules are a lot less restrictive.  They don't mind you showing your cards to your friends sitting next to you and offering, asking for, advice about how to play.  All the dealers, in my expericence.  seems to be a lot more relaxed and easy going.  Walking through the pits?  Not a problem either. Slot play?  It seems that I was more lucky there than any other in recent years.  They also have a portion of machine rounds that are slightly sectioned off by floor to ceiling beaded curtains that give it somewhat of a "private" feel.  Some card tables in that section are like that as well although I never did see those tables in play.The spa & fitness centers are very impressive.  The spa, beautifully done, with the entry hallway reminiscent to cave-like walls complete with waterfall-like feature at the end.  Generous ammenities in both the shower and sitting room with a separate room with sleeper seats for relaxing.The fitness center very well equipped with every machine you need and dumbells at least to 80lbs.  Spacious enough that you don't feel crowded either.   The fact that there's never really all that many people working out, makes it feel like your own private gym.Their players card works pretty much the same as "M Life", or "TotalRewards" being able to use it for comps at various venues with the ability to add points to from purchasing meals or products.  One difference is that your room key doubles as your players card so that if you misplaced your players card somewhere, then you can use it instead.Valet and bell service pretty decent as well.  Fairly quick and always friendly.  Now for the Cons:  Least important was the buffet "Wicked Spoon".  The first time I was quite impressed.  After that however, I felt that there could definitely be a wider variety of choices.  The one item that impressed me the most was the "Kalbi beef".  Very delicious flavor and abundant supply to pick from and the Sushi, albiet small in size, was made in front of you as well.  There was also a nice "Italian Ice" bar for dessert.  Otherwise, there could've been a wider variety of other selections.What disturbed me the most was the VIP lounge.  If you utilize it then be forewarned.  In their defense, It's been awhile since I've been there last so hopefully they've improved.  First was that in the same visit, the refrigerator with refreshments was moved from being accessible in the lounge area to behind the desk.  Even the Luxor VIP lounge has thier refrigerator easily accessed.  Worse was the incompetence of the staff.  Although friendly enough, there were a couple of incidents that perturbed me.  Even tho my hosts always sets up the limos, I always verify with the VIP desk before checkout.  I verified more than once only find out in the end that the time was incorrect.  Another was having told that a charge was to be taken off, only to find out that it wasn't at checkout.  In short, it seemed communication and follow thru was a problem at the time.  Frustrating because it was never corrected even after having questioned said discrepancies and having been told that it was.  I wasn't the only one with a problem either.  While waiting my turn, I witnessed other unhappy exchanges.  If anything, the VIP staff should be the most competent, and obviously it wasn't.Overall, great experience, if not for a few bumps in the road.
1	Hotel is pretty but the service there is a joke. You want a waitress while you gamble? Good luck. The staff is snobby which is just disgusting to me. Will not be going back.
1	This review is strictly for the casino area, specifically during the hours of the morning, 3-4am on a Saturday night/ Sunday morning...I had heard great things about The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas and was dying to check it out for myself.  Upon walking into the casino floor from the Strip entrance, I was really digging the decor, the HUGE crystal chandelier hanging from the ceiling.... and that's pretty much where my awe ended.  I understand this place is the "it" place of the moment for the 20s to early 30s crowd but my sister and I were totally floored by what we witnessed in the 45 minutes or so that we were there.  There's giant hot pink high heel in the middle of the floor when you walk in and there were a good amount of girls dressed in their clubbing-best taking pictures while standing in the high heel, so that was ok.  The casino walkways were way crowded with those who had gotten out of the club (Marquee) or one of the bars there.  Many douchy-looking guys using profanity and slurring their speech so you know they were almost done for the night.  Another review called the casino floor "claustrophobic" which I very much agree with.  The ceilings are low, the decor just looks like a mess with so many drunk people wandering around trying to find their friends.  And I know there are many girls out there leave their hotel room dressed to the 9s with 5 inch heels on only to give up a few hours later and walk the floor barefoot.  I saw more barefoot girls in here that night than walking around anywhere else at any other casino.  There's a Walgreens very close by where they sell some of those Dr. Scholls ballet slippers you can carry in your purse.  There was so much of this going on.  Nothing classy and hip about that AT ALL.On another side note, as we were leaving, a friend we were with had a broken bottle thrown in his direction right outside the casino doors (WTH?).  And my husband said the men's restroom was filthy, which I was surprised by, since I have never seen a Vegas hotel with a dirty restroom, but perhaps because of the clientele roaming around???  And one more thing, hardly anyone uses the slot machines at this hour so the drink girl will never pass by you if you're playing on one.  If you're into being claustrophobic, around a large amount of obnoxious 20-30 somethings,  waiting for a drink girl to serve you, and watching a bunch of girls walking around barefoot with their makeup running, stop by The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas.  I would like to think about coming here during the day, but we will see and then I can give a review update then.
4	Only came here to eat at the Wicked Spoon buffet but I was floored when I walked into the resort. It is stunning!!I would definitely want to stay here and gamble. The place just feels like you are a superstar. The decor is very reminiscent of old Hollywood. I felt so glamorous just walking around!!!It is definitely a girly hotel and I have already begged my girlfriends if we can stay here next time we come to Vegas!BTW Wicked Spoon was yumm.
4	Really swanky place to spend the weekend.  Stayed here two weekends ago for a  Birthday getaway weekend.  Overall four stars for great room, variety of hotels, lack of that smokey casino floor smell, and modern decor.  We reserved a one bedroom with Bellagio fountain view and upgraded to the terrace suite on the 49th floor which was awesome.  The suite had a king bedroom, two full baths with showers, a hot tub, full kitchen, bar, living room, washer and dryer and large terrace with two lounge chairs.  It was weird that the kitchen had no silverware, dishes, or glasses.  Other than that the suite was great.We ate at STK and Estiatorio Milos, which were both fantastic.  Centrally located to everything on the strip.  One downside was that there was no dedicated concierge for suites.  Great experience, and I'll try and get back here before it's out of fashion.
5	"Just The Right Amount of Wrong"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t5OoU1SpNi0Yeah, the commercial is pretty accurate.  To my dismay, there were no puppies and kittens in any of the elevators.  I checked them all.  Everything else is on point.  I've never felt like such a rock star.  Affordable and swanky.  Unique and yet something for everyone.  I don't think I will every want to stay anywhere else when I come to Vegas.This hotel did it right.  Located in the middle of the strip, it is a perfect place to stay. Every little detail in the design from the taxi shuttle to the bathrooms is awe-inspiring.I knew when I walked up and the stone gargoyles outside the main entrance had lipstick kiss marks on them, we had made the right choice.  Entering the lobby, there are floor to ceiling pillars animated with changing graphics.  So cool.  Check-in is very personal and at the desk we were offered an upgrade for a discounted price on our room.  Thirty ninth floor "view room".  I could have stared off our balcony for hours.  The view was amazing.  Our balcony faced the Bellagio's fountain.  Our pictures almost look like postcards.  Walking around and checking out the restaurants and bars made me wish we had more time there.  We stopped by the The Chandelier Bar, which is 2 floors with a giant cascading chandelier going through and around the entire bar.  We saw a live act- The Leftover Cuties.  Went to Book and Stage and got a crafted cocktail.  Bond bar is so intense with LED's, lights and music it's vibe is electric 24/7.  You just have to explore it all and take it all in.   Amazing artwork everywhere and shops you can empty your wallet in.  Great restaurants and buffet. I didn't visit the pool since it was still a bit cold the time of year we stayed, but they have concerts by the pool!!  Concerts. By. The. Pool!  I want to make a visit just to see Florence and the Machine here in a few months.  Speaking of the music, they play the BEST music here!  Just walking around I heard all of my favorites coming through the speakers (not popular radio stuff).  I jammed out in the elevators on more than one occasion.      Excellent service from everyone on the staff.  The rooms are completely controlled by remote.  You can turn down the air, dim the lights, turn on some Sirius Radio and order room service all from the comfort of your bed.  If you want to feel like Lady Gaga for the weekend, I recommend this place 100%  There is too much more to fit within the character limit of a review.  You just need to stay here!  I already want to go back.
4	I was fortunate enough to stay with friends here Super Bowl weekend when one of them had a comp'd room. Been to the Cosmopolitan for a night at Marquee a couple of times but this was my first time staying in the hotel. I really like the look & decor of the Cosmo. I don't know how to describe it except that it can fit right in South Beach with its styling and feel... Is 'modern-grand' a term?? It's a damn pretty hotel. From the artwork scattered around the hotel, the shops, the casino itself, the random sitting areas, the pool table anyone can use upstairs, the pools, the vending machines that dispense little 'tile or block' works of art... down to the people that choose to gamble and party here. It's definitely a good look.And let's face it... Marquee is the spot to party at in Vegas these days. Wow... Great times there. I have no complaints at all. But i can't go into too much detail either... HA!The room was nice. We had a clear view of the Bellagio water fountain from our windows. The beds were comf, the pillows were plump, the amenities very well thought out and some just seemed random. For ex: colored pencils on the desk. I did like the many electrical outlets on the desk itself. Vegas hotels seem to hide electrical outlets or seem to furnish their rooms with the bare minimum. The bathroom was nice. Dark woods, black marble & chrome. Two sinks, nice robes & towels provided, separate toilet area for privacy to handle bidness, awesome water pressure from the overhead rain shower... See through stand-up shower must be made for some Vegas deviousness. You gotta see it... Had to take a pic of it. I wasn't mad at that.Lobby area near check-in was very dramatic with the ever changing display panels that line the columns. I really liked that... A modern but artistic touch.Cant forget to to talk about the valet... Despite being a busy hotel, the amount of time waiting for our car to be retrieved was not bad at all. Cushy seating while you wait... Take the escalator down at the back entrance so it's away from the chaos that is the taxi drop off & pick up area.I like the Cosmopolitan. I'd stay there again for sure... Hopefully we'll get a terrace suite next time. Only hotel rooms in Vegas with them. Niiice.
4	I swing by the Cosmo all the time whenever I'm in Vegas. This place is gorgeous, but the rooms are pricey. I usually come here for the music at the Boulevard Pool or the Marquee Day and Nightclub. Slot machines are alright... This place is definitely for the younger crowd. The Book & Stage is the place to be if you want to enjoy good, free music. I saw Mayer Hawthorne and Brandon Flowers here during the Cosmo's grand opening, and it was a wonderful experience.
5	I stayed at the Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas in November 2011. It was my consotrium's national meeting which is held in a different location each fall. I truely believe they did an awesome job by picking the Cosmopolitan.I work in the travel industry so I am quite picky about where I will stay. I love love loved this hotel. The food was a bit on the pricey side, but eh, it is Vegas after all. I stayed in a normal double suite, and I wasn't lucky enough to over look the strip, but I did have a wonderful view of the Aria Hotel and of the pool deck at Cosmo. The beds were comfortable, the pillows abundant, and they room stewards kept the room sparkling clean. There was a nice size flat screen on the wall. The bathroom had a large walk in shower, no tub. You could probably fit 8 people in the shower. There was a large rain shower head. There was also a window from the shower to the room.The mini bar is well stocked with everything you could want from red bull, coke, water, nuts, and candy to condoms and lube.Some of my other travel friends were upgraded to a two bedroom suite that was absolutely amazing. I would definately stay here again.
4	Simply the best Vegas hotel and I've stayed at most of them.  This place was originally planned to be condos so the rooms are like apartments with balconies which is unheard of in Vegas. The intelligent controls on lighting, TV etc are needlessly complicated but fun to play with. Everything is a cool kind of luxe.  Bars and clubs on the premises are excellent, Bond, Marquee and the Crystal Bar (three story bar encased in strings of crystals - your gambling dollars at work).  Only thing that keeps this from being 4 stars is STK the much hyped steak place where I was served a sub par touch NY Strip and music was extremely loud and terribly selected for a slower Sunday night.  Stupidest DJ and music programming you could imagine. Otherwise 5 stars.  Try to get a suite on the Bellagio side the fountain view is awesome, wish I could post a pic.  Not good for kids and toward the pricey end of Vegas.  Not good table rules but a very cool and non cheesy casino like Bellagio in its prime.
5	By far the BEST hotel I've stayed at in Vegas EVER.There is just something so chic about this hotel and I can't put my finger on it.I was lucky enough to be staying in a wrap around suite with a kitchenette, washer and dryer, and a balcony that wrapped around.I walked in and the doors were all open and the breeze was blowing and the room just took my breath away.  Everything was so modern and crisp looking.There were 2 sinks [5 stars alone for this] and 2 bathrooms, one in the hallway...there was a freakin hallway.The bed was HEAVENLY with so many down pillows and a down duvet. FLUFFY!!! :)The view is just BREATHTAKING.  If it was warmer and we had more people staying in the room I would have definitely spent more time out on the balconies just chilling and hanging out with friends.I love the fact that they have sirius XM in the room so we could enjoy music while we got ready.Service was amazing.  Our room was constantly clean.  Our bed was always either made or turned down...we never went back to a messy room.I loved every minute I spent in the room.  I definitely will be back! :)
5	Best hotel on the strip. Plus, they have the best club on the strip (Marquee). What more could you ask for in one place?
5	Hands down the best hotel in Vegas. The crowd is young and beautiful and Marquee day club is poppin'. I can easily say I've had one of the best times of my life at this hotel. So many celebrities stay at the Cosmo and I saw a bunch of athletes last time I stayed here. Marquee may be a little difficult to get into but if you're walking around with stacks you can easily get it. In Vegas you gotta go big or go home so if you want to be thrifty, the Cosmo ain't the place to stay. First time I gambled at this place I won $300 off $10 in slots. Staying at the Cosmo was such a memorable experience.
5	Best Hotel ever. Great Rooms. Nice stuff. Great hosts.  Will i come back. Hell yes
4	Love this hotel! my new fave :D
5	My favorite strip hotel hang out place.Favorite bars: Vesper: get the Manhattan or Sazerac. Chandelier: Butterfly and Cosmo. Make friends with the bartenders and they'll even make you their own special signature drinks.2nd floor west end area (where the have the conference ballrooms) great art display, from sculptures, to wall decors, and even the furniture. Where can I buy those, seriously?!Had friends visit Vegas couple times and stayed at the rooms. A defo must! Either a city view or fountain view - still a great view! Even the room decor and furniture are eye candy. Seriously, where can I buy those art works?!Restaurants? Holsteins: great but I'm not really a big fan of burgers. But great drinks. The secret pizza place? Well, you'll have to look for it and once you've found it, it's worth the search.
4	Beautiful hotel...well done up!The entire interior of the casino and lobby floors define what modern should look like and it definitely has a lot of class to it. The staff at the tables are great, the drinks are well made (vodka tonic tasted much better than what Venetian gives...smoother vodka for sure), and the feel of the entire place is "poppin."The shops here are great. Can't remember their names for the life of me, but you can outfit a lost piece of luggage at one of these shops and still look good for an entire weekend here just by one stop. It's on the same level as Marquee. Time not permitting...sadly...my friends recommended the Bon Bar (not sure if that's how it's spelled, can't find it on Yelp). Very small corner bar next to the front entrance of the casino floor....looked incredible! Definitely hitting that up next time.
3	Came back to Cosmopolitan in February to celebrate a Birthday. Had a one bedroom suite with soaking tub. Pictures on the internet looked cool, bathroom is weird! haha. I would most def recommend that room if you are traveling as a couple or if you are into watching people shower while you lay in bed...hey, Im not judging. ha. The shower has huge windows that look into the bedroom and over the tub there is no window..just some wood blinds/shutters. Nice sitting area with wet bar. Best part about the room was the closet area right outside the bathroom. Lots of mirrors, I like mirrors. haha. Once again, we did have an amazing view of the Bellagio fountains. I don't think I could stay in a room with a south facing view, I will say it is worth the upgraded price to get a fountain view. The other half of our party had a huge wraparound terrace suite...eh...nice room but the largest party of the room is the entryway. Room wise, I wasn't too impressed. If you are going to get a suite, get a terrace suite (not wraparound). That room is by far my favorite set up. Enough about room....Since we were celebrating a Birthday I called ahead of time to purchase an in room gift amenity. Super easy to order and the girl on the phone was really nice. I ordered the Birthday gift amenity so I wanted it to be delivered on the first night of our stay. Everything was set.We got to the Cosmo....and of course the gift was not delivered to the room. Since it was a busy night I didn't get a chance to call down until the next morning and of course they told me that they did in fact deliver the gift. Ya, no. No gift in room. They told me they would send the gift up ASAP. Six hours later, the Birthday girl did receive her gift (which was a nice gift). All was well until the next morning when they checked their bill upon check out and noticed they were charged for the gift on their room...after I already paid for the gift two weeks prior. We had to make numerous calls to get the charges dropped off their bill and it still wasn't confirmed until after we checked out. One of the Concierge was nice enough to call and let us know the charges where finally taken off the bill.  BLAHSo ya, I still like the Cosmo..there is no place on the strip like it but there are a few things they are lacking. I have faith they can fix the small things.
4	cool hotel.. very chic and modern.. it attracts a younger crowd.. lots of cool gadgets in the suites.. although it was rarely used as we were there for a bachelor party..
5	This hotel provided us the best view I've seen from the strip overlooking the fountain shows. The hotel was very trendy and high tech isn't even a good enough phrase to describe the ammenities. YOU must stay here if you want a great Vegas experience.
1	NEGATIVE STARS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I only put 1 star because yelp made me click on one before posting this -The worst experience I have EVER had in Las Vegas!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!The place was FILTHY!  Service (or lack thereof) was a huge issue. We were on the 30th+  floor - was as noisy as if we were one the 1st foor. Never EVER again!!!! Very very disappointed!!!!!!!
4	Nice hotel, decent buffet, staff was helpful, but drinks are pricey!The great thing about this place- it's a Marriot hotel, so my marriot points work here!Hopefully, we'll have more work functions at this hotel. It's a lot better and newer than some of the places on the strip :)
5	Excellent hotel in every way. I was visiting Las Vegas for work. I don't drink or gamble so it was all about the hotel-side of The Cosmopolitan for me. The front desk staff were excellent. I got upgraded to a beautiful mini-suite. Nicest hotel room I have ever stayed in. Everything was great about the visit. After some pretty bad experiences in LV casinos, this was all a very nice surprise.
4	House cleaning service could have been better. What happens in vegas stays in vegas.
4	Stayed mid week and lack of crowds was fantastic (check in was a breeze, check out by Friday morning was crowded as hell).  We were upgraded, but it sounds like everyone and their mother gets upgraded, which makes me question that actual value of the rooms.  We were in the wraparound terrace suite for two nights, and it was very nice and spacious, lots of hanging out areas, although I'm pretty low maintenance when it comes to hotels, so I'm not the harshest judge.  Balcony was really nice to hang out on; apparently, most hotels in Las Vegas do not have balconies.  While the view of the Bellagio fountains is nice, the fountain show every half an hour gets a bit annoying.  Luckily, the sliding doors were pretty sound proof (not entirely, but good enough).  We had a kitchen, which was a welcome touch, but there aren't any plates or pans, so you can't really cook anything.  We just used it to chill champagne and store leftovers.  I loved the layout and openness of the bathroom and bedroom suite.  I usually find hotel bathrooms claustrophobic and awkward, but the huge separate tub and shower and two sink areas was great.  There is another full bathroom in the hallway, so the lack of privacy isn't a big deal if you have guests over.Since it's one of the new kids on the block, it obviously appears tasteful and modern.  There are many choices of restaurants and bar areas, and it's right in the middle of the Strip across from the Miracle Mile shops, so the location was perfect -- easy bridge access to Planet Hollywood or City Center / Aria and easy street level access.  Didn't have any problems at all.
3	Stayed here over St. Patty's Day weekend with a girlfriend for a girl's weekend.  We normally stay at Harrah's properties for free but decided to switch it up when I got a comp offer for Cosmo which included a free room, $300 in food and $400 in free play.  Was not a huge fan of this place, even though the property itself is nice.  We had a resv for a terrace suite with 2 queen beds.  The lady who checked us in told me she was "upgrading" me to a terrace suite with a king bed.  Well, when I told her I should already have a terrace suite but with two queens (and I showed her the resv on paper from their resv dept) she told me that was impossible because the room didn't exist with queen beds.  I was very confused how that could happen and asked lots of questions!  A king bed with a pullout bed was not going to work for us ladies (I had just been to the chiropractor for a bad back/neck - wasn't sleeping on a pullout bed!!).  She kept insisting that there is not a terrace suite with 2 queen beds and then finally admitted that "ok,...there ARE terrace suites with queen beds, but there are none available right now".  Ok, well that's a different story!  So we ended up in a "regular" room, no terrace with a city view.  That was fine, although we were looking forward to the terrace suite and the experience.  Our room overlooked the Bellagio water show and was ok.   Ordered room service on our first AM in the room and the service was spectacular.  My friend had a hangover and mentioned it to the woman who set up our room service and she said she would take care of it with the bell desk.  Soon after, the bell desk called us and double checked we wanted some aspirin from the gift shop and indeed it was delivered like magic soon thereafter.  Very nice!This place is THE place for the clubbers and those in the 20 something age category,   So if this fits your likes, you are going to LOVE Cosmo.  I am not a clubber and beyond that age by 20 years now.  :-)  So on the weekend we saw lots of girls that looked like they had made their way over to this place in their hoochie mama dresses and stripper heels on fake id's.  That was interesting to walk through as we made our way to/from the casino and to/from our room.  Somewhat entertaining....We didn't get to experience much of this place, outside of the gift shop, lobby bar and some slot machines.  Not enough time during St. Patty's Day weekend.  It's definitely a beautiful place but I felt out of my "vibe" there.  I'll probably go back to staying elsewhere, upon my Vegas return.
4	Beautiful  casino and resort for a bachelor party. Stayed in a ridiculous 2 bedroom, 2.5 br suite, 1600 sqft! Rm 4453 during March Madness / St. Patrick's Day Weekend. Marquee is supposed to be awesome but the line is frustrating - I didn't go. When playing table games - drinks brought around are quality. Blackjack switch is featured here - great game. Didn't go to too many restaurants. Chandelier Bar is very cool and overall there are a ton of bars to frequent. Service is a bit confused here - but hopefully they figure out their kinks. Checkout process was a breeze and people were really friendly. Lots of good looking people in the casino - likely because it is new. Easy access to Belaggio and Planet Hollywood across the street. There was a strange "mall" feel from the third floor and second floor - but main floor is amazing. Lobby is super nice as is where cars pull up. Marriot hotel.
4	I would recommend this hotel to anyone heading to Vegas, for work, for a conference or just to go with friends/family!  Its new and hip but also very comfortable and has great priced rooms with awesome views (ask for Bellagio Fountain View).  My room was a standard room but was very large with two queen beds, a HUGE bathroom, nice balcony and a nice little living room area.  My coworker got upgraded to a suite which would make for a great room to get if you were throwing a bachelorette party or any type of party in your room.  It had a connector door too if you wanted one normal room with a party/suite room attached!  I also loved that the room elevators were right next to the lobby, its not like other hotels that make you walk through a maze with mile long hallways to get to your room.  Although they did have a 2nd tower that I guess you would have to take a short walk through the casino to get to those rooms. You can get Marriott Points when staying here, which is an added bonus!  Conference Facility:  We used one of their conference rooms at the hotel for our small group training, which was free to use when your group stays in the hotel, but you have to spend a minimum of $6000 on food, which was pretty easy to do with breakfast, snacks and lunches for 3 days.  The food was AMAZING for conference room food, I was really impressed and so were my coworkers.  I wish I had a larger stomach and could have eaten more of it.  We were definitely full the whole time, and the staff was super friendly and nice that served our group.  The bathrooms by the conference rooms were always clean and the conference rooms were always a comfortable temperature! Gym: I used the gym for 3 days while I was there and its a very nice hotel gym, with its own boxing ring!  I didn't see anyone in there boxing but it was pretty awesome that they had that and boxing bags in one room. They also had free weights, tons of cardio equipment and weight machines.  They even had a small room that offered classes or you could go in there and do your own workout when classes weren't going on.  Its $20/day or $50 for 3 consecutive day pass.Restaurants in Hotel:  There's a lot of great dining choices in the hotel itself.  The first night our group ate at China Poblano which was very good for small to medium size groups (we had 8). It had a mix of Mexican food and also Dim sum.  It was fun and the food was very tasty and unique.  We had drinks at the Chandelier Bar before dinner which is located right outside of the restaurant.  A few of us stayed out and ended up hitting up the Secret Pizza place which is right between the Sushi Restaurant and the glass elevator, its a long hallway that has no sign!  At the end of the hallway is amazing pizza by the slice and they're big slices!  The 2nd night we ate at Comme Ca which had really great French food and wines.  I recommend the cheese platter and the oyster risotto.  The last day there my coworker and I decided to try Wicked Spoon for lunch and we were SO HAPPY that we did.  Not only was the food amazing but there was such a fun selection.  The dessert bar alone is worth going for.  The price for brunch was very reasonable.  They had a very hip selection of food compared to other buffets.   It was such a broad selection of food that its hard to decide what to eat but would make any group happy, we almost wished we would have had one of our group dinners there even though the others were equally tasty but for the price you really do get a lot of bang for your buck!!Location: The hotel is located right next to the City Center and is connected by a short walkway to the new Crystals shopping center which also attaches to Aria.  The shops there are very pricey but there are also tons of restaurants.  It is also connected to another walkway that has the biggest Walgreen's I've ever seen.  So you can walk over and buy snacks/beer/wine/anything you think of that you might need for your room.My only complaint is that the bathroom smelled like wet dog in my room, I think the hotel is dog friendly (which I love dogs) but I just happened to have a room where a large dog must have been shut in the bathroom a lot.  My co-workers room didn't have any issues.They also have stupid rules about large parties over 8 in their restaurants.  You have to have a special prix fixe menu and they charge kind of ridiculous prices per person.  We ended up splitting our group of 16 at Comme Ca into two groups of 8 which worked out fine because the tables were right next to each other.   We wanted to give our group choices of their own dinner seeing as the conference food was picked for them so it was annoying that the large group dining was such a pain.  The reservation line that you use to make the dinner reservations also was not much help during the process!
5	most beautiful sexiest place i ever stayed at...chic luxury suites is wonderful n customer service is great....will always stay here...:)
4	The Cosmopolitan is geared towards young people, so it was the perfect choice for us as college seniors on spring break! We were upgraded for $50/night to a one-bedroom suite with a terrace overlooking the Bellagio fountains and Paris Las Vegas. Gorgeous suite with a huge living room and bathroom. The Wicked Spoon was fantastic for brunch. Few of us paid for drinks, but we were all served unlimited mimosas, champagne, and bloody marys. Both the Chandelier Bar and Bond Bar were beautiful. The theme of the hotel is basically pink and sparkly, which is exactly what I love. Each drink cost between $13-17, so pretty expensive. We also got drinks IN the jacuzzi by the Boulevard Pool!Since we were hotel guests, we were able to skip the line and get in for free at the Marquee! The best part was the huge patio/pool area which gives you a nice break from the cramped dance floor. The one thing they really need to work on is service in the hotel rooms. Losing 1 star because the mattress in the pull out bed smelled of urine and we weren't able to get anyone's attention that night even though we were told continuously that someone had been sent to take a look at it. They did give us a new mattress the next day, so it wasn't too awful.
4	What a beautiful hotel!  As you walk in you are given a glimpse of the Chandelier Bar which is a hip & styling bar/lounge located on 3 floors of the hotel.  You can access the floors in a glass elevator or use the escalators.  Although I didn't get to see much of the hotel on my trip out I did love the bar/lounge.  The Chandelier Bar closed at 4am which I find a bit early.  As we were leaving the hotel we had a late night snack craving and saw someone holding a box of pizza.  We found out there is a late night pizza joint open on the 3rd floor of the hotel.  The aroma as we entered the pizza place was amazing!  Unfortunately, due to the hunger nature of after clubbers, the line was way too long and the place was pretty small with not many workers.  I definitely need to go back & check this hotel out!  Maybe check out the Marquee Club next time!
1	The safe malfunctioned and it took three phone calls and over an hour for them to come up and fix it. I nearly missed my plane and no one even apologized. I emailed a letter to the hotel manager when I got home and received no response. Stay at the Bellagio and take the short walk to the Cosmo if you want to see the beautiful people -  don't gamble on staying at the Cosmopolitan!!!!PS: The carpet in the room was filthy, the trendy phone thingy and TV were hard to work, as were the weird faucets and blinds. They are clearly more concerned about form than function at this hotel.
5	Let me tell you,    It's very hard for me to give something 5stars but this hotel GETS IT!!!I got a free 2night stay in the mail and we decided to take it ,when we checked in we were given a very nice room but not what the mail said we were intiled to so my wife went back down stairs to ask for a suite that they had said we were going to get, and low and behold they bent over bacwards for use this hotels customer service is 105 percent above the regular hotels in Vegas and I've stayed in them all for the last 30years, even though my expertise is food I will rate everything       1....... Customer service 6 matza balls out of 5        2...... Food. 1 matza ball out of 5      3...... Gambling 3 matza ball out of 5     Food to expensive ,gambling average high end casino they must pay for there hotel I know that,,,,, and I want to give a big mazel to a employee name josh at the check in desk he went above and beyond to please us , THANXS COSMO well come back                   Your Jewish chef                      Kevin
2	I was not impressed and I dont know how other reviews have added up to a 4 star review.  Thats the same reveiw as the Venetian and Palazzo.  This hotel doesnt come close to what the Venetian offers in quality, service, flexibility, choices and comfort.  This is a trendy hotel that will play out in 3-5 years that chareges rediculous rates for just about anything.  Has poor shopping venues and bad concierge  service..really bad.  Could not get a good drink in any bar or restaurant.  They charge high!! prices for no alcohol.  I'm still trying to get a buzz from their drinks.  It is also a very young crowd..I dont know how this business model will survive. Our room view was nice overlooking the Bellagio Fountains and the room desings were nice.   But this hotel is in no way in the class with the better hotels in Vegas..its just new.  But you do not get value for what you pay.  I would not recommend..
5	My favorite hotel and casino on the strip.  This place has many of the best restaurants in town.  You have Milos, Wicked Spoon, E, and Secret Pizza.  The Chandelier bar is really cool also.  The casino floor is fairly small which I like cause it never seems dead in there.  You can't go wrong with this place.
3	i've pondered about this review for the longest time.  i'll be nice and go 3-stars.  my second stay here was definitely better than my first (where our room wasn't ready until 2 hours after we checked in).  yes, this is one of the newest hotels on the strip so everyone wants to stay here.  all the glitz...glam...bars...clubs.  yeah, it's all there.  but it's just all too snoody for me.  i don't like feeling out of place, and the cosmopolitan definitely makes me feel that way.  don't expect to find a table with less than a $25 minimum, even on off-peak hours.for such a nice hotel, it's strange to me that there aren't any high end shops here.  but it's connected to the crystals shopping court inside aria so maybe that's why.  the walk next door was pretty convenient.  the parking structure tells you how many spots there are on each level, and those red/green lights above each spot to tell you where the availability is.  pretty helpful.both times we stayed in the suites (aka terrace studio), which are pretty nice and spacious.  i'm sure the regular rooms are nice too.  i'm just glad both trips were free.  i wouldn't pay (or allow anyone i'm with to pay) to stay here.psst....go find the secret pizza place (open late night only) on the 3rd floor next to the pool tables.  the line was uber long so we didn't try it, but i'm kinda curious how it tastes.  though i guess that late at night, when everyone's drunk, anything tastes good.
4	Lets start with this statement: I think this is a nice hotel.HOWEVER, a regular of the Wynn, Aria, Bellagio, and even Venetian, this place feels like its trying to be something its not. The clientele is a bit trashier, the service is a bit less warm, and the food selection isn't as robust as the others that I've mentioned. The best thing about this hotel are the balcony-equipped rooms, although not all rooms have balconies. I felt the beds are as nice as the Wynn's which are my favorite beds. Their suites are also much more comfortable than the regular rooms.Their toiletries that come with the room are also top notch. This hotel definitely has a boutiquey feel. Their crowd is a bit younger and I hear their club, marquee, is the hottest club in Vegas at the moment, but it still feels like a hotel that is trying too hard to be hip, a second rate hotel masquarading as top notch one.So, my final diagnostic is that its a nice hotel, but if you're looking for a classier crowd in a place that pays attention to the details, the Wynn is where I'd recommend.
3	I have been wanting to stay here for a long time to see what all the fuss is about. Not only has this been the hotel in Vegas that everyone is talking about since it opened but they also run commercials for it constantly and I am easily influenced by brainwashing commercialism. I am glad that I stayed there on a recent trip to Las Vegas with my husband, if only to satisfy my curiosity, but I don't think we will stay there again. I wouldn't rule it out for a bachelorette or b-day party, though. It is more suited to a party weekend with friends than a relaxing getaway for a couple.The room was really nice. A little more homey and not as luxurious compared to what I was expecting. We were in a one bedroom suite which was very spacious. It had a large "living room" with a couch and a desk and another TV as well as a little kitchen. I really loved the bathroom. It had a nice big shower and a deep soaking tub. The best part of our room was the awesome view directly overlooking the Bellagio fountains. It is pretty rare to get a balcony at a Vegas hotel, never mind one large enough to hold actual patio furniture. We sat out there and watched the water show. It was interesting that there were little vintage chic touches to make the place look old fashioned but yet it was very modern at the same time. It was fun controlling the a/c and the lights thru the TV the first day or so but that got old fast.Overall it's a great property, but somehow we just didn't feel comfortable there. It's like the place was designed to make you feel as if only the very trendy, very hip people go there. It is so hyped up that even though it is exciting at first, it becomes obnoxious after a while. We saw people lining up at eight o'clock to get into the club, which opens at ten. So you mean those girls are going to stand around in their micro minis and painfully high shoes for two whole hours?! You couldn't pay me to do that. So that, in a nutshell, is my problem with The Cosmopolitan, they are just trying way too hard to be cool. The sad part is, that it actually is a really cool place when taken in small doses. But put it all together and it is way too much. So what makes this place so cool, you ask? Well, hmm, its hard to explain. Sort of like the matrix, you can not be told, you have to see it for yourself. But here are some of the cool things about this place that I saw or experienced during our stay, in no particular order.Six foot tall high-heel shoesAlcoholic milkshakes at the burger jointDancing flowers by the front deskBar inside of a giant chandelierFoosball table and big screen tvs outside by the 4th floor poolBoxing ring in the fitness centerSteampunk miniatures by the 4th floor conference roomsPool table in the 3rd floor lobbyFrida Khalo in the Chinese restaurantPoolside cabanas overlooking the stripWall of antique sewing machinesPerformance art in a glass roomFoodie gift shop
4	This is my second time staying at this hotel.The rooms are amazing, very spacious, modern. One great plus is most rooms come with a balcony, which is a rarity in Las Vegas.A very modern hotel.It is the new it place to be.the reason why I can't give it 5 stars is the size of the casino and that it does not have a poker room.The staff could be a little more friendly and seem to care about your needs.The new IN place to be.I will be back soon.
5	amazing hotel!!! My new place to stay when I go to Vegas. Fantastic rooms! Its all about the one bedroom suite with the japanese soak tub! Amazingly friendly and helpful staff and fantastic food! Only place I gambled in the whole time. Don't miss out on the chandelier bar, great drinks, incredible atmosphere and a great place to have a date.
4	Enjoyed my girls weekend trip. Second time coming here but first time actually staying here. First impression of the hotel is that it is for the young at heart. If you're planning to stay here for a family vacation, you're better staying at another hotel. Lots of young folks everywhere so if you don't want to hear music blaring at all hours of the day throughout the hotel or don't want the little ones to see women in their 6-inch heels, boobs hanging out, or asses hanging out- you're better off at Excalibur or Circus Circus.Anyhow, the rooms are very modern. There's a big balcony, gorgeous tiled shower, big jet bathtub, & spacious two sink counter--& with five girls staying together we were very comfortable. Aside from the mini bar & mini frig, there was also a microwave & dishwasher. Although we didn't use the dishwasher, the microwave did come in handy.I also enjoyed my time at the 4th floor pool. Back & forth chillin on the patio chairs & in the pool, drinking my frozen alcoholic drink while enjoying the Las Vegas sun. Beware of ordering food however, it takes forever! So either eat before you come to the pool or be very patient.Don't forget to stop by the big chandelier to take pictures--I don't know how many pictures we took. There's also a bar so just chill there while waiting for Club Marquee to open.Every genre of music at Club Marquee. No one will feel left out! There are also lots of tables & cabanas for bottle service. It gets packed quick so girls beware of wearing those 6 inch spikes-the only time you get to sit down is if you have a table to crash at.Don't forget to eat at the buffet called The Wicked Spoon. Ate there for brunch and I really enjoyed my made to order omelet and my ready to build lox bagel. There are also other restaurants throughout the hotel. However, don't forget to eat at Holsteins. It's a pretty good burger joint. Milkshakes for the kids and you can also add alcohol for the adults. Not too hungry for an 8 or 16 ounce burger? No problem, they also serve tiny burgers which is a great little snack before the club. They come in three's so it's always good to share. Overall my experience at The Cosmopolitan was a pleasant one. Heard the customer service isn't that great but luckily I didn't experience any of that this past weekend. On my next Vegas getaway I will consider staying here again.
2	A little over a year ago we stopped by this hotel one night to gamble and have some drinks.  I think the hotel had only been open a few months and was not very busy.  We had SO much fun.  The ambiance was cool and the hotel/resort wasn't full of itself quite yet.  The people that worked there were so nice.  We decided next time around we would love to stay there.  We recently visited again for my hubby's 30th birthday.  First - the place is SO busy... almost too busy to the point where they haven't figured out how to handle it.  It took an hour to check in ( we were at the front desk by 3pm) and then another hour until our room was ready.  Upon check in we were asked if we wanted to upgrade our wrap around terrace suite with a view of the bellagio fountains for another $175 a night.  No thanks, no big deal.  Well, after waiting FOREVER for our room and then getting to it, we found that we were staring at a concrete wall on one whole side of our wrapround balcony and on the other side, a parking garage.  We did have an OK view of the bellagio and the palms in the far corner. Anyway, I did not pay $650 a night to stare at a concrete wall.  I called the front desk and complained and they claimed no one has ever complained about this room. WHAT? REALLY? Who builds a wraparound suite (only one level price wise down from their penthouses) that is completely blocked by a concrete wall?  On a high note, we could climb onto the roof from our balcony and actually onto the very top of the hotel.  Liability anyone?  I gave it up and had some drinks and got over it.  I was more angry that they didn't offer a dinner voucher, or something else to make me smile since we paid quite a bit for the room and weren't happy.  I may pursue a little further now that I'm home and look for some sort of refund.  The room was a good size but was nothing super special.  Was more homey & not like a trendy Vegas room.  My hubby is in the civil/architectural engineering business and can always tell when the cheaper way out has been taken and he was constantly pointing out things that could have been done better.  The bed was really comfy.  I've stayed in cooler rooms at The Hard Rock HRH towers, the Encore & the Palazzo.  We had a kitchen, but it had absolutely nothing in any of the cabinets.  Not a spoon or a fork to be found.  Luckily I had done grocery delivery and had some cutlery in my order.  I wanted to make cupcakes for a late night snack for my hubby's birthday and I had to use the ice bucket to mix the batter.  What made me really angry is that there is NO iPhone/iPod dock.  EVERY other room I've ever stayed at in Vegas has had one (complimentary).  At the cosmo, they make you pay for a special connector... seriously?  They provided Satellite music but I don't feel like listening to the same 20 songs all weekend.  I have Spotify on my phone and had made a dance playlist just for this weekend.  So lame.The pool was cool. Good drinks, fun ambiance. It was positioned so by the late afternoon when it's the warmest in Vegas, the building completely blocked the sun and so it got pretty cold.  Probably during the summer it will be no biggie, since it's always hot.  There are pool tables and stuff by the pool and a good sized hot tub for the windy day we were there.I thought the buffet was good, but it was only my second one in Vegas.  The guys we were with were disappointed in it and the selection.  We ate at Holsteins twice and it was yummy... the shakes were to die for.Overall, it's a nice hotel with really good looking people.  Usually when we stay at a hotel we just kind of camp out there the whole weekend.. at the pool or casino or the clubs.  The casino was OK, the pool was fun, there was no way we were waiting in the 3 hour line to get into Marquee (or paying the 3K for bottle service to avoid the line).  This trip, we were across the street at Planet Hollywood where our friends were staying, at the Wynn/Encore for the clubs and bars there or at the Bellagio.I've stayed at Mandalay, theHotel, Hard Rock, Luxor, Encore, the Palazzo, Monte Carlo and now the Cosmpolitan.  I think this is the first time I didn't think I got my money's worth.  Maybe we are old or something, but next time we definitely will be staying at the Wynn or Encore.  The Cosmo is the "IN" place but honestly, I don't think it has the staying power.  Give it a couple of years...
4	This hotel is R-O-C-K-I-N'!!!!!!  The restaurants (you have to go to STK - see my review) are amazing, the clubs (do what you have to do to get into the Marquee) are insane, and the gorgeous people are, well, gorgeous.  The sheer amount of hot women that walk through this hotel/casino is ridiculous.  Every where you turn there is another one.  I give it 4 stars because I've never actually stayed in one of their rooms.  So i cant give it 5 stars.  but if their rooms and room service are anything like their eateries, clubs, and clientele, then I'm sure this place would get a 5 star rating!  Did I mention the plethora of hot women?!?!?  You gotta check out the giant chandelier.  when i say giant, i mean GIANT!.  it takes up almost the entire side of the floor.  you can actually hang out in it and order a drink in the bar that is in the chandelier.  its hard to explain, trust me, just go.
5	"What are you doing next weekend?" he said the morning after that fateful first date."I'm not sure, why?""I'm going to Vegas.  Want to go?"This may very well be the precursor to a happily ever after (or so the movie version would have you think).  Once upon what feels like a lifetime ago, but wasn't long at all, I got asked to be taken here and pampered until he hoped I would fall in love with him.  And that he did.  (Before I got there even.)It was my first time in Vegas.  I had no idea what I was to expect.  Anticipation and nervousness filled my soul as I clicked confirm on that ticket just 2 days after he asked me.  After only a few days of knowing him.He was there already when I arrived Sunday.  But when I arrived, it was... out of a fairytale.My handsome gent greeted me in the most elegant, decadent, sophisticated hotel I'd ever seen.  Chandeliers cover the hotel interior.  It's plush.  It's swank.  It's the trendiest place these days on the strip.And now my experience for Vegas trips afterwards is forever tainted... having had THE best of the best with a most fantastic view of the city with one of the most handsome men I have ever had the pleasure of dating.Luck be the lady that goes here with a gent!
3	First time at this hotel and location on the strip.  It was so sterile.  The rooms were beautiful and especially the deck overlooking the Bellagio Lake BUT it was too electronic...everything.  The casino was also small, low-key and high table limits.  We liked it BUT will not stay again.  Back to Venetian, Palazzo, Bellagio or Wynn.  The hotel/casino club is sooooo difficult to understand and figure out you just have to forget it.  It could be a much simpler application and process!  Oh, not a regular feeling Marriott managed location either.  Our platinum upgrades cost us over $50/night.
5	The Cosmo is swank and posh and I love it. The rooms are fantastic and the location is perfect. The valet and parking garage are very accessible. There is human security at the elevators, but keycards ARE required.
5	Gorgeous, trendy, flashy, beautiful hotel. Feels like a new Vegas inside. The hotels around should update their game to keep up with the Cosmopolitan. lol Definitely visit at least once but if you like old vegas then don't.
4	This is now my favorite hotel in Vegas! I stayed here twice early last year and fell in love. This place is a fresh change from the older themed hotels and has some fabulous restaurants (see my other reviews of Scarpetta and Holstein's). We put the concierge to the test upon our arrival as one of my trips was on Valentine's Day and we arrived without dinner plans. The concierge successfully booked us tickets to Zumanity and reservations for Scarpetta without any problems and we had a fabulous evening. What about the rooms you ask? Awesome. We were upgraded to one of the rooms with a kitchen and balcony with a view of the strip. They even have corner rooms available with views of the Bellagio fountains. Definitely the trendiest new hotel on the strip in my opinion. The only reason I'm not giving them five stars is because I think they still had some kinks to work out, but that's to be expected with a new property. I'll definitely be coming back to this property for many more visits.
5	Gambling 101 at the cosmoAsk member services about their lose 100 get 100 credit back. Basically my gf and I gambled all day and had fun. We didn't win overall but for $30 bucks we got entertainment for the whole day, free drinks, and a free buffet. This place ROCKS. Plus they have this awesome little cell phone cleaner that takes advantage of technology that the rest of the world seems to negate lol.
4	This a little shy of a 4 only because the lights kept going out in our room. We had the terrace sweet and when we first entered the light to the room where the toilet is would not turn on. Finally someone came to fix it. Then we came back from clubbing to find that the bathroom light wouldn't turn on... Irritating. Other than that the hotel is amazing. The decor is modern and a tad eclectic. There are good choices for restaurants and the rooms, aside from the broken lights, are gorgeous... I really like the parking structure  because the spots tell you what's open and what's not (I appreciate the little things in life) the dealers are super nice! I'm a gambling noob so it was great that our dealer took the time to explain the etiquette going into playing at the tables.They also gave us a free $5 when we joined their identity membership cards...
5	Amazing hotel!   One of the best I've ever stayed in.   Great staff and amazing restaurants.   Only down side was i had a light out in my room which they promptly fixed.
5	Classy, chic, and over the top. Cosmopolitan has brought a new Vegas standard to the table... Been here several times..mostly to go to Marquee. It's beautiful. Even if you aren't planning on staying here, I definitely recommend taking a walk through Cosmo if you have the time. It's definitely a treat for the eyes.
5	AMAZING! This hotel went beyond all of our expectations!  We arrived, late, nearly midnight I would say.  We went to the registration desk to check-in and found out our room was not ready because they thought we were a no show.  To compensate they immediately gave us a $50 food and beverage credit.  The lady checking us in then gave us a room with a view of the Bellagio water show which we thought was pretty cool.  On our way up they called us back and told us they upgraded us to a balcony studio room/suite on the 58th floor. This room was AMAZING and the view was even better than the first room!  Saturday morning we came back from Vanity and ordered room service, we were able to get a huge pizza for only $26. That is awesome for room service, considering that the following night my friend ordered a $40 hamburger HA!  Overall, we got a fantastic deal and paid about a third of what those rooms are going for now!  * There were two things that I disliked, one was the TV would not shut off and was blaring all night long. My friend did not want to bother engineering and ended up eventually unplugging it. * And the other was there was always a long wait time when calling room service and concierge.Other than those two items the Cosmo is amazing!
2	I'm not a big fan of the COSMO.  Marquee may be the place to be, however, everything else there is mediocre.  For example, while playing craps, I rolled a nine.  One dealer put the point on the nine, while, the other dealer put the point on the five.  So my friend and I informed the moron that the point was on nine.  After waiting three minutes to confirm, they let me roll.  Sadly, to say, I rolled a seven.  The sportsbook isn't that great.  The room is nice, but, I do not like the fact that I have to use my keycard to access going up the floors.  Sometimes, the key reader does not work.  In conclusion, I would never stay at the COSMO.  I'd prefer the MGM properties over the COSMO.
2	Our room was awesome and our stay was great.  Until check out.  That's when they tried to upcharge me in such an obvious way.My friend works here and hooked my wife and I up with a Terrace Studio with a Balcony and Fountain View.  It was awesome.  Especially because it was only $130 per night for the two nights.  She made the reservation and I called to confirm it  and to change the night because my daughter was sick.  Sure enough, the lady on the phone said the price was right and they charged my debit for the first night.When we checked in I told the lady to switch it to my credit card.  Later that day I see a $445 charge on my debit.  What the heck?  I called the front desk and they said it would be taken care of.  Then I see a $9 charge from the mini bar because I moved a bottle.  Come on!  The Cosmo is beautiful, blah blah blah.  Everyone knows it and we actually go here a fair amount (we just had a baby so that means once every couple months) to eat with our out of town guests.And then we went to check out.  The fella at the desk told me I owed $332 after the $145.  What the What?  I explained the employee situation and he told me it doesn't exist.  He went onto tell me that when I changed the reservation the rates changed to $220 a night.  I explained it again, very calmly.  No go.  I got heated and let a few expletives slip.  He called his manager and they fixed it.  Just goes to show you you don't get anywhere being nice.  I hate when people/places try to blatantly screw you.  My friend said they do it all the time.  Will never stay here again.  I'll opt for somewhere more honest.   My house.
2	I really wanted to like this place, I've heard its beautiful. Well beautiful it is, but considering how new the place is, the cleanliness is a big factor. We checked in on a friday night and upon arrival on which we upgraded to a balcony room, i step onto the balcony and there is garbage on it, clearly was not even looked over during cleaning, which makes me wonder what else was looked over. There was old food in the refrigerator, and the room was a little dusty. I was willing to overlook all of that, but then saturday we went down to the pool, left the room at 9:30 and returned at 5:30 and the room had not been touched despite the "please service our room" tag on the outside of the door. There were many little details that the hotel should try and straighten up, it's those little things that make a big difference. I did like the hotel overall and would be willing to give it another shot, maybe they were short staffed, but cleanliness was a major issue.
5	I LOVE this place. Crazy pricey rooms, but worth it if you share with tons of friends! The sparklies and glitteries and beautiful decor makes me giggle with delight! Oh, and did I mention the #1 club in the nation is here? MARQUEE!! This is a girl's dream...giant gorgeous heel statues, popular late night pizza place and other restaurants...spa/fitness center is beautiful...I really don't have anything bad to say about this place aside from the CHA-CHING! (Price). My favorite hotel on the entire strip!
5	When I'm gambling/hanging out at the Cosmo, I feel like I actually amounted to something in life. Rest assured, I haven't, but I feel like it. Cosmo gives me hopes and dreams like Disney used to give me as a young padawan. A bunch of MILFs loaded with their old wrinkly hubby's money just hangin' around. I could get used to this lifestyle. Yup, I really think I could. Hmmm....
5	Love love love this hotel! Have stayed there twice and cant wait to go back! The rooms are beautifully decorated with awesome bathrooms and dont forget the badass terrace with the kickass views! The food at the cosmo is great too! Holstiens- best burger on the strip, maybe of my life. I could eat there everyday when in vegas! They grind thier own beef and have great fries. Also great service. China pablano- tacos and dim sum. Heaven? I think so. Small plates and good for sharing with the table. Hint: have a cocktail in your hand? even a red cup from your hotel room? They let you in with it!
4	We went for my husband's 30th birthday and I must say this was by far one of the best experinces I have ever had.  I loved the decor of the hotel, the ambiance, the food, the casino, and I loved that the waitresses kept the drinks coming when I was gambling.  The only ripoff was the Club Marquee, it was way overpriced and you could not sit down unless you got bottle service.  I could only last an hour before my feet in my 5 inch heels were screaming.  I say skip the club and hang out in the casino, the spa, and hit their buffet.  I was also able to book my husband a boxing lesson in the gym at the last minute as his birthday present, after the boxing lesson we were able to use the spa services all day at no additional charge. I am defintely going back. It was a great time at the Cosmo, no other hotels really compare.
3	The best way I can describe The Cosmopolitan is inconsistent.The highs...The cool modern decor.  The free shows at the Book and Stage.  The Chandelier bar.The lows...The inconsistent service, bordering on rude. The lack of focus on the details, I will explain.We had never stayed at the Cosmo before, we had only gambled there a couple times.  We go to Vegas a lot (maybe every 2 to 3 months and pretty much always have free rooms at the Palazzo/Venetian since we are Platinum grazie members.  Yes, I gamble way too much  ; )We got an offer from the Cosmopolitan to stay free for a couple nights and while I felt like I was cheating on the Palazzo I gave them a try.  I really loved the feel there and it definitely extends up to their rooms.  We had a great room with a terrace overlooking the strip.  The room was on par with the level of the Palazzo/Venetian and we enjoyed all the cool features.Were they go wrong is with some of their staff and the details through the hotel.  To start some of the cocktail service staff was just inconsistent and seemed really not to care to make the customer happy.  While I'm throwing my money away on their slots, that never payed off, I at least want a drink without an attitude.  I always felt I was inconveniencing them when I asked for a drink.  Now maybe they were still tired from the late night stripper gig, but not my problem.The other miss was it seemed they were often not properly staffed.  From some of the restaurants to the bathroom conditions on the main floor of the casino.  I would expect more from a top level hotel in LV, especially with all the competition to get my gambling dollars.Now the sad thing is I got an another offer for a couple nights and $150 in slot credit and I'm not sure if I'm going to use it. I'm probably back to to my old faithful. Flings are usually just that...may be exciting at the beginning but when digging into the details is when you realize it is not meant to be. Also, the $500 in slot credit from the Palazzo helped twist my arm. : )If you are there for a night at the club, drinks at a bar, or even some of the restaurants you will have a great time but staying for multiple days may expose some of their holes.
5	just stop in and check it out.  Then go up to the 2nd floor and get a burger you will not be disappointed
5	Great music and drinks. Try the passion float. Yummy!!! The shakes are delish!!!
1	If you're thinking about staying at the Cosmopolitan, think again. Billing itself as the newest hotel in Vegas, it's got the look and feel of a $15.00 per day motel. I'll elaborate in a bit, first my list of what is so wrong with the Cosmopolitan.WRONG LIST Staff, every single one could use a basic course in common courtesy and essential service. From the desk clerk at check-in to the arrogant, morons answering phones for their Business Center or the "Beck & Call" not one person had any kind of answer to several rudimentary questions, including confirming a package delivery two days earlier. The Desk clerk at check-in was a douche bag, a hole that came across like we were interrupting his day.Housekeeping Staff, 51st floor where are you? A four day stay and not once did these incompetents (if they actually exist) come to clean my room, change towels or bedding, empty trash containers or wipe down one square inch of counter space, floors, etc.Cosmo charges for Wi-Fi on a daily basis and limits you to two devices, if you've got more; shell out another $15.00 per day. However, you'll be lucky to find either the Wi-Fi or the internet (via Ethernet connection) working. The technology services were almost nonexistent. Maybe Housekeeping manages the IT at this dump.My room's floor to ceiling exterior glass was filthy, wash the windows.The rooms carpet looked 20 years old, was stained, smelled and was covers with rust spots from the cheap, cheesy euro-trash furnishings. Doors were worn, painted surfaces showed primer from overuse, gouges, scratches and grim were evident everywhere.The Samsung flat screen offered NO HD TV and the hotels satellite signal is so bad you get that scrambled digitizes rain fade signal on every channel, at any hour of the day. I expect the fix is a coat hanger and tin foil.The sinks faucets were installed incorrectly and turn off & on contrary to what any of us would expect, that shows the lack of attention to detail that permeates "Vegas' newest hotel".The casino layout is haphazard, slots of all denominations are scattered, table games are set up along circulation without any buffer for players, so hang onto your wallet or pursue. I make the latter point because Security at the Cosmo SUCKS. In four days I spoke to at least half a dozen guests that were ripped off in the casino floor, elevator and retail area by pick pockets.The retail shops offer no national or international brands. Marginal merchandise and clerks that seemingly pumped gas before getting their store assignments.The restaurants, with the exception of Holsteins aren't even marginal; each is too expensive and the menus need complete overhauls, including Jose Andres Mexican Asian combo concept CHINA POBLANO, it was HORRIBLE.The decor in the common areas is dark wood, poor lighting an 80's look and feel that is depressing. Cosmo should have fired the interior designer as that person was blind and had no taste. These area's entire are filled with an acoustic attack that even a hip hop fan would find obnoxious. The sound system is poorly conceived and executed and; the musically selections have no particular theme, genre or for that matter rational thought.The Cosmo is catering to a clientele that is very young, cheap, doesn't gamble and brings in cases of beer and vodka, orders delivery pizza and will never patronize any of its restaurants.Getting a taxi on the side street type main entry is "hit & miss" at best. The bellmen are clueless and have no sense of urgency or service. When departing yesterday (Sunday, 04.15.2012) several other guest waiting in a line of 90-100 people ignored the bellman's suggested cost for a town car and negotiated with the driver directly at a far better price per person to the airport. Because there were NO taxis' and the trickle of taxis coming to the Cosmo is insufficient to provide nominally marginal service to Cosmo guests.I will never stay at the Cosmopolitan again. No value, no fun, no food worth eating, no service, no courtesy, no ambiance and no redeemable value as a hotel, resort or casino. Save your money, sleep on the street or at Blair House, it's cleaner. Unique Qualities: There are none. You pay too much, for nothing.
5	This place totally reminds me of the TOWER of TERROR! It is darkened, cool screened pillars upon entering, the decor resembles old times and going into the club at the Cosmo...a woman brought us up or down ( can't remember) and gave us a little spiel about what to except just like the ride!The room we had had an AWESOME view of the strip, es pecially the Bellagio fountains! We probably saw the water show 10 times! We played our own music :) The room is super nice and spacious! The beds were so comfy and fluffy!! I love the compemporary decor and the bathroom was nice and huge, fit for many girls. The only WEIRD part was there is a blind for the shower window OUTSIDE of the room so everyone can see you showering if you don't close it. I mean, I know it's Vegas but...that's just weird if you're with friends. I would have shoved my foot up someone's butt if they opened it. Asking for new towels and all was easy and efficient too.We also visited the pool area which was beautiful! There were pool and fooz ball tables, tons of chairs, and a beautiful pool area, shallow and deep. Towels available.We also tested out WICKED SPOON. 1 star for that. We went for a $40 brunch and the food was cold and pretty flavorless. That'll be my next review...Overall, loved the hotel experience and enjoyoed my stay!Cosmo...you are out of this world!
5	I was at The Cosmo. only to see The Shins outside at their pool, for the Summer Concert Series. The Building in general is SO beautiful! I hope i get to stay there for a while next time I head to Vegas, Everything is very intimate but with an ultra modern twist.  . . like an I phone that works by candlelight. As a Venue it was AMAZING! they emptied out the larger pool and had a big stage so no matter where you stood you had a good spot since the floor was slanted, the fancy customers got to chill on an upper level.For us pe-ons down below, there was 2 bars. One huge one and small side one . .  my whiskey coke tapped me out at 12$, so needless to say i waited to get my second drink outside of the show. The big screen that they usually play their deals and premier services on was used to show the band playing, that was pretty bad ass. It was also lightly raining so the flurries of the rain looked so cool while the band was playing. . . anyway great venue. hope to go again!
3	This Hotel is very nice looking and has some great rooms :) We had 2 rooms 1 room was great the other not so much it was dirty and not just alittle bit.The room had blood on the walls along with what looked like someone left urine in a few places.The place lacks customer service!!!!!They could not find our rooms when we got there so we waited and waited. Then we had to stay in a dirty room until morning. Then we go check out to wait some more.We get a new room and it was fine but the waiting was not nice. The next day we go to check out and guess what WAIT some more!!! They offered us NOTHING!!!! GO Somewhere else unless you just like to wait....
4	This is by far my favorite hotel in Vegas.  I've walked through the Cosmo a few times to get to Marquee, but this past trip was my first time staying at the hotel.  We had an awesome two bedroom suite with a gorgeous view of the strip.  One room had a king and the other one had two queens.  There was a huge bathroom in each bedroom with a half bath in the hallway.  Loved, loved, LOVED our suite!There are also a variety of dining options in the hotel, so you can satisfy all your cravings.  There's pizza, Chinese/Mexican, steak, Spanish tapas, a buffet, and plenty more.  We ended up at Henry's a few times for late night/early morning eats.  Holsteins Shakes and Buns was also another good spot for burgers.I was able to see the pool from my room, but unfortunately, the temperature dropped when we flew in and it was a tad too chilly to work on my tan.  Instead, I spent my time in the casino......losing, losing, winning, then losing my money.  Fun times nonetheless.   One of the perks of staying at the Cosmo.  Hotel guests can get into Marquee for free on Friday nights....2 guests per room key.  Can't wait to come back again!
3	With all the hype about the Cosmopolitain, we were really hoping for something way wonderful.  We stayed here overnight, on the way north from Spring Training.Arrived on a Saturday at 3:30 pm, to about 40 people waiting to check in, and none looking very happy.  Hmmmm, not a good sign.  When we got to the desk, in 20 minutes, we were told our room wasn't ready.  Say, whaaaat?  The desk kid was very apologetic, embarassed, contrite.  All the things you'd expect after catching a puppy peeing on the floor.  But that didn't help us with a room.  He suggested we go have some dinner and wait for our room.  'scuz me, but we just spent 8 hours in a car.  I wanted a shower, and to relax before we hit the casino and out for the night.  He told us it should be less that TWO HOURS till our room was ready.  (!!!!!)So we headed for the closest bar and grabbed a couple drinks.  Happily, our room was ready in less than an hour.  We got to our room, called for our luggage and waited 40 more minutes for it to arrive.......The room was nice, airy and clean.  The bath very well-appointed and comfy.  Dual shower-heads, big tub.  If you don't want to watch someone in the shower, close the blinds.The "kitchen" space consists of a Nazi-style snack bar and mini-fridge, all full of stuff you'll get charged for if you fondle.  Fair enough, but what if you actually bring in your own cherished bottle of wine or Blue Label?  There's not enough room for a toothpick, much less a six-pack.I fear that in the rush to be edgy and provocative, the management forgot that actual comfort may be welcomed.  There's a great balcony, overlooking the Bellagio and the strip.  An excellent place to relax a bit and watch the evening come up.  But there's only one small lounge to sit in.  What if you're there with another person or two, they supposed to sit on the pavement or take turns?  And, there's not a comfy chair to be had.  Sigh.When we checked out, we called to get our bags brought down.  No one was availiable to do that - at 0800 on a Sunday?  i think we were the only ones awake then on the property.One final thing - when we checked out, we found that a $600 charge had been put on our card as a deposit.  Without telling us.  I can see $100 or so, we may have raided the mini-bar or something, but $600?   Ridiculous.Staff was all uniformly welcoming, helpful and professional.  Great people watching, and enough interesting stuff on-property to keep you there all weekend.  But it's a bit like hoping your screw-up of a little brother has his act together, but knowing he doesn't.After being open over a year, the bugs should be better worked out with staffing.  It's just not a good thing to piss off your customers when they first check in.  And from previous Yelps, this seems to be an on-going problem.  I'd go back there again, but not for a while.  In the mean time, we'll be at the Trump.  The rooms are amazing and the service impeccable.
4	This is a hip place.  The decoration of The Cosmopolitan is modern and sleek and oozes modern sex appeal.  A great place to grab a drink or dinner or dance. I didn't stay here and probably wouldn't.  I'll come for the other amenities. This is a GREAT place to people watch!
4	Nice place but our king sized bed sagged in the middle and hurt my back. Then there was only one small trash can for the entire suite. The mini bar/fridge system was too sensitive and we were charged even though we spoke to three people who said that they wouldn't charge us since we didn't consume anything.
1	I wished they had 0 stars because this place doesn't even deserve a 1 Thanks for ruinin my big 2-1 Checkin was a bit slow and they told us that we don't get a deal for marquee even though we stayed there btw it was a lie cause I got in for freeStayed at the wraparound suite and yeah it was pretty but everything was dusty The bath I wouldn't even want to dip my feet in thereSo got to the room the remote control for the television hardly even worked Checked the fridge and there was already a yoohoo goneThe dining table was sticky it looked like someone threw up in the bathroom areaFor the whole weekend I had the do not disturb sign out and on Saturday they came in anyways talk about rude and invasion of privacyTheir plumbing sucks too.. I peed.. wiped my down there ...flushed once and it clogged... Seriously? I peed and it clogged After we called for the plumber to come they fixed it after 30 minutesDuring check out guess what? They charged us $250 for damages.. Really? Come on your a resort in Vegas and youre going to charge $250 for using a plunger I could've just paid $2.00 for my own plunger at cvs not only that they charged 56. Something for using the minibar and i did not remove anything or touched it After calling the Lobby a guy supervisor said that they wouldn't charge for the minibar and that the housekeeping supervisor would come and check for the damages After coming the supervisor said everything was clear and that she would call and tell them not to charge So.. I thought I wasn't going to be chafed anything and saw $250 on my transaction and the next day $56 on it they didnt even take anything offAfter calling many times I finally got through The first time I called they told me that it was because we damaged something I told them that the housekeeping supervisor called them that it was clear they told me that they didn't receive a call which angered me they forwarded the call to the person who made the report and they didn't pick up (not a surprise) I left a voicemail to tell them to call me back never got a call back (a week later still no call) yeah called again and now they tell me that it was a housekeeping charge really now who has ever gotten charged for house keeping when you had a do not disturb sign out -.-Kept fighting and they told me that they were going to get to supervisor which would call on Friday and still no callThis is some bs charging me 300+ and ignoring and also making different charges and so far I still have the charges And yes they still didn't call me back time to call the AGAIN -.-This is a warning don't ever come to this resortand just repeating thanks... for ruing my 21st birthday
4	I think this hotel is fantastic. I won't stay anywhere else now. However there was a problem this time. They call themselves a "non smoking hotel". Yet when I walked into the first room they tried to give me it smell Ed like smoke in the hallway and as we came into our room. The table had a cigarette burn on the table, the windows were filthy and it looked dirty. I felt they tried to pawn off that room on us. We didn't accept it. The next room we got still smelled like smoke in the hall but not so much in the room. I don't understand why you would smoke in your room when you have 3 patios to smoke on. Even though it's a "non smoking hotel. Better come to this hotel now. In 3 years this hotel will be run down like some of the other nice hotels. People just can't respect other people's property. Wicked Spoon buffet is the best in Vegas!
5	In my opinion, the Cosmopolitan is definitely the hottest place on the strip right now.  It has all the coolest restaurants, awesome decor and a great location.  The real reason I'm giving it 5 stars, though, is the fact that my room had a balcony.I spend at least 2 months of my year in Vegas for work.  Usually, I'm confined to meeting rooms with no windows all day before I retire to my room only to gaze out of my tinted window at a beautiful view of a rooftop.  It's not the view that bothers me, it's that I can go days without breathing fresh air.This time around, I was only at the Cosmo for 3 days.  Unlike usual, though, I wish I could have stayed longer.  My room was beautiful, comfortable, and that balcony made me feel human after a long day's work.  I swear, I probably spent most of my time just sitting out there.I realize that most people will go for vacation, but if you go for work, here are some other 5-star features.  *  The staff was truly a pleasure to work with (something you don't find every day in Vegas)*  You don't have to trek through a smoky casino to make it to the meeting rooms.*  The layout of the hotel is easy to navigate and set up so that you don't have to walk for miles to get where you're going.I really enjoyed my time there and I can only hope I spend a lot more of my two months in Vegas staying on that balcony...I mean, room.Oh, and quick tip for everyone.  The lines for check in and check out can get long.  There are check in kiosks located just to the right of the entrance by the west tower bell stand so you can get the party started faster.  Enjoy!
3	Check-in was a breeze, they allowed us to have up to 4 keys per room. A friend and I stayed at the Terrace Wraparound suite. The view was amazing! The room was nice; there were drinks already missing from the fridge, but we didn't want to worry about that right off the bat. I immediately took a shower and the water pressure was reallllLLLLY weak. Thought about calling someone about it, but why bother-- I think they were trying to conserve water or something so I let this one go.I played pai-gow and roulette here. Nice tables, but definitely didn't make me feel at home (I'm in love with gambling at Paris and Cesar's). The waitresses were attentive and drinks came around quick. Overall I had a very very nice stay! The problem is the charges to the room after we left. I checked out over the phone and had someone come up to the room and tell me that no charges would be placed on the room. To my surprise when I got home there were over $300+ charges on my credit card. Reading a few of the other reviews it seems as though I am not the only one this is happening to.I have called the Cosmopolitan 3 times. They keep telling me "There is nothing we can do about it. We need to check the tapes. My manager will call you within 2 days." Of course 2 days pass and no return call. It is beyondddd frustrating. My bank has better customer service than this place. I really liked the hotel, but I am beyond words when it comes to their customer service. I never expected this kind of treatment from a new hotel. Keep in mind I left the room in the same condition it was found in. The maid came in to clean on Saturday without my knowledge (I had a do not disturb sign on my door). After that the charges began rolling in-- I suppose she/he was mad that we did not leave a tip or something and began charging us for anything she could find. I will never stay here again. I will never recommend this place to my friends, and it looks like I will never see that $300+ in charges back either. I am still trying to get my money back, but it looks like I will have to push harder to speak to someone about this. This place has really put a damper on my Vegas experience. They definitely need to change their practices.****update***Finally got through and they said I should be receiving my money back in 7-10 days! Will change my rating to neutral
4	The thing about the Cosmopolitan is that its so modern and hip and chic, its a little intimidating for those of us who only know about Kim Kardashian because ESPN tells us about the athlete she's banging and are not actively pursuing her kind of lifestyle.  However, I found it to be far more approachable than I expected it to be, especially during the day.The people working there were very friendly, the restaurants are top notch, and the place is just flat out beautiful.  It doesn't hurt that the Cosmopolitan is a magnet for gorgeous women, the kind who think of Kim Kardashian as a role model, and hell I don't mind looking.
3	??? Don't see the big deal about this place. I mean, its kinda cool inside but the vibe is less than to be desired. Lots of bars with people that think they are part of the hip crowd.. Maybe I will stay here next time I come visit just to see if I like it more.. but for now it's just "meh".
5	My personal visit here was awesome.  Sassy, gorgeous and upscale. Upon check-in, they ran out of our regular room and upgraded us to a 1 bedroom terrace.  We called for extra towels and the service was quick, efficient, and friendly.  The hotel had a decent selection of eateries from fast food (pizza) to fancy dining.  Additionally, it seems that they have loose slots, because 3 of us were killing time on the penny slots and we all won.  My friend turned her $10 into $200 within a half hour!!Their club Marquee gets packed per usual.  Overall, I can't complain about anything and had a great time in Sin City.
1	Let me start out by saying that I purchased a VIP package through the Cosmo: $4K for 2 nights in a wrap-around suite overlooking the Florence & the Machine concert, 8 add'l concert tickets, & a Steamer Trunk.  We got one add'l day @ $350.  This was for my husband's 30th and I wanted everything to be perfect.I had many email conversations with Kendall in the VIP dept, who was super helpful.  At one point, the Cosmo double-charged my card, and she was able to get everything straightened out, although it took about 2 weeks.  I asked her about cabana reservations too late, and we couldn't get one at the Blvd pool for $750, so I settled for one at the Bamboo pool for $1K.  The day before we got there, I got a call from Shelly confirming my reservation, who was also very helpful.  She informed me we would have a direct VIP contact when we checked in that could help with whatever we needed during our stay, but that her & Kendall would also be available if anything went wrong.  I told her my friend would be checking in early and setting up our room.  Shelly said everything would be ready by 10 so my friend could arrive any time after that and everything would be fine.  She suggested that the Steamer Trunk be delivered before we checked in for the "wow" factor.  I went with it.Then we arrive in Las Vegas...I call my friend to see how the room is.  She arrived at 12 &still had not been let into the room by 2:30.  The VIP concierge kept saying the room wasn't ready, and then ended up giving us a room that was not our room.  It was several floors higher &barely had a view of the concert.  The Steamer Trunk was not delivered before we arrived.  Not only were we pissed about having to wait for the room, we also did not have any booze to drink.I called my so-called go-to people, Kendall and Shelly, and neither answered, nor did I ever get a call back.  I ended up speaking with David, who understood why'd I would be so pissed off, and promised me the trunk would be send "right up."  Haha, "right up,"  you don't know how many times I heard those words this weekend?  He informed me that the concert tickets, which I had expected to be in the room, would be available at will call the night of the concert and told me he could be my direct contact during my stay.  About AN HOUR AND A HALF, the Steamer Trunk was delivered, minus a bottle of champagne.  I guess they thought we weren't celebrating?!?Later that evening, I get a call confirming my reservation at the Bvd pool and the woman informed me that the pool would be drained because of the concert.  #1) my reservation was at the Bamboo pool.  #2) why are they selling cabanas at a pool with no water?Sat. morning, I call the front desk because we have a cabana reservation @ 9 but the pool opens @ 8.  They inform me that the 9 time was incorrect, and that the pools now open @ 8.  I get down there right at 8 to make sure we get the cabana and a few chairs near the pool.  The guy, who must have been LOADED, just kind of stood there when I told him we had a cabana reservation, like he couldn't understand what I was saying.  Then another guy at the stand tells me I can come back in 15 minutes & he'll let me know which cabana is ours.  I come back in 15 minutes, then in 25, 35, 45, 55...  Finally @ 9:15 they let me have my cabana and tell me a waitress would be "right out."  @ 10:30 the waitress comes by.  We had about 6 different waiters/waitresses the 6 or so hours we were at the pool.  Nobody knew how to turn the fan on, the TV didn't work, and it took on average 45 minutes for your drinks to arrive & an hour 15 minutes for food to come.We leave the Cosmo for dinner/drinks and I call and request housekeeping to come up and clean the room.  We were gone for about 4 hours and when we came back, lo & behold the room was exactly as we left it.We were running a little bit late so we started watching some of the concert from our room, even though it was too high up to see anything.  During a song we weren't huge fans of, we head down to the concert on fl. 4.  Only you can't get off on fl. 4!  Did I mention I spent $4,000 to have this room because of the concert?  We never found will call because we couldn't even get to the floor to get to will call.  We went back up to the room and finished watching the show completely angry by this point because of the waste of money.Sunday morning most of our party left and my hubby and I wanted some alone time.  We left the room @ 10 and put the "Please Clean" sign on the door.  We got back to the room @ 2 and the room hadn't been clean.  By this point it was almost comical.  We left the sign up and started taking showers.  Housekeeping ended up coming @ 5:30, while I was in the shower, so they wouldn't even clean.Needless to say, I will NEVER stay at the Cosmo ever again.  Worst service EVER!  Even if you get a VIP package, do not expect any type of service.  I've stayed at 2 star resorts with better service!
4	What a fabulous hotel.   The bars and restaurants are second to none and the rooms are beautiful-- modern, funky, and spacious.  I stayed here twice within the first few months that the hotel was open and did encounter a few issues, but I will chalk them up to working out the kinks of a new hotel.  The very first time I stayed there I had a faulty room door, someone else's food still in my mini-bar fridge and the TV system went down one night (which is a particular issue here because most of the systems-- TV, phone, lights, etc.-- are all interconnected).The second time I checked in early and there were no rooms, which is to be expected.  When I finally did get to check in, I went to my room and someone else's things were in there-- AGH! Scary stuff.  Thank goodness it was only someone's stuff and not someone, but still.  The Cosmopolitan staff was very apologetic and wonderful about the issue though-- they gave me a free upgrade to a fantastic suite, so I can't complain about that.Like I said, I think it was new hotel kinks and I would certainly return again on my next trip to Vegas!
4	Just spent some time on the casino floor.  Three main things I noticed: The service was all over the place.  One bar had lame bartender who had no patience, although she WAS really busy.  One bar had bartenders sitting around who were very nice.  The two bars were about 20 feet from each other and one was packed and one had open seats.  I don't really understand, but okay!  Vegas is a crazy place!Drinks were expensive which isn't surprising, but at least they were strong (also not surprising - welcome to Vegas).  The atmosphere and decor were pretty cool.  They were all over the place, from the LED light shows to the giant chandelier, but the common theme was dark, modern, and vaguely club-like.  It was nice, almost felt like being in a club when you're just inside a foyer.  Oh, and the seat I was in at the bar?  Amazingly comfortable.
4	I went to the buffet with my best Girl, and it was a wonderful experience. The food was served in mini fryers for fried foods, and mini pans for pan cooked items. You gotta go and see for yourself. I forgot to mention, the food at this buffet was awesome. Truly a must visit place in Vegas. Well priced for the value you get.
5	Everything was perfect.  I never say that... super high tech rooms, lush and functional.  Room was cool when I came in, controlled electronically, even the alarm clock turned on the TV and played satellite radio in perfect stereo.  Balcony was a nice surprise.  The conference space, banquet staff and audio/video people were excellent too.Lastly, the bar and restaurants went above and beyond with quality and service, from the STK steak to the simple sliders or Drink orders... Fantastic.  The Overlook has wonderful breakfast.  And all pool bar staff were friendly and conversational.I can't imagine going to any other hotel and I've stayed at most in LV.Oh, and their cigars are reasonably priced...even the girl walking around selling them knew all about the selections (she even smokes cigars!)... WOW!
4	I am here for a conference, but staying off the strip (Vegas doesn't agree with my sensibilities).Parking is easy and spacious, the conference is in the west tower, the little drive to the parking garage isn't well marked, but if you are heading south on the strip, when you see the Cosmopolitan building, turn right into what looks like an alley. The ramp down to the garage is on your left.They conveniently tell you how many spaces are open on each level, and each space has a red/green/blue light (blue for handicap) above it to let you know if it is available or not.The food is well above average for the conference, the muffins and pastries seem like they are made fresh (I know, when do you ever get that?!?)This is a tall building. In the evening, when heading down to the garage, the elevator was PACKED and smelled like an Axe bomb went off in it.The decor is nice and modern.
5	Good heavens, quite possibly one of the most fun hotels I've ever had the pleasure of staying in.  Arrival in to the lobby sets the scene for what is to come - glitz, sleek glamour and continuous surprise.The rooms are generously sized with ridiculously comfortable beds, large bathrooms (with an abundance of fluffy towels and good quality amenities) and a good desk (as if you're really going to work while in Vegas).There's lots of restaurants and bars to discover (I especially liked The Vesper bar and Secret Pizza) and of course more slot machines and gaming tables than you could ever possibly need, but what I loved the most about this hotel was the Art.  It's scattered everywhere, from edgy photographs, weird Avatar like statues and small converted cigarette machines that dispense little pieces of art at $5 a pop. I highly recommend roaming the business and convention room floors to check out some really interesting pieces.
3	I'm going to start off by saying this hotel & casino is very hip, trendy, and modern. I suggest any Las Vegas visitor who hasn't seen the Cosmopolitan to check it out. Very unique, eclectic, and targeted towards more the 20s and young 30s demographic. Their club Marquee have already established themselves as a club to be reckoned with the best in town. Their rooms have balconies. The chandelier. Being a foodie, I love their restaurants. They make a point to bring in quality organic produce as much as possible, you're never short of a variety of food, whether you want sushi, a great pizza from a secret location, even a restaurant that serves both dim sum and tacos at the same place.However, if your room doesn't seem to be clean from the last guest, dust still on countertops, stains still left on carpets, it takes away from the good points about this hotel. Even stepping into the elevator a couple of times, there were water spills, perhaps from guests and their drinks. As much as I enjoy the Cosmopolitan for all they're worth, sometimes the simple act of cleaniness of a place as nice as this place could be, would be awesome to see. Maybe I've been spoiled staying at places like Vdara and Encore, but I've also stayed at places like the Stratosphere and Palace Station. You expect something from places who want to set themselves apart. I'll still frequent here, probably still try their restaurants I haven't been to yet. Would I choose to stay here for my whole Vegas weekend? Unfortunately not :(
5	Swanky, gorgeous and expensive!! Bring your bank book even to buy clothes! Makes Bellagio look old and worn...which it is!
5	It's a nifty place!  I like the vibe, the attention to detail.  The pink chandeliers and excessive crystal are great accents.  I didn't stay here but I did wander about and ate here.
3	Fiance had a conference at Cosmo so I came out to hang for a couple of days. While the vibe is super hip & trendy and you absolutely can't beat the atmosphere in the casino, I wasn't THAT impressed with the hotel itself (meaning the rooms & service). I think the conference room rate was $190/nt, which got us a room literally at the end of the hallway. No balcony, 2 queen beds (an upgrade to a King would've been +$75/nt), and not even motorized drapes? I've eaten at Holsteins, China Poblano, and Secret Pizza....overall they have a nice variety of food options and of course there's lots within walking distance at other resorts. For conference-goers, my fiance says the catered food they served her group was quite good. While it's nice that Cosmo doesn't have a resort fee, now I'm annoyed having to pay a la carte for all the stuff I have now come to expect. Want internet? $14/day. Want to use the gym? $20/day. I'm used to paying a resort fee at every major hotel on the strip, I'd rather you just charge me rather than feel like I'm getting nickel & dimed to death. Final nuisance: none of the dealers/pit bosses wear name tags. After a few drinks I like to get chatty with my dealer, it's common courtesy to at least know their name. I'll come back to Cosmo to drink and people watch, but I wouldn't spring for a room there....if I'm spending that much, I'll stay at the Wynn/Encore every time.
5	I love walking through this hotel and taking in the sights.  It's beautiful and makes me feel like Miss Fancypants.  I've never actually stayed at this hotel, but I've spent some time in it.  I really love the atmosphere and the beautiful Swarovski crystals.  One of my favorite spots to visit in Las Vegas.
1	Winning at Bellagio....Exciting! Seeing Whoopi Goldberg at Treasure Island....Entertaining! Getting whizzed on by a drunk patron at the way overated Cosmopolitan...Priceless. Seriously, the Cosmopolitan is overpriced, over rated, disappointing, noisy, crowded, dirty. But, then again, if you are twentysomething, perhaps you will like it.  Think spring break from college if you remember   from your college days. Stay next door at Bellagio.
5	I think the Cosmopolitan has been open for a little more than a year now. Went there on my recent trip and was very impressed. First of all, I want to note the really modern feel of this property. There are many neat things throughout place and modern works of contemporary art. The casino is large and well laid out. They have all the popular slots for those who enjoy that type of thing and for us table game players, lots of card and craps tables! Restaurants? They've got tons of great restaurants and The Wicked Spoon Buffet is here!  For all of us Vegas veterans, we all know the value of a player's card. The Cosmopolitan is one of the few places that will give you points for all of your purchases on the property. This alone should be a good reason for choosing to stay here! It sure made a big impression on me..
5	This year old Casino in Las Vegas is light years ahead of the competition, every aspect of the casino/hotel is state of the art. From the lobby with the 40 ft high LED pillars, to the 4 pools, to the spacious suites that over look the Strip, you can't go wrong with this Casino. Only thing that I would improve about this place is the size of the actual Casino itself as it's not that big, and I would improve my luck the last time I sat down @ the blackjack tables there, ouch, talk about a beating!
5	I stayed here 3 nights, Thursday through Sunday and had a great time. I got a good suite with a view to the Bellagio fountain and Las Vegas Boulevard. The room was very clean and elegant. One almost wants to keep the party there.  It's great for single people. The hotel has 3-4 lounges to enjoy if you're not into the club scene. Many attractive young women show up but they do tend to go more to the dance club which can be hard to get in and not necessarily worthwhile. The whole of Las Vegas is more about clubs though.  Drinks were not too expensive, or at least comparable to the bay area. My scotch was $11, about the same as other places here. It had a several restaurants, although a few can be expensive at $40-$50 a plate. The hotel is conveniently located at mid strip and has several stores within walking distance. The hotel has 2 pools, one with an excellent view to the strip. It is more of a hangout pool than to do any actual swimming but still great to enjoy. As a bonus, you also get Marriott rewards points.
4	We stayed here for two nights, and we were lucky to get a room with a balcony facing Bellagio!  The view could not get better than this!  We had the water fountain show every 15 min or so, and it was great! Even if we didn't watch the fountain show, the music playing with the show was also very entertaining.  The room was very spacious and nice!  Definitely want to come back and stay here again!!!
4	Wow. What a hotel! I have been to Vegas many times and stayed in a bunch of different hotels. I go every April for a week long work convention. This time, I decided to stay at the Cosmopolitan. First impression, not great! I walked in after being on a plane for 5+ hours to find no line for check-in, YES! However, it still took me about 15-20 minutes to get the keys to my room. I have never seen a slower process. I guess they were trying to find me a good room, which I did not request but of course was appreciated. I finally got the keys to my room and headed up! WOWSERS she did find me a nice suite in the West Tower with a balcony over looking the Bellagio Fountains. The room was spectacular! Nice sitting area, comfy bed, huge balcony, small kitchen area, huge bathroom! I loved it, just wish I could have spent more time in my room ;) I didn't gamble so can't talk about the casino part of the hotel. I did  eat at some of the restaurants. I love the burger and shake joint (can't remember the name). The fried pickles were to die for. I also had the alcoholic Mint Chocolate Chip Shake- YUMMY! I often got breakfast to go at Va Benna ( I think is the name),rather expensive but usually quick and had good Chai Tea's and pastries. However, I really enjoyed the Cosmo and would love to stay there again. However, if I am going back for business, I would probably stay at the Wynn or Encore as they are easier to get to and from the Las Vegas Convention Center.
1	Just talking about this place makes me angryListen I'm all about customer service and being honest. -here's my short story Arrived 9am - to hotel- group of bridemaids. Reserved room weeks ago Went to their so called "VIP" room- we were lied to all day. We wasted an entire day there. Left the hotel at 7pm half the girls in tears from the awful experience. Bride in tears. They made us walk to 3 different rooms that were not available. They had over booked and instead of saving us time they kept lieing to us. I spit the ground it's built on. Left to Wynn the hotel of only -Yess"es
3	Is it a gorgeous, sexy hotel? YES!Is this place teeming with gorgeous, sexy people? YES!Is it the best place in Vegas to stay? HELL NO!!!While I would definitely pick this place for the Chandelier Bar, the various restaurants (reviews to follow ) and the eye candy for days, the service needs help and the rooms left a bit to be desired.  Service was lacking.  Housekeeping was spread far too thin when you needed them, and came knocking despite the sign at 0900 on Friday morning.  It took hours, 4 exactly, to get linen for the pull out sofa, which usually is already in the room.  At the Cosmo? No. All they keep is a pillow in the closet. When we tried to ask for extra towels as the housekeeper passed us in the hallways, she said we had to call.  What? We're trying to save you some time.  Argh.Rooms: gorgeous, sexy, chic? Yes, all of the above.  I do appreciate that most all the rooms have a balcony and the 3 suites we had all did.  We had a fantastic view of the Bellagio fountains, so that was a definite plus.  The space was adequate, but next time I would stay in the wraparound terrace.  The mini bar and fridge was such an epic fail.  Every time anyone actually picked up an item for more than a few seconds, it charged the room.  For those that didn't know this, that resulted in $100 worth of extra charges.  Luckily, this was quickly corrected on check out with a quick phone call.  Why boast rooms with a kitchen when you don't have a stove, dishes, or anything that's of real use.  I didn't want to cook, but use of a fridge would have been nice.  Otherwise, just get rid of the damn thing.  In one of the rooms, the TV in the living room had zero feed and was useless, and the cordless phone wasn't working as well.  I see this review going on and on, so I should sum it up.  Stay here if most of your party plans are actually at this hotel, or if you just have to judge for yourself, like we did.  Should you make this hotel your go to place? Nah. This hotel is bankrupt, and they're trying to get back some of their losses by nickel and diming you.
2	Not sure how this place has such good reviews. Pros: - young party crowd- pretty chandelier bar- marquee dayclub and nightclubCons:- AWFUL service. just awful. staff is incredibly rude everywhere within the hotel. - Weird layout for the casino- no shopping in the hotel. none.- only one restaurant (STK) other than small burger and pizza joints. How can a   vegas hotel have no restaurants. what??- overall just small in sizeThe waitress at the buffet pulled a chair out from under my friends bottom (literally) and told her she couldn't sit there. Our waiter at STK told us we couldn't order a drink after we closed the food tab and that we had to leave our table. Housekeeping had hour long waits for towels. yes, towels to bathe with. Room service woman on the phone had a major attitude and literally mocked us on the phone - slowly explaining to us the meaning of "cancelled" as if we were a 3 year old. Our room was missing the tv remote and our room phone was broke. no fun.
5	This hotel is absolutely beautiful.  I didn't get to spend much time here as I was only in Vegas for 18 hours but when I come back I will be staying here again.To be completely honest, I can't really remember much but I do recall the gorgeous chandelier when you walk in.  Also, when I woke up I remember the pillows and sheets being super comfy and soft.  The room was very nice, I'm certain of it.
5	Gorgeous hotel! Very sexy and trendy. The majority of the people staying in the hotel are beautiful! The little touches make it one of my top hotels to stay at. They print the name of the guest who the room is registered to on the hotel key. Make sure you keep yours. ;-)
4	Sleek, ultra-modern, see-and-be-seen property. Lives up to its name.Pleasantly impressed during my return visit this yr. after deciding to give Cosmo another try following an unimpressive experience last May. ROOMSBest-in-class room technology. Everything is centrally controlled from the phone console - lighting, climate, TV/sound, concierge and other services. All lighting is fully dimmable (Lutron) - phenomenal feature.Bathrooms are beautifully done, featuring top-line Kallista fixtures, Kohler sink, Kohler lav. There are bathroom blinds into the room. Bathroom and closet shared a space-efficient sliding door with full-length mirror. Toiletries are C.O. Bigelow. Plenty of floor-length mirrors in the room - a nice-to-have in Vegas.Decor is tastefully modern without being minimalist, great furniture.Beds are very comfortable.Had a terrace room facing away from the Strip (quieter) during my first visit, the balcony is a nice feature. Had a Strip-facing room this visit overlooking the Bellagio fountains - excellent view.SERVICEFront desk is professional and helpful, minus the attitude I experienced last yr., which was consistent with Cosmo's initial reviews. Accommodated my request for high floor/quiet room wonderfully - was assigned Bellagio-facing room on the 59th floor. Zero noise on the floor. Replaced my keys swiftly no questions.Beck & call (phone concierge) was fully functional and responsive - could hardly ever get through to concierge during my previous visit.Room service pre-orders are available to schedule in increments of 20 minutes (ie: 8-8:20 am), and Heather was right on time both mornings, considerate (could tell I was barely awake) and courteous.Cleaning service could use more attention to detail - day 1 I was stranded without a bath rug, which the concierge eventually assisted with, and staff also forgot to replenish certain amenities upon arrival.Taxi stand - never had to wait, very efficiently run. Taxi staff is extremely professional.DECORPure eye candy - no expenses spared on premise. The Chandelier (most impressive lighting fixture in Vegas), Vesper Bar, BOND (entrance bar facing the Strip), and even the hotel lobby feature incredible crystal lighting, fantastic use of color and LED columns with changing imagery - the visual effects are unparalleled. Best execution of art + technology.DININGWicked Spoon (4-star, favorite buffet in Vegas), Blue Ribbon (3.5 star). Have heard STK is fantastic but DOCG (Italian) is just ok. LOCATIONConnected to City Center which houses plenty of couture boutiques, next door to Bellagio Fountains, across the street from Miracle Mile Shops (more accessible shopping)
2	If you're looking for customer service don't go here. The employees are robots and are not allowed to say or think anything outside of what they have been trained to say and do.  They gave me the hardest time when I was checking in.  I don't even want to get into what the problem was, but needless to say the man behind the counter just kept repeating him over and over again like a robot.  POOL - the pool was closed for some random private party so we couldn't go to the one we wanted to go to.  ROOMS -  amazing but all hotels have amazing rooms for the right price. If you want Class,Customer Service, and don't mind the price, go to ARIA.
5	Absolutely beautiful hotel. Stayed there for my boyfriends birthday weekend and we fell in love as soon as we walked through the door. The people working there are very friendly and you are definitely getting the 5 star treatment. The hotel has a huge chandellier in the middle and lots of restaraunts. I could go on and on about what this hotel offers but you'll just have to see for yourself. We didn't even want to leave our room.  We had a one bedroom terrace on the eastside tower on the 58th floor. The view on the balcony is gorgeous and the room is exceptional from the two flat screens to the living room and our favorite part, the bathroom. The tub was deep with two seats so my 6'2 boyfriend could fit comfortably. And the water was so smooth. It was really pricey but I promise you it is worth it. This hotel has three different pool areas and they are amazing. I will definitely make this my go to hotel whenever I am in Vegas.
5	Stayed at The Cosmopolitan this year for my birthday. First time actually getting a suite but not being at the hotel as Marquee Day and Nightclub is located inside. Checked in with no problems which was amazing because we didn't make reservations and we drove all night from LA. They checked us in at 8:30 on a Friday, I was thrilled. The hotel is super chic and beautiful and at night its filled with beautiful people. The room itself was very large and with a huge balcony. State of the art technology on all of the electronics. (loved the phones!) We went to all the pools. All of them different and all of them were fun. Our servers at the pool were great too.I really have no complaints about my stay. We were treated extremely well by the staff. The hotel is gorgeous. Everything went  smooth in regards to our stay which is almost surprising considering we decided to leave only a few hours prior.
3	I'm not going to write much, because, well, everyone else seems to have written books on this place.I'll sum it up easily:rooms are awesome. not only the look and feel, but the amenities are all cool.games are awesome. the greyhound racing game is probably the funnest casino game I've ever played.the hotel atmosphere is...too "cool" for me. Looking at "sexy" women and douche-bag guys all day gets tiring. Seriously, how many black dresses and jeans with dress shirts can you see in one place? Maybe some people enjoy that, though. By the way, black dresses can't slim down fat and dress shirts don't make beer bellies look sweet. the food here is great. especially secret pizza (even more so after several mojitos).I don't think I'd go back for a few years when, hopefully, Vegas changes it's landscape again.
3	What a fabulous entrance through the drop off area and hotel lobby. I didn't stay or gamble here, but enjoyed walking through the space to check out the design.Then I had to get a drink at the Chandelier Bar. It's fabulous feeling and the bartender was on it with refills. Do go have a drink here.
1	If there were a way to do a -1 star I would.  We were guests at this hotel this previous weekend and I would have to say this was one of the worst experiences I've had in Las Vegas.  This hotel has no concept of customer service.  From check in to the bars and restaurants, the customer service is slow and the staff treats you like you're a complete inconvenience to their day.  There was an incident that happened where their security harassed two of the ladies in our group, mistaking them for "call girls" and instead of dealing with this in a professional and considerate manner by simply asking the ladies to produce room keys, they embarrassed them in front of the friends they were speaking with and continued to harass them.  When TWO complaints were filed (one with Connie at the front desk and another with the manager who had the second shift at the front desk) we were assured that they would follow up with us on the incident....NO RESPONSE!!!This behavior is completely unacceptable.  Obviously the Cosmopolitan feels that their trendy popularity excuses them from employing courteous staff and responsible people that hold their employees accountable for horrendous customer service.  I DO NOT recommend staying at this hotel.  Spend your money where customer service is understood and where your guests will NOT get harassed by their staff.
5	SEX, SEX, and more SEX. That's literally what I thought when I walked in and you see these huge modern columns streaming videos of half naked women. It seems that they are whispering...welcome to sin city. I kid you not!This place is modern, upscale, gorgeous, and very chic. Usually when I go on vacation, the last place I want to stay in is the room/hotel but this place is the exact opposite. The lounge itself has beautiful chandeliers even the front desk is setup similar to a lounge. Everyone is dressed to impress. The service is top notch. I would say for the most part, people keep it classy here but it is Vegas. On my arrival, I saw a man being wheeled in on a wheelchair because he was that drunk. In the elevator, I do remember a couple trying to hid...well not so much hid, but they lost their hotel key and didn't have anywhere else to go and a random stranger thanked me for getting on the elevator because as he said..."it was getting a bit awkward."Marquee: The Cosmo's club/lounge is called the Marquee and it was a blast. The entrance was a bit weird. You have to come down on an elevator and the host greets you like you are in an amusement park...telling you how big it is, how exclusive, and to "prepare for the experience."I forget the name of the buffet but it was excellent as well. Vegas is known for their buffets and I would definitely eat here again.If you want to enjoy the day party, I would definitely make reservations at least a day in advance.There is so much to say about Vegas...I could write a novel, but I won't. I would say if you can afford it, the Cosmo is a great place to stay. Especially with the location! It is right between the Bellagio and Aria/City Center and across the street from Planet Hollywood and Paris.
5	Beautiful & elegant!  Best drink of my whole trip was Jeffrey's cosmopolitan martini at The Chandelier bar, you will be one happy (and perhaps TIPSY) camper!  Remember, prices in Vegas run higher anyway, so....
2	I dont' know why but the first review I wrote was removed.  I feel that something has to be said about the robots who work at Cosmo. It's a great looking hotel but I had the worst experience will the employees from the guy who checked me in, to the people at the pool, to the bartenders.  The service is less than average.If you want class AND good service, go to Aria.
4	What an amazing hotel. This place is one of the newest on the strip so therefore is likely going to be the nicest. The rooms are very beautiful with awesome TVs that control the music, AC, lights and more in the rooms. The bathrooms are pretty swanky with lots of towels robes, etc provided. The balconies have great views, just everything anout this place is nice. The nightlife here , Marquee, is pretty good too but very hard to get into without paying $$$$ to get in. The 2 main bars here also make the best craft cocktails on the strip so check those out as well. I'm taking a star off due to service / operational issues at the hotel. This includes the longest check in and check out  lines I've experienced at any hotel ever. So check out via the TV if you want to get out fast. I also had to call multiple times to get a roll away bed even though I requested one before arriving. This paired with some other problems at a friends room showed they need to work on back of house operations. Otherwise this place pretty much had everything I wanted and didn't need to leave the hotel.
1	Booked a wrap around suite 3 months in advance but they gave us a call a ONE day before stating that they overbooked our room...so they ended up downgraded our room without refunding the difference for the room and instead they offered a $200 food and beverage credit when the difference in price of the two room a night is $200! never ever booking at cosmo....now were stuck because of everyone else is booked...TERRIBLE never ever doing business with cosmo
4	I can only give this hotel 4 stars because I didn't stay here and didn't get the full Cosmopolitan experience. I can imagine that it's worth all 5 stars, but I can't know for sure just yet. I did however visit the casino a few times during the day and night. It's gorgeous inside with strands of crystals hanging from the ceiling like you are actually inside a chandelier. OMG I loved it, sooo pretty. The clubs and shops inside were top notch and most probably out of my price range, but awesome none the less. I went to the Sports Book and got to watch my team kick butt for a little while on their screen of TV's. I had bet at my casino, but The Cosmopolitan's odds were better. This place is pretty much one of the nicest hotels on the Strip right now. I walked through almost every single hotel, and this one really stood out!
5	Being on the strip for only less than a couple of years I have to give credit where credit is due to the new casino in town. This fellas is a casino to go to if your in a relationship or trying to impress a lady. To the decor to the layout, shops and stores, this place takes the cake on being a modern wonder casino. Koi on the 3rd floor is a hidden gem for out door pools onlooking the whole Vegas strip. Wicked Spoon is probably one of the best buffet I ever had in my life and its' uniqueness will blow you away.dp
4	A really great, swank, modern hotel.  We were able to get a great deal at the time and decided to go for it in booking here.  The rooms were great!  See thru shower (similar to The Standard Hotel) so be aware of who you're sharing the room w/before booking.  Great bedding, linen, and a multitude of light settings w/all-in-one remote that controls everything in the room (TV, lighting, music, etc).  The casino is also pretty clean and crisp, and as you would expect, the limits are on the higher side.  I really admire their chandelier bar, its a great central hub / focal point of the casino.  The only downside to the hotel really is their front desk / reception.  It's definitely a cramped area, great aesthetics in the changing panels, but I wish they had more attendants or somehow expedited their check-in.  Checking in at 10pm you would think that it would be somehow less crowded (considering check-in is 3pm) but we waiting almost 30mins - kinda nuts if you ask me.  But its worth the wait and stay if you can get it for a good price - full price, i'm not too sure its worth it.
5	this update is long overdue, but i am honestly glad i am finally getting around to it because i really feel that i have to give props to the cosmopolitan and their staff for numerous great experiences.  This review will finally be a complete review including rooms since i finally stayed hereValet:excellent.  we drove in, had a guy show us where to pull up, instantly had us a ticket and had a bell hop getting our stuff off.  gave us some pointers on stuff to do until we could check in since we got to the hotel at about 10am and check in wasn't until 3pm.  never had a problem with them between the transfer of our bags, car, or anythingCheck in:i have to say, this is where i was very very impressed.  we came back to check in after eating around 12pm and figured me might as well try to get into the room.  they let us check in early without early check in fees which was very cool.  we ended up upgrading from our city room to a suite.  i originally wanted the terrace suite but they gave us the upgrade to a terrace studio and comp'd extra upgrade cost for a fountain view which was very cool.  well we got up to the room on the 34th floor, and it was smaller than the room i was wanting (the terrace suite is about 940 square feet, the studio is about 610 square feet).  within being in the room for no more than 5 minutes the lady at the check in desk called up to the room and said she wasn't sure if we got the correct room (the one i wanted) so i told her i didn't think so and she told me to come back down to the check in.  at this time there was already a line building up at check in, but she had me come straight to her without waiting in line and then upgraded us to the terrace suite for free which gave us a bigger room, better view, and put us 14 floors higher.  very good customer service, followed by her giving me a number directly to her for if we needed anything else.  they even comp'd us a roll away bed that is normally $30 + taxes a night.  Excellent serviceThe room:very spacious, but the hallway from the door to the living room was a little odd.  we had 2 seperate bathroom both with showers and everything.  there was a master bathroom attached to the bedroom part that also had a large jacuzzi tub and was a little nicer than the living room/hallway bathroom.  2 seperate sliding glass doors to the balcony which overlooked the bellagio fountains and down the strip, it was truly a fantastic view, and we were higher than the top of the bellagio (see my pictures).  The balcony was honestly one of the biggest selling points of the room and it was very nice to have and be able to stand outside before clubbing to get some fresh air and prep for the night, or to have a couple drinks as the night wound down.  the bed was very comfortable, and there was plenty space for the 4 of us staying in the room, however since there is only 1 bed and the roll away is pretty small, sleeping more than 4 might be a little tough unless people are fine sleeping on the floor.  *there is no pull out from the sofa in this room* so keep that in mind.  there was a full kitchen which was nice just to have the double freezer to put all our alcohol in, and the fridge to put our other stuff in.  but be careful, there are drinks on pressure plates in the fridge so make sure you don't bump them or else you might get charged, along with the pressure plates on the counter.  we had no problems with charges to the room here unlike aria the nights before.Casino:as in my older review for the hotel, the casino is amazing.  always looks good, always good people walking by to look at, and i actually win money here every now and then.  The cocktail waitresses are excellent and are ontop of bringing drinks and making sure you have a drink (in 45 minutes at the casino, i got 5 drinks).  the staff at the tables are also very nice and helpful when you are watching or gamblingrestaurants:some great places to eat here.  i love wicked spoon buffet and have been there a handful of times as it is probably my favorite buffet in vegas (still have to try wynn though).  Holsteins was excellent as well (read my review for there also), along with secret pizza (also read my review).  the only place here i don't care for for food is china poblano (read my review).Players card:it is a very good idea to grab a players card for here because anything you buy earns you points.  our meal at holsteins got us points, our pizza from secret pizza got us points, even drinks and money you spend at marquee will get you points.  either present your card, or just save your receipts and take them to an identity players card desk and they will credit you the points.  very cool and helps you get stuff faster which is always a plusCheck out:check out was amazing.  in line people in ipads came up, pulled up charges, and if it was ok, then you could check out with them and leave.  super easy and fast to dooverall, excellent place and will be my new go to place
5	Posh, comfortable, where it's at!Had a single night's stay last Black Friday for after the Morrissey concert.  Always spend a good amount of time at the Cosmo gaming and drinking each LV visit but this was the time I splurged to stay. Very nice appointments, contemporary styling. Central remote controls  TV, lights etc. (you may want to turn off the desk lamp under the TV as it may hamper the remote signal.)Nice big shower stall - the window with a blind built in is a little peculiar. I would think most folks would want to get into the shower with their partner than watch them through a window :-)Check-in tip: The lines can get a little long but if you have no special needs there is a couple of kiosks opposite the check-in desk by the valet/bell hop stand where you can swipe your credit card and be given room keys in a flash.
1	The Cosmopolitan only cares about making money! Their customer service is horrible! If I hadn't had an issue I'm sure I'd think this hotel was awesome, but it was once I needed the service of the staff that I realized the only thing this hotel had to offer was it's looks. I had an issue with booking a cabana. They tried to charge me 3x more than they originally quoted me within the same phone call and I was literally told, "Ma'am, if you don't book at this price we can just offer the cabana to someone else who will."While at the pool, I witnessed a waitress agree to waiting on a group of males without them paying for a cabana in exchange for a 40% tip while the people in the cabana next to them complained because they had to spend a minimum of $3,000 for their cabana.Also, 2 lights were out in our room and we continuously called for maintenance only to end our trip without ever getting it fixed because no one showed up!They pride themselves on having Marquee Nightclub in their hotel and yet when an issue arose at the nightclub, suddenly they describe it as "a separate entity." A friend of mine had an issue at the Marquee and no one there cared to help her. So we called the hotel asking what the protocol was for dealing with situations like that which we had just experienced. The manager of The Cosmopolitan who I spoke to said, "I'm sorry you had an unpleasant experience. That's all. What? Are you expecting me to give you a free room for the weekend to make it better? Because I'm not gonna do that!" Mind you, I never asked for that. I guess she just got defensive because she couldn't answer my question.Everyone is rude and had their own agenda. I'd rather stay at a hotel that has style AND OFFERS GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE. A cool looking hotel does not make up for horrible service. I WOULD NEVER STAY HERE AGAIN.
4	First impressions of Cosmo is that it is a place to go to be seen....unless of course you're a bunch of middle aged men, then more than likely you're there to see vs. being seen.While not as large is its neighbor to the South, Cosmo is still huge compared to many along The Strip.  Not being a club guy I cannot comment on those however there are plenty of lounge areas in this gem to grab a drink.  However on a weekend night, don't expect to find much seating especially if you're with a larger group.One of the noticeable things is the fact that they did not spare costs on the details.  Everything in this place speaks money.  The Chandelier Bar is impressive mainly due to the chandelier itself.  The fixture is massive and quite impressive to see.  It is also a good place to sit back and people watch.The tables in this casino are as you'd expect......HIGH!!  However, it is no different that what you'd find elsewhere on The Strip.The place had a continuous buzz to it and although extremely busy, it was impressively clean and maintained.  Another thing I like about Cosmo is that didn't have that stale smoke smell even though there was plenty of smoking going on around us.The staff here is part of what makes it stand out.  Each venue was like the last....helpful and friendly.  The never once made it feel like a chore to be helping out the customer.All in all, Cosmo stands up to the glitz and glam of Vegas and definitely a sight to see......or be seen, whatever your perspective is.
3	Stayed here on multiple occasions and honestly, I'm kinda lost on how to review this place. So I'm just going to average out all the areas into one.Hotel - 4.5 starsCheck in has always been a breeze. Hotel rooms are very nice (it better be for a new property), and one of the few hotels where I can actually get a good nights sleep. The comps and free suite upgrades are a plus for sure.The bad? Very first time stayed at this property, the hotel management was still working out the quirks. They changed the room key when I was still staying in the property and thus I got locked out.Gaming - 1 starThey just don't know how to treat their players. One instance the bet was made and the pitboss straight up waived off the bet AFTER I won. Complained, talked to the managers and nothing happened. Overall it's a nice place to stay at if you like nice hotel rooms, and like to party. BUT they still have issues with the managers and also gaming area SUCKS!
4	This review is in perspective of someone just visiting the Cosmopolitan.  So apparently Cosmopolitan is translation for Awesome Hell because I saw some of the baddest looking chicks i have ever seen in my life.  By "baddest" i mean fine.  Bunch of freaks up in there (when was the last time you heard someone call a hot girl a freak).   Apparently Marquee attracts the hottest girls of the world.  A group of friends and I just chilled at a bar on the second level and enjoyed the view.  Tho the girls are the hottest thing in the world, doesn't seem like they're willing to give you the time of day, which made me try harder :)  One thing i learned about hot girls going to vegas....THEY LOVE HOUSE AND TECHNO.
5	This hotel deserves all the hype it receives  - it's amazing!Super chic, i love the purple, silver, and black color theme they have going on. We did the $20 trick and we were upgraded to a 1 bedroom suite that had a HUGE living room, comfortable couch and we were even comped with a roll away bed. The Wicked Spoon buffet is my new favorite buffet in Vegas... their desserts are to die for. I think all of us had about 3 slices of the strawberry shortcake and the gelato was also top notch.The main reason why I would recommend this hotel because they were so accommodating and do everything possible to ensure you had a great stay. We had a little mishap with the tub, it overflowed, and didn't realize the bathroom and bedroom are wide OPEN. While someone takes a bath someone can open the blinds from the bedroom and watch them, I guess it's supposed to be sexy but in our case the water overflowed into the bedroom, onto our luggage and left a GIGANTIC wet spot on the hotel floor. Had to call front desk and they sent a huge fan to blow it out for a few hours. When we checked out we were charged $500 in damages, but our lovely lady who checked us in was able to help us out and wrote notes down about the incident. She comped us $50 in credit and the charges were dropped.The casino surprisingly treats you well, we came out winning a little bit of money and when can you really say that? Love this hotel :)
5	as soon as you walk inside, you see this giant chandelier....WOW. i came here last year for The Strokes concert and i had a ball. The Chelsea is a superb venue to watch a show. Beer is pricy and I didn't stay at a hotel here but I here they're badass : )
4	With a 1000+ reviews I'll just be adding to the white noise, but this hotel was a lovely experience. I typically have hated Las Vegas in the past due to its less than classy atmosphere, its density of cigarette smoke, and the thin sheen of desperation over all the golden city. So, I was dreading the traditional bachelorette in Vegas. After an easy shuttle ride over the the hotel, I was impressed by the gorgeous silver decor with lavendar and dark wood. The hotel was obviously busy and bustling, and amusingly the cocktail girls were out even at 9AM to serve in highheels. We unfortunately couldn't check in until hours later, but they were very nice about checking our bags and giving us access to the pool while we waited. At check-in time, the lines seemed impossibly long, but we actually only had to wait 30 minutes to check in. The concierge helped us find rooms all together, and we were helped up to our rooms. The rooms themselves were lovely and very girly, obviously new, with pretty views. I was pretty impressed with the linen choices, the modern graphics choices, and the technology in the room. Sorry, but gadgets are my thing and the central TV that displayed our check-in name and could surf all the amenities of the hotel was pretty cool. Also, I'm VERY noise sensitive and despite the regular party crowd, I didn't hear a thing.Since only one of us gambled, we were primarily there to see some shows, eat delicious food and dance. All of these things were easily found near the Cosmopolitan's central location. The hotel's restaurants themselves averaged about a 3.5 rating, but I did approve of their attempt to accommodate gluten free and diary free diners by printing out allergy specific menus. Also, one of the hottest night clubs was in the hotel, so we were able to simply walk downstairs, get in, and dance all night. All in all it was a great time, the staff was very tolerant of our bachelorette antics, and for a girl whose feet got very sore after dancing, it was easy to get home and pass out at 4AM. I'd definitely recommend this hotel.
5	Definitely the happening place to be in Vegas. Marquee their night club was rated number one in the country. It's worth the money.  My friend left $50 in the bed and the maid came back to our room to tell us where she had left the money b/c she found it in the bed.  Which was a super sweet thing to do. If you are fat don't sit in the big shoes they have strategically placed around the hotel and take pix in them. They do break and it's not a pretty sight.Also, Vegas is not a place for kids at least not if you are staying at one of the larger hotels. There's debauchery everywhere so keep that in mind.
4	I thought balconies in Las Vegas were illegal? OH well, guess not!My dad loves this place because he can actually smoke in his room, outside on the balcony without having the room smell of smoke, which is cool.I'd definitely like to stay here more often, but it's pricey! And when I go to Vegas, I'm on a budget! Hopefully, one day when i'm BALLINNNNG! :)Everything is just so new here, which is why I like it so much, and it's right across from PH, which is where Earl's of Sandwich is! BOMB! Cha-ching!
5	I didn't stay here, but I wanted to after walking through it, staring at the screens and gawking at the people, finding the Secret Pizza place, having shakes and burgers at Holsteins, and generally, falling in love with the Cosmpolitan!  Loved seeing it for an hour, have to stay here for real.
1	Not living up to the expectations of a 5-star hotel. The rooms are dirty: 1) couches and carpets stained and not cleaned, 2) soap scum and other strange dirt on walls from prior guests in bathrooms, 3) surfaces not dusted, including TV remote, 4) trash from prior guests not cleaned away, 5) TV wasn't working in room #1, phone not working in room #2, the list goes on. Rooms are cool looking with nice views, food is good and the pools are great, too but the cleanliness is a major issue, especially for room rates of $400+/night. I recommend going to the Wynn for a much better experience...
5	Sighhhh I wish I could stay here every time. Such a fab home for 3 days. We had a terrace 1-bedroom room, complete with a huge "living room" area & kitchenette. It totally catered to girls' needs -- gigantic bathroom, mirrors everywhere, ample closet space. The hotel in general is gorgeous. Damask print & funky chandeliers galore.Staff is also super sweet & on it. There were 5 of us in one room, & there weren't enough towels. Called house keeping & they gave us SUPER warm blankets+pillows without us asking. I wish we had time to relax, explore the hotel, & take advantage of the pools more. We were actually on a schedule, so any downtime was spent sleeping or getting ready. But that's okay... next time ;) I'll definitely be back.
3	I stayed here last week.  Hotel has a nice lobby/entrance.  The reason it got 3 stars was because of lousy service and pour elevators.  I read about the bad service at this place but wasn't expecting it immediately.  The person checking me in couldn't even put my address in correctly and it took forever to check in.  I have stayed in Vegas many times and in other hotel and never experienced this issue.  The problem was the guy kept putting in the wrong city.  Even I noticed this while the guy didn't for a while.  The next issue I had with the place was the elevator banks.  They had 4 elevators per floor section or what not.  When there are a lot of people in the hotel this means a LONG wait for the elevator since there are only 4 servicing the floor you are on.  The third thing I had a problem with was at the Boulevard pool the service was super slow.  I had gotten day beds every time I was there and every time the service was like on a half hour schedule.  I'm talking the waitress comes every half an hour then your drink comes in half an hour.  The place wasn't packed I was shocked.  Also, the hotel is split into two towers and east/west.  Check in desk is by the west tower and if you are in the east tower you have to walk through the casino. Now enough negative stuff.  Other then the service and elevators this place is pretty awesome.  The restaurant options are amazing here.  Milos was an amazing Greek restaurant as well as my new favorite restaurant STK.  Food was amazing at STK and the music they play is pretty awesome as well.  The casino was a little small for a Vegas hotel but it was still good with the layout and the amount of tables/machines.  The decor in this place was great.  The chandeliers were a very nice touch.  Also, there are bars literally every where it is impossible for you to go dry here.I stayed in a wrap around terrace suite in the east tower.  If you can get this suite and pay the little extra for the view it is ABSOLUTELY worth it.  It will face the Bellagio fountains as well as the strip.  The view is incredible and you also have two full bathrooms =).
1	USED CONDOM found in the room upon arrival!! Enough said!Cons:This place has bad customer service. We were told that we could check in early if we arrived before noon. We arrived at 11:30am and ended up having to wait for 4 hrs. The receptionist convinced us to pay an additional $100 for a room with a pull out bed, which we never received. We were handed our room key and then the receptionist walked away without telling us how to get to our room. We ended up going to the wrong tower until someone directed us in the right way. We arrived in our room and found a used condom inside. The bathroom didn't seem clean. We called management and it took another 2 hrs to change our room. When we got in the new room, we realized it was a different room than what we paid for. Housecleaning sucked. Our second room we found candy in the floor. Place seems dirty. We spoke to the manager and asked for them to take off the extra $100 fee since we got the wrong room. Also, we requested a $50 room service comp, which doesn't justify the bad service and dirtiness of this place.Also, we brought food considering our room came with a microwave and dishwasher. We even called and asked the day before if we could bring a cooler in to carry our food. We started walking into our hotel a very rude security guard got really close to my face and said they don't allow outside food. Why the hell do they have a microwave, dishwasher in the room then! It makes no sense to me at all. Our food all ended up going bad, what a waste!The crowd is the "Jersey shore" type and kind of trashy. It doesn't seem to be catering to the high-end luxurious crowd. A lot of bachelor and bachelorette parties with 10+ ppl in their rooms, which is how they can afford to stay here. In the room next to us, they had 15 ppl in their room.They lie about the # of floors. You will notice floors in the 40s are missing and you will jump from the 4th floor to the 15th to the 30th. The bamboo pool is supposedly on the 14th floor, but it's more on the 6th. Place is just a bunch of lies and deceiving jokes.Pros:The bamboo pool was nice. Marquee is a cool club when it's not overly crowded and doesn't have creepy guys breathing down your neck. The design was cool, but not as cool as some other hotels I have seen. Next time I will go to the Wynn or Venetian.
1	Im going to apologize for this long review now but believe me youre going to want to know the depth of this one star yelp.In October 2010 i started planning my 40th bday to be celebrated on June 18 2011. I chose the wrap around suite at the cosmopolitan on the 30 something floor. yes the cosmo is beautiful, on the outside...but what unfolded  after that was so ugly, just like their staff and incompetence to hold reservations.  everything was set to go, i had 40 people meeting me in Vegas to party at the wrap around suite, a block of rooms were booked for friends as well.  i get their on June 17the to check in and they tell me my room is NOT ready. ok i can live with that, it happens.  and after waiting 2 hours we were able take possession of the adjoining room to the suite.  so we lugged all our luggage with a bellman to the adjoined room. then we waited another hour.  after that we went down to the reservation area to find out that they were NOT going to give me that suite.  the reason?: they said and i quote..."the person in that room from last night is a high roller and he lost a large amount of money, he is not ready to leave bc he wants to win his $ back"really?? wow, now i really feel like a pion, thanks Cosmo. They wanted to give me a regular room...i refused. then they wanted to give me the wraparound on the 17th floor. well i did my research and knew that that floor wraparound is obstructed view (from the Bellagio sign)...so i refused. after spending several hours wasted of my vacation time and countless moves with the bellman (plus tipping) i finally got a wrap around on the 23rd floor with the adjoined room. with the block of rooms now null and void. Guess the event planner we were working with was not such an event planner after all. The cosmo decided on good faith to ask us back on a "Recovery" visit. With the promise of the exact same set up as my bday room( wraparound 30th floor with joiner and $200 food and beverage credit) So here we are almost exactly one year later and we get to the Cosmo and the same exact scenario starts to unfold again. We brought friends with us with the promise of a wrap around suite and adjoining room. what we got was 2 separate regular rooms. WHY? well apparently the Cosmo is Punking Me. they again told me a reservation is not a guarantee...really? last time i checked thats why you make a reseration and c/c hold.  this was supposed to be a recovery visit not a "Repeat" visit!!!!  the cosmo has a lot to learn when it comes to reservations, and hospitality.  apparently if you dont exude MONEY, you get treated like a piece of dog crap!!! it is sad but a reality. im not asking for a lot only what I paid for and was promised. i dont think that is a lot to ask for in the hotel and hospitality world. the cosmo staff is HORRIBLE, their bartenders are snotty, the Marquee is CHEESY and the restaurants are over priced. It's pretty on the outside proving that beauty is within.  The Beauty of this trip is we were invited back on a 2nd recovery visit due to their incompetence...and i told my husband i will NEVER EVER go back to this place based on how i was treated even if i was paid to stay there...and basically we are being paid to stay there.
5	This hotel is every girls dream house. Pink, sparkling and full of delicious cocktails! I stayed here for my BFF's birthday weekend, and it couldn't of been better. The rooms were plush, with amazing views of the Bellagio fountains. There were pools for every type of experience you were looking for, and the location was right in the heart of it all. Next time I visit Vegas, The Cosmopolitan will be on the top of my list.
4	Hip, Modern, Flashy, Chic, Well Decorated, Fun. Basically everything a hotel and casino should be in Vegas. Close to a bunch of fun places, we got a room overlooking the Bellagio water show, pretty damn sweet. Tons of pools and a solid club, no reason to leave the place really ever... But that's the idea right!? Fun.
4	This place is beautiful!  Such a step up from the other casinos on the strip.  It boasts a lot of elegance and class.  Don't be fooled though.  The nightlife brings out the horn toads.  Tonight this place was packed with men trying to hit on women, women trying to hit on other women and men trying to hit on other men :) LOL.  As pricey as this place can be, it attracts a large young crowd, making the place super hip and trendy in my eyes.  I often times hit the three story Chandelier bar, Marquee and sometimes the restaurants on the third floor.  All in all, I think the Cosmo has a lot to offer.  Don't come here wanting a nice quiet evening though.  She's super loud!
2	Stayed here a couple weeks back and what a lovely atmosphere, however disappointment.  The service from planning to leaving was either very great or very poor, one extreme to another, no middle ground, here are a few examples, when we checked in early we were told the room would be ready in an hour, after that hour they said another hour, then turns out it was ready until 6pm! Wth, we then missed our afternoon plans... got to our room, wow what a great room until you look a little closer, very poorly cleaned. If you lifted a glass there was a ring of dust, all of the snacks had dust. My neighbor opened her drawer and found condom packages. Our bathroom was half stocked, we had to call for toilet paper and they never brought it. Asked for towels, never came. Now the Bed however seemed very clean (good they focused on that) very comfortable. The elevators designed poorly each time we used it took about 20 min or so because every time it came it was FULL. OMG and the pool, wth, I never thought that prior to booking I should ask what the prices are, turns out they have very little free/first come seating, it is all reserved, meaning you have to pay a min. $600 in food and beverage to reserve a simple lounge chair, not even  a cabana, rarely anyone could afford this which means more than half was empty and nowhere to hangout.  I would visit here, maybe a cocktail (all the bars were awesome) but I would not stay there again after this experience, not worth it.
4	Amazing hotel. The room was the nicest room I have ever stayed in. 2 beds, living room kitchen, balcony with a view of the fountains. The stafff, awesome. Whenever we called for something is was in our room quickly. They answered any question we had and were very helpful. The hotel itself is incredibly chic and young. Definitely the 21-35 year old crowd. The only negative was the check in. We checked in at 11 and had to wait around until 4 to get a text that our room was ready. It was not a huge deal since there is so much to do on the strip but I wish we could have went into the room when we arrived. Another thing that might turn some people off is the crowed is a bit of the "im better than you" type.
5	I tend to stay in downtown most of the time, so coming to the strip is an experience in how the other half lives. The half that reside at the Cosmopolitan are lucky sons of bitches. I LOVED this hotel. LOVE LOVE LOVED. It's so pretty and kitschy and I'm sure some people who are used to the finer things aren't impressed, but I totally was. I'm used to dingy ass, smoke-filled casinos full of old people, so this hotel made me feel like a slack-jawed yokel in a big city. Everyone there was so attractive. I'm super not-gay, but my gosh, the chicks walking around were total babes. The Cosmopolitan makes me want to spend all my money on my appearance so I can mix into that crowd with ease (funny, the magazine of the same name has also made me wish for this). We got cocktails at the Chandelier bar, and they were outstanding. One of them came with orange marmalade and maple syrup foam? WTFFFF? I like food and booze too much to not be insanely impressed. I could go on forever, but you get the point, right? Worth checking out.
5	By far the best hotel on the strip. Balconies for the men or smokers to light up cigars or whatever. Its a hip atmosphere with a smaller casino and shopping area. They some of the best food and best pools. Tons of areas where you can get away from the crowd. Its super close to the airport ( we paid $13 for a cab ride without traffic of course) and its right in the center so you can go either direction without traveling or paying too much. The rooms are huge and new compared to to other hotels. They have a mini kitchen sink to wash out your drinking vessels for the day. They will also check you in early and give you a key then text you when the room is ready. No waiting in line again for the key. Ive stayed here 6 times and cant wait for the 7th.
5	I love this hotel and its the most hippist funnest hotel on the strip.  The tables are lose and the clubs are awesome.
1	NICE TO VISIT...NIGHTMARE TO STAYAfter my best friend's bachelorette group was told our room was not ready almost 2 hrs AFTER check-in...we amused ourselves at the bar for another 2 hours until we finally got into our Wraparound Terrace Suite  - luckily we were all in good spirits and happy to start off our wonderful weekend in this glam hotel.After I pulled back the drapes to gasp in pleasure at the "panoramic views of the Vegas skyline" that we have been anticipating for months..watching hundreds of youtube videos and oogling the video gallery on the website...I choked on whatever good spirits I had just consumed as I stared at a full wall on one side and some rooftop of a parking structure with the freeway on the other side of this "expansive wraparound private terrace." Never mind that we upgraded from the regular terrace suite just for this wraparound terrace and its views...never mind that when we booked the room and requested for the "best view" we were told that ALL the Wraparound Terrace Suites have the best views. Never mind that "this suite boasts a sleek, modern kitchen featuring sycamore cabinetry with a sub-zero refrigerator, microwave and stove" but NO plates, NO eating utensils, NO cups? Were we suppose to pack our own coffee maker, too?!? Never mind that we didn't have a trash can in our bathroom or in the kitchen. They weren't kidding when they say this suite has "amenities not found in your typical Las Vegas hotel room." Never mind that we were ensured to be moved out of this excuse of a janitor's closet and into a better room the next day..then told no by a manager the next morning and that we should have never been promised that.What really got me is when the bride-to-be, my best friend, spoke with this manager and expressed to him how disappointed she was because of all-of-the-above...his response was "So what are you really complaining about?" Cosmopolitan..if you can't accommodate guests efficiently on a regular weekend, if you can't provide what is advertised through your website/staff, and if you can't hire management that actually care and respect those who walk through your door...SHAME ON YOU AND SHUT IT DOWN!!! ADVICE...DO NOT STAY IN THE WRAPAROUND TERRACE SUITE 1889 EASTSIDE TOWERS just for the "panoramic views of the Vegas skyline" ...THERE IS NONE.
2	When we walked through the indisputably sharply appointed Cosmopolitan, we thought, "Look at this pretentious nightmare of douche-bag hipster gloriousness! We must stay here!" And so this year, we did.The problem was: It IS a pretentious nightmare of douchebag hipsters. Douchebag trust-fund hipsters, to be precise. What we had enjoyed briefly, thinking for some reason that everyone was in on the irony, was quickly revealed to be entirely literal. The simplest way to describe it: Bellagio is old money. Cosmo is new money. The Marquee Day Club is modeled after South Beach clubs, with beds and bottle service and fake boobs perched on anorexic ribs and tanning bed tans and life-of-leisure abs. The "attitude" is as thick as the Pour Homme. Basically, douchebag mating grounds. Our wrap-around terrace suite was absolutely lovely (1887) with a commanding view of the Strip and the Bellagio fountains. Yet little things were...off. The towels were rough. The washcloths worn. There was no trashcan in the kitchen, nor a coffee maker. The bedroom phone cord had been ripped out. The robes were cuddly soft, though. My husband was genuinely freaked out by the uber-attitude, to the point where I think he was actually spoiling for a fight (you can take the boy outta da Bronx....). I reminded him that we were in THEIR world, that it was WE who had to adapt or die, that they were all behaving in exactly the appropriate manner for who they are. Please, thank you, excuse me...all as foreign to them as thrift stores and coupons.Next year? Back to Bellagio, where pretention is the frosting on a classy, moist cake, not the acai berry in the small-batch vodka of the month cocktail.
1	Walked in for a drink and look see.  Went to a bar which was populated with 20 something want-to-bes.  The stench of fish permeated the air.  I ordered a dirty martini which came disguised a vodka on the rocks.  One of the patrons knocked his beer on the floor which broke in a million pieces and all over my dress. The bartender didn't even offer a napkin as she looked the other way.  Ok if you like rude staff and being surrounded by Kim Kardashianesque posers
5	nothing bad can be said
5	We stayed here for our Honeymoon getaway last year and had such an amazing time, we came back for our anniversary.We both have never had an experience that was so nice, luxurious and amazing like we have at the Cosmopoiltan. For our honeymoon they upgraded us for no extra charge to the Terrace Suite with a view of the Bellagio fountain just outside our terrace. The room was clean, very roomy with nice furniture, a huge open shower, a Japanese Soaking Tub (which you can look out through the terrace and see the Bellagio fountains from!), a big comfy bed and two big flat screens (one in the living room and one in the bedroom) You can control the climate, lighting of each room, make appointments, check out and do so much more-all with the TV and the remote! Room service was quick! We had a light bulb out in the bathroom and it was fixed in less than 5 minutes from the time I called! The terrace was comfortable with a small couch and an awesome never-before seen (to us) aerial view of the fountains.The overall look inside the entire hotel is very new and modern with flat screens everywhere, built in to columns, inside the elevators with unique art shows playing on them. There are pieces of art all over as well and the attention to detail is extremely high. The Casino doesn't reek of cigarette smoke as do the other casinos that we have been through. You can't miss the extravagant Chandelier Bar that is just something you have to see for yourself. The restaurants (at least all the ones we have dined at) are all top-notch with the highest quality and creativity that is worth the reasonably high prices that you pay. The service from all the employees from the front desk, bell desk, room service, valet to the bartenders are all best that you can expect from such a nice, upscale hotel. The service always seems personalized to us. It really gives you a feeling of luxury.We've used two of the three pools (The Boulevard and the Bamboo,) and both were relaxing and quiet - it wasn't all Spring Break up in there, which suits our laid back personalities best. My wife treated us both to a couples massage in the Sahra Spa and it was a luxurious experience all by itself. The staff made it very personalized just for us. We both got massages that custom to what our needs were at the moment and my wife got the prenatal massage and I got one that focused on what I needed work on. It was very relaxing and was very nice to be in the same room together.On our stay for our anniversary, we checke!d in around 3pm and our room wasn't going to be ready for another 2 hours! It was Sunday and everyone was leaving so we were just going to wait. They then offered us an upgrade to the Wrap-Around Terrace Suite for a generous price since we had to wait so long. We decided to go along and try it out. The room has all the amenities and features that our room the year before had and then some! First of all, the room is HUGE inside with a laundry room,a full kitchen with a stove, two seperate bathrooms and showers, a big bath tub. When you step out onto the terrace, the amount of area that you can see is just breathtaking! The room was bigger than we could have utilized but it was our honeymoon and it was worth upgrading!Both our our stays here have been just amazing. This is our home in Las Vegas and we could not imagine staying anywhere else.
4	Love the Cosmopolitan.  Had an amazing room and requests for fresh towels were fulfilled promptly.  The pools are great and it is by far my favorite hotel on the strip at the moment.  Only thing keeping it from 5 stars is the slow check in process.
5	Stayed three nights at the suite, and had a great experience!  The room was very modern, chic, very roomy, a huge shower, and a very deep soaking tub.  We truly relaxed and enjoyed.  Very different from any other Las Vegas hotels, we did not go through casino in order to check in.  That was very PLUS, because I hate smoking smell.  The hotel's swimming pools were very nice, but it was closed at 8pm.  That's OK, and we can enjoyed our night life! I will definitely BACK!!!
5	I stayed in a Terrace One Bedroom for five nights in March 2012. There are a few reasons why this isn't the place for me but I still have to give it five stars. It was fairly busy upon arrival and the check in lines were long but went fairly quick. Our check in clerk was really friendly but professional. He did however accept my $20 tip and I was upgraded from the standard Terrace One Bedroom to the same room but on the 28th floor overlooking the fountains (a ~$40 a night upgrade on their website). This made me HAPPY.The room was immaculate. Classy and actually had its own style other than the generic modern style that MGM properties all have now and many other casinos are copying. I liked the blue instead of all the drab earth tones. Flat screen tv with lots of channels that were actually in HD! The bed. JFC this is the most comfortable bed in the world. No matter which way I plopped down on it I never moved. It was supremely comfortable. I would wake up in the exact same spot I fell asleep in, never having moved. The balconies are just awesome. I smoke and my girlfriend doesn't, we had the best of both worlds. The view of the Bellagio fountain and the strip is beyond incredible. Really makes you feel like a baller. And it should for upwards of two hundred bucks a night! The bathrooms are pretty awesome too but having to walk through the shower area to get to the tub is kind of odd. The tub is a good size for two people though and there is a window that provides the same view as your balcony. Great place to sit and relax after walking four thousand miles up and down the strip all day.I'm still giving five stars but there were some negatives. Most are just my personal opinions and preferences. You definitely may feel differently. The entire casino/clubs/bars and everything in here, including the people, are just a little too damn cool for me. I feel like I'm in the middle of a modeling convention or something. Its just too much for me. If you are super cool and trendy then you will probably love it. I wear basketball shorts every day. I felt out of place.Everything is ridiculously expensive. They gotta pay for it somehow. $14 drinks are the norm. Can I just get a $5 whiskey and coke somewhere please? I realize its Vegas but a happy hour or something would be nice. The only restaurant I ate at was China Poblano. I was under the impression it was the type of place I could just pop in for a quick taco. They looked at me like I had two heads and the whole experience was really awkward. My $6 two-bite taco was not good at all. Like really not good. Greasy and gross. Tortilla sucked.All in all this place is awesome. I would definitely stay here again because of the rooms/beds and especially the balcony. I would spend even less of my time in the casino or at the bars though. Its just not for me.
5	I've been to Las Vegas a handful of times, and, to date, the Cosmopolitan is probably my favorite hotel that I've stayed in! The decor of this hotel is just so elegant and feminine in the lobby and in the hotel rooms. I love the huge Chandelier Bar in the middle. Marquee is probably my favorite club in Las Vegas too- and it's great to just stumble up to your room when after it's time to leave! They have great restaurants like China Poblano and the Overlook Grill for more casual dining if you don't want to go overboard on the meals. Room service was awesome, even the bell hop that grabbed our bags was great! Definitely a hotel for young 20-somethings (like myself)!Oh! And (as random as it is) I loved the toiletries that are in the hotel rooms! The Cosmo uses tiny C.O. Bigelow products, which makes some of my favorite lotions and scents. It was great to get some of my favorite products in travel size!Don't forget about their secret pizza shop! It's fabulous because it looks like an arcade from the other end of the hallway, but it's a great little pizza shop with the easiest drink selection you'll ever make! (Do you want red or white wine?)
3	The Casino has a cool look to it. Parking sensor is sweet if it's working. The food here isn't soo great. Milos is overpriced food just like the Chase commercial.need to go find something else to eat afterward. Secret Pizza is overly salty and does not taste good. It may only taste good to you if you been partying or high and is super hungry & got nothing else to eat. You can't taste the favor of it because your taste palette is messed up.
4	The Cosmo - Las Vegas' most over hyped hotel.This hotel is already showing heavy signs of wear and tear... probably because every 21+ LA native comes here to party hard.The rooms are adequately comfortable but something about it screams, too simple. I prefer more elegant accommodations; personally nothing beats the Bellagio in that department.The downstairs casino and surrounding bar areas are beautiful and very modern. The rooms don't seem to match the grandeur of the lower levels, but that's just me.This place is great if you have plans to go to Marquee... you can just stumble up an elevator and be in your room. No cabs to deal with, which is pretty great at 4:00 A.M. after a night of drinking.Overall, this hotel is impressive but could be better.
2	Nephi, after a encounter with a nasty front desk clerk, I finally made it to my room with my heavy luggage  However, I couldn't open the door. Finally, using 2 hands and my entire body weight i barely cracked the door open. The room, however was impressive,very sleek,large, jacuzzi tub, 2flat screens, kitchen,balcony; everything I expected and more. Then my disappointed continuedA few hours later my husband opened an $8 bottle of water and drank 1/3ofthe bottle and left the bottle on the table. The next morning the bottle disappeared, probably was removed by the housekeepers. Why? At night I took a bath. Upon ending, my husband noticed that the entire florin the bathroom was totally soaked so we had to use all of our towels to absorb the water. Then the water still remained in the bathtub so the water didn't drain well.during the day Saturday I stopped by the room to get something. I asked my friend in room 2842to open the door to the room. She also barely had enough strength to open the door.Upon entering the room there was a weird water running noise coming from the bathtub but it stopped within a minute or so.When I returned to the room after dinner, thru up in the sink and the sink wouldn't drain. I went to take a bath. Again I got out of the tub and the floor in the bathroom was full of water. I called beck and call and the lady said she would send someone to take care of the sink. I waited 30minutes and called the front desk manager, Zack. During our conversation, the weird bathtub noise started again and last about 1-2 minutes. Finally the plumber arrived and he stated that the front door is hard to open. The following morning I woke up and went to brush my teeth and saw the remainder of my throw up in the sink. The plumber unclogged the sink but didn't run the water as to clean the sink! Unacceptable for this level of hotel! There are weird noises in the room, maybe coming from the elevator 24/7. I have a verizon Iphone and the cell service in the rooms poor to terrible.  The TV across from the bed had streaks of fuzz every few minutes.We weren't able to check out from the room and went down to the lobby to huge check in lines. Clerk said to use the kiosk. Kiosk said that we need to see the host. None of the staff knew who and where the host was! After 15 min my husband got mad and called a manager who checked us out and said that the front desk manager would respond to the email but I never rec'd anything.Honestly, nothing was quite right. We usually stay at Venetian,Palazzo, Ritz, Four Seasons and am always amazed at the service and quality. Maybe I expected too much from Cosmopolitan.  room west 3228 and 2842
4	+/- It's a pretty casino but I don't know how long that will last since it's so trendy- Casino games are so expensive even in the early  mornings of the night, nothing less than $25 a table+ if you hold out on getting the Casino's membership card, you can get some sort of promo with it; for example I was able to spin a wheel to win 2 tickets to the buffet (other prices were match play, slot play or spa tickets)- Wicked Spoon is their buffet which isn't very good and definitely not worth the long wait+/- Marquee is the new hot club in town but the stairs between each of the dance floors is such a killer towards the end of the night+/- there's the day time Marquee pool party that looks hopping but at a cost; and then there's the free pool which doesn't get much sun since the tall buildings around it creates shade+ beautiful king bedroom suites+/- the view from the wrap around terrace is pretty but not that impressive (really windy on the balconies)Note:I think the rollaway beds are free, at least we weren't chargedAlso, because the Cosmo is a Marriott chain hotel, you can price match any deals found on another site with their claim form (https://www.marriott.com/look/claimForm.mi) so be on the look out!
5	John MacFarlane from concierge was extremely helpful, if you need anything ask for him! I needed a giftcard for my stepmom out in las Vegas,and even though I'm here in Chicago he helped me through all of it! What a great guy! Plus they have an amazing cosmopolitan!
5	Vegas seems like our second home...I love this hotel.  Customer service to me and my husband is always A+.   There was one time we got a room with very loud AC, but they took care of it and the AC did not make anymore loud noise. I love the parking area because they have green and red lights letting you know there is a parking spot available.  The hotel is right next to Bellagio which is basically the prime location for everything.  The rooms with balcony is fantastic, always a great view of the strip or even the water show at the Bellagio.  Gambling is OK, I don't gamble much so I really don't know.  The Chandelier is GORGEOUS, great place to take pictures!
4	I stayed here for 6 nights. Yes, six nights in Vegas, Am I a masochist? Perhaps. But it was for work. And even with that point of reference, time ceased to exist; as did regular sleep and nourishment. You find yourself in a neon haze surround by 4-inch heels and a plethora of douche. This level of exposure is really only recommended for the professional... or the insane... or perhaps Justin Beiber. My time in Vegas was something akin to Jesus's 40 days and nights. Was I tested? Yes. Was I enlightened? Only my pocketbook. Would I have rather endured this trial anywhere else? No. Cosmo is the place to be on the Strip. Until next week, when something shinier comes along. The rooms are alright, 3/5. I had a mere City Room. Though I faced exposure to a Terrace Room and a Two Bedroom Suite. None of which knocked my socks off. But you don't really come to Vegas for the rooms do you? Not unless you are my mom. And then it's all about the rooms and nickel slots. Comso is aout the scene, 5/5. And from a technical standpoint, the layout is quite refreshing. It is linear and provokes a casual and meander to and fro two definitive points of access--not this circular, "Wait where am I?" thing every other casino in Vegas has. And then there's food: I ate at 8/14 restaurants during my stay. Yes, I lived here. All have the Vegas prim$um attached. So beware, but that is to be expected. The standouts for me were: Holstiens and Jaleo. So indulge dear friends! Get meta and have a cosmo in Cosmo. I dare you. Your head may explode... But only temporally?And if you need an explanation for this review: There is a chance I'm still slightly intoxicated as I write this. And yes, it's a week later.
4	This review is just for my experience gambling and parking here. I did not stay @ the Cosmopolitan this time around although, after this visit, I'm certainly open to it. The parking garage is HIGH-Tech for sure. I may be a nerd but I just really appreciate that they have digital boards up tracking how many spots are available on each level. Plus they have indicator lights over each space in the aisle. You can clearly see the blue light (or green?  I forget) amongst the sea of red lights indicating that a space is open. Plus parking is FREE people ( it is pretty much everywhere on the strip but some people don't know.)  Anyway, card games are much more chill here. On the main floor, you just play against the house. No playing against each other. Just keeps it simple which I like. I wish the servers were a bit quicker with the drinks but they were free so I'm not really upset about it. The cosmopolitan is a great place right in the center of all the Strip action. I would definitely come back to play, eat, and stay.
5	The entire experience was amazing.  The room was definitely hands down the best I've ever had the pleasure of staying in.  The view was amazing.  The shops, restaurants, and atmosphere were worth the price alone.  Staff was helpful in everything we needed.  And you cannot go wrong with the Identity Membership.  Will definitely repeat next time I'm in Las Vegas...
1	Do yourself a favor and don't stay here. The preponderance of incompetence at The Cosmopolitan is amazing--a very disappointing experience.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Oh, the mistakes, let me count the ways:1. Room was not available on check-in. The desk clerk refused to give an estimate on when it would be ready, but promised a text message.2. There was no text message when the room was ready. Eventually, we checked back at the front desk, and they said it was ready. (Much later that night, finally the text came.)3. They gave us the wrong room type, with no warning.4. Ichabod at the front desk was very RUDE.  When we asked about the wrong room type, he tried to convince us that we really wanted the room they gave us. There was NO APOLOGY at all. He was DISHONEST about it. He said that the room we got was bigger (it's smaller) and more money (it's the same price). I told him he was wrong, as I was looking at their website on the web browser at the front desk, which had the room dimensions and prices. He implied that there was something wrong with us for wanting the room that we reserved. He said that he always stays in that style room. He said that he has never had anyone be unhappy with that room. The room we wanted was all booked up. (Apparently, everyone else thought the room we wanted was better too.) Terrible customer service. No excuse. If I order a chocolate shake, and the waiter brings me strawberry by mistake, he shouldn't try to sell me on the merits of the strawberry shake.--The Cosmopolitan could have just told us from the start that they had to switch our room type and apologized.--5. The bell desk took about 45 min to bring up our bags. We had to call twice, because they did not come after 30 min.6. Several of the light switches in the room did not work. There were lights that we couldn't turn off or couldn't dim.7. The TV remote was dying.8. Room service: the crackers and flatbread were missing from our cheese plate.9. White stains on the couch. (Hmm. . .Where's Catherine Willows with the UV light?)10. What is with the lack of trash cans?? And no coffeemaker. . .You might as well pretend that the kitchenette does not exist, especially since no outside food or drink is allowed. It is an illusion.11. Poorly designed shower-tub layout (in the "terrace one bedroom"): The shower looks awfully pretty, but once you're inside, you realize the layout is a bad idea. Because the shower is open on one side, there is nothing to contain the warm, steamy air. The open side connects to the tub, which is open to the bed area and the whole unit. Outside that stream of water is nothing but air conditioning, which feels great when you're dry, but not so much when you're wet. Whatever side of you not facing the water gets cold fast.I'm not super enthusiastic about the "Japanese soaking tub" either. It's a small, square tub with two benches on opposing corners. When I sat on one of the benches, the water came to about. . .my belly button. . . and I'm only 5'4" tall.  12. The in-room TV checkout is useless, because the bill was not itemized. It combined all of the food and beverage charges as one line.13. The kiosk for airline flight check-in didn't work.14. There were erroneous charges for the mini-bar. Some were for items that were already missing when we arrived. Others were for items not missing at all. The desk clerk claims to have removed these charges. We'll see.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I'm not upset merely because this is clearly not a world class hotel. I'm upset because I have stayed in several Vegas strip hotels and never faced such rude and poor treatment.AVOID The Cosmopolitan--They don't deserve your money. Stay at a hotel that will treat you with respect instead.
5	My favorite hotel in Vegas! Enjoyed and loved our stay here, staff was super friendly all around anytime of day, going out of their way to please us.BeautifulElegantFirst Class Customer ServiceWhen we left the hotel, our car and bags came up at exactly the same time, what great coordination!I don't understand all these other negative comments, what do you expect when its VEGAS and there are a ba-jillion other people demanding everything at the same time. Give them a break, the do a pretty good job. I'll def stay here again!
3	Pros:Amazing fountain view overlooking the Strip from balconiesSuites are very large and modernShower and tub were top of the line Good workspaceCons:Pools get very limited sunOverpriced for what you getCharge for internet...really? Is this 1997? $25/day if I remember rightNothing that specialWynn has a much nicer pool areaAdditional charges for everythingRefrigerator is stocked full so you can't even use it for anything of your own, weight sensors charge you if you move anything
4	This is a really nice hotel.  Great gym.  Great pools (specifically the Bamboo Pool - as I consider myself an adult - get there before 11 is you want a seat). Great casino floor.  Lots of fun stuff to look at - yes.  Everything about this place is really nicely done.  We were in a Terrace Studio.  We've been in a lot of nice hotels - but this is my new favorite.  Tons of space in all rooms.  It really felt like home away from home.  And the bed was the best hotel bed I've been in in a long time - better than the Ws and the St. Regis.  I haven't slept that well away from home in a long time - almost so much so that I wanted to stay another night.  We will be back.
1	HUGE COCKROACH IN BATHROOM OF OUR ROOM!!!! Let me begin by saying how excited my husband and I were for this trip, and especially to stay at The Cosmopolitan - the newest, hottest hotel on the strip. We've stayed at 5 different other 5 star hotels so far in previous visits, but were sure this one looked even better. We've had this trip planned for over a year and met friends out there whom we hadn't seen for just as long. We arrived Thursday night, and were immediately blown away by the lobby. We looked at each other as we stood in line to to check-in, "Oh yes, this has got to be the nicest hotel built in Vegas yet." Excitedly we went up to our room in the East tower. I found it cute when the woman who checked us in said, "I put you guys in the East tower because it looks like you want to have fun." We rode up to the 22nd floor - headed to room 2288. The 1 bedroom suite was seemingly a dream suite for a 4 night stay in Vegas! Spacious with a jacuzzi overlooking our balcony, and a good sized kitchen area! I took pictures and proudly showed off where we were staying on facebook right away - with the caption "By far the best rooms in Vegas to stay in - better than Encore even!" We quickly unpacked all of our things into the drawers of the bathroom, and hung all of our nice clothing. We had already grabbed drinks and snacks from Walgreens across the street, so our little mini fridge was set to go as well. We were settled in nicely, waiting for our friends to arrive from across the country. Now is where the tables turned fast about this place. I opened the door to the toilet (small room that is sectioned off from the bathroom), and had already started to crouch and sit my behind down when there it was - fast and bright copper, about the size of the width of a credit card, was a COCKROACH - right on top of the toilet, crawling on the spare roll that the hotel has wrapped in blue silk. I've never jumped and screamed so fast in my life out of that room, straight onto the couch where my hands met my face in immediate tears. My husband looked at me in horror asking what happened. I told him in panic as I checked my skin over and over for creepy crawlers. He went and checked, (admitted to not believing me when I first said it to him), and came out smiling , "Wow you're right. And he's a big boy too." The first thing he did was get a good picture of it too. I screamed at him in more tears, "It's not funny!! Grab all of our stuff right now! We need to leave!"He told me to calm down and call the front desk. I did just that, and a woman answered. I hurriedly told her what we just found in our room, and her immediate calm response was, "Oh alright, would you like me to put in an order to maintenance, to have someone come up there and get it for you?" !!!!! "Excuse me?!! Get a maintenance guy is your response to this?! YES! & while we pack all of our stuff up, we cannot stay here! What can you do about this ma'am? I am horrified!" in more tears. "I'm sorry but we're fully booked, it's a holiday weekend." I immediately demanded a manager, knowing I'm bound to get some sort of immediate solution and/or relief from whoever was to pick up the phone next. As a business owner myself, and manager, I would be furious with an employee who took such a coy approach to the disaster unfolding. Jeff, the night manager gets on the phone. I quickly get him up to speed, although I soon realize he was already prepared with what he said next. It was at least 3 minutes before I was put through to him, which felt like an eternity as I'm standing there, scratching my legs, arms and my eyes are scanning every inch of the room. He immediately takes the "friend" approach with me and asks if it's ok to call me by my first name. "Rochelle, what would you like us to do about it? Don't worry, she already put in the order for it to be removed from your room. I don't know how long it will be though, we are very busy. I realize this is an unpleasant thing to find in your room, but I really can't move you anywhere else. We're booked solid, I'm sorry." In horror, and almost a squeal I said "JEFF, maybe you didn't hear me correctly, but I FOUND A MASSIVE COCKROACH in my room that I paid a lot of money for!! This is a 5 star hotel that I booked based off of great reviews and reputation. This is not OK, and whether there is an infestation of roaches on this floor or just one, its enough to make my skin crawl and feel absolutely filthy and paranoid obviously. I cannot stay here, especially not in this room or floor for that matter. Put yourself in my shoes! " Manager Jeff continues, "I understand they're not a fun bug to look at, but I can assure you the whole time I've worked here no ones found one. They're like the moths that fly in guests' rooms sometimes, sometimes they're there. Nothing you can do but get used to the idea that you might find one from time to time. Hey Rochelle, I'm from Florida - they are everywhere there and it's the norm. He Chuckled.
4	My boyfriend and I spent this past weekend staying at The Cosmopolitan and I must say, we were really impressed with the staff and the overall experience. We are definitely going to think of this place when we want to visit Vegas again.I'm still recovering from the crazy weekend coupled with two grueling days back in school (i'm beyond 'Case of the Mondays' and it's finals next week), but I just had to note that the dayclub pool party Marquee holds is ANNOYING. Well, to be more accurate, it was annoying because I was trying to nap when I first landed in Vegas where I had an insanely early flight (6:35am) and then had to wait for my room 3-4 hours after we checked in. Even though we were on the 29th floor, it didn't save us from all that bass flowing into the room.If that is something you absolutely cannot stand then perhaps this isn't the hotel for you only because I couldn't tell you how you could avoid facing the pool and I don't know if they would actually give you the room away from it.The noise level definitely knocked off 1 star off the rating even though Saturday it wasn't as annoying (I believe I started hearing music begin to play around 11am). It actually prompted me to wake up and start getting ready. Other than that, I enjoyed everything The Cosmopolitan had to offer.
1	This review is only for the hotel customer service. Whenever I go to Vegas I always stay at Trump to avoid all the regular Vegas noise, cigarette smell, parking issues etc... but this time I got an offer from Cosmopolitan and Google Offers for LUCKYRICE Night Market at The Cosmopolitan. (one night stay - with possible room upgrade + luckyrice VIP tickets for 2)I purchased the offer through Google and contacted the Cosmopolitan Lifestyle and Entertainment department (702-698-7129 & 702-698-7131) and nobody ever answered the phone. I left messages and nobody called me back in 5 days. Finally I called the regular reservations hotline, I spoke with the representative who wasn't helpful at all, didn't even know there is a LUCKYRICE event that weekend, spoke with her supervisor and at the end told me to call Google (?!).The event is on Saturday and everything looked so shady and unprofessional that I just cancelled everything, requested a refund and unfortunately feeling very disappointed will skip the event. I'd rather stay somewhere where people actually care about their guests
3	This is a tough review to write,based on my bias...This is a beautiful casino with grand chandeliers, classy looking bars/restaurants, and the decor/lighting is the nicest I've ever seen.However...If you're bothered greatly by douchebags, as I am, this place WILL annoy you, as it is a huge douchebag attractant. I came here for the first time to try Wicked Spoon, which was awesome when I finally got in, but the people you have to listen to and pass who are patronizing this establishment, ugh.Please at least come here to view the art pieces and historic blown up photos of old Las Vegas and try the Wicked Spoon.
5	The Cosmopolitan is one of the most modern and amazing casinos on the strip. Definitely great for the younger crowd. I liked that they actually had some Spanish 21 tables and of course they have a great club and an absolutely AMAZING buffet called Wicked Spoon! (see my other review for its greatness!)
4	we stayed here 1/23-1/26 in the wrap-around suite. it was so nice! i wish i had lived here! the front desk was courteous....too lazy to write a review. to end it, the wrap-around was awesome but my bf was itchy, then it was me. i think it's the detergent or something, that they use to wash their bed sheets, towels, etc. unless it was something we ate that made us itch.anyways, would definitely stay here again. i'll probably stay here once more to see if it was indeed the bed sheets, towels, etc.til then...i'm going back to the Aria for my birthday come this August! made reservations just now, for the wonderful corner suite! =)dinged 1 * for the itchy and scratchy.
4	I had visited the Cosmo before but this was the first time I actually stayed here. Not surprisingly, not disappointed. This place has everything and you really would never have to leave if you didn't want to. Plenty of restaurants, casino action, and even shopping located within this small metropolis. I didn't try all of the restaurants but am a regular at the secret pizza place and can't recommend it enough. Also tried China Poblano. I wrote separate reviews on each so I'll limit this to the Cosmo as a whole. Check in was fast at about 11:00 am on a Sunday morning. A server was walking around those in line offering chilled water. A nice touch. I had read some reviews about up-sells at the front desk when you check in, attempts to get you to pay for an upgrade to a better room. I also experienced one of these. But it was very tastefully done, not like a used car sales pitch at all. It went something like this...So being 11 am, I was told my "basic" room was not ready. But if I wanted to pay $40 for an upgrade to a nicer, much larger room which contained a balcony, why sir, your room would be ready right now. Okay come on. We both know there is a basic room ready right now as well. I place the odds at about 90%. But okay. You win. I know you won't give me the basic room so my choices are: (1) wait several hours for the basic room to be ready, check my luggage, tip them folks, then lock an item I'm carrying in the safety deposit box, fill out that paper work, then have to come back and get it later, etc. Or (2) Drop the $40 and be done with it. Since I wasn't paying for this room anyway, I chose option 2. But honestly, it's games like these I don't like.The room was immaculate (see a few photos I posted). Way more space than I needed and a very generous balcony in terms of square footage. You could actually stretch out there and even pace around if you wanted to (although you might look a bit strange pacing out there). It's private too. You can't see the other guests on their balconies. Very well placed. The bathroom is huge and the toilet area is sequestered off behind a door, which could be useful if you are not traveling alone like I was. Climate control in the room was perfect (I like it cold and could get it nice and frosty). Elevators are fast and kind of entertaining inside. Low lighting, digital ads, music, lights, etc. Hey if you have to ride in an elevator, it might as well be entertaining, right? Every staff member with whom I came into contact was friendly, helpful, and professional. Even though the place can be crowded, I never felt lost in that crowd. But to give you an idea of how happening this place is, I got up at 5:30 am on Monday (being on east coast time) and walked downstairs only to find the place was mobbed - mostly with the rave convention crowd which had not even gone to bed yet. Youth. It truly is wasted on the young. I silently thanked myself for being 41 and having gone to bed early the night before. I was refreshed and hung out at the Book and Stage area, which is very laid back. At night the B&S even has live music. I would not recommend Cosmo if you're traveling with kids. A party atmosphere permeates throughout and I don't recall seeing any kids or families during my entire stay. So all in all, I love the Cosmo. It can get packed and the restaurants are hit or miss. But I think everyone should stay here at least once to check it out.
5	Stayed there from 6/17-6/19 ...Had  1 room suite with fountain/paris view balcony with my bf...To make a long review short...1 word ..PERFFFFFFECT!!!!
4	With Vegas being perhaps the trendiest city, this is probably the hottest hotel right now.  I say right now, because who knows what the next place would be.  Had the city room on the 30th floor with a view of the strip and the Bellagio fountains.   The room is a bigger than your average hotel room.  The bathroom is nice and spacious and has all the modern amenities.  The thing that annoyed me about this place was you had to use your room key to get to a floor and didn't always work on the first try.  The hotel has the hottest club Marquee, nice restaurants, and a locals' gem, a pizza joint right next to Blue Ribbon on the third floor.  Service staff was good, thought it could be better, but the good thing is, didn't have to use them much.  Keep in mind, this place is a Marriott chain, so they will price match and take another 25% off of the bill.  Long as they're not losing money, I'm sure Marriott will keep that in effect.  It does take 24hrs Marriott to process the price match.
4	Both times I've been to Vegas, I stayed at The Cosmopolitan. It was the THING since it's the newest hotel on the Strip. I was in love with everything inside. The visuals in the hotel lobby, at the front entrance, in the elevator, etc just make it so modern. The casino is so classy-looking too. I think the shininess makes it so easy to be lured into the table games. And how could you resist a drink at the Chandelier Bar? It's so relaxing just to sit in those comfortable sofa chairs, sipping on a Hot Mule, looking up at the dazzling crystals. The Cosmopolitan lived up to its name.While the shopping isn't the most spectacular thing inside the Cosmopolitan, it has a very decent restaurant collection. Holstein's have the best burger for a good price. Kobe beef burgers, with a large side of shoe string fries, and a free house beer if you check into foursquare? It's amazing! The only regret I have was being too drunk too early to enjoy my burger 100%. I had to check with my boyfriend whether I was eating an amazing burger or I was just drunk. Don't worry, he reassured me that the burger was indeed delicious. Milos on the third floor has such great deal and view for lunch for $20.12. Jaleo was okay, perhaps I'm not too thrilled about Spanish cuisine. I can tell you that their paella isn't overly salted and the presentation of that lobster paella is amazing. However, not all of their dishes are worth the price, for they are a bit too bland or boring. Overall, the choices available at Cosmo's restaurant collection is enough to feed through a weekend trip.I've stayed in their Terrace Studio and their Terrace One Bedroom. First advice, do not stay here with just friends--especially friends you do not feel too close with. Their bathrooms are amazingly nice and roomy, but lacking in privacy. We had four girls sharing the bathroom in the Terrace Studio, where the window above the jacuzzi tub was just a hole in the wall, covered by a thing paper blind. If your friends are trolls, they can just lift up the blinds from the living room and see what you're doing. Unless you're doing your #1 or #2, they will be able to see you in the all glass shower or in the jacuzzi. My boyfriend quoted the bathroom in our Terrace One Bedroom as an orgy bathroom. You can see the shower from the bed, though there are blinds covering the shower windows. and there's the paper blinds covering the Japanese style sitting bathtub on the other side of the room. You can literally climb into the bathtub from the bedroom! So imagine how uncomfortable your friends will be if you guys were to share a room like those. Unfortunately, their noise cancelling windows don't work too well. My Terrace One Bedroom was located right in between Marquee and the pool. Day and night I can hear the music blasting through my closed balcony doors! As much as I love Marquee, I think it's bringing in a crowd I don't want to be around when I feel like a R&R moment.
5	I love you Cosmo.  For the hotel that you want to be and the hotel that you almost are!  I love you and I don't care what anyone thinks.  There is something so sexy about this place.  I have stayed here four times now, and tried out several different rooms, all of which were amazing.  I've dined at most of the restaurants (which are reviewed separately), but on the most recent occasion, I splurged on an amazing wraparound terrace suite for my friend's bachelorette party.  I say splurge, but really I got an amazing deal straight off of Cosmo's website.  If you can afford it, YES IT IS WORTH IT!  Just the balcony itself was out of this world and totally worth the extra $$ to upgrade the view.There is something about the casino floor itself that I do not enjoy.  I think it is the low ceilings.  But since I am not a gambler, I am content to hang out at the Vespar bar or Chandelier both of which are ultra cool. When this place first opened in December of 2010, I knew it was only a matter of time before people grew tired of the latest offering.  Then I went here and realized that Cosmo's appeal is long-lasting.  With such unique bar and food offerings, free concerts at Book & Stage and free concerts and movies at the pool, this place is just as fun for locals as it is for out-of-towners.  I mean it.  I really do love you Cosmo.
5	After staying here on Memorial Day weekend I will never stay at any other hotel other than the Cosmo!!!  There is not need to stay at any other hotel.  This place is a party in itself!  All the hottest chicks are located here!!Our suite was awesome and had a great view facing the Bellagio fountain and over looking the strip.  The hotel staff was great and provided the best customer service one can receive!!  This is a must for party goers!!!Also if you're into pizza, do checkout their secret pizza joint on the third floor in the east tower. It is adjacent to the blue ribbon sushi bar grill.  It is the best NY style pizza.
2	After booking a room at the Cosmo for 3 nights and checking out the hotel website, I was definitely pumped to stay at a top of the line, new hotel located directly in the center of the Las Vegas strip. As other reviews have mentioned, this hotel IS swanky. The furnishings are nothing but chic, the chandeliers are massive, the bedding is lovely, the bathrooms are brand new and furnished with nice shampoos, conditioners, lotions, etc. As for the hotel itself, I was definitely impressed. As for the customer service...well, that's another story. You'd expect a premium 5 star hotel on the Vegas strip to offer nothing but the best in customer service and satisfaction. Unfortunately, the service was not up to my expectations when it comes to a 5 star hotel. When I checked in with my boyfriend for a 3 night stay, we were informed that the hotel has a DEPOSIT of $150/night. Seriously? I understand that a deposit is necessary, and many hotels have a deposit requirement, but $150 per night is a bit excessive. We told the front desk clerk that we had a late flight out. She told us to just call downstairs and request a late check out, and that it shouldn't be a problem.The morning of our departure, we called downstairs to request a late check out. We were informed that any check out after 12:00 noon would be charged for a half-day's rate. What? This was not communicated to us on check in. What seemed like it wouldn't be a big deal was clearly an issue for the hotel. After attempting to negotiate, we were able to get a 1:00 check out. A whole 2 hours? Gee, thanks. The icing on the cake was when a hotel employee knocked on our door at around 11:30 and told us that we were late checking out. After calling the customer service number and complaining about her treating us like children, we did not receive any sort of solution other than an apology.Overall, the hotel itself is lovely, the customer service is lacking. Try somewhere else.
5	I'm not a hotel snob, but I can definitely see myself being one in Vegas after staying at the Cosmo.  I'm usually the travel on a budget kind of guy, so this was a little indulgent, but I was dying to stay here and I was super duper impressed.Now, a parking garage is usually not that interesting.  Leave it to the Cosmo to win your affections with trendy wall art by Obey and parking spot indicators to let you know open spaces available.  If there is a red light over the spot- it's taken, green of course means, go.  No more circling the lot hoping to find the closest opening like an idiot.  Unless you're colorblind, this was a genius idea.From the moment you walk into the hotel, you know this is going to be an experience unlike anything else.  First, the air is not stale and smokey.  Instead, it smells fresh and clean and you don't feel like your suffocating in a chain-smoking old lady's car.  That not enough?  Visual displays line the walls with cool artwork and the furniture looks as if you're in a loungey nightclub versus a hotel.  Just speculation, but this could be one of the main reasons why the demographic of the patrons seems to skew younger.  Not rowdy fraternity type, but more like younger businesslike professionals.A nice hotel room to me is the Monte Carlo, so this was a huge upgrade.  We got a Terrace Suite and OMG.   A living area, a bathroom with a jacuzzi tub and walk in shower with seating, flatscreen televisions in your living room and bedroom, a plush micro-fiber L-shaped couch, a full work area, half kitchen, a private balcony overlooking the strip and a bed that felt like clouds.  It took every ounce in my being to not leave the room during the stay.If you're the clubby type, they have Marquee, a popular Vegas hotspot right on premises.  During the day, the pool definitely fills up as top-40 gets blasted over the speakers.  We didn't get a chance to try it, but the Cosmo's buffet, Wicked Spoon,  is supposed to be one of the best in Vegas.  I will definitely have to check it out upon my next visit!I highly recommend this hotel.  We found decent rates during the week by booking through their website.
2	During my personal trip the Cosmo deserved no stars, but I realize that hopefully it wasn't the norm. We checked in at 3:30pm, check in was 3. We told them we had four ppl and needed two beds, like we reserved 6 months prior. They explained that they were sold out and all they had was a one bedroom king. Ok...... I thought if it was awesome then maybe. The room was a big bedroom, i dont know how they could consider it an upgrade! The pullout couch was stained with everything that can possible be on a bed and all the linens had holes. The 2 different roll a way beds they brought were the same! All they did was give us  a $75 credit. It took 3 hours to get 2 grilled cheese sandwiches for $80! It even got worse when we went to Marque club and were put in the hotel guest line which took 3 hours to get in. I could have just came early and paid and got in faster. There are so many great hotels in Vegas, why would they not try harder? I dont know. I will never stay there again. The Venetian is so much better!
2	It's pretty obvious that The Cosmopolitan is a beautiful hotel.With great views of the strip, extremely comfortable beds and spacious suites, it's surprising that I'm giving The Cosmo only two stars.Here's the deal:My check-in was an absolute nightmare.  When I first arrived, I did what any normal person would do and checked my bags... especially after being told that my suite was on the opposite wing of the hotel. The last thing I wanted to do after traveling was lug  2 large suitcases across a massive hotel! NO THANK YOU.After finally arriving at my hotel room, I called downstairs to see how long it would take for my bags to be delivered.  I was told a MINIMUM of FOUR HOURS.  I couldn't believe it.  The hotel clearly knew they were fully booked that weekend, so they should have staffed accordingly.  Also, I should have been informed when I first checked my bags how long the wait would be... then I wouldn't have checked them in the first place!Anyway, I sure as heck wasn't going to wait until 7pm before I could access any of my stuff.  So, there I was.... sweaty, tired, and wanting nothing more than to take a shower and a nap before a long night out in Vegas.  Instead of being able to relax, I had to drag myself across the hotel AGAIN, wait for 30 minutes for them to locate my  suitcases, and then spend another 20 minutes walking back to my room. By the time I was done with the whole "getting my bag" ordeal, almost two hours had gone by.What a nice way to start my trip in Vegas... and so much for stress free!I don't remember being put through any such headache at The Wynn or Encore.So, yeah, I've experienced better.
5	Dear Cosmopolitan,You are oh so gorgeous and talk about a sight for sore eyes. I love the cute little shoe in your foyer. I love the large multichromatic chandlier ball right above the escalator. I love the gorgeous pink chandlier canopy over the raised bar/lounge/restaurant. Hot as ballz outside, you offer a cool setting to chill at. Also love the fact that you're right next to Aria and Crystals shopping center, where anyone can purchase their favorite designer goodies from Emilio Pucci to Louis Vuitton. You have so many photo ops, its hard to leave.XOXO, your fan.
2	I stayed at the cosmopolitan for our 5 year anniversary.  We booked their suite with wrap-around balcony and the view of the fountains.. paid around 900 bucks for 2 nights.The good:- Best views in vegas - we had a view of the bellagio fountains and the strip- Big room - 1200 sqft of room.. thats massive- Convenient location, central to everything- Most of the staff was courteous and politeThe bad:- no drinking water ( most hotels at least have a bottle - specially needed after a long flight and super-hot vegas weather )- no coffee machine- no toiletries beyond the basics - we asked for a shaving kit which took 1 hour to arrive. There was no bath scrub, etc. which most hotels in this price range offer. - gym access was 20 bucks per day - I actually had made sure that the hotel had gym, I guess they forget to mention that you have to pay to use it- renting a chair at the pool was a few hundred bucks- chocolate cake took 1 hour to arrive and wasn't that good- we ate at the Chinese+mexican restaurant which was basically overpriced and lousy food.- the bathroom light wasn't working, so i called the concierge. nothing happened for 2 hours, and I had to call again. they said the previous person didn't put the request in.I have stayed in a lot of vegas hotels, both for work and pleasure from 60 per night to the mgm sky lofts - but this hotel has underwhelmed me the most.  I have come to expect a certain level of service from high end hotel, and the cosmopolitan completely disappoints.
5	I've stayed at this hotel 3 times and I am never disapointed. The last time I stayed here, we had a room on the 60th floor (away from the loud beat of the club). The room has a Japanese soaking tub which is really relaxing.The decor is gorgeous, very swanky and boutique hotel-like. I love that there are chandeliers everywhere. This place is a lot of fun if you like to people watch too...lots of interesting characters.
1	We arrived at 5:00 pm to check-in and were told by the front desk agent that our room wasn't ready yet and that they couldn't give us an estimate of when it would be. The hotel's check-in time is 3:00 pm. In order to compensate us, they gave us a $150 discretionary account to use on whatever we wanted in the hotel as well as an upgrade from our terrace suite to a wraparound suite. We believed this was more than fair and were perfectly happy to wait until our upgraded room was ready. When we were notified that it was, we checked in and the agent confirmed with us the $150 account.After a lovely Saturday night of enjoying the admittedly beautiful view provided by our upgraded room and the drinks from the bar paid for by the $150 discretionary account, we cleaned up and checked out at 12:00 noon. The front desk agent told us that we would be charged $94 for incidental expenses beyond what was provided by the hotel. We knew that it was highly unlikely for us to have spent that much money that night, and asked for a receipt accordingly. The agent pulled it up and told us that the hotel had originally given us $50, not the $150 figure which we had been told - twice! After I corrected her, she brought in the front desk manager, David Bayley, who told us that he couldn't do anything and that we'd have to wait until 5:00 pm for yesterday's front desk manager to arrive so that she could sort out the issue.After coming back at 5:30, we asked a front desk agent, Kira, if we could speak to yesterday's front desk manager. She said that yesterday's manager wasn't there and that we should talk to her instead. What followed from Kira was an extremely condescending if superficially pleasant treatment of us, implying that we were lucky enough to have been upgraded to a different room and that we should have been happy with what we received. Eventually, she deigned to give us an additional $50 comp credit out of "good will", but refused to do anything else, telling us that she'd ask the original agent we received the $150 credit from later to verify our story and that she'd follow up with us via email.We, of course, were profoundly skeptical that anything would be resolved over email and asked to speak again to the manager, David. After Kira briefed David about our complaint, he came out to tell us, essentially, to leave the hotel and be happy with what we already received. Only after requesting to speak to David's superior did he finally decide to call the original agent to confirm our story. He told us that the original agent couldn't remember the amount she had compensated us, and that they'd cancel out our balance of $94.First of all, this incident shows a stunning lack of integrity by the front desk agents. They had first told us to wait until 5:00 pm for a manager that never showed up, then told us to leave Vegas while they investigated the incident and that they'd follow up via e-mail, and finally that they'd give us a $50 credit out of "good will" - admitting no wrongdoing - and that we should just leave. The entire time, we felt that they were trying to delay and make it as inconvenient for us as possible so that we'd leave without the issue being resolved. Only after threatening to escalate the issue to upper management did the David take any substantive steps to solve the problem.Second was the painfully condescending attitude of the front desk. Kira and David seemed to believe that $94 was a great deal of money to us. It wasn't. They didn't understand that our complaint was about the principle that we shouldn't have to pay extra for administrative mistakes made by the staff. They told us that they'd give us a $50 credit to our account out of "good will" with all the smug superiority an aristocrat might throw a dime to a beggar, treating us as though we were simply haggling to get the best deal we could. Finally, the whole incident reflects the sheer incompetence of the front desk. Even if they believed that we were lying about the original $150 credit, which certainly was the impression we received, good business sense behooves them to simply cancel out our balance. $94 is nothing compared to the thousands of dollars they're going to forgo via our entire network of friends who will never again stay at the Cosmopolitan. At the very end, after they finally canceled out our balance, I asked for Kira and David's business cards so that I knew whose names to mention to the world. David, to his credit, wrote down his name and contact information on a slip of paper. Kira, however, wrote but one word on a slip she handed me - "Kira". No last name, no phone number, no email address. My friends and I couldn't help but laugh at the cowardice she displayed through that simple omission. Anyone decent person doing his or her job competently and with integrity has nothing to hide - unfortunately, Kira seemed to lack both.Don't stay at the Cosmo. Your dignity is more important than having a nice view.
1	Forget about the Cosmo, customer service is AWFUL! Go to the Aria! It's just as nice and their staff and services is EXCELLENT!
5	Among gambling buffs, the Cosmo has a reputation of being more resort than casino, catering to well-heeled fools who don't know or don't care about statistical advantage.  Single/double-deck blackjack here pays only 6-to-5 on blackjack, but that seems to be fairly prevalent in Vegas these days.  Somebody commented after my trip that this was supposedly where the beautiful people went, at which I chuckled awkwardly in response and secretly congratulated myself for surviving a week in disguise.  I certainly won't complain about the human shrubbery (er... I mean, scenery), but it didn't strike me as more beautifully peopled than other comparable resorts in Vegas, maybe more monied.The abstract:  I stayed here for nearly a week and had a great time:  it is a very nice base camp in Vegas.  I came here to celebrate my brother's birthday and stayed a few more days with a friend.  It was kind of a personal challenge to see if I could endure a week in Vegas.  I not only survived but ended up having a great time.  Yes, I came to Vegas to relax.  Yes, I challenged myself to relax in Vegas.  Yes, I am a strange one.At first I was not super impressed:  I was surprised by some minor wear and tear (small carpet stains or furniture wear) in my Terrace Suite -- which is why I am docking a star, but that's being quite picky and partly due to a personal resolution to not become Five-Star Man.  But over the course of the week, I really came to appreciate the hotel (it is beautiful), the room (brunch on a balcony overlooking the Bellagio is great a way to relax), the spa, and the little clothing boutiques (I normally avoid shopping but found some time to get fitted).Good:  cool bars within the casino (Bond and Chandelier are my picks), beautiful spa with excellent masseuse pairing (female, strong hands, pleasant looking enough to touch my body but no chance of attraction), good people watching, clothing boutiques are nice (I liked Stitched and All Saints), good customer service, great views of the Bellagio fountain, walking distance to convenience stores like Walgreens for basics.Annoying:  at a high-end hotel, I was surprised to be charged $15 for Internet access for 2 devices every 24 hours.  I was surprised to be charged by the hour for use of the tennis courts.  Feels "off" to be nickle-and-dimed when you are already paying a premium at a "resort" that advertises these amenities.Tips:  dressier than most other casinos on the strip.  Bond is a cool bar and had a Vegas DJ that actually knew how to mix (!!!), playing non-crap house music (!!!).  Chandelier has a nice custom cocktail selection.  Pool areas seem on the smaller side.  Get a room with a view of the Bellagio fountain.  If you are a regular or plan to be one, MGM Resorts seems to have a better loyalty program, but the Cosmo's open balconies are unique and hard to beat if you like having a nice room to chill out.
1	I flat refuse to step foot in here after my most recent experience with what has to be the most clueless, rudest, most unprofessional, and unethical hotel "management" staff I've ever had the misfortune to meet. I didn't think any group could suck worse than Allegiant Airlines but the Cosmo has elevated Allegiant from the bottom of my most hated Vegas business status. My hellish experience started at Secret Pizza and went downhill at The Chandelier while taking an out of town guest here. Again, I FLAT REFUSE TO STEP FOOT IN THIS PROPERTY FOR THE FORESEEABLE FUTURE UNTIL MANAGEMENT GETS A CLUE.I'm so mad I've filed complaints with Clark County and several agencies and I will be pursuing it tenaciously.Edit: As I've got active complaints going I can't share all the details just yet. Let the system do it's thing and once it's over with I can come back and fill in the gaps. I appreciate those of you who took time to ask me about this.
3	As for the Hotel: I've stayed at this hotel now 6 times. I really like it. The rooms are large and the bathrooms are awesome. However, there's *always* something that's just a bit off or missing that surprises me. Last time, there was no water in the minibar when I checked-in. OK, so they forgot it. But, upon check out, they charged me for it, as the items in the mini-bar are automatically billed upon no weight being sensed at the sight each item sits. I had to explain that there never was any water. Another time, neither tv worked in my room. Also, this time, the ashtray in the balcony was filled w/ cigarette butts. None of these are the end of the world, but, like I said.....details.As for the Casino itself, Not so good.  This is a very small, boutique-type casino. I've played a lot of craps throughout Vegas and world. I watched a craps dealer just rip a poor woman player because she had placed her bet in the wrong "section" of the dont come box. He then proceeded to give her winnings to another player, and when she questioned him on it he accused her of lying. Unbelievable! Having witnessed the whole thing while playing at the same table, I came to her aid and told the pit boss, who came over, and I told him to re-wind the tape upstairs. They then reluctantly gave her her winnings. This place has consistently arrogant / cocky workers. Right now, they're a hot, new, 'in' place, but that will soon die down, and I expect this place to be pretty spartan and empty. They need a management make-over, and fast. I recommend you Gamble and bring your business and hard earned $$ else where.
3	The views are fantastic! The suites are lush and comfortable. The kitchenette is striped bare, they will rent you a cup and spoon for a fee. A very bad sign when a hotel is nickle and dimeing its customers. Glad I got to go now before it gets worse.
4	Very pretty hotel/casino, nice to hang out here.
4	The suite was beautiful, but he jets in the spa turned on by themselves every night; waking us up.  Attention to detail is so important, for every guest, and I feel that some of this was lost during our recent trip. The bamboo pool is so much fun.  Some of the bikini clad waitresses are a bit "sassy," but working in the hot sun may cause some grumpiness.  This hotel caters to the young, hip crowd and does an excellent job of it.
5	I'm left speechless. I wanted a VIP weekend for a very special occasion, and that's exactly what the fine folks at the Cosmopolitan delivered - and more.If you are looking for a hotel that delivers the glitz and youthful glam of Vegas coupled with impressive VIP service, the Cosmopolitan is an excellent choice. I had reserved a two bedroom suite (not on the website, you have to call reservations to inquire) for a small private party I wanted to host.Prior to my arrivalAll my reception catering questions were answered promptly (the same business day).Days before my trip, I received a courtesy phone call to see if there was anything I needed for my trip to their property. Upon arrival Check-in was fast. Even better they upgraded me to a Bungalow suite - since there was some availability. Wow. Can you say beautifully appointed, 3-story (2,400 sq ft) suite, with private jacuzzi on the roof, overlooking the Marquis on one side and with a view of the Bellagio fountains on the other side? Ridiculous.From there it just got better, the champagne that my co-workers sent ahead of time, was chilled and waiting in the room for us. The hotel figured out I like tequila and had a complimentary bottle of Patron waiting in the room. When they learned my preference was Don Julio 1942, they swapped out the Patron without batting an eyelash. (no, I didn't scoff at the Patron.)Their butler service was on point and attentive the entire weekend. Catering was 100x better than I expected. I was reluctant to have them cater the party at first, especially since there are so many awesome restaurants in LV. But I was plesantly surprised. Blame it on the al-al-alcohol?! I think not. My friends came up to me to tell me how much they enjoyed the food too. Room audio hook upsBUMP-IN! I just docked my iphone, turned on the spotify and we were good to go.CasinoBeautifully decorated, amazing complimentary cocktails if you're playing, and friendly dealers. I've never done Vegas like this. It was pricey to be sure. But for me, it was a once in a lifetime kind of party, and it was worth every penny!Big thanks to the entire VIP services team (especially Bill and Marcus), for making that weekend one that I'll never forget.
5	Awesome, I do recommend
4	The newest kid on the strip is still the sexiest!Yup, as soon as you walk into the lobby, you are invited in with the allure of large glass columns with ever changing themes. Chic mirrors and chandeliers dripping with crystals from the ceiling and everything around you just seems to sparkle with a sleek, sexy flare that is all Vegas. I checked in for the July 4th weekend and got up sold by a very aggressive front desk clerk that insisted on getting me into the penthouse.  I settled for a 910sq. ft. angle suite on the 58th floor with additional Japanese soaking tub, terrace with a view of the Bellagio fountains, kitchenette with fridge & microwave and an additional full sized bath with shower. Not too shabby.   The room I must say was very spacious, the view off the expansive terrace was breathtaking and i used the soaking tub practically every night after the clubs so it worked out great!My only complaint was with housekeeping.  There's a circular red paper note you're supposed to leave on the bed to have your linens changed, which i did but every night i came back to the room, my sheets were done but not changed! It was ridonkulous! Even the dirty pillow that had some sketchy black skid mark smeared on it (that i never used from day one) remained in my room til the last day i was there....nuts!Perhaps all the smoke and mirrors at the entrance lobby had me blinded by the hotel's sexy charm but with all due respect, my stay was very enjoyable and despite the minor flaws, I had a fantastic time... With that said, the hotel was conveniently located in the heart of the strip. It's steps away from the Bellagio, Planet Hollywood and Paris...and the Sahra Spa, brunch and pool were very enjoyable...and partying at the Marquee & Bond was priceless!Happy Times!
5	Loved this hotel. The Terrace bedroom was awesome. I regret not upgrading to a fountain view with the $20 trick. Next time I would actually bring stuff to microwave. I wished the fridge had more space for personal use rather then all the over priced stuff they have in there. The shower could use a bit more power but the space was great.The only thing during my stay was that I didn't have a "do not disturb" sign so everyday at 9am housekeeping would try to come in.
5	Wow, the party is definitely permanently parked here.From my room, I could hear security knocking on the door in the next room: "Security! Security! We are coming in now!" Ten minutes later security returned: "Security! Security! We are concerned for your safety." A reluctant young woman said, "Okay, I guess, I'll leave."The room downstairs had guys calling out "puma" over and over. Another neighboring room had cheers of "whoop! Whoop!" Two girls in pajamas were desperately banging on a door. When I asked, if they got locked out, they smirked happily.As soon as you step into the public areas of the casino, there are hot girls in the most amazing outfits everywhere. The Marquee club is mind blowing. This is the place to party. Sleep whenever. Get up whenever. If it's daylight, party at the pool. If the sun's down, party at the club. Anytime, hangout in the chandelier bar or casino area and have a good time with people.About the room specifically, it was a little disappointing compared to the other top notch Vegas hotels. They usually have super special bathrooms. The Cosmo didn't have a tub, so sad. The shower pressure was weakish. However, the shower had a floor to ceiling window to the bed room with adjustable drapes. Now, how kinky is that!If you are young, social, and want a good time, then this place rocks. If my parents were going to Vegas, I'd send them to Encore or Wynn.Random note, I ran in onto house keeping upon coming back to the room. Wow, I have never seen that hot of a house keeper. She had sexy hair cut. She put the front of the house staff to shame!
2	First I will say the hotel is stunning, the rooms are great, I had the wraparound terrace suite, beautiful view. However, the service was AWFUL. The laundry list of things that went wrong is mind boggling and too long to just be a coincidence. Keep in mind I went during the week (less busy) and they over charged us for using the refrigerator, pots and pans, the stove didn't work, bell hop showed up 3 hours after we check in, they don't provide hair dryers in rooms so we had to wait 2 hours for one, had two call them 5 times to clear up charges that were wrong, it costs money to use their refrigerator, had to wait 3 hours to check in, they charge your room a "party fee" if you bring booze over a certain limit on the bell hop cart (no other hotel does that). I was comp'd $300 and maybe you are thinking wow that's reasonable. I avidly go to Vegas and if that list of things happened at any other hotel a night or two would've been refunded (I've had that happened). Hotel is beautiful yet you will have a headache the entire time from dealing with their shenanigans. Also, VERY IMPORTANT, they will tell you over phone check in is at 3 pm but check in isn't actually till 6 pm. You might think I was simply mistaken the 4 times I called prior to getting there to confirm. No they told me that at front desk.Their attitude is that since they are one of the nicest hotels in the world they can half ass their customer service.
3	So I can only review what I experienced. We didn't stay here, but popped into the casino on Friday night and hit the buffett on Saturday (See my review for Wicked Spoon...awesome). We stopped in to check out another casino and instantly knew it wasn't our vibe. It was very hip and trendy, which is okay, just not my thing. Nobody really seemed to be playing the machines, it was more about being seen at the bars and whatnot. They did have a cool live perfomer that was doing a realy upbeat violin type performance that was really cool, but that was the only thing we enjoyed. Not a huge fan of the casino, but the buffet on the other hand is what makes it worth it.
3	Nice friendly staff once I got out of the taxi. Long wait for check in.Bathrooms on the floor are super nice. We had no trash can in our bathroom. Toilet room light was out. Mirrors were dirty bad job or no job of cleaning them. Ice room had water all over the floor which was no where near the machine. Asked room service to come back at 4pm but they never came back to our room and never came back to fix our light which the request was made less than an hour of check in and we had stayed 3 nights. We were in the West tower facing one of the pools and on Saturday they apparently have pool parties. I usually can sleep through anything but couldn't with the house/electronic music playing. I even tried turning the TV on but the TV was so loud and could still hear the music I gave up and left the room. I love the location of the hotel its near the PH mall and short taxi ride to the other hotels. The farthest I went was to TI and that was less than $15 better than walking in 105 degree weather.
5	This Hotel makes the rest of Vegas disappear.I could go into great detail, but the Cosmo needs only be described as: Destination Vacation.Food - Amazing (Holsteins- one of the best burger joints I've been to.  Wicked- Hands down best Buffet on the strip., 5 high-end dining options.)Pools - "" (3 pools, catering to different crowds)Bars - "" (The Bond, and the Chandelier were classy and fun - Marque for the plastically enhanced.)Shopping - ""  (Crystals is next door, literally)Room - A geeks wet dream. Also comfy as hell. (Highly recommend the One Bedroom - So technologically fresh)Gambling - yup (back to geek - Lord of the Rings penny slot, WooHoo!)Service - Amazing - specially the speed in the casino for drinks at slots, and the concierge services.  (A few strays were bad, but only a two or three employees during our stay, and mostly at restaurants)Money well spent.We will be back you sexy money pit you.
5	If I could live anywhere in Vegas this would be the spot. It has everything needed to have a good time and than some. Every inch of the building is beautiful, swanky and funky all at the same time. With pink chandeliers, modern decor and cool furniture. Our room was one of the best rooms I have stayed in. I slept better here than I do at home. I melted in the huge comfy feather soft bedding. The shower and tub were incredible. I love the CO Bigelow products that are supplied. I hate trying to use soap that feels like a cheap bar of wax.The TV was command central for the lights, music, checking out the amenities and even making restaurant reservations for the places in the hotel. Anything your heart desires can be done through a remote, it is crazy! The employees overall were nice and accommodating. The female that checked us in was professional and friendly.  The bell desk fellas were fast and asked about our stay. They also said to let them know if our shuttle didn't arrive that they would help us get to the airport. They gave me the "warm and fuzzy" feelings = great customer service. Many different types of restaurants, shops, oh and don't forget Wicked Spoon (it is a must) to stuff your belly. Yeah it's a cool spot. Thanks Cosmo for showing me the good life for a few days. Now, I'm back home a little fatter and poorer dreaming of my return.
5	Finally being 21 and staying at The Cosmopolitan was definitely a memorable experience. The decor in the hotel, casino, and room was ridiculous (in a good way). The atmosphere and vibe was lively, fun, and exciting. I unfortunately did not get a chance to gamble at the hotel but I did eat at The Wicked Spoon and I can definitely say it is classy and delicious. Staff was friendly. Only downside was requesting anything to the room took quite a long time. We requested extra towels and I think we probably waited a good 1-2 hours before they had arrived. One other small thing that occurred (which was probably my fault), we did not put the "Do Not Disturb" sign on our door so in the morning my gf and I must have been really knocked out cause we heard no knocking. The next thing I knew, I had heard our door open and it was housekeeping, sort of scary but then again I could have double locked it and put the sign outside. Marquee pool party was insane, everyone should check that out, and Marquee night club was awesome as well. If you want to feel classy then stay at The Cosmopolitan. I honestly do not think I'd ever stay at another hotel now.
5	I love this hotel. Very glamorous feel! Chandeliers & crystals hanging everywhere. It's decor makes it my favorite hotel in Vegas! Elegant, tasteful, modern. From inside to out, top to bottom.First of all the rooms are amazing. I got a killer deal on this hotel room for 3 nights. I booked with LasVegas.com & ended up paying about 540$ total for the city view room with 2 full beds. The room had modern decor but not over the top. The beds were extremely comfortable. Not a fan of the feather pillows, mostly used a long somewhat skinny decor pillow since it was the most comfortable one in the room. Our room over looked the Bamboo Pool & We could see the beautiful Aria hotel and some of the city lights. Loved that. The bathroom was very nice, huge mirror, marble counters, floors, marble shower. Oh THE shower. The shower is open to the sink area of the bathroom, it's a clear glass door facing the "toilet room" which is separated from the bathroom by a foggy glass door. The shower also has a clear glass window from top to bottom into the actual room facing both beds and the window to the city. It has an interesting design of blinds on the OUTSIDE of the window that faces both beds. Only the people on the outside can control it while you're in the shower minding your own business. My husband sure got a kick out of that while our male room mate was showering. And of course, when I was showering. It was definitely the hit of the room.The touchscreen phone next to the bed controls everything in the room from the tv to the lights. Thought that was pretty cool.All of the girls in this hotel look like expensive models. That wasn't a bad thing. :) Extremely helpful and friendly staff. We ordered room service one night when we got home super late from the club. A hamburger and 2 bottles of water. When we checked out, we found out that cost us $50. I wouldn't recommend it. The food wasn't anything worth $50, but hey it was delivered to us..We went to check out the boulevard pool but it was shaded in the afternoon so we went back to the bamboo pool, which seemed to be shaded by a big hotel for a couple of hours maybe between 1-3? We spent a lot of time at the Bamboo pool. It was very relaxing, could have done without the few kids running around playing but oh well. We ordered a raspberry drink a few times from the bar, not sure of the name but the bartender(good looking dude at the bar with the tatt's and the faux hawk) said he made it up and we'd like it. We did. Delicious. We also ordered food, steak quesadillas & hamburger sliders. The quesadillas were delicious, the sliders were good, but lacked any sort of sauce. Used some of the guac from the quesadillas on the burgers. Much better. :) I also loved the CO Bigelow products they supply you with in the bathroom!
5	I was very pleased with my stay at this hotel. I would definitely stay there again.
1	If i could give this place a 0, I would!Long story short, money was stolen from our room and the hotel claims they can't do anything about it. So what's the point of staying at a high end place when they can't even protect their rooms?!?!Shadyness under all the fancy crystals in the building...and i've read and heard this happens often.I'll stick to Wynn, thank you.
3	REVIEW FOR THE TERRACE STUDIO:We stayed for 3 nights during the weekday. (Parking was great and apparently we got a good deal as well.) Our room was located on the 55th floor of the East Tower which gave us a view of Marquee and the pools when we lounged outside on our terrace. Now onto the room. The room was amazingly spacious. At the same time you're able to have privacy between each room by simply pulling on the door divider. One plus in my book about this place was that not only did they provide bath robes, but slippers as well. YAY! Along with your expected toiletries (shampoo, conditioner, soap, body lotion) Q-tips and cotton balls were provided as well. (It's the little things that matter!) Not only did the room come with a minibar/fridge, it also had a sink, microwave, and dishwasher. (But didnt leave a set of silverware or dishes for us so was the kitchen area just for looks?) The shower itself is a bit on the weak side when it comes to water power. The 2 people square bath tub looks out onto the terrace so it provides a nice view while you relax in the tub.Would have given this place 4 star if it weren't for the following reasons:-2 TVs with only 1 remote. Made it difficult to change the channel on the televisions when one was located in the living area while the other in the bedroom.-Did not grant us late check out. In all the years that I have been going to Vegas, hotels have been courteous in allowing guests to check out an hour later. This one didn't. -Upon checking in to our room, the ash tray was not emptied and the bathroom supply was not restocked with shower gel.-Room was missing "Do Not Disturb" sign so every morning at 9am, housekeeping came a knocking :(-Adamant Housekeeper. Usually this is a plus but when I just woke up and we told her we don't want housekeeping, she insisted on coming in saying it would take only 10 minutes. Not only was it awkward watching the woman work, after 10 minute has passed she was still cleaning up the place so we were forced out of the room in a sense :(I'm hoping my next stay would be a 4+ Star that Cosmo is known for.
5	This is a real cool comfortable place. Very modern rooms done very well. Great restaurants throughout. It's my new favorite hotel
4	We stayed here for my sister's bachlorette weekend in Vegas and left satisfied. We stayed in one of their two-story executive suites and it was beautiful! Our room had its own private entrance to the pool which was amazing. There were a few downfalls. For one when we first arrived with our group of 11 we had to go get our own bags because the wait was over an hour. When we did go down however one of the conceirge's saw how much stuff we had and helped us on the sly. We did get a few noise complaints from the neighbors next to us which was a little annoying considering we were in LAS VEGAS of all places but I guess it all depends on who you're roomed by. All in all I would stay here again... the lobby was beautiful and we we ate at two different restaurants in the building and were very satisfied. The Bamboo pool was great too and the location couldnt have been better. If you're looking for a fun, hip, upscale place definitely try it out.
5	One step through the magnanimous lobby and you experience a revival in art, technology and chic sophistication. This hotel is the real deal.  Managed by an extremely courteous and friendly staff, this hotel delivers a unique Las Vegas housing experience.I've stayed here 4 times already and each experience gets better and better.  As a Marriott elite member, I was upgraded to a 1 Bedroom suite; which makes me want to return to this hotel over and over again.The rooms are extremely comfortable, I've stayed in a city room, studio and the suite.  All three are nice but the suite definitely is the place to stay if you want to impress that certain someone you met earlier that day... ::wink::What's great, like every other 5 star Las Vegas resort, is you can stay here and not ever go to any other property and have a blast.Marquee is here, and it's bangin!  Right now it's #1 in Vegas.  There are 3 pools...  And they are lovely.  Marquee day club: so fun.Secret pizza is one of my faves...  Holsteins burgers are wicked delicious...And if you get really really bored, you just walk outside and you're right in the middle of Las Vegas!!This is among my favorite Vegas properties, I hope to return soon.  Very Very soon!!
5	so impressed!i've stayed all over vegas and never have i had an experience like i did at the cosmo last weekend. all of the employees that we interacted with were amazing (minus the pit boss woman who yelled at me for dropping an eff bomb at the craps table, but i guess that was somewhat justified), the casino is beautiful, clean and so fun, the room service food was delicious (esp the lamb sliders!) and our suite was perfect with amazing views. if you're like me and prefer your swimming pools sans children, hit up the marquee dayclub instead.i can't believe i'm saying this, but i actually wish i stayed an extra night in vegas...
1	5 star hotel with 1 start service.  Got a handicapped room because we arrived late.  The shower has only curtain and the bathroom was flooded after taking just one shower.  Asked the housekeeping and was told that it was a room for handicapped!!  Called the front desk and wouldn't switch room until next morning.  Finally got room switched at 1:00 am in the morning.  The maid didn't clean up the room thoroughly, and would not provide extra soap.  Would never stay there again.
4	Beautiful, spacious casino hotel.
5	Love this hotel- decor is beautiful, staff is top notch....drinks are great and the crowd is the Vegas crowd I like...they know how to dress, act and enjoy with out making fools of themselves...my kind of place!
5	Really the cream of the crop. I honestly felt like I wasn't allowed to be in this hotel! It's just very modern and chic. There's chandeliers everywhere. This hotel is pretty pimped out. It's very very nice. The employees are just as nice and there was one lady that we talked to who was just a sweet heart. will stay here one day!
4	The wrap around terrance suite is a 5! The casino is a 3The wicked spoon buffet is pretty good.
4	Got a great deal here and just got back from a 5 day trip. The guy who checked us in was awesome. We wound up with a Bellagio Fountain View room with a Terrace. Really nice room and amazing view. We also had brunch comped for 2 at the Wicked Spoon every morning. Free Sirius radio in the rooms controlled via a panel next to the bed. Lights and climate can also be controlled this way. The housekeeping was a little off, nothing was dirty but the first time they came the beds still looked like a disaster after they made them. Not a big deal though.Guests get into Marquee day club free and night club as well excluding Saturdays which is a nice perk. The hotel itself is beautiful, the pools are nice and the location is great. I wouldn't pay rack rate for a room here, but then again I wouldn't pay rack rate for a room anywhere in Las Vegas. I'll definitely be looking into The Cosmopolitan again when I'm booking my next Vegas trip.
5	So far, my FAVORITE place to stay on the strip! 1. It's new so everything is very modern and chic2. Marquee day club and nightclub are right down stairs, so you save money on taxis to and from the club. You can also go in the hotel guest line and get in faster.3. It's in a great central location on the strip. Walking distance to a lot of restaurants and shopping venues, but if you don't want to walk it's a cheap cab ride!4. The two hotel pools are awesome. They don't seem as grossly overcrowded as most of the pools at other hotels on the strip. I only went to the Boulevard pool because I didn't walk further down to discover the Bamboo pool until the day I was leaving! Sad... 5. Everything is so shiny and pretty and it smells nice!P.S. Holsteins is a pretty good burger and shake joint (right across to the Marquee entrance) Secret Pizza (on the 3rd floor) kind of sucksI didn't get a chance to try the Wicked Spoon buffet, but I heard it's good!
3	I think maybe ive gotten off to a bad start here...when I first pulled in the vallet was full so i dropped my bags off and self parked. No big deal, but when i got up to my room i found they had given me a handicapped room. Notification or a discound would have been nice, but i guess i can deal with it. Doesnt seem very profesional to me...hopefully the rest of my stay will be better!
5	The Cosmo, perfect place to spend a Girls Vegas trip hands down. Absolutely loved it. I loved stepping into this hotel, it was refreshing, weird huh? But you didn't feel like you just bathed in 5 pounds of second hand smoke and that you had to push your way through the "air", it smelled new, clean, crisp! My advice hurry and get there to enjoy this rarity , "clean air," in Vegas, just kidding, sort of. It's a place that overstimulates your eyes no matter where you are, your trying to take everything in all at once. Love the modern tech savvy pillars in the check-in/lobby area. It's pure entertainment watching the scenes on High Def screens changing, which leads me to the elevators, clean crisp and again HD screens installed with vivid vibrant images of pure randomness (flowers, insects,etc...). So hey stand in the lobby for a bit, especially when sobering up or ride the elevator up and down a few times, mind you though you can only go so far on an elevator ride floor wise without a room key.Speaking of the which the rooms are amazing, we had the view of the Bellagio Fountain, and much of the other parts of the strip. The bathroom was a girls dream, huge, especially with three woman sharing. Could also be a guys dream given the fact the shower had a window into the main room quarters and the blinds were controlled from the outside, a little in house peep show of your own perhaps? My girls and I were lucky enough to dabble in a lot of what The Cosmo had to offer, so other reviews will follow regarding The Marquee night club, The Chandelier (this bar is absolutely amazing, so chic I just have to say that now and later), China Poblano's (When Pig's Fly pork buns & a Lychee sour, I want more!), The Neapolitan (adult popsicles who can resist), and The Boulevard pool (beautiful views of the strip from up here).After all is said done and experienced, I will definitely be seeking out stay at The Cosmopolitan again.
4	The hotel is fairly new so the actual hotel room is rather nice and large. I think that the only problem we had with the room is that it did not have a coffee machine. Nice balcony. We were lucky when we checked in because the counter person told us to avoid the lower floor rooms because you could hear the nightclub. That would have been a bummer. The crowd is fairly young so if you are middle aged you might feel a little out of place. It is definately a party hotel with drunken people cavorting until dawn....LOLs...that is what you come to Vegas for, right? The breakfast buffet was really good. Better than Bellagios.
4	This place is beautiful, no argument there.  The energy is insane and it is always busy and loud. Check in was a pain---the first room they gave me WASNT CLEAN! What is up that? However the 2nd room they moved me into had a better view- of the Bellagio fountains so not too bad.  The Wicked Spoon buffet is wicked good. The technology in the room is insane---I will be back!
2	Just about everything from a service standpoint went wrong here...i could not get housekeeping to come to the room, and one of the phones kep beeping in the middle of the night. when i called she couldnt help me so i unplugged it and left it outside. My friend in the east tower said that the elevators were locked and he couldnt get to his room for at least an hour. What a mess! I think Ill stay somewhere else on the strip next time i come to vegas...
5	I wouldn't usually describe non living thing as sexy, but this hotel would definitely fit that description. Everything about the hotel's decor is chic. It replaces the usual vegas cigarette smoke with what smells like a freshly washed blanket scent.I'm usually beyond content with having a few coctails at the chandelier bar (any one of its 3 levels) and/or the Henry. I could only imagine how epic the clubs and pool must be. I do plan on staying at this hotel soon, but have been very pleased with the experience of just visiting as well.
5	Their suite is amazing.  The balcony view is definitely top notch, overlooking the belagio water show and the Paris tower.  I'd defintely stay here again in the future!
5	Sickest hotel I've been to, the lobby is AMAZING, although the check in line was moving really slow. Then I got up to my room, a terrace suite overlooking the Bellagio's fountain. The huge chandelier bar is kind of cool. The food is really good too. And if you like to party you should go to Marquee.
2	I was really excited to be staying here, but honestly it was kind of a disappointment, especially for how much I paid.I stayed here on a Monday night, was upgraded to the 47th floor Terrace suite. Cool. The room was nice, no complaints here but the hotel service loses some points. I called for more towels and it took an hour and a half and 3 phone calls for someone to come. Seems like a minor detail but when you're paying top dollar for a hotel room, the experience needs to be close to perfect.I honestly still prefer Palms Place or Vdara. I doubt I will stay here again.
5	One of the best hotels I've ever stayed at! My recommendation: get the players card! They will send you rooms all the time, and its always an excellent view. The view over the bellagio fountain with the terrace studio room is absolutely spectacular!
5	This hotel is Fabulous!!!! I stayed in a terrace view room which had an amazing view of the City Center and the strip. The Chandelier Bar is one of my favorites, three-story bar!!! The hotel has a very youthful, trendy vibe, its the place to be while in Vegas. They have great restaurants inside as well, kinda pricey but worth it. I ate at China Poblano (Chinese and Mexican food) and Blue Ribbon Sushi. If you don't end up staying here, you should stop by and have a drink or go to the Marquee day or night club.
5	This is our new favorite hotel in Vegas! We stayed in the 1 bedroom terrace suite in the east tower with view of the strip. Room layout was terrific! It felt like our own little condo.  Only minor compliant I had was that being right on the strip, it was always super noisy!  If you are going for a quiet holiday I recommend asking for a room in the west tower, but if you don't mind the noise and want a priceless view of the strip then go for the east tower.
5	This place started out shakey, because me and my friends were kicked out, However with speaking with management, they apologized and invited me back to stay once again.LOVED IT....Customer service is great, EYE CANDY is outstanding, drinks, lounges
5	If you are going to go to Vegas, spend the extra money to stay here. The attention to detail at this hotel makes all the difference when it comes to providing a unique, cutting edge Las Vegas experience. The rooms, the bars/casino, the spa, the pool, the fitness center, and the restaurants were all fantastic (or at least very interesting) and are geared toward a progressive, design-minded guest. Room: our East Tower suite had a terrace with a view of the Bellagio fountains, as well as a soaking tub, and the extra $ paid for both was well worth the expense. Spent a lot of time on both the terrace and in the tub.The shower was open to the bedroom, providing the "right amount of wrong" the Cosmo advertises. Very modern amenities, including a central remote for the lights, air, TV, etc, which was fun to play with. Anyone who appreciates the visual arts will appreciate the facilities. Giant video screens featuring elaborate video art, chandeliers of all types, and classic lounges seem to mix into a super-modern experience. Just a small example: the old fashioned cigarette machines retrofitted to sell one of a kind art (just $5 will buy you an original piece the size of a pack of Camels). I don't have a ton of experience with this, but the the spa (men's side) had a great, huge jacuzzi with rain, sauna, steam and cool mist room. The signature massage was great as expected. The fitness center in the East tower had lots of brand new equipment, some of which looked completely unused. Went to two of the three pools, and they were multileveled, with lots of care given to making plenty of room and creating a really laid-back atmosphere. Ate at three of the restaurants: China Poblano, the secret Pizza place, and the Wicked Spoon buffet. China Poblano is pricey, and I'm not surprised to see many folks complain about the small size portions... however, the unusual & high quality ingredients and strong distinct flavors made it unique. The entire concept of a secret Pizza place within a hotel is genius, right down to the broken Galaga machine. Ate there twice, and the big slices were perfect at 1am. Finally, the WS buffet easily blows the Bellagio out of the water, with a good assortment of unusual thrown in with the usual... nothing earth-shatteringly amazing, but where else can you get Udon, fried pig tails, carved bacon, beet salad, spicy mac & cheese and Oreo-gellato on one plate? Yum. Loved every minute I spent at this hotel.
4	Beautiful modern hotel. Gorgeous well priced rooms
5	I cannot say enough about this hotel. I usually stay at Wynncore or Venetian/Palazzo - but I will never go back!Everything from the parking garage, pools, restaurants, to the rooms has been well thought out.The self-park garage has awesome green and red LEDs so you can see what spaces are empty or occupied from a distance.Front desk staff was enormously helpful (Thank you Sarah and Jonathan!) very nicely explained the layout of the hotel and provided maps and information to make the trip awesome.The lay out of the hotel/casino.restaurant is less confusing and maze-like than other properties, I love that it has windows that open to the strip in the casino.The rooms were beautiful and well appointed - go for the wraparound suite, you won't be sorry. Housekeeping was excellent (as a tip: if you call when you are leaving your room for a bit and they are right on top of it)Pools: The Bamboo pool was chill, the Boulevard pool was rockin with awesome views of the strip and the Marquee Pool (free before 2pm) was bumpin.Restaurants: Wicked Spoon Buffet and Secret Pizza are not to be missed.The overall vibe in this hotel was modern, upscale, classy, but all with a cosmopolitan edge. :)Will stay here for all future trips to Vegas unless I'm staying free elsewhere.
4	This hotel is great. Front desk is a lot of help. Concierge service is slow sometimes they don't even come. I asked for kitchen utensils and dishes 3 times during the day and they didn't even come, they didn't even give an notice or apology.The rooms are great but they have a small casino floor. I had a Terrace Suite in the West Tower with a fountain view, It was magnificent. Too bad it was on the 30th floor, I couldn't hear the music that the Bellagio fountain dances to. But it was still a great view.
5	FABULOUS hotel.  The hotel is modern and well-decorated, without being gimmicky.  My friend and I stayed in a standard room, but it was by far the coolest room I've ever stayed in.  A lot of space, modern technology, lovely decor.  Only thing that's lacking is a coffee machine.Everyone at the hotel was very attentive and friendly.  At the identity counter, the woman working there apologized profusely for letting me stand there for a minute.  No big deal, but it was nice that she cared.The food selection is obviously one of the best of the Las Vegas Hotels.  You really don't even have to leave the hotel if you don't want to, they have everything-shopping, dining, pool, etc. I will definitely stay here when I'm back in Vegas!
2	This place is overrated.  I was excited to come here after hearing all the hype.  I expected much better quality for the price.  We stayed on the 49th floor of the west tower and as soon as we got out of the elevator, it stank like feet and wet dog.  The decor was ugly and looked as though it was thrown together in a rush.  Our bathroom wallpaper didn't have clean edges and looked about ready to start peeling off.  Tsk tsk.We hung out at the Bamboo pool which got pretty crowded by 1pm on a Monday.  We ordered a couple of Bloody Mary's and charged it on a credit card.  I was flabbergasted when the waitress came back  and the bar said that my credit card was declined.  I called the credit card company and they said that I had enough credit on the card and that the Cosmo poolbar charged the card 4 times!  I spent 30 sweaty minutes on the phone with the credit card company and the waitress trying to get the charges reversed.  The waitress was cooperative, sweet, and real apologetic and said that their system must have gone down.  Not a good way to start my pool day but the drinks were really good  and I ended up ordering a couple more times anyway, paying with cash to be safe.I got a player's card and came up a little bit on the penny slots.  Be sure to bring a sweater on the casino floor cause it was freezing.  So much so that we decided to go back to our room to defrost.  Brr!Some pros is that it's in a central location.  It's conveniently easy walking to Paris, Bellagio, and Aria.  The best part of my visit was CRSVR and Holsteins.  I wouldn't pay to stay here again.
4	Went here because the Wicked Spoon, loved the chandliers, the decor and the big pink shoe!  My son has told me he wants to visit the hotel again.
1	I would actually like to give this hotel/casino a 0 star rating, but that is not an option.  My experience began when we were given the wrong room, we asked for a room with 2 beds and were given a room with only 1 bed.  We called right away and were told it would be a $10 charge to change rooms.  We then called for laundry service and additional hangers and it took over an hour and 2 phone calls before someone came. We were there for my best friends wedding, so all her family and friends were arriving throughout the week.Her cousins arrived a day prior and they got there at 8am and were not given a room until 9pm.  Another cousin of hers had a new born with her and upon her check in her husband found 4 pairs of dirty underwear on the couch of their room along with an open bottle of soda in their frig and NOTHING was done for them!She called for a late cleaning for her room and housekeeping never came...my room took 45 minutes to check in to and when they "cleaned" the room there was garbage still left on the floor.The overall service was terrible, the staff was SO RUDE everywhere we went...it was like we were an inconvenience to them.  We went to the Bon Bon Bar and all of the bartenders looked like they were mad to be there and their drinks were NOT worth what we paid for them.  Everything we asked for in regards to service was responded to by saying there would be an extra charge.For the amount of money they charge they should have a higher sense of urgency, staff that don't have an attitude problem, housekeeping that actually clean and management that care when their hotel guests are having a bad experience as we complained and nothing was done or offered.I have stayed at The Venetian, Bellagio, Wynn, Ceasar Palace and the MGM and have had nothing but great service at all of them.  I will NEVER go back to The Cosmopolitan and I suggest that you don't go either!
4	Love Love LOVE the parking garage. If you've never been then here's the skinny: each space has a light above it so you look for the green lights for open spaces, the entire floor counts the available spots and the number of open parking is displayed on a screen somewhere so you dont have to waste your time driving around each floor till you see a spot.As for the casino itself it's something i need to experience a few more times. Got lost on more then one occasion looking for the pool. Overall awesome place and it houses Secret Pizza
5	Fantastic place, Bellagio couldn't guarantee us a suite overlooking the fountains and we were coming in for my sisters 30th birthday. Not only did Cosmo make sure that we had a great fountain view they matched our status at M-life.  We ended up with a free limo and the ability to line jump at the buffet.  Have been back to Vegas twice since then and both times we stayed at Cosmo.  Sorry Bellagio, looks like you have lost a customer.
5	I would rec his hotel to all of my friends yound and old.  Room was beautiful, clean, and spacious suite with the balcony overlooking the Bellagio fountains and the Eiffel Tower at Paris.  Many of the reviews I read talked about how loud it was in some places there.  Obviously those people have never been in Vegas. The Boulevard pool was great.  Definitely get the pitcher of Ice tea - lemonade.  Pitcher costs $58 and worth it compared to the 12.50 for 1.  Bartender and waitresses were all cool as well as the vibe at the hotel.  Only downside is at the casino, only had 1 texas hold em table open and NO crazy for poker.  Not everyone like blackjack, war or pai gaw.Oh, and if you have kids....3 words..Leave them home.  Vegas is not a place for kids especially at this hotel.  Take them to Disney or Universal Studios.  This is my Disney and I do not need to see kids.  That is why I left them home with Nonna and Nonno
4	Loved this casino. Everything is so sleek about it, form the parking structure, to the bars, and casinos. Did not stay here, but enjoyed walking around and having an evening of cocktails and live music at the Chandelier Bar. Hopefully it ages gracefully.
3	Beautiful space, well thought out, and the rooms are stunning.  However, the clientele skews very young (at least this particular weekend), and that makes this place too much of a scene for me.  I will continue to stay at The Bellagio and walk over to The Cosmopolitan for dinner/drinks on occasion, unless I got a rate good enough to convince me to stay here.
4	Most amazing birthday/vegas trip ever.They upgraded us because they double booked our room, had a breath-taking view from the 50th floor. Love everything about this hotel including the restaurants, shops, location, and Marquee.I took one star off because you have to pay $20/day to use the gym which is kind of whack but who works out in Vegas anyways? (I did it just so I could say I worked out in Vegas lol)Love the staff, room service, extremely hip and clean. Can't wait to go back :)
5	By far this is the best hotel for the money I've been to in Las Vegas. Since my wife and I discovered it last year on our mini-moon I haven't stayed anywhere else on my trips to the city that never sleeps.  I highly recommend getting a premium view room on an upper floor.  The view of the Bellagio fountain is amazing and a completely different experience than watching it from the strip. The rooms have always been clean with all of the cool electronic room controls that guys like me LOVE!  I prefer the 1 bedroom but have stayed in the standard room and both have been comfortable and VERY modern feeling!   Another nice thing about this property is the diversity of things to do.  Between all of the restaurants, shops, Marquee and all the pools on the property there was never a lack of things to do.  Speaking of the pool, you HAVE to try out the Neapolitan at the main pool for some booze infused ice cream.    The spa is a little pricey but it is very clean and has plenty of work out machines to use.  A little suggestion, I used the main gym in the West (?) Tower and had a $20 per day fee...A different time, I used the smaller gym in the East tower with no charge.  Not saying it will work for you, but it's worth a try.    A final note...if you drive you are going to LOVE the parking garage.  Each level tells you how many open spaces there are AND there are lights that indicate where the open spaces are.  Totally eliminates the hassle of space hunting in the parking garage.
4	Cool,very chic and modern place. I love all the amenities. Service is great. Only thing I have a problem with is you have to pay $20 to use the gym for one day. I don't need to workout that bad. O yea great breakfast well worth the $25+ it costs. If your a platinum member it's free.
3	Loved the hotel and the room but customer service was subpar.  It was my 21st birthday and nothing was sent up in congratulations.  I was also locked out of my room twice with no sort of apology.  I called from outside my room informing them that my key wasn't letting me in my room and they said security would be up immediately... 20 minutes later I went down to the front desk and had new keys made but nobody had apologized for my inconvenience.  Other than their customer service I really enjoyed my stay and my birthday.  I can't decide yet if I will be returning but if I do, a follow up review will be posted. Oh and find the secret pizza place! The line is long at 4:00am but it's worth the wait.
1	Nice hotel but bad service at Wicked Spoon buffet, very slow service unfriendly staff including line cooks floor staff, for the price service is really bad.
5	I completely love this hotel.  It has awesome decor that keeps you in awe wherever you go.  The restaurants are great.  The rooms are beautiful.  Especially if you get a wrap arround Terrace suite overlooking the Bellagio fountains.  The buffet is amazing.  There are 3 pools and the two that are not day clubs are super relaxed and comfortable.  This is my favorite hotel and I always recommend it to people who come to town.
3	For the price you pay for this hotel you would think it would include free wi-fi or gym access? Nope! Those are all extra fee's and I thought that was crap! Anyways, the Hotel is Beautiful and glamorous.  The decor of the chandeliers are amazing and you can just go through the lobby of this place in awe. It is actually really incredible.  The rooms are immaculate, with gigantic bathrooms with a shower that has a full length window overlooking the beds. Kind of kinky, but thank God for blinds because we shared the room with friends.  The location of this hotel is pretty much in the middle of the strip which makes it very convenient.  I only gave this hotel 3 stars because the staff was not too friendly and the bag check was so disorganized we had to wait 40 minutes for our bags to get to our room because there was miscommunication amongst the staff and someone thought someone else took our bags up already.  This place is really beautiful but for the price you pay I would think they would have better service and hospitality.  I don't think I would stay here again, definitely not my fav Hotel in Vegas.
5	Though I'm a local, I have had my share of visits as a tourist here and it is definitely the best, if not one of, hotel that you can stay at. It's a bit pricey but you pay for what you get. My personal favorite is the wrap-around suite. Came here for my girlfriend's birthday and it is extremely delightful. Very nice renovations and architecture with lots of space! Heavenly bed, and multiple TVs. Also has its own little bar with alcohol, food and etc which you have to pay for. If you don't plan on expending any of the provided condiments, then don't use them. They are tracked by some laser and repeatedly taking off any of drinks or foods will charge you, and yes they are expensive. On the other hand, they have a fridge for your own food and drinks! They also have a great and HUGE balcony that can possibly oversee the whole Strip. Definitely some romance involved in that. Not only do you get to access one of the best rooms but you also get complimentary access to the best club on the strip, Marquee! Just show your hotel key and you are given admission. And trust me, if you're a guy, you want to take advantage of this. Marquee normally charges each male anywhere from $50 - $80. But for your stay, you get to experience a rapidly rising club at no charge!Not only is this a good honeymoon spot(or something in that matter), but a good spot to hold a party with your friends. This wrap-around suite itself can house a party with an occupancy limit of up to 40 people! The balcony truly does wonders in providing spaciousness and air! Just don't stay out too long cause in higher altitudes, there are mosquitos. I stayed out in the balcony so long that a mosquito bit me on my forehead, leaving me a lump on my forehead. Lots of restaurants and shops in the 3 story lobby as well. Personally did not like the Wicked Spoon buffet as it is overrated IMO but it's only a few steps away. Don't waste your time and money staying at a lower-tier hotel where it may be difficult to experience the city that never sleeps, for the Cosmpolitan will grant you ease during your visits.
3	We came here for a bachelorette party this past weekend. While the hotel is beautiful and definitely served its purpose, there were a few kinks that could be worked on.Key cards/elevators: Maybe they should be checked. Like many hotels (I learned), you need a key card to be able to properly use the elevator. I never fully figured out how to perfectly work it - sometimes it appeared you had to leave the card in, or pull it out fast, or slowly, or hope, or pray. We also received two keys for one room and four for the other, which seemed odd. Also had a morning when we literally had an 8 minute elevator ride, because it stopped on EVERY SINGLE FLOOR. It was also filled to capacity for the majority of the time, so every time the door opened an awkward moment of staring with the downhearted elevator recipient-hopefuls would take place. I thought the whole point of separate elevators with separate key cards was in order to ease congestion. First-world-problems, yes, but still first-world-annoying.Rooms: Very poor lighting.  Don't mess with poor lighting when you have 8+ girls trying to put on makeup in a hotel room. It'll get ugly. Also - major problems in getting into the rooms. We ordered two rooms off Gilt City, and were somehow told that we would have adjoining rooms. Even though three girls' names were put down as registered to the room, one room only ended up being under one girl's name, with the other two girls being registered to the other.  This was problematic because said single-girl's flight got delayed, so all 8 girls had to sleep in one room for the night even though we should have had two rooms. They also told us that they could not guarantee adjoining rooms, even though this was expressed to us upon ordering it. The only other option was to see if the adjoining room vacated at a certain time, and then we would claim the room between 12 and 1 PM. Not possible if you're trying to get drunk at a dayclub during those prime sunny hours.Pros: Beauty, cool screens, ambiance, and they don't have a problem with alcohol being in your room.All in all, a nice place to stay, despite all. I suppose Vegas without hiccups wouldn't be Vegas.
5	I LOVED STAYING HERE.Rooms are clean and tidy, the bedding is amazing, the bathrooms were phenomenal.  Service is excellent. While you're here, go check out Marquee. Guests get in for free if you sign up for the guestlist the morning of the day you want to go. Next time i need to try the buffet, which i hear is amazing!All my future stays will be at this hotel, i love it so much.
4	Three words for ya. No, not those dreaded 3 words but these 3 words: WRAP AROUND SUITE.OTHER 3 WORDS ASSOCIATED WITH VEGAS THAT INCLUDE THE WORD "WRAP":1.  WRAP IT UP 2. THAT'S A WRAP3. CHICKEN WRAP PLEASE?Where was I going with this??Anyway back to the Wrap around Suite..That suite was the bizznazz. It was definitely some playa pimp type stuff right there! I'm  surprised that some rooms actually have a balcony to go out on. We didn't just have a normal balcony either. Not just one sliding door to go out to a little area. We had a whole wrap around!! Excited much about the balcony?!? uhh yea!! https://s3-media4.ak.yelpcdn.com/photo/6Of1k0BknUlvndrTfuwvMA/l.jpgThe balcony was so awesome that I even took the roll away bed outside and slept there!! https://s3-media2.ak.yelpcdn.com/photo/OyriF7bgiUX5jREANubSFQ/l.jpgNow that's what you get for waking up in Vegas! /cue Katy PerryBut really, every morning I would wake up to the city. The sun. The MUSIC!! I think that had to be the first time ever fist pumping as I woke up!Did I mention our balcony looked right over the Marquee Club and Pool area!??SCORE!!https://s3-media1.ak.yelpcdn.com/photo/aLQAmFBVpikvbu6P8BHOEQ/l.jpgThat meant a birds eye view of the pool, the ladies, the bikinis, the ladies, the pool and more bikinis!! Oh and the DJ and his music. Ok enough  about the balcony. That was a highlight of the room though.Other great features of the suite:WASHER & DRYER: Did we use the washer? Nope. But we did use the dryer to dry my wet draws! Oh and to get wrinkles out of my shirt when I was to lazy to iron!FULL KITCHEN: This definitely came in handy. We saved a lot of money by actually using the kitchen. We made breakfast every morning. It was like our own bachelor pad for this trip.LIVING ROOM AREA:We did a lot in this area: Drank. Danced. Did push ups. drank some more. Flexed. and more push ups.I had to take away one star because we couldn't hook up the karaoke to the TV. Yes, we take our Magic Mic to Vegas. (not to be confused with Magic Mike) it's a lot of fun when you are drunk and try to sing.The main bedroom had a king bed. A bath tub. A shower. An exit right to the wrap around balcony.  Nothing fancy. The hotel also has one of the more popular clubs here: MARQUEE. We went to the pool party here. Kascade was spinning great music, drinks were flowing, and everyone was acting a fool in the pool! I believe other things were flowing in the pool too! The casino portion of the hotel was ok. Seemed small. They had some pretty loose slots though. (yes, I said loose slots not  loose sluts, but I'm sure you can find the other roaming the streets!!) I like  to play the Wheel of Fortune Slots. I won a couple hundred the first day I got in!! Yeaaa buddy.Overall I would definitely stay here again. Wrap arounds are fun. So are the wrap around balconies! teehee
4	Firs trip to Vegas and I'm already a fan of The Cosmo. There aren't enough words I could use to express the awesome experience we had there. The restaurants are phenomenal, the rooms are amazing, and the service/staff are great! The Marquee day and night club is definitely a must for anyone in Vegas; while the BLVD pool is also a definite can't-be-missed of the hotel. Trust me on this, if you're going to Vegas, stay here, you won't regret it. I will be reviewing the places to eat separately, but know some of the best are here. Also, make sure to sign up for an identity card, which let's the hotel track your spending and will eventually lead to comps and such. Simply put; will I return? Yes.
4	The Cosmo and I have a love/hate relationship!I hate their parking entrance.  It's always congested.  Even if you cab it, it takes FOREVER because there is only one lane.  The parking can be a maze but I go there so often, I'm use to it.  They have those fancy lights that light up green if a parking space is available, red if occupied.  Be careful though because they aren't always accurate.  Be careful of bad drivers, I've had many near-death experiences because of people speeding the narrow parking lot or making sharp turns.  There's usually plenty of parking on the lower levels B4 and B5.I love the decor.  Very modern and lots of shiny stuff.  Many restaurants to choose from: Secret Pizza, Holsteins, STK, Jaleo, Wicked Spoon and many others...If you're a local, check out the Boulevard Pool on Mondays for Dive-in Movie for FREE!!! YAY!!!I've stayed at the Cosmo several times...I like the rooms...very chic but there's always something random...a book or some piece or art that has no intrinsic value...Some of the rooms have an amazing view of the Bellagio fountains and the strip!!!Marquee Dayclub/Nightclub - another thin line....love it because I have great memories there and great DJs....hate it because of the infinite amount of stairs and the small dance floors.If you've never been, you should definitely visit the Cosmo!!! Lots of Kodak opportunities.....     v*O*v
3	I would rate this a 5 based on the hotel itself but room service and housekeeping was terrible! It took 2 hrs for them to bring us an ice bucket and extra blanket. We had to contact the front desk 5 times and the communication between the services was horrible. I would love to stay there again but am hesitant since the service wasn't great.
5	This was the first time staying at the Cosmo and we were extremely excited.  Man, this place did not disappoint.  I've read some other reviews about customer service and issues with room keys, housekeeping, etc and for the most part, I would say our experience was a lot different than the negative ones seen in other reviews.Our room was beautiful and clean.  We somehow scored a room on the 51st floor overlooking the strip.  Our terrace view was epic.  The terrace was the biggest selling point for us.  The bathroom was huge and contained a large walk-in shower and a soaking tub with a window that overlooked the strip.  The sleeping area was nice and the bed was super comfortable.  The sitting area was huge and had a couch, desk, minibar, sink, big screen TV and dishwasher, which we found random.  The closet area was huge and the iron worked well.  Safe worked well too.  There are random books placed throughout the room, which were pointless to us, but a neat way of being different.  I love the lighting features of the room.  By pushing a button on the phone or by the entry door you can control all of the lights in the room.  Great way of just laying down, hitting a button and going to sleep.The hotel as a whole is beautiful.  Completely geared to 30 to 40 year olds with a lot of modern flare and chic details.  The check-in area is fun with huge LED columns that change constantly.  There are lots of restaurant options.  We've eaten at Henri and Comme Ca, which were both great.  Bond bar is fun late at night with interesting drinks and go-go dancers shakin' it above the crowd.  Light system in Bond is great!  We didn't make it to Marquee, but from what we heard and saw, it's THE place to be in Vegas right now.We only went to the Boulevard pool, but it had a neat vibe.  You can play pool, Foosball and PS3.  Drinks at the bar are pricey, but that's pretty much anywhere you go in Vegas these days.  Get there early for a lounge chair, otherwise, there really are not many places to sit unless you want to spend the coin on a cabana or daybed.  Have Tyler make his ginger mojito.  Fantastic!  Music could have been a little louder, but it was nice.Now, here are a couple of the challenges we ran into.  When we checked in, the original room faced the mountains.  We waited a couple hours for a different room and like I said somehow got that great view on floor 51.  The problem we ran into was, they had given us our keys and said they would be activated when the room was ready.  Upon receiving the phone call for our room we entered the elevator, put our key in to access the floor and the key did not work.  Someone else had activated floor 51 for us.  When we got to our room, the key didn't work.  We had to go all the way back down to the front desk to get new keys.  They fixed it for us right away and the key worked fine.  The card readers in the elevators are a little goofy, but you'll get the hang of it.I think the biggest downfall to the Cosmo was the housekeeping.  Yes, our bed was made every day and the bathroom was cleaned as well.  The garbage, however, was not emptied daily, and I do not believe the ice container was cleaned out.  The mini-bar was not replenished during our entire stay, but that wasn't a big deal since we didn't use it much at all.  Also, when we first arrived in our room there was a large wet spot on the carpet just outside of the soaking tub.  My guess is that it was used shortly before we checked in and the room was cleaned.  The terraces are also not cleaned daily.  I used a glass for cigarette buts and it wasn't touched the entire stay.  Also, found a used condom on the terrace, which was thrown from above I'm sure.  That wasn't cleaned after we returned back to our room.  Otherwise, everything was very upscale.  I think people need to remember this is Las Vegas, so crazy stuff is bound to be found and happen.We had a light burn out in the toilet area of the bathroom.  I called to have it replaced and when we returned to our room it was done.  Overall customer service was good.Shower could have had more water pressure.  I think that was my only real complaint.  The good of this hotel far outweighs the bad.  If you stay there, get an Identity membership.  Its good for all your gambling, food and shopping purchases, as well as your hotel stay.  By the time we left after three and a half days, people knew our name and we are by no means heavy gamblers or big spenders, so that felt nice.This is my new favorite place to stay in Vegas and probably one of the best hotel rooms I've ever been in.
5	Stayed here the week between Christmas and New Year's Eve in 2011.  Booked one of the Terrace One Bedroom rooms through Travelocity.  When I checked in they upgraded me to one with a view of the Bellagio fountains (Which actually cost more than those with a view towards City Center).  We were on the 37th floor and our view was EPIC!  Every night we would chill out on the balcony and watch the fountains while enjoying the view.  You could actually hear the music from the fountains in our room.  I paid roughly $200/night for the room and felt like it was an absolute steal!  These particular rooms have all the same amenities that you would find in most $1200/night suites.  To name a few:  living room with large flat screen, kitchenette, huge closet and dressing area with leather bench, private toilet closet, nice vanity area, wet room with Japanese soaking tub and shower (also has a full window over tub that looks out over the Strip), separate bedroom with large flat screen, and huge balcony with glass railing and lounge chair.  It was pretty ridiculous!I've been to many casinos and this has a little bit different vibe than the rest.  You get the sense that gambling is like the fifth most important thing here.  Wonderful selection of restaurants, Jaleo by Jose Andres being my favorite.  What can I say, I'm a sucker for tapas and "Empanadillas de brandada de bacalao!"  Sometimes I wake up in the middle of the night wondering if they will ship these to Mississippi.The location of the resort is also a huge plus.  You really feel like you're in the middle of everything.  With Bellagio and Caesars to one side and City Center to the other, you're saved from super long walks and the hassle of hailing cabs.My sole complaint about the Cosmo is the spa.  Now this is a small complaint, not even enough for me to lose a star in my rating.  The spa was a bit of a let down.  Not in the quality of the facility and staff, but in the layout of it.  If you're looking for a day at the spa with someone of the opposite sex, be prepared to be quarantined from one another.  The only coed lounge is on a separate floor and you have to be escorted there by one of the staff.  The wet areas are also a little on the small side.  Again, this is my only beef and seeing as how nice and helpful the staff was not enough to lose a star.
2	I REALLY wanted to enjoy my experience here. I heard so many great things about this hotel and was looking forward to my bachelorette weekend (not MY wedding, a friends). All 8 of us girls arrived ready last week, ready for a weekend filled with clubbing, booze, food, and gambling. We got an upgrade to the suite instead of the basic queen bed rooms. That was a plus. Then all hell broke loose. The elevator situation here is RIDICULOUS! We had to wait so long for elevators to come up or go down that instead of spending our money in their casino, we spent most of our time in our rooms drinking OUR alcohol. The lines for everything were so ridiculous. A 1 hour long wait for the buffet?! Seriously? I know that this was the busy season for Vegas but I have been to Vegas almost every summer for the past 5 years and have never had an experience like this.We had bought tickets for Santigold and Bloc Party. After standing in the rain for about 2 hours, they came on and said that Santigold was NOT performing. We were pretty upset at this so we left. We then found out later that she ended up showing up around 1am and performing after all. She played a 25 min set. The hotel says things are out of their control- so we called Ticketmaster. Since she ended up playing, we cant get our money back. Way to go Cosmo- you made our weekend filled with inconveniences. Next time, I'll stay at one of the many other BETTER hotels on the strip and give them my money.I am still coming back to try Wicked Spoon though damnit!
5	My favorite hotel in Vegas.Awesome customer service from the staff (registration, Identity desk, dealers, etc).  My Casino Host offered to send a car to pick me up from the airport...  Except for the base City Room, I believe all rooms have balconies.  Not many hotels on the strip have balconies for their rooms--at least, not the affordable rooms...My players membership comes with 2 free wifi connections.  I get wifi all over cosmo and am not limited to just in my room as in most other casinos...The Marquee night club is the best night club in Vegas and, in some reviews, best in the USA.  Update:  I tried the Day club during the 2012 Labor Day weekend.  I loved it.  Great layout with the covered areas, dance floor, bed, and DJ.  Also fabulous & friendly staff!IMO, the Cosmo Wicked Spoon Buffet is the 2nd best buffet in Vegas, following Bellagio's (the M casino offers a wide selection of food but the quality of the food is OK). The pizza at Secret Pizza is really good.  I usually have a slice to close out the night.The people that stay at the Cosmo is from the younger generation so the chicks that walk around the casino are hot!  The Boulevard and Bamboo pools are cozy to hang around at.The Chandelier Bar has to be the best pure bar on the strip.And very important....  I sometimes win when I gamble here!  LoL
3	Nice hotel and well appointed however the pool service and room housekeeping lucks interest into making the stay perfect.The amenities in the room were missing, such as flip flops and robes, bottle opener and glasses. Also the "Do Not Disturb" sign that invited the housekeeping staff to wake us up every morning. The living room phone was not charging in two of our rooms.The Bamboo Pool staff had a very slow moving day. The waiters although many around, none to be found. Waited over one hour to find one and after placing the order the drinks returned 20 minutes later. Second order, the waitress left our drinks next to someone's chair even though we ordered from inside the pool. After asking for our drinks she brought them to us with melted ice from the 110 degree sun after 45 minutes wait. The assistant supervisor of the pool, very disoriented and uneducated was unprofessional and without interest to solve the issue. She felt like all she had to do was comp our drinks instead evaluating the real issue and solving the employees.For a late check out of two hours it was requested to pay a half day rate.All this during a midweek stay. Cannot imagine a weekend chaos!
3	It's ok. The pool party is ok and the club is ok. Nothing spectacular. It doesn't match the quality of the room! No use for a full kitchen tho. The Casino is small. It's a pain using the key in the elevator all the time. The hotel is definitely set up to cater for long term stayers. but the price is set up for weekend warriors. I'm confused. Wait I know the rooms were meant to be sold not rented out. I guess they couldnt sell the condos so they turned into a hotel.  I still prefer MGM or Palazzo and their group
5	Beautiful hotel with a slew of great eats and shops. Went to an invite only eats-capade here, where the top local restaurants shared their fare with all sorts of foodies (and non-so-foodies). Great set-up under the vegas lit sky.
4	Came here with the girlfriend on a business trip of hers. Room was paid for by company. We got the terrace bedroom. We literally thought it was a suite and it was huge with everything high tech great view with see through hot tub and shower made it a great couples room and living area was spacious with big couch. Service wise throughout hotel was great everybody was friendly gaming was ok not too many options as far as games and slots go
5	Stay in the Wraparound Suite with the Fountain View! It must be one of the best views on the strip... Seriously! I've stayed in a few of the 5 Star resorts on the strip such as the Palazzo and Wynn and this one is right up there. It isn't huge as the other properties, since it's only on a few acres, but it towers above the rest. Try their buffet, relax in their pool, you won't regret or forget it.  Also, their clubs are the hottest on the strip. They ladies come to grab attention... Can't wait to get back and use my free room offers at the Cosmo!!!
1	My review just went from 2 stars to 1 star. I emailed to complain about my experience and heard NOTHING. I then emailed AGAIN explaining how upsetting it was that they couldn't even say a simple 'we're sorry'. This place has to be the absolute worst in customer service. Go give another more deserving hotel your money. One that actually cares about its customer base. I have gotten better treatment at Circus Circus.
4	Beautiful, modern hotel. We were here all throughout our stay in Vegas, for dinner, concerts, and partying. The central chandeliers are lovely and the crystal light fixtures throughout the building are pretty spectacular.
5	I have been to A LOT of hotels in Vegas and the smell they pump into the vents here is absolutely mesmerizing. There are amazing places to eat including one of my favorites, Scarpetta, and great bars. The rooms are comfy and have amazing balconies even way way way up in the sky. If you want a trendy and fun place to hang out or stay I would choose this hotel over any other one on the strip!
5	EXCELLENT !!!Great location, awesome rooms! Not your average vegas hotel stayed here during Christmas 2011 , and it was absolutely wonderful!  PLUS If you are a guest here entrance to the Marquee is complementary! chandelier bar is just amazing! decor is very modern! I stayed at the terrace guest room which had  the japanese soaking tub over looking the strip is just which was incredible , Really had a great time here can't wait to go back this labor day weekend! Cosmopolitan will be THE hotel I stay at every time I visit Vegas!
4	i think the tub in our wraparound terrace suite was leaking.but other than that, i liked this place a LOT! the couch was comfy (i slept on it), the staff courteous, the secret pizza place BOMB as always, the terrace (AND THE VIEW) amazing! our unit had a washer/dryer, and full kitchen, complete with space in the fridge for our waters and a dishwasher! the 2nd bathroom smelled like smoke, but cosmo is not to be blamed for that, just the inconsiderate nincompoop that stayed there before us. the pool was perfect for our three babies, and i loved the icy wet towels they dispensed. the misters that sprayed out onto the sun bathers were nice too. for those of you with babies: they have a baby kit complete with baby shampoo and diaper rash cream and stuffs. quite lovely. i even played at the blackjack tables downstairs and came up! UNHEARD OF! YAY FOR HAPPY VEGAS EXPERIENCES!
5	Can I say  Wow!!! This is the most Classiest Hotel/ Casino in Vegas. This beats Encore x10!! They put style in everything from the lobby to the parking areas! There is not a dull look anywhere in side this property.  The staff is very helpful with everything. Its a must go!
1	IF YOU ARE A GAMBLER, GO ELSEWHERE! I wish that I could give this place no stars. I am sure that the hotel rooms are posh, but this place has HORRIBLE customer service. My friend and I signed up for the Club Identity promotion which provides new members with 100 dollars in free play if you lose 100.  Signing up was not fun because the Club Identity rep was incredibly rude and condescending. She kept cutting us off mid sentence. We each lost our hundred fairly quickly, but when we came to redeem the free play, they refused to give it to us because we has not lost enough.  We each started with 100 and played until it was gone. However, according to Club Identity, my friend only lost 95 and I only lost 80.  When we explained that we both started with 100 and lost the full amount, they said that a slot technician would need to verify the losses on each machine we played- we played quite a few. She then asked us if we understood what a net loss was.  Seriously? It's too bad that such a beautiful hotel has such terrible customer service.  I am a Noir player at MGM and was interested in checking out this casino, but I won't be back. In fact, we refused to pay a penny more to get the free play we already should have had. We have been waiting for about 30 minutes now while the slot tech checks every machine. Stick with the MGM chain or Venetian/Palazzo.   Both of these groups understand customer service and treat players like royalty.
5	This place is absolutely beautiful. The crystal chandeliers are just so amazing. Definitely one of the most gorgeous center bar at the strip. This place boasts of intricately designed interior with 5 star class! The dealers are friendly and the cocktail servers come around constantly. I guess that's a big plus!
3	I'm torn about this place, the last time we came, we stayed in the wraparound suite which was beautiful, it had a washer and dryer, full kitchen and a great view but I'm so disappointed by the check in. This happened twice now, check in time is 3:00 p.m., last October I came with 7 people and booked 2 suites for my husband's birthday. We had dinner reservation at 6 followed by a Pitbull & Enrique concert at the Red Rock, we arrived at 4:30 and was told the rooms wouldn't be ready for another hour since they're short on housekeeping staff. How's that my problem? We patiently waited til 5:30 when I had to go ask if our rooms are ready and because I "rushed them" which is now 2 1/2 hrs past check in time, they told me one of the room was ready, the other not til 6:00!!! We went up to the ready room and it stunk, party streamers were still on the ceiling with tapes all over and vomit on the balcony, the other room was perfect once it was ready. All this delay caused us to miss the entire Pitbull's opening, we were pissed, I complained and showed them pictures of my dirty room and was only given a $75 credit. Because of my husband's love for the balcony/terrace, we came back last month, same story, arrived at 4 and was told "we have your room reserved but it wouldn't be ready for another hour or two". OH NO you're not doing this to me again so I complained and got my room right away. The room was perfect except for the bed, not the most comfy bed or beddings, I hate the feeling of the blanket, it's not soft, little itchy but because of the damn balcony, I'll be back again. I do like the shower a lot and the room service food is amazing, especially the Belgian Waffles. Cosmo, please do whatever it takes to get the rooms ready by 3, I'm sure you wouldn't like it if I told you, I know check out is at 11 but I won't be ready to check out til 1:00, you'll charge me so please have the same consideration for your guests.
5	Didn't stay here although ate at Comme and played at the Casino. This is by far one of the nicest, cleanest hotels on the strip. We won $70 on penny slots on $5. Lots of games slots and tables. Def will stay there next time in Vegas!
1	The slot tech did confirm that we each lost the required $100 and we were credited with the free play.   We recovered all but $3 of our losses and got the heck out of there.  Although the situation was resolved, it took them almost an hour to do so.  VERY POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE FOR A "HIGH END" PROPERTY.
1	Beautiful hotel, only the service was horrible, the room was dirty, they charge for everything, and it claims to have the best pool in vegas?  Please!  Upon arriving, I paid for the $50 a night upgrade that gave us a bigger room.  We were placed into a room that was recently cleaned.  However, there were glass shards in the restroom, drug-like substance on a book against the tv, icky stuff on the floor, change that was left on the counter, everything was wet in the room, and there was a nasty white stain on the bench against the bed.  I was astounded!  They did not apologize for the inconvenience, but instead moved us to a room that had no AC!  We were there in July while it was 110 degrees outside.  I called for toilet paper at 6 pm and they said that i had to wait in line, so it did not come for an hour.  I found online that this hotel had the best pool?  It was beautiful, but teeny tiny.  There is not enough room for everyone to lay in the "popular pool" there were limited free chairs.  I would not come back or recommend this place to anyone.  Come inside to look around but don't waste your money.
5	The only place I stay at when I hit Vegas! Beautiful contemporary decor. So modern and chic! I swear this hotel is not has everything! The highlights:Beautiful rooms! Doesn't matter if you're in the standard room or loft suites. They are all stunning. Chandelier bar is absolutely breathtaking Marquee: beautiful people, hosts great events. Home to a handful of my favorite djsConnected to crystal shopping center; no need for taxi ! It's within walking distance! The secret pizza place- what great mArketing, I'm bring all my friends here and they're always amazed. I actually win when I gamble here :) I think they love me.
4	One of my funny goals in life other than trying out all the buffets anywhere available.... is to hit up all the hotels in the Las Vegas area...  Now with my new project of connecting major brand hotels with local restaurants in the works and seeing how awesome the hotel industry can be.... I've decided to write many future reviews on my experiences with all the hotels I've patroned in the past in LV.... I will call it, the Henry Hotel Collection...... So without further adieu, I'd like to introduce my first Las Vegas Hotel.... The Cosmopolitan!My reviews on the hotel series will be consist of the following 5 areas....1)  Location2)  Decor and Room Styles3)  Service and general Staff interaction4)  Environment of crowd5)  Price-Location:  Situated in the heart of the new Las Vegas South lies the beautifully created Cosmopolitan...  Squeezed in between the famed Ballagio and the newly hip City Center Cosmopolitan is primely located where all the new hot actions are all at!  Easy access to PH, Paris, Bellagio, Caesars, Aria, etc. makes this hotel a very desireable lodging decision.-Decor and Room Style:  Opulent + Hip & Stylish is what I would call the Cosmopolitan...  With giant crystal chandliers hanging in the middle of the hotel travelling all the way up at least 3 floors brings the opulence of the hotel while all the trendy stitched faux leather (or maybe real?) covering the walls truly brings the excitement out of this casino...  At the check in you will find ever changing columns where you will see anything from flowers, patterns, to michaelangelo famed paintings constantly rotating... just wait till you see the bookshelf image... pretty cool!  The rooms are absolutely beautiful with a large bathroom, 2 sinks, whirlpool tub, standing shower, separated toilet away from the shower area, and the peek-a-boo divider curtain makes the rooms super cool!  Rooms can be operated via central control located on the phones in the room and there are 2 - 40" LCD TVs with a microwave for your enjoyment...  Be sure to try to get the terrace suite... you have an awesome balcony where you can lounge in a day chair/ ottoman and take in the awesome view of Vegas!  (Get the higher floors if you can)-Service and Staff interaction:  Check ins can be a bit slow, but overall the staff at the Cosmo is wonderful and accomodating...-Environment of Crowd:  Young, hip, wannabe rich, obnoxious, rude young douchebags....  This is what really turned me off at the Cosmo... yes... there are many people like this in Vegas... generally at the clubs when they are drunk.... however, it seems that all of them no matter if they were drunk or not, all congregated at the Cosmo.... too many rude and in appropriate comments made to the beautiful ladies at the hotel is super annoying... guys... keep your mouth shut and maybe you will look better in front of these girls that you are trying to pick up......-Price:  Uber expensive!   Upcoming weekend at the Cosmo has the rooms going for $600!!!  Really?  That's like 7 rooms at Imperial Palace!!!  Little too much for my blood but I was fortunate enough to enjoy the wonderful rooms via comp.....  But again.. the location, the new hip place to be making Cosmo one of the high end expensive Las Vegas Hotels....Would I return... yes for the rooms and the hotel, no for the scene there via douchebags...More exciting reviews for the Henry's Hotel Collection coming soon.....
5	If you can afford it you can buy it....Don't come to this hotel expecting to get anything cheap. In fact, dont come to this hotel expecting anything to be reasonably priced. It's not, low end blackjack tables are $25 a hand, a cocktail is $16, entrance to Marquee on a Saturday is $70. But, if you come here with the idea that money is no boundary, then whatever you want is yours. Cabana with its own private jacuzzi overlooking the pool party? Yes please. Buzzing nightclub until 5am? OK. Friendly waitresses and dealers? Sounds good. Buffet with everything from sushi to roast beef? Great.verall, the Cosmopolitan was an amazing experience The rooms were just fantastic, the pools were unbeliervable, the music at the tables was awesome and the clubs you could really tear it up in. Whatever you do, get a players card, you are probably going to spend enough to get something comp'd!!
4	Having stayed here for my 'mini moon' it was a difficult decision between 4 & 5 stars. Neil, my husband ya, & I stayed at the Cosmo in the terrace suite, 900 sq ft! OMG... OMFG! It was amazing. Here's the breakdown...Suite/Room: I give it 4 stars for the Terrace Suite. I loved the fact it had 2 full bathrooms & a full kitchen. The large refrigerator also was a plus for the family parties we had in the evenings. We were able to store our drinks we purchased & the extra snacks in the fridge which was a blessing. The bed was HUGE! We had a CAL King... but for being less than 5' I had plenty of room to roll around & not hit my hubby. I thought it was a tad too soft but hubby loved it.Concierge/Room Service: Was fantastic. We needed a wine opener and we got it w/in 10 min. which I thought was good timing.
5	Surprised, room layout and quality is great, two TVs, and even come with microwave. Great room for romance, you can see the shower and bath tube from the living room. I am sure they have room has enclosed bath room. The other features, one touch on/off for all the light, and even the phone (a little disapointment on the phone) is a touch screen, with alarm, weather, etc. Like other people said, don't expect reasonable price on anything.
4	We did not experience the poor customer service that other reviews mention. Check in was a breeze at 4:00pm on a Friday! I was preparing myself for the worst and was pleasantly surprised.We adjusted a few things in the mini fridge to store our food and had no problem having the charges removed. Just called the front desk. The only downside of this trip was the lousy hot water in the shower. I know it's 100+ degrees outside, but I still need a hot shower! Didn't think to call and ask for an adjustment of the temperature.  The spa was incredible! I had the salt scrub and rose bath followed with an oil application. Amazing! Hotel is as beautiful as everyone else described. Do not let the glamor intimidate you, just enjoy it! I will return and hope to upgrade to a suite next time.
2	As a major in pedantry, I am writing this review of the reviews. I go to Vegas 10 or 12 times a year to visit my money. Have stayed at all the 5 stars and a few 4 stars. Thought I would try The Cosmo this time. The reviews on Yelp were primarily positive. Way too positive compared to the reviews on Trip Advisor. My reason for mentioning this is to encourage more Yelpers to be more discriminating and expect more when they pay top dollar. Sites sujch as Yelp are invaluable to travelers and a perfect place to make hotels and others try harder.
5	gorgeous hotel. everything is perfect.cannot stay anywhere else now!
5	In life, you get what you pay for.  If money were no object to me, I would stay at Cosmo every time that I go to Vegas.  Decided to break the bank and stay there on the last two nights of a four day trip.  It is without a doubt the nicest and trendiest hotel that I have ever stayed in.  Ended up in a terrace studio on the 57th floor with a view facing south towards Luxor and Mandelay Bay.  Jumbo flat screens in both the bedroom and the front room.  Walking around the property, I felt like was in a modern-day Logan's Run.  The vast majority of the clientele here is young and good looking.  You may give yourself whiplash when you first get here, but within a couple hours you should be completely desensitized to the extremely attractive members of the opposite gender walking around.All of the restaurants I have been to at Cosmo I have thoroughly enjoyed.  Didn't go to the Wicked Spoon Buffet this time, but have been there before and it was awesome.  Two rather affordable options are Secret Pizza and Holstein's.  Secret Pizza has authentic New York pies for five dollars a slice.  Holstein's has great burgers in the ten to twenty dollar range.  Also, you have to try the W.W.E.D? ice cream drink at the Neopolitan by the pool.  It is heaven in a glass.Probably stay somewhere cheaper in Vegas next time I go, but life is short and you gotta treat yourself once in awhile.
4	W/ Secret Pizza, Wicked Spoon (even though I did not get to eat there), and a day club... I am sure there are more to this hotel. All I know is that the next time I am here, I want to stay here!!
4	Best hotel in Vegas.Only downside, if your a guy you'll have problems getting in to Marquee (their club) they won't even comp or let you jump the line if your a hotel guest. (even if you arrive super early)
5	Here again!!stay was better than theLast got a premium view (bellagioFountains) I wish I lived here!  Got to experience the west tower now and although its the tower away from the strip I enjoyed the view , will be coming back hopefully in november! Also join identity every and any dollar you spend at the hotel(restaurants,m room stays, even a newspaper) gets you points ! I found  out I had $28 from my last stay, and I didn't join until this time around
5	The Cosmopolitan Hotel Las Vegas has to be the best hotel I've ever stayed at. From the Casino floor to the Boulevard Pool. Marquee Day Club and Night Club. The center of Las Vegas Blvd. has shifted. Set right next to the Bellagio, my friends and I were here when the place opened on New Years 2011. Later that year we stayed at the hotel for my friend Chris' bachelor's party. We got him the wraparound room and this room is amazing. and the word amazing doesn't do this room justice. We were able to watch the Bellagio fountain show from about 34 stories up looking over the lit up Las Vegas Strip. If you want to do Vegas right make sure you go to Marquee Night club but if you want to do Vegas BIG. Stay at the Cosmopolitan Hotel. The wraparound is huge and very spacious with a full kitchen and washing machine. Not many hotels on the strip provide an amenity like this. The interior is very modernized and hipster like. One of the more enjoyable amenity to this place is the pool area. If you can, get a cabana when the pool is open during the spring-summer time. If you don't there are plenty of places for you to lounge at. Plenty of lounge chairs all around to bath in the sun. There's also a table tennis and pool table poolside. Full bar close by. They also have a huge jacuzzi by far the largest one I've ever seen. You could literally swim in it its that big. Also, if you stay at the Cosmo, one room card can get you and another person into Marquee on Thursday, Friday and Monday. I had a whole ton of fun staying at this place. speaking of which I met Kristin Dunst on the Casino Floor and she was so cool, we got a picture with her. I'll be back to this place in the near future. Most definitely.
4	I really enjoyed going to the Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas. The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas is modern with very nice decor. The building structure is pretty cool. The Cosmopolitan has some nice restaurants and the gambling area is clean. The atmosphere at the Cosmopolitan was amazing. I went to the Cosmopolitan every day I was in Las Vegas. The EA Sports Bar in the Cosmopolitan kept me up on my sports while I was in town. The main attraction in my opinion was the giant high heel shoe. The size of the shoe was unreal. That's the biggest shoe statue I've ever seen in my life. A lot of eye candy (ladies) was taking pictures with the shoe. You can tell the Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas is one of the newest hotels/casino in Las Vegas. I really enjoyed everything about the Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas. This is definitely a good place to be in Las Vegas. Next time I'm in Las Vegas, I will stay at this hotel.
5	Best Hotel in Vegas...no questions asked. The rooms are awesome. The service is impeccable. You just can't go wrong here!
2	WOW where do I start with the negative comments on this one. This place is astethically pleasing, but the staff are so incredibly rude. The gorgeous ambiance of the hotel (why it's getting 2 stars instead of 1) seems to effect the staff in that they are snobby, arrogant and the "best of the best".... in Vegas hotels means you are simply commonfolk and should appreciate and kiss their feet that you get the privilege to stay there. I was incredibly polite throughout my stay and did not deserve the way I was treated: I booked four standard city rooms for a Bachelorette party. I requested on the reservation that I made 6 MONTHS PRIOR to arriving that they be connected. Ok, I get that your hotel is busy, but really? How hard can that be when I made the reservation 6 months prior? I have plenty of friends that work in busy, ritzy hotels.. IT'S NOT THAT HARD. So all 15 of us hung out in the hotel for the day while we waited for our rooms to be ready. When I checked back at 5pm to see if they were ready, the staff informed me that because I made a request the rooms be connected, "the room may be ready at 6pm... or 11pm tonight.. you never know, you ARE staying at the cosmopolitan, so we never know what time your rooms will be ready." WTF? I didn't pay for four hotel rooms to be available at 11pm tonight and the attitude was completely unnecessary. The rooms became available at 7pm and they were split up all over the hotel. Awesome. The rooms - they were nice and clean, what you would expect. The food tray with the sensors (my favorite) on the tiny little table.. if you tap it, it sets all of the items off, so expect to pay for ALL OF THEM even if they aren't eaten/used. I called down to have the tray removed due to this, and they told me that sending up a technician to remove it would be $30. Oh, and if you want a cord to hook-up your ipod? That technician is $25. Oh, and when you call down to customer service to deal with these issues? Expect the staff to also be rude and condescending; THE CUSTOMER IS ALWAYS RIGHT does not apply to this hotel. For a special occasion, some hotels treat you better than their normal customers because someone is celebrating something special. Forget it here. This hotel is beautiful and I will come in to dine, go to the pool and the nightclub... but I will NEVER stay here again.
3	You know what's cool -- Staying at the COSMO. You know what makes you even cooler? Rolling your eyes at the Cosmo. Here's what you can expect:+ Young people with money / access to credit. + The smell of Axe / Dakar Noir / Paris Hilton Parfum intermixed with some classy people wearing Tom Ford Private Reserve. + Overweight chicks holding their cheap knock-off platforms. + Elegant classy women glamorously strolling the main walk. + A faint "mmp-psh mmp-psh mmp-psh with a fuzzy overlay of a crowd roar pulsating from Marquee into almost every corner of the Casino. + Eerie quiet mornings. How much cooler would this place be if it were a W Hotel? Right?????
1	Ahhhh scary not fan a rough crowds but dinning is worth a try!
5	I live about 2 minutes from the Cosmo, and it's really hard to list everything that makes this place so awesome. A ton of great and unique restaurants(Holstein's, Secret Pizza, China Poblano, Milo's), a fantastic concert venue(they drain out the pool for GA shows) and an incredibly modern and young feel. It's legitimately more exciting being in the Cosmo over any other casino in Vegas. I haven't stayed at the Cosmo but I have been in the rooms and like everything else they are very very cool. From the views to the comfort of the beds, it's all very high class and worth the price tag.
5	As borat sagdiyev would say, "waawaweeewa!!". Or "king in da castle, king in da castle!".Had the wonderful opportunity to stay here in a terrace suite on the 46th floor overlooking the stip/bellagio fountains.Well what can I say, I'll start with PARKING. 5 stars.The garage is laid out very well and you are only a short walk to the elevator.This can be quite convenient when going back and fourth from room to car.Also, all of the spots have a really great LED system that is set up above the parking spot that lights up green when empty, and stays red when occupied. Thus making finding a spot MUCH MUCH EASIER!!!SERVICE: 5 starsFrom the check in desk, to the prompt security this place has their service ON POINT!!! I had an inncedent on my first night with a loud neighbor at 5:00 am.I called the desk, noise was gone under 5 minutes. End result, a happy customer.Hotel/casino. Do I even have to say??  Of course it's 5 stars.......It's a 4+ BILLION DOLLAR HOTEL!!!Apparantly the whole "city center project" including vdara, mandarin oriental, veer towers, aria, as well as the cosmo and the defunct harmon, was IN TOTAl, 9 billion! before ressecion and inflation. Thus making the cosmopolitan absorb almost HALF the cost of the whole freakin place.Uhh, ya... It's pretty effing nice. Probably the nicest hotel I've ever stayed in and seen.Final word. Stay here. If Vegas is a special treat for you, then what better way to spen your time here than in one of the most expensive hotels in the world?
5	Just came back from a bachelorette weekend in Vegas and the Cosmopolitan was a perfect choice. We had a Terrace suite with a fountain view and it was beautiful.A two room suite.. king bed only.. huge balcony. The frig had some sensored items , but plenty of room for the pop/beer/energy drinks we bought across the street at Walgreen's.Check in for us was a breeze, but the lines later look like there was a bit of a wait. The staff the entire trip was great. The only complaint was housekeeping. Very weak. We called every day to get it done... and eventually it was.The hotel is very sexy and had a good selection of shops and restaurants. reviews to follow. It is also a short walk to Crystals (upscale) and Miracle Mile ( mid range) malls.And Marquee day and night club.. Ahhhh Marquee.. good times :)The Boulevard pool was great also, It gets crowded on the weekend and if you want a sun bed.. get there early. I read the complaints about not enough beds, but really, have you ever been to a really nice resort that had enough ? This pool is for walking, soaking, drink and mixing it up..... not laying on your back. NOT FOR KIDS.. If fact this is not the resort for kids at all, not really set up for them.We gambled a little and the dealers were very friendly and helpful... won  a little !I would not hesitate coming back here again
5	Stayed for a Bachlorette party, and all I can say is, "am I dreaming"? The rooms incredible, restaurants divine, clubs very young and jumping!! We had a little trouble with our bags being brought to us by the bellman but it was resolved by a $100 hotel comp, for anything in the hotel, drinks, food, services. The doors, well watch out for your fingers! They are extremely heavy and slam very fast!! I would love to bring my husband here for his 30th birthday. I know he would have memorable experience just as I did.
4	My friends and I stayed at the Terrace Suite at Cosmopolitan and it was amazing! It's so spacious and modern, and super comfy. The mattress was oh my goodness comfy and amazing, and so are the couches. I couldn't stop going outside the balcony and chill on the chair outside too. The warm air and Bellagio fountain shows made it super relaxing. Oh, it's super cool you can control lightings from the room phone. Marquee and restaurants are just an elevator away, so convenient! Also, staffs and bouncers here are nice! I tried couple of those restaurants, and they are all delicious! Even the pizza from Secret Pizza was amazing. Vdara and Aria are also a couple minutes walk away. Would definitely love to stay here again.
1	I literally never yelp about anything, I created an account to warn you all about this place! STAY AWAY!I cannot say how disappointed I was with my stay at the Cosmopolitan. I booked it for a bachelorette party and I wish we hadn't. First, when we checked in the room that we were given was filthy, the beds were made (which was disturbing) but the carpets had bloodstains,  the bathrooms had NOT been cleaned and there was trash around the room. I was then put on hold for 45 minutes before anyone even apologized for the situation, and it was a pathetic apology at that. We had to wait an hour wandering around the hotel, till they gave us another room. Thankfully, this room was actually clean and the view was very nice, but it took a total of 3 hours for them to rectify the situation and everyone that we dealt with was RUDE!A front desk manager, Chaz, seemed nice and offered use a free bottle of champagne, which was a nice gesture and told us he would take care of any other problems that we had. So when I called down 45 minutes later to see where our bottle of champagne was and I found out that he'd left I was not even surprised. Finally, at 8pm (6 hours later) when I was once again on hold, I was finally able to speak to a hotel manager who apologized. Anything, that they tried to do to make up for the situation turned out to be a bigger fiasco! Upon looking at my bill they charged me for the champagne!!!!It's Monday and I am still on the phone with them trying to figure this out. Currently, on hold. STAY AWAY!
5	I come here for concerts and for the ambiance.
5	One of my favorite places to stay in Vegas.  Highly recommended.  The Pools are very nice.  Great service and people.  Great location to get to other things on the strip.  Fun Fun place.
5	Cosmo rocked my world. It was my first time in Vegas and I felt treated right. There is a certain campy nouveau Kubrick-esque quality of the design, but that's kind of a good thing. Put on that lens, enjoy the cocktails at Chandelier and you're guaranteed to have a good time.
5	I absolutely love the Cosmopolitan!  I stayed here twice, once for my sister's 21st birthday and once for my bachelorette party.  Both occassions were a great experience. The rooms are phenomenal, especially if you get one with a balcony view of the Bellagio fountains.  We've eaten at a few of the restaurants including China Poblano, Jaleo, Holsteins, and the Wicked Buffet.  They were all amazing, but I will say the breakfast buffet is delicious and a great value for the Strip.  We also went to The Marquee for my bachelorette party and had a great time.  The outdoor pool area is great atmosphere and they have different rooms with varying vibes. I can't wait until my next trip to Vegas and we will hopefully be staying at the Cosmo.
3	After reading the reviews I was thrilled to be invited to stay the night and attend a meeting at the Cosmo.  But, I will not be returning any time soon.  It is not a four or five star hotel.  Upon entering my room I found two people there that told me they were inspecting the room and the light in the bathroom stall needed to be fixed and someone would be right up.  5 hours later and sitting in the pitch black, they finally sent someone up after a second call asking to move to a new room.  The bathroom was better in the dark.  In order to get to the square small deep tub, that no one could ever be comfortable in, you needed to walk through the shower which by that time was slippery and dangerous.  The bedroom area was "Gothart"...that means SMALLER than my dorm room at college.  There was a red stain on the floor by the bed that made me very uncomfortable.  I must say that the service was wonderful and the food pretty good.  The lobby is noisy and so was the room....all night long, with the patio door closed I was woken up by sirens and beeping horns.  I could not wait to return home to get some rest and take a bath. This hotel must be paying off websites to list them as the best.  Now, if I were 21 and wanted to have a party in a Las Vegas hotel room, this might be my choice, but I would check into another hotel after to sleep and clean up.
5	I received a comp offer from the Cosmo weeks ago offering me a complimentary two night stay in their terrace suite and $100 in "promotional" gaming chips and $75 bucks in dining credit.I called my friend up and we took the long dreaded drive to Vegas :(Immediately upon check in, this hotel couldn't disappoint me in any way possible. When we checked in, they had these ipads at check in from. The front desk was also very helpful with any questions we might have had.the room.... OMG. SEXY.its unfortunate they only had one bed...so my friend slept on the couch. he said it was very comfortable and you could sleep like 3 people on it easily. They had a modern kitchenette (stovetop, microwave) and TWO HUGE HDTV s on each side of the room.once you step out on the terrace, its even more breathtaking than the room. I could see the front entrance of Planet Hollywood right in front of me and the rest of Las Vegas's glitter and lights. You could even look down at the swimming pool.  #amazing viewthe casino is huge and the dealers are very friendly. just don't expect $5 dollar tables. minimums are $15 on a slow night. If your here on the weekends, you will see GORGEOUS girls in their sexy dresses or skirts walking to and from Marquee (hottest nightclub in vegas as of now...). It's literally a parade of them from 10pm-3am.the pool area is awesome especially with their addition of their wall of TELEVISIONS. lobby is gorgeous and very hip.there's nothing bad to say about this place...except i found out their terrace suites go for $350/night on weekends. LOL #wowthis place is classy, clean, customer-service oriented, loads of shopping and dining choices, no drunken college frat boys, and spectacular.
5	It seems like everybody else is writing stories for reviews so I'll make this simple.  We only stayed one night so there is only so much I can say.  For under $300 we got a room that overlooked the Bellagio fountains that was huge, had a separate sitting area and bedroom area as well as a large bathroom PLUS A BALCONY!!  If you are like me, sometimes you just need a little fresh air and this is awesome and totally enhances the Vegas experience.  We got some pampering at the Spa and I had an amazing massage.  Great location in the middle of all the action. You can walk anywhere or cab anywhere on the strip for $10.  This is my new spot in Vegas
4	This place is Amazing.  We went here for a bachelorette party and (of course) got the royal treatment the entire time.  Employees were so friendly and gracious.  The restaurants here are meh but I'm just partial to Bouchon in the Venetian :) I love that this hotel does not have a theme.  Just super chic with great art.  I wish we could have gone to the Chandelier bar but we were "busy" napping and laying by the pool.Our room was gorgeous, had a view of the fountains, Paris balloon and Eiffel tower.  And they were able to accommodate us by giving us 2 adjoining rooms.  Only downsides were value for money (but probably good bc it may be deterring the trashiest) and the fact that we were in a wheelchair accessible room with no lip on the shower which made for some flooding.  Nothing that couldn't be fixed with a few towels.The BLVD pool is amazing too.  Would LOVE to see a show here.
2	We just got back from a 4 night stay at the Cosmopolitan and I doubt I'll go back.  This hotel fell well short of our expectations.  In short, our room wasn't ready when we arrived, items in our room didn't work, the room had been and continued to be poorly cleaned during our stay, and hotel staff was in general not helpful.Upon arrival, we were informed that they didn't have any rooms available like we reserved and that they didn't know how long it would be before one would be ready.  They tried to up-sell us to another room for $50/night, but we declined and chose to wait for the room we requested to be cleaned and become available.  They gave us keys and informed us that they would call shortly and let us know what our room number is and that our keys would be automatically activated for that room.  After roughly a 2 hour wait, we received the call that our room was ready, but their system to activate the keys wasn't working so we needed to go back to the front desk to get new keys made.  After getting back to the front desk to get new keys made, another attempt was made by the front desk employee to up-sell us to a different room, this time for $30/night.  Again we declined.  However, we were able to talk them into putting us in a room on a higher floor than what they had originally assigned us to (originally assigned us to a room on the 30th floor and we ended up with a room on the 61st floor).At first glance the room was nice, but the longer we stayed there, the more issues we found.  We found an empty beer can in one of the cabinets within the first 30 seconds of entering the room, but yet the maid didn't seem to be able to find it and dispose of it in the 4 days we stayed there.  The mini bar was missing items.  We worried that this would show up on our bill when we checked out.  It did, but the front desk had no issue taking the item off our bill.  The lights in the room can all be controlled via on/off wall switches or via dimming options through the TV.  It's kind of a neat system except it rarely worked.  After our first night, we were never able to control the lights or any of the other features in the room using the TV.  We were also never able to get the TV in the living room area to come on after the first day.  I suspect the 2 issues were related.  The jacuzzi features in the bath tub didn't work at all.  The maid seemed to come every day we were there, but yet I saw no signs that the room was ever vacuumed while we were there.  The iron in the room had a broken knob on it so you couldn't tell what setting it was on or change the setting.  My other issues with the room get pickier from there so I'll stop.  While this all sounds bad, we didn't stress out about it too much as we really didn't spend that much time in the room to begin with.The staff at the Cosmopolitan leaves much to be desired as well.  Of the 3 people we had to deal with at the front desk, only 1 was really helpful and pleasant to talk to.  It ended up working out better for us that this didn't happen, but when the front desk called us to tell us our room was ready, they should have also called the bellhop for us to have our bags that we left with them brought up to our room.  Instead, we had to stand in line and deal with the bellhop ourselves.  We rented a car for a day from the Hertz desk inside the hotel.  Upon trying to return the car, no one was working the desk at 11am.  The couple in line in front of us at the Hertz desk waited nearly 35min while hotel staff was dumbfounded as to why someone wasn't working the desk.  We waited about 20min and a couple behind us waited about 10min.  I can't fault the hotel too much for Hertz not doing their job, but the organization and communication among the hotel staff about how to resolve the situation was pathetic.My girlfriend had ordered a b-day cake from the hotel to be delivered to the room at a specific time and day to surprise me.  This request was confirmed multiple times and the hotel assured her that the cake would be delivered to the room at the time she request.  But, of course, the cake was in fact not delivered at the time she asked for nor anywhere close to the time she asked for.  We don't actually know when it was delivered because we had to leave to make a dinner reservation.  When we returned to the room much later that evening, the cake was sitting there in the room.  No apology or explanation was ever given as to why the cake wasn't delivered when requested.While there wasn't any one big incident that really made us dislike our stay at the Cosmopolitan, it was the numerous little things that, at the end of our stay, made us look back and wonder if maybe we should have stayed at a different hotel.  I truly expected more from this Hotel.  Do yourself a favor and stay at another hotel.
4	ZOMG.  This hotel is so swanky it makes me vomit diamonds.  The Chandelier was an awesome place to have after work drinks.
5	Love love love this hotel. It's my favorite place to gamble and drink. I also love the wicked spoon buffet. Even though I don't stay here when I visit Las Vegas, I always stop by to gamble and always win ;)
5	Great hotel, nice rooms, very impressive customer service. Big thumbs up all around.
2	This is one of those "I don't really get all the positive reviews" kinds of reviews. This hotel is pretty and shiny and newish, but little cheesy/eighties with the red and the black and the glittery bits. The entire property is basically one big nightclub with beds. I know you come across some degree of this in every Vegas property with a casino; but, this was to the nth degree of anything I have experienced in a long history of successful gambling/bing drinking/gourgingtrips to the city. We had called and requested a certain room type days in advance, then again called to confirm that morning of travel and were assured it would not be a problem. But, upon check-in, were advised the room was not available. The room we were placed in was fine, but situated directly above the indoor/outdoor nightclub. You don't really sleep that much in Vegas anyway, but at 14 floors above the lounge I really wouldn't expect the party to be penetrating my walls from 6am to 4am. Don't most people stay in bed past at least 9am in Viva anyway?The second night the hotel did move us, as requested, to the quieter side of the building, overlooking the Bellagio fountains. If I had some way to pipe the music up from the fountains to my room, I probably would have spent the whole weekend on the balcony. One very nice thing about the rooms was the access to a decent sized patio, which is hard to find anywhere in Las Vegas. Our second room was as attractive as the bellman that moved us into it. The rooms are contemporary, in a 'this was chic in 1985 is cool again white on white kind of way'. The rooms had two well defined areas, one for sleeping and one for lounging, as well as a nice sized bathroom with Bigelow amenities. I liked the fact that each room had lots of art and culture related books, although, one of the big picture books was sticky. Hotel+Vegas+Sticky Picture Book = Idontwannaknow. The bottom line for me is that I am not now, nor have I ever been a club girl. The Cosmopolitan is made for the club guys and girls of the world. And, with the $350 price tag on a holiday weekend, your average club guys and girls were packing themselves like sardines in to their double occupancy rooms so they could still afford their Red Bull & vodka cocktails. On several occasions we had to wait times to get up and down the elevators because they were so overly full. The civil engineer who approved that design should stick to single floor establishments. The hotel was absolutely overrun with hammered broads in cheap heels and cheaper dresses (I know guys - dream come true) and douchey dudes in stripey shirts. I walked outside one night to a waiting car, on our way out to a nice dinner, and stepped directly into gum, which essentially ruined my (not cheap) shoes. I could go on for days, but I think "gum spitting crowd" and a staff who doesn't care to clean it up pretty much sums up my experience here.
5	We stayed at this hotel for two separate two night stays.  We were on the 65th floor overlooking the Bellagio fountains.  I highly recommend this hotel.The decor and furnishing are modern and the amenities and casino are great!  We visited both the Boulevard and Bamboo pools and they are both super nice!
1	This place did guarantee an unrivaled experience as advertised.Check in was the worst I ve ever encountered in 40 plus years of travel.Supermarket style check in instead of a next in line set up.At 5 pm no rooms were ready. I asked if this was true for everyone else checking in and the counter person said yes ,the 3pm check in was only an estimate .but I could get an upgraded room for 100 more a night.Later I found out that some people upgraded for 75 .they said they would call when the room was ready ,they didn't t so I waited in line again to find out the room was ready.and was told what s the bid deal . You only waited an hour. Other people I spoke to waited for over 5 hours. Totally unacceptable.others had room keys that didn't t world and another friend was given a room with someone in it already.casino ventilation was horrible,casino was smokey.you could hear people in the hall way from your   room. Staff was not friendly at all.This place needs to get its act together
5	One of the best times in Vegas, loved my pent suite and the fact that my favorite club, Marquee was downstairs so I didn't have problems getting around. Alotta good times fit into one weekend, not bad. Will be back sin city.
4	My company held a three day event here, so I got to experience this place inside and out!Rooms- Amazing! You can see straight through the shower and bathtub from the bedroom with just a piece of glass in between the areas. The bathtub is on the left side, then your flat screen TV on a regular wall in the middle, then the shower on the right side. There are shades for the bath and shower on the bedroom side if you want privacy, but if you don't trust your roommates, I wouldn't recommend this hotel because anyone could pull up the shades on you. :) Otherwise, it's absolutely amazing!- All of the rooms look like suites. They all have a huge living room, wet bar, and it's like a condo.- The bathtub was HUGE! It was as big and deep as a hot tub with a couple of seats in it. Perfect for soaking and relaxing. The shower could fit half a dozen people in it too- huge! - Modern and classy- White feather down bed- so comfortable!- Large outdoor balcony with cushion wicker patio furniture to hang outCasino- Lots of machines and tables- was fun to play!Bars- The chandelier bar is literally inside of a huge chandelier than spans three stories in the hotel. It's gorgeous and a must-try!- There are a few bars on the first floor that are fun to hang out at as well!Food- This is by far the best hotel food I've ever had, and I travel a lot for work!Club- The Cosmo has the best and hottest nightclub in Vegas right now, the Marquee Club. It opens at 9:30pm, and you better be in line then or you'll wait forever to get (if you even get in!). I heard the entry fee is $50, but we got right in since our company spent so much money with the hotel. CeeLo Green was there the night I went. It has several dance rooms and spans outside by the amazing pool, cabana, and hot tubs areas. It's huge and a blast. There is a techno room and a hip hop room- you can't go wrong! People- The only thing I didn't like about this place was the people. This is definitely THE party hotel, so everyone is super skinny, wears little clothing, and you feel like you're filming for MTV Spring Break 24/7. It's a fast paced, nonstop, packed hotel, so it can get overwhelming after awhile. We had to wait 45 minutes to check-in on a Thursday morning, it was that packed! I couldn't walk through the casino without a drunk guy approaching me on multiple occasions. I stayed at the Palazzo the last night, and it was much classier and relaxed regarding the people.Would I go back? Yes! Everything about this hotel is super modern and beautiful. This is the place to be in Vegas, just ask around!
5	I usually stay at the Wynn or Encore but decided to try somewhere new - and am glad we did.  The Cosmo is pleasantly modern and definitely has a young more chic vibe than the Wynn which is showing its age.  The location is great, and there is walk way access over the strip to the Plane Hollywood and it's shops and restaurants.  Another walkway crosses over to Crystals through which Aria can be accessed as well.  We stayed in a wrap-around balcony room with great views of the Bellagio fountains and the strip.  The room was very spacious compared to what we get at the Encore for a similar price - we had a washer and dryer, kitchen, as well as a separate bedroom and 2 baths.  Self-parking was easy to use.  The was plenty of live music, and the casino is just the right size.  All the staff members we came in contact with were fantastic.  There are several pools to choose from.  We ate in two restaurants at the Cosmo (the Overlook cafe and Holsteins) - both were very good.  The fish tacos at Overlook and the mini-lobster tails in hotdog buns with sweet potato fries at Holsteins were awesome.
5	One of the most gorgeous hotels on the strip! Hip, pretty, and an opulent feel......ahhh it's Vegas. The staff was wonderfully helpful when we asked where the restaurant was that we had our reservation. We had dinner at Milos and then went downstairs to the Chandelier bar for cocktails. Loooove the decor in here. What a cool place to hang out!
5	I love the rooms, the location, even the gambling!  And I lost money!  It's a good thing that my friends get comps here cuz I wouldn't have been able to see a room otherwise.  They had a great view of the strip and almost a full kitchen!  Complete with dishwasher!  Who washes dishes in Vegas?!  I guess you have the option if you want, but I thought it was hilarious!  I would definitely consider staying here next time.  Hopefully I did enough gambling or lost enough money to get some comps!  Haha!
5	This is my new favorite hotel when I am headed to vegas. We stayed on the 51 floor, and wow what a view of the vegas strip, INREA. Big rooms and best of all they have a balcony that hold about 10 people. Room service never goes wrong in vegas so that went well too. But wow what an amazing hotel, and the crowd was great too. The rooms where amazing. This hotel was originally built as condo's but the converted into hotel rooms, and they look amazing. Clean rooms clean bathroom and like I said you could step outside your room and get some fresh air.
5	awesome hotel!
1	They have no respect for hotel guests. Full cover at marquee. The penthouse suites room had a broken air conditioner, burnt out lights, and dirty stained carpets. Save your money or use it at another luxury hotel!!
4	My family and I stayed here in August and I have to say, I really liked the hotel.There were a few glitches when we first got there, for example we booked a room with two queen sized beds and somehow we were going to be given a room with one king sized bed and a pull-out.  We weren't too thrilled, so we told the manager and they were happy to upgrade us to a suite with a view of the Bellagio fountains!  Not bad!  Not to mention, it had a balcony as well!  The bathroom alone was huge.  It had a large counter area and actually a SEPARATE shower room connected.  You open the glass door to the super huge shower, and there is also a Japanese soaking tub next to it with a window so you can overlook the strip while you enjoy a bath.  Not bad!There was a kitchenette area out in the "living room" area complete with a stove, fridge, dishwasher, and a mircrowave.  The beds were comfortable and the TV was great too.  Plenty of space for at least 4 people to move about in this room.The hotel itself is laid out a little strange and takes some getting used to.  Certain things are on certain sides of the hotel, but it's not too hard to figure out.  There are plenty of bars and restaurants (The Henry is really good for breakfast!) and there's also a nightclub inside too.  I like that this hotel is located next to some of the newer hotels (Aria, for example) as well as Crystal's.  I would stay here again if I was given the opportunity since it's a more modern hotel than some of the others.
5	I will never stay anywhere else in Las Vegas.  I have been vacationing in Las Vegas for over 25 years. Back in the day I stayed at the Sands.   More recently the Venetian and Four Seasons.  My experience at The Cosmopolitan far exceeded my expectations.   From check in with Mark who came out from behind his desk to bring us forward, engaged us in personal and proffessional conversation, offering us upgrades and still getting us swiftly through the process.  To every food and beverage stop we made.  Chris at The Henry where we enjoyed two excellant breakfasts.  Jayme at the Vesper bar.  Outstanding.  Had a great lunch by the pool as well as an excellant dinner at China Poblano.  We even had a great experience at the Secret Pizza.  And we didn't even check out the finer dining choices.The rooms.  Beautiful!  Huge!!  Balconies!!!  A real rarity in Las Vegas.  Well appointed and spotless.  we had a room two away from the elevator which I thought might be a noise issue.  I was aware the The Cosmopolitan has a reputation for having a younger crowd.  Never heard a sound from the hallway.  Again, myself and my husband, together and separately, travel to Vegas every year.  We will be staying at The Cosmopolitan from now on.
5	Great casino, great nightclub, great bars, great people, beautiful people. !! love this casino/hotel!!
4	Let's be clear, I am here for a work conference and the company picked the hotel and pain for the room.  This is a pretty nice hotel.  The bedding is fantastic.  I have been sleeping really well here.  The bathrobe is excellent, I want to bring it home but alas they charge you $125 for it.  So it shall remain in Vegas.The casino itself is much less smoky than most of the others on the strip and this girl MUCH appreciates it.  Right across the street from the Miracle Mile, it is about as convenient as it gets.  If you like burgers, make a stop at Holsteins which is also in the hotel - I am reviewing this one separately.  For pizza lovers, check out Secret Pizza.  It has no sign but staff can direct you to it if you don't find it on your own.  One important tip -- if you hear a mysterious intermittent beeping in your room, it is likely the secondary phone that is cordless and sits on a charger.  Mine would not sit stable in the cradle and so never charged.  Took me a while to figure out what it was and it drove me crazy for a couple hours.  I dealt with it by taking it apart and removing the battery.  My next step was going to be to smash it to pieces.  Also, my room did not have a coffee/tea station and I have to say I really missed this feature.  Bring your Starbucks Via and a mug if you find this lack of caffeine unacceptable.  Otherwise a coffee via room service is $6.The staff was really helpful and friendly and I am really torn between giving it a 3 stars vs 4.
4	Vegas baby! Our first visit to the strip and we were going in style with a 4 day stay at the newest hotel (attached to the Marquee, the hottest club in town based on my research and word of mouth). Upon arrival my wife and I were amazed by the inside of the hotel lobby, pillars of screens that entertained with great visuals as we waited...and waited...and waited. Granted it was labour day weekend, but we were in line for over 30 minutes. There was a girl passing out bottled water to ease the situation but I felt their check-in process was extremely slow (the visuals become less entertaining when you're there long enough to see 2 or 3 cycles of the same thing). Finally at our turn to check in we were advised that the room was not ready but "we can upgrade you to a balcony room for only an extra $100", I found this odd as we booked through a third party website and upon my many phone calls to the hotel for planning they told me they could not perform any kind of changes to the booking (I guess that rule doesn't apply if you pay extra).  We declined the offer but our clerk was very persistant and actually referred to our current choice as "not a very nice room" and started bargaining "ok 80 dollars per night, alright 40 dollars is the best I can do". The situation felt really odd  and we insisted to stay with our original choice, after that he wasn't very helpful at all and seemed to rush us out (which made sense as he left the desk and probably went on his break). Immediately we went to guest relations, waited another 10 minutes for a manager and explained the poor service. The manager was great, he apologized, asked the employees name, listened to every word we had to say and then to solve the issue offered us the upgraded room for free. The room was very nice, had an ok view and we were happy that we could finally settle in and enjoy our vacation. That night we discovered the TV by the bed and phone didn't work and the tub had an issue with the drain. Also, using the elevator required waiting up to 15 to 20 minutes so we once tried the stairwell...15 floors down with my wife in heels, this was our only choice other than wait the night away for the elevator or stay in our room for the night. Oh, I forgot to mention that the stairwell was filthy with GARBAGE! We actually ran into a staff member with whom we tried to explain the issue to but they just murmured "oh dear" and walked off. A great moment, I think I actually enjoyed sitting on the plane to Vegas for 2 hours more so.That night around 10pm, I called the front desk and asked to change rooms but the manager on site said she couldn't do anything until the next morning, she was not even able to request someone to call me when possible which I felt was ridiculous. Eventually she had found a loop hole in their policy and she was able to have someone call me in "regards to a rebooking" the next morning. So, finally the next day after receiving a phone call and waiting another 30 minutes, two managers arrived, upgraded us to a room with probably the best view in the hotel  (over looking the Bellagio Fountains that we could watch all day). I quickly checked every electronic device, light fixture and toilet before the managers left as I didn't want to play this game any longer. Everything worked, I was very please but shouldn't everything work in all the rooms anyway?  I got to thinking that the first "free" upgrade to smooth over the front desk clerk issue earlier was to the room with the most problems which explained why it was ready for us so quickly, we got the lemon that no one else would take. They made sure we were happy before leaving by gifting us a $100 gift card that could be used in the hotel and insuring we could get into the Marquee Club as VIP with no waiting in line. Nice gestures but the issues we had pretty much messed up two days of our 4 day visit.The hotel itself is very nice, attracts a younger crowd (too many things to see that will get us married folk in trouble) and has a great location. I have a review up for the buffet "The Wicked Spoon" if you are interested (under my profile). I'm hoping all of the trouble was just due to the place being over booked but the service was really up and down for the most part. I would come back again but preferably during the slower season. TIPs:-Sign up for the Identity membership and you will get a $5 credit per member to use on the slots (my wife won 40 bucks!)-Buy the 24 hour transit pass for $7 it is worth it and there is a stop just outside the hotel where you can get the passes.-TicketsTonight Stands don't always give the best deal, do your research if you want to save
5	I like cosmopolitan, their customer service is excellent, from check in desk to room service to dine in at the restaurant , it was a great experience, cosmopolitan hotel definitely my top choice when I go to Vegas
4	As is the way in Vegas, a new hot spot pops up and the old ones die off.Well this is currently the "IT" place to be.  The Marques night/day club offers 24 hour partying and dancing.  But hey, I come to Vegas for the gaming.My name is Nancy and I'm a Gambler.  No I don't have a problem.The casino is huge, in true Vegas fashion.  It seems geared at drawing in the 20 something party girls, which naturally draw in men of all ages.  I was impressed at how beautifully the place was decorated.  It reminded me of Mad Men, but not so dated.  They have a giant shoe on the floor, where you will find girls in little outfits taking pictures.  One day, I'm going to have to fortune of watching one of those inebriated girls fall out of the shoe, and I will laugh.  (No, I'm not a hater, I just enjoy a good laugh, and this is one waiting to happen.)I've never seen their rooms, as I can't afford the prices, or I'm just too cheap when there are plenty of great places to stay nearby at great rates.  Seeing as how I'm not the type that needs to be with the "IT" group, it's all good.If only they had a poker room, but I'm not holding my breath.  They have a business model and it is working.  They have plenty of table games, and well, as I said, I'm good with table games too.  Besides, when it's poker I want, I can run next door to the Aria.
5	I lived in Vegas for a year and this was my favorite hotel on the strip bar none.It is absolutely beautiful and dramatic inside. If you love pink, sparkly over-the-top opulence this is your place.I love art, fashion, and design and this is definitely a place for people who love those things!The chandelier bar is like a dream (my profile pic is in that bar!!), Marquee is a really fun club as clubs go, make sure you visit secret pizza at your night's end.The rooms are fantastic - balconies that have sweeping views of the strip. Either side of the hotel you stay on has a great view.During one stay I sat on the love seat of our balcony and watched the sun rise over the strip.I'm sitting in my office in New Orleans getting goose bumps thinking about it! Makes me miss living there. spend the extra $ and stay at Cosmo.
4	Stayed at the Cosmo few months back with some friends, the rooms were great, staff was great. I have been to Vegas a hand full of times and liked this casino better than most. I felt like it was definantly one of the more happening places. I would definantly stay there again if in Vegas.
5	I fell in love... and I fell hard with the Cosmopolitan! My girlfriend and I decided to do a last minute 24 hour Vegas trip and wanted something sexy and girlie.. We got exactly what we wanted. We asked for an upgrade and we got one! We got upgraded to the Terrance Suite over looking the fountain!     King-size bed    910 sq. ft., 1 bedroom    160 sq. ft. terrace with panoramic views    2 bathrooms with master bubbler tub    Telescoping doors separate living area from bedroom area    Modern kitchenette with microwave and refrigeratorThe room was F'en amazing.. from the entry to the kitchen to the bedroom to the terrace back to the bathroom. The bed was super comfy my body just melted right into it. The decor was super fab and inviting. The view from the terrace over looked the water show so you can only imagine what it was like when night fall set in and the waters came out to play..  My GF and I sat outside the terrace for one of the water shows, sipping our wine, looking at each other and then at the view and just laughed it up.  Oh I almost forgot!! They have a washer/dryer in the suite! Dirty the sheets.. lol you can wash it! ;) It is pricey to stay here and the Cosmo does not have a "late check-out" policy so make sure you check out on time.. otherwise be ready to pay a hefty price! Our trip was an adventure with twists and turns, a girl version of the Hang Over. Can't wait to go back!
5	I've stayed at the four seasons, and a lot of other quality hotels and this hotel takes the cake. Absolutely the best in terms of space, comfort and luxury. I feel like a king every time I stay here and I stay every chance I get. I'm a degenerate gambler and if I could, would spend my entire time in Vegas gambling in some way or another, but when I stay here, I always enjoy just lounging around. The rooms are phenomenal. My only complaint is that the remotes for the tv tend to be a  bit wonky and sometimes just plain difficult in doing what you want them to do. The casino itself is only a 3-4 star casino though. It's a great place to hang out late night and watch the prostitutes pick up on the businessmen. Gambling's okay. Most of the games are between a $15-$25 minimum. The casino bar (and by that I mean the drinks you get while your gambling) has skimped back a bit and although they serve fat tire which is great, how do you not offer new castle?! The Chandelier bar between on the 2 1/2 or 3 1/2 story is where it's at if you want to try some cocktails with some great chicanery. Ask for the Verbena, or the berries that make you blow smoke.
1	Its gorgeous inside the Cosmopolitan. The rooms are beautiful. I'd really LOVE to love this place. I'd love to fit in.....but I'm a local. I'm not in Vegas, wearing sky high, "do me" heels. I'm not trying to get laid.I'm not a frat boy on spring break. I'm not a 40-something, wearing entirely too many sequins, trying to pass for a 28 year old. I'M A LO-CAL!!!!!! I'm in sweatpants and house shoes...I want to find the buffet and settle down at my favorite slot. My tolerance for loud, obnoxious tourists is ridiculously low. This place is the worst of the worst for that! You have been warned.
5	My fav hotel, staying here for the 3rd time soon! I would recommend staying at the top floor facing the bellagio fountains
3	The good, the bad, and the ugly!The Good:* Beautiful clean rooms. The bed was comfortable and everything relatively clean in the room. The property in general was well laid out and well designed.* The crowd was 20s/30s, generally friendly and the waitresses were attentive to providing drinks while we were gambling.* The Wicked Spoon buffet was excellent. Good weekday value too. Thought it far better than the buffet at the Wynn.* The Marque Nightclub is also excellent. A must visit on the weekend. Was impressed with the staff and very attractive crowd. The Bad:* Light control, phone, and TV failed during our stay requiring a call to the front desk to fix. Some sort of glitch that was taken care of while we were out of the room.* Prices were very high in the restaurants. Not easily shell shocked by prices living in the California Wine Country, was surprised here. Use to $100 per person meals, easy to double that in their restaurants.* Lower than expected gambling odds, at least when it came to $1 video poker. Expected to see at least one 10/7 DDB machine, none of the ones checked were, most 8/5 or about. The gambler to people in the casino ratio seemed to be very small.  The Ugly:* The front desk on check in and check out. On check in, did nothing to sell the property when asked about any promotions, suggestions during our stay? After the fact, descovered they had good food at the restaurants, a great night club, and an excellent players club promotion (loss a hundred, and you get it back in match play). She did not volunteer anything to make us feel welcome as a guest, just the opposite actually. On checkout, same thing, asked to have a noon checkout instead of 11:00am due to when we left for the airport. Not a big deal, but would have been nice. Denied the request and was thinking, really, you cannot spare an hour? Checked our bags into the deskhop before we ate in one of their restaurants for lunch, but would have rather had them in the room. The personal touch and attention to detail was lacking overall, and was turned off by the overall attitude.
1	My girl friend and I walked into Cosmo dressed very nice and were looking to have some breakfast.  We were IMMEDIATELY confronted by security and started getting  questioned on where we were going and if we were hotel guests.  Two other security guards came over close to us while he was asking.  My friend asked where the restroom was so he walked us to it.  I didn't feel like this was a nice gesture, it seemed like he was making sure we weren't in there "working" and was about to escort us off the premises.We came out of the bathroom and the guards were waiting for us.  I just gave them a look like "don't mess with me!" and we walked off in search of breakfast.  It was obvious that they were contacting other guards via radio.We walked around for a few minutes lost but just got so many looks from security and were being followed so we gave up and decided to leave.  We were completely over it.Just because two girls are dressed nice early in the morning doesn't mean they're prostitutes!  I was very offended and will not be returning.
3	I really only come here for work reasons. There was a conference being held here so I was forced to go, because I generally stay away from this hotel. I have seen a couple of the rooms and, yes, they're divine, but I couldn't sleep under the same roof where some of the worst rudeness in Vegas happens. The few times I've been here have just been unpleasant. I once lost my keys  and they were turned in. The security manager condescendingly asked me three times to describe them. First, after the initial description things weren't going to change much. I mean, I can be pretty creative when helping people understand what I'm saying, but keys just don't give me much to work with. Second, please don't be passive aggressive. I'm a potential money loser for you. You have no idea how many quarters I have in my purse so simmer down there, Mall Security. I mean, Cosmo security. The second form of rudeness happened at one of the bars. I won't tell you which one because I'm pretty sure the treatment is the same anywhere. Let's just say I haven't seen anything to disprove that. I was at a bar and the bartender literally looked right through me. How can you see through an American Express card with no limit? I would have thought it might have blinded him. Oh, wait, that could have been the problem. But, not really, because someone else walked up behind me and they ran to him like I was only there to bus the bar or something. Maybe, just maybe, the Cosmo has so much money poured into it every day that someone ordering a few top shelf drinks isn't going to add to that. Well, okay, you win that one. I promise to never spend my money in your bars/casino again. I just can't enjoy a place that doesn't show they love me. I need love, Cosmo, seriously. Show it to me.
5	This has got to be by far my favorite hotel on the strip.Went to Vegas this past weekend, and i was definitely impressed.The decor, the food, the atmosphere, the people, the clubs and nightlife, just everything was amazing.I really really REALLY wished i stayed here during my trip, but unfortunately it was pretty pricey for some odd reason for off season.The wicked spoon buffet is pretty much anyone's heaven of unlimited amazingly delicious variety of just about anything you could possibly eat. The decoration is very hip and trendy. The casino isn't so bad as well, even though I don't gamble too much.Love this place, next time, I'm definitely staying here!
5	Shit, there's a lot of reviews for the Cosmo. I better make mine stand out.The Cosmo is currently the newest hotel on the strip, and it shows. Everything about this place is clean, sparkly, and awesome. The check in lobby is an experience in itself. The elevators are fast and efficient, and the casino is large and in charge. There's a sweet bar in the middle called the Chandalier, I think. It is three stories and boasts good bartenders that know their drinks. The boo and I had a terrace studio room, and it was well worth the high rate. It came with a super modern shower and soaking tub, and the best bed I've ever had in a hotel, hands down. Flat screen TV was awesome, and WiFi was good, even though you have to pay. Sometimes the front desk will give you a pass for the Marquee Nightclub. Use it and skip the douchebag line. The club itself gets its own review. There are plenty of stupid assholes here, but that's the whole strip. Also saw Joey Fatone at the Bond Bar, he was surrounded by his all male entourage, which tells you something about his sexual preference. Also, check out the hidden pizza joint, but make sure to find it before your drunken slosh binge. Anyways, five stars for good service, good bartenders, amazing rooms, lots of food choices, and for being the newest and nicest hotel on the strip. Hopefully it doesn't  turn to a steaming pile of hobo shit in 20 years. To your health!
5	If you know my tragic story of loss and heartbreak at the Cosmopolitan, then you'll appreciate even more the fact that I'm giving this place five stars.During a prior stay at this hotel, I had some type of mental break and ruined a relationship that I had thought was strong as steel.  I didn't blame the Cosmopolitan for my own stubbornness, but whenever I thought of this place, old memories were revived and it was too painful to consider.Flash forward nine months...the wounds on my heart still open.   I have to attend a conference that is being held at, you guessed it, the Cosmopolitan.  With much trepidation, I took a cab from the airport and entered the lobby I'd last left in tears.  Holding my head up high, much like Reba McEntire in the video for "Fancy", I checked in and went to my beautiful room in the West Tower.  Opening the door, I was blown away because this room was much nicer than the one I stayed at in the East Tower and it had a different layout so I wasn't reminded of my prior stay.The lyrical dance of the Bellagio Fountains right outside my window was a balm to my soul...a step in the process of healing.The service everywhere I went was outstanding.  It was so subtle, yet thorough, it was as if every person I came in contact with knew my secret pain and wished to ease it, if even in the slightest way.  Each successive day, I felt stronger and my heart was lighter than it had been in months.  I got to the point that I felt I didn't need to leave the hotel.  With fantastic bars and restaurants, it had everything I needed to have a great time.  By the end of my stay, I felt like Eloise at the Plaza (only a middle aged dude with a receding hairline and great legs instead of a little girl) and I never wanted to leave.But as happens, the conference ended and I had to return to New York.  The big difference was that this time, I left with a smile on my face and a spring in my step.Bless you, Cosmopolitan, for showing me that rebirth is possible.  Will I be able to love again.  Ah, who knows?  But thank you for helping me reach a place where I could even conceive asking that question.
5	We had an amazing experience at this hotel! They actually screwed our room up but made it right by giving us a very generous upgrade, thanks to Connie!
3	Positive: Gorgeous lobby and rooms, View of the Bellagio fountain;Sunday brunch at the Wicked spoon ($19 for big to go box of INCREDIBLE food including duck confit, melt in your mouth brisket and artisan micro deserts)LocationNegative:No coffee maker in room. $20 pot of coffee delivered almost an hour after ordered.No free WiFi (come on! You're going to squeeze me for every nickel after we paid top room price?!)No easy way to get water. They'll deliver you a small pitcher, but charge $5 delivery.Obnoxious Jersey shore style music in casino, in bars, by the poolFirst come first served limited free pool seats, $500-$1500 "beds" and "cabanas" available.In Marquee club, after you stand in line for 45 minutes and pay $20 cover, you may NOT lean against the wall and listen to DJ. Leaning is not allowed, bouncers will come and harass you. Sitting on a couch costs $500. Hit and miss on politeness and helpfulness of staff.This place thinks they are SO HOT, they can tick you off and not care because people line up at their door. And it's true: they are the latest "it" thing. Soup nazi of the strip. They lost me, but they can afford to lose a few.
5	If I could give this hotel 10 stars, i certainly would. From the moment we walked in to check in, i was in love!!!  Check in was not bad what so ever, lines moved rather quickly.  The staff all helpful and amazing!.  Once we checked in to the 1 bedroom terrace suite on the 51st floor,  we headed up.  We were so excited to see the view from up there..since i've read RAVE reviews.  Well we were basically saying "wow!!"  the first 10 minutes after walking in the room.  Rooms impeccably clean, decor in the room...WOW!!!  Staff so amazing and very helpful & willing to go out of their way to send you in the right direction.  We were looking for the bell desk and asked a security to point us in the right direction.  Well not only did he show us the way, he walked us right up to the counter and waited until someone was able to help us.  I will definitely be coming back, and referring all my friends and family to come here.  Best hotel on the strip!
5	The COSMO is gorgeous, modern, full of great restaurants, bars, and clubs. Check in and service is very very inviting, friendly, and definitely 5 star. We brought a crew of 10 very high-class (meaning high-maintenance) friends and business associates here for New Years last year. The place felt brand new, the rooms were sexy, complete with a japanese soaking tub, and we watched fireworks and the Bellagio fountains from our balcony. PERFECT view. Beautiful place, I'd recommend anyone, from newbies visiting Vegas for the first time to Vegas lovers and even locals, stay here, dine here, gamble, party, etc... The Cosmo has the entire package.
5	GO GO GO GOWhat the Vegas experience should be like! New, Glamorously Hip and Awesome Service.3 day conference, went smooth rooms were awesome.Pool party rocked!Corporate catering and beverages better than many high-end strip offerings.
3	Abyssmal check in process; despite having secured the reservation 5 months prior, the room "wasn't ready" at 8:30 PM, so I was forced to change for our fancy schmancy dinner in the casino bathroom (fitness center, shockingly, "not available right now") after getting a hefty dose of attitude from the desk clerk.  Oh and walking with a backpack full of valuables into a Michelin-rated restaurant because you have no place to lock them up?  Classy.  This was not a me- or night-specific problem; we heard the same thing up and down the line (including a couple who was told the view room they had secured was no longer available, tough cookies for them), and it happened to our friend on this trip AND his last trip.Fan of: the pools, the terraces, the shower, the sitting area in the one-bedroom suite, the techie details of the room, the abundance of mid-range (for Vegas) dining in a certain area, and the Chandelier bar for ambiance and killer cocktails.Not a fan of: check-in kerfuffles (obv), the black walls with silver accents (claustrophobic and oppressive in trying to be luxe), the occasional attitude from otherwise helpful staff, and hearing Pitbull 6 times and Black Eyed Peas 3 times in 20 minutes from the same bar.Would I stay here again?  Maybe.  And not if I have dinner reservations or actually want to hit the Strip when I get there.  But it tends to be one of the more affordable of the high-end modern hotels, so...
3	Aesthetically the cosmo is gorgeous in the casino area. If you are staying as a hotel guest, you may not get the top notch service you would expect from a 5 star property. The lights and tv didn't work and after calling the front desk 3x we finally got them to send someone up to fix it. Perks staying here is you get into Marquee quicker. The wicked spoon was amazing, go early to avoid a line that looks like your waiting for a club.
4	Went to the Chandalier bar it was really nice but way to crowded.
4	Recommend. Great food choices, rooms are great & stylishly decorated, day club at the pool is awesome.
4	Great hotel, mostly friendly staff (some of the bartenders can be kind of douchy), and amazing rooms. I had a terrace room with a view of the strip. I love te balcony (hopefully people can be respectful and not ruin the balconies for the rest of us by being stupid.) Everything is very pricey at the hotel but I personally think it's worth it. If it seems to expensive for you, I would suggest spending just one here and go somewhere later. My new hotel in Vegas!
1	My husband and I were so disappointed in our recent stay at this hotel.We checked in on 11/5/12 into a "Wrap a-round terrrace suite on the 65th floor. Initially we were happily surprised with the suite itself, as it is tastefully decorated and has great amenities such as a full kitchen and even a washer and dryer.Unfortunately the other reviews we read on "Trip Advisor" were right on point when they talked about lack of service and how beat up the rooms/furniture look for being such a new hotel.Examples:1. had to call 3x and wait an hour for a crib to be delivered- even though I called 3x the week prior to our stay to ensure the crib was ready upon check in2. called 2x for dishwasher detergent, was told it was out of stock...then delivered 10min later- apparently the staff who decided to tell us it was out of stock didn't communicate it to the person who kindly delivered it to our room3. We had a FULL kitchen but not a dish in sight...it is a $50 fee/day to use dishes, plus someone has to drop them off and inventory them, then pick them up and inventory them (about 2hr process)- What's the point of a kitchen??4. Carpets were DISGUSTING!!!!!!!!! I had to ask for them to be vacuumed on the 2nd day, apparently this isn't part of regular housekeeping?!? (I attached pictures)5. The wrap around terrace that was the selling point of the room was not cleaned prior to our arrival, there were trash (pizza boxes, cigarettes, beer bottles) left over from the previous occupantsI am deeply disappointed in the managements lack of attention to detail, hopefully this can be resolved soon.
4	Beautiful hotel right on the strip, but I think I've been spoiled with the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino.  All of the super swanky hotels just don't appeal to me as much and I feel out of place.  I've not stayed, but from the outside it looks gorgeous.
2	Gorgeous hotel & amazing view of the strip but upon arrival, the wooden blind shutters, tables, books, nightstand radio & lighting fixtures all had dust built up on it.  The ice bucket had a used plastic lining still inside with water in it.  We waited until the next day to see if housekeeping would correctly clean the room and of course, they did not. Instead, they were chatting it up in my room and laughing instead of cleaning (I happened to walk in while housekeeping was there).  I finally complained to the front desk about the cleanliness and they cleaned a little but it was still not up to par compared to the other hotels that I've stayed at. In addition, the television stopped working and when we called to have it fixed, no one ever showed up. We waited an hour before going out that evening.  Other noticeable things: scuff marks on the bathroom door; chipped wood on the edge of the desk; never replaced the glasses we used; stains on the carpet; and sink was clogged.  Disappointed with the cleanliness.  Does the hotel even care that they charge so much money for unclean rooms?
4	This hotel is sooooo beautiful!!!!! One of the best looking hotels in Vegas. I've never actually stayed here but on our last trip to Vegas we came here a lot. We came here to eat Holstein and Wicked Spoon both really good places to eat. This hotel also had some really cute shops for clothing. The Chandelier bar looks so pretty. We hung out at the chandelier bar a few times. The drinks are a little pricey but the environment makes it worth it. We went to the club Marquee in this hotel. Marquee is absolutely beautiful. Overall this hotel is pretty awesome. Maybe if I get a fat raise I'll be able to stay here but for now I will be visiting.  ;)
4	Beautiful, beautiful hotel!  It's very ME.  I love sparkly and this hotel is everything sparkly.  Mirrors and crystals everywhere.  Love Restaurant row.  Love the Chandelier bar.  Love the Retro design throughout.  The only thing I wasn't crazy about was the shopping area.  The look was cool, but none of the shops were places I would buy anything from.  I don't know what the rooms look like, but the look of the hotel, I'm in LOVE!
1	doing another review...
4	One of the newer and nicer hotels in Las Vegas that goes up against the Wynn and the Venetian. The central location on the strip adds to its value as well as some of the major draws (restaurants, bars and clubs). If you can get a room on the west side tower that over looks the strip and the Bellagio water show, you are in for a treat - get upgraded to a wrap around suite will be even better. Since the Cosmo was supposed to be residencies, the larger suites have a full kitchen and even some have washer/dryer. The views can be spectacular if you are in the west tower. The variety of dining options in the hotel are very good - including STK steakhouse, Jaleo (spanish Tapas), Scarpetta (italian) and of course Secret Pizza (for those late night hunger pains). And of course you can grab a drink the massive Chandelier Bar where it is definitely a place to be seen. This is before you go into the Marquee Day or Night Club which always offers up a generous portion of eye candy.So in all, the Cosmopolitan is a hip and trendy hotel that you will definitely want to stay at on your next trip to Las Vegas.
5	One word: SERVICE!!!!! This hotel has got it goin on! Not only are the rooms beautiful and the hotel super clean with a fabulous atmosphere ... The staff ... Everyone from the bell guys to the dealers to the bartenders .... Are absolutely world class in the service industry. They're not just helpful. They go out of their way. If you ask where a restaurant is ... They don't just point and give directions ... They walk you there! It's above and beyond and it absolutely makes a difference. Food an drinks have also been awesome in every restaurant we've tried. Go Cosmo! Keep up the awesome work and I certainly won't be staying anywhere else in Vegas!
2	It has a very impressive exterior at night with the dark color and blue lighting; it captured our attention to visit and see what it was like.We went in to see if there was a nightclub or bar on the uppermost level. We were told the bar is on the 4th floor. It's really too bad that a striking building like that has no rooftop view or bar.  Security was evident, which is good.We also don't prefer that area of the strip; not much to see there.Much preferred Palazzo, Venetian, Bellagio or Caesar's Palace.
1	My stay was enjoyable but I was charged $200 for using the mini bar even though I did not use one item.  They told me after I noticed the charge on my credit card statement that I can get charged for moving a beverage or storing my own stuff in the fridge. I have left messages with Accounting dept. and they have not called back.  I have not been able to resolve this.  This is a scam and most likely criminal.
5	If you choose to stay at the Cosmo, be sure to stay in their Lanai Suites overlooking the Bellagio Water Fountains... Probably the best view of the strip and trust me I've been in rooms at Caesars Palace Wynn and Palazzo. This hotel is one of the newest on the strip and it is easy to get in and out of. They have a decent sized casino, an indoor outdoor pool/club(Marquee) and tons of eateries. Even if you never stay here at least give them a visit you'll leave full from all the eye candy... Seriously...
5	This hotel is fabulous, great crowd, hot rooms, and not all the typical Vegas Riff Raff.You will pay for everything, internet coffee etc, but keep an eye out for specials. We got a $150 resort credit for booking a 3rd night.
4	Without giving too much away, I stayed at the wraparound terrace suite (second best room according to their website.) I had a pleasant experience, but with any hotel I don't think I can ever give a perfect 5 without getting the best possible experience. Sorry, my standards are high, especially when people pay an arm and a leg to stay at this place. Having said that, let me continue:Valet parking went smooth. Check-in took a little long. After that, we grabbed our room keys put them in the elevator card thing and were taken up to our floor. We ran down that hallway in anticipation...put the key in the door lock...and were in AWE.Okay, I'll spare you the details of the room. ;) Just know we had an amazing view, three sliding doors to the terrace, a kitchen, an amazingly comfortable bed, shower, etc. Anyways, there were some technical difficulties with the room right upon our arrival and they apologized. One of the phones wasn't working, our TV went berserk, and some lights were acting cray. But seriously we had no light in our bathroom for about an hour. That's unacceptable. And they didn't go off once, but TWICE. WTF? I need to take a crap or shower and it's pitch black! They apologized, but that was it. Okay, thanks Cosmopolitan staff! Other than that and everything being obscenely expensive in our room and the places at the hotel I enjoyed my stay. It's a beautiful hotel, filled with very beautiful people. I'm not kidding when I say I saw the best looking people at our hotel. Not to mention at Club Marquee, which I will review as well. In retrospect, would I stay there again? Sure. But I'd probably want to try a different hotel and just head on over to Club Marquee. I decided this after being told on Saturday night that club entrance was still charged. That's a fuggin joke, especially with the amount that was paid for our room. Oh well. OH! And before I forget. WIFI is NOT free, even if you are staying in one of the best suites at the hotel! LOL. We are in the year 2012 where smartphones, iPads, and laptops go with us everywhere. Ridiculous
3	I was here a few months ago when in Vegas for a convention, so I had to check out the hot new casino on the strip. I'll admit, it's an amazing looking casino/hotel! Yet, I got the overall feel of a "bro's on roids along with a touch of douche" vibe here. Definitely targeting a "special" type of clientele for sure.The Cosmopolitan is so over the top is exudes gaudiness. Walking around I could see they went all out with the wow-factor decor. Huge shiny chandeliers, chic and modern, plenty of restaurants, glitzy and glittering crystals everywhere, beautiful art, amazing staircases, hot bars and clubs, shimmering cocktail lounge, stylish upscale retail shops, you name it! The 'bling" factor is in full effect! It's sexy for sure but seems as it's trying a bit too hard. The younger crowd will eat it up, while the older more established Vegas gambler might be put off if not into this scene.I did sign up for their players club card but as of now have still not received one mailing or email offer. On top of that the machines were tight. Hardly any cocktail servers were coming around so I could not even get a drink. Played some blackjack and broke even. Typical strip casino gambling experience - LOL!Maybe I'll come back next visit and spend more time here to get more of a feel of the place. I'd like to stay a few nights and check out the rooms. As I travel to Vegas each year I have been to plenty of casinos, but the Cosmopolitan did not impress me all that much as I am not fooled by glitz and glitter.
4	A really cool hotel with a ton of radical artworks inside of it. You just kind of have to explore and get lost on the 2nd and 3rd floors to find it all. But once you do, you'll be pleasantly surprised.
5	Gorgeous hotel with a fabulous selection of restaurants. I haven't stayed here yet but I would b/c it's one of those fancy hotels I like.
2	I have stayed here twice on business.  The decor is gorgeous, great views, and i think every room has a balcony but unfortunately, that is the only thing going for them.  Their staff is slow and uninformed starting with check-in/front desk associates going up to upper management.  The rooms are never properly cleaned...coworker found a condom wrapper in his room.
5	Are you a young, single, 20-something professional with some extra cash to burn and who wants to be seen?  Then the Cosmopolitan is for you.  Really cool hotel design.  Really beautiful crowd.  Great gaming floor.  Great bars within.  If you're looking for a more relaxed vibe, stay away.  hehe.
4	The Cosmopolitan was the first hotel we stopped at during our trip to Vegas. I think I felt the most comfortable there because it looks like a high rise building and that's just the Manhattan part of me. I felt right at home with the tall ceilings and there was a Marquee up in there! We played a few games of video poker and was greeted by a very polite waitress offering us drinks. I think I was most impressed with the chandelier bar area and its beauty. I wold definitely love to stay here on my next trip to Vegas!
5	I love this hotel. Decor is beautiful and atmosphere is great. I will always be staying at this hotel when I return to Vegas. The beds were so comfortable, staff was always great and helpful. The bathroom was very neat with a see through shower. The pools were amazing! I would recomend this hotel to anyone traveling to Vegas for a great time!
5	The Cosmopolitan has quickly turned into one of my favorite Las Vegas hotels on the strip if you're looking for amazing views. We got a terrace studio with a fountain view for this past weekend, and I've got to say that it was amazing. The Cosmo is one of the few hotels that offer a balcony which allowed us to take into the Bellagio Fountains every night.  Positives: - Very chic- Center lof the Las Vegas Strip (Location!)- No daily resort fee of $25- Decent restaurants & Secret Pizza- Now offering a $150 resort comp for stays of 3 nights and longer- Clean and modern interior--Check out my other reviews at http://nextstopdc.blogspot.com/
1	I love the Cosmopolitan!  Every facet of the place exudes cool, class, elegance, and sexiness.  The guest rooms are among the nicest, most modern, and well appointed to be found in Vegas.  The restaurants are first-rate.  The Vesper, the Chandelier, and Bond are exemplary bars manned by friendly, extremely skilled bartenders crafting some truly inspired cocktails which are the best on the Strip.  There are plenty of blackjack and craps tables.  The dealers are personable and professional.  The cocktail waitresses taking care of gamblers are attractive and attentive.  The resort staff, from the reps at the registration desk to housekeeping, is professional and proficient.  The Cosmopolitan would be my first choice to stay and play every time I'm in Vegas.So, you may ask, why the 1-star review?  Carol W and I went to Vegas for Thanksgiving staying from Mon to Sat.  Our respective families joined us there and were also staying at the Cosmo.  Midweek stays tend to be less busy in Vegas and the week of Thanksgiving is an extremely low period for Vegas tourism.  As such, I called to speak to a casino host to see if I could get a better room rate than was being offered online on the Cosmo website or through Expedia/Travelocity/Orbitz/etc.  We do the overwhelming majority of our gambling as well as eating and drinking at the place we stay in Vegas.  The host I spoke with (who shall remain nameless) offered to COMP our stay...NOT simply offer us the casino rate for the room, which was $150/night Mon-Thurs and $245 for Fri night for our Terrace Studio room.  I fully understood that this comped room would require me to gamble at a certain level of play throughout our stay (although the host did not state what this amount would be).  While I had multiple offers from other Vegas properties for comped or deeply discounted rates (much deeper than the Cosmo's rate), we decided to stay at the Cosmopolitan.  However upon our arrival, we discovered our room was being charged at the casino rate NOT comped.  I attempted to contact the host that I'd spoken to on multiple occasions without success to get the discrepancy resolved.  At the end of our stay when it came time for us to checkout, I was told that the host would review my play and comp me accordingly, crediting it back to my credit card, if I'd earned it.  This was NOT the agreed upon arrangement that I thought we'd made prior to deciding to stay at the Cosmo.  Next time (not that the Cosmo will see a next time from me), I'll get it in writing.  The total amount for our stay ($966), while not inexpensive, certainly was manageable. I'm not a high roller; I never claimed to be one!  I never asked to be comped for our entire stay.  If you couldn't comp my entire stay since I hadn't established a history of play at your property, then you should've said so before I committed to staying at your property.  If you could only offer me the casino rate, then you should've said so before I committed to staying at your property.  I would've stayed somewhere else and saved myself the money I spent for a room that I spent very little time in!  However, most important to me, it's simply a matter of principle.  If you make me an offer to comp my stay, you should live up to it.  We both know that you would've made your money back from me and then some!  Your actions showed me how much you value my business.  I'm not holding my breath expecting to get any part of my stay credited back to me.  Cosmopolitan, even though I do love you, I do know how to quit you.  You'll never see me in one of your guest rooms or at one of your tables or machines again.  It's a matter of principle.
5	They found my watch and returned it.   And, since the place is otherwise killer, back to 5-stars they go.
5	Alright. I'll be honest. I am kind of obsessed with The Cosmopolitan. Like...where do I even begin with this fine resort/EUPHORIC POWERHOUSE?!--Lodging Accommodations:**I stayed here for the first time back in October for my birthday, and we were lucky enough to snag one of their Wraparound Terrace Suites. Our party of 5 stayed comfortably in this suite, but we also added on a surprisingly comfortable roll-away. The room was obviously super luxurious, with 2 full baths, and a reasonably-sized kitchen with bar, microwave, freezer/refrigerator (tooootaaalllyyyy stuffed our liquor in these), etc.  The living area had a dining table for 4, coupled with a perfect wraparound (trend much...?), sectional couch that can sleep 2 smaller-stature people. The separate bedroom has the most glorious bed you will ever experience...like, ever (shout-out, T-Swift). I know that "sleeping on a cloud" is the cliche expression, but this is precisely what it felt like. We fit 2-3 on this each night (er...morning, technically), and 4 actually wasn't even that bad. And, of course the 500 sq. ft. terrace is the perfect touch on this suite-- there are 3 separate sliding doors surrounding the suite that all open up to the terrace.TIP: We stayed in the West Tower with a gorgeous view of the Bellagio fountains. Some people may balk at the WT because it "isn't right on the Strip," but trust me, if you have a fountain view: GET THE WEST TOWER. Why, you may ask? Well, the east tower's north face has the Bellagio Bell-tower/clock right in front of it; and, starting early in the morning, all you will hear every hour is GOOONGGGG, GONNGGGGGGGGG by the bell slamming around. Kiss that minimal amount of uninterrupted sleep good-byeeee. Our other friend with us had a Terrace One-bedroom in the East Tower and voiced her dismay with the loud bell-tower. **My sister and I recently stayed in just their basic City Room over Thanksgiving break and were just as impressed. Very well-appointed rooms and MUCH nicer than Bellagio, which is typically more expensive! FINAL NOTE: For lodging, don't hesitate to pick the Cosmo, even their most basic room. Gorgeous rooms with awe-inspiring views, luxurious bathrooms (oxymoron...?--maybe, but you know what I mean), and the best.beds.ever.**SUPREME LOCATION. I don't know of anything else that can top The Cosmo for their prime location; with Bellagio right to the north and CityCenter south, you'll have all you need. Caesar's isn't too far, either (just north of Bellagio).--Gaming**If you aren't a gambler, then this will be pretty irrelevant for your desires to stay here. However, this is unequivocally my favorite casino on the strip...and for a plethora of reasons! 1) Machines to suit any player's palette. Several machines have competitive progressives. I last saw a $1 video poker machine at a progressive amount of $5,900 (normal payout=$4000 for a Royal Flush).2) The dealers and pit bosses I have encountered have been typically friendly and personable. One of the last pit bosses I had, Barry, was probably the most congenial pit boss I've encountered. 3) I really like their Identity Players' Card system. Mostly for the fact that for every $1 you spend in the resort (spa, lodging, food & bev), you get 5 points! That's like $5 for every $100 spent. I'll take my 5% resort credit all daaay e'ry day. 4) Very neat roulette tables-- whichever number hits, all outside bets (and the given number) legitimately LIGHT UP on the table. This is a very nice feature for the beginning roulette player. 5) Well-lit, well-ventilated casino floor. It's right behind Wynn/Encore for smoke ventilation. --Bars & Restaurants**I either have current reviews for some places in the Cosmo (Book & Stage being one of them: http://www.yelp.com/biz/book-and-stage-las-vegas#hrid:uoTNNE0o67_BUiBRyUgNdw) or plan to write additional reviews (we have enjoyed D.O.C.G Enoteca and Scarpetta). The third floor has various fab dining options, and don't forget about the Secret Pizza for that late-night, post-Marquee, post-booze food! Speaking of Marquee...--Nightclub Scene: MARQUEE**Marquee Nightclub is going to be my next review, complete with tips (especially for us guys-- nightclubs love to nickel & dime us!) and handy-dandy info. For a true nightclub experience, Marquee will have you covered. Stand-by for that review!UPDATE: Here it is: http://www.yelp.com/biz/marquee-nightclub-and-dayclub-las-vegas#hrid:D1rnDFtLao6aJts2xba5qQOVERALL: I love the rooms. I love the gaming, restaurant, and bar options. I love Marquee Nightclub. All in all, the Cosmo is THE place in Vegas right now and will continue to hold this status for a while with its hip and unique ambiance.
2	I have to give it all stars simply on service alone. Everyone at this resort in Las Vegas was so nice and accommodating. We stayed for 3 nights Nov. 18-21, 2012 in a Terrace Studio with a view of the Bellagio Fountain. Fantastic!!!! I usually try to stay in a different hotel with each visit for variety but I've found my permanent home in Vegas at the Cosmopolitan. No need to go anywhere else. Make sure you visit the Vesper Lounge near the Lobby and get yourself a Vesper! Jamie behind the bar was great! The dinner at Scarpetta's was outstanding! I'm already thinking of when I can go again! And the cherry on top? They don't charge a daily resort fee! - Hold that thought - I just found out that the Cosmopolitan will be charging a $25 daily resort fee starting Jan. 1, 2013. I'm so disappointed! I've dropped my stars based on this.
4	A fansy hotel!  I have always enjoyed coming here for a drink or a night of dancing!  now I can come here for a little ice skating!!!  We recently had an event here and ice skating was the thing to do!  I had such a great time!!!  My favorite bar here is the Chandelier bar......Hard to find a place to sit, but once you do, its a good time.
3	Though oozing in glitz and glamour, the Cosmopolitan is also replete with hidden surcharges.  With off-season specials and AAA coupons, you can get a decent rate for an incomparably luxurious room.  However, you'll get dragged over the coals paying for amenities we take for granted at lower starred hotels.  Firstly, no in-room coffee.  While room service is happy to bring you up a pot for $12, they also are happy to (unbeknownst to you) add a service charge and gratuity.  Grand total - $20 per pot.  The wireless internet service is $15/day.  Access to the gym is $20/day.  While a must-see casino on your Vegas vacation, I recommend you stop by, have a drink, enjoy a meal, but don't, I repeat do no, stay the night unless you like getting wallet raped.
5	What's not to love about this hotel?!?  The rooms are gorgeous.  The bed is super comfy and the staff is great.  The restaurant selection is awesome although everytime we come here (which is every year for my husbands birthday) we only eat at three places, Estatorio Milos (lunch), Jaleo (dinner) and The Henry (breakfast).  This place definitely deserves 5 stars.  One catch, it's pretty pricey but hey it's fantasy land right?  Why not pretend to be a trust fund baby for a weekend?BTW, I have brought my 4 month old son and 2 small dogs here.  They were both accommodated, no worries :)  and they were very comfortable.
4	The most classy and modern casino on the strip, bar none. The Bond Bar is worth the price of admission alone, but thankfully there's no cover charge. No expense was spared in the building of this resort, and it shows throughout. We ended up staying at another hotel, but the restaurants, casino area and lounges are all top-notch when it comes to presentation and staffing.I did have to knock it down one star for slow service in one of the bars, but that wasn't the girl's fault, as the place was short-handed on a Friday night. Other than that, the Cosmo is certainly one of the must-see places if you're in Vegas over a weekend.
5	This resort is worthy of a 6 star, but extra clicks next to the 5th star didn't produce and extra star....This place fires on every cylinder possible.  Everything, and I mean everything, about this place is impressive - doesn't matter what entrance you walk in, what person you talk to, what restaraunt you eat at... it's all excellent.Upon entering, if you've been to Belagio, Wynn, Encore, Caesars... what I would consider the top notch casinos on the strip... you aren't greeted with any fancy fountains, erupting volcanos, circus acts, you are just greeted with elegance.  Elegance dashed with ultra contemporary, and at every turn, excellence in artistic work, from sculptures to paintings, and even the design elements are artistic in nature.  The lobby pillars are huge, huge tv's where the pillars rotate themes, from sultry dancing, to libraries, etc.  It's really stunning.The service... impeccible.  anytime I talked to someone about anything I needed or just for conversation they were above friendly and helpful.The room, wow.  Stunning.  These rooms were designed as lofts, and it shows, you really feel at home walking into the place, and the fact that your clock/radio has everything from the weather and complete control over the lighting in the room is fantastic.  The layout is fantastic with multiple large screen TVs and the living room TV swivels around, to boot.I'll be back... Oh yeah, I'll be back.
5	The Cosmopolitan is our first choice of course, to some it may be a little excessive with its' grand chandelier bar and stiletto statues throughout the conference level corridors but for me it's perfect. The hotel is located in city center and smack dab in the middle of the three-and-a-half-mile-long stretch of hotel-casinos known as the Strip. The big spectacles grab your attention first. The three-story chandelier with a multilevel bar and the rotating video panels on the lobby columns are immediate focal points. Pay attention to the smaller details as well: the restored cigarette machines that dispense packs of art instead of smokes; the banquettes in the lobby of tufted velvet with a working phone; the wall of album covers leading to the "hidden" pizza place, I never found. It's like staying in a museum with gaming tables. I was really impressed by the video pillars which I think make a great first impression, they change from library books to people trapped inside and one could easily fixate on these features for quite some time. Up on the 32nd floor, I discovered an incredible view as I opened our Terrace View Studio Suite door. I think I would have to say this was the best of any room I've ever stayed in Las Vegas. The best thing about the room, besides the view of the Bellagio Fountains was the electrical outlets. These days I often travel with multiple gadgets so the more outlets the better! The Cosmopolitan gets it right with multiple outlets on each side of the bed, plus more on the walls and in the bathroom. I took a dozen photos out on the terrace and even invited some friends to watch the Fountain show with us. The technology in the room is also top notch; the television is intended to provide voicemail messages, a trip itinerary and access to room service, plus you can shut the lights off, change the room temp and check the weather report all from your bedside phone. The bed will have you struggling to get up in the morning, it was so comfortable. It's the details in the room that will win you over.
5	Beautiful hotel inside and out with modern edgy decor.  The rooms are quite nice with flat screens that offer multi function media and personalized greetings to the guests.  This hotel sits by the Bellagio and conveniently located directly across the Miracle Mile shops / Planet Hollywood.  Inside the hotel is the Wicked Spool buffet which is pricy but among the best in all of Vegas.  The casino floor is flooded with good looking people on weekend nights who arrive for the Marquee, their signature high-end celeb-filled pool side double floored night club.  I definitely recommend stopping by this Hotel on your next visit.  The sportsbook here sucks though and the table minimums are high.
5	One of my favorite hotels in Vegas, hands down.Like any great hotel there, you have your shops, casino, and yummy restaurants (like Wicked Spoon gourmet buffet). But, unlike other hotels, the ginormous, yet lovely Chandelier in the center of the hotel adds the extra Pizzazz to make you really feel like you're 'livin it up' in Vegas! And of course, it's the center of the strip for easy come and go access.But one of the top features that I love best is that there are 3 pools!One pool is Marquee, fun, but only if you get your private table in the wading pool- away from the floating tanning oil-topped large pool.The second pool is for hotel guests only- must show your room key. It is a huge wading pool with pool showers, many lounge chairs, a DJ, a hot tub, and a Game room with foosball and televisions! I love this pool the most. It is the 'middle ground' when you want to take a day off from a packed day pool/club.Lastly, the third pool is small and quiet- for the 50+ yr olds/families.The rooms are always nice- either purple or orange! And Cosmo actually has balconies with great views for cool photo-ops!And if you plan way in advance (3 mths ahead)- we get rooms for $350-450, and between 4 people, it's not a big deal for a GREAT hotel and great location!
5	Lovely. Bangin'. Drop-dead Gorgeous.You instantly feel all of the above upon crossing through their glass doors. The decor is modern, technologically hip, aesthetically appealing, shiny, sparkly minus any, and all, intent of gaudiness. We stayed in their wraparound suite on the 38th floor which overlooked a pretty active part of the strip. Our balcony provided for the most stunning views at night as we were among the lights and glamour of the Paris, Bellagio, Aria, and Planet Hollywood. The use of the word 'breathtaking' would most definitely be an understatement. The rooms were not-so lavishly decorated either but just evenly so.  It sorta also makes you feel like you're in a Scarface scene and young Michelle Pfeiffer would soon walk out of the bathroom looking like her fine self while she dusted off her nose. Like most of the other establishments, Cosmopolitan is a one-stop shop. There's a coffee shop, a few clothing stores, lots of restaurants, a super 'wicked' buffet, the Marquee Day/Night club, the Chandelier Bar, a secret restaurant, tables, slots, other smaller fun stores to whip through as well as a bunch of memorabilia and fancy artwork and prints to admire. My fave was the giant-sized Christian Louboutin creation: it was a red bottom with a prosthetic/robotic heel - for lack of a better description - that will have to suffice.  It was mega-awesome *sigh*If you don't think it can get any better, it actually does with the help of their pool; it totally tops off the hotel. It is lavish, accommodating, spacious and clean.  I don't think a pool can get any more attention than this one.Staff here are very friendly and attentive. They sure help to make your experience one that is worthwhile and memorable.  Looking forward to staying here again soon.  I'm sure it will be just as fabulous!
5	Best hotel in Las Vegas, hands down. If you don't want to walk on carpet that looks 500 years old while enjoying MODERN decor/cuisine/nightlife/slots/games etc...then this is the place for you! We have stayed here several times and each time gets better and better.* There are unique and brand new slots* A lot of rooms come with kitchens as a lot of rooms were initially meant to be sold rather than rented as a hotel room* You can become a VIP gambling client after only a few days of staying with the hotel (not by playing slots really but if you play card games and for example play roulette at $200 a hand at times, adds up quick)- No poker room- If you gamble high limit, they definitely take advantage and switch the dealer/you mysteriously start loosing after you play hundreds of dollars a hand so I wouldn't advise gambling here...I know that Vegas have "cheaters" that are professional people who are hired by the casinos to cheat the clients but here it's like a DUH moment where you just KNOW that they are doing this...other casinos it's not AS obvious...but for the actual rooms, they are so modern and unique. They invested a crap load of money into this hotel and it shows at every crack and crevice.If you are under 80 and want to visit Las Vegas, this is the place to stay!
4	This is a great new hotel to stay at.  Very nice rooms, clean and elegant ambiance, great restaurant choices and centrally located.  Would definitely stay here again.
5	This is by far the best hotel and Vegas, Nice and clean and you can tell its brand new. I would love to stay at this hotel next I visit. It beautiful and huge and I feel fancy just bing in here. I love it!
4	Okay here's THE SCOOP on The Cosmo:* Conveniently located in the middle of the Vegas strip.* Hands down, the leading modern/contemporary Hotel/ Casino of its caliber in Vegas.Polished steel accents, shreds of light and glass move above you as you walk in.Elements of sexy appear from the first step in through the lobby and follow into the casino floors. Fascinating design from furniture, art pieces, and installations run consistently through The Cosmo create a modern-contemporary feel. Similar to what would be seen in a GQ magazine spread.AVANT-GARDE - ALLURING - STATE OF THE ART* When it comes to young and hip ambiance I'd say Encore comes close, but The Cosmo is far more ahead in position. Exceptionally nice and helpful dealers on the casino floors were a plus :) * Club Marquee (the largest club I've ever been to) and shops on the second floor. Cool, upbeat and fun people usually hang here. (especially around the weekend & monday nights.) All in all, The Cosmo left a sharp and tasteful impression with me._S
5	The crown for the undisputed king of kings of Las Vegas hotels resides with the Cosmopolitan.  My god, I've never seen a hotel that just mixed everything I've always wanted in the same place.1.  Modern amenities, yet staying classy? Check.2.  A ridiculously fantastic room with an awe-inspiring view? Check.3.  Great service? YEP.4.  Top-class food? Check.5.  Best nightclub in Las Vegas? SUPER CHECK.It's hard for me to really describe the hotel with regards to the way it looks.  Quite simply though, the Cosmo has "IT."  Somehow, it combined a ultra contemporary design with the classiness of a Wynn/Encore but amazingly without the overt pretentiousness.  Sometimes, I feel like rolling into Wynn or Encore that if I'm not a balla, I really have no business being there.  In contrast, even with how nice the Cosmo is, you never feel like the hotel is too good for you at any moment you're in it.The rooms...yeah, they may be a little overpriced compared to other Vegas hotels.  But come on, you in VEGAS son.  You come to Vegas, you gotta roll deep as hell and get a room worth rollin deep for.  Terrace Suite is...wow.  You get what you pay for, I will say as much as that.  The hotel's ultra contemporary/modern design carries over into the rooms.  What else?  TWO bathrooms (very convenient when you have guys/girls staying together).  A freaking oven and washer/dryer (yeah, I know the Cosmo was designed for condos originally, but I'm still shocked they kept it around).  Two huge HDTVs (not that anyone's staying in the room all day, but hey at least it's nice to have).  Oh, and that unfettered view of the Bellagio fountains....yeah, I think you could do worse for views.  Quite frankly, you are getting great value for money.Also love the phones in the room.  It seriously makes getting help pretty much as dumbproof as you can get.  Every time I called for a request (TV system needed resetting, extra towels, needed maid service), it was promptly answered.  Not just that, but they called back to confirm everything went well.  That's called giving a damn, and I appreciate it.Food.  All you need to know is STK, Wicked Spoon Buffet, Holstein's, Secret Pizza.  All I'll say for now, since I'll drop my knowledge on that later, is that you will not run out of options for cheap food, top-class food, and anything in between.  Again, you honestly never feel out of place here because there's always something affordable if you want it.And Marquee, I'll save the details for my Marquee review.  But I will say this: BEST CLUB EVER.Yeah, I'm never staying anywhere else again if I'm on staying on the Strip.P.S. I could've upgraded to the Wraparound Terrace Suite for $100 total (for two nights).  Kinda wish I did, but I needed to see the smaller version first.P.P.S. The greatest thing about that phone is the "Lights Off" and "Lights On" options.  Lights Off is self-explanatory, and makes my life a HELL of a lot easier.  Lights on though?  It's great to bomb people in the morning when they're all hungover. :PP.P.P.S. Do NOT underestimate how clutch it is to be able to WALK TO THE CLUB BECAUSE IT IS IN YOUR HOTEL.  This right here probably saves you at LEAST $40-$50 in cab fare, and I don't even know how much of a price you can put on the time saved.  Oh, and for whatever (insert reason here) to bounce early?  I'd say it's a bit easier to walk back to the room than wait in a massively long line at 4 AM for a cab.  And having Secret Pizza in the same hotel that Marquee is at?  I mean, this isn't even fair at this point.  Just bow down man.
4	Kinda close to perfect: the most comfortable beds in Las Vegas, great pillows (and if they aren't just right, you can call the pillow concierge). Two TVs, loads of outlets, plenty of lamps that actually light your room (other hotels, please take note!) Big, clean well equipped bathroom. Excellent blackout curtains, very quiet, very clean, not perfumy.So why not 5 stars? Super slow check in. No coffeemaker in the room, for one. Getting dressed and going out before coffee is a drag. Also, the room was oddly not level, which is unnerving on the 18th floor. Minibar instead of a fridge, dishwasher but no dishes. And, really, not the best price on The Strip for a luxury room. That may change when they're not the hottest place to stay.
4	I really like this hotel, as many others have said it is a beautiful property.I will focus this review on my only complaint which is the lack of Marriott Rewards Elite recognition by the property.  I booked this property via Marriott and expected typical Elite treatment: Room Upgrade, Exec Lounge, Free Breakfast, etc...  The Cosmopolitan offers none of these amenities to Marriott elite members.  The only real benefit to staying here is receiving Marriott Points.I do like this property but the typical "Marriott Loyalty" does not pull me to this property.  For someone that stays 75+ nights per year in Marriott properties, a big reason to continue staying at Marriott properties is the upgrades and perks.  I received none here so the next time that I am in Vegas I will likely stay somewhere else.
4	There is so much that I could write about this place, many things done right, many things done wrong, but let's leave it at I love the atmosphere in there, I am far from being part of the "beautiful people" crowd, but I still feel like I fit in...Old jeans and a T-Shirt...The only downside is, in the last few weeks I have noticed that as the night goes on, the place isn't being kept clean, go to the mens room and it looks like a bomb has gone off, nobody cleaning it, nobody emptying the trash cans.Budget cuts ? bad management ? who knows but it needs to be fixed.
1	I was charged $ 88 for something that I never used....$22 for vesper bar which I never visited and remaining for mini bar that I did not use !If I wouldnt have checked my credit card statement, I would have been a victim of this fraud....dont know how many others have already been a prey to this fraudFinallly when i talked to the representative, she said it will take 7 days to revert the order !! and when asked to transfer to her supervisor she just kept me on hold forever....worst customer service ever
5	- The Cosmo just seems so cool.- They're parking garage has lights which indicate if the space is empty (green) or taken (red), and I'm not sure but maybe blue means handicap.  The digital signage (eg "Level B3: 47" spots open) and green/red/blue lights makes it a cinch to find an open spot.- Cosmo's Comme Ca and Estios Milos has excellent 3-course lunch specials for about $20.  - There's a free pool table to use and $5 artwork dispensing Art-O-Mat machines.
4	We had fun here. Granted there are douchebag guys and lots of hotgirls in tight dresses but it can be kind of fun to watch the interactions. The rooms are beautiful and some have spectacular views. The furnitures are very trendy and the bathrooms are gorgeous. Many of the rooms come with kitchenettes and some have washer/dryers! They are pet friendly. The only downside is that the casino tables run high minimum bets at night. Also the restaurants are expensive for dinner. Location is excellent right in the center of the Strip, reasonable walking distance e.g. less than 15-20 minutes from pretty much either end.
4	I stayed here with my better half and I must say, Cosmopolitan is definitely a trendy and beautiful place.With balconies facing The Strip and the Bellagio fountains, hosting a club as grandeur as Marquee, fancy blue lights on the side of their hotels that just scream "LOOK AT ME!," and all the cool little touches in every room, what's not to love?  They even have jetted Japanese bath tubs and a nice relaxing shower if it's not your cup of tea.  Even the lobby looks cool with their square columns of ever-changing mini-movies and artsy displays.While Cosmo is definitely modern and swanky, the staff here isn't as friendly as some of the other places.  I think the fact that they work in the coolest and newest hotel on The Strip has gotten to their head.  Pretentious much?  Cosmopolitan appeals to the younger crowds with their trendy glamorous ambiance.  Girls in short skits and stripper heels and guys looking douchey, this is what Vegas is stereotyped for, babes!Stay for the gorgeous rooms and go to the Chandelier Bar at least once.  It's all contemporary, glitz, and glam at The Cosmo!
5	I hadn't been to Vegas since a friend's wedding in 2004 and I hadn't missed it. At all. So it's safe to say I am definitely not what you'd call a "Vegas person." However limited my knowledge of contemporary Vegas may be, even I have seen those creepy/cool commercials when the Cosmopolitan launched a couple of years ago (set to Black Rebel Motorcycle Club's "Spread Your Love", thumbs up), and their tagline "Just the Right Amount of Wrong" is pretty cheeky and intriguing. Plus I'd heard about their pretty impressive art collection and that seemed like something worthwhile to see. If I were to want to go to any hotel in Vegas it'd probably be this one. So when a friend's bday came up and we wanted to do something pretty special we decided on a Vegas weekend at the Cosmopolitan. From the moment you enter their parking structure you know this is going to be a cool experience. The walls decorated with work from some of the most renowned contemporary graffiti artists? Check. The lobby that looks like an airport from some luxe future? Check. Modern, comfortable rooms with some interesting touches like a glass wall in the shower that can be revealed by someone opening blinds from the outside? Check! The four of us shared a City Room in the West Tower that had two queen beds and one bathroom. Two sinks though, which was a plus. For being their basic room it was pretty darn nice. Loved the comfy beds and the decor, and the fantastic view from our 50th-story window looking down on the Bellagio fountain! But thumbs down on the pay WiFi ($15/night for two devices wtf) and minibar and snack tray with sensors that will charge you if you even move the items around! We were given a helpful warning by the guy who checked us in so we avoided that trap. After unpacking and freshening up we decided to take a gander around the place and we were suitably impressed. The casino is an afterthought in this place, which was great because that is the tackiest part of any Vegas hotel, as far as I'm concerned. We blew by the noisy blinking machines and the tables and headed up the escalators to check out their shops, restaurants, and bars. We decided to save the Wicked Spoon buffet for the next night and instead opted to go try out a couple of different eateries, like China Poblano and Secret Pizza (individual reviews to follow). There was even an artist-in-residence gallery that had an interesting exhibit called "Exchange Your Luck." They have all kinds of interesting contemporary art everywhere, actually, and it added a lot to the experience for me.The next day we checked out their Ice Rink, which was one of their pools frozen over. As such, it was pretty small and not really worth skating on, but it looked like a lot of kids were having fun. It was one of the few "kid" things at this place, as this hotel is geared more toward adults (which is one of the reasons why we enjoyed it so much, truth be told). We had a good time watching the skaters as we sat around one of the many fire pits drinking spiked cocoa drinks and making s'mores--it was a chilly day and it was a nice way to while away a couple of hours in the afternoon. We spied a jacuzzi in this pool area and we were thinking some hot tub time was in order. We were hoping the pool in the West Tower was open, but alas it was not, which meant we had to trek across to the East Tower in our robes and towels, lol. We drew some stares walking past some of the shops and stuff but at least we didn't have to walk through the casino! The jacuzzi was REALLY nice, and we got warm enough to not loath getting out. That night we decided to go to the Marquee nightclub for our friend's bday celebration, since it was in the hotel and all. There was some superstart DJ in town so the club was packed, and even though we thought we'd secured free entrance for all of us via a connection, turns out it was only for the wimmins--they still wanted the guy in our party to pay $50! Craziness. We all managed to get in and have a good time, but I really feel no desire to go back if I have to pay :P Whew, all in all an amazing weekend--I definitely wouldn't mind coming back to this hotel if the opportunity presents itself again!
2	CALL AHEAD!!!  We live in Phoenix and the AZ Republic featured A Very Vegas Holiday..over the top displays...make the Strip a Christmas gift.  The newest attraction was the Cosmopolitan ice rink, which featured real ice off of Las Vegas Blvd.  We came early on New Years eve and they were closed setting up for a private party.   We showed up at the rink area/pool area and they had staff waiting to let everyone know the rink was closed that day.  No signs at the elevators or any indication that it was closed...BUT..the staff at the pool area were super nice and let us look around and take a look at the rink area. We took a few pictures...so we knew we were at the rink, but didn't get to skate.  Anyhow, it was disappointing we didnt' get to participate in the new attraction, but the Cosmopolitan staff at the time were wonderful to let us look around and take a few pictures.  Note to self.....call ahead.
5	ABSOLUTELY AMAZING!!  Our room had the works: a dining room, fully stocked kitchen, bar, living room, 2 balconies, a separated bedroom, a washer/dryer unit, 2 bathrooms w/1 of them being a size of a NYC apartment and had a jacuzzi in it, and them some ... I mean ANYTHING we could've wanted or needed that weekend was in the room. -- Oh, and did I mention the view from the room?  We could see the entire strip and watch Bellagio's water show over and over again.  Just A-M-A-Z-I-N-G!Of course the lobby is just as breathtaking, especially the chandelier bar.  I have nothing negative to say ... seriously, I tried and I can't think of one =X.After staying at this hotel I seriously cannot imagine staying anywhere else.P.S. The pools and clubs at the hotel are totally up-to-par as well ... this hotel just does not know how to disappoint.  ;)
5	There is always action at the Cosmo. They have a bunch of fun bars and lounges to choose from - and great restaurants.  It's right smack dab in the middle of the strip and everyone goes there. One of the downfalls is parking and walking through the casino.  They don't have enough valet guys to take all the cars when you arrive, but leaving is very efficient. Also, because it's so busy, it's hard to walk throughout without bumping into people all the time. Overall, the rooms are nice and the staff is great no matter where you are.  We always have a great time at the Cosmo.
5	Huge city view suite including a view of the bellagio water show, bone marrow at the buffet, friendly craps dealers, attentive cocktail waitresses, trendy decor, basically all the makings of a great hotel in vegas.  Only qualm I have with this place is the lack of a poker room, but making the trip the nearby Aria or PH, should satisfy any of your poker cravings.   They even have a climate controlled comfy lounge to hang out in while waiting for the valet.
5	Great hotel! The staff was super friendly, would stay there again.
4	The Setting:  Stayed by myself for one night (Thursday) before the rest of the group arrived.  Price paid $159 + $25 resort fee (covers internet charge and access to gym, does NOT cover access to spa amenities).The ROOM:  5 StarsWell, let's just say it beat my expectations.  Most rooms in Vegas nowadays are pretty fancy and competition leads to some pretty decent prices, especially the lull time in early January pre-CES, but this was truly amazing at the price point.  I had about 400 sq ft with an open bathroom (set up similar to the Executive King rooms at the St. Regis SF with the bathtub open in the middle with pull-down privacy screen to the rest of the room), full wrap-around couch, office desk,  kitchen area with microwave, and comfortable king-size bed.  Everything is technology enabled, with full control of everything in room via your tv and remote....impressive!The hotel Vibe:  4 StarsSo, this is definitely the "it" hotel in Vegas right now.  It is crowded, has many high-end restaurants (STK and E, good luck getting a res at E), and Marquee nightclub.  It is centrally located, which is great for reducing the time and cost of cab rides to other hotels on the strip, and Aria/Bellagio/MGM/Mandarin Oriental/Paris are all walk-able.  Unfortunately, there is still a bit of an "Ed Hardy" vibe going here with some of the crowd, which I thought had been consigned over to the Hard Rock, but not fully yet.  But if you avoid the casino, you'll avoid that...The Service:  4 StarsBeing there for only one night, I didn't get a chance to make any obscure requests, but they delivered a WSJ to me in the morning and let me check out in the Platinum line to avoid the long check-in lines (I have no status with Cosmo).NOTE:  If you have Marriott points, you may redeem them for Cosmo rooms, but you can't earn Marriott points by staying at Cosmo.The Amenities:  4 StarsI did not have room service, the internet was plenty speedy (make sure to say upfront that you'd like the resort fee if you plan to use both the internet and the gym, which will save you $10), the gym was pretty decent (had a boxing ring for those inclined...), and the toiletries in the bathroom are good.Bottom Line:  If you are staying by yourself, the rooms are a huge value!  If you plan on going out here or nearby, the location is great.  If you are here for gambling primarily, I wouldn't recommend (stay at Encore).
4	Original price is a little much, but luckily I got a good deal on the City Room and then got upgraded to the Terrance One-Bedroom.The Terrance has a queen pull-out couch and also a king bed which faces the bathtub and shower for some added fun. A wonderful balcony is included with a gorgeous view of the city (we were on the 47th floor). There is a microwave but no fridge, just a minibar. In the weight-sensored snack area, you can find binoculars... I find this humorous because from our balcony you can see into the rooms of Aria.Service was excellent and you can save a lot of walking by staying in the same hotel as Wicked Spoon and Marquee.
5	This is my new favorite hotel on the Strip!  I am sad that it took me so long to check it out.  If I hadn't had friends in town staying there I still would know how fabulous it is.    Both rooms I saw were amazing, a suite and a regular room.  It's the only hotel I've been in on the Strip that offered real balconies.  As a local I also appreciate how easy it is to get to this property without every driving on the Strip.  During their stay we ate at China Poblano, Comme Ca, and Holsteins.  We also had drinks at Chandelier.  did miss Secret Pizza so a return trip to Cosmo is on my to do list!
1	Went to Bond bar and lounge and the bartender that looked like Pitbull wouldn't serve my cousin because he had an international ID. Wow I didn't know that TSA ran the cosmopolitan. This place discriminates go to Hyde instead.
4	Recently stayed at this hotel for the first time. A must while you're here stop in at the wine tasting bar. At happy hour you can buy a $20 card for $10. It doesn't expire so you can use it over the course of your stay. The Wicked Spoon buffet was excellent. Not your typical buffet. We enjoyed both breakfast and dinner. The only thing is that they only serve dinner until 9pm. A little strange for Vegas. There are so many restaurants to choose from on htis property. Do not expect any peace and quiet at this hotel. There is music playing all over and several night club areas. Definitely for the young. Perfect location at the center of the strip. Wonderful views.
5	I can't say enough great things about this hotel. Came here with two of my girlfriends for a quick summer getaway. The room was not ready under my name because I had borrowed my dad's card to book it. Within minutes, we were comped $100 to the Holstein's restaurant upstairs for food and drinks. We were also given 3 free breakfasts at the Wicked Spoon (which was so freaking good, btw). Holstein's was also amazing. The room was really nice and spacious. We had a great view of the strip. We loved the different pools and switched it up everyday at a new one. The hotel had a variety of different restaurants to pick from and we never got bored. The casino was great as well, and we even spotted a few celebrities. I would definitely come back to this hotel next time I come to Vegas.
1	Came here for Christmas and boy does this hotel need some crash course on staff management. I understand that Christmas was a busy week but having guests wait 50 minutes for bell service? Or having their valet so full that hotel guests need to wait 25 minutes in the valet lane before leaving their cars? Me thinks not! While most advertising material show cases tablet control of lighting and electronics in the room, some rooms are not tablet controlled. The arrangement seems to be random that guests have no control over which room gets tablet control and which does not. The hotel also needs a better ventilation system for air... Every corner seems to lack fresh air... Lastly, while playing at the poker tables, it seemed that they only had one waitress serving 50 different tables. I waited 30 minutes before she came to take my drink order...There is one pro about Cosmo though.. they have very decent restaurants. Comme Ca and Scarpetta are my favorites!
5	Sexy sexy sexy hotel! A few notes...in place of finding a bible in the nightstand I find a book on Kama sutra....interesting, very interesting. On that same note, lube & condoms in the mini bar (probably the most useful item I've ever seen in a minibar). No coffee pots (or coffee mugs) in your room. If youre halfway frugal like I am, bring your own...problem solved. The rooms with the balcony and Bellagio views are worth it. Older folks kinda stick out here........no grannies with fanny packs here, no siree!The resort fee is lame but whatever.....When I come back to Vegas to lose more money this will def be a place I stay again!
1	I would have given them "0" star but that's NOT an option.My girlfriends and I came here for a little Cali getaway and we were sooo excited to finally stay at this upscale establishment.  We finally checked in and upon arrival to our room we were very disappointed with the interior of the room.  Here's to name a few:broken lamp, leftover hair tie from previous customer, leaky toilet, 2 soiled towels with holes all over, no "please do not disturb" plaque for the door, and poor lighting (dead light bulbs) So, we went downstairs to talk to "Kevin" at the front desk. We were NOT received with a warm welcome at all.  He didn't even greet us with a "hello, how may I help you?" He seemed preoccupied & that we were "taking up his precious time" kinda attitude.  So, I presented him with the list of things that was wrong with the room.  I shared with him that I don't want to be charged for the broken lamp so please notate my account.  He apologized and simply offered us a credit of $100 to be used anywhere in the hotel.  $100 at the Cosmo doesn't get you anywhere since alcoholic drinks are $15-$20 and coffee is $7-$9.  So I requested to be moved to another room, in which he denied my request.  I didn't want to press any further since we were there to celebrate.    At 3:30am.....we were woken up by the sound of loud drilling noises from the level above us.  I called down and spoke with a front-desk manager and he graciously comped us for our 2nd night. However, the drilling didn't stop until 4:30am.  We couldn't believe one of the newest multi-million dollar establishment would be drilling in the middle of the night during a "on season" time. SMH...or did they give us a "cheap, leftover room" in which lots of hotels do since I'm a Marriott Gold Member customer where I get my room discounted for being a loyal client of their chain.  You think it would be the reverse however, in this situation it wasn't. The next day, upon our departure we were woken by 3 different people before 9am. The reason for the constant barrage of people is because we never got our "do not disturb" plaque.  So "Kevin" never followed up on my original complaints. Worst of all, we were then given 2 more soiled towels with holes in them as well!!! Then, at 9:58am the head maid came to confront us about the uncleanliness compliant that we made. So, this was the straw that broke the camel's back. We went to the front desk to voice our concerns.  We requested for a manager and we were brushed off as they claimed that she's in a meeting and we were urged to email her, here her business card.  What??!!!! A multi-million dollar hotel's manager refused to come out to remedy a customer's concerns. So, lesson learned from the previous day we refused to leave until she came out. Then, I brought up the situation about the maid coming to our room to confront us, that's when the manager decided to come out of her hiding.  With her British accent (Elaine),  she apologized for our inconveniences and agreed to comp one extra day.  The whole experience left such a horrific feeling that we were unable to enjoy our stay.  They completely ruined our whole vacation since we spent a good 3 hrs trying to remedy the problem.  Beware....the Cosmo might look appealing on the exterior but the interior is so worn down, unkept rooms, filthy towels, mismanaged, unprofessional, unethical, and just down right "SHADY".
5	The Cosmo is the best spot for the young crowd who wants to be in the center of the action. The decor is contemporary and fun. The chandelier is a must-see. I love the fact that these rooms have balconies. It was amazing being able to stand outside on the balcony, enjoying the fresh air and seeing what is going on up and down the strip. The location is prime and there is so much going on at the hotel that you practically don't have to go anywhere else. The bathrooms were high-end and the showers were clean and huge. I felt that the room was very clean and the satellite radio on the TV was a bonus! I haven't seen that before and it allowed us to keep the music pumping all weekend without having to worry about controlling an iPod. I stayed in the Wraparound Terrace Suite and it was so amazing that I feel too spoiled to stay anywhere else from now on! I have no complaints about this hotel and I can't wait to stay there again. We came on a Cyber Monday deal that we booked back in November. The deal was AMAZING. I don't think you can beat it for any hotel out there. So definitely keep an eye out for that once the time comes around.
5	Perfect view, Marquee day/night club at the top, right on the strip, whats not to love?? other than the price of course, but hey, its Vegas right?The rooms are really nice.  We stayed in a suite that had balcony with a beautiful view of the water show next door to the Belagio and a gorgeous view of Vegas itself. The nice thing also is you walk outside and across the street is Planet Hollywood with their inside mall!. Close by to everything from other hotels, restaurants to clubs.The room was very spacious.  I've had bad  experiences with hotel beds and pillows, even at the Vegas hotels. I feel like the pillows sometimes are too soft, or too elevated for me where I wake up with my neck all stiff. Normally the beds are too soft that you sink in them, how are you suppose to get busy with a woman if you can't keep yourself balanced or from sinking in?? Any who, I didn't have a problem with that at the Cosmopolitan.  I actually managed to get some rest to continue the partying the following night.  What I really loved from our suite, was the bathroom.  The bathtub had its own jets built-in that made it into a personal, one seat er jacuzzi.  I sat my ass in that bathtub for about an hour, dying from my hangover.  Surprisingly, it help!Service was excellent, the price is a little steep, but totally worth the experience.  If your a "weekend warrior" that likes to go to Vegas often, try the Cosmopolitan at least once, pretty sure you'll like it.  Make sure you get a room on the side of the building that gets that water show from the Belagio!
2	For the amount we were paying, I was severely disappointed. We had a 2bd/3ba suite. Had to call and ask 3 times for more towels. Shower handles were loose. 3rd bathroom (half-bath) door lock was broken. Returned to our room at 2pm one afternoon and the room still hadn't been cleaned. Great location but terribly managed.
4	I absolutely loved the room I stayed in. The Terrace Suite is beautiful. Most comfortable bed I've slept on. The view is lovely.The reasons behind the 4 stars instead of the full 5: I feel like the bar areas are much more accommodating to older people. It makes sense, that's where most of the money is, I guess. But I'm a paying customer, too!Asking my friends to give up seats for an impatient mid-life crisis crowd was just tacky.Also during check-in I felt like the concierge was questioning whether I was breaking the law a little much. I was there for my 21st birthday/New Year's and I put the room on my card, my friend signed since I technically wasn't 21 for a few more hours. Maybe it was his Arizona residence and my California residence that confused her. By her tone and word choice, I felt like she thought I picked him up from the street so that he could sign for my room.That was all while waiting for our room to be ready. We arrived New Year's Eve and it was ready by 3:30pm. After that all 4 of my room keys didn't seem to work. A few security people were very helpful and fixed the problem as they welcomed us into our room. The comfort quickly changed our sour feeling. No problems whatsoever upon entering and thereafter!Nice view for the firework show!
5	The levels to which I love this hotel cannot begin to be described. But, since this is Yelp, I'm going to do my best.The first thing that's worth noting about this hotel is that it's a Marriott property. That means if you have status with Marriott (which, fortunately I do) you'll get free wifi and (for platinum level), two free passes to the Wicked Spoon buffet for breakfast (which is amazing, but that's a topic for another review.)The lobby sets the tone for the rest of the experience. They advertise as "just the right amount of wrong" and it really is. If you've ever been to The Standard hotel the Cosmopolitan will strike you as a slightly more upscale/toned down version of that.When you walk in through the valet entrance you're greeted by the lobby with these "magical pillars". I actually have no idea what they're called, but they're cool. They'll show different elevator type scenes, some of them a bit risque. You'll probably find yourself standing there watching, mesmerized, waiting for someone to release that poor trapped woman from the foggy glass room she's trapped in.Just off of the lobby is the Vesper Bar. The bar specializes in classic cocktails and bartenders who really know their craft. In all the times I've stopped by there, which is many, I've always been very impressed with the bartenders. As for the waitresses there (and the rest of the complex for that matter), let's just say "they hire well" - attentive, friendly, and rather attractive - just the way you want your cocktail waitresses to be.Past the lobby opens up into one of the nicer casinos I've seen. I must confess I haven't done much gambling there as I tend to gamble on the cheap and the limits are generally a bit too rich for my blood. But my wife does love the penny slots there.As you meander through the casino there's a nice little sports bar on the right side. Good beer selection and a nice place to grab some greasy food to fight off the hangover from the night before. Through to the other end of the casino is the Chandelier Bar, which is enormous and breathtaking. It's built inside of a huge, well, chandelier. It's three stories tall, with a bar on each story. I have to say I much prefer the bartenders back at Vesper.If you head upstairs you'll find a little shopping area, which did little to impress me. However, there are quite a few good restaurants around the area, including Scarpetta (do yourself a favor and try the duck foie gras ravioli. You'll thank me later) and Holstein's Shakes & Buns.If you're lucky enough to be staying here, ask, plead and beg for a room that overlooks the Bellagio fountains. It's one of the best views in Vegas. But even if you're not fortunate to be blessed with a great view, the rooms are outstanding.They're wired to the max. Every room I've stayed in has had a living area and a bedroom, with ample space for each. The couch in the living area is comfortable, and a perfect place to relax with a little TV or simply collapse if you don't have the energy to make it to the bed. The beds are uber comfortable. The bathrooms are huge, and depending on the room have a clear glass wall separating you from the shower area.If you're not lucky enough to get a room with a view (either of the Bellagio, or of the shorty you brought back to your room showering), you may still be lucky enough to have a balcony. Yes - balcony. Perfect for relaxing with a nice cigar and a couple of friends swapping Vegas stories.Having stayed here several times now I must admit I'm spoiled. I can't imagine staying anywhere else on the strip. Posh. Great rooms. Amazing atmosphere. Central strip. Great views. Remarkable staff. This is my home in Vegas.
4	Yay! I think I may have found my new favorite hotel :) It's new, it's modern, and it's fancy shmancy.  But best of all, it's CONVENIENT.  Right across from PH with the miracle mile shops as well as the new designer shops near the Aria hotel.  PLUS, SECRET PIZZA is here and the wonderful chandelier in the middle makes for awesome pictures. The rooms are nice and surprisingly spacious.  Each standard city room, which is the cheapest, comes with TWO queen beds and the entire right wall is a full length mirror. LADIES, you all know how we love dem large mirrors.  The bathroom is a good size, but the only awkward thing about it is the bathroom door and shower door.  It's NOT secure and the shower door is glass with the other side being blinds ... that can be opened from the other side hahaha. So just make sure you feel safe when showering :) And of course, I was extremely lucky to get to stay in their bungalows for a night.  Let me just tell you that if I had all the money in the world, I would stay there every time I go to Vegas.  It's HUGE.  Three stories of awesomeness ... and it connects to Marquee?  Shoot,  I'm down. BUT for all us other regular Vegas goers, the price for the regular rooms are $$$. Luckily, we got a deal for $170 a night ... instead of the usual .. what, $200?  And that's the cheapest room.If you're willing to spend extra money on the rooms here, do it.  If not, find somewhere cheaper and just venture over here for the food and club.  I love you Cosmo ... just offer more deals please.
4	I.  Am.  Impressed.Par for the course on Vegas hotels.  The newest ones are always the nicest and the Cosmo lives up to the standard.  The rooms are ridiculous!  We had to walk through the shower to get to the bathtub.  I would definitely stay here again, until the next, new hotel gets built on the strip.
4	love the decor! very spacious you don't smell much of the cigarette smoke. the second with the clear beads were heavenly! it makes you not want to leave. cocktail waitress every 30 min unlike other casinos.
5	This just became my favorite place in Vegas, I'm sorry palazzo for cheating on you from now on....  I don't need to go out see the strip, I can see the most amazing view from my balcony ...this place make me not wanna go out, and just stay in relax, chill, watch tv, lay in the balcony get a tan...  in the morning I go to 3rd floor, the way to all the restaurants there's a lil corner with a grand piano, I play for a bit to relax and it just starts off my day. 2nd floor they got all the shops, stores, which the chandelier bar is located there as well. It is so beautiful and so me!! bling bling!! we had room service everyday, and it was the best room serviceI ever enjoyed in vegas. Their foods are restaurant quality, very well prepared. Even tho its a convenient location being the center city you can walk to anywhere to grab a bite, but I prefer not to leave this place at all. its too comfy, cozy, beautiful modern design with a classy touch.
3	hrmMMmmm...for a relatively new hotel, decor looks a little cheese & plasticy to me. Although the sparkles of diamond chains and moving art decor were quite impressive. but the key to my 3 stars for this expensive hotel was the service. Arriving at 8:30pm, our $1000+/per night, wrap around terrace suite wasn't ready. the non-emotionless desk girl advised us that our room can be ready in 5 min or 2 hours. she doesn't know. A phone call would be made to our cell, once the room was ready. are you serious?she then continued to say, "o but if you want a smaller room, it's ready now."wow, why would we want a smaller room when we booked a wrap around suite? whatevs ...long story short, we never got that call, even at 11:30pm. not one appology... we were homeless for a couple of hours ...for the same price, i would rather stay anywhere else. i'm certain service would be better anywhere else.
1	No Stars, Beware this Hotel - The Room rate quoted to you online is not what your room will cost per-night - They are currently pulling the Airline Bait and Switch on Room Fees - we arrived 1/18/2013 to discover there is a now a mandatory 25$ per-person per-day charge for Spa-use and Internet access. They also decided to deny me a pet-friendly room that I had called to confirm based on not having rabies papers for my dog (we have stayed there 3 time previously in the last year with the dog, and have never needed these papers)- I will never again stay or recommend the Cosmopolitan to anyone
5	On a recent trip to Las Vegas I was able to stay at the Cosmopolitan hotel.  This was my first visit to this hotel but I had seen it featured on various TV shows over the past couple years.  As the cab pulled under the garage space, I knew I was in the right place, it was just like on TV with the lines of limos pulled in front of the entrance doors.  As I walked inside, I noticed quickly how updated and clean the lobby area was.  I was quickly greeted in the check-in line and by a staff member who was directing people to the open check-in desks.  I had a few min. wait before it was my turn but it's to be expected in LV.  At check-in I was promptly given my keys and was pointed to the West tower elevators. This is the nicest of all Marriott properties I have ever stayed at.  First let me tell you about my pillow top mattress, this is possibly the most comfortable hotel mattress I have ever slept on.  It might even be better than the Bellagio beds which I am a big fan of.  The bathroom was huge and the glass shower on one side and a tub on the other.  The room was fully upgraded and I enjoyed my view of the Bellagio Fountains from my room.There are many bars at this property and tons of machines for gambling.  The entire place is well kept and very clean.The Cosmo is centrally located on the Strip so no matter where you want to go, it's quick to walk to most places.  It was nice to be able to walk to New York New York and Caesars without tiring myself out too much.   My only complaint is the lack of casual dining restaurants.  I was looking for some type of casual sports bar to sit down and have a quick lunch at, but everything seemed a bit too fancy for me.  I ended up eating at a different hotel but it was a quick walk away.I would stay here again in a heartbeat... I really like this hotel and can't wait to visit again soon.
4	Pretty cool hotel. I stayed here for a weekend and it was really nice. Since it was a bit chilly outside, it's super convenient if you're going to go out to Marquee since you won't have to step foot outside. Our view was spectacular from our suite. One of the best views I've seen on the strip. It overlooked the Bellagio fountains so it was nice. Although the room wasn't paid by me, I would def look into staying here again.
5	I love this hotel so much that it's hard to know where to begin. I've stayed here six times and am always itching to go back. I will let the photos speak for themselves but will say this:*Get the one bedroom terrace with the soaking tub overlooking the strip. Ask for the highest floor available. Just. Do. It. And then sit in that tub at sunset and watch the lights of Vegas come alive.*Take time to read through the books and look at the artwork in the rooms. It's amazing.*Take a shower with only the lights from the strip illuminating you. The tiny tiles are so beautiful in that light.*Sleep in the bed as much as being in Vegas will allow you. It is THE MOST COMFORTABLE bed I've slept in anywhere in the world.*EXPLORE the property. The later the better so there are less people. There are nooks and crannies everywhere with hidden beautiful surprises.*Sit on all levels of the chandelier bar very late at night, if possible. Sometimes you'll be the only people there and it is sublime.*Take time to look at all of the album covers covering the walls and ceiling of the pizza joint.*Gamble. Surprisingly loose slots for such a glorious property.*Go to the Bond bar while the girls are still dancing in the windows. Stay long enough for their 'shift changes', it's amazing to watch how it works.*EAT at the Wicked Spoon buffet. This is NOT your ordinary amazing Vegas buffet. Go HUNGRY and try every little thing. I'm a chef by profession and this place curls my toes.*Explore the parking garage. It is beautiful. It's ok if you don't have a car.Never have I experienced such personable customer service in Vegas as I have here. From the person answering the phone to the front desk to the housekeeping staff to the pit bosses. All of it... Nowhere else in Vegas will be getting my $. From my first visit I was hooked. I love you, Cosmo.
3	This year, for my group's annual Vegas weekend, we stayed at the Cosmopolitan, because we found a rate online that was roughly half that of what we usually pay at the Wynn.  Four of us booked a room with two double beds for a couple hundred bucks a night.  Sounded like a real deal.CHECK IN:  When we checked in, they claimed that the reservation was for 1 person and that if we wanted to add three more to the reservation, there would be a $60 surcharge per person, per night.  Uh, no.  We definitely booked the room for four and wouldn't have booked at the Cosmopolitan if it weren't for the quoted rate.  After some "whatever, I don't care" attitude from the lady at the front desk, eventually we were given three keycards.ROOMS:  Spacious and clean, but tiny windows with no view and the bathroom lock didn't work.DECOR: Guess they're going for some sort of hybrid fin de siecle / James Bond thing, but I wasn't really into it.  Felt a little cheesy, with the strings of diamonds and whatnot. GAMING: Felt particularly heavy on slots at the expense of table gaming.  Only 6-8 blackjack tables, mostly full.  4-5 craps tables, all full from 7-10.  Space is definitely at a premium, but all of the dealers and croupiers were personable (although I wish they had name tags).  Sports book was tiny and on the second floor, away from the tables - plan on watching somewhere else.
5	Love the terrace suites , and the wrap around suites they have 150ft balconies they give you plenty of room.  I got one over looking the bellagio water fountain spectacular. The down side was is the girls didn't want to leave but what can you do Vegas right. the casino looks like a club the music is great. casino host Chris Shaffer is one of the best on the whole strip hands down. the club Marquee is great they don't just let in any yaahooo off the street. i wish i could remember more but i have pictures coming :)
4	This is a great hotel but they have been raising the rates through the roof lately (and I'm not sure the new prices are worth it)! I love how gorgeous everything is - the decorations are impeccable - but I was able to stay in a corner suite at the Aria next door for less than a standard room at the Cosmopolitan my last trip. Needless to say, given the choice, I'd stay in the corner suite every time. But the Cosmopolitan staff is super friendly and even if you don't stay here, I'd definitely recommend walking through (especially if you are with a bachelorette party - all those sparkles!). I love the chandeliers and casino. They also have great restaurants and a very cool pool. Hopefully they will stop price gouging and I can stay there again.
5	Best hotel on the strip, without a doubt. Also, great perks for being marriott platinum. Have been several times in their terrace and terrace suites - unparalleled conveniences and styling.
4	So this is my first time staying here and it's beautiful.  There were two issues.  The bathtub stopper did not work.  But to the hotel's testament, they were up within an hour to fix it.  Also the dishwasher had a dirty plate in it.  Even though I called about it, the plate is still in the dishwasher.  If it wasn't for that reason, this hotel and casino would have gotten five stars.  I will definitely be coming back!!!
3	This place would be great if it weren't for the crappy guests...Cosmo is pretty and quirky, but it tries too hard to be cool. It's "that guy".The public area music is electro-pop crap. The whole building feels like a "Let's Go To The Club" pre-party, with trashy, smelly hipsters and hill trash EVERYWHERE.BUT, the staff is friendly and the neat things are still neat. I feel like I'd LOVE Cosmo if they closed the club for a week.
4	I have stayed at a lot of different hotels on the strip and I will put Cosmo right up there. Really good restaurants and the rooms were spacious and well decorated. The room had a nice living room and a small walkway leading to the bedroom. I heard this was supposed to be a condo first before they converted it to the hotel after the real estate slump. I was on the 52nd floor and had a great view of the Bellagio fountains and the rest of the strip from the balcony. The gym was really well equipped. There is a gym at the East tower and 1 in the West. The one in the west is much large with more equipment but the one in the East has the better iew.Service was excellent all around. The restaurants and bars were EXCELLENT. I liked the screens in the lobby and in the elevator with the moving art, it is cool. Now the negatives, this is me being picky. Note that I still rate them at 4 stars.- Check your couch, my first room had a lot of dust and they moved me to another room after I complained which was good, so not docking them for this.- They also need better signs on how to get to the East Tower from the lobby, the elevators were well hidden.-Did not like the $20 additional fee for using the gyms. -This not about Cosmo in particular but I hated the folks who were smoking all over the place, my nose and lungs hate Vegas.
4	from the moment we checked service was fantastic and not because I am platinum marriott member. from the bellman, to the valet, room service great service. the upgrade was nice too
5	I just got back from a girls weekend in Vegas and we stayed here.  We originally booked a terrace suite, but were offered an upgrade upon arrival for a small fee.  So worth it!  The room was AMAZING!  Service was great and staff is friendly.  we tried two of the restaurants: The Henry and Holstein's, both of which were awesome.  Walking distance from the new City Center and great location on the strip.  We loved it for a girls weekend because the hotel itself is absolutely stunning.  Glass chandeliers and glossy white everywhere.  love it!
3	Nice room terrible service at check-in.   This must be a recurring issue since while I was waiting for 5 hours fir my room I heard from a dealer at the blackjack table, without even mentioning anything, that she could help make the experience at the front desk better.  All I asked her was to deal me good cards.   If they expect to be part of Ritz Carlton they better train the front desk staff to act like it.  Otherwise the rooms are very nice and the rest of the facility is great.
5	Oh no....not another boring review for a hotel. NOT!  Here's an interesting story when I last went to Cosmopolitan a few months back. Waiting for the elevator to my room.....Door opens.Guy with a cap on one side (SEMA badge worn around his neck) and a girl on the other side. This dude is like scanning me from top to bottom. I tried not to make any eye contact and mind my own biz.I stepped in the middle.Guy with a cap:"Are you going to SEMA?"(hmmm I forgot I had on the SEMA badge too)Me:"Yes."Guy with a cap:"You are so attractive, Are you one of the models?"Me:"Thanks....but no I'm just here to see the show."Guy with a cap:"Are you sure you're not one of the models?!  Anyway you should stop by my booth. I want to show you some of our products maybe we can use you to model our stuff."....the other girl steps out of the elevator to her floor(oh shit)Me:"Oh yeah sure...."....the elevator stops at the next floor(oh good he's leaving)Guy with a cap:"Let's chat a little more later. Can I have your number? I'd like to get to know you more."Me:"Oh no thank you I don't hand out my number and I have a boyfriend."Guy with a cap:"Oh come on, I just want to be friends. I just want to talk to you and get to know you."....the elevator door opens, he steps out and props the door opened with his body to corner me.(this dude's not gonna leave me alone)Me:"Yeah okay....here it is xxx-xxx-xxxx."Guy with a cap:"Great I'm gonna call you right now."(fuck, Sharr is sweating now)....he calls that mystery number, puts it on speaker and it starts ringingGuy with a cap:"Hey that's not your cell."Me (unfortunately I was holding my cell phone in my hand in plain view):"Yeah this is my work phone and I just gave you my personal number at home."....answering machine came on with some random lady's voice (phew)He wasn't paying attention cause this dude was still talking to me....something about texting me to that number.Me:"Yeah....yeah sure."Guy with a cap:"Great I'll call you again later. Maybe I'll see you at the show."(oh good God....hell NO)The elevator door closed finally and I jumped for joy.  Close call Sharr. Close call.The hotel is magnificent by the way. I got the suite. I love my private patio, the Marquee at the top (girl gets in free), the Chandelier Bar, crazy pervs and slutvilles running around.....I love it all!! It's Vegas baby!I just have to make sure I don't run into that perv again, lol.
4	Conflicted. Had a really good time gambling, mostly all craps. Craps dealers were awesome (shout out to John / Johnny from Philly - cool cat). But damn , the clientele was suspect at times. Weird. Overall a fun place to play craps. $10 and $15 tables which was nice if your getting your balls handed to you on the $25 tables.
4	So I went to the Cosmopolitian for my 21st birthday and for the most part it was a really good trip! First of all if you go to Vegas it's freaking cold and I live in Hawaii so yeah everyone on the mainland is cold in January but anyways it was about in the 40s. I wish I could of checked in earlier but I turned 21 on the 1st so I couldn't legally be able to get a room on the 31st. Check-In:I've read a lot of reviews about check in but there was pretty much no line when I checked in. The lady that checked me in was really nice until she took a look at my I.D and I guess doesn't know basic math since 2012-1992 = 21. Anyways she came back to me and was like since there is a casino in this hotel we can't allow you to check-in because you have to be 21. I said....um I turned 21 today. Oh she said and went back and smiled. Ok she said that will be 450 for your stay. Now I reserved my room through Jetsetter which is an amazing site for hotel deals and I already paid for the room. She told me that it was a $150 a day for "insurance". Shit I didn't know this hotel rolled like that...do I get a chocolate on my pillow dipped in 24k gold? Anyways that kind of pissed me off cause it was my birthday and that definitely took a chunk out of my budget for spending, drinking, gambling and partying. I did get a $25 credit from Jetsetter for food and beverage so can't really complain.The Room:I stayed at the Terrace Studio with 2 Queens since it was my friend and I that came for this trip. It was really nice. The kitchenette was good and the closet was cute. I mostly dominated the closet as I have a lot of clothes. The bathroom was really spacious and had this amazing bathtub that I used almost everyday. The shower was LARGE...I could of definitely fit at least 5 people in their comfortable if I wanted a crazy time shower party....I didn't.The Casino:Ummm....definitely lacking at the Casino. First of all there is NO POKER ROOM! WTF!? I freaking love poker and that was the majority of my excitement was that I was gonna be able to play poker on the tables at the Cosmo...oh well I ended up playing at the Bellagio and I met some sexy high-rollers. Anywho! I had fun playing  the 1 cent games of Sex and the City 2....if you do go play it...it's addicting as shit. I also enjoyed playing the roulette games. The tables are all min. $25....luckily for me I met sexy high-rollers who had no problem dropping some stacks for me to enjoy the casino without me having to pay! But! If I did have to pay I probably would of went to some sketchy place like the Golden Corral or something in Old Town. The Food:DELICIOUS! Only way to put it. I ate at the Wicked Spoon and I think I foodgasmed at least twice...I apologize to anyone who was eating near me cause whoo I was making some noises. I got the bottomless wine to go with that and I was so drunk by the time that was over...the food...GOD. I think I end up hitting on one of the guys that worked there...hey it's Vegas.Holsteins was soooo delicious and I got the mini sliders with the milkshake (alcholic). Geez I was a drunk on this trip but it was seriously so good! The girls who work there are super friendly unlike most of these bi&^$es who for some reason are SO RUDE!Secret Pizza what can I say about you!? I went to LAVO and when I came back just so drunk I was told to go to the Secret Pizza...best idea ever. The pizza is SOOO good but only eat it when you are really fucked up if you want to truly enjoy it.Comme Ca was where I ate with some dudes who paid for it so honestly don't know the prices really but I'm sure it's expensive. IT WAS DELICIOUS!Shopping: I'm a shopaholic but surprisingly I didn't really do shopping on this trip. I think it was just cause I was hammered most of the time and trying to shop with alcohol in your system is a really bad idea. They did have cool stores and they have a vending machine store....um...GENIUS?The Scene:This is definitely a beautiful people place. Only reason why I stood out was cause I'm black...no seriously I stood out. Lots of supermodel looking chicks with really really really old guys. Seriously do they have sex? I mean I applaud that cause I just couldn't be able to do that! The guys I met here are delicious...seriously I don't get to enjoy this in Hawaii. Lots of really good conversation with bright people and great to people watch. It's definitely a who is sucking the richest dude kind of place....if that's your type of scene you will love it here!Overall: It was an amazing trip and only reason why I gave it 4 stars was cause there is no poker room! I can't wait to come for Spring Break...or summer I dunno!Yelp 365 Challenge: 1/365
2	I would say this place is definitely overrated. Stayed here for one night during Super Bowl weekend. Check in was fine, but when I got to the room I noticed several things that were not up to Marriott standards for any hotel.1. Dirty underwear and hooker cards all over the closet. Simply went to get the iron and found them all over. Gross!2. Blood or semen stains on the shower curtain. Looks like they had been there awhile. Makes me think of a motel 63. Shower had poor water pressure and did not get fully hot. Also did not drain well and after the first shower had soap scum all around the floor.4. Refrigerator already had items missing from it which I think they charged me for. Have an $11 charge on my bill for something and it doesn't even tell you what it's for.5. Phone did not work. This is what finally prompted me to complain. Went down to the front desk and told them everything. They sent someone up to look into the phone problem and had no idea about my other complaints. The guy was mostly just making excuses for everything and said he would give me $50 off the room.In all it wasn't the casino or restaurants that were bad, but the customer service and the room. Something I'm sure Marriott and other guests would like to hear about. There are better hotels on the strip for the money.
5	We stayed here for a week the week of Christmas.  It was a dream.  Top notch everything.  We had a suite with a Japanese soaking tub, which I would recommend to anyone interested in going.  It was seriously a highlight of the entire vacation.  We also upgraded to a view of the Bellagio fountains.  We weren't planning on doing this, but decided to when we were checking in, and thought that we live modestly the entire rest of the year, and why not upgrade?!So here we are in our tub in our awesome suite.  What's next?The buffet is F$@#%#@%%$# awesome.  Get there early for breakfast and you'll have your socks knocked off.The casino is the best I've seen in Vegas.  Not too smokey and not too old.  Just perfect with good, FREQUENT service.  Yes. Yes. Yes.The restaurants in the Cosmo: yeah, they're expensive, but HELLO, you ARE in Vegas.  Get used to it. At least here, you feel like you're getting something for your money as opposed to the Bellagio where ( I personally) felt ripped off for the money I was shelling out.  After staying a week in Vegas and seeing and spending time in other casinos, I can safely and confidently say, that I will never (money allowing) stay anywhere but the Cosmo.  It won me over in every way possible.  I LOVE THE COSMO!!!!!!
4	With all its sleek, stylish, art-inspired, sophistication, I have fallen to its artistic ambiance. This is a place for art lovers. The way it is designed and decorated seems like one would be "in the wrong" but you "are in right". Moving scenes showcased in rows of columns in the lobby. The parking garage, I must say is spiffy with its marked "red light" lighted parking space if occupied by a vehicle and a "green light" over the parking space if unoccupied and one better zooom in that car you are driving to park it before someone else cuts you through from that parking space. Each parking lane have a sign telling you how many parking spaces are available...number comes up in big bold light! of available space! No sense driving through the parking lanes if you see "0" (zero) means no parking space available. Don't you feel like being some place else when you can't just park the car? The access to the hotel from the parking garage is via entrances that are adorned with artistic murals. Clean sophistication greets you as you enter the hotel of several main floors. Oh and beautiful people abounds inside the hotel. The rooms are sleek sophistication as well with a view of the "Strip", the Bellagio fountains and endless view of Las Vegas beyond your eyes can see. The Ice Rink at the Boulevard Pool is a joy to scrape that ice skates on ice overlooking Vegas skyrises and lights. Love the pink cascading crystals of the "Chandelier Bar". Feeling that James Bond Girl persona in the "Vesper Bar". More at being in Vegas, here u feel the high-end vibe, feel like a million!
4	Gorgeous Casino & Hotel.  Lots of great food places here.
4	New, nice casino. Friendly staff. Valet parking is set up nicely. Liberal comps for machine play, tougher at the tables. Buffet is interesting, good selection of tastes.
4	3 nights and 4 days at the Cosmopolitan and I'm a fan.  For sure.  Our room had a balcony and all the perks you'd expect at a nice hotel on the strip.  Super comfy bed, beautiful lobby, separate shower and nice large tub, The Chandelier is gorgeous and has great drinks, of course.  There is, however, a $25/day resort fee which I was not aware of when I made the reservation on hotels.com, but that's my fault for not reading the fine print probably.  But, thanks to that resort fee, the use of the clean, state of the art gym was included with our stay.  The yoga classes were $10 each, which is not bad.  Didn't use room service but did check out Scarpetta.  FANTASTIC.  We'll definitely be going back.
5	The review is for their cool bar and friendly staff.  Service was speedily and drinks were perfect  Great atmosphere too.
1	Chelsea ballroom for Super Bowl Party !Never again!!!!How is it that everyone that got tickets to attend the Super Bowl Party at the Chelsea ballroom and about 100 people left standing.  There were not enough tables and chairs for the guests. It was ridiculous!!  It was so unorganized!!  I had to put two chairs together side by side and three of us sit together, of course the other end girl and myself get to share it with only half of our cheeks.  My husband had to stand during the 1st half of the game.  The other guy went back up to the room and watch the game, my bro in law went out to game at a table, one girl went up to the room and took a nap.  Thats how 7 of us got seating at the end.  And we snatched from other tables too.  Pathetic.!!The food selection was very minimal!!  One small circle and that's it.  No pizza, shrimp cocktails, Haagen dazs ice cream, buffalo wings ran out, No vegetarian food for veggie friend. I could go on... but I'm tired.   I guess we were spoiled by Caesers Palace Super Bowl.  Good Game though.  I'm a Denver fan so I didn't really care who wins.  Although we cheered on Baltimore because half of our friends put their bet on Ravens 1st half and 49ers 2nd half.
4	Absolutely gorgeous hotel!!! However I am taking one star off because for the price I expected the rooms to be a little more unique. However my favorite thing to do at this hotel is have a drink under the chandelier bar. So pretty!!
5	In love.We stayed while we were in town for the Furniture Market. We had a one bedroom suite with a deck, and a japanese soaking tub. It was truly heaven. Check in went pretty smooth, we did it outside at the desk instead of waiting in line. They did give our other group a key to the wrong room! Someone was still staying there. But they gave them a $30 dining credit. Everything about the room was perfect, the furniture, lights, wall paper, etc. Perfect for two girls in their 20's. We had a view of Aria, the empty tower, MGM, etc all the way down that side of the strip. Having a deck in vegas is absolutely amazing! It is worth it just for the outside space. I love going to sleep hearing the city noise. I would 110% recommend staying here to anyone! There are great food choices on the 2nd floor, don't forget secret pizza! Dreaming of coming back soon!
5	Wow!  Cool hip trendy chic hotties abound in this casino/hotel that is off the chains.  You definitely need to dress to the nines, come to impress and be ready to work it when you stay or visit this hotel.Absolutely loved the vibe. Would stay here in LV next time. :)
4	WARNING: This place is somewhat snobbyOk so what did you expect from the hottest and newest hotel/casino on the strip. At night time 85% of people in the casino will be dressed to impress. 85% of people in the casino at night time on a weekend will be from 21-35 years old. This is kind of a young and hip type of spot. I've always been more of a bar guy compared to doing the whole nightclub scene but this place has both of those scenes done very well. The bars have smooth old school type bands playing. If you go outside Marquee nightclub at night, there will almost always be a line and tons of hot girls standing around. Just really love the vibe here. Only reason I give this place 4 stars is that though I love the rooms, I'm not really into gambling there for too long. My last trip to cosmo in December I gambled there for about 2 hours. That's the most I can really do there haha. Like I said...the place is snobby and really I can only put up with so much of it before I head to a more casual spot. That's not Cosmo's fault though...more mine.  Now if you are over 40 then maybe this spot won't fit you too well. Aria and MGM would be better choices. This is really a spot that caters to those of us Youngins out there.... Love the Cosmo and will be back in a couple weeks!
4	The Cosmopolitan continues to be my most favorite Strip property! Despite the few slips in service I've experienced since writing my last, I've seen things improve and change as this relatively new hotel grows into an old favorite. The customer service is above average-I've asked for directions more than once and instead of just telling me, I've actually had someone walk me to my destination. You'd never get that in another Strip hotel and I'm always surprised at the friendliness of the staff there. A couple of times, the staff hasn't been so helpful, but I chalk that up to being uninformed not because they didn't want to help.I've never stayed here, so can only comment on the other ammenities that make the Cosmo unique and fun. Their restaurant collection is still one of the best in town-one of my favorite is Comme Ca. Not only does the place have a killer view, but a seasonally-inspired menu and amazing happy hour. On the other end of the spectrum you have the not-so-secret-anymore pizza joint that puts most local pizza places to shame with its delicious pizza and dare I say it, pretty legit boxed wine!The entertainment here is the real sticking point, whether its the people watching on the casino floor (some really take the Cosmo's tagline of "just the right amount of wrong" to heart), free concerts at one of the bars or ticketed concerts at the Chelsea or Boulevard pool. While they no longer handle ticket sales on their website (booo, but I understand-it was becoming a major sh*tshow for them), the ticket prices for concerts have been relatively cheap, save for big acts like Adele or their NYE shows like The Killers or Red Hot Chili Peppers (2012). They've improved the will call and ticket system in general, but there's still a lot of confusion on concert nights regarding how to actually access the venue, particularly The Chelsea, which I still have a hard time finding sometimes. They need to provide more staffing on site those days AND educate the folks at the concierge and/or certain check points on how to direct people. OR they need to provide instructions on Ticketmaster on how to access the venues-it's not just me wandering around and panicking that I won't get to a concert before it ends because I'm lost in the bowels of the hotel.There's definitely a boutique hotel feel to this corporate conglomerate that you just don't get at other hotels in town. It's fun and funky, catering to the younger crowd of late 20-early 40somethings who want the typical Vegas experience and then some.
4	I liked this place a lot. Great restaurants and great shopping. Our room had a spectacular view of the Bellagio fountains. The Bond bar in front is a perfect place to start an evening. I cannot recommend this place enough.Why only 4 out of 5 you ask?It does not have a very good sports book  AT ALL and no Poker Room. You have to go next door to Bellagio and Aria for that.
5	Easily one of the best places on the strip.  Stayed there recently in one of the Terrace rooms, very comfortable, service and amenities were on point.Pros:-Great Decor, a sort of "old school, new rules" type of vibe-Great Hotel bars.  This is one of the only places in Vegas that you can legitimately bar hop in without having to pay for a wristband of some type.-Great selection of restaurants (including a clutch late night pizza spot).  It's also connected to Aria through the Crystal shop which has an awesome English pub.-Consistently hip and fund crowd, good dealers, and good drink service on the gambling floorCons:-Price.  Like the other hot hotels on the strip, pretty much everything is pretty expensive here, from the table limits right down to the late night pizza.  You get what you pay for though, and hey, it's Vegas
3	Luxury but with a But...The Wicked Spoon buffet was amazing and haute cuisine!   It's pure luxury but don't go gamble at 5 in the morning.  I am an early bird and two out of my three mornings there, (granted one being Saturday and one being Sunday) found left over drunk 20 to 30 somethings sprawled everywhere.  Apparently the two night clubs there are the hottest in town, and by the time they close the kids have nowhere to go.  There was a passed out drunk on a 6 seat roulette machine and the only thing security did while I sat there was poke him to see if he woke up.  I was accosted by  2 different drunks each of those days who wouldn't leave me alone.   I finally cashed out and moved to the other side of the casino.  The frustrating piece is you know they are being watched from above, and you know there are security around.  They did nothing.  Absolutely nothing.  My older 67 year male cousin (I am female) was repeatedly "bumped" as he walked the gauntlet of drunks to the casino, from the floor elevators, and finally had to yell at the guy to "@#$%=off"  You shouldn't have to pay for that kind of treatment. You could get it free or cheaper many places in Vegas.  The neat little coffee bar is right outside one club, and if you go too early, you might have to step over puke.  Seriously.  Too bad.  The rooms are great and so are the shops and most restaurants. As far as good for kids, NO!  The walls have amazing digital art, but there are very full frontal nudes in some of the displays that rotate.  It's cool tho, and looks like they are encased inside a glass pillar as it changes, walking around inside. The room wallpaper is an optical illusion of either just a curvy pattern or two naked women.
5	I absolutely loved it here. The hotel is very high-end modernistic, but still possesses the old school/retro vibe to it. The room was fantastic; we had a one bedroom angled suite with a kitchenette, two bathrooms (both with a shower, one with a Japanese soaking tub which was awesome!), a King sized bed, and a great lounge area in the entrance. The balcony was super nice too, it overlooked the Bellagio fountain and we were on the 57th floor so we could see pretty much the entire strip from Paris north. The hotel staff are super friendly, they upgraded us from a normal baseline room to the suite when I told them it was my girlfriend's birthday (and it was Chinese New Year weekend, so it was moderately packed). What a great place to stay, I will definitely be coming back!
5	I enjoyed it here, had a city room, must admit was a bit nervous after reading the negative reviews on trip advisor. I brought earplugs but didn't need them. LOVED being able to set wake up alarm on tv to turning lights on.  Staff interactions exceeded expectations.
5	Debated between a few hotels on the strip, but wanted modern amenities near the action and got it all here.  JetBlue upgraded us for free to a suite which made the package and stay better than expected.  Close to other attractions, good service, and clean!  For the price, we couldn't be happier
1	With regard to the decor, the place is stunning, the views are amazing, the room is gorgeous, the beds are comfortable and the spa is top notch.  But don't we go to hotels for SERVICE?  The staff was actually very nice, but the way things are run, kept up and managed, i would give ONE star, IF that.Honestly, the people who work there were all lovely.  But on our FIRST day, the TV broke twice, the phone needed fixing, the bathtub needed fixing, the room service table wouldn't fold up - It took FOREVER for anyone to ever answer the phone OR respond to requests. I was told by one lovely tech, "John" that your communication system (whatever it was called) was DOWN for an hour. Meanwhile, I'm having to HOBBLE to the door every time someone knocked due to an injured toe and open an EXTRAORDINARILY HEAVY door for the bath tub maintenance guy, housekeeping for extra hangers we requested about 2 hours prior, the tech who had to come FOUR times, and room service twice (as they didn't send water with no ice, as i requested)  Meanwhile, the tub tech showed up on top of that with hangers because he overheard me complaining to the front desk about my experience in just the first few hours.NOT cool - when they would try to please us with say, a cheese/fruit plate and a bottle of wine before going down to the spa, (ONLY after our very angry complaints where they were CLUELESS as how to "take care of their guests properly" we came back from the spa and would you believe, THEY TOOK IT BACK!???  The FIRST day of our trade show, after all the crap that happened the first night, OUR ROOM WASN"T EVEN CLEAN by 4 PM!  It was OUTRAGEOUS and the manager REFUSED to give my fellow guest the name/number of the higher up, who turns out, she did get on her own (very resourceful girl).  She, by the way, booked the room ON MY REQUEST, as it was my FIRST break since pregnancy from my two year old and I'm EMBARRASSED at what lengths and inconveniences we experienced relocating, having to re-pack, etc.  NIGHTMARE.   We then relocated (and forfeited the next two nights prepaid) to the ENCORE and received 5 star, 5 diamond treatment (and two free nights because she is a big player - but also because they say this happens a lot)  WHAT a difference!!!  Sadly, by the time we got there, it was TOO LATE to have a nice dinner outside of our room.  NOT FUN, okay?As i said, the PEOPLE were lovely, but it is a VERY poorly run, poorly managed hotel and i would NEVER stay there again after this RIDICULOUS experience.  THE SPA, however is AMAZING!
5	I really liked this place. The unique decor and style make this a fun place to stay/hang out. Also this is a pretty fun place to hit the Casino, it just feels different than the others maybe it's because you're not sitting next to large Marge or something.... I don't know.. Anyway, a solid bet.
2	The Cosmo is beautiful on the outside and the slots always look shiny and new. Sadly, the layout, colors, decor, and table games suck. It seems they went for an over-the-top, look how late 80's/early 90's classy we are. The absolute worse part was the casino stench. I'd say about half of the casinos pump in a certain "House scent", but this place REEKS of a nasty smokey smell as if someone maybe set bubble gum on fire or something. All decorations just look cheap to me, like what elegant was, not what it is or will be.
1	The worst hotel service ever!!! We booked a one bedroom terrace suite for 3 nights from Feb 15 - 18. All paid for in advance since we booked it through a third party website.  When we checked in, they automatically downgraded us to a standard room WITHOUT telling us and credit $100 to our room. We got to our room, we were all surprised and felt that we were being cheated. We came down to confront with the front desk, they told us that their hotel rooms were all sold out. It is not much that they can do. After 2 hours at the front desk, they finally agreed to give us the room that we reserved by tomorrow.  If we didn't know, we would be cheated out of this reservation since we paid $300/night. We had 2 room altogether. They claim to be 5 stars hotel but their service is like a mob type of service.
5	This is the type of hotel experience you expect when you go to Vegas. There are limos and town cars everywhere as you walk into the lobby with it's blaring music and crowded bars. Your handed some champagne and your luggage is whisked away while you check in so they can get you to the casino as quickly as possible.This is where I diverge from most people, I head straight upstairs to get an a massive goat cheese cheeseburger from Holsteins. Anyways, I've diverged.The rooms are amazing, I highly recommend the Bellagio-fountain-facing rooms on the upper floors with the massive wrap around patios. I was there last on the 4th of July so it was great to watch the fireworks show as the fountains were going off.The outdoor spaces were also spectacular. Reserving some seats at the pool was a steal with the massive food and beverage credit they give!
2	Let me start by saying I really wanted to love the Cosmo. I wanted it to be amazing.  Really. Gorgeous property.  Great vibe and energy.  Alas, beauty really is only skin deep.  If you don't want to read this sad tale just skip to the bottom for a few hints on what to do and not to do here. To start, they were understandably overbooked.  I get it.  Vegas on a long weekend. My issue is how the management and front desk handled (mishandled) the situation.The first hint should have been the incredible long wait to check in.  When we finally got to the front of the line we discovered that the wait was long because no one was being told what the problem was.  Be up front!  We finally had to guess.  We were a group with three rooms, two suites and a king.  We were told no suites were available until tomorrow night and that we would need to take a double for the night and move to a suite the following night.  No offer of any compensation. Two drinks when we asked.Here's the kicker. The king ends up in a gorgeous suite for the entire stay.  The two suites stay in doubles the first night and move into suites the next night, ours being a handicapped suite with an un-stocked mini-bar.  We don't know it's a handicapped suite until we move ourselves...no offer of help.   Again...be upfront!I'm leaving out lots of details and conflicting stories from the staff but you get the point. BTW the mini-bar never did get stocked.Two stars because the concierge and bell staff are excellent. Lots going on at night. Beautiful property. Henry's is good for 24 hour food. Blue Ribbon Sushi is outstanding.  Great coffee at Va Bene.  Don't waste your time with Comme Ca.
4	Best Bang for your buck.Marquee is one of the top clubs.Rooms offer the most space for the price. In the middle of the strip.Don't like to gamble there due to amount of young people that come sit on your table and mess up the hands in blackjack.Pet friendly hotel.
5	I love it here.I've been going to Vegas for years, and there is always a churn of what is the place to be, and what is growing old.For me, the Cosmopolitan is where I want to be in Vegas these days. The Aria, next door, looks great on the outside, but on the inside is just sort of blah - that said, The Aria seems great for a large number of people, and I'm probably just being snobby.But The Cosmopolitan even passes my strongest snobbery tests.Location-wise, it is excellent - between Bellagio and Aria/Crystals. The interior decor is fantastic - cool art, moving video installations, and even the parts that sound like they would be tacky (huge multiple story hanging crystal chandelier bar) are actually pretty cool.Bond bar is tiny but fun (gets crowded fast on weekends) with its go-go dancers, Vesper by the check-in is great for people watching. The Henry has 24 hour food and isn't too expensive (although I'm sure you can find the same thing cheaper in another casino), and the decor is great in there (if you like leather couches). Holsteins has great higher end hamburgers and milkshakes with alcohol (not great for families, I guess).All of the bars in the place make good cocktails, if you want that sort of thing, or they can do the standard well drink sort of thing if you don't care (one time through I just wanted the standard Vegas "diet Red Bull and Grey Goose" and they did that all night for us - the past time through they put up with my snobbish requests for a better old fashioned.The room was so much bigger and nicer than I expected as well, which was great as I just got the cheapest thing they had at the time. Two decent sized flat screens, a balcony (from the outside, you can see not every room has one - but I didn't pay extra for it, so not sure how that works). Huge shower/tub area, and a kitchen area with a mini-bar. Couch area, office, and then you have a $25 a night "resort fee" that gets you wireless everywhere in the casino.There is a three person concierge area for the normal people, and then also a Platinum and VIP area with more features if you are one of those types. They can help get you into shows/clubs.There is a big club in the casino, but that isn't really my thing, so I don't know how that is. From my room I could see the big pool, but it was too cold out to use - was on the roof of a lower level (either 4 or 14, don't recall which).That said, they dropped the ball in a few spots:1) check-in lines were crazy on Fri-Sun (no idea why Sunday was crowded) - even though they have over 10 lines to handle people and even some self-check-in terminals2) the gaming area isn't amazing (not really a concern for me, as I'm not huge into gaming) - but their slots don't fit in with the decor and are sort of lame, and just not a huge gaming floor (I didn't check out their poker room on this past trip, but that is usually my main thing - and to be honest, I am not sure they even have one)3) some days, room service never came by (to their credit, we didn't call down and ask either)4) someone stole our "do not disturb sign" and the hotel never put it back (to their credit, we didn't call down and ask)5) even when room service came, they didn't always replenish the shampoo and the like, and didn't always put away the iron/ironing board (the latter is actually fine by me, as cleaning staff always empty the iron when they do that, and I'm lazy and don't want to refill it)6) one night the elevators didn't work to go down - we were on the 36th floor, so stairs were not a fun prospect - but they happened to have someone on the maintenance staff there to let us into a back elevator for staffNot sure if you can request it, but I think the higher up you are, the better - as some reviews talk about the nightclub being loud - we were too high up to hear.It will be my casino of choice for now for sure.And please, please, please don't bring your kids here.It might be good for kids for all I know - but I don't want to see/hear them.
4	Overall, I think The Cosmopolitan is one of the best resorts in Vegas. I'll start with the many positives:-Excellent modern design-Courteous and understanding staff (with the exception of some of the housekeeping staff)-Large variety of eateries and shops on the second and third floors away from the super busy and smokey casino floor -Super high tech! You can control everything from the TVs in your room-STUNNING views looking out at most of the strip and the Bellagio fountains! (This upgrade will cost you more). Our room on the 57th floor even had a balcony with a comfortable lounge mini sofa.-The Identity membership is totally worth it. Even though everything is pricey in the hotel, signing up for this program will give you cash back to use at pretty much any of the places inside the hotel during your stay-Great central location on the strip (smack in the middle of the main action (close to Bellagio, Paris, Planet Hollywood, etc). -Right next to City Center -They even have Tennis Courts on the 14th floor next to the gym and pool. The gym is also pretty high tech and largeThere were also a few negatives though:-They were SUPER CROWDED on President's Day Weekend (this is understandable, but they needed more CoStars (their customer service reps) at the Front Desk! Seriously! The lines were crazy long to check in! -While all the high tech elements are cool, they often stopped working or were buggy (our TVs went black or fuzzy often). They also had a problem with their phone system while we were here. We tried to call the front desk and were put on 20 minute holds every time! To their credit, we complained at check out and they comped one of our charges at The Wicked Spoon Buffet.-The housekeeping staff was a little rude and pushy. They wanted to clean our room in the morning, and they knocked at least three times all within an hour. Can't they just come back a little later in the afternoon?-The design of the rooms is a little odd (they are very spacious, but there's a random kitchen with a microwave and a dishwasher smack in the middle of the room. They had to install two TVs in each room because the kitchen takes up the space in the center. This is a little funky.Overall, a great destination in Vegas. I would definitely recommend it! Splurge for the Bellagio Fountain view. It's totally worth it.
4	I am a huge fan of this hotel, since it has be built I wanted to visit and recently I had the chance to book a room here.The inside is a little overdone, but then again it what the location is about. Located right in City Center in the middle of the strip pretty much everything is with-in walking distance from the hotel.My room on the 60th floor had one of the best views of Las Vegas blvd, and a balcony with stunning views of bellagios famous water fountains; however, costed me an extra $75 (off season) to my room cost... but was well worth it!The room has multiple tv's and a lounge area , safe, refrigerator with no space to store anything and everything is on censors so beware opening it up (I had a bottle of goose fly right onto the ground when opening it). There is a giant desk and other odds and ends you wont find in most strip hotels like on tv terminator , lights, and among other options. I wouldn't say the food options are that great here... I tired the wicked spoon and left wanting more from my visit. Additionally the shops weren't too attractive and felt more compelled to shop at Aria's / city center mall than Comso's.  OH, and the room had terrible water pressure... the showers were OK but the faucets had zero pressure; tub included. Pools were small, and though it was off season one was open but surely doesn't rival the Caesars or Rehab... No worthy nightclubs here to speak of....Casino wise is the smallest I entered the entire time I was in Vegas, was extremely unimpressive. After walking through it to the East-tower I went to everywhere else because of the limited size of gaming offered. 4 stars, desk , door and other services were good.
5	I'm not a gambler.  At all.  Because I'd rather shop than lose and I know I'll never win.  But I do love the glitz and eye candy that is Cosmopolitan.  From the chandelier to the giant shoe you really can't get bored at a place like this.  And there are fantastic restaurant offerings like STK, Jaleo and others.  There are also several very swank, very hip bars scattered around.  I found that Cosmopolitan catered to a little different crowd than some of the other spots and, somehow, smelled less of cigarette smoke which is a plus in my book!
4	So I'm probably delusional.....but I had an idea of the old school "classy Sinatra" Vegas---where dames and gents dressed up in suits and dresses.....and tacky & trashy only existed in back alley's---- However, my boyfriend tells me the quality of the most expensive hotels has greatly decreased over the years---but The Cosmopolitan keeps up with worldly design, nice atmosphere, and removed their cheesy carpets years ago. I stayed in the suite on the 38th floor.......very nice. They were lacking with hand soap, shampoo, and conditioner.....but other than that..... the hotel rooms are beautiful!!! The casino isn't that spectacular.....but the buffet at Wicked Spoon will definitely satisfy your appetite.
4	Stay here for the big upscale rooms an location, not the casino. Food spots are just ok. Good value on the rooms- great views- and balconies! You'll have to go off campus for food and gambling. The bars in this place are ok. My 4/5 is a reflection of the Cosmo as a hotel.
4	Loved the chandeliers all around the hotel! The multi-levels have plenty of shopping & dining options. Everything was clean. Casino was nice. New & modern. You can see the outside pool/bar area from the Strip. It is in a great location on the Strip & you can see the Bellagio's water show from the hotel. It is located next to the City Center, as well as the other newer hotels.
2	I booked the Cosmo by bidding through Priceline, so I didn't pick it specifically. The problem for me with this hotel is that it seems to be aimed at 20-somethings, which I'm definitely not. If you want a hotel that's very slick, modern, and hip, this is probably the hotel for you. If you don't like super-busy, noisy places, or want something more understated (I know, it's Vegas), go elsewhere. My biggest complaint was with a weird, periodic noise in my room (it almost sounded like a vuvuzela) that made sleeping very difficult, and the service I received to deal with it. The first time I called about it, no one came after about an hour, at which point I left. The second time, in the middle of the night, the engineer couldn't find the source of the problem, but the front desk wouldn't move me. Finally, later that night, when I still couldn't sleep, I called again, and they agreed to move me to a different room (which was quieter but still not very, due to nightclub music).The fitness center was nice, but I don't know if I'd call it 5-star, and the Wicked Spoon is a decent buffet, but nothing compared to the Mirage's. I suppose that a lot of people who stay at this hotel don't sleep much there anyway, but if you're not that type, I recommend someplace else.
4	I just got home, and the stay was overall very good. I arrived at 2pm and the room was net ready until 4pm. They called me and sent me a text that the room was ready! The best part of the room was the balcony, no one else has had this and it was great! I was in room 5104, and it did not face the Bellagio fountains, but it had sun, and was warm and comfortable in 55 degree weather.I never waited for service at the restaurants, and by the way, best pizza for lunch in Las Vegas! Staff was very helpful and friendly, and the dealers at the tables were great!The room was average for the price. But that balcony was killer!
1	My first experience at Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas was a 5. I told myself that I would never stay anywhere else on the strip. Here it is, one year later, and after the stay I had this week, I will never go back. Consistency is the key to success and it is obvious that the experience you will receive at the Cosmopolitan is not consistent. As I entered the room I noticed the carpet at the entry way of the room was coming apart. The privacy screen to the bathroom was broken. The sink in the bathroom was cracked. IT services was called to my room twice to get the tvs working. When I ordered room service for breakfast, the sausage was raw on the inside. The icing on the cake was the housekeeping or lack of housekeeping. I left my room at 10am. I returned at 5pm with the expectation that my room would be clean and ready for company. To my surprise, housekeeping had not cleaned my room, AT FIVE PM, I STILL HAD A FILTHY ROOM WITH DIRTY TOWELS ON THE GROUND. I was supposed to have people over that night and my plans were ruined. Oh, I almost forgot the best part, the bathtub jets turned on, by themself, every couple of hours and through the night. The room was poor quality and the attempt at service recovery was pathetic. A $150 food and beverage credit??? Really? After $1000 at CRSVR, spending $1000 in the casino and $900 on the room and food? No no no. Never again. The Cosmo has lost its touch. I will not be back there ever again and I will make sure everyone I know stays somewhere else as well.
5	stayed at the cosmopolitan on a weekend away with friends. The hotel is fantastic in pretty much all ways. Modern and sleek this is the hotel for those seeking a trendy stylish space without gimmick and a young crowd- as opposed to the older family feel at the Bellagio and many of its peers. There is plenty of eye candy all around this place. The cosmopolitan Service was good throughout and staff was friendly and eager to assist in all cases. Check in was quick and efficient and the desk worked with us to provide a room with our preferences. Over the course of a weekend you could eat in a different restaurant each meal and still not have experienced them all, top names and food of a consistently high quality, and if your a club fan marquee draws a great crowd. Def go check it out!
5	My boyfriend proposed to me in room 5798, and I said yes, and I'm the happiest girl in the whole world. Ask for that room! The balcony looks out over the Bellagio fountains and Eiffel Tower, and if you leave the curtains open, sunlight will stream in and warm the most comfortable bed you've ever slept in. I didn't win any money gambling last weekend, but I swear this is the luckiest room on the Las Vegas strip.
5	From the moment you walk into the lobby, you know you've stepped into another world.The first thing you'll notice is the lobby pillars appear to have naked people and in some cases wolves, trapped inside them, beckoning you to touch them. I knew this was going to be anything but ordinary. If you could take sexy and turn it into brick and mortar you'd have the Cosmopolitan. The check-in process was seamless and upstairs we went to our spacious oversized room complete with Bigelow toiletries and peek-a-boo shower. Not to mention the kinky little mini-bar offerings, so cheeky! The room was spotless and decorated beautifully, contemporary with a touch of old Vegas days gone by. We will be back!!
2	If you are into partying and insanity, this is the place for you.If you are over 25 and want to enjoy Las Vegas, this is NOT the place for you.We ate at several places in Cosmo so we were in here often but we just went in to eat and left.  Freaking insane!   People were falling down drunk, people were half naked (and not in a good way), and we saw arrests on several occasions.  Leave Cosmo to the teeny boppers and head over to Aria or anywhere else for that matter.
2	It's a pity I have to leave lower stars, because I do like the building and the staff is friendly / restaurants are great.My Low stars comes mainly from the fact that the two times I stayed there, I paid good money to get premium views in the best rooms and even checked in ahead of time to make sure that we got the views -- but promises were not kept and upon arrival we were put in different rooms. This last time, it caused us to stay in our room almost the whole first day waiting around for them to put us in the room they promised us in the first place.The second thing that got me a little concerned is that both of the rooms we had this last time had seriously stained sheets, and it's obvious what kind of stain it was.. gross.Overall, I wont be staying here anymore, which is unfortunate -- again, there is a lot of good potential here, so long as they clean their act up in these areas mentioned above.
5	This has been my favorite hotel in Vegas since it opened.  Why are people complaining about the price? Get over it, it's an expensive spot, if you can't afford it, don't stay here or go to their dining spots!  If you can afford it, this place is def worth it, I usually see more of a younger crowd, even in the casino and I would NOT book this hotel for my parents.  I love Marquee, Wicked Spoon, Secret pizza, Holsteins, China Poblano, Overlook grill- pretty much all the restaurants are above average.  Now the important part- the rooms are thoughtfully decorated and the interior design is so fresh futuristic and trendy.  If you can upgrade to a small suite it's nice to have a Japanese style tub (fits 3 people easily) overlooking Las Vegas.  They also have rooms overlooking Bellagio and you are able to see the water show from the balcony.The pool area is not the biggest, and the daytime pool party was a bit of a shit show last time I was there, good music- but I wasn't brave enough to get into the water.Overall it's a fun hotel, if you're looking for a good time, partying, and all sorts of different characters.
5	It's hard to put into words the experience I got from staying at the Cosmo, but I will try to do my best and make it as short and sweet as possible!! I can easily say that this was the best room I have ever had... or will have in a long, long time! I booked through Lasvegas.com for a 3 night stay at a Studio Terrace room. When we were checking in, the AWESOME guy who was helping us, asked if we would like an upgrade on the studio terrace with a view of the Bellagio Fountains for $25/per night. THE BEST $75 I HAVE EVER SPENT...!!! Seriously... we didn't want to leave our room. You also get a free, small bottle of water which is nice of them, but then again, this hotel can def afford it. Anyway, our studio was amazing in every way possible. There is a huge bathroom, with a shower, soaking tub, and a separate toilet room. There is also a living room with a couch/desk, and the bedroom that is connected to the balcony. Everything is connected to a remote, so from turning on and off the lights to the XM radio on both flat screen TVs. Just one pointer i have to make, and we were def warned about this, but i am not sure how seriously we took him. The minibar/food in the room is all wired, so even if you move the food just a bit, the hotel may charge you right away. We were just messing around, looking through what we got and trying to find room for the food I brought from home, and i was immediately changed $75. Not exactly sure what the $75 was for, but all the food/drinks are hella expensive in the room. Anyway, we called the front desk right away and they removed the charges almost immediately, so the customer service we had at the hotel was great. Like I said, our first night we were really tired and the view was so amazing, that we didn't want to leave. We ended up ordering room service which was brought to us hot and fresh within 30 minutes. The guy bringing the food even gave us a couple extra items for free, so nice touch :) We were starving, but the food was excellent and I was incredibly happy with our entire experience to that point. The hotel itself is jaw dropping gorgeous... it's hard to put in words exactly everything it has to offer, but it's def a site to see. I can't comment on the casino since I don't really gamble, but I would probably recommend to go elsewhere to play. I don't think this hotel's main focus is on gambling, especially since I overheard that it's the only hotel that has a straight path from one side to the other, so people don't get mixed up at the slot machines/tables. We didn't get a chance to check out any of the pools because it was too cold, but I cannot wait to be back and party at the Marquee Day club. Speaking of Marquee, it was def a HUGE plus that all we had to do is take the elevator down to the club, but I really did not like the club at all - i have a separate review for Marquee. As for food, when I was in Vegas two years ago, my family and I dined at Comme Ca and it was delicious from what I can remember.  Besides room service, i briefly checked out Holstein's and ordered food to go before a night out in Marquee. I ended up ordering the wrong thing though, and though it was good, I was disappointed. But I will def be back to this burger bar next time because the menu is insane! At 5 am, we decided to go check out Secret Pizza, but also to our disappointment, they were already closing. So, I def have a list of things to eat next time I am there. Cosmo's location is absolutely perfect - right smack in the middle of the strip. It's very easy to get to other hotels from there and there a couple Walgreens/CVS very close as well. I am still in awe of this hotel, and I truly cannot wait to come back and experience it all over again. Thank you Cosmopolitan for giving us one hell of a weekend!
5	Best. I love staying here, it's a beautiful hotel that is catered to young people  / women. There are beautiful chandeliers and sexy couches. Everyone takes a picture by the stiletto statue. The hotel rooms are very nice and we even got upgraded to a Park Avenue Suite! So awesome. It has a good selection of restaurants: from cheap eats (Secret pizza place) to italian food with a great view (Scarpetta) to burgers and shakes (Holsteins).It's also convenient because the night club, Marquee, is here. No need to worry about taxi'ing back to your hotel at the end of the night. My friend got separated from us and since she was a hotel guest, she got cordially escorted from Marquee to her  hotel room in Cosmo, how nice is that?
5	This place is the ishhhh! Every time my fiance and I come to Vegas we stay here, and it gets better every time! The secret pizza kitchen is really good, and I love chillin' in the Boulevard Pool...Oooh and try to get a room with a view of the Bellagio fountainOh! And their elevators are super cool. We reached the 77th floor in like 5 sec.
2	I love the decor of this place and the rooms are very classy, but beware of the agents trying to upgrade you.  We were bambozilled.  They offered a upgrade which we perceived as just 400 bucks, but it was like 400 in addition to the 100 we already had for our reservation.  I recommend whatever prices they give you make sure to get a copy before you go to your room, because if we didnt ask we would have been stiffed with a $1300 night stay.  The pools there are for show haha I am a little fat and the pools I saw I don't think I could even lay down in the pool to cover my fat. I would have to lay face down to try to hide it. LOL.  Lots of sexy women during the summer walking all around the hotel in the bikinis.  It makes it hard to concentrate sometimes  gambling, but I don't mind.  The gym is awesome they have some high end equipment and with TV's and stuff the shows you how to use the high end equipment.  There is even a boxing ring and a Tennis court.  I only wish you could use the Steam room or sauna, but they hotel says that's a different company from them.  I would think use of the steam room or sauna would be covered in the resort fee,I would stay again at this place maybe if they offered me a better deal.  I have stayed at other hotels all around vegas 5 star hotels, but never had the upgrade scam done to me like that.
2	I was very excited to stay at The Cosmopolitan for my "Dirty 30" celebration.  And I REALLY REALLY wanted to like it here, but the Cosmo left MUCH to be desired.  We booked the wrap around terrace suite with hopes of booking the attached room.  We did this several months ahead and a week before our trip got an email that we canceled the reservation (which we didn't).  Customer service was unapologetic and offered us no comps.  The bf checks in early into the suite and I am hurriedly trying to forget i have an 8-5 day and catch a later flight.  They wont check us into the attaching room without my credit card as the extra room is on my card.  (Yet they are so quick to cancel our reservations when it wasn't us who did it).  As I cab in, there are several people picketing in front of the hotel and I starting to understand why.  One gem (one star) is the the ONE guy that treated us like human beings Mr. Joe Castro.  He was amazing!  Made several recommendations and welcomed us warmly.The suite itself was beautiful.  Our room, though unattached, was across the hall.  The balcony alone gets (one star).My beautiful sister wanted to pamper me and called in to schedule me a pedicure at their spa and they were quite rude to her.  (the theme here is that the venue is beautiful but service sucks).  The pedicurist was nice but didn't bother telling me that my sister had already tipped her and gladly took a double tip from me.We tried to get bottle service at Marquee and thought they would accomodate us since we stayed there and didn't get a response till the day of and then told it would be $2500 for 3 people.  Of course we didn't do that but the club itself was fun.My people bought me a beautiful $80 cake which the concierge recommended.  We also got pizzas from the secret pizza place.  All which was thrown away, barely touched, but housekeeping the night we went to Marquee. The front desk was also unapologetic about this.All in all, Cosmo is like a pretty girl who promises she's going to give you the night of her life, but ends up just jerkin' you off, leaving you unsatisfied and wanting more.
5	We stopped in for a drink before dinner. The bar under the stairs was world class! I ordered an old fashion, which was the best I have ever had. We sat at the bar and I got to watch them- they knew what they were doing and did it very well. My drink was $16 and made with super premium bourbon, a freshly cut orange peel and high quality cherry (not expected). I also had a beer, which was $8. Lesson I learned: this is where you go for your premium drinks, skip the simple beers!
5	*** NO RESORT FEE ***DATE: Sunday, February 26, 2012 - Tuesday, February 28, 2012ROOM TYPE: Terrace One Bedroom (Fountain View)LENGTH OF STAY: 2 nightsRATE: -unknown- (Company Trip)DATE: Tuesday, August 7, 2012 - Friday, August 10, 2012ROOM TYPE: Wraparound Terrace SuiteLENGTH OF STAY: 3 nightsRATE: $172.82/night after taxes @ http://hotels.com + Tip___________________________________::::: TERRACE ONE BEDROOM - 4/5 :::::We were here for a company trip - specifically, for team building and a little competitive analysis (or something), which makes sense for a mobile social gaming start-up.... right?Beautiful room, though it seems rather small once you've stayed at the Wraparound Terrace Suite. I'd say size-wise and layout-wise, it's comparable to the standard king room at the Encore. There's a sofa bed in the living room, which makes sharing a room with 2 other people possible. Also, I LOVE the balcony w/the wicker lounger..::::: WRAPAROUND TERRACE SUITE - 5/5 :::::The Wraparound Terrace Suite was incredible. I booked it for my birthday trip, which we celebrated the night before (for the countdown to 12am) in a private cabana overlooking the Strip at the Surrender in the Wynn, where Sultan & Ned Shepard were playing.There's a bar, a sitting area, 2 bathrooms, a gorgeous tub where my husband prepared a bubble bath for me on my birthday, and two wicker loungers outside, one for each side of the L-shaped balcony.So far, of all the hotels I've stayed at in Vegas, I'd say this is easily my ULTIMATE FAVORITE. But ONLY if you're staying in one of the SUITES & manage to find it for less than $250/night. Based on the candid pictures and descriptions by some of my family, Cosmopolitan's standard City Room looks cramped and basic for Vegas standards.___________________________________NOTE: I've always visited any combination of at least 3 of the following places on each Vegas trip I take, regardless of where I was staying at the time.::::: PLACES WORTH VISITING AT THE COSMOPOLITAN :::::* CHANDELIER (Lounge)           - My first choice for cocktails, conversation, and general lounging in Las Vegas. On four separate occasions, I was still lounging with a friend until they closed the bar and a little beyond sunrise, after which I move to Vesper downstairs - also delish. * VESPER (Lounge)          - The gorgeous tall and tan female bartender w/short hair makes a kick-ass custom cocktail that includes Rumchata, Nutella, Coffee, Baileys, and Kahlua. YUM.* WICKED SPOON (Buffet)           - One of my top 2 buffet picks. Really, this place is unlike any other Las Vegas buffet. They don't only focus on the array of food, but also the quality and flavor in each dish. That's what sets them apart from the many other buffets on the Strip.* MARQUEE (Club)           - My favorite club in Las Vegas. Lots of great world-famous DJs play here - I've been here to see Gabriel & Dresden. Although I'm accustomed to clubbing in Jakarta, where I've always had a private table and usually a security guard by our table.. well, when I went to Marquee I didn't book a table (since I was in Vegas with only one friend) and still had a good time. It can get very crowded.* HOLSTEINS (Restaurant)           - Spiked milkshakes! Also, the pork belly buns and billionaire burger.* THE HENRY (Restaurant)           - Bloody Mary and truffle tater tots..* SCARPETTA (Restaurant)           - Foie gras ravioli. I mean, really.
5	LOVE, LOVE, LOVE!!!I've visited the Cosmopolitan many times for drinks and whatnot and think that it is an amazing property, but I'm SO happy that I finally got to stay here! The rooms definitely live up to my expectations. Thankfully, were able to get an early check in. The line was a little long, but the moving art in the lobby helps to pass the time. My favorite was the naked people, lol.We had a Terrace Suite in the West Tower, and it was beautiful. Artfully decorated, lovely living room area, gorgeous bedroom, comfortable beds, those famous bathrooms with the peek-a-boo shower/tub, and a balcony.  I wish we could have stayed longer.
5	I love it here. The service is EXCELLENT and I feel like a queen whenever I get the privilege of staying here. Rooms are clean and stylish. I've stayed here three times now and the best room I've had so far was the one with a Japanese soak tub and a balcony that is on the upper levels on the Marquee side of the building. Seriously, you feel like you're livin' the life when you're standing on your balcony at 3am in the morning listening the beats coming from below.
4	This hotel is SO SEXY!!  I would like to stay here everytime!  And would give it 5 stars based on that alone.  HOWEVER, the service is debatable.  We were checked into a very dirty room.  It took them over 2 hours to get us another room, that was smaller and smelled of cigarette smoke.  It then took another hour and some tears to actually get a clean room.  That was significantly smaller than our first.  :(  We maybe spoke to a manager once, and had to re tell our story EVERY TIME we talked to someone new.  It seemed as tho people really wanted to help, but there just was not enough communication or staff to keep up with how busy is was.  I want to stay here again because it is so pretty, but not sure I can get past the disorganized service.
5	Best Casino. Best Hotel in LV.
5	The Cosmopolitan definitely exceeded all of my expectations for a hotel room. We had originally booked a basic "City View" room but upon arrival we were upgraded to a Terrace room with a balcony in the West Tower. We had a perfect view of the Bellagio fountains and the strip from our balcony which was AMAZING night and day. We had planned to be out and about most of the time but when our feet were tired from endless walking we were actually excited to come back to our room to relax. This hotel is pure class and the staff was amazing from check in to check out. My friend forgot her toothbrush so we called and they delivered one plus two extra robes free of charge right to our room in the middle of the night. We had booked a later flight and the bellhops were fabulous and not only stored our luggage but made us feel like royalty when we came back later to claim our bags and sent us off to the airport. This will definitely be my hotel of choice next time!
3	My first trip to Vegas was for work. I was pleasantly surprised by the appearance of the Hotel. Its modern and hip and located right in the middle of the strip. The check in process was strange. When I arrived at the counter the girl asked for a credit card for incidentals, which I provided. She then asked did I want to "upgrade" for $60? I said what do I get for $60? she said we can upgrade your room.  I said upgrade my room for $60 total? She said no, $60 a night.  After I declined she asked me to initial the box on the monitor in front of me that I agreed to pay a $28 dollar a day resort fee. I asked what does the resort fee cover? She said use of the gym and wireless internet.  I asked if it was optional, she said no. So why not include it in the rate? After I checked in I had the opportunity to walk the hotel. Its beautiful. My room was spectacular with a great view of the Bellagio. The Hotel had some cool bars in it and also a couple good restaurants. Accessing the strip was a breeze just walk through the casino and your there. The valet service was great, really friendly and knowledgeable about the city. Stay was good but at check out it kinda went sideways again. Front desk informs me we have mini bar charges. I'm positive I didn't and told her so and she removed them form the bill but this happened to all 11 people I was traveling with. all in all Nice Hotel in a great location. I would return.
4	My first impression of Cosmo when I first visited this Hotel/Casino is their parking garage. Each parking stall has the green lights and red lights indicating if a spot is open.  Really cool and convenient.  Just keep in mind that bikes do not trigger the sensors.  So don't get too excited about thinking you got a close spot or you'll get motid like me.  As for the casino floor itself, simply modern, sleek, and beautiful.  In the center of this casino is their infamous Chandelier.  During the day, this casino is tame.  But during the night, all the black outfits come out.  The casino floor level is about drinks and gaming. The 2nd level is where the night life action is going on.  During a Friday and Saturday night, the 2nd floor is packed.  Also, don't be surprised to see a celebrity or two while visiting this place.
5	My third stay here and I fall in love all over each time lol. There's just something about being on that spacious balcony listening to the crisp sound of Bellagio fountain among a gentle balance of the noisy  traffic and Vegas crowd bellow. I almost don't want to leave the room just for that sole purpose. I could stay on that balcony for hours just chillin hahaha. I've now found my alltime favorite drink at the Vesper bar. I suggest you try "one night in Bangkok" . Pure amazeballs!!!!I didn't like the Chandelier much other than the fact it's pretty for pictures. They don't have much selections of specialty drinks. We ended up ordering a screw driver and a long island, which were a waste because that's what I drink while gambling ... for 10$ cheaper. Other than the beutiful room, what I love most about this hotel is its convenience. We walked right next door to go to the Bank nightclub at the Bellagio, you could walk across to Walgreens or Planet Hollywood for earl's sandwhich, and you definitely don't want to miss the Wicked spoon buffet. Plus Marquee is right downstairs. Can't wait for my next stay here!
5	Beautiful hotel and all of the staff was incredibly helpful and nice.  We had a small issue with our room and they took care of it immediately and thoroughly and gave us an appropriate credit for our inconvenience. I love the room decor and the balcony view can't be beat!!!!  Also the breakfast buffet was delicious - best I have had in Vegas. This will be the ONLY place I stay in Vegas from now on
1	Unhappy workers and the owner possibly looking to unload the property.  Might explain the terrible service I've received there.  Beautiful place, but really god-awful service.  Interesting article:http://omg.yahoo.com/news/98-arrested-union-protest-las-vegas-strip-020401500.htmlKnocked off a star for management and/or ownership apparently being so inept that they now have their own workers picketing and disrupting business.  Get a clue guys, or hurry up and have someone step in who knows how to run a hotel/casino.
5	I can sum my experience up in one word...SEXY!! I recently had the pleasure of staying here with my hubby for 1-night and I fell in love! Everything about this hotel is gorgeous. From the moment you walk in the front door it's a fun, sophisticated/sexy energy. The hotel also doesn't have that overpowering cigarette smell that most casino's have. I cheked-in during peak Check-In / Checkout time so it was a little bit of a cluster. However the staff did their absolute best to be pleasant and accommodating. A hostess even served us little Cosmopolitan bottles of water while we waited in line:) All of my (little) frustration with the check-in process was immediately put to rest when I arrived to my room. We stayed in a King Terrace Studio located on the 24th Fl. WOWZERS! The room was massive and immaculately clean. I was actually shocked my how large the room was. We had a full sized sectional with a plasma TV in the living area. I'd describe the decor as sleek, modern and glamorous - unlike any other hotel I've ever stayed at in Vegas. The Balcony was also huge with a view of the pool. Unfortunately, I wasn't on the Bellagio fountain side - the pool view was still cool! The bed was beyond comfortable and the linens were amazing! Since we were only here for 1-night, I didn't have an opportunity to explore the hotel in it's entirety:( We did swing by Chandelier for a late night cocky-tail:) This is one of the most stunning bars I've ever seen! The humongous chandelier is breathtaking! I wasn't crazy impressed by my drink, but I was kinda more consumed with the bar itself.Overall, I can't find anything negative to say about this hotel. I'll most definitely be staying here the next time I'm in Vegas.
4	Went back again this year and still great!
4	Love the chandeliers here.  Makes it feel fun and like I stepped into Sex and the City 3.  This is strictly a review of the Casino and the ambiance.  I was not able to partake in being a hotel guest this time around.The atmosphere feels very posh and high end.  And whoever designed those chandeliers probably doesn't have to dust them, that looks like a full time job.  I can picture their business card now, "Cosmopolitan Chandelier Cleaner and Expert".  A bunch of great bars inside and the Wicked Spoon Buffet is here as well, albeit a bit of a trek to get to, that was like a maze.  I felt like people were watching us and laughing as we had to back track multiple times.  Casino offers lots of slot variety and although I played I did not win big.  I would recommend the Cosmo to the younger and more youthful crowd as this seems to offer the backdrop for a fun packed evening.
4	Cosmos the "cool" place to be in Vegas!So it is cool to be here, but that also means it is busy.  Sometimes VERY busy...like over hour waits for some of the food spots.But the good thing is, there are tons of good bites to eat here, ranging from inexpensive to crazy expensive.  Something for every wallet and palate here.I've checked out Marquee dayclub before too, and the setting and eye candy is great.  They also have THE best poolside food I've had...including an amazing prime rib sandwich!  Yes, amazing!We got to check out the rooms for a party the other night, and they got the one bedroom corner suite style room...the one with the wrap around balcony.  The balcony itself is amazing, and the views are great being central on the strip.  The rooms were nice, but I am really into the darker contemporary look vs the very light theme they have going on here.  Still one of the better rooms on the strip, but you'll pay for it.Cosmo is a must stop while in Vegas, and I have a feeling you will end your night here a few times outta your trip :)
4	So I hadn't been to Vegas in about 4 years. Vegas is VERY ugh to me. Ugh, ewww, or ehhh is usually what comes to my mind when its mentioned. I think any person who travels outside of the usual Mexico/Hawaii/Tahoe vacays will tell you that there are better cities to be/party/eat. I am somewhat of a travel snob. So, I knew if I was going to go back to Vegas for a third time (when I didn't even want to go back for a second time) for a girls weekend that we needed to stay somewhere cool. If I have to be in this god forsaken city, then I need to be in a cool spot or else I am going to lose my mind. The Cosmo repeatedly came up in discussions with friends, coworkers, family, and from what you hear from those who loooove Vegas. Ok, so we booked our rooms - 2 rooms for 4 people. When we arrived at the Cosmo, I have to say I was impressed. (Note that this is huge that I was impressed considering that very little impresses me and I was in Vegas.) The lobby is very nice, trendy, and chic. Whoever did the interior design for this whole hotel did a fab job. The guy who checked us into the hotel was so nice...so nice that he upgraded me and my friends room to a Terrace room facing the strip. Obviously we were two chicks, and he was a straight dude - you get the picture - but still nice. Anyways, the room was really nice, great view. The beds were fantastic. After a long night, the bed was so amazing to settle into. The hotel has really good restaurants, too. It's pretty centrally located on the strip, and the personnel there are so nice. Great stay in a ugh city. I would totally go back and stay here....the only issue is that it's in Vegas.
5	I love, love, LOVE this hotel. This is the first hotel I've stayed in Las Vegas and it set the bar so high. The lobby and it's eclectic rooms and hallways provide a lot of Vegas fun and mischief.  The room I stayed in was very funky with art of stilettoed/fishnet clad legs and a see through shower wall with blinds. This is not your grandmother's Las Vegas hotel and that point is totally made The bedding is to die for: the pillows, the mattress, the comforter...sigh. I still think about that and wish I knew where I could buy them. The bed is definitely one of the hotels highlights. The hotel has some funky finds, like secret pizza. I definitely want to experience other hotels in LV but it's so hard not choosing to go back here every single time.
5	I stayed here on my most recent trip to Vegas and i LOVED, LOVED the Cosmo Hotel. Normally I always go on Vegas trips with large groups of friends and stay at Elara (formerly PH towers) but this time around, it was just my boyfriend and I out there attending a coworkers wedding and wanted to experience a different hotel. We booked the hotel through a Southwest package and got a decent deal for a City Room.The hotel itself is gorgeous, love the decor! Check in wasn't until 3pm but they were able to accommodate us and allow us to do early check-in. There were several people in front of us but the front desk personnel worked fairly quickly to get us taken care of. We didn't know that the "City Room" only comes with 2 Queen beds as a standard. The front desk clerk then made some calls and checked the system and was able to get us a Terrence One-Bedroom Suite as a complementary upgrade. I seriously was not expecting that but it totally made our experience at the hotel THAT much better. (Might I add, it was Nascar weekend and they had a convention going on at their hotel as well.)The Terrance One-Bedroom suite was HUGE for just two people. Tons of mirrors for us girls to get ready in front of. It had a nice Japanese soaking tub, which we really didnt use but i guess it was nice to have. The wallpaper in the toilet room however made me feel a little claustrophobic. We stayed in the East tower which our balcony looked out towards Aria and over Marquee Nightclub. I thought it was going to be loud but surprisingly it wasnt too bad at all. We were on the 38th floor so I'm not sure how the noise level is for other people on the lower floors.The only weird thing i found which was mentioned in some of the other reviews was that there's a peeping tom window? Well more like a peeping tom wall that has blinds that can only be controlled on the other side of the shower which is in the bedroom. I don't know about other people but I'm pretty creeped out the possibility of anyone being able to watch me shower. I would say that this isn't quite the hotel that is good for large groups or sharing with a bunch of friends just cause of how the bathroom/shower layout is but it would definitely be a hotel to experience for a couple. I seriously don't think the location can get in better than at the Cosmo. You're literally upstairs from one of the most popular nightclubs in Vegas at the moment. I can vouch for a lot of girls, the shorter the walking distance in those outrageous heels, the better. There's a Walgreens that's a 4 minute walk from your room (i timed it), 5 minutes away from a 24 hour McDonalds for late night munchies and right next door to the Bellagio water fountains.
4	This was hands down the nicest hotel I have ever stayed in! I just wish I wasn't there for work. I could not believe how huge the room was. I had a terrace room with a pretty good view. The room had a stand up shower (probably would fit at least 4 people) and a HUGE garden tub with jets. It also had a seating area and two flat screen TVs. I loved the decor and the bed was really comfortable. The only thing I wish it had was a coffee maker. The restaurants and bars were also wonderful. The Blue Ribbon Sushi restaurant was probably the best sushi I ever had. (The waiter said they fly in their fresh fish from Japan!) Also a stop at Holsteins for a burger is a must. We went there twice in our three day stay. The hotel staff was also wonderful. They were really helpful, nice and very friendly. I would recommend this hotel to anyone staying on the strip.
4	GORGEOUS hotel - very luxurious and posh.The rooms facing the Bellagio were lavish with an excellent view.The buffet was fantastic and well priced.My only complaint was that the service was sub par ---a maid walked into our room un announced while we were in the shower --YIKES. The front desk was slow -- there is nothing worse than waiting in line for 30 mins to check into your room, when all you want to do is drop off your bags and go hit the pool/bar/strip.Overall, a pretty nice place to stay - centrally located on the strip.
5	I forgot to mention how great all of the restaurants are at this hotel!China PoblanoD.O.C.G.the secret Pizza Place
3	This hotel is alright. Stayed in 1bed terrace wraparound whatever. It was ok. Uncomfortable furniture and not a lot of useful space for the size of the room. Only enough seating for like 3-4 people comfortably. Casino layout sucks, chandaleer bar was cool I guess. Compared to Wynn standard 1 bed tower suite, this place blows.
3	where are all the kittens and little bunnies hopping around?  false advertising!!!aside from the fact that they overcharged us $50, the cosmo is great.  we fancy huh.the casino is small so it's easier to find your drunkard friends, marquee day pool is awesome, and on Monday you can get in free to marquee night club if you stay at the hotel....if you're into that sort of thing.good restaurants (except the pizza spot-NOT worth it) and good location in the middle of the strip.
5	My stay at the Cosmo was from March 20-23 and I was in Vegas for my annual March Madness trip.In short, Cosmo is on a very short list of hotels you must consider. Is it cool? Yes. Are the rooms awesome? Yes. Do they have good places to eat? No, they have GREAT places to eat! Is it easy checking-in and checking-out? Yes. Is it expensive? Well, it's not cheap.Seriously, if you want a great place to stay in Vegas that has everything that you could possibly need within the property itself, Cosmo is it. I had the terrace studio room, and it was simply awesome ... huge room, with a huge sitting/living room area, bar,  with a huge walk-in shower and adjoining soaking tub, and a balcony overlooking LV.Do yourself a favor, and stay here at least once in your life.
5	Tolles neues Boutique Hotel mit eigenen Terrassen... Und einer fantastischen Gastronomie
3	checking in took forever, the guy at the counter seemed inexperienced.the rooms are very nice, but since we booked two rooms together and at the same time, i would expect the hotel to put the two rooms next to each other and not 35 floors apart. oh and both rooms look exactly the same.room service was faster than i expected, but over priced. the menu said twenty something dollars, but the bill came out to be forty something dollars.the guys that takes our luggage down stairs couldn't differentiate between ciggs and vaperizors. he wanted to charge me for vaping in the room...even though i told him it is not smoke, it is a vape.....and i was standing right next to the balcony with door open.
5	From check in to check out... effortless, best resort experience in Vegas.True 5 star, over the top experience. We stayed in a wrap around suite on the 56th floor, with hands down the best view in Las Vegas. We had a 150 dollar credit which really opened our minds to things we would have otherwise missed out on. Couples massage, so worth it. STK, my new favorite filet lives here. Wicked Spoon, I usually hate buffets, food out of temperature, too much done badly but this... wow. Wicked Spoon is a restrained very tight buffet with meticulous attention to detail. I would suggest booking direct 3+ nights in a row and the Cosmo gives you a 150 dollar credit that I believe is otherwise not advertised. From the expedited VIP check in, to our amazing housekeeper, everyone was accomodating, and I have to say the valet downstairs really hustle to get you into your car fast. I don't think I've ever tipped so many people in my life, but I feel everyone was absolutely deserving plus some. We will be back for sure.
4	We stayed at the Cosmo for four nights and really enjoyed the hotel. Overall it was great but there were a few downsides. First, the good:Our room, a one bedroom terrace suite with fountain view, was amazing. The decor was beautiful, the bed incredibly comfortable and the wet room with soaking tub fabulous. The view of the Bellagio fountain was great too. The whole hotel is stunningly decorated and a lot classier than some other places on the strip. You can control numerous items through the TV (eg lights, climate control, restaurant reservations), which is very cool. The bad:Pretty much everything bar the room is extra. Wifi is expensive at $15/day and if you also want to use the gym it's a further $13/day. Room service is expensive at $5 delivery plus 18% service PLUS tip to the deliverer. We also struggled to sleep on the Saturday night due to noise from a nightclub (not sure if it was the one in the Cosmo or in Paris).Overall it's a great place to stay and if we go back to Vegas we will most likely stay at the Cosmo - but do bear in mind the above downsides.
4	Gorgeous, simply beautiful.Modern elegance, this is for sure one of the new highlights on the strip.The chandelier breathtaking, the shops and restaurants, nightclubs, everything is carefully selected and top notch.Had I not had a bad dining experience here it would be 5 stars, this is where the young, hot rich elite stays, get a piece of the pie and enjoy a stay here it will be memorable for sure.
5	Being a Las Vegas local, I don't really need to stay at any hotel on the strip, although they are great for a "staycation".  The Cosmo is the only hotel I've been wanting to stay at because the hotel itself is beautiful, so I have been curious about the rooms.  My girlfriends came for spring break and we spent the night there.  We got a fountain view room and it was GORGEOUS!  We didn't want to leave.  The room was big accompanied with a big bathroom with a jetted tub.  We got room service the following morning and it couldn't have been a more perfect day.  It was expensive, but the room service was sooo delicious and convenient.  They didn't skimp on any detail and we got what we paid for.  We also went to the boulevard pool, but it wasn't as great as I thought it would be (the only downside).  There are a couple of pools, but there are too many people and not enough seats so we didn't even get to lay out (so if you want to, get there early!)  but it didn't hinder our stay, we loved everything about staying at the Cosmo!  A definite must stay!!
5	There is nothing better, a fabulous view from the wrap around terrace down onto the strip. Very quiet, we left the doors to the balcony open all night. Definitely very expensive for the room service, but thats to be expected? Absolutely. Love this place, will not stay anywhere else. Five starsss
1	We were looking to see something new in Vegas. We found it at the Cosmo, but not in a good way. The lobby was full of drunken trash worthy of an off-strip Best Western without a single member of staff in sight. Just passing through, I was keenly aware of the danger of being puked on, sucker-punched, or pick-pocketed. Luckily, we made it through without a major incident but I will not return to see if my luck holds out. If you have always wanted to go to the Jersey Shore but didn't want to go all the way to Jersey. Look no further. If you want to hit rock bottom, this is the place. If you are a career criminal or have other reasons to frequent a location that is understaffed and doesn't bother with security, you want the Cosmopolitan. If you are looking to enjoy a fun evening with the finer people in Vegas, this is NOT the place.
5	All I can say is WOW! My favorite hotel to stay in! They have the best customer service, best rooms, and I love the balcony rooms! The food and drinks are a little pricey but you are kinda in the middle of everything so you can venture to other hotels close by to eat and drink. I defiantly recommend the Cosmo!
1	Pit boss was a big fat jerk, therefore ruin the whole experience at Cosmo.And all I was trying to do was to a rewards card. Me and my buddy sat at 3 card poker. We gave our ID's to get a rewards card. For some reason my buddy got his real quick. Time goes by. I lose, no card. So I go sit at roulette, lose another $100, no card.  Go to pit boss, hey got my card ready? Pit boss said no, would you like your ID? No, I wait and play at black jack. Lose another $100 no card. I go to the pit boss, hey can I get my ID back? Pit boss rolls his eyes, said " I asked you 3 times if you want it back". Thought I was wasting his time? REALLY? If your gonna take my money at least pretend to give me a little respect? Sorry Cosmo, you have a nice place but your employees are not. I'm gonna lose my $$ and earn points at another place.
4	One of my favorite hotels on the strip.  Definitely has the hip urban vibe that I really enjoy and the location is on the strip is ideal for me.  Plus it has this one slot machine I was on for at least a good 2-3 hours one night that I just loved.  Wish I remembered the name of it =/Still, great hotel!
1	You can put lipstick on a pig, it's still a pig. The Vegas Cosmo is probably the "nicest hotel" most reviewers have ever stayed at on this reviewer thread but the actual value they're getting, for the exorbitant fee paid, is not anywhere equal to what gets financially shoveled into this pile of crap.Story 1. My Story: A. I'm here for a celebration. It's what "Lost Wages" is for, no? After hearing horror stories of the last two friends who stayed here this past week, I was really sad to be locked into the hotel's ridiculous 72-hour cancellation policy. I wanted out of staying somewhere guards listen through your room door, & where security cameras are pointed into your room, via the balcony. After leaving real actual quality luxury at the Mandarin, I reluctantly walked into the Cosmo's room &, while I wasn't as disappointed as I was about a lack of quality in my friend's other Cosmo rooms, I just knew the same quality of service I just paid less for at the Mandarin, could never be had at the Cosmopolitan. B. Then there's the all hour concerts. So loud they manage to shake 61 stories of concrete & rattle tight metal & glass window fixtures to the core. You will not get much peace in this shit hole.C. Done to my reservation, & 3 of my other friend's separate reservations all week. - We call asking, "Can we have a room with a view?" - The lady on the phone says no problem. How about the 47th or 55th floor ect ... - When we check in the front desk is like - Hey yea, here's your key for your 17th floor room...- & when we're like, "But reservations specified we could have a room with a view " - The front desk doesn't care & isn't interested in providing a solution.- It then takes 5 extra hours to check in while you go in circles with what they originally had offered. D. Another complaint is if I am locked into a hotel via a cancellation policy, then the hotel should be locked into providing me everything they're charging me for. Tit for tat.The most important feature of this hotel is the Bamboo Pool. Of the Cosmo's 3 pools, this is the pool that is a haven from the rest of the d-bag mecca that is the Cosmo... & it's closed for a while apparently. SOooooo I could've been at the Mandarin's unique & peaceful poolside right now, instead of getting all worked up & writing a poor review for the Cosmo - had I known better, ahead of time. I got a $50 refund off my "resort fee" since I haven't been able to use anything "resorty" but I'd just rather not be here at all... but let me REALLY explain why...Story 2. My Friend's Suite: When you rent $800+ room suite that has a full bar & kitchen, in Vegas - what do you intend to do with that room? My friend had a release party for a piece of equipment he made. There were no more than 15 people in a huge corner suit. The group of folks are not the average dirt bag bro scum club people that would be rowdy. These people were old farts, with kids at home, who were in town to look at geek crap for their businesses. The room was not being loud or rowdy but when I opened the front door to grab some ice there were two security guards just hanging out, outside our door - trying to listen in. They asked me how many people were in the room & I said no more than 15, they said we had 20-minutes to kick people out because a fully equipped suit, with a bar, kitchen, & giant seating room, that has a capacity of 30 people, was only allowed to have 4-people in it at all times. Story 3. My other friend's suite: This is one of those "iffy call" stories. Still makes you wonder... Anyway - another friend rented a $500 room. Invited 8 of us over the come take pictures with him of the beautiful Vegas sunset. There were maybe 10 people in a suite that was designed for double that. There were about 10 people standing on the room's giant balcony taking pictures of a beautiful sunset when security knocked & forced themselves in the room. For 3 hours the Cosmo security argued with my friend about the cameras. The first question anyone wants to know is, how does Cosmo know what's going on in our room? Answer - we figured out there are "security cameras" on the outside of the building, looking at private patios & potentially in rooms. The eventual end of the argument went like this, "Cosmo security will either personally confiscate every camera in the room - OR my friend gets evicted." It's definitely messy - what occurred, but the biggest question is where & when did the hotel room tenant's privacy become compromised?Story 4. Head of Security BLABS: The head of Cosmo security was at a party for another equipment manufacturer - a fairly large party where everyone who got messed with by Cosmo security were in attendance. Head of security was overheard telling one of the hotel tenant's clients that they were trouble earlier that week. 1. A conflict of interest &2. Shady & unprofessional.Bottom Line: Cosmo = Bad business
5	This is the hip hotel on the strip - for good reason! The rooms are super swanky, the boulevard pool draws bands of all genres, and the shops are excellently curated. Not to mention, marquee is the only nightclub my friends talk about. Give it a go!
5	Best concierge service of all the hotels. I live here so sometimes stay on the strip during the weekends I have friends in town. This blonde girl (I want to say Lauren?) is the best. Really friendly and way less fake than most. Thanks for a great weekend!
1	This review is from my mother's experience :When I was checking in on 3/26/13 I did not have the same credit card that I used to prepay on 1/7/13 and the Cosmo made me pay again.  To say I was annoyed would be an understatement, especially since I had stayed in the Encore by Wynn ,the night before and the manager said it was OK to use another card because I had paid for the room in January!  Why was I not informed of this policy when I made my reservation by phone?  What if the card had been lost, stolen or in my case, it had a new number.  I contacted Marriott because this is one of their boutique hotels and I received an answer that was not an answer.  I am a Marriott member and I had already booked about 17 nights before this incident.  Now I am  wavering.  I contacted Chase and they had never heard of such a policy and wondered why the Cosmo didn't call them.In the future when I am in Las Vegas I plan to stay at the Encore, which is a fabulous hotel in beauty as well as customer service.Toni S.4/13/13 Oh yeah, the Cosmo refunded my first payment to my credit card.  Thank God it was not the credit card that I had closed.  What would have happened to my money?  Anyway, since I had no balance on that card I had to call Chase and have them to send me the refund so that I could pay the other credit card. The check arrived in the mail yesterday, everything is finally completed.  What an experience.
5	This casino quickly became one of our favorite casinos...clean, high-tech, friendly service.  The parking structure is underground, we appreciated the sensors which allowed us to just glance down each aisle to see if any green lights were visible to indicate a free spot.  They also had security guards on bicycles patrolling for safety.  The casino is new with good ventilation to filter out the different smells.  They gave any new members free slot play which allowed us to win some cash...the staff are friendly and helpful.  One can earn points for anything while spending time there.  There are some restaurants that looked appealing so we will definitely be back to try a few during our next trip.  My brother and his gf will probably get to check out the Marquee club at some point.  With the service being so nice and the casino so clean, we would not have a problem staying at their hotel as well.
4	So, this is where all the beautiful and cool people hang out.  I had no idea :-)I wonder if they expected it to be this popular?  The casino in general was confusing to me but maybe that's because I'm never there.  It wasn't just me though; it wasn't until I asked a fourth employee that I was able to locate the will call desk for the boulevard concert venue.  In general everyone here seems helpful and having a good time and the crowd is definitely younger and more into partying.  The underground parking is a challenge.  Maybe crank up the lighting a bit...I have a feeling that's what purgatory will look like.I saw the band New Order play outside at the pool.  I felt the show was great despite not being a huge fan of pool concerts.  The pool deck is small and cramped...there must have been 4,000+ people crammed out there.  Acoustics are marginal given the environment but the set list was epic including 4 songs from Joy Division.  Those that left early before the encore missed out...Losers!  A true fan stays until the house lights come up and the band is gone for good.  All in all it was a great experience and I had the chance to meet some cool people from Yelp for the first time.
4	I LOVED our room but did not care for the casino.Our room faced the Bellagio fountains where we had a great view of the fountain show every night and the room itself was a mini suite decorated well with a small kitchenette huge bathrooms and two large flat screen TVs.  Our room even had a large bath tub facing out the window so you could watch the Bellagio Fountains while enjoying a bath.  I would say it was by far one of the nicest rooms I've stayed at while in Vegas (we've stayed at Mandalay and Aria).  The balcony was the most amazing feature of our room.  We had a perfect view of the Vegas strip!So some things that I did not care for:The Casino was small.  On a busy night all the tables were filled, i had to go to Aria or Bellagio to gamble.  There's no poker room here either.  The registration/valet desk was on the complete opposite side of the property so we had to walk across the whole Casino every time we went anywhere.  Would I stay at the Cosmo again, yes probably because the room was awesome but I think I would rather stay at Aria because of its larger casino and its central to a lot more things.
5	Booked a Terrace Suite using Marriott Points (The Cosmopolitan is part of Marriott's Autograph Collection, in case you weren't aware), but that is just the beginning.  When we arrived at the hotel after 4 nights at THEhotel for a conference at The Mandalay Bay, our room wasn't ready.  We waited and toured the property to get familiar.  After lunch and some time at the pools we decided to check back at the desk.  Feeling kinda saucy I stepped into the VIP check-in room and asked.  They were great!  He checked on my room and found out that it still wasn't ready, but that was not the end for me, oh no!  We were upgraded to a Wraparound Suite in the front tour, just above the Bellagio sign with an unreal view of the fountains.  The Cosmopolitan staff made a simple one-night stay an amazing, unforgettable experience that I'll never forget.  No doubt, the Cosmo will be our go-to hotel for every trip to Vegas.
5	Great hotel with great service. The rooms are my favorite in Las Vegas.I have stayed there 9 times so far since it has opened. I doubt I will stay any where else for a while!
5	I love the Cosmopolitan! I had such a wonderful experience while staying here! :).It was my first time in Vegas when I stayed at this hotel. We had two queen beds for four girls. It was nice! Our view was amazing, I was speechless! The bed was really comfortable. The bathroom was nice, no tub though. I do wish this hotel has a tub just so I can soak my feet in after a night of dancing in my high heels. But it's okay, no big deal.I love how Marquee night and day club is in Cosmo. I went to Marquee for two nights (Friday and Saturday) and Marquee day club on Sunday. It was good to not have to walk out of the hotel to get somewhere. My guy friends stayed at Vdara and we were all going to see Kaskade on Saturday night so they came to Marquee to get stamped at 9pm and came up to our hotel room so we can pregame until 10:30PM! It was very convenient especially for guys! I highly recommend guys going early on a busy night to get stamped so they can get in easier later. Also, on Friday night, I got lost from my group so I decided to leave the club by myself. It was no big deal because all I had to do was take the elevator back to my room! This hotel is super convenient if you plan to go to Marquee! Highly recommended.I also love how the casino is downstairs! I love slot machines! I can sit there for hours playing it.Another good thing about Cosmo is wicked spoon!! Best buffet ever!This hotel seriously has everything to make a Vegas trip perfect! :).
4	This hotel is stunning. It's one of the most aesthetically pleasing casinos I've ever been to... until you reach the hotel suites. The main floors of the hotel are modern, glamorous, and digital. So one would assume the same would be applied to the rooms, hence I was extremely excited to stay there. So when I entered my suite I was utterly disappointed. Granted I was lucky enough to stay in a suite and not a standard room, which I assume has more amenities and is more spacious than an average room, yet the lack of technology left me highly confused. I felt as if they'd spent so much time and money designing and building the common areas that when it came time to build and decorate the rooms they ran out of funds & time? That's the only explanation I have for the underwhelming room. Considering how high tech and new this place is, they still have the type of curtains that require manual work via plastic rods for open and closure. Their blinds requires the use of a hand crank rod. Kitchen and furniture looks cheap, somewhat comparable to some nicer Holiday Inn. Everything else was decent at best, but nothing too spectacular. So why 4 stars and not lower? Despite my utter disappointment in the room, I love everything else about the hotel and the casino areas. The lobby is decked with high-tech beams displaying some fantastic graphics and images. The attention to detail throughout the main floors are drool worthy. Lastly, the view from my room was breathtaking. If I were to only frequent the common areas and not be a hotel guest I would definitely give this place  a perfect score. Too bad the rooms don't match the rest of the building.
4	Wowzer!From the 8ft TV screen towers in the lobby to the plentiful pool options, the killer rooms & location on the strip, all you can say is Wowzer!*Room - think Manhattan, upper east side walk up studio apt. (the deep, deep tub was my favorite).*Views - so great you feel bad for all the people staying at the hotels you can see so far off. Private terrace to enjoy the Belagio fountains all day and all night.*Pools - plentiful, creative layouts & maximized space. Not all pools offer pool-side wait service, not all pools offer "all sun" seats and ALL pools fill up before 10am, so get there early!*Restaurants - okay, but not really competitive to the others in the areaBiggest bummer about this place is the cost. We were blessed to stay for free (there on business), but requested to extend our stay and were told it would be $675 for ONE NIGHT. Not worth it at all! You can get the same square footage, amenities, view and strip location for a lot less at surrounding hotels).It was great while it lasted.
1	I called the Cosmo 2 times to tell them the 6 of us would arrive after midnight - we were coming from Boston.  We arrive and I am told my 2 rooms have been given away so they put us in 2 Board Rooms with 2 full size Murphy Beds.  After 3 hours we finally get 2 rollaway beds brought to the room (it is now 3 am).  We paid for the first night rooms so why did they give them away.  I find this totally unacceptable.  They moved us the next day but we had to stay in our room with our luggage until 4 pm when the rooms were ready so we missed out on a day in Vegas.I was there for a conference and many people had room problems so my advice stay at another hotel!They also advertise the room with a kichenette, yup there is a stove and microwave but no utelsils, plate, pots & pans.  Why bother.
1	After seven months of e-mails and proof of a rip-off, management decided to do nothing. While in Vegas last September, three of us decided to park at the hotel's bar from 10:00 to 1:00 AM. The next day, my business partner had indicated that he had cover the bar bill for $200.00, he left at 12:00 midnight. In looking in my wallet, I too had basically the same bar bill, but showed my bill being paid at 1:00 AM. We all had different drinks, rum and coke, double rum and coke, and margarita. To show the management, that I agree the first bill. However, my bill had the same drinks plus, the few drinks we added from midnight to 1:00. Bill should have been $250.00 total. Not $400!As a result of this "SCAM" I am giving the hotel bar 1! Even though it could have been an oversight on the bar tender and the waitress,accounting decided to ignor my many request!
4	We got this hotel from Priceline and could not believe we got the Cosmopolitan hotel. The checking-in process was a bit of waiting but the front desk staff (Anna) was quite nice and helpful... We upgraded to the terrace one bedroom suite with the Bellagio's fountain view... It was totally worth very penny!The room was spacious, with nice sitting balcony and killer view! Love the technology... You can turn the chandelier, bathroom, living, bedroom lights, room climate control and so on with your TV remote! Gotta love technology! The Japanese tub facing the strip is awesome! The gym has many equipments and a boxing ring! There are three pools but not enough chairs... So you gotta get there earlier or pay for the cabana!There are several restaurants. We went to the Wicked Spoon for lunch and dinner... And quite happy with the buffet choices! And if you are starving after midnight... There is the secret pizza (this place does not have nam!) on the third floor, next to the Blue Ribbon restaurant... Quite secret that you might not know that you are there even if you are right in front of it! We have a great time here... Definitely will stay here again... So why did I give this place a five star?!For few reasons... (maybe a bit nit picking!)- no dresser in the room... I don't like my underclothes expose!- no coffee shops or in-room coffee maker for quick coffee break... Do people still drink coffee?- not enough seating at the pools- shopping selections... So so- finally, it will take lots of luck to win here!
1	DON'T STAY HERE!!!... So, my cousin made reservations for her sisters wedding shower 3 months in advance. She booked 2 rooms side by side each other for 5pm. Ok, so come the day off the wedding shower; the Cosmo told her one of the other rooms wasn't ready @ 5pm and they couldn't give it to her cause a high roller decided to stay in that other room. To apologize, they moved all of us (the bride and groom's entire family) to a penthouse suite. 1hr later, Cosmo security knocked on the door and told her we were all getting kicked out because of underage drinking. None of the minors in that room drank. Cosmo security made all of us (the bride and grooms families; including grandmas and grandpas) to leave immediately. No one from the Cosmo came to help move any of our luggage. They also informed my cousin that she would be charged with both nights for the rooms she booked even though they kicked us out. The Cosmopolitan is a piece of crap establishment if you don't seem to have enough money to be there.
4	Very impressed with the rooms. We were in the terrace studio and was lovely. Only draw back was they charge for Internet service and wifi . Also would go back if I were in my 20, 30, or 40 at the most. Suited for the young and felt a bit out of place being 70 even if we are very young at heart and active.
5	My husband and I had our wedding here on our balcony...it was perfect! They brought champagne to our room while we were out. It was wonderful and we will stay there again and again:)Shower and Bath were wonderful :)
4	Awsome room and front desk service. My only complaint is that I have never won in their casino. Doh!
4	I am a fan of Cosmopolitan. After staying in their regular room and getting to hangout in the wrap around corner suite, it automatically became my favorite place to stay at in Vegas. The hotel is modern, clean, and is packed with a young vibe that surrounds the entire area. The elevators are close to the parking lot and the front office and valet which makes everything convenient. Marquee Day and Nightclub are right up the escalators and the casino is always lively. Stay here is you want a great stay in Vegas. The wraparound room overlooked the Bellagio fountains and Marquee where there are lounge chairs to enjoy the view. The only issues that I had was that the drain for the shower seemed clogged and the valet guy gave us problems for carrying in alcohol. I didn't know that you can't carry in a bottle into the hotel and that if you do, it has to be concealed. Palazzo and Venetian let us carry it in openly all of the time. -__-Otherwise, I will be back!
5	Overall, The Cosmopolitan is one of my favorite resorts on the strip! I love the atmosphere they've created that really translates to: Anything goes and Everyone's welcome. I come here to: - have a drink at one of the many levels of The Chandelier Bar. Each level has a different drink menu.- Go to concerts at The Blvd Pool. Very laid back and everyone there to enjoy the music. It's a different venue to hold a concert, sometimes the empty the pool, sometimes they don't. The best part of the pool is the Neapolitan - adult ice cream place that catches up to you quickly!- Great restaurants like: Comme Ca, Holsteins, STK, Secret Pizza. - The rooms are great and the penthouse suite is phenomenal! With the penthouse, you can't beat having your entire room controlled by a tablet. Need a butler? just push a button. Yes - they do come to just take photos for you of you and your friends. - I haven't been to Marquee Nightclub, but I've heard great things from friends. My only complaint - I hate that the parking garage is under the resort. I'm a very claustrophobic person, but I'm always willing to fight through that pain.
5	We stayed at the jockey club! It is still inside Comopolitan but just at a cheaper price. We went monday thru wednesay and it cost a total of 240 bucks for the room which included 2 bedrooms, two bathrooms, a kitchen, and living room. Although there wasn't really a view but hey it didn't really matter. We weren't gonna be in our room for our whole entire stay.The service was nice. The valet people were pretty on point and polite and extremely nice with getting our car or getting us a cab.The front desk staff was really welcoming as well because they offered us keys for all five us that was staying in the room.
2	This is my review of mine and my husband's experience for my birthday on May 1st, 2013. I am upset to give The Cosmo a two star review, but based on my experience with the check-in process and having a suite here I cannot give anymore. I have been a fan of Cosmo since it opened. I've spent a lot of money here. I'm a local and I sing its praises to out of towners all the time. But I will NOT be recommending for any of my friends (local or otherwise) to actually stay here.We arrived early (just about an hour) prior to check-in time and we were greeted by a very nice, chipper young lady who set about getting our information. First off, we had just made the reservation the day before, so we were absolutely sure it was there. The girl typed in our name repeatedly to no avail. My husband whipped out his phone and showed her our email confirmation so she could look it up by the confirmation number instead. TA-DA. There it was with our last name misspelled. Hurray. At least we were smart enough to bring our confirmation with us or else they probably never would have found our reservation to begin with. They have our reservation for the Terrace Suite for one night. She asks us if we're there for business or pleasure and I say it's my birthday and we're locals and we just wanted to get a room for the night and play by the pool. She seems okay with that and continues tapping away, then she excuses herself and brings forth some other guy in a suit. O HAI guy in a suit, what do you want? He introduces himself and shakes mine and my husband's hand. He then proceeds to chastise us and shame-shame us for being locals and getting a hotel room for a night."It's our policy to inform locals that our rooms are not meant for loud, raging parties. We expect you to be courteous to the other guests. After all, there are plenty of other places to have a good time here in the resort."OH. OKAY GUY IN SUIT. I'll try not to have a raging balls-to-the-wall party in my room since you've wagged your finger in my face before I even check in.What gets me is that he specifically said it's policy for them to inform LOCALS. Because, well, guess what locals? Cosmo doesn't want your business if you're just there for a night for your birthday with your husband trying to enjoy a suite and have dinner with your friends. Seriously. I was so incensed by this guy I didn't know what to do besides awkwardly laugh at his remarks.He then goes on to ask if we're "in the industry". No. I reply. I work for the federal government and my husband is Air Force. "OOOOH" says guy in suit, "Thank you for your service."YAH. Fuck you. You were just giving us a lesson in how we should conduct ourselves in our room that we're paying good money for, GUY IN SUIT. How about you fuck off with your "thank you for your service".I've never been treated that way when I've checked into any hotel before on the strip. I've never been shamed because I'm a local. I've never been given a talking to by some random guy just because I happen to be local and I happen to just be getting a suite for the night. I think it was ridiculous. I think it was rude. And I think The Cosmo does a whole lot of assuming about their guests.Well I guess my young appearance my tattoos must have just sent alarm bells ringing up the asses of these people.So our check-in process basically sucked and I am sad to report how far it dropped The Cosmo in my eyes.Our room - Terrace Suite, 28th floor, facing the Bellagio Fountains. Amazing room, full kitchen, living area, wrap around suite, plush bed, interesting artwork. Lighting that goes completely on and off when you leave the suite. A tub that could have been much bigger in my opinion and a decent enough bathroom. We didn't call for room service, so can't comment. We DID have my 4 friends come up to the suite AFTER we had dinner. We all fuckin jumped all over the beds and turned over tables and lit a fire in the trash can and brought in a fuckin tiger from Sig & Roy's Magical Garden and we fucked that place up. OH JUST KIDDING. We watched the fountain show, hung out, had champagne, talked, and had my birthday cake while I opened presents. Afterward my LOCAL CRAZY MUTHER EFFING FRIENDS left and my husband and I watched TV and went to bed. OH MAH GAWD.Anyway, that's my experience at The Cosmo. Not so good, eh? Dearest locals - go elsewhere, lest you be chastised before you even get a chance to enjoy.
2	They charge you a "corking fee if you bring your own booze."  $25 per case of beer and $50 per handle.  So if you plan on bringing booze hide it in your suit case so the people in the Lobby don't see it.  As if $600 a night isn't enough they need to charge you a stupid corking fee that they just make up.  It appeared not all of the people in the lobby were charged.  Other than that Hotel is the best in Vegas.  Oh and I will bring booze next and I will be hiding it.  Hope I save some folks some money!
5	After staying at The Cosmopolitan (twice!) I will never stay anywhere else in Vegas. Why would I? Everything I could ever want is located within this hotel and the location itself is also an attraction. The decor is gorgeous. The staff is friendly and they go out of their way to make sure everyone is accommodated.The pools are great, the bars and restaurants are top-notch. Everything is on point!Just make sure you don't touch the items in the mini bar! I mean don't even breathe on them because the sensors will go off and they will try to charge you. Definitely check your bill on the way out just in case!
5	BEST hotel in Vegas, period! We stay in high end hotels around the country and this hotel ties the Charlotte Ritz for 1st place for me. The atmosphere, the decor, the staff, the views, the rooms, should I continue? I spend a lot of time in hotels and the Cosmo won me over big time. The meeting staff is also incredibly helpful, and make sure you have everything you need. I'll be staying here every time I go to Vegas now, sorry Bellagio!
3	I stayed here once earlier last year... The rooms are very modern... kinda reminds me of MGM. First off, bad customer service at the front desk, the blonde Brittany chick was rude acting like she better just coz she work at Cosmo dont mean you da sh*ts.. thats the kind of attitude she had. I filed a complaint on her. YAY GO ME! Now off to the room, yes room was very nice however the iron was broken, AC was broken as well as 2 lamps needed their bulbs replaced. Not so fancy for it being new during the time i stayed. Anyways enough about that. What i love love love the most about Cosmo is MarQuee along with  Chandlier and their little inside shops of ice cream. Not a bad hotel.  I'd stayed here again.
1	I hate the clubs in this hotel but in love with the chic decor crystals. I had to climb the staircases and oh my not a good experience going up and down the industrial staircases.
2	Just got home from a crazy weekend in Vegas with 19 other gals from all over the country. We were celebrating a bachelorette party, and I was very excited to stay at the Cosmo! This was my 4th Vegas trip (stayed twice at the Luxor and once at MGM). I can't believe just how insanely expensive this place is. I know Vegas is expensive in general... but dang. No coffee pot in the room. Ok - understandable. But $20 for a pot of coffee - LARGE pot none the less - which filled exactly 4 coffee mugs. What a crock. This place needs a Starbucks. Staff was not helpful. Had some items stolen and was given the runaround. Sheets were ripped in the bed. My girlfriend got food poisoning and the security did not take us seriously. Took them over an hour to get a wheelchair and medical assistance to the room. Not acceptable. Yes - this is a beautiful, new hotel with a whole lotta swanky goin on. Great view from our room (45th floor) of the Bellagio Fountains. But the staff was awful. I stopped by my friends room to say goodbye before I was headed to the airport and ran into the maids. I said - oh, sorry just stopping in to say goodbye. Their response: "No one here but the big mess your friends made." SERIOUSLY? It's not like Axl Rose was staying in the room. They have the Marquee Dayclub/Nightclub (Which I loved) so for convenience, yes, that was great. I just don't see myself dishing out the extra bucks to stay at this place again.
1	The Cosmos VIP concierge service is a joke. Currently waiting on hold for 15 minutes now. The rep didn't even answer the phone when I called they just picked up the phone and put it straight on hold. "Chanel" finally answered to tell me I was wrongfully transferred to her.... On hold again. Come on? This is supposed to be VIP service? I don't think so.
4	Great room (1 bedroom suite) overlooking the strip. Clean, comfortable, great style. Good deal. However I realized I'm not young, hip, or drunk enough to hang with the crowd here.
4	Great hotel with a good ambince.  The city centre is huge though and the probably is they all look the same so hard to check out all the casinos.  The casino was fun to play at and a large selection of games. The security though is very tight.
4	The hotel is a nice addition to the Las Vegas strip. One of the nicer hotels in the area because it has newer amenities and fixtures. The room I stayed in had two really nice and large flat screen television. Beds are comfortable and the bathrooms were in great condition. Even had a nice little kitchenette. Compared to all the hotels in the area, the Cosmo is near the top. Service could be a little better as our things delivered to the room (like wine glasses) took a long long time. In the end, good place to stay!
5	Great service, clean, upscale without being to snooty.The Japanese soaking tubs in the rooms are to die for!!!!It's a Marriott so I can be on the strip and enjoy my points.My girls love the clubs.The restaurants are fantastic as well
4	very very nice. not amazing but very very nice.
5	Words cannot describe this place, you truly have to see it to believe the awesomeness! Friends and I stayed in the wraparound terrace suite and Laina suite.
4	This is one of my favorite places to stay on the strip. The service is impeccable and the rooms are fabulous. I love the modern amenities like being able to control the room lights from my phone. If you're facing the strip and are lucky enough to get a balcony, you'll have one of the best views of the strip. The decor and design that is so unique and cool in the casino and lobby extend to the rooms as well. I loved just walking around different parts of the resort and checking out the pieces of art and other cool hidden stuff. The restaurant selection here is one of the finest on the strip. Comme Ca, Holstein's and China Poblano are all unique and fantastic in their own way. Ironically, I didn't spend a lot of time at the bars or casinos here. Being in my 30s I felt a little old and un-hip to fit in with the crowd here. However, the location is fantastic with the Bellagio right next door and a lot of great casinos within walking distance. The only reason I'm not giving a full 5 stars is because of some of the clientele this place attracts at night - the collar poppin' broseph along with his girl in her short, short, short cocktail dress. However, this crowd can make for some fantastic people watching.
5	Upscale and pretentious. Me likey!If staying at a fancy Vegas hotel makes me pretentious, so be it! A little pretentiousness never hurt anybody and you bet I'm gonna brag about the fact that the BF got us a Terrace One Bedroom at the Cosmopolitan! Nevermind the fact that I stayed at the Polo Towers for my last Vegas trip. The Cosmo is a billion steps up. I'm moving up in life ;DThe casino did me right! I sat down at a slot machine and doubled the BF's $5 in my first hit. Cashed out! ...I'm not a big gambler. lol!The entire design and decor of the room is classy, hip, artsy and sexy. I loved all of the art on the walls, accenting wall paper, the color scheme, light fixtures, and furniture. http://su.pr/1qcmi9 http://su.pr/2WF8IAOne of the unique features about the Terrace One Bedroom is the Japanese Soaking Tub which is AWESOME! The shower is also interesting. There is a glass panel in between the shower and the bedroom. Ok, so it is voyeuristic. I'll let you imagine how playful that could be with the right partner! But there are retractable wooden blinds on the bedroom side if you're shy.The bed is one of the most comfortable hotel beds I've ever stayed in. It has an excessive amount of pillows which can be annoying at times but I'd rather have too many pillows than not enough.Our balcony had a great view facing the Aria, Mandarin Oriental, Planet Hollywood, MGM Signature, Marriott's Grand Chateau, and Polo Towers (lol!). We were on the 53rd floor and could see the pool area below us. Be aware that we could hear the Marquee Nightclub/Dayclub music every night (and sometimes during the day). Even if we closed our sliding glass door, the bass still came through.One downside about the room is that the mini fridge is stocked full with drinks. It's monitored by this weighted system so if you move it, you get charged. We bought our own drinks across the street from Walgreens but couldn't fit them in the fridge. There is space in the freezer so we ended up freezing our bottled water then defrosting them overnight or during the day while we were out. The kitchenette counter top was also stocked with snacks and goodies monitored by a weighted system. FYI, they charge you if you use the wine bottle opener because we got charged $7.50 for accidentally moving it. But a quick call to the front desk and they removed the charge :)Also found on the kitchenette counter top's monitored weighted system for your (ahem!) convenience: http://su.pr/8ey6l4I loved staying at the Cosmo! A big part of me feels that this will spoil me for future Vegas trips. I expect upscale fanciness from now on! :DOkay, so this place does attract a certain pretentious crowd. In fact, I'd like to end this review with a very douchey situation that happened to us while waiting in the taxi line. It was 7:45pm on a Saturday and the group in front of us looked like they were dressed and ready to hit a club. Maybe a pre-party since it was too early for a club. Anyways, there was about 6 girls in short tight dresses and one guy. Suddenly, the one guy decides that it's too hot in this line and just nonchalantly removes his shirt. HE REMOVES HIS SHIRT!!! Trying too hard to impress these women much??? I had to restrain my laughter as he stood there shirtless while trying to have a normal conversation with these women. They didn't seem all that impressed either ::eye roll::  LOL ;P
5	I wish I could give more stars to this excellent hotel! I love everything about it. Becoming a recent local, I thought I'd indulge myself in a stay-cation at one of the hotels on the strip. And the Cosmopolitan is the way to go! The rooms are elegant, clean, and very modern with some of the most up-to-date technology. The Chandelier is by far my favorite part. A giant bar within a decorative accessory? What an excellent idea! With the recent change in weather, the pool was definitely a place to relax. It's literally located off the strip. I can look over the edge and see the city lights. If you're coming into Vegas to have a fun time, the Cosmopolitan is the place to stay.
3	I love staying at this hotel. It's so modern and stylish.  However the service here is lacking.  They're generally pretty lax with cleaning your room, and giving you towels.  It takes awhile for room service.  In general, for more of a real hotel feel, it's probably a better bet to go to the Wynn or somewhere else.
4	Stayed here for three nights during Cinco de Mayo weekend (and Mayweather vs. Guerrero fight).  Room prices were jacked up ($1.8K for three nights!!) and almost completely booked, but we managed to snag one with a great view of the strip and Bellagio fountain show (34-49).  The Cosmo is a very nice hotel; modern, chic, and definitely geared towards the 20s and 30s crowd.  This is a party hotel, so those looking for a more serene (hah!) experience should stay at the Palazzo or Wynn (also favorites of mine).    Loved the convenience of partying at Marquee Dayclub and Nightclub without having to leave the hotel.  Highlight of my stay here was seeing Armin Van Buuren spin at Marquee Dayclub on Saturday, May 4th; he was awesome!  I've been to Marquee Nightclub many times and enjoy the ambiance; however, still scratching my head over the seemingly endless stairs women have to trek down in order to exit the place!  Ordered room service for the girls Saturday night and was quoted 1.5 hours, but food arrived within half an hour...pleasant surprise.  The spinach dip with crab and buffalo chicken wings arrived hot, and were pretty tasty - the chips were warm and crispy.  Didn't try the garden salad, but it looked fresh.  Only restaurant we had a chance to eat at here was China Poblano, and only because it was next to the Marquee Nightclub and we needed to kill time.  We ordered several dishes to share, including the twenty-vegetable fried rice, siu mai, Open Sesame noodles, and the "Don't be Jealous" hot and sour soup.  Well, I ain't jealous of the hot and sour soup; a lot left to be desired.  The Open Sesame noodles were chilled and tasted bland.  The siu mai I didn't try, but my friends claimed it was good.  The highlight of the meal was the fried rice, yes, fried rice!  What made it special was the baby veggies included in the rice, but the rice was pretty flavorful too.  The portions were small, but I'd say the $20 spent on the fried rice was worth it.  It was a bit distracting trying to eat with Marquee's club music blasting our ears, but hey, part of the "ambiance".  Love, love, love the Chandelier bar, especially the second floor, which serves my favorite drink - the Verbena!  It's a tequila based drink, but the special touch is the edible flower bud you eat before you sip your drink.  It's like pop-rocks in your mouth, and your mouth becomes numb for a few minutes, but it totally enhances the flavor of the drink!  I highly recommend this drink!Staff we encountered during our stay were professional and accommodating - no complaints.  This trip was my first time staying at Cosmo, but I'd definitely stay here again.
4	Holy shiatsu my room is huge.Stayed here during an internal company conference. I was given a terrace room. 2 queen beds on the 54th floor.  The room decor is fabulous with interesting black and white wallpaper patterns in the closet and bathroom.  The bathroom is divided into 4 components: jetted tub, separate shower with bench, separate toilet and 2 sinks. There is a main Hello/Goodbye button in the room that turns all the lights off and on.I always check out swimming pools in the hotel. They had 3! On the west tower, the Bamboo pool is long enough to make lap swimming fun particularly when one has to dodge erratic toddlers and random drunks. There are 3 elevator rooms that take guests to room slots.  The restaurant selections here are also good. Jaleo made the Opentable fit for foodie list, Holstein and Scarpetta are pretty good.Might be tempted to stay here again if there is such an ocassion.
5	Been to vegas a million times, and never had a better experience than at the cosmopolitan. We got a free upgrade and the room was gigantic. My girlfriend was right when she said, "This will probably be the nicest hotel room we'll ever get to stay in....ever." The Cosmopolitan has set the bar high, so its basically all down hill from here. The customer service was amazing all around. From the Cocktail servers, to the front desk, to the buffet cashier. Everyone was amazingly friendly. And not in the corporate 'forced-smile-thank-you-for-coming' kind of way. Decor is a huge bonus. Most hotels feel like they're designed for kids, or for your parents. This one just feels 'adult'. Just remember thats part of what you're paying for. If you just want a place to crash after getting drunk, you should save your money. If you appreciate beautiful design, and are willing to pay for it, the Cosmopolitan is great.For years, i've sworn off vegas as being a hot crowded hassle that wasn't worth the trip, and my stay at the Cosmopolitan makes me want to go back.
2	We arrived on Friday 5/10 the room we were given was on the 68th floor and we were excited to check it out. Upon arrival we noticed that this room had very filthy and worn out carpets. stains and spots everywhere. Well we didn't complain much initially as that was the only thing seems saw out of ordinary. On our second day of stay we went to the desert and we left early in the morning . Once we came back at 3:30 pm the housekeeping was not done yet. We wanted to take bath and we had no clean towels. we called the front desk and complained they brought some towels and apologized. On the 3rd day I found a very dirty and soiled towel in the bathroom folded as a clean towel. It was really nasty and I have taken pictures of it. I called the front desk again and reported the issue. On my last day of stay which was Sunday I was told I could get into the Marquee pool for free since i was a hotel guest. At the door the bouncer wanted $20 to let me in. I went to the boulevard pool and my God was this pool not filthy! All type of objects were floating in the water and there was a way too much chlorine in the water that I could not even breath. Well this tells me that the water rarely gets replaced and in order to keep it from molding, they have to add a huge amount of chlorine to it. As a final surprise the housekeeper walked in on us as we were packing for our check out. While I had told the front desk exactly when I would check out, this is not communicated to the housekeepers.It felt like we had a 2 star hotel room but paid a 5 star price for it. This  was my worst Vegas experience and will not be back to Cosmopolitan again.
5	Wraparound 70 series East Tower room on the 32nd floor!  Room was exquisite with possibly the best view on the strip!If you are lucky enough to bag a 70 series East Tower make sure it's 28th floor or higher!Staff is super attentive and eager to make your experience perfect!Best local on the Strip.  I would call it the "sweet spot" of the Strip close to everything but really there is no reason to leave.  Great food, gaming and Spa activity at your fingertips.It's a bucket lister for any Whale!
5	I fell in love with The Cosmopolitan from the moment I walked into the lobby. Speaking of the lobby, it was insane. There were these pillars with videos playing on them. When we walked in, there were nude people creepily moving around behind a foggy screen. The screens change throughout the day... it was really cool. Now, that's just the lobby. We get up to the room and it was nice and spacious with a great view. No complaints about the room whatsoever. The great thing about The Cosmopolitan is that you never really have to leave if you don't want to. This place has it all... multiple pools, amazing restaurants, a day/night club, gambling, stores, etc. I mean, I advise you to leave the hotel to do non-Cosmopolitan things, but it's nice having so much in one place. Also, all of the employees were extremely personable and helpful.One thing: the chairs at the pool get packed pretty early. You might want to head down early to snag a spot, otherwise you'll have to scout out a patch of grass, which we had to do a few times, but it actually wasn't bad at all.This was my first trip to Vegas and I couldn't have asked for a better hotel to stay at. Such a fun, hip place!
1	This is a super late review, but can I still give zero stars? Read Pamela T.'s review below for more details. Long story short: no one cares--except for that nice lady at the front desk. We weren't comped in any way after being burglarized. The security of Cosmo said they did not have cameras in hallways and have no way of knowing whether or not someone broke into our room. We were redirected about five times and had to walk all over Cosmo to find security/help desk/management/investigators who redirected us over, and over, and over, and over, and OVER AGAIN. In the end, there was no resolve. Management told us filing a police report would be "useless" because the police department won't be opened until Monday? We were checking out Sunday. It's funny how such a "high-class" hotel is so lacking in its security department. This whole shenanigan wasn't worth our time for what we paid for. You decide for yourself whether or not this kind of experience is worth it for you. Did I mention this all happened on my 21st birthday? Thanks again, Cosmo.
4	The Cosmpolitan may have ruined any other casino for me!   We came in early Friday afternoon - we had booked a terrace suite.  The front desk man asked if we were in town for business or pleasure.  When we told him we were getting married the next day he immediately smilted and said "well I would love to upgrade you then" - we ended up with a beautiful terrace one bedroom suite with the japenese soaking tub.the best part is that we had the most perfect view of the bellagio fountains and the eiffel tour that you could ask for.    Since, we were getting married in our room - the view was amazing.   I could have lived on the terrace - so relaxing to sit there and see the fountains go off time and time again.  At night with the lights was even more spectacular. the shower and the tub are in the same area, but are surrounded by glass, so if you are in the bedroom laying on the bed - you certainly have a nice view if you know what I mean.   sitting in our soaking tub we had a great view of the fountains and the eiffel tower - oh so very romantic!Everyone that worked at the Cosmpolitan (except for one bartendar at Bond bar) was amazing and extremely helpful.    I used the spa services and again had a steller experience.    The pools are crowded and loud  - don't expect to relax - it is very much a party scence.  Didn't bother us as we didn't leave our room much!  ;)We will be back!
5	I love the cosmo! I stay here every time I go to vegas. They have great pools and secret pizza is the best!
5	I love this hotel and specially that has a balcony that you can enjoy
4	While celebrating what I'm sure was my 29th or 39th birthday last weekend, we spent two separate nights in the Cosmo having drinks or dinner and although the outside seems cold and hard, I was pleasantly surprised at the class and warmth inside. I suggest that if you're in town, you spend some time there and relax in the chandelier bar or try some of the restaurants--- great food and memorable service! I would recommend this Hotel/Casino resort to anyone looking to have a fun time and be surrounded by people looking to enjoy themselves.
4	Very nice hotel. I loved my room on the 40th + floor. I had a spacious room with a great view of Las Vegas. I could see a lot of the other hotels. The staff here was outstanding. Its very high end, walking though make you feel rich. Yes something about this place makes you feel good. Its also part of Marriott and I love Marriott. The only thing that I had a negative thing to say about this is the pools. Yes we went to all the pools. WAY TO SMALL. what where they thinking. Not enough places to set. Dont know how but this needs to get fixed.
4	I've stayed here a few times and have always enjoyed it.  But I will tell you, that you can hear the thump thump thump of the music being played at the pool and clubs till 4 am in the morning, so be cautions of what side of the building you stay.The rooms are remarkable, clean and modern.  It's a big place, and they offer tons of stuff for almost any demographic.  Put on your walking shoes, because it's a big place and you'll be on your feet a lot.  Hope you enjoy it here as much as we did.
5	Okay, I'm a Vegas junkie, and have stayed at quite a few properties on The Strip over the years, but The Cosmo is, by far, my favorite!I just adore the decor!  It's sexy, sleek, and a bit playful.  Modern, but plush.  Naughty, but nice. The rooms are fabulous, and it's the only hotel on The Strip with actual balconies (so The Hangover is no longer accurate! Ha!).There is a phenomenal selection of restaurants and bars (Milos is not to miss, and their 24 hour restaurant, The Henry, is fantastic...shortrib eggs Benedict with caviar, need I say more?).I really appreciate The Cosmo as a wheelchair user - unlike most other popular hotels on The Strip, the entrance to the casino is literally right on the sidewalk...you don't have to travel up a long driveway/entranceway to get to the front door.  Once you enter, it's a straight walk through the casino (on non-carpeted flooring) to get to the room elevators.  Additionally, The Cosmo doesn't have a huge crowd drawer (such as a conservatory, dancing fountains, talking Greek gods, a shopping mall or a resident show of painted acrobats) to create extra chaos for those of us navigating through the casino in a chair, which is a nice change after dodging tourists, Elvis impersonators and people handing out call girl flyers all day.I really love that their bathroom goodies (shampoo, bath gel, etc) are C.G. Bigalow - and they have a pretty full collection of Bigalow products in their gift shop, including their famous and fabulous lip glosses and balms, which I am addicted to.The rooms are great and very accessible - however, my ONE complaint is about the bathroom.  The tile in the bathroom is not slip-resistant.  Kind of silly.  Even if the floor is totally dry, you could easily slide around just wearing socks, which my mom did several times.  Once it is wet, it's a disaster waiting to happen.  Particularly for people with mobility challenges who are able to walk/stand, you need to be extra cautious.I've yet to try Wicked Spoon, but I've heard it's a fantastic buffet (even from folks who aren't the biggest buffet fans, which I am not), and hope to go when I visit next time.
5	The look of this hotel is awesome. Great service in the casino with helpful dealers to walk me thru my first time. Nice rooms with the best views!
1	Walking in to this hotel I was really impressed. I love the playful takes on a classic era. However staying in this hotel was another story. We stayed for 4 days. The hotel staff never cleaned our room. They never dumped our trash or provided clean glasses. They did not vacuum the floors or clean the bathtub. There were hand prints on the mirror that were never windex'd the entire time we were there. They only made the bed and provided new towels. We also walked into our bathroom toilet area reeking of weed. There is no ventilation to another room and it is a separate room to the main bathroom area, so it was obvious it was the staff. We had discovered Secret Pizza which is the best part about the entire hotel! Until a fight broke out inside and after a 30 minute wait no one got pizza because the place was covered in blood and had to be shut down. Due to the concert they chose to hold that evening the Las Vegas Gang unit was all over the hotel, apparently they missed this location. The chandelier bar also is visually amazing, however when you sit and pay $20.00 for a beverage and you have a kid dump their solo cup over the couch on you, it makes it all a bit lack luster.So... when choosing your hotel. I would suggest somewhere with a bit more class.
4	Nice hotel very new and very hype scene. They could have a few places to grab a quick bite without having to spend $50  to grab a quick snack that is my only complaint. Also defiantly not enough chairs at the pool. I know it was memorial weekend but we stayed 4 nights and on the weekend at 10 am the pool was full. People laying on the concrete for the amount you spend to go there i think they need more lounge chairs.  Rooms are nice nothing out of this world. Worth staying but there are definitely better hotels in Vegas.
5	My friend & I were unable to get our room because of overbooking so we stayed at our friends penthouse suite at the Cosmo. This hotel is so sleek & sexy! The room was huge! It has a panoramic view of Vegas overlooking the bellagio fountains. All of the decor was contemporary and upscale. Also if you like to go out marquee is inside the hotel & is one of the hottest spots in Vegas. The outside section of the club is the most fun.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE. All the rooms are superb!! Great service every time. Anytime I visit Vegas, this is my choice of hotel. This place is fun, intimate, crazy, sexy. I invite friends to visit and their always blown away. I've stayed in the One bedroom studio and plenty of nights in the Wraparound Suite. I hate leaving the place too. It's just something about waking up and heading out to the balcony to take in the scene.
5	Where do I begin!!!We came here on a free promotional stay for two nights just for being a player rewards member. Upon check in they upgrade us to an amazing suite for free! Balcony, living room, kitchen , jetted tub and a shower that will fit 10 people .The hotel overall is awesome. They have a chandelier that is breathtaking around the whole property. 3 pools and on Monday nights throw out the summer they play movies on the big screen in the pool, pretty cool. All staff was very polite and hospitible! Food- We had lunch at Holsteins a Kobe burger and a beef BBQ brisket burger. DELICIOUS!!! Probably best burger I have ever had! It was a bit pricy $50 for two burgers,fries and soda but well worth it!Had breakfast at Va Bene . Fresh squeezed orange juice, conoli, and cheese Danish. Seriously I went back everymorning for that cheese Danish it was AMAZING!!!!!One night had dinner at this pizza joint "secreat pizza" it's called that because it has no actual name and its down a hallway it's like a hidden gem. The pizza was very good!Entertainment- marquee nigh club Marquee day club ( pool party) Bond a bar downstairs with girls dancing on the top of the ceiling and a cool DJ Chandelier bar has awesome seating and lot of spaces for a whole party to hang out, Overall I will highly recommend this hotel for an awesome stay .
4	Its comfortable but pricey as a motha. For what you get out of the hottest hotel in vegas for the most expensive stay, i think it should come with a little more inside the hotel room itself. Otherwise, service was excellent and the food and drinks anywhere in that place are amazing.
5	Ah-mazing! We stayed here over christmas break, so I guess they were having a deal on rooms and ended up with one of the rooms with a private terrace facing the Bellagio Fountains! The room was so so so chic, whith hi tech everything, very modern and sleek. I loved the "odd" feeling of the hotel, as the ad campaign says "Just enough wrong" or something like that. It had so many great places to eat and shop. It's perfectly located to the pedestrian bridges, there's a Walgreens just across the street for any forgotten necessities. It didn't feel like grungy gross old vegas that you hear your grandparents wax nostalgic about. This is our generation's Vegas. I'm serious it's well worth checking out (and I'm not getting any royalties or kickbacks from the cosmo, just my honest opinion.)
5	Yelp 100 Challenge * 72/100Cosmo is a work of art in its being! Every detail carved, dangling, shaped, measured, you name it, was done in meticulous carefulness in order to bring nothing less of a glamorous experience. One of my girlfriends pointed out the physics involved in making even light reflections point to the right angles, casting beautiful shadows and colors on just the right areas. We had a nice time relaxing on the sofas outside the Chandelier bar when our feet started to hurt. We further progressed into the artsy areas with the giant black stiletto shoe, cold-staring doggie statues and other fun stuff, all of which were a blast to take pictures with. Did I also mention that this hotel smelled, well, lavish? Perhaps that's because it's new, or they're just great at keeping the cigarette scents away. Third floor up, they even have a pool table for the guys (and occasional girls?) and other fun stuff for the family. Kids won't be bored and mothers have a lot of choices on where to sit! There's artwork in just about every glance, deep meanings embedded behind so art enthusiasts will not be disappointed. Nice change in atmosphere and great place to enjoy yourselves without even spending a buck.
5	Beautiful pop up wedding. The chapel was so helpful and gracious. The flowers were beautiful, the photographer was awesome. Cake pops were yummy. The the Wicked Spoon was awesome for our family. The hotel suite was gorgeous with views of the Bellagio fountains. Lastly, the concierge made everything extra special. Loved the rock shows too.
5	Just wanted to check-in again and mention that it is still awesome. Wouldn't go anywhere else on the strip (unless it's to PH for Earls) - and FWIW, it is not difficult at all to get comped free rooms/etc if you gamle a little bit
5	This hotel does it right!  They always have beautiful clean rooms waiting for you!  This is the second nicest hotel in Vegas behind the Mandarin Oriental.  I love staying here when I visit Vegas.
5	Wrap around terrace suite is amazing! I have taken many pictures on these balconies  over the past couple of years (; We always have a good time staying or being taken here. It is a gorgeous hotel with a great interior, service has always been excellent. We will definitely keep coming back!
5	It was my first visit to Cosmopolitan.. Awesome hotel, amenities and location. Overall I was pretty impressed with the hotel. The hotel is very upscale. Not the best place to bring kids. Nice decor. The hotel is rather small. There are fewer restaurants than many of the other hotels. Stay in the east tower if possible....
4	Modern, clean, great service.  More of a younger vibe. Sort of MTV meets the Jersey Shore.
5	had a nice big room.
4	Me and the girls stayed here for a girly weekend and it was the perfect place! The decor was awesome and the rooms were fresh, clean and modern with a strange touch of kinky? There was a window to the shower and the shades were on the outside so there's a possibility you could get exposed during your shower. Haha. Luckily me and my girlfriends were nice and only exposed someones ankle once. Oh my!
5	For my first time being there I could say it was a fun experience. 1: Perfect place to stay if you want to party all day and all night, Why? Pool party in the day and it was crackin and also club marquee at night.2: Very convenient With a good amount of restaurants around and a decent convenient store to buy snacks and hydrated drinks.3: Room service was really good.And all guest service were really nice and helpful. Security guards don't hate.( not like some other clubs and pool parties)
1	room service very poor... i had cigars on my terrace from the last costumers every day i was there...plus dust all over....not what we expected at all....
5	If you happen to find a good deal to stay at The Cosmopolitan, then go for it even if it's just for one night. Staying here is worth every penny. I found a good deal for the Terrace Suite, and the room was amazing! This one-bedroom, two-bath hotel room was very spacious. It had a full kitchen complete with a microwave, oven, stove, refrigerator, freezer, and mini-bar area. It also had a small dining room area with a booth and a wooden table. The living room was comprised of a blue velvet sofa, flat-screen TV, and desk area. The hotel room also comes with a huge balcony which means you have a lot of space to throw a party if you wanted to. You also get a view of the Bellagio fountains. The bedroom area comes with a huge, comfortable King-sized bed and a reclining sofa. It also comes with another flat-screen TV. The larger of the two bathrooms was huge! It comes with 2 sinks, a large shower, and a large bathtub that has jacuzzi sets. Having your very own jacuzzi in your own hotel room was very relaxing! The bathrooms also comes with amenities such as shampoo, conditioner, shower gel, soap, toothpaste, and toothbrush. The room is also very high-tech. You just hit one button to turn on all of the lights and another button to turn off all of the lights in the entire hotel room. The closet also has bathrobes that you can use and complimentary slippers. The Cosmopolitan is also has an excellent location. It's right next to Bellagio so you can take pictures at the Conservatory. It's right across the street from Planet Hollywood. You can talk a walkway to get there and go shopping at the Miracle Mile Shops. The Cosmopolitan also has Wicket Spoon which is one of the best buffets on the Vegas Strip. It's so convenient to stay here. I would love to come back here again.I didn't get to use any of their pools but I did take a look at them. If you want to get the Boulevard pool, you have to use the elevator at the Eastside Tower. If you want to use the Bamboo pool, you have to use the Westside Tower elevators. The entrance of the Comospolitan turns into a lounge at night with live music and dancers. The lighting effects look really cool.
5	I hardly ever look forward to Vegas..............but I never turn down a girls trip either!!!  Staying at The Cosmopolitan has COMPLETELY changed my opinion of Vegas and can't wait to go back.Totally a different vibe with this fabulously posh hotel.  Tons of good looking people, great shopping, hip clubs, and none of that funky smelling carpet I typically associate with this town.  In fact, if gambling isn't your thing (definitely not mine) you won't even feel like you are in Vegas.  Not much need to even leave the premises cuz everything earthly experience you want/need can be accomplished here!
5	Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas has to be the hottest hotel on the strip to this day, right when they opened their doors to the public.  From their sleek modern design, all the way to their vast selection of hotel rooms to choose from makes Cosmopolitan stand out from the rest. As you observe their hotel layout while walking around you can't help but to stumble upon their gambling floor. Though their gambling options may not compare in size to other hotels, none the less they surely make up by offering other options to their guests. The next big attention getter hands down has to be Marquee Day & Night Club. While looking to show off your hard worked bodies and dancing to the most modern selection of music, Marquee is your go to place to party it up during the day. If you rather relax and save your energy during the day and want to party it up at night, please believe Marquee is still your go too. This club has to be the biggest I've been able to walk through to this day, offering various spots to choose from. Their main stage area usually play EDM music, and you can find the same selection of music at their outdoor area as well. If that is not what you are looking to party it up with, no sweat they offer another downstairs room called "BOOMBOX" where they play you very selection of Hip/Hop. Personal the BOOMBOX is my favorite. A lot of other clubs don't offer a good selection to choose from when it comes to purchasing drinks at a bar, but with Marquee they literally have 6 (Entry way, side of main stage, front of main stage, outdoor near main stage, outdoor behind projector screen, and the last one located in the Boombox) different bars to choose from.If you are not looking to partying it up during the day isn't your forte, and you just want to lounge around a pool area, the beauty about Cosmopolitan is that they offer two different pool areas to choose from. One is located on the third floor, and other which is located on one of the middle floors of the hotel. (I was faded when I went so I am not 100% sure which floor, but it is somewhere between 14-16).If you are looking to shop Cosmopolitan has numerous stores to choose from located on their second floor right above their gambling area, and the same floor for Marquee's main entrance. They have stores that cater not only to the ladies, but they also offer stores that cater to the gentlemen as well.Finally the eateries, they offer a few options to select from on the second floor where the shopping area is located as well, but their main attraction is the world famous "Wicked Spoon" which has been featured on Food Paradise Buffet episode. Their prices are more reasonable then compared to their competition (I.e WYNN), and their selection definitely will get the tummy growling and mouth drooling so make sure to come hungry. On the low, this buffet will definitely help cope with your hangover as well.
5	Just one of the great hotels that I visit/stay.The hotel is very hip and definitely for younger crowd.The staffs are friendly and knowledgable.Great service.Depending on the rooms you booked, the view is awesome.I like staying here.
5	Love one of the newest hotels on the strip...There rooms are pretty new so that's a +
5	This hotel is freakin' AMAZING. Georgous. Stunning. Awesome buffet (don't skip out on Wicked Spoon)! Shopping. Nice lounges. Marquee. So glam & chic, what's not to like?!
1	I'm going home at 10:35pm instead of sleeping here.  This will be detailed, so if you want a summary:  this is a beautiful property that does not execute a single bit of hospitality. If you are not tattooed with sleeves, or if you can string an entire sentence together without the word "like" or "f*ck", you are not the target market here. On first glance, the room was beautiful the decor was well thought out and we were excited. But as we wnt to sleep, a light randomly turned itself on twice, as did the jacuzzi bathtub. Also, when we turned on the fan in the bathroom the stench of cigarette smoke was nauseating. These are 100% non-smoking rooms...supposedly. Housekeeping was very nice and changed the air filter in our bathroom, and we unplugged our lamps. We had a nice day of pool and dinner (Scarpetta is 5-star).  On our second night the stench of cigarettes from the hallway was ridiculous. I call downstairs and security said they were going to send someone up to break up the "in hallway party" but nobody ever came. To make matters worse, they had a "dive in movie" playing outside and the sound was so loud it was louder than our TV. No sleeping with that. It was a double feature: with the first movie at 730 and the second movie starting at 10 p.m.  I found this information by talking to the operator and when I said it was so loud no one can sleep here his only response was "the movie ends somewhere around midnight."  I am home now and crafting this review leaving my bed empty at the Cosmo.
5	Stayed at this wonderful hotel for three days and two nights this past week and never felt compelled to hit the casino because there's just so much positive energy everywhere else. I never actually saw the casino, unlike most other Strip hotels where you have to trudge through a stinky haze of blue smoke past the slots to get to the elevators, Cosmo's elevators are right next to the Reception up front.My room (junior suite?) was on the 23rd floor in the west tower and I had a magnificent view of the Bellagio fountains and the Eiffel Tower. The room itself is decked out with modern furniture, artsy coffee table books and hipster paintings. Also had a sweet balcony with a couch and ottoman (though admittedly the couch wasn't the most comfortable, but it was like 106 degrees outside so I didn't spend much time on the balcony). Huge bathroom features wonderful Bigelow soaps and products. If I could move in to this place, I would. Had dinner at Blue Pearl with some friends and everything was excellent, especially the octopus appetizer! Afterwards we took the party to Chandelier, and much like the rest of the hotel the vibe was well dressed, affluent 30-40somethings out to have a great time. Great selection of 'mixologist' type cocktails. Just so much fun. I can't wait to return to Cosmo, the coolest hotel in Vegas.
4	The hotel is really nice and has the best buffet on the strip in Wicked Spoon.  There is also some nice stores and other more casual restaurants.  The club scene is pretty extensive in that there's always people all times of the day.
5	Neat looking hotel & casino...inside and out.  Very modern!  I went here with my family to try the Wicked Spoon buffet (it was okay).  I really like the way this place is decorated on the inside.  They have this cool area on the 3rd floor with a pool table, fooseball table, and other activities just out in the open to play around with.  The decor is intriguing and cool.
5	This is one of the most beautiful hotels we have ever stayed in. When you enter the lobby its like a friggn acid trip. The pillars have moving pictures in them, I couldn't stop staring because their are like naked people images pressing against the screen, it was unbelievable! True art and very futuristic. The rooms are so pretty and the parking is easy. No problem with cell phones and our iPads, like other hotels. The room we had was quiet and relaxing with a deep bathtub that I had the pleasure of using this morning. We've stayed at a lot of hotels and this definetly one of my faves! My husband just informed me we have an upgraded room, lucky me!
4	I love the Cosmo. It has the best night club in Vegas, the hotel rooms are nice, the ambiance in the casino is lavish, and the restaurants are awesome. The casino leaves much to offer however since it doesn't have many tables, doesn't have a poker room, and doesn't have a sports book. I would suggest getting a Terrace suite at the least because they come with a balcony.  The even more expensive suites were made for parties, since they come with full kitchens and huge refrigerators to stock with your own alcohol and food.  I also love the fact that you get into Marquee for FREE on Thurs, Fri, or Sun if you stay at the Cosmo.  You may have to grab some girls in line and pretend you are going in with them due to Vegas guy to girl ratio, but hey, saving $50 at the door is no joke.  Don't forget to go to Secret Pizza(next door to Marquee) for late night munchies! =)
5	Our balcony suite was the best room in Vegas we ever had. We watched the Bellagio fountain from our balcony every night from our room it was like being in the middle of the strip! WOW! our room was amazing and the casino was fun. Probably would not stay anywhere else again.
5	My wife and I have stayed at the Cosmopolitan twice in the last four months. As any business finds itself, it improves and can go from ok to outstanding! That's what has happened at the Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas.A little background. As I understand it, the Cosmopolitan was originally supposed to be a condo complex, designed and built during the condo boom in Vegas. But in the real estate meltdown of 2008 a number of the developments suffered. The biggest name among those was in the City Center complex, across the street. I'm not sure what exactly happened to this complex, but the owners decided to move forward as a hotel property instead. Eventually, Marriott purchased and opened the property. The Cosmopolitan opened May 2012. The property is beautiful, elegant and is a perfect fit for its location between City Center and the Bellagio properties. During our first visit, we had a suite on the 59th floor, this time we had "City Rooms" on the 40th floor. But, like everything that's new, it takes a while to get up to speed. During our first trip, we had a number of small problems that marred the trip. This time, those problems have not just been resolved, but the level of service has improved dramatically. Here's one example... In February, we went to check in for our flight home at the terminals that were supplied. Frustrating and did not work. Went back this time, and the bellman told us that the terminals were not up to their standards and they tossed them. He then took us over to the concierge, who got us check in and printed our boarding passes. I also have to thank Rico, one of the service team leaders who made it his mission to make sure that our stay went well... And yes Rico, the "fire breathing dragon" is a great drink to enjoy at the main bar.Bottom line: We'll be back, and hope that the team that is running the Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas continues to make this property a great place to enjoy, "just the right amount of wrong."
5	You gotta help me outIt's all a blur last nightWe need a taxi'Cause you're hung over and I'm brokeNot broke, but with unemployment comes the opportunity to play a little. Quitting my line of work however is harder than leaving the Mob. Partly my fault as I am a bit of a work-a-holic and am doing my best to rid myself of a paycheck (for now).I'm sure the boss people at The Cosmopolitan have been sitting on pins and needles waiting for me to post my review. I mean 1400 plus postings and mine would surely put this beautiful property over the top.I've gotten too old for hotels that attract kids running up and down hallways, screaming 20 somethings next door slamming doors and trays of smelling food left outside of rooms. The Cosmopolitan caters towards an older crowd like myself (pushing 40 dude). With this you will encounter spotless halls without any of chaos that other hotels on the strip seem to attract (I'm looking at you Hard Rock...though you aren't on The Strip so umm yeah).You wanna cash outAnd get the hell outta townDon't be a babyRemember what you told meI do remember what you told me and that's why I let you book our hotel. Because of our most recent stay I am now liking Vegas just a little more than I used to. It's not just a place for kids to party. In a city that is always about the "next big thing", I would be perfectly fine if from now all my future stays in Vegas are right here.
1	Pet friendly? We had the most horrible experience with the "pet friendly" hotel. Myles the manager wanted to board our dogs after finding that we didn't bring vaccination records. We would have brought them...IF SOMEONE HAD MENTIONED IT BEFORE-HAND!! When we checked in, we let the girl know we needed a pet-friendly room. She didn't say anything about the Vaccination records. 2 nights later, they let us know that it was required, but it was Saturday evening, when our Vet's office is closed. They locked us out of our room, with the dogs inside the room and wouldn't allow us in to get them until they sorted out the situation.  They were so rude and unapologetic . We decided to leave that night. We will never use the Cosmo EVER again. They still charged us for the night that we left. We can't believe how rude Claire the General Manager was and apathetic to our situation.
5	Everytime I was SUPPOSED to come to Vegas, the plans ALWAYS fell through! That really made me mad! But not this time! I came here back in April with my friends from LA. There were about 17 of us and we all pitched in and got one of the most fabulous suites in the hotel! The view was spectacular. WE HAD A BLAST! Our whole trip consisted of: Pool from 10am-5pm (like a work shift, lol) Power nap from 6-7pm, Panda Express at 7:30pm, Walking the strip from 8pm-12am,  Clubbing from 1am-7am, Sleeping for about 3 hours or less,  Back at the pool at 10am.ALL WHILE BEING DRUNK THE ENTIRE TIME. The hotel is grand and super swanky and fabulous and the staff at the hotel were super chill & I could tell they enjoy their jobs.  Its located right across from Fat Tuesday's and Panda Express and the mall that has Spice Market inside (forgot what the mall's name is). I'm so stoked that we stayed here. This will forever be my go to Vegas hotel.
3	Pretty standard hotel - I can't really think of anything that stood out to me in terms of service or experience, so this is going to be a pretty short review!
5	I love the Cosmopolitan.  It's by far my favorite resort in Vegas.  They really do offer a lot here in comparison to other hotels.  Stayed in a Terrace Studio recently and I loved the room.  The room was spacious, there was a living room area with a couch, bar/kitchen area with a microwave, dishwasher, sink, large shower, separate bath tub.  The room also had a balcony which I absolutely loved.  This stay, our room had a view of the Vegas Strip and faced Planet Hollywood directly.  Below, was a view of the Boulevard Pool.  Monday nights in the summer, the Cosmopolitan has Dive In movies.  We didn't have to go down to the Boulevard Pool to watch though since we could catch everything from the balcony of our room--pretty cool. The Bamboo Pool and Boulevard Pool was really relaxing during the day.  I enjoyed the food that we ordered at the pool, I had a Chicken Pita Sandwich and the edamame, both were delicious. The pool area was calming and relatively quiet unless of course you go to Marquee Dayclub.  The Boulevard Pool area has foosball tables, pool tables and better music as opposed to the Bamboo Pool.  I guess it's probably why the Boulevard Pool boasted a younger and more hip crowd. Service was amazing at the Cosmo, everyone I encountered was really friendly and helpful.  I love everything about the Cosmopolitan EXCEPT for the gambling.  I never seem to have had much luck here, but maybe I'll try again the next trip!
3	If you're super young this place is perfect. The rooms are really nice but I was there for business so it was just a little too crazy.When checking in, it took FOREVER because it was after 10pm and somehow that makes it more difficult.  That was a bit frustrating.
5	I used to live in Vegas, went to college out there. The Strip was my home for a little while. It does get tiring. But the Cosmopolitan brings me back to Vegas. With the new growth of the Strip brings new talent, architecture, innovation, and design. The Lobby doors greet you with an organized line. Each Front Desk Agent does his or her check in with time. & in a place like Vegas, this is more than welcome. Stylish decor. This Autograph Collection Hotel ornaments their Floors & their Staff. Award winning Food & Beverage Outlets across the board, award winning venues across the board, and the rule is you cant sit at the bar if you don't drink up. The rooms are spacious. Highly organized with followups, and the spacious bathroom and the touch of laundry bags with a one liner helps. The Cosmopolitan is now one of my Hotels of choice for Las Vegas. The Autograph Collection is one to remember. If you go to Vegas, enjoy a little of your time at The Cosmo.
1	Let me start by saying what a horrible experience i had in this hotel. I travel from New York to Las Vegas at least twice a year and i always stay at high end hotels.I decided to give this place a chance but they failed miserably.When i just arrived they took 3 hours to find my east tower studio terrace room because they were "sold out". After i requested to speak to general floor supervisor the room magically appeared available that moment. Second day being in a hotel my room was never cleaned. I called 5 times to cleaning extension i had to be on hold for 15 minutes each time before they picked up the phone. I requested to speak to a manager and  told him my room wasn't cleaned for whole day. Still cleaning lady never arrived that day so i had to reuse wet towels and sleep on unmade bed. Next day at 4 pm she finally arrived and did her job.They charge you $25 resort fee that includes internet wifi. On third day wifi did not work for maybe 7 hours. To go in to one of their pools i had to pay money, plus they send me upstairs 2 times to get my ID and change to a proper shirt. As if tank top would not fit in pool environment.Staff is rude, service is poor. Will never come back there again!
4	Awesome hotel and you get the vibe of a young and hip crowd than some of the other hotels on the strip.
5	STUNNING!!!!!!!!!!!!! this casino was SO beautiful. just go walk around. thats all I did. maybe next time we will stay there - perfect location!
5	Breathtaking hotel!  Might be the nicest hotel I've ever stayed at in Vegas.
4	One star for the room - studio with balcony - the room was great. Bigger than my old studio in nyc.One star for the bamboo pool. Very relaxing pool and great drinks.One star for the 1.5 floor chandelier bar.  The drinks were creative and awesome. The fire breathing dragon and new old fashion were favs. Really great bartenders. One star for the wicked spoon. Wish i was hungrier during the lunch. They had me at bone marrow. The gelatos were delicious too. The angry Mac n cheese stood out to me.Only negative was service. I wasn't very impressed with the staff especially the check in procedure. Noone offered to help with bags. They let my girlfriend and I fight our way thru the lobby with them. Also not the best service at the bamboo pool. They were slow and hard to find when you wanted a drink.  Another negative was the restaurants.  They came off more looking like food courts than upscale restaurants.  We took our dinner business outside of the hotel.  I was also surprised how small and slow the gaming area was.
4	Ok, I've loved this hotel for a long time and been here many times, but I finally booked a room!! We stayed in a very large room with a HUGE bathroom! The room had two tvs (if that tells you how big it was) a balcony which was nice in the evenings...  The service was good as well. We ate in the hotel three times (China Poblano, Jaleos, and Wicked Spoon) all of which were great!! The decor is FABULOUS!!! LOVE the attention to detail! Lots of colors and textures throughout... very visually stimulating.
2	Ugh. Found dirty used tissues and miscellaneous wrappers in the nightstand drawer. When I called the front desk to ask for someone to clean up the room: "we can send someone in two hours". I'm paying how much to stay here?
4	Stayed here for a 5-day 15th anniversary trip in a wrap-around corner suite.Pros:  The room was fantastic; exactly what we were looking for with a view of a significant portion of the strip, including the fountains at the Bellagio next door.  Two spacious showers, large televisions, and a well furnished and comfortable balcony.   The hotel itself is exceptional.  Excellent pools, very clean casino, good floor staff, and a good layout.  Cleaning staff was friendly and in-and-out of our room the moment we would leave.  Security was awesome - our keys turned off on the last night and security was up to help us within three minutes (timed it).Cons: Check-in staff was abysmal.  First, the booking was duplicated in their system with the wrong room type and duration.  After correcting the tenure of the stay, we were promptly checked in to the wrong room.  More confusion from the staff, and then a very competent manager was able to resolve the issue in five minutes (after we played around with the regular staff forever) and get us the right room.  When we went by to get our luggage from the bellhop, they suggested we just give them the room number and they'd have it right up.  Two hours and three phone calls later, we just went back down and grabbed it up ourselves.  Conversations with other guests revealed similar experiences and the supposition that they were just overwhelmed that day.Neutral:  As mentioned in other reviews, there is a significant population of young party people which I assume is this hotel's target demo.  No one was too crazy while we were there, and they were all pretty respectful of the other guests - this was not a spring break type crowd.  Oddly, there was a large amount of noise from the parties in the pools areas that sort of carried straight upward (to the 53rd floor), but this is to be expected in Vegas on the strip so not a big deal.Overall:  Very happy with the hotel and accommodations.  Would be five stars if I could wish away that check-in.
5	I stay here every time I come to vegas.  The hotel has two guest towers with a long and narrow casino at the bottom.  I like how small the casino feels compared to places like Cesar's Palace or MGM.The guest rooms are great (at least the ones that I have stayed in).  I usually stay in a studio terrace room view of the Bellagio fountain.   The studio terrace with a fountain view is by far one of the best rooms I have stayed at in Vegas and the pit bosses and casino hosts are not shy about giving comped. rooms.Last time we did a cabana at Bamboo, that was pretty dope and the service was really good.If you get late night munchies, be sure to hit up the Henry and get the truffle tater tots with whatever you order, they are the shit.Overall, it's hard to beat the crowd and quality of the rooms here.  I highly recommend Cosmo if you're looking to have a good time in Vegas.
5	Best drinks at the Chandelier room! Go here if you want to feel like you're in a boutique hotel or a speak easy. They are super inventive, they make their own cherry coke and put leather infused something or other into a drink. Also their service is outstanding. This place is so good, I went here every night when I was in Vegas. Yup, that good.
5	Hands down my favorite hotel on the strip.  Extremely modern, very hip, and great amenities.  I've stayed here twice and both times I got the Terrace One Bedroom, which is quite a decent sized room.  Kitchenette, nice long couch, desk, closet, two TVs, a bedroom separated from the living area with a rotoscoping door, and a fantastic bathroom with a large walk-in shower and, in this particular room, a Japanese soaking tub.  It's not a tub you can really lounge in, but it's deeper than normal tubs meant for sitting like in a Japanese bath house (I think, never really been to a Japanese bath house).The hotel itself makes you want to dress up and go a little classier than Vegas requires.  The casino itself is kinda small, but I'm not a huge gambler (only a couple hundred bucks everytime I'm in Vegas) so it didn't bother me that it was small.  Try the Wicked Spoon buffet, which is absolutely fantastic and probably one of the best on the strip I've had.  Their asian food selection was kinda meh, but they had plenty of seafood choices and some unique spin on some dishes.  It almost feels like I'm at a tapas buffet because they serve almost everything in its own little dish so your plate is full of little dishes rather than a pile of food.  Every room in the Cosmo has its own outdoor terrace which is rare in a Vegas hotel.  This makes the Cosmo room a great place to chill outside and have some cocktails and enjoy the Vegas view and breeze (or, if during summer, the searing hot winds).  Be warned, if you want a quiet hotel at night, you either need to be on the West Tower or high on the East Tower.  The Marquee Nightclub and Dayclub are LOUD and, even on the 53rd floor, we could hear the craziness if we kept the terrace door open.  Even closed, we could somewhat feel the bass as the GF and I tried to sleep.Speaking of the Marquee, it's still a super hot club in Vegas and the last time I was there (Feb 2012), ATB was DJing and it was an incredible show.  A table for 14 people was a 5 bottle min I believe.  I was sad we couldn't kill the last bottle of Grey Goose :(  But I know we were there from around 10pm-4am and I know I had a GREAT time!The only downside is that because the Cosmo is a hot hotel, it's really hard to find a good deal.  The City Rooms are your basic hotel rooms with two beds and a bathroom and closet, nothing special.  I've not stayed in a City Room so I don't know if there's a balcony or not.  The next step up from the City Room is the Terrace Studio which I think you should start with at the minimum.  I would say if you're paying at most $150 for the Terrace One Bedroom, you're getting a deal.  It's normally $300 or more/night (during Thurs-Sat).
5	I love love love the cosmopolitan!!!Stayed here for EDC weekend from Friday to Tuesday (was lucky enough to get a free wraparound suite in the east tower. Shoutout to Tiffany C. For hooking it up). I wont go too much into the lobby and the shopping area since everyone can just go and check it out without having to stay here.Onto the room! We stayed at East tower room 5293 and 5292. The room(s) is amazing!! Very modern and has ample amnenities for whatever you need. The best part of the room is of course the balcony! On one side we had the perfect view of the Bellagio fountain and when you turn the corner there is Marquee right below us! Free dayclub shows? Count me in! It was perfect to lounge on the balcony to enjoy the sun and the music below after a hectic night of partying.Being able to hear Marquee from your room is a good and bad thing. When we arrived on Friday we were very tired and tried to get a quick nap in before EDC. But it was hard to sleep to the sound of Armin chants and their fireworks going off. Im not going to deduct a star for that because we had no trouble sleeping at night. This was my 4th time staying at The Cosmopolitan and you can count on me returning in the near future!PS get the electric blue lemonade when you are in the casino! It is delicious!!Pictures coming soon!
1	This is a difficult hotel to rate, but I decided to rate it anyway.  I have to say up front that I am not a fan of Vegas, and that is a huge understatement.  I only went to this hotel because it was the conference hotel for a convention that required my attendance.  Many of my concerns could likely apply to other hotels on the strip.  That said, there were several public areas that were smoky.  I found it disheartening that so many of the women who worked in this hotel were dressed in uniforms that lacked modesty.  The guest room itself was impressive, though it is not one to share with someone who you don't want to be naked around.  There are glass doors that serve as a wall between the bedroom and the shower.  Others I was at the conference with described the shower area as like the set for a porn movie.  I don't disagree.  The lighting in the room turns on and off depending upon where you are in the room -- a 'green friendly' feature, but at times annoying.  Still, you can tell the hotel is very new and economical from an energy standpoint, and well constructed.  You have to walk through Casino areas to get to many places where you have to go in the hotel -- not a surprise, but also unpleasant for those of us (like me) who find such areas highly depressing.  One thing that was particularly difficult was finding any food options that were even moderately priced.  Everything anywhere close to this hotel was very, very expensive.  In a later visit to Vegas (again, required by another conference, it was a bad year), I stayed in another hotel that had some more low-moderate cost options.  Overall, I found that the facilities in this hotel were well constructed, staff were certainly attentive, and for what they are selling (an experience focused on the hope of winning money that almost all people won't win and wouldn't even make those who win it very happy anyway) and looking at women who are wearing very little in ways that objectify them, some customers may find some satisfaction.  As for me, I prefer other options.
5	I stayed at The Cosmopolitan in April of 2013 and this is the best Hotel ever...very very nice staff and Awesome Suites with balconies! They even give you a room key with your name printed on it :-) how cool is that! Can't wait to go back.
2	I booked TWO rooms for my and my friends to have a good time in Las Vegas! We love Vegas but will definitely stay at  a different hotel at our next visit.First, we checked into our first room at 1:30! Yay, one room was ready! and our 2nd room was suppose to be the connecting room next door, but.. that didn't end up happening. :( our 2nd room was not ready until 6:15pm and wasn't even the connecting room! And in our 2nd room we didn't have shampoo or conditioner!! So I had to call for them to bring it up but it took them 1 hour to do so because the runner was all backed up! Aye mi. That was just the beginning... Then we called to go to Marque and the concierge put us down, but later we found out from a promoter the club wasn't even open that night! (Thursday on 4th of July!) only one of the rooms (Boombox, which isn't the main one) was open! The concierge failed to tell us that! Anyways, I don't want to keep complaining BUT I will say for a luxury hotel, their staff from the receptionist desk to the concierge, to the security that didn't know where things was or how much the buffet cost all need some training. On the job training is NOT enough! I think for this price, the room and staff definitely could have been better. I would stay at an older but more experienced hotel.Hope this helps!
3	I want to like Cosmo, I do.  It's new, somewhat hip.  The layout is just... strange.  The restaurants are ok, but nothing special.  Way too many douchey guys.  In fact, that's my beef with this place.  It's a hipster's paradise.  Younger crowd.  The girls are all living out some Sex and the City fantasy.   The boys are trying their best to be cool. The one positive... hot cocktail waitresses (though Bellagio is still my favorite).   Not a fan.  If you're in your 20's, though... you'll probably want to stay here.
4	Love the hotel....staff is outstanding and so helpful. Rooms are very nice especially when you get an upgrade. One bedroom suites are HUGE!Location is great...hotel is in the middle of everything! Can't ask for a better VEGAS Hotel.
2	We were four night at The Cosmopolitan, Terrace Studio and maybe in our case its better to say "what happened in Vegas...."The design of the hotel is overwhelming, the reception area is incredible!! Too bad that when i asked the concierge who designed the place i caused embarrassment and not more ;-)Restaurants and food were great.B U T .... here it comes:Cleaning guys - wow!! The bedding had left overs from previous visitors makeup... i dont want to think of want else was there that wasn't cleaned... The nice beautiful sofa at the room looked like it was cleaned about a year ago - the area below the pillow was disgusting and sitting there was pretty much.... itchy. Swimming pool, the Bamboo, couldn't even once offer as many seats as visitors. Weird!! Standing in NV heat, searching, wondering and craving for a seat (not talking about two or four....) - wow! Or a piece of shade... sun shade... the tall yellow ones are broken - ?! No extra blue? Is the hotel that poor? At this time of the season??The concierge services was changed by the day; by the shift; by the people... Inconsistencies at the service. Overall  it was a d i s a p p o i n t i n g experience! Too bad, looked promising.
5	If you want THE Las Vegas experience, go here. There's no other way to put it, nothing else to add. It's THE place to be/go.
4	Hyper hubris that has plenty of luxury and lounging space without the gambling clamor always in your face. "Cosmopolitan" has stayed faithful to its own name, in that respect. We're still far off from a fortress of solitude, not unless you stay in one of their decadently plum rooms. But in off-season, this is the place I'd like to return to. Without the horde of people, this is cosmo-ritzy. #historymaking
5	Beautiful hotel and the Wicked Spoon buffet is one of the best in town.
5	Where to start with this place? It's everything Vegas should be, and will be in the near future. Great venues to lounge out, a modern casino with a great vibe, delicious dining options from the high-end STK to the dirt cheap Secret Pizza , and not to mention beautiful rooms that make you realize just how poorly you've decorated your home and how uncomfortable your furniture is. I made some of the best memories of my life at The Cosmopolitan. I rang in New Years Eve with Stevie Wonder in 2012, threw up in a private bathroom and blacked out for 4 hours the same night, came back and got married exactly one year later, and watched several members of my immediate family get alcohol poisoning. The staff here is 5* the whole way around. The bartenders, security, front desk agents, and restaurant employees all treat you like regulars that have been coming for years. Every trip to Vegas I see Cosmo staff seeking out people to make even the smallest things in a trip be more enjoyable for their guests. For example, this past 4th of July weekend I saw what I assume was a manager on the 2nd floor near Holsteins step in when he saw a group of tourists taking pictures in front of the Chandelier Bar to snap a few shots so all of the group could be in them. It seems like a small gesture, but when they are multiplied by 100 every trip and all over the resort, it's hard not to love the place.As far as gambling goes, for someone in their mid 20's the only place that comes close to having such a great vibe is Planet Hollywood, but I prefer Cosmo's music selection which features tons of Stevie Wonder and Charlie Wilson when it comes to gambling environment. Can't wait to get back for New Years Eve to celebrate my anniversary and see who they have performing this year.
4	When I grow up I want to stay at the Cosmo. This place is the sexiest casino/resort on the strip and has the best looking people as well.
4	I came here for July 4th weekend with the BF and lots of friends.  I had heard that this is THE hotel for young, party minded people, who enjoy the scene.  Without a doubt, that sentiment rings true.  This hip hotel is constantly buzzing with partiers, young people, and lots of excitement.  Add onto that great restaurants and shopping, a terrific gaming and loyalty program, beautiful rooms and amenities, and a fantastic location on the Strip.Pros:-Great location on the Strip; right between City Center and The Bellagio, across from Planet Hollywood-Drop dead gorgeous room with great bath amenities and outstanding views (we had a terrace view that faced the Bellagio fountains.  Simply incredible).-An extremely comfortable bed-Excellent, roomy shower-Boulevard Pool was the perfect place to chill and lounge for the day to soak up the sun and scene-Great array of fine and casual dining restaurants and shops, including the buffet-Check-in and Check-out procedures were fast and easy; desk staff were attentive and eager to make my stay better-Casino was perfectly sized; not too big, not too small, didn't overwhelm me.Cons:-We forgot to remove our Do Not Disturb sign before 4 the first day, called three times to have the room made up, and the room still didn't get made up.  They did compensate by at least bringing fresh towels and taking out our trash that night.-Front desk hard to reach via in-room phone; found it easier to call the hotel from my cell or go down to the front desk myself-Guest room hallways were kinda drabOverall, I would definitely recommend staying here if you're young and like to party and want to make the most of your Vegas getaway.
4	The Cosmopolitan is a beautiful hotel - I didn't stay here but the mall and casino areas are really nice and they have one of the best buffets on the strip (Wicked Spoon). On the day we went there was an odd sewer/dirty baby diaper smell near where we were playing and the smell wouldn't go away, so I think they were having issues with their plumbing...yuck.
3	The right amount of wrong... agreeThe only thing to see is the chandelier bar... Don't understand all the hype... Not easy to get around... dead spaces ..architectural disaster... Wanna be Philip Stark/ Ian Schrager...That's all I can say
2	It was my first time ever coming to Las Vegas. I was hoping the experience would be just like everyone says it is. 'Vegas is... VEGAS! *wink wink.. hint hint*' I stayed here for 5 nights because my cousin was having her wedding in Vegas. The whole hotel experience was completely awful. The hotel receptionists were abruptly rude and incompetent. And you figure, you are paying a costly amount to stay at a place like this ($$$), you'd figure their customer service would be phenomenal.To sum it up, every time you asked a question.. the answer varied from receptionist to receptionist with no definite answer. Their idea of professionalism seemed to be described as: it's okay to have attitude with hotel guests, it's okay to look annoyed, it's okay to be snappy, forward, and catty. All this hotel room dilemma didn't get solved until we spoke directly to their hotel manager. But still, after all the commotion that happened in the lobby, it basically spoiled my perception of this grand hotel. One thing that I did love about the hotel was definitely the entire downstairs. No hotel can compare to how 'lovely' / 'girly' it looks. It's beyond beautiful. I would think every lady would appreciate their decor. Their chandelier stair case is absolutely stunning! If you're having a night out with the girls, stop by and take a picture here. Their rooms are not as great as you would hope. (Especially not for the price you are paying) It's a simple room. Decor is blah. The best thing in the room was the wall paper in the toilet room. The only thing I liked was their balcony scenery of the strip. I would definitely come back to visit their casino/dining/shopping areas but will not come back and stay.
3	I enjoyed my stay here, but anything above 4 stars is crazy. It's nice, but very pricey. I only stayed here because my company was paying for me to attend a conference. The one thing that rubbed me the wrong way is my shower door was about ready to come out of the wall.  That glass shower door probably weighed a couple hundred pounds and would surely have caused some major damage had it come off the wall. Plus, there was a nasty stain on my carpet right in the middle of the room. My expectations are a bit high since I consider this property to be a "high-end" property. Perhaps my expectations are bit too high. Maintenance did come right away and fixed the door, but I just expect that when I arrive that I shouldn't have to call maintenance so I don't get crushed by a huge shower glass door. Again, maybe my expectations are bit too high, but that's how I feel about this experience.Overall, my stay was good, but not great.
3	This hotel is designed with the upper class yuppie hipster in mind.  I love the shower/jacuzzi bath combo in the rooms, you have to get into the shower to get to a very deep tub, I like the set up.  Get a spot at the Boulevard pool early, it fills up fast and gets very crowded, not a good place for young kids, but kids over 10 or 12 should have fun there, the Bamboo pool is more relaxing.  This hotel feels a bit pretentious for a family vacation, but is the place to party for those unburden by offspring and for an outrageous amount of extra cash they are also pet friendly.  Marquee was too packed for me to ever attempt to go, but I did walk by at 1am one night while they were throwing "free" flip-flops into the crowd (you know your night club is serious if they toss out free footware when the drunk girls start carrying their stilettos). Be sure to try the Nutella Gelato at Va Benne Caffe, OMG if you have ever wanted to eat Nutella by the spoonful this is the way, yum... I was not impressed with the "Italian Fusion" restaurant Scarpeta, nothing Italian on that menu.
4	If you want the hip, luxury Vegas experience -- stay at the Cosmopolitan.  This hotel is THE place to be.  It's located on the strip at the beautiful City Center next to Aria and Vdara, across from Planet Hollywood and opposite of Bellagio. (Depending on where your room is, you could also see the Bellagio fountains!)  This hotel is swanky and modern, and definitely the most beautiful hotel on the strip (so far).  From crystal chandeliers to artwork to drapery, the decor throughout the hotel and casino is simply gorgeous.  If you plan to club at Marquee Dayclub or Nightclub, it's located on the 3rd floor of the hotel.The rooms are actual rooms (vs. some hotels whose smallest room is a suite), but you get of amenities for what you pay for!  We stayed in a City Room which had a huge bathroom, comfortable bed, and the softest bathrooms and slippers -- ever!  As for the casino, it's a bit smaller than other casinos, but I (surprisingly) didn't spend a lot of time on the floor during this trip so I didn't mind.The service throughout our stay was friendly and efficient, housekeeping definitely took care of our rooms for us when we were gone, and the room service food was tasty.  There's a ton of dining and drinking options available throughout the hotel as well.  The only negative was the $28/night resort fee (such an odd number) which we didn't really benefit out of because we were too hungover to go to the gym or pool most days.I'll definitely be staying here again the next time I'm in Vegas!
5	Cosmo is so beautiful inside. The chandelier is really what makes it so spectacular. I've only visited here, I haven't stayed here so I can't rate the rooms. But with the staff I have dealt with here are very nice and helpful.
5	Best Hotel Ever!!! Every time I go to Vegas I always book the Cosmo.
4	I loved this hotel.  I loved the restaurants, the room, the staff, EXCEPT a housekeeper who had attitude when I requested an additional conditioner.  Caught him talking crap about me when I came around the corner and he had to humble himself when I confronted him.  I had heard the service was poor, but the room was so amazing and every restaurant and boutique will make me a loyal Cosmopolitan visitor.
5	The cosmopolitan bungalows are 5 start BUNGALOWS Designed for the utmost in poolside luxury, each Bungalow features three levels of exclusivity with an outdoor bar, private Jacuzzi and secluded veranda-like patio overlooking the Marquee Dayclub Pool.I really enjoy my stay here i will recommend this place.
5	Love this place, I am here at least once a month!
4	The hotel is in prime location and is very trendy, but I think for the price you can find better on the Vegas strip (encore,pallazo,aria) the chandelier bar is really cool and in a prime people watching area. A corner suite is the way to go if you can!!
5	I came to The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas for a conference. Upon checking in the kind gentleman at the front desk placed us in a beautiful Terrace Studio. He provided me with conference information, cracked a few jokes. He was absolutely excellent. Upon entering the room, I was immediately greeted with the sound of music coming from one of the two plasma screen televisions. The sound quality was phenomenal! It immediately set romantic yet sexy vibe.The studio contained a beautiful terrace that ran along the entire width of the room with a comfortable chair covered with cushions and pillow, a cushioned foot rest and a side table. We enjoyed both wine and breakfast on the terrace. The seat easily fit the two of us. The king bed was adorned with an oversized comforter and multiple pillows. At the foot of the bed was an ottoman.  In front of the bed was the plasma screen television from which the music was playing. The living area contained a curved sofa. Another plasma screen television was placed in front of it. A kitchen stocked with a mini fridge, microwave and coffee maker was also present in the room. The bathroom was large. It had both a stand up shower and a small Jacuzzi. Finally there were the most comfortable robe and slippers available for each of us. The staff even let us take them home!As for the rest of the hotel. The entrance was eye catching, there were digital screens displaying moving images of a couple which were erotic but appropriate. It was eye catching, trendy and truly captured the overall feel of  Las Vegas. There was a restaurant called The Wicked Spoon. We ordered two meals from this restaurant, breakfast which we ate on the patio and the dinner buffet. The dinner buffet wasn't your run of the mill buffet. Each item was on a a mini plate or bowl rather than in large trays which were  turned over often. Being overly aware of the microbiology that can present itself at buffets, I enjoyed this quality. The food was excellent all around. The flavors were great, the options were numerous and everything was beautiful presented. The gym was also great. Although I had to wait for machines likely because of the time that I went, I still cannot complain. The equipment was clean, the staff courteous and towels and water were available. The chandelier, a beautiful bar downstairs and the casino downstairs were quite. I cannot comment on the quality of the bar as I did not attend it. But it looked like people were enjoying it. The casino was smaller than those present at most of the larger hotels, however, I did have some fun with the roulette machine. Tables were minimum 20 and people looked like they were  enjoying themselves. The Marquee is the club at this hotel. The bouncers really over charged males and since I had come with one, I did not make it to this club. However, I've heard good things. The conference was well organized. The hotel has a multitude of rooms and ballrooms for the purposes of group events. The refreshments provided were wonderful.As for price I booked a vacation package so I got a great deal. About 1000 for 3 nights + flight from Virginia to Las Vegas for the two of us. Considering that getting a flight alone was about 450, its like we got three nights at this beautiful hotel for 100 dollars total. I thought it was quite the steal. In summary, this hotel is beyond phenomenal. I thoroughly enjoyed it in its entirety. From its artistic displays, delicious dining options, bars, casino, luxurious rooms to its excellent customer service, this hotel is the place to stay on the Las Vegas Strip. I strongly recommend it to all.
5	There are no other hotels like this modern, sexy and chic hotel in Las Vegas. The crowd is young and beautiful like the models in a Vogue magazine.  Crystal chandeliers are all over the casino and hotel. The rooms are huge with a great view of the city from the balcony.  We got a view of the Bellagio fountain! Oh, there is an open window that looks into the bathroom. Great for couples ...not so great for sharing rooms with people you barely know. Worth the money.
4	Never say never again...a title to an underrated Sean Connery Bond film or me eating my words and returning to the Cosmopolitan to stay and play?  The Cosmo had previously been my favorite property in Las Vegas and my preferred place to stay and play due to its solid service, beautiful facilities, comfortable rooms, outstanding cocktail lounges, and impressive restaurants.  However, after a disappointing stay on my last trip due to what I believed to be promises not kept, I vowed never to return.  Shortly after I got home and posted my review of the Cosmopolitan http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-cosmopolitan-of-las-vegas-las-vegas#hrid:B7vdaIN-AbD7RuPo3U7xCQ/src:self, I started receiving offers in the mail and email enticing me with a couple of comped nights to return.  Seeing as how the gf and I had been planning a Vegas vacation, we decided to take them up on the offer.  Upon our arrival, the Cosmo made a great first impression by having its customer service reps out in the lobby guiding guests to various front desk representatives to expedite check ins/check outs.  Although the front desk was crowded with guests engaged with most of the desk reps trying to check out, the lobby rep directed us to an open counter, which made our check in a snap.  More importantly, our room, a Terrace Studio (1886) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-cosmopolitan-of-las-vegas-las-vegas?select=UM9CxbN2qVkSa-usgHLDGA#UM9CxbN2qVkSa-usgHLDGA,  was ready and waiting for us.  There's nothing like being able to go immediately up to your room after a long, early morning flight into Vegas!  Throughout our stay, the Cosmopolitan continued to show why it had been my favorite place in Vegas and why it had earned another chance with me.  Its strengths such as offering one of the best lineups for restaurants (Milos is outstanding for lunch) and definitely serving up the best selection of cocktails from its bars, specifically Vesper and Chandelier, of any Vegas property had not diminished.  The housekeeping staff was "invisible" to us during our stay.  We left each day with our room in need of housekeeping and came back in the evening (or early morning) with it reset. Cocktail service by the comely cocktail waitresses while at the gaming tables or machines was prompt and friendly.  The only critique item I have from our stay were the pillows on our otherwise comfortable bed.  The pillows were seemingly worn down, providing little support, and needed to be replaced.  Thankfully, I spent very little time in the room sleeping while there.The Cosmopolitan has returned to my good graces and I'll most likely stay there on my next trip to Vegas, especially if they continue to offer me comped stays.
5	If you want 1.Class2.Sexiness3.Luxory4.Amazing Views5.Cleanliness6.Modernism7.BeautyPlease, stay at the Cosmo. Take it from someone who has stayed in so many different hotels in Vegas, the Cosmo is the place to be. One if not the only hotel on the strip if I am not mistaken with balconies. I know that sounds simple, but being able to have a balcony with such an awesome and beautiful and modern room, its the complete package to be able to wake up, step outside and have the Bellagio fountains right in front of you soaking in the morning Vegas air. One of the classiest and nicest places I have had the pleasure to be in. You cant beat the Cosmo, or the City Center for that matter. AMAZING!
5	Terrace Suite. If you're a high roller stay in NE corner wraparound terrace suite request 29th flr or higher. $500night minimum but big enough to throw quite a party overlooking the strip. Destination360 has a 360 virtual tour http://www.destination360.com/north-america/us/nevada/las-vegas/cosmopolitan-terrace-suite Complete with washer and dryer and full kitchen.
4	I had visited the Cosmopolitan a couple months after it opened. I wasn't staying there, but I had wanted to go check it out. I made a vow on that day that I would come back and stay there. I made good on that promise last week. I had originally planned to go for my 40th birthday, but that fell through and I went this year for my 41st. Also, my friend who I traveled with is getting married in September, so it was a mini bachelorette getaway too.We were greeted upon arrival by the enthusiastic (but not annoyingly so) and helpful (and cute) Derek, who helped us get checked in. I had asked for a handicapped accessible city room and because there were no city rooms with accessibility available, we were upgraded to a terrace room at no extra cost. Pretty sweet. Here's a word of warning that I would've liked to have known beforehand: like many hotels, the Cosmopolitan does charge a hold to your credit card for incidentals. You will get this back 3-5 business days after your stay, but know that they charge $150 per night. For us, that ended up being $600. Thankfully, one of us had that to play with, otherwise, our trip would've been greatly curtailed.But back to the fun. After checking in, I stopped at the bell desk to rent a scooter (the mobility kind, not a Vespa). That went smoothly and quick and we were off to our room. The room was pretty great. There was a sitting area, with a foldout bed and TV, a refrigerator (which in our case seemed to want to make everything freeze, but it was still nice to have), a microwave, sink, and dishwasher. The main bedroom had a king size bed, another TV, and the sliding door to the terrace. Our terrace overlooked the Bamboo Pool and had views of MGM Grand and Crystals, as well as mountains in the distance. The bathroom had a shower stall and Japanese soaking tub, plus dual sinks and toiletries from C.O. Bigelow. We explored the hotel that night and really, it's just gorgeous at every turn. There are columns in the lobby with screens that change imagery every few minutes from fashion to flowers to slightly naughty silhouettes to books. The music is great and usually changes to match the images. Once in the casino, there is a tremendous chandelier, which extends across most of the floor and up to the 2 nd floor. There music there was a nice mix of new wave, post punk, and even a little garage rock. I'll review the restaurants and shops I went to on their own, but I do recommend the Henry and China Poblano.At the end of our stay, we were able to check out by phone (or TV) in our room, which was a great convenience.I'm so glad I got to stay at the Cosmopolitan. There is a level of glamour there, that, even on the Las Vegas strip, is unsurpassed. Frankly, the other luxury hotels in that area of the Strip look a bit chintzy by comparison. If you are looking for a splurge, the Cosmopolitan is for you.
5	This hotel is so elegant & modern. The rooms are gorgeous and spacious. Our room overlooked the Bellagio fountains. Loved sitting on the balcony and seeing the fountains. The fitness center is the best fitness center I have ever seen in a hotel.
5	Expensive rooms, but you really pay for what you get. Get the suites that have balconies and the view of the Bellagio fountain and you'll have one hell of a time in Vegas.
4	Great venue with interactive contemporary art, designs and ambiance. Cramped smoky casino floors and a hipster crowd. Nice trained staff. Deep fitness room, tennis courts and a slender pool on 14fl.Rooms nice, sexy baths. Auto-Refrigerators filled with overpriced items u don't need. Great views of the strip, Paris, Eiffel Tower and Bellagio fountains. Probably one of the best locales near the action.
5	I dont stay at any other hotel in Vegas. Their normal rooms compare to suites in other hotels. Also, check out the pizza joint upstairs. Open late and serves some of the best pies in LV!
5	great rooms and great casino. upgraded our room for free and has the best robes. .buy them because you can't find them anywhere. I took mine home and they never charged me:) Lucky much?
1	This is a new, modern, city center hotel. If you have the money to get the expensive rooms then you "should" be good.  We upgraded our room to a wrap around terrace suite and the room is bigger than most people condo's.  it have every amenity you can imagine, but we had a few problems.  The main shower wouldn't drain.  It had inches of standing water and would take all day to drain.  The other problem was the TV kept cutting out saying HDMI disconnected.  When you pay $15 a movie and it cuts out multiple times making you rewind, or watching regular TV and have it happen and can't rewind...it sucks!When I informed the front desk, they said they would take care of it, never did, and didn't even offer as much as a buffet comp. This is a very expensive room for an average person like myself, and to have these problems, not have them addressed, an not even get a "Sorry" from the hotel staff is inexcusable.  Now I'm not greedy, but some type of comp for messing up my showers and movies would have been a nice gesture. Probably going to look at a suite somewhere else next time.  Although...if the hotel had fixed the problem right away, comped me a meal or something for my bad experience with one of their premier suites, I might have said something like, "A few little problems, but they were fixed, we got taken care of, and I'll be back".  Now, due solely to the customer service, or lack thereof, I'll look to another hotel suite, and advise everyone I know, both in person, an on social media, of what kind of customer service they actually have and to not book there!
4	There is a reason why Cosmo is more expensive than most hotels.This place is amazing. There is just a wow atmosphere the second you walk it. The decor is phenomenal. I love the use of flat screens too. The lighting is perfect.Just everything. Perfect. And, it's not just a great hotel, but a great place to eat and party.Love it.
2	This hotel is very overrated and overpriced.  I've stayed there two times now and both experiences had their issues. The first stay was a few months after it opened.  We stayed in a suite for 4 nights.  The suites are overall fairly nice with its technology and tons of amenities including two bathrooms, washer/dryer, fridge/freezer.  The one greatest thing about the hotel are the balconies.  Its great to sit out there in a robe after a long night out or after a shower.  Our hotel room was left fairly dirty with large visible crumbs all over the couch and the bathrooms didn't have any shampoo or conditioner.  I had several very bad interactions with the staff on this stay.  One particular interaction with the pool waitress stands out.  I was attempting to get service while sitting at the bamboo pool.  The waitress blew past me a total of 6 times before we gave up and retrieved our own drink.  Two of those times include waving our hands in the air and the final time I was waving a wallet in my hand.  We never even received a look from her.  When questioning the bartender on how to get service he commented on how rude we were waving cash.  The majority of the clientele fit a stereotype of your Jersey Douchebag.  Because I enjoyed the balcony so much and we went to a Weezer concert at the Boulevard Pool I booked a couple nights in a suite again.  DISGUSTING, is the key word to categorize the room.  There were signs all over the room of a previous cocaine binge in the room.  The books still had cocaine residue on them.  There were 3 locations in the room where we spotted blood.  One of them was right in the middle of the shower.  Two of the decorative pillows had visible semen stains.  We left the pillows at the door after the first night hoping they would take them away only to find them in the room again.  Interactions with the staff was better this time.  The clientele seemed to be evening out a bit more.  What unfortunately ruined the last night for us was an awful experience at the STK restaurant.  I'll save that for a separate review.  There are much better hotels on the strip for less money.
1	So they finally got rid of that terrible smell in the casino. Unfortunately, the clientele here are the douce bags of Vegas. If they are not here, they are clubbing at MGM. The identity players club is a total rip. The employees are rude, only topped by the trashy people. Kids with ice chests of beer AT the tables. This place is like an indoor pool party. Classless place. But like I said in my last review, its pretty on the outside.
3	Nice place.. very posh and trendy... but if you take a Date here... she better be putting out for the Money you will spend.... ijs
4	Great valet service. Beautiful lobby and the rooms are great. If you know the history of the cosmopolitan on the amount of money was spent on this property you'll know why the place is so outlandish.
1	I am a person that does not usually go through the trouble of writing reviews, but my experience with this hotel was so bad that I just had to write something. For starters, I got to my room at 12 at midnight and the first thing I encountered was the dirty and filthy bed. "It was disgusting". The room in general was very filthy. I called the room service manager and the manager of the hotel and it took them at least 45 minutes to arrive at my room. They took pictures of the entire room and all they had to say was that they were sorry and that they would send somebody to clean the room. Not to exchange the room, but just to clean it. They also offered me $50 to spend in the minibar. The room service is very bad and it will take them a very long time just to pick up the phone. Then you have to sit and wait for them to bring the requested. Lets get started with the next day when I went to get food; the open buffet was disgusting and was not worth a dime. I am running out of space to write so I will just move to the last day when I checked out and got hit with an extra $28 resort fee for each day. This was a business trip that I take twice a year and decided to give this hotel a chance. What a big mistake. I have stayed in many hotels in Las Vegas over the years and by far this was a nightmare. In conclusion, do not EVER stay in this hotel.
4	Great spot to stay plus it's a modern chic hotel. Do check out their spa on the 14floor!  Would stay here again next time!
5	Wow, what a great hotel.  We have stayed at a lot of five star resorts & hotels, and this one is right up there with the best.  For such a massive hotel (close to 3,000 rooms I believe), they do an amazing job.  Breakdown:Common areas - the lobby is simply amazing.  They spent a fortune on this area and it shows in terms of the quality and design.Rooms - the rooms are very large and include small balcony's.  Be sure to get a room overlooking the Bellagio water fountain if you can.  The rooms will either have a kitchenette (frig, microwave, sink) or some have a full kitchen.  This place was originally going to be high-end condo's but the previous owner defaulted on the loan / DB took over and turned it into a high-end hotel.Casino - I'm not a gambler, but they did have a nice casino floor in my opinion.  One BIG plus was the ventilation - while this is a smoking area, you really didn't smell it that much like other casinos.  Big plus for us non-smokers.Service - Service from every single staff member was top notch - from the VIP check-in, wait staff at any of the restaurants, and anyone from the staff who you might run into in the hallways or common areas.Yes, this is an expensive hotel, especially by Vegas standards, but the quality is there in my opinion to warrant the rates they charge.  Others must agree because the Cosmo is commonly sold out.
2	Something's missing here..... CUSTOMERS!What a lavishly built, extravagantly styled complex. Too bad it's theme is that of a ghost town. I know the recession is a bore, but that can't be the only culprit in this facility's plight. In short, this place is just too 'high-end', even the coffee shops are too much for me to take. Who in the world has money to churn out throughout this "mall" -- and that's what it is, a freaking glorified mall, let's face it. I would like to spend a little money here to buy a donut or something, but I'll need my life savings later on down the road. Not for locals unless you want to kill an hour walking around. Tourists may find it interesting, though I don't know why.Skip it. You're not missing anything. Stick to walking on the Strip. You want a souvenir? Buy a keychain in one of the Strip casino gift shops.
4	One of my top favorite casino's to visit. I love the style of the place, the colors the theme everything just seems perfect.. has this kind of naughty kinky and luxury theme going on at the same time.. all around great selection of slots, table games even the parking garage is pretty cool being underground. Will def visit this place time and time again.
5	Came with my girlfriend for a few nights. Really nothing bad I can say about this place. It's pricey but definitely impressive and high quality, and I'd say we had a good time.Good: -Everything from the shops, to the rooms to the day and night club says chic modern opulence.-Good customer service, I had no real qualms with anything. All staff was friendly and gregarious. I had an issue with the TV and they sent someone up right away. One of the minibar sensors was broken, and when I called to have the charge removed, they comped me the 375ml bottle of grey goose!-Not sure if this is for all rooms, but the junior suite I had came with a connectivity panel with audio jacks, USB ports, etc. that connected into the room's tv/audio--something that is lacking in most hotels I've stayed at. The TV also had satellite radio! Lets you keep beats bumping all day!--Parking and valet is included in the ~$25 daily resort fee (I think this true of all vegas hotels though)Bad:-Takes awhile for bellman to bring your bags up, and pick them up when you're all set.-the ATMs in the hotel have a $6 service charge, on top of your bank's ATM fees, so don't rely on them if you don't have to.-Marquee Day Club was probably the least fun of all the beach clubs I've been to (Daylight, Surrender, Tao). The attendees and bartenders just seemed douchier than the vegas average. Worst of all, this pool boy would constantly stalk around the pool yelling at people with drinks to move to the edge of the pool. He would go so far as to wade into the pool to yell at people that weren't paying attention to him, kicking them out if they ignored him too many times or gave him attitude. Total buzz kill. I'd dock points for their club but this is a review for the hotel so...Side Note:It's owned by Marriott, and this property gives pretty sweet perks to their members, so if you're platinum I really don't see any reason to stay anywhere else in Vegas.--Your own exclusive check-in room that skips the line (I was in the regular check in line but somehow the front desk guy knew and led me to the platinum members room, woohoo for feeling important when you're on vacation.--Choice of 500 pts or free lunch buffet for two at the Wicked Spoon.--use of platinum member lines--complimentary upgrades if available
4	Upon entering the lobby there is definitely a WOW factor.  It has a very impressive decor which fortunately carried out throughout the entire hotel, casino, and my room.  The pool area is great as is the Chandelier bar in the center of the hotel.  My room was very nice with a nice balcony; it also had a microwave, kitchen sink, refrigerator, and (oddly) a dishwasher.  The bathroom was awesome with a great soaking tub and large, beautiful walk in shower.  The only downside is that there are not alot of options for low cost meals which is expected at a high end hotel, but nonetheless disappointing.  All in all, a great hotel.
5	Great hotel...Pay the monies and get a room to view the Bellogio Fountains.. Rooms with a balcony are nice.  OPen the door and you can see and hear the strip.  Pretty nice...The upgraded balcony room was great on floor 50 as well.  Great bed and showers......Excellent lighting and fridge.....surely a high end property but worth the added money.  This is also a Marriott property and I am Marriott rewards member so I get more points and got priority check in as well.  The restaurant and buffet were both great.....The 24 hour restaurant, can't remember the name had a very good cost effective breakfast.  We did not hit the Dayclub or Night Club, Marquee, but we will when we go back as we will stay here again.  Keep in mind the pool music can get load when they a have named DJ on site. If your looking for a quiet room, let them know so you can stay in back part of the property.  The strip view front hotel section was great. I never saw the Bellagio fountains from a high view like that so it was cool. Location is awesome......Right in the center of everything.....If I could make this 6 stars I would....Great job Cosmo.
1	We have traveled the world and this has to be the most bizarre hotel we have ever stayed at!!!If you are 21-25 and only interested in looking at boobs, butts and spandex then you will think this is a great party hotel.......when you are in your fifties and over the "valley girl" stage or have something other to discuss than last nights conquests this is NOT the place for you. The hotel is filled with rich little kids that can afford to throw money away......everyone parades around the hotel in their bathing suit or spandex that is tighter than a wetsuit with all bodily parts hanging out. They come out of the taxi or limo like this rolling a suitcase behind them. Limos advertising "Larry Flint" pull through the hotel and drop off girls......the rest look like paid escorts or hookers or they wouldn't have been hanging out with the guys they were with. I got drinks spilled on my feet in the elevator........the air conditioning in the room would never cool it down with one tiny vent on the far side of the room and 105 degree weather outside.....come Sunday at checkout time and you are on a high floor you can't get any elevator...had to go up to go down.......drinks are ridiculous prices.......I wouldn't recommend this hotel to my worst enemy. But if you are just wanting to go to get drunk and "hook up" for the weekend, then this is the RIGHT place for you!! And then to top it off, watch your bill......they will add on things from the mini bar that you never even looked at!!!  If you are a real adult GO elsewhere. I will say the staff with polite and the interior decorations were nice. I have no desire to ever stay at a 5-star hotel again.
5	I just stayed here the last couple of days and had an amazing time. I was here with my boyfriend and it was romantic and classy. We had dinner at STK one night for a birthday bash and it was great food. We had a party of 12 people not one person complained about their food. Yes, the prices are pretty high and the drinks are about $14.00 a piece. It was a nice experience and we loved the live DJ inside, with a mixture of all kinds of music.The room was also very clean and I liked the style and how big the room was. We had a balcony outside and it looked right over the pool. The bed was very comfortable and they had everything you would need from a dishwasher to a fridge. The shower and tub were very clean. The bathroom was so big and I loved how all the lights were connected together and you could hit one switch and all the lights would go on or off.We went to both pools and they were both nice. We went to movie night on Monday night at the pool and that was AWESOME!! We watched a movie and ate tacos and swam around. It was just a great time with so many memories made. I suggest everyone stay here once.
5	I really liked this hotel. Beautiful lobby and casino. Fantastic rooms and the service is pretty good all around. I had one issues with a rude room service operator named Jacqueline, but their social media team and management made up for the small issue. As someone who goes to Vegas 4-5 times a year, I can say I will 100% stay here again.
5	I just returned from a long weekend at The Cosmopolitan and I just had to write a review to rave about the place.  The hotel facilities, pools, restaurants, casino, shops were all exceptional.  Right from the greeting at check-in and throughout the great meals and entertainment...the thing that made the difference was the friendly attitude of the staff.  In fairness, I am Marriott platinum so my standards and expectations are unusually high...Cosmopolitan meets and exceeds them in every way.  I've stayed in most of the big casinos on the strip and liked most of them.  Still, I can't think of a reason why I would stay anywhere else but the Cosmopolitan from now on.  Really, "fantastic" is the best word I can think of.  If I could give an extra star I would.  Great job Cosmo...see you again soon!
5	My favorite place to stay on the Strip.  We stayed here for our wedding night before leaving for our honeymoon.  Our room had 2 bathrooms, a kitchenette, small dining nook, living room, bedroom, and massive balcony that overlooked the Bellagio fountains.  Everything was high tech in the room, the decor was awesome (look closely at the wallpaper!  hehe).  It's just a very beautiful, classy place.  We loved it.  We've also been to concerts here and the grill by the pool, several restaurants.  I don't have anything negative to say about the facilities or services.  It is a very popular place, so expect crowds, but it is so worth it.
5	Beautifully decorated throughout. We stayed here on our honeymoon for 3 nights and absolutely loved it. The rooms was beautifully put together, clean and overlooked the Bellagio Fountains. The staff was very nice and helped us whenever we needed anything. Loved the hotel so much we hardly ever left. We went to the bamboo pool and it was very well kept, hip music and great drinks.The only downside -  was the wait to get into our room. We were told it would be a couple minutes, and it ended up being over an hour. If we visit Vegas anytime in the future we will definitely come back.
2	For the amount of money we spent on a Terrace Suite I was expecting exceptional service. We checked in on a Friday and called room service within 15 minutes of arriving to our room to request extra towels and hangers.  After about 45 mins of waiting around we had to put in a second call and was told this time "I'm not sure what happen" so we left, we didn't want to waste another hour sitting in our room.  Upon returning to our room later that afternoon we called again to have someone come fix our air that wasn't working properly and yet again no one showed up. It was so hot in our room we had to sleep with the door open to the 103-degree heat. Upon check out when we were asked how our stay was we again complained about the air and bad response time and was told "Sorry to hear that" I was completely disappointed with the response of such a lavish hotel. At the least they could have offered a small discount. I even called back the day I returned and ask for a discount and was told I needed to request one at checkout and I explained we did voice our frustration when we checked out and reminded her that we were told "Sorry to hear that".  All in all other than the terrible service and horrendous sewage smell on the first floor near the Bellagio entrance visually the hotel is amazing.
5	If ppl ask me which hotel he/she should stay at vegas, Cosmo is always #1~~~ but price is little bit high.... i love its bed and design....the hotel location is at the middle of strip which is perfect!!! free self-parking which is much better than mandarin oriental hotel. great customer service
5	I have had the lucky chance to stay at ALL of the city centers resorts. Aria, Mandarin, Vdara and finally the Cosmopolitan. I will have to say, it is my favorite out of the bunch. I had dinner at Scarpetta, a beautifully prepared 7 course meal and some amazing wine. My room choice of the night for my stay was the Wrap Around Terrence suite. Located on the 38th floor, which I believe was the top of the tower on the west side of the strip. My photos speak for themselfs, I loved every second of being in that room. But the real reason i love this place more than anything.. the price. Out of all the resorts surrounding the Cosmo, they have the best bang for your buck. I will now make this the only resort/hotel i stay at in Vegas!
5	My friends had stayed here and their room overlooked the Bellagio Fountains.  It's a great location in the center of the strip.  I highly recommend this place if you are visiting with friends not good for families.
5	During this weekend Vegas trip we stopped by the Cosmopolitan both Friday and Saturday nights. It's one of my favorite Vegas spots and a must visit. The crowd is generally young and hip. The staff is professional and helpful. Beautiful, gorgeous decor. They know how to do Vegas justice.
5	A-MA-ZING.  This is my favorite place to eat, drink, and sleep!  I stayed here when they first opened and got a pretty awesome deal on our suite.  The hotel service here is amazing, but it does get very crowded... that's because it's such an awesome hotel.Check out the restaurants and bars, they're great!
4	One of the more beautiful, fancy schmancy Casinos/Hotels in Las Vegas. While it's the rooms are not ultra luxury, they are the only rooms with a balcony which gives you a great view of Vegas, especially if you get one of the top floors! Inside it's really chic and hip, with a more younger crowd at night since Marquee is one of the hottest nightclubs in the world. Highly recommended to stay here if you are a young person looking for some fun!
5	ABSOLUTELY gorgeous!!! Excellent service!! Beautiful people!! Can't wait to visit again!!! I will NEVER stay at another hotel!!
4	I have to say, the Cosmo is probably my favorite casino to just hang out in. They have amazing decor that just makes me feel happy and they always have a good band playing at the Chandelier bar. The gaming here is so so, I don't usually win, but their drinks are fantastic and taste fresher than the drinks at other casinos (read: non neon green sweet and sour syrup) and the drinks are full size which is awesome. The restaurants here are alright, the pizza is good and the buffet is good. I like to go here and just wander around enjoying all of the art and the cool decor. This place is a must visit while in Vegas, and, though I haven't stayed here because it's very pricey, it's in a great location that would be nice to stay in.
4	The restaurants in this hotel are totally amazing.As for the hotel lobby/casino/public walkways decor and stuff, this place is a bit too sterile and picture-perfect. Well strategized to catch the eye of those looking for perfectly wrapped packages with no trace of human input or creativity, for sure -- but is that not what Las Vegas is all about anyways?
4	Loved This hotel. Only complaint was the Marque club music thumped in our room all night
4	Definitely a nice swanky hotel. With it's modern decor, it's appealing to the younger/hip crowd that wants to do Vegas large. I stayed here for a bachelorette party and shared the room with a couple of girlfriends. It also works for a romantic weekend or if you just want to indulge and spoil yourself, when in Sin City.The room was pretty large -  a terrace studio with two queen beds. Enough to accomodate two queens, a small sofa, armchair, coffee table, desk, huge bathroom, two closets and a kitchenette. In no way, did it feel crowded, even with the entire bachelorette party (about 12 girls) stuffed into our room to take shots before heading out. Lots of shots.From a bachelorette weekend standpoint, there were three benefits to staying here. The first was having the Marquee located in the hotel. No need for us to hail a taxi to drive out and come back. If there were any walks of shame, it was straight back to the hotel room. The second was the Boulevard Pool. Our second day there, we rented a day bed and scored some lounge chairs, under some palm trees, to recover from the previous night's activities. The last benefit was The Wicked Spoon. Nothing like ending a great party weekend with buffet food. I kid you not. I'm all about the buffet.Would I stay here voluntarily? Not necessarily. The hotel is pretty expensive. It averaged about $500 a night for our room. If it weren't for a friend who hooked it up because she stays here frequently, it wouldn't be my first choice of hotel. Then, there's the crowd to consider. It's definitely a party hotel and unless you don't plan on sleeping, you can hear crowds of folks going back to their rooms at all hours of the night. It is Vegas. Duh.
4	The Cosmopolitan is NEARLY PERFECT in every way. It's beautiful accented with crystal glam glitter and mesmerizing  hypnotic walls of strange moving pictures. They are in a really GREAT location and have and are very close to many VERY fine restaurants, shops and casinos and also a few that aren't so fine too and of course the Secret Pizza and SO MUCH MORE!I enjoyed most of my accommodations in my stay at the Cosmopolitan.Comfortable Bed, Good toiletries, Easy to work nice shower.But I need to mention we were erroneously charged for a snack from the mini bar. My husband noticed it on the online system and called. Right away they removed the charge from our bill. OK I guess that happens not a big deal as it was corrected right away.We weren't able to do the online check out because it was down. Again not a big deal as we were able to check out on the phone.               MY ONLY COMPLAINT is I feel the furniture in my room wasn't as clean as it should be. I've included photos of the suspicious stains on the desk chair and the different kind of suspicious stains on the sofa. That is the reason why I can't give this Beautiful over the top high end Gorgeous Property Five Stars.
5	Best hotel in Vegas! We stayed for three nights and felt no need to leave the property for our last two days. Our room was sleek, comfortable, with a touch of sexy. The property itself is massive and can be confusing to navigate. I loved that I never had to walk through the casino everything I needed was on level two and up. If you are looking for a great pool party skip Marquee day party, and head to the Boulevard pool. You don't have to pay $500 to sit down, but get there early if you want to snag a chair. The Cosmo has a great variety of restaurants ranging from high end to pizza, you can satisfy any craving. We ate at Jaleo and Scarpetta, both were fabulous and completely different. Nightlife at the Cosmo did not disappoint! If you want to grab a cocktail there is the magnificient Chandelier bar. Bond is a little more upbeat, and the decor is awesome. If you really want to rage Marquee night club is the spot! Marquee night club is my favorite club in Vegas. I will definatly stay at The Cosmo again!
1	Reserved wraparound balcony suite overlooking the Bellagio fountains for a 40th  B'day bash and was told check in was at 3pm. Tried to check in at 3:30 and was told room was not ready. By 4:30 was told their "official policy" is that check in is from 3-5pm. Come 5:30, still no room. I, and many other angry customers, was ushered into the concierge check in area, presumably so as not to disrupt other customers (one poor couple was scheduled to get married and the bride-to-be had no place to get dressed).By 6pm we still had no room. I had a car load of food and beverages and friends arriving.  I spoke with the check in manager. After a brief exchange of unpleasantries she finally offered that the reason they were so far behind was they had 80 housekeeping personnel call in that day. "So you can't manage your own personnel, but you expect me to be confident that you can meet my needs as a guest?" I asked.By 6:30 we were finally in a room. It was a wraparound suite, but not overlooking the fountains. Whatever, the whole mood was ruined by then anyway. Oh yeah, and I'm Marriott Gold, but apparently that doesn't matter either. Btw, my first clues that this establishment was far from a class act should have been:1) the punk who dropped his beer bottle down the side of the escalator, nearly hitting a girl in the lounge below (the smirk on his face led me to think it was not an accident), and2) the drunk girl sitting on a bench outside the elevators and throwing up all over herself and the lobby floor. Looking for a class joint?  Go to the Palazzo. We just staycayed there and it was great. Beware the Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas!
3	booking a room is easy online. if you ever call for anything, they put you on hold for a long time. once there. checking in is nice and service is nice. the rooms are great. if you have a chance, ask for the fountain view of the bellagio and you can see it from your balcony. they have a nice bathroom. the casino area is ok too. you can find your choice of game there unless its poker, they dont have poker. the crowd is a bit younger and party people, so if your there to party, its great. only thing about the hotel i dont like is the service. always waiting for something. i been to other casinos that are more efficient.
5	Love this place! Always excellent service! Very modern and cool. They comp very well compared to other casinos. Great restaurants, and make sure to check out the secret pizza place and the pool, which hosts many great concerts.
5	For my pre-birthday celebration, my friend, his cousin and I decided to venture to Vegas. We got a decent flight schedule that did not cost all too much and it made way for getting a room at the cosmopolitan. Initially, I did not care if we stayed at a hotel that was fairly decent, near the strip and had good options for dining. However, since my friend was all in he decides to get a suite with a chance for a great upgrade. Once you get  to the hotel, you immediately notice how different it is from all the other Vegas hotels. A bright white  sign flashes once you drive in and upbeat music plays in the driveway where all the cabs and cars drive through.The check in area is very nice and simple. There is three pillars that have animation while you wait for your turn to check in or make a reservation. The hosts are nice people and make you feel at home.We happened to get an upgrade for a good price. The room was a suite upgrade that included a mini bar(that we did not touch), a  kitchen with a microwave, two walk in closets, one queen sized bed. Two lazy boy chairs, one master bathroom with a bathtub and a regular bathroom. The room had a view of the Bellagio water show and the strip which was beautiful during the night. It also had two big screen LCD TV sets as well.The highlight of the hotel is the dining options. We were rewarded a resort card that was good enough to use at any of the restaurants. Another highlight is the casino. Although very smokey and obviously loud, it's a very nice casino that accentuates the hotel.This is the second hotel I have stayed in at city center and hopefully will try this place again in the future!
5	So I seem to be writing more reviews for places located in Las Vegas than Phoenix lately.  I need to change this... stat!  But for now, my review of the Cosmo!One of the newest hotels on the strip, it is classy and classic... and definitely targeted toward the younger and affluent.  From the moment you walk into the lobby and then see the humongous chandelier that envelopes the Chandelier Bar.  Work you way up the escalator to the 2nd (or 3rd?) floor and you have a wonderful selection of delectably-delicious restaurants to choose from.  The rooms are extremely well-appointed with ultra-modern and hip decor! Expensive, but you feel like you are getting your money's worth!
5	This is a very modern and trendy hotel. So trendy, in fact, that I made a point to inform people that I was well aware I am not "hip enough" to be staying at The Cosmopolitan.  But...THAT'S NOT THE CASE AT ALL! Never once was I made to feel I didn't belong.... everyone I encountered during my stay from concierge, to room service and spa staff were friendly and helpful. My boyfriend (at the time) and I booked a Terrace Suite facing the Bellagio fountains using a 20% promotional discount for booking a 3+ night stay.  The room was gorgeous and spacious. It featured two TV's (one in the living area, another in the bedroom area), a Japanese soaking tub, his+her sinks, large shower and a private balcony.  Another thing I loved about the room was the hello and goodbye feature that turned on and off all the lights in the room with one touch. I also enjoyed buying over priced coffee in the mornings and sitting outside on the balcony soaking up the strip.There isn't much privacy separating the bedroom and bathroom area, so I probably wouldn't book this room if I were staying during a girls trip.  Accccctually, I probably would.  Who needs privacy in Vegas? Something to consider, though. My infatuation with this hotel might be slightly biased.  My boyfriend (at the time) actually became my fiance on this trip.  He proposed outside on the private balcony during a fountain show.  He had arranged ahead of time to have champagne delivered via room service at a specific time, and they were right on time.  It was perfect.
4	The Cosmo seems like it took all the business away from the Palms Hotel. This place is sexy with young wild crazy women and non-stop action from the Marquee day and night club. I guess you can say I experienced a weekend different from the other Hotels in Vegas.
5	GORGEOUS ROOMS!!!! The rooms are super spacious and comfortable. you get your own balcony too!i had an amazing time Vegas and this hotel was the icing to my cake. i HIGHLY recommend staying here. *side-note: the room service isn't 5 stars. more like 2 1/2.. I ordered 3 times from them during my stay and wasn't too impressed. :-/
3	Without a doubt, the most beautiful hotel on the strip. It's trendy and modern, caters to the young, but had a classy, "old vegas" edge. The customer service I've received on the 3 occasions we've stayed, however, has been less than spectacular. It was uncomfortable, to the say the least, to be refused by the bell desk when asking something simple (can you hold my carry-on while I shop this afternoon?). I will likely give this hotel another chance...but maybe I'll just stay at Planet Hollywood.
1	I was VERY disappointed in the attention and attitude I received from the front desk staff.  I originally booked for a two queen terrace suite 4 months in advance and we checked in two hours prior to 'Check in time'.  We were told we would get notified via text when the room was available - never happened.  We went to the front desk for a second time to a more helpful person and they gave us a one-bedroom suite - which we were told was an "upgrade".  We needed two beds and we were told that we could get a two queen terrace suite the next day.We asked for the sofa bed to be made that evening around midnight when we would be gone and they confirmed it would be assembled upon our return back to the room.  This was never done, so 2 people had to sleep on an uncomfortable sofa bed.  The next morning I did call to express my disappointment, and they came to make the sofa bed at 12:00 (noon time).  We asked for the two queen terrace suite (we called early around 9 am) and we were met with resistance from the front desk.  I was ready to ask to be moved to another hotel immediately, but John Greene from your resort services took it upon himself to correct the situation.  I have nothing but great things to say about John as he is an asset to the Cosmopolitan.  I stayed at the Cosmopolitan last year and enjoyed myself to the fullest, however I cannot say the same this time.  I am likely not to recommend this property to any of my colleagues, friends, or family in the near future. To be completely honest, the only thing that kept me coming back was the terrace. That's all the Cosmo has goin for them.
5	This is the future my friends :DIf this is your first time in Las Vegas this might not be the hotel for you however if you know what Vegas has to offer please give this place a try and book a room here. Main reason like other reviews mentioned...this is an Oasis that offers everything with the best location on the Strip!Jenny @ the front desk. Thank you. You made this a 5 star experience. You are a great asset to the Hotel. Thank you for taking your time and being patient with us :]Valet , Front Desk, Bamboo Pool, Bond, Vesper, The Henry, The Overlook Grill, Holsteins...everything was 5+.The only two meh... not really worth the $$$  were the Blue Ribbon Sushi and Marquee Day Club...but those are two separate stories. People please tip the house keeping lady. You leave your room looking like the first scene of  hangover (movie) and expect to come back to your room looking brand new by leaving nothing but peanuts on the table? Don't be douchey. :|But guess what.... I left a $5 on the table for the house keeping and they hooked it up! 1. Extra towels 2. My wife's make up was arranged in a really cool way 3. Bathtub was scrubbed and left sparkly clean 4. All the bedding was changed 5. All the t-shirts and jeans were folded and put nicely on the bed. 6. Shoes were arranged by the door and all that for $5.00 dollars people....The point of my story is: This is Vegas. Tip and people will take care of you!Thank you Cosmo for such a wonderful and pleasant experience.I will see you soon!Cheers :D
1	absolutely terrible service. waited room to be prepared for two hours after check in. key to room doesn't work. no reparations.
4	This hotel screams SEX. It is by far the sexiest place I'e stayed in Vegas so far. Don't stay here if you have kids. But, a great place with your significant other. We stayed in the 2 bedroom suite. A bit pricey (hence the 4 stars).
1	Stayed at the Cosmo this past weekend.  This was my second time staying at this hotel.  The only complaint I have is the hotel manager needs to know how to treat hotel guests properly.  Upon check I had my friend stay with my luggage.  When I got my room key I was notified by my friend that the hotel manager took one of our cases of beer and our $200 bottle of liquor that we were going to bring to our suite we just booked for the weekend.  When I spoke to the hotel manager he said hard liquor/beer is not allowed to be in the hotel room.  Are you kidding me.  You pay 900 dollars a night at this hotel and you can't bring liquor or beer to the room.  What a joke.  His response was "ill do you a favor and let you have 1 case of beer because what can you do with a 12 pack of beer"and laughed. Then he made us check it in at the front desk and we couldn't get it till we checked out.  I used to love this hotel but until the hotel manager knows how to treat hotel guest/military veterans who just came back from a year deployment and can't drink at this hotel in Vegas I'm never going to come back...
5	So far, the best hotel I have stayed at in Vegas.Everything is new, everything is classy, sophisticated, and luxurious.They staff was really friendly. They have a ton of great restaurants and one of the best clubs in Vegas, Marquee.They have something for everyone, although it is definitely a hotel for younger, Generation Y people with money. They even have a pool where families can go with their kids, leaving the two other adult pools to well, the adults.The rooms here are pretty cool, the little touches are nice. When you turn your TV on it says 'Welcome __insert name____" as well as having your name on each key card. They have a see through shower which is pretty scandalous!The only complaint is the elevators are super confusing, it takes a day or two to understand which ones to take where, but you will get the hang of it. You really don't ever have to leave the hotel. Can't wait to go back!
5	Another great visit to the Cosmopolitan.I love the feel of this place , the dealers are the most friendly on the strip.Nothing to complaint about other than the housekeeping, a little late in the day and kinda spotty.
5	PROS:- My hotel room had a balcony overlooking the strip, which was above the Boulevard Pool.  So free balcony seats during the Kid Cudi concert on Friday night.  Bonus!- The elevators require a room key to be usable, which kept the ratchets away- The pool was also only accessible by presenting your room key.  Guest only pool = see above- The parking garage is state of the art, which had red and green lights above each parking spot to let ya know that there was a space available- Secret Pizza was just downstairs and was open til 5 am.  Who doesn't love a good slice of pizza after a shenanigan-filled evening?CONS:- There were a lot of obnoxious groups roaming the casino floor on Saturday night, which was a minor inconvenience at mostDefinitely staying here again.
5	Located smack dab in the middle of The Las Vegas Strip, this is one swanky joint. First thing to mention is the fragrance they pump in to counteract the foul smell of cigarette smoke. The restaurants here are great, the pool delightful and the staff friendly. If, or I should say when you visit Las Vegas, only a lunatic wouldn't come here. Stay at this very groovy property, or at least stop by and walk around. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
5	I recently came to Vegas for the very first time.  Long story short, a LOT of things went wrong including me having to switch hotels and flight issues.One of the few bright spots on my trip was a new bartender at The Cosmopolitan, named Will.  I met him on my first day at the Queue Bar.  Apparently he was in training, but you couldn't tell.  I thought he was a lead bartender.  He is charismatic, professional, engaging, and goes above and beyond to make the patron feel like the only person in the entire Casino.  There was a couple there from the UK that he chatted up while they gambled for 3 hours (much longer than they planned on, but they were having so much fun!  --paraphrasing).    No one's glass was ever empty and Will answered questions and made everyone feel right at home.I ran into Will another day at the "sports bar" (don't know official name), and he was the same there.Later, when my flight was canceled - I came back to book another night and found him at the "mid-Chandelier" bar.  A gal and I both noted how at ease he was.  I told her that he seemed to fit at whichever bar he was at - and seemed to have been there a lot longer and flow with the environment and with the different patrons at each bar.  She too, was amazed to find out he was still new at Cosmos.I don't usually write complaints or rave reviews... but Will deserves a rave review since he was one of the few things making me smile last week.  If I come back to Vegas - I will be back at Cosmo's for sure!The staff, cleanliness, rooms, pools, and everything else was also great - but Will just stuck out above the rest!  (go to the Bamboo Pool!)
5	The hotel was OFF THE CHAIN... MIND you we had a suite that had the view of the Bellagio fountain on one side and the pool on the other... The room was practically a furnished full size condo, and the hotel is rather new, so it's extremely clean and in the middle of everything.I thought it was one of the best stays I've had in Vegas.
4	Definitely a top notch place.  Terrace Suite overlooking the Bellagio fountain was amazing.  Room was large.  Balcony was awesome.  No complaints on the room at all.    Deducting one star for the pool situation.  The pools are small and get really crowded and they don't really compare to some of the mega pools at the other Vegas resorts.   Other than that I thought this place was great and I'd definitely stay again.
4	Cosmo is very pretty and  surprisingly kind service comparing to the rest of the Vegas hotel.The casino doesn't smell at all. it is clean and comfortable. The restaurants such as the burger place and the Wicked buffet are both very good. Love this hotel!
5	It's a beautiful hotel. We got optional to upgrade the room to terrace suite! Score! Everyone was so helpful. We always greeted everytime we pass the hotel personels. Love it! We also got a free pass to Marquee and even have special hotel guess line! Score!! We were let in first just because we were staying there. We were told, though that this free pass was only because of the labor day weekend and it was only that Friday! We had terrific time there. The concierge was also helping us with the boarding pass printing! Nice touch! Love this place! Oh, did I tell you that the bed is so comfortable? Can't wait to be back! Hopefully we get the suite again!
5	Fantastic hotel! Had a suite overlooking the Bellagio fountain and it was super nice. The room was clean, swanky, and the Japanese soaking tub was a fun treat!My husband and I thoroughly enjoyed the experience together from the pool, to the bars, to the dining. I definitely recommend staying here.
5	The total experience at the Cosmopolitan was fantastic!   We upgraded to a room overlooking the water show at the Bellagio and the strip but that wasn't all this room offered....it also had a great balcony, soaking tub with a view and was well decorated and spacious.   We enjoyed the Marquee day club and night club as well as the Chandelier Bar a few times during our long weekend stay.  The fresh contemporary design of the hotel, friendly customer service of not only the front office staff (Mark) but also the housekeeping staff and security made our visit a memorable weekend.  We're already planning a return trip with the decision of where we'll stay taken care of:-)
5	Hands down the best Hotel you'll ever stay at! Staff here are very friendly and helpful. Stay for yourself and you wont regret!
5	By far my favorite hotel! Not only are the decorations amazing, but the service and hospitality are bar none! The rooms are clean and since we got an upgrade to a bigger suite, we also had a little living room area and an extra full bath! As if that wasn't enough, we had a great balcony, big enough to have a little pre party before we headed out, and a kitchen area with a dishwasher! Our view was outstanding, the Bellagio fountains, so we stood on our balcony and had front row seats every 15 minutes.And if you don't feel like venturing out of the hotel, there are great restaurants, shops, and bars right inside. The Wicked Spoon buffet is my favorite in all of Vegas...upgrade to unlimited Mimosas, Bloody Mary's, Champagne, AND red/white Wine for only $10...so you either pay $39 or $49. The Chandelier bar is my favorite spot to hang out all night or even for a couple drinks before hitting a night club and the Marquee night cub is fun, great music, and the outdoor area is perfect! 3 Pools ensures you always get a good tan, whether you're looking for a chill spot by the Bamboo pool or some more fun at the Boulevard or Marquee Dayclub pools...bronzed and glowing is how you'll leave.  Enjoy!!!
5	Cosmopolitan is the place to stay at if you're looking to F*** S*** up in Vegas!  Stayed in a wraparound suite and had a few friends stay in a terrace suite a few rooms down.  Good thing we weren't connected 'cause they got hit with the incidental charge! Haha.  I always recommend staying in the wraparound suite here to my friends who are coming in large groups.  Lots of space.  A full kitchen with glassware, sink, fridge with freezer (and it's not full with those overpriced 350 ML bottles and beer) - so stock up!  There's a washer and dryer (somehow my group actually put this to use).  Nice little wet bar too for all your pre-gaming.  There are two bathrooms; one in the bedroom and one by the living room.  The shower and tub in the bedroom are completely open too for everyone to see - which, depending if you come here for fun, can definitely be used for some good times ;).  For those that are a bit more conservative, that is what the other bathroom is for.  And as the name implies, a large wraparound balcony to give you those great strip views.  It only comes with a king bed however, which may be a downer for some, but for those who don't care where you sleep, there's plenty of other room for that.  Like the balcony, where I had two of the five hours of weekend sleep, on one of those comfortable lounge chairs they have out there.  There's a TV in the living and bedroom for those who care to watch it and an iPod dock to connect your tunes (which hotel doesn't have this?).  Sure there are cheaper hotels that have similar amenities but they're off the strip or too far from all the action on the strip.  Cosmo has it all downstairs and it's in the middle of the strip.  Great spot to stay at if it's your first time in Vegas and want to party hard.With that being said, customer service was great.  Had them send a limo to pick my group up at the airport and then again to drive us to XS and Tao, since that's where my group ended up getting bottle service.  All on time. Helped my group get into the room at 5 am (I had the keys and was already passed out inside).  And they took care of us when we were leaving.  Bell desk guys were courteous and quick, and also gave us some good tips on the weekend.  Marquee Dayclub was wild, as is the nightclub.  Good eating at Secret Pizza, Wicked Spoon and China Poblano.  Great place to have some fun playing craps and roulette - always leave a winner!  Had the best weekend in Vegas staying here!
4	Great place for young people, night life, trendy.
3	For me, this hotel is a mixed bag. 5 stars for the chandelier 2 stars for the layout4 stars for the location on the strip4 stars for the rooms2 stars for cleanlinessThe chandelier is a showstopper all on its own. Everyone has to take at least one picture in front of it. Gorgeous. The hotel overall is classy, chic, and very modern.I personally don't like the layout of the hotel and casino. It's confusing and not conducive after a late night of drinking. You might get lost. The hotel's location on the strip is perfect. You are smacked dab in the middle of Las Vegas Blvd. The only problem is that the parking garage and taxi stand areas are so small and stuffy. You will have to wait a long time for cabs because they don't have a large area to drive into.The rooms are nice and comfortable. I saw the rooms on the lower floors and they were very cute. Had a cute sitting area and a very homey feel. The decor differs on certain floors. I was also on the 60th floor and these rooms were AMAZING! Roomy, ultra clean, ultra modern. Everything was top of the line. This is where is the celebrities stay. I like the rooms, I just don't like the drastic difference of decor among all the rooms. This high end hotel should have high end rooms no matter what the cost. Level of cleanliness kind of goes with the rooms. I thought the rooms were thoroughly clean, but the places outside the hotel needed a good scrub down. The hallways in the lower level floors looked horrible (see my picture). They were grey and dirty. Again, a high end hotel should have high end finishings everywhere.Overall, it's a good hotel, but for the price you pay, I expect the highest levels of cleanliness and experience.
5	One of my faves in Vegas.  My room was clean, and the view was amazing.  Check in was a breeze and I was able to upgrade at the desk.  Great location, amenities, and service.
3	beautiful hotel, great food, great pools but the check in is a pain! I checked in on line before getting to the hotel and it still took me 15 mins to get my room key. the second day the room key stopped working and I had to stand in line again for 20 mins to get a new one. The good thing is that they are dog friendly (50$ per night fee) and you can take your dog by the pool with you (just the small pool).The only complain here is that there are lots of restaurant inside the hotel that have tables outside the main walls but they don't allow dogs! Such a shame for a dog friendly place.Overall I will go back, mainly for the food and the pet friendly policy.
3	Positives:1. Allows guests access to the balcony (never experience a Vegas hotel that allowed for this [i.e. The Palms/Palms Place locked the balcony door preventing guest from accessing it])2. Had our room upgraded to the 1 bedroom suite in the East Tower, on the 56th floor for $80 total :DNegatives:1. The architect who designed the entrance to the Cosmopolitan failure utterly to take into consideration differentiating a drive way lane for guests/valet and taxis. My friends and I checked in around 11pm last friday night, it literally took 45 minutes front the car entry way to get to the valet because 2 very narrow lanes were the only way to get to the entry point and valet my car. 2. The Cosmo has to be the only Las Vegas hotel i've ever stayed at that would not allow me to call the valet from my room phone for the car to be pulled up while i head down. Not to the mention the average 20-25 minute wait for my car to arrive.3. The one bedroom suite for $80 was a deal. But we were three guys staying in a suite obviously designed for a couple / voyeur porno / peeping tom. The shutters to the bathroom were controlled by a tab on the outside, and the  "window" next to the bathtub did not even have a glass window, only wooden shutters, through which anyone could come as go as they pleased. Not to mention the fact that the sliding door did not lock and the shower/bath was seperated from the sink area by a see through glass door. The lack of privacy was unacceptable. [reception guy screwed up big on that one.]4. The pull out sofa in the living room was basically just springs...the sad excuse for a mattress might as well not have even been there. 5. The entire mini fridge was stocked full of over priced drinks and gave us no room to put any water or our drinks inside. When I called and asked the front desk to remove the unwanted items in the fridge they stated to us that, that was not possible. [all the other hotels i've stayed at either removed the items or never even had them there in the first place.]- Oh an we went to Marquee for the first time, Armin was playing that night. XS is way way nicer and larger than Marquee. I'll never be going back there again.*I will not be returning to the Cosmo unless it's with my lady, and even then. It's a maybe.
4	Just the right amount of wrong! Thanks to my bf who gambled at the Cosmo a couple times, we were given comped rooms at the Cosmo for our last trip to Vegas in August. I've never stayed at the Cosmo prior and so I was pleasantly surprised with our stay. Check-in was a breeze and probably the quickest check-in experience I've had at any hotel. They also offered a $50 upgrade from a Terrace suite to a suite facing the Bellagio fountains with a jacuzzi tub. We passed on the offer since we figured we wouldn't be staying in our rooms for very long. The hotel clerk also mentioned that for hotel guests, entrance fees to all the clubs were comped from Monday-Friday! This is a huge plus for guys since it can cost a guy upwards of $75 just to get into Marquee on a Friday night! As we walked through the hotel up to our rooms, we saw many artwork and statues along the way. The whole feel of the hotel definitely caters towards the young business professional. Once we walked into our room, we were surprised how big it was! There was a tub, shower, bar area, living room area with a fold out sofa bed, and the main bedroom was separated at the end of the room with a king sized bed facing a spectacular view of Aria, and right below us was the pool. The entire room was beautifully decorated with ornate wallpaper, and Art Deco style artwork. My only concern for the room was that all the lighting were programmed in uniform so if you were to turn on the lights in the bathroom, the lights in the rest of the room would light up as well. This created a bit of a problem for us since my bf and I couldn't figure out how one of us could use the restroom without turning on the lights in the middle of the night to wake up the other person who's sleeping. As part of the hotel amenities, there's a gym and a pool area for guests. We were able to spend some quiet time relaxing by the pool, which I enjoyed glazing up at the spectacular views. The pool was separated from the day club so there were actual lounge chairs available without having to book a cabana. We didn't find the time for the gym which I'll definitely schedule for a short workout in the future since I heard they have a boxing ring in there!
5	Don't let the sleezy-day-club-Marquee people scare you upon entry if you are checking in on a Saturday- this hotel is great. Our room was FABULOUS and top notch. Balcony you can chill on- Check! (where do you get this in Vegas- basically no where-can you say debts+booze=Jumper?) Suite upgrade-Check! Won in the casino-Check! Great restaurants (Jaleo and Chino Pablano)-Check!, hip and gorgeous decor-Check! (and PS. I am soooo over the looks of Venetian, Wynn, Ceasers, etc- so done with old world sexy).Love the room amenities- but hate that the fridge is not empty- we like to stock our own- so my tip... load that great deep kitchen sink with ice and throw your champagne bottles or six packs (however you roll-hey- it's THE Vegas) in there.Check in was easy and quick- the quickest I have ever seen and we checked in on Saturday of Labor Day weekend. The pool you ask? Lovely and felt clean unlike at the day club at Marquee.Cosmo has access to lots of fun shopping and other great casinos, clubs, etc.Unrelated review note: Most epic moment?: Seeing a nomad-like 70 year old woman in all pink and glitter sitting in the hot smoldering sun with a karaoke machine and singing Lana Del Ray's "Summertime Sadness" better than Lana Del Ray
2	Very disappointed...For as much as my group was paying for staying in multiple rooms, we expected a lot better. I have never stayed in a room that required so much maintenance and additional service because a lot of stuff was missing.  There were so many problems ranging from clogged sinks to broken refrigerator handles to no kitchen utensils to missing seat cushions.  Even when the hotel solved all these problems, they would half ass certain aspects of the service (not cleaning up the sinks, replacing only one of two the seat cushions, etc).  The service was disorganized and there seamed to be a disconnect with the hotel staff.  For a hotel as new as Cosmo, there should not have been as many problems as we encountered.At the very least, we had a great view from the balcony, the room decor was nice, and the casino/bars were nice.  Marquee is also very enjoyable.  If it was not for everything outside of the room, this review would be worse.Cosmo is nice to go through or party at, but definitely do not stay there.
5	I will summarize my review as follows: "This is a class establishment with a wonderful and a friendly staff that gives 120% to make each guest feel welcome and special. For a modest price we had a suite that one would normally expect only for wealthy clients.There was free parking and  wonderful amenities including three swimming pools and some incredible restaurants. There were also some great shops. Security was excellent and it was a wonderful and relaxing experience to be there. My only complaints are a lack of coffee machines in the rooms (management claimed that they had had problems with guests spilling hot coffee on themselves and suing the hotel), a lack of a clock in the room, and a fee of up to $25.00 a day for internet. I do highly recommend this hotel for anyone planning a trip to Las Vegas.
3	The hotel is amazing. No doubt about this luxury resorts beauty, elegance, and potential. The booking staff/agents that Maritz Rewards provided were wonderful and accommodating.Hotel/resort appearance: 5 starsHotel amenities: 5 starsHotel Food: 5 starsThis resort is beautiful. The room was immaculate, and the cleaning staff was very understanding with our late nights and throwing off their cleaning schedule. The amenities were amazing, and every food choice was outstanding from the wicked spoon to secret pizza.Casino: 2 stars Although the rewards are very lucrative, the payouts were horrible on the machines we played on. The staff at the casino was not very accommodating and the floor coverage was non-existent.Floor Drink Service: 1 starI love to tip great service. The drink staff was very rude, slow (30-45 minutes per order) and expected tips every time I ordered non-alcoholic beverages. I completely understand this is how they earn a living...but, to stand there expecting a tip, for long awkward periods of time...scoff...make comments under your breath that the patrons can hear....is simply unacceptable. Then to ignore that patron because you weren't tipped is ridiculous. I simply will not tip for every drink you bring me that is a soft beverage that takes 30-40 minutes to arrive. No excuse for the attitude, and unprofessional behavior of the staff. The Henry: 1 starWas seated immediately. We ordered a soft drink and a milkshake, and asked the waiter to return for the rest of our order. The milkshake order was incorrect, ordered chocolate, brought back a strawberry shake. We then spent the next 40 minutes waiting for someone to come by the table for our order and to fix the mistake. I then had to go to the hostess because our waiter was flatly ignoring us. They did finally fix our milkshake order, and prepped it to go....we no longer were willing to wait any further for food since it took over 50 minutes for our waiter to come back to the table.Valet: 2 starsSlow, and unorganized.Marquee nightclub: 5 starsGreat music, great atmosphere, and a beautiful design.Security staff: 5 starsI did not notice one incident of any issues with unruly patrons, security staff is very well trained to keep the undesirable element at bay. Security let us into our room when our key stopped working, they were prompt, polite, and effective.
4	FAVORITE HOTEL ON THE STRIP! I had my Bachelorette party here and the Cosmo was very accommodating to all 15 of us! I'm giving them 4 stars b/c they switched our room reservations 3 days before we were supposed to arrive - they fixed the issue, but not without some complaints. The Marquis pool party is one of the best pool parties I have been to & the Marquis night club is just beautiful and out of this world! If you like pink, black, & diamonds - then this is the place to be!
4	Great newer hotel on the strip. Very luxurious inside. I attended a conference her and it was put together very nicely. All of the staff were friendly and helpful. The casino floor was really clean and nice. You get tell they are trying to appeal to a higher class crowd. It can get pretty pricey in there. At night time this place really comes alive. At the entrance the have a bar called bond. At night time it features gogo dancers in cool masks. Was packed to the gills but great picture spot.
5	Im definitely booking my next stay at the cosmo. So chic and new!Definitely where the younger crowd staysLove the chandelier
3	Such mixed feelings about this place.  I give it 5 stars for decor and their rooms, but 1 star for service.  We came here for the summer concert series, and we were super excited to stay here.  The room was AWESOME.  Love love love. On the other hand, service was absolutely abysmal.  They directed us to 5 different places until we were able to get our tickets for the concert.  There was such a disconnect between the personnel--there were other patrons who were in the same situation as us.  Everyone was complaining about how they were being sent to different places.  Furthermore, when we ordered room service, the food did not come until more than an hour later.  MORE THAN AN HOUR!  That is ridiculous!  I know it's a popular hotel, but really... this defeats the purpose of room service. Sure, the look and feel of the room is important, but when one stays in such an expensive hotel, service is super important too.  I really hope they work on this or else I will not be returning.
5	What's not to love about this hotel?!?! It is one of the most beautiful hotel that I have been to in Vegas, and I have stayed at most of the hotels in Vegas.  Entering this place and going to the valet can be a little confusing, because it is on the side street on Harmon, not on Las Vegas Blvd.  Once you go in, valet will be on the left, I honestly do not know where self parking is at in this place, because it is like a maze, you can get lost!!  Checking in and going to your room is a breeze, you will be totally amazed by the beauty of it's lobby, as well as the cool screens on all of the walls.  Also theres a nice Vesper Lounge right next to check in if you can't wait and need a shot or a drink to calm you down from being shocked by the sheer magnificence of the place.  If that doesn't impress you, get to the room!  Love the wrap around balcony rooms, its like a big ass studio apartment, with every possible thing you need, from a nice kitchen, to guest bathrooms!!  Just love the view, especially when you get the Bellagio fountain view and the Eiffel Tower view, it is the best view in town!  Cosmo is so beautiful inside, with soo many chandeliers downstairs, and even in your room!!Love the design of the place, love the casino, very inviting and very modern.  On to the FOOD, we all love that right?!?! The buffet was bad, I mean Michael Jackson BAD!! Love the nice modern decor of the buffet, the food looks wonderful, but it sucks, totally avoid!  STK was however very good, love the food there, I had the lobster plate, man was it good, highly recommended.  Comme Ca was also very good, a very nice flare to French cuisine, also highly recommended!Next is the shopping, one word, sucks.  Although they have All Saints, but that is about it, so take your shopping to Bellagio, Crystals at City Center or Caesars where all the designer brands are at.Marquee night club is wonderful! Hard as hell to get in, but once you are in, the decor is wonderful, the music is great, and the crowd is young and lively!The pool kicks ass, the pool sits on top of the casino, so you are probably around 10 floors up, overlooking the Las Vegas Strip, can't beat that!A great experience, and highly recommended hotel to stay at!!
5	Absolutely love this hotel!! Have stayed here the last three times we've come to Vegas. The suites are awesome and totally affordable if booked in advance. The view of the fountains is beautiful! Love the decor of the rooms and the hotel itself. We've had nothing but the best service whenever we've stayed here. Great shops and dinning options as well, and a nice convenient walk-over to Walgreens. Have nothing but great things to say about this hotel!
5	At last, my room was ready upon my arrival at 3:30. The room was clean and smelled great. I was there for the Enrique Iglesias concert at the Boulevard Pool last night. I highly recommend anyone who decides to go to a concert here to book the whole room & tickets package, so worth it cause you get early access. I ended up in the front row which was great cause when it's packed and there isn't any cool air, it gets hot with all those body heat. Also wear sandals, you'll thank me, I was in heels and was dying after 1 hour, girls took their shoes off at the end and soaked their feet in the pool. Such a great stay, we didn't even bother to go elsewhere. We ate here, relaxed here, gambled here which I won $100, nothing to write home about but I'm happy not to go home a loser. Loved every part of my stay, now enjoy!
4	I heard about Cosmo and said "Okay, time to go check it out."Spectacular view of the Bellagio's water show. It's worth upgrading to be on Bellagio view side. Marque club is out of this world with heated outdoor amphitheater. Restaurants have great selection from Sashimi to escargot to Kobe beef made to perfection.  Great experience.
2	This hotel is in a relatively good location (in the middle if the strip), and has quite the swanky design.  However, the check-in process is totally unorganized, they're constantly running out of bottled water (which everyone is supposed to get upon arrival), the pools are small and often crowded, and the fitness centers aren't very impressive.  ALSO, the rooms only have showers, no tubs.  Only certain, higher-end (read: way more expensive) rooms have tubs.  Stratification based on tubs!?!  That is utterly ridiculous.  I've stayed at both the Monte Carlo and Mandalay Bay, and they were certainly better.  The Cosmopolitan management needs to regroup, reevaluate, and redo.
5	When I think of this hotel the first word that comes to mind is SWANKYMy new favorite hotel!Our room was perfect even with a balcony view of the pool, it had that party feel to it, and that's what I came for. Perfect restaurants for my liking and stores as well. The casino area was nice airy, maybe a little too airy, I was freezing my bones off!! Love the pool area, I could have hung out there all day! Never had a problem with customer service, everyone went out of their way for us.A perfect hotel for the young and young at heart.
4	We had a view of the fountains, but the hum of the crappy small hotel next door drowned it out.  The most expensive buffet I have ever eaten at.  Decor was very cool.  I will try other places before I would go back again.
4	Stayed here twice, both for bachelorette parties. Def a girly, fun hotel. Decor is lovely and rooms are nice. The cool thing about this hotel is that they have balconies, I am not a smoker but my gfs who smoked loved this feature. Only annoying this is the long walks from the room to the main floor, so easy to get lost too.
1	BEWARE!!! I mistakenly left my diamond bracelet on the bathroom vanity and when I arrived back to my room a couple of hours later it was stolen. I'm POSITIVE that housekeeping stole the item and for this reason, I will NEVER stay here again.
5	Buy water, or any drinks off the strip. Walgreens across the street is very overpriced. Must visit wicked spoon.Had a view of the Bellagio Fountains and the strip which was very nice. This place was very busy all the time.  Pools loaded with people.  If you like the strip you will love this place.
4	Beautiful hotel. Beautiful Rooms. Expensive as fuck. Small gambling area. Great Food. Great Club/ Day Club. Amazing Views and Concerts. Really Great Staff ... except the front desk... stayed here twice now and both times I got into fights with the front desk. They're slow at checking people in and they have attitude and try to upsell you on everything. They treat everyone (well, maybe not super rich or famous people) terribly and act like they're better than you. I almost punched one once. Also, I think some of them are touched in the brain because they don't listen to you when you speak and just keep saying the same thing over and over. All the other staff is GREAT, just not the front desk. The bell desk, room service, maids, valet, concierge, nightclub workers, bar tenders, cocktail waitresses, dealers, chefs, servers, cashiers.... everyone... just not the front desk. Rooms (whether free or not) require $150 hold on your credit card for EACH night which is the highest I've ever seen. If your room is free, resort fee is comped, otherwise it's like $20. The wrap around terrace suite is beautiful and has great views and laundry room, two bathrooms, super soft bed, living room, kitchen, hallway...Regular rooms are nice tooRoom service breakfast is delicious and pretty much the same price as all the other casinos on the strip. Wicked Spoon is to die for.
5	I will stay here again and again and again.  From the moment you walk in and walk through the changing pylon screens you know this is a luxe hotel.Love the hello and goodbye buttons in the rooms.  Junior suite is the way to go.Must eat at wicked spoon and get the bacon slab.  Don't be afraid to ask for more than one piece :)
4	This is a hotel I would definitely go back to! There are furnished balconies overlooking the Bellagio fountains (prob better views than some of their own). The rooms are modern and allow enough space to spend more than a few days comfortable without the room feeling like it is caving in..... great place to make a "love shack" yet close and central if you want to go out on the town! There is a living room area to make a great place when meeting friends in town who do not have a room with nothing more than beds. The staff is very friendly and the hotel decor throughout is a sight to see.
5	We came to Vegas for a business trip but it turned into mostly a pleasure trip by staying at the Cosmo!  We stayed here from a Tuesday-Friday and enjoyed every second of our stay. My husband and I and another couple joined us for our stay. We had a wraparound suite on the 22nd floor overlooking the Marquee Day Club and had a view of the Belaggio Fountains. AMAZING! Our room had many amenities including a full kitchen, wine refrigerator, 2 full bathrooms, a massive bathtub,  gorgeous eclectic decorations and artwork....really everything that you could possibly want from a room on the strip. The location was ideal and close to everything. If you didn't feel like walking it was short cab ride to the end of the strip.The pool was wonderful!!! We ended up doing a cabana at the Blvd. pool on a Thursday which was one of the most amazing things ever. We ate and drank like kings and the food and drinks were absolutely delicious. I definitely recommend the fish tacos and the lucky horseshoe cocktail. The lounge chairs in the pool were the icing on the cake for our afternoon naps! What a great way to relax after a long night.All of the staff were super friendly and very helpful. They accommodated all of our needs and really went above and beyond. I cant say enough great things about the Cosmo. Seriously an amazing resort. We will definitely be back for years to come!
4	Both stays at The Cosmo, my experience was pretty surreal, like suddenly you've walked into a modern-day version of Logan's Run where everyone is beautiful, and under the age of 30. I've never seen such a high concentration of good-looking young folks in any other Vegas hotel. It was puzzling, disorienting, somewhat damaging to the self-conscious, but certainly pleasing to the eye.The wrap-around suites are great - undoubtedly the best I've ever come across in my stays in Vegas. There's a large balcony that wraps around the whole room, giving you astonishing views of the strip and the Bellagio fountain - especially if you're lucky enough to get a room on a high floor. Not to mention, there's a washer, dryer, and full kitchen set-up, which I can see being incredibly useful if you're staying for more than just a couple nights.Lots of good establishments around the hotel - Chandelier Bar is, on a visual scale, my favorite bar in Las Vegas. Restaurants like Holsteins and STK make for good lunch and dinner stops. It's worth noting the casino only had $25 minimum blackjack tables - for scaredy cat gamblers like me, best to stick to the $10 MGM tables.The front desk customer service is iffy. I've not personally had any big issues, but one couple in the group we traveled with were told their room wasn't available (despite booking weeks in advance). The front desk played it off as it would be free in a couple hours, and that they'd call back. The call never came and despite them checking in with Cosmo every couple hours, they were without a room all the way until the following day. Seeing their bad experience was pretty unsettling.
5	New favorite Vegas hotel!  The hotel is always bustling, never a dull moment.  Love the restaurants inside the hotel.
5	This Place from the Rooms to the Food to The staff to the Environment to the PoolIs Awesome Specially the Buffet  at  wicked Spoon was  an Awesome Experience.
3	This hotel is pretty with plenty of nice dining options. It has a safe atmosphere for women or for hanging out alone. The chandelier bar is beautiful. It doesn't have a lot of shopping choices that I was interested in though.
2	The only reason I am giving this 2 stars instead of 1 is because the hotel room was nice. Other than that this place is a joke. The staff treated my wife and I like crap the whole time we were there. I am assuming because we are heavily tattooed they assumed we don't have money and there for aren't worth the courtesy of even small talk. Tried to ask some dealers questions about poker the first night we stayed and got the cold shoulder at first then a very nasty "We dont even have a poker room". I will not be staying here again.
5	The Cosmopolitan is one of my favorites in Vegas.  Nice service, beautiful rooms, great location...all in all, no complaints. Love the Chandelier bar as well. Definitely would try to stay here when I'm in town.
5	HANDS DOWN MY FAVORITE SPOT to stay in Las Vegas! For just about FOREVER, I have always stuck towards the Venetian and Wynn/Encore as those were our main party spots.  We decided to stay at Cosmo, since we had planned on partying at Marquee, Light and Hakkasan.AND BOY DID WE MAKE THE RIGHT CHOICE! The Cosmopolitan is very swanky and hip.  Crowd here is also on the younger side and everything about this casino just screams trendy!We ended up with a Terrace One Bedroom. A $50 tip landed us 3 nights upgraded from a Terrace Studio to a Terrace One bedroom Bellagio fountain view and waived resort fees! The room itself is huge. Bedroom is separated from the living room, bathroom has standing shower and also a soaking tub. The Bellagio Fountain view on the balcony is also priceless!As far as pricing goes, it's on the expensive side.  You definitely have to do some detective work to score a deal, and if you're interested..private message me and I'll see if I can help you.So why else would you visit the Cosmopolitan if you weren't a hotel guest?MARQUEE DAYCLUB & NIGHTCLUB-One of the most popular venues on the Strip right now. They attract big name DJs. I recommend going to the Dayclub on Saturday, and industry Mondays for the nightclub.WICKED SPOON BUFFET-This buffet is definitely one of a kind. There are better buffets on the Strip in terms of food quality, but the layout and dishes here are fun and flirty haha. Dessert section is the way to go! Lunch runs about $23 and dinner is $39!SECRET PIZZA SPOTLocated on the food court level, the infamous secret pizza isn't too much to rave about, but it's cheap and tasty! So you can't complain.  It' not hard to find, it's the busiest spot in that level and always has alot of peopel in front of it. Popular spot after Marquee lets out, It gets packed at night time after the clubs let out, so be prepared to wait up to 30 minutes for pizza! As far as down falls goes, there are better casinos to play at. I'm not a fan of the layout, and table limits here are very inconsistent. Luckily Planet Hollywood is only a 5 minute walk across the street!All in all, the Cosmo is a great experience. I'm very glad that I stayed here and am looking forward to staying here again in the future. I literally have no complaints about it except for the fact that I spent way too much due to the amount of fun that I had on this trip!
3	I don't think I'm cool enough to come here often. The vibe here is certainly sexy hip style. Don't bring your children here. In fact, don't bring your children to Las Vegas at all. Ever. I don't gamble, so I cant speak to the gaming. The rooms were spacious and fine for my stay.
4	Awesome hotel and very friendly staff. Parking is great b/c they tell you how many spots are left on each floor. Great shopping in Cosmo and fun gaming all around. There's a shop on the 2nd floor with the best macaroon's ever!!!
5	My girls and I stayed here for my bachelorette party. The place is chic. The staff is friendly. There are a ton of amenities. The restaurants were fabulous. the views from the room are gorgeous. The best part? I'm ashamed to say because no one sleeps in Vegas, but the beds! The beds were so freakin comfy!! I would definitely stay here again on my next trip to Vegas. Big thank you their employee Chris F. who took major care of us while we were there.
1	Money spent in all wrong places: ceiling crystals. How about you group of genius' open a second cashier cage or have more than 2 employees running a cage when you have a 30 person line at your ONLY cash cage
4	Great hotel, the casino can be a bit claustrophobic since it wasn't designed as a Casino to begin with. The rooms on the other hand are fantastic and the staff is excellent. The dining is also good, many good options from Jose Andres to Scarpetta. This is probably my #3 hotel of choice in vegas as of 2013.
5	One of my favorite places in the world! Quintessential Las Vegas- Glitz and Glamour everywhere. From the food, to the clubs to the food, to the rooms- this place is amazing. HUUGE casino floor. Amazing pools. They even have a boozey ice cream shop (should you be lucky enough to find it)! Every time I go to Vegas, I feel like I've died and gone to heaven upon entering through the glass doors.
5	I have stayed at The Cosmopolitan twice now: once for my bachelorette party and once to just... party. The hotel is in a prime spot of real estate right in the middle of The Strip and all of the action that comes with it. The hotel itself is beautiful, trendy, and modern. The decor includes chandeliers everywhere, crystals draping all over the place, modern pieces of art, etc. I have stayed in two different rooms on both sides of The Cosmopolitan, and if you can, I encourage you to get a room that faces the Bellagio fountains/ Paris Hotel/ North Strip. The room that I stayed in most recently was a Terrace room on the 46th floor that had a terrace that was probably 30 feet long facing the Bellagio fountains. I challenge you to find another room in Las Vegas with a better view than we had. The rooms are clean, well decorated and rather large, compared to other hotels that I have stayed in. In the terrace suite, our room had a full kitchen, dining room, living room, two bathrooms and a large bedroom. It was a nice feature to have a room with two bathrooms, especially given the fact that we had five girls that all had to shower and get ready. I do caution you with the rooms that have full kitchens; Just because it's a full kitchen, that does not mean that it is equipped with all kitchen gadgets and supplies. We learned that the hard way when we attempted to make taquitos at about 4 a.m. and did not have a baking sheet. (Dont' worry, just throw those babies right on the oven rack and they'll cook up nice and crispy.)Aside from the rooms and the view, another nice thing about staying at The Cosmopolitan was the club, Marquee, was right downstairs. We planned it out so that our last night in town we would go to Marquee, that way we wouldn't have to walk too far to get back to our room, being that as a girl in Vegas, your feet are completely blistered by the last night. Marquee was a lot of fun. It's a nice, open club that has multiple bars open to avoid long lines. They always have pretty good DJs and from what I hear, Marquee is one of the best clubs in Vegas.
5	I loved this place. Great room and they upgraded me for free. Food was great and I loved how everyone called me by name. Spa was amazing as well. This is my new Hotel in Las Vegas.
5	Really awesome hotel.  It's a young hip crowd and the vibe is very young.  The restaurants in this place are awesome too.  STK is great for steak and Estiatorio Milos is awesome Mediterranean food.   The rooms are huge and really well done with cool pictures, nice furniture, and all nice finishes.  This place is a true Vegas experience.
5	This was my second stay at the Cosmopolitan and this hotel keeps getting better.The hotel is beautiful, sexy and modern with great contemporary art throughout the property. Even though it was busy because of the weekend we never had a problem waiting or dealing with crowds. We stayed in a terrace one-bedroom in early October, which is a perfect time to visit Las Vegas - not too hot but plenty of sunshine. This was especially important because I was hellbent on enjoying the pool. The last time we visited LV was early November and the Cosmo pools were closed.I booked the trip through an airline vacation website and called a few days before arrival to confirm the reservation. The woman I spoke with made note that we'd be checking in early (10 am, coming straight from the airport) instead of the normal 3 pm check in time. This worked out well - when my group arrived at the hotel our rooms were ready for us and the guy at the check in desk was very nice and accommodating.We skipped the Boulevard Pool, which is more of a club atmosphere (and crowded) and headed straight for the Bamboo Pool on the 14th floor of the West Tower. This pool has more a relaxed vibe. The layout is great and when we arrived around 11 am were able to snag a group of recliners. Make sure you get there early, since the Cosmo pools are smaller than other resorts and the recliners go quickly. We basically camped out there for the day and ordered plenty of food and drinks (warning: not cheap). Side note: the shadows of the other hotels surrounding the pool pass over the pool area in the afternoon, but if you wait 20 minutes you'll be back in the sunshine in no time.Our room on the 55th floor was fantastic. You can't beat a terrace overlooking the Bellagio fountains, and the bathroom was huge with a Japanese soaking tub looking out over the Strip. If you can spring for a terrace room with a view, go for it.  Not many hotels offer that experience.Overall we had a great trip and barely left the hotel. Will definitely return again.
5	I love this HOTEL!! The view is the best on the strip.. Location is perfect.. Customer service is always great!
2	4 stars: The room and pool were very nice.              Design was very hip and trendy.                         Nice jetted tub and beautiful shower. Bathroom counter small.  2 stars: cleanliness. Urine marks that never got wiped mopped around the toilet. I didn't go barefoot.1 stars for customer service:  I paid for 2 rooms for 5 night. I got the crappier of the 2 rooms. So bad part on the girl. In addition, she screws up in emailing my receipt. I never receive it. I have to call back to get it. Lady on the phone who I call back gets the job done but is very rude about it. Acts as if it's my fault. They spell my name wrong on the reservation but is able to spell my name right on the credit card billing. Customer service 101: get the clients name right. Customer service 102:  be nice to client especially if you screw up. I'm going back to Mandarin Oriental. Service is muchhhh better!
5	This hotel was ridiculously amazing.  We arrived an hour early and they let us check in early.Our room was gorgeous, modern, clean, sexy and the deep bathtub overlooking the strip and Bellagio fountain was amazing.  The staff was wonderful, accommodating and polite.The valet system, where we could scan our ticket and only had to wait minutes for our vehicle was a very nice touch -- not to mention there were two bottles of water in the cup holder of our rental car.I would have to say, the ONLY thing I didn't like about this hotel was the fact there was NO alarm clock in our room and we ordered a wake-up call and it didn't happen.  Thank goodness I set my alarm on my iPhone, or we would have missed our flight.Stay here, you will NOT be disappointed.
5	The Cosmopolitan in Las Vegas is one of the most extraordinary hotel experiences I've ever had. Everything is exquisite from the rooms, the views, the food, nightlife, and the staff. Defiantly check out Marque (the night club which throws pool parties during the day). Also try the Wicked Spoon for breakfast, which consists of the most extravagant breakfast buffet I've ever seen! In addition to the great food and atmosphere, the staff is incredibly friendly, kind, and helpful. It's been wonderful staying here and I hope to come back again!
5	This place is top notch.  We got to Vegas around 11am.  The line to check in was pretty slow, but the person who helped us was very nice.  The room we reserved was not ready yet.  So he asked us if we wanted to upgrade to Belllagio fountain view.  We had to pay more but that's ok we're on vacation.  The room was fabulous.  We didn't want to leave the room.  The view of the dancing fountain of the Bellagio was spectacular.  This place is expensive but we wanted to experience Vegas luxury.
5	I've just read a review from "Tomas", a purported semi-high roller who complained of service during Memorial Day Weekend. Cannot comment on his situation - since it isn't mine - but I can offer a counterpoint.We arrived and checked in at VIP Registration. While my wife grabbed some juices and sodas, I spoke to the clerk who offered a suite with a connector for my 9 year-old son. While he checked on availability, I was offered an array of alcoholic options. Although I declined, it's nice to know that champagne and such were available.The collection of rooms was - in a word - huge. To give some perspective, I didn't know we had a third bathroom until we were about to check out on Sunday. Luxurious bedding and pillows, prompt service, and easy to use technology.The staff - across the board - are friendly and courteous. We only had two major meals - room service and buffet Saturday night. Total cost for trip? Under $25.The location is terrific, by the way. Easy walk to Caesar's in one direction, a short hop to MGM in the other. Who could ask for anything more?
4	Since I work for a hotel in Scottsdale, I have very high expectations and I'm constantly judging other hotels. I knew the Cosmo would be pretty great but my mind was blown.When I made my reservation over the phone, the woman who I spoke with was great. She was really helpful and even explained that they had a deal going on that included a $150 gaming and f&b credit. I was sold.We get to the hotel Sunday at around 11am and the line at the front desk is insanely long. We checked our bags and our bellman told us that we should try to check in early so we went for it. Andrea at the front desk was so friendly even though they were slammed with guests trying to check in. She had no problem checking us into our room at 11:45. So we get into our beautiful City View room and I was pretty impressed except for the fact that we had no tub :( the woman I spoke with said we would have a 'Japanese soaking tub'. I was upset but I looked past it and we went down to the Marquee pool party which was so amazing despite the not so great weather. Our bartender Shawna was so sweet and friendly. After a great time at the pool, we went back to the room and I had still been upset about not having a tub and was even willing to pay an upgrade to get a tub in my room. I called guest services and spoke with Danielle Marie. What an amazing girl. I explained the situation about how id wanted a tub and after a few minutes, she had upgraded me, complimentary, to a terrace room just right above our current room! She made me feel like we were the only ones in the entire hotel and was the true definition of hospitable. The only reason I give this hotel a 4 starts is because it took the bellman well over 50 minutes to bring us our bags and it took the housekeeping about 45 minutes for new towels :\. Besides that, the hotel was perfect. All the restaurant were fabulous, all the people I spoke with at Identity were very knowledgable and I can not wait to come back! Thank you everyone at Cosmopolitan for making my trip extremely special.
2	When we arrived, the bellhop a and valets very extremely friendly and helpful, but at the check in desk we found out that our booked room was taken, the receptionist seemed very stingey on making up for our reservation too. The hotel is very beautiful, with a very elegant young feel to it. In the room was when we realized they seemed to be nickel and diming. The refrigerator was full of all kinds of drinks but with very manipulative sensors installed that automatically charge once moved. We asked the bellhop to remove them entirely so we may use the refrigerator, he assured housekeeping will come in about 10 minutes to do just that but eventually never came at all. (Later in the trip we called to get more towels in our bathroom as 4 people use the amount house-keeping leaves in one day. They never came. )When I tried accessing the wifi hotspot either my iphone or the redirection link to allow access did not work at all. I found out you need to open Safari to initiate any response, and even then there was some problem with billing issue which made us call the helpline. For the price of the room, I was surprised to discover that not only is wifi not free, but it is limited to only two devices regardless of if we had a double queen bed room. Inside the room we had noticed numerous switches broken, a wall plug that didn't work,  and a pole to the balcony banister broken off. Not a dealbreaker, but c'mon.  Overall it isn't the worst experience to be imagined but there was a lot of potential for having a great consistent customer experience, in which I did not receive.-------Over the trip I decided that this hotel is good for meeting up at to find some pretty cool bars, but as far as customer service and staying at the hotel, it's irritated our friends multiple times this weekend.
5	Cosmo is by far my favourite hotel of all!! Sorry, other vegas hotels I've had a slight change of heart. Wrap around suite is nice but, the penthouse we stayed in even better. Stayed here with my girlfriends last weekend and absolutely loved it!! Although, the amount of space is bigger than the condo I live in now, I can appreciate the amount of space and the blasting edm and cant forget my love for gangster rap all day and night playing. The rooms are a good size all 3, with kitchen, dining and living room and enough tvs I won't miss out on any action, not that I watch much tv anyway. Location is perfect. Hakasan then back to marquee and crawl back to our rooms. Perfect night huh? Thank You for a great time Cosmo! See you Halloween weekend and possibly 30th birthday in 2 months?
5	I would give the Cosmopolitan 20 stars if I could.  I will never stay anywhere else when I visit Vegas. Seriously, I am so spoiled after our three night stay at this beautiful hotel.  It is also worth mentioning that the location is excellent as it is right next to the Bellagio and Aria so cruising the strip for some shopping is a breeze.
4	Was here on a vacation trip in September and enjoyed my time here.Great balcony view overlooking the Bellagio fountains.Love the toiletries of this hotel. Lavender peppermint, it's awesome! Oh, and get the lip balm from housekeeping. It's good n keeps your lips fm cracking under Vegas sun.
5	I have got to stay here for new years someday! the cosmo has always been nice to me! the pools are so relaxing and last but not least.... secret pizza! hush. if you don't know...oh well.  dining overall is great! I can walk in and come across someone I know, this place has had good vibes! keep it that way pls!!
1	Sorry folks, I'm not having such a "great experience".  I'm currently in my room 5647 and it just bugged me so here I am yelping.   First of all, when I got into my room, I could tell that the carpet was not vacuumed that day - visible lint and small bits of trash.  Secondly, a dirty rag and trash was sitting on the shelf.  On top of it - the room was not dusted.  The phone had visible dust bunnies on it?!?!?  I looked around and it's like the housekeeper didn't take pride in keeping the room to it's highest standards and the hotel obviously doesn't care.  Last of all, the amenities?  I had to go down and ask for a complete set - I mean really?  Where's the damn soap, plastic hair and shower gel?  I also mentioned that my room did not get vacuumed that day - today's a new day and obviously concierge was not that concerned about my concerns because again, my room did not get vacuumed.  I had to call down and ask that a message be left with housekeeping that I would like my room vacuumed!!!!  Let's see if it gets vacuumed on the 3rd day I'm here.The sweet girl that checked me in gave such high reviews of the room and amenities - she needs to seriously look at my room - again 5647.  For over $200+ a night?!?!?  Housekeeping also took away the extra washcloths that I had on top the sink, why?  Who knows but they were not on the floor as I left them on the sink to use that night and for the next morning.  They do not replenish your amenities - they just recap the product.  How cheap is that?  Most places I stay at - they replenish everyday.  Cheap cheap cheap. Housekeeping also did not take away my breakfast glasses - my juice glass, the milk glass and the milk container was sitting on top the console.  What kind of housekeeping standards is this for The Cosmo?  Whatever, I'm not impressed.The only best thing about this room?  The view - very nice.
5	Time for a review update.  When I wrote my first review in late 2010, the joint just opened up.  Now, almost 3 yrs later and more than a dozen visits to this joint, I can say that it's my #1 place to visit when I go back to Vegas.  Besides all of the points I've already made in my prior review, here's why:+ We've dined at several restaurants (Secret Pizza, Holsteins, Comme Ca, STK, Jaleo, Wicked Spoon, The Henry) and all of them are awesome.+ The Chandelier Bar is our place to meet up friends and colleagues to get our night started.  The 3 level bar is great for meeting groups of people, having drinks, and people watching.  The 1st level is especially good for people watching.+ Speaking of people watching....park yourself at Bond, like we do and you can watch the shenanigans on the Strip from your comfortable chair/sofa while having drinks and listening to great music.+ FREE WiFi throughout the property...yes, FREE with no strings attached.+ Marquee Nightclub is one of my favorite in town.  Their VIP Cabanas are an awesome place to hang out.+ The rooms are amazing.  Get one overlooking the Bellagio Fountains, it's one of the most spectacular views in Vegas.+ The artwork around the property is awesome, there's tons of fun things you will spot if you look carefully enough.Overall, this place is simply amazing.  If you've never been, you have to put it on your 'to do' list if you're coming to Vegas.Return Factor - 100%
5	Everything about the Cosmo is GREEEAT. I love the rooms they have, very chic and modern, def. enough space for more than a one bed (2 ppl), i love their huge bath tub. What i loved the most is the open patio with seatings outside. GREAT for ppl who like to smoke - step outside close the door and enjoy the fabulous view. I love it here! The restaurants are great too! If you hit up the chinese/mexican restaurant you are DEF. in for a treat. As i was reading the menu i was confused... whether or not i was here for dim sum or tacos? LOL i love both but we def. stuck with the dim sum.The staff were very friendly, great customer service (we ordered hot n sour soup and it was full of soy sauce, we tried adding water and lime to it but the taste would not dilute.) The waiter kindly took it off our bill although we suggested to pay for it anyways.
5	Absolutely gorgeous hotel. Really can't complain about this place, especially since I scored a room for like 50% off using Priceline. Favorite things about The Cosmo - fantastic artwork all over the property, super friendly staff, especially housekeeping, and views from the rooms. I definitely recommend Holsteins for burgers and shakes and checking out the Chandelier bar!A++!
3	So, I just read Cynthia C's review and just about puked when I read about the squiggly HAIR in her food? wTF? Hairs are bad enough, but SQUIGGLY? We all know what those tend to be! Gagggggggg  I'm also wondering about that great lip balm and toothbrush provided in Cynthia's room, because they sure as heck weren't in mine! Now I feel really jipped!     I just returned from a weekend at the Cosmo.I was there for a conference, so there is a lot to do with the hotel that I can't even comment on at all. I thought the suite was great, although not my style, who cares? It was a weekend, and I expect that in Vegas. The suite was enormous. The bed comfy. The mini bar, already depleted when I got in the room (and then the charge was on my bill...but removed when pointed out). The shower/tub/window view, etc was pretty cool. No serious problems with temp. There were definitely dirty areas of the room, which is disgusting. When I'm forking out $660 for two nights, I don't want to find hairs, thick dust and filth all over the sliding doors hampering my view of Vegas. Definitely creepy feeling. Only cleaned out one sink the second day. Cleaning staff is definitely the most lacking.       The view of the Bellagio fountains was great...and just how spacious the balcony was. I ordered room service one night, and it was relatively quick, decent tasting, and the server who delivered was quite friendly. The staff in general didn't seek you out to check on you, but if you approached them with questions, etc, they were all very friendly and helpful. Tip: much fresher and more economical drinks in Vitals - the 24 hour store near checkin. Maybe even more variety of food and snacks would be great.     Oh yeah, also, the second TV in my suite didn't work. It made obnoxiously loud sounds and just wouldn't ever correct itself. No remote for that tv either. Restaurant selection was lacking, they really need to offer something more basic and/or casual. let's see. i had three or four screwdrivers throughout the weekend and they were all slightly different than each other. Only one was truly orange, which is frightening really. I chose a screwdriver because I thought it would be so basic and simple. Ha the screwdriver cost nearly $11, and of course was tiny. The hotel felt like a meat market, at least at night. but, maybe all of vegas is that way at night? Other positives: quick elevators to all floors and the chandelier bar was beautiful.
5	This place is not just a hotel to stay at but an entire experience.I frequent Las Vegas quite a bit and have always left feeling like my trip was missing something. I've stayed at all of the "well known" high-end hotels and for one reason or another they never met my expectations. Well, all of this changed upon walking into the Cosmopolitan for the first time.Immediately you are transported into the Cosmopolitan universe as you reach the lobby and stand there in awe of what they pulled off. It's like nothing else you have ever seen. From that point on throughout the rest of my stay I could not find one crack in the veneer of the Cosmopolitan experience.The rooms are immaculate, the staff is professional & courteous, and the hotel provides you with everything you would ever need. I realize that the price of a room here may not fit into everyone's budget however if you are looking to truly treat yourself and are headed to Las Vegas - I very strongly encourage you stay here.You will not leave disappointed. I can't wait to go back.
1	Fact:  Stayed in this hotel in 2012 and just recently in 2013This place is owned by a bank and acts like it.Its all glamor show...I mean "SHOW" and its very attractive to those who are very "shallow" with money to burn.  IF you gamble good luck....you have better shot going to Caesars or anywhere else. IF you like to buy $20 Hamburger or $45 steaks that taste worse than Wendy's or sizzler this is the place.some facts based on my stay in the hotel room:The Rooms:1. CLEANLINESS- The room are not that kept up2. THIN WALLS  (thin cheap drywall) Don't be alarmed but there is a good chance at finding writing on the walls3.TOILET - sometimes flushes fully sometime only 1/2 you really have push the lever down4. No thought must have gone on when putting a safety lock box with a sliding door to bathroom because if you close that slider and not using the lock box the box door will swing open and almost  LOCK YOU in the bathroom.5. They do have a good view of another hotels watershow...but it gets old quick and those thin walls you will hear EVERY blast they make.6. Pillows are soft...I thought they might be made from helium7. Bed casing cheeeeeeaap and dirty....but I found 15 cents from noticing how dirty they were...The TV (when you have dull time between conference meetings this is important)1.  TV's was scratched which made watching annoying (thought it was only one time thing....low and behold the second time I stayed it had scratches too)2.  PIX ELATION VIEWING that is what you will see when watching TV here - NO HDTV at all.3.  When using this funky TV REMOTE they give you - you must point directly at one part of the TV otherwise forget it.4.  TV CLOCK (it thinks your in another timezone) is an hour off which makes the "TV Guide" useless5.- CHANNEL LAG - ANY channel you wish to watch takes 2-4 minutes before it appears (it does get better in the afternoon), so if you like channel hopping grab snickers as it will take a awhile.6- MENU SYSTEM - The menu system on the TV which is important for other than watching its awful and after you do a check out it will just sit there....then you do it again...again...and finally it will acknowledge you.Features of the room:1. ooooh the LIGHTING....hello/ goodbye seem the only choices here - its not easy to set lights and made difficult by placing the master switch at the door. (hard to explain this system but expect frustration here)2. in 2012 room came with a high tech PHONE which handled most everything which helped with operating the lights from the bed.....BUT in 2013 they must have went REAL CHEAP and got some ill advised cordless cheap phone cause none of the shortcut buttons work essentially just hit 0 cause everything else will be a chore.3 The FURNITURE-  It seems Deutsch Bank (owners of Cosmopolitan) got all the hotel room furniture at a low cost thrift center but must hired someone to attempt to make it look "cool"4. ICE ICE BABY -- good luck  they have one ice machine per floor (fine!) but they give you a microscopic ice bucket, so you have either make many trips or take the liner out of the garbage can and use that one to get ice.5. NICKEL AND DIME you with food tray and filled refrigerator with high priced stock....it would have been nicer to remove all that and let the customer use the fridge for other things...plus be careful open it that fridge and its $9-12 charge just to look whats inside it.6. ELEVATORS so many sets of elevators you must pay attention to which set is going to your room....also just recently the elevator buttons get stuck...meaning the elevators will skip your floor and you could wait awhile before someone fixes it...even if they already know there is a problem  (how could this be because EMPLOYEES have their own elevator they take)ambiance1. it looks like they re-purposed a bunch of old photos of old Vegas to make it hip2. They must have take art work from local middle school odd design classes...and placed it around floor 2 and 3  (although 5 dogs staring at each other got more interesting as time went on)3. Chandeliers  are plastic....not a total surprise really.4. Lots of woman with short dresses  (plus in my book but its really gold diggers looking for some c-notes)5. Pools are weird and ok....hardly see them used as a pool situation though gym is goodCustomer Service Expect lousy to ok....thats it... look to see how they are pushy to get tips from you.conference roomsThe set up is good here....but flimsy walls and doors that don't close right can be annoying and over time I see this place degrading.Up-suitesThey have some rather large room which at first glance is pretty cool but as you really get used to it...you realize its no differently built wise than the smaller rooms...noise is ALWAYS presentI would NOT recommend anyone to stay here on vacation - as I was here for a conference twice...I would avoid that conference if they have it at this hotel again....
5	Definitely my favorite Casino on the strip. The chandelier bar alone is reason enough to stay here. The rooms are nice with views of the city. It's opulence, dahhhling!
1	I would love to give this hotel a four star rating. The facilities are nice. The shops and food are very good. And the suites are well set up for entertaining.However, the way the management responded to a noise incident makes it impossible for me to do so.You know how I mentioned those suites are well set up for entertaining? That's what a group I was with was doing. We had a private event and when the party got going, it was loud. But it wasn't any louder than events I've been to in hotel suites over many years for both professional and personal reasons.It would have been perfectly reasonable for the hotel to send security to shut the party down and require everyone to leave in response to the noise. And if that is what happened I'd probably have given the hotel the four star review its facilities warrant.But the response of management, while absolutely within its rights, was excessive. They shut the party down and required everyone to leave. That's fine. What they also did is why I am giving they hotel one star. They evicted the people who paid for the suite. You read that right. They tossed them out of the hotel.The Cosmopolitan had the absolute right to do this. But people looking to book an event in the suites should be aware of this policy. They have a no tolerance policy and if they decide your event is too loud, this could happen to you.
5	As far as I'm concerned - best place on the strip!!! I fell in love with The Cosmopolitan last year and I vowed I would stay here on my next Vegas trip - unfortunately that didn't happen (thanks friend who reaaalllly wanted to stay elsewhere ... no really thanks) but this won't stop me from reviewing my long lost love. You won't find a sexier, younger, more hip attracting hotel in all of Vegas - period. The enormity of walking through ground level is nothing compared to what you'll find on the remaining levels - a pool on each floor (Boulevard, Marquee and Bamboo), all of which offer something different. Boulevard - gets busy but fairly tame (on weekend nights, they often have one off concerts here - we just so happened to see Robin Thicke and Jason Derulo perform), Marquee - think Mykonos/Ibiza/Agia Napa mixed into one crazy day club, you won't know if you're Arthur or Martha and Bamboo - a quiet alternative for those who need to nurse a major hangover (be sure to order the tuna salad - good grief, as fresh as it can get). As others have mentioned, the secret pizza place is by no means the best pizza you'll have eaten but it's certainly worth a visit any time of the day. Do check out Chandelier Bar. This place holds some incredible memories so whenever I am there, I will sit at the ground floor bar and order a Coconut Ciroc on ice - dear lord what I would do to be there right now. I need to get back.
1	This just solidifies me not wanting to go to the Cosmo to gamble anymore. Been planning a trip out to Cosmo since last month because of the fun stay I had over labor day weekend. Made my reservation when I saw the B1G1 free night offered, but booked it for the second Monday in November instead of the second Monday in December! So aggravating and even though I played at a decent level during my last stay on the slots, plus we spent over $2k on rooms and food/clubs/etc over just a couple days, and no help at all. A host quoted me the online rate thinking I was stupid and hadn't done my research. Staying at ARIA Resort & Casino comped (aka FREE) even though I didnt play at any MLife resorts last trip, with the better beds and will gamble with MLife since they will actually make me feel welcome and appreciated with their good customer service.
4	I am following up on my very unhappy review that I wrote 10/22/2013.   I'm the gal who was in 5647 and yelped about my dirty room - here is an update with a happy ending.The following morning after I had yelped about my dirty room, I received 2 calls one from Zahra, guest services and Brian, resort manager.  They both apologized and expressed concerns that my room was not up to the standards I expected and immediate worked together to rectify my situation.  They pleasantly offered to upgrade me but I was already unpacked for my convention week and really didn't want to got through the hassle of repacking my clothes, work docs, computer and essentials to move to another floor and room.  I just wanted my room to be clean and vacuumed when I returned - that's all.   They reassured me that they would address my concerns with the head of housekeeping and make sure that my room was to the standards that I was expecting for a 4-5 star hotel.I have to tell you, when I walked into my room that evening - you could SMELL how clean the room was and yes, my room got vacuumed, the shower stall got scrubbed out thoroughly, there were no more dust bunnies anywhere and no spot stains on the bathroom counter/mirror.  On top of that, Brian and Zahra sent up a fruit bowl, gift basket and enough toiletries for me and my roommate to share.  (We weren't able to use it all and are donating them to a local Women's Shelter)  Evening housekeeping was thoughtful to empty out my trashcan, straighten up the room while I was away for dinner and put out my robe/house slippers which I used every night.  There were other extra touches that Brian provided which I truly appreciated and made my stay even more enjoyable.  The Cosmo definitely turned around my opinion of their housekeeping standards and I will return again for a personal stay with my husband for our anniversary month in January - he's looking forward to it as I told him it was the nicest hotel I've stayed in, in Las Vegas!  I also want to say that The Wicket Spoon Buffet was so good I went back for a total of 3 times, twice for dinner and the last morning before I checked out, I went to their breakfast buffet thanks to my youngest son who recommended me to go there.  Well worth it!Thank you Brian and Zahra for giving me the best customer service and experience, making my stay comfortable and pleasurable, taking great care to provide me the 5 Star experience I heard so much about!   See you soon!!!
5	Oh my goodness, what an amazing weekend we had at the Cosmo! The service was excellent, the suite was absolutely beautiful had the best view, and the vibe topped any other hotel/casino in Vegas. The restaurants & bars were great. We especially had a blast at the Chandelier lounge on Saturday night, DJ Sklyer and all of the dancers were so fun and entertaining! Hands down the best casino on the strip. Can't wait to go back!
5	This is my 2nd time here at this hotel. This the best hotel on the Las Vegas strip. Was here last month for a vacation. Received a email for a complementary visit. We ahead and booked a trip and here I am back again.
4	Unfortunately there were Culinary Protesters picketing for rights to have a contract. Go Union. Beautiful Hotel. Good Bloody Mary.
1	Although we love staying here this review is specifically about the rude bitchy bartender at the bar behind the craps tables.  He gets one star for his snotty attitude and condescending treatment of the guests.  Not sure of his name but he is tallish with shaved head. You'll know who I'm talking about when he treats you like he doesn't work for tips.
1	The Cosmopolitan Hotel lies, cheats, and steal. I booked a wrap-around terrace suite at $400 a night and even though I said to the registration clerk, "Am I getting this room?" she lied and said, "Yes." What I got was single king room, but I was charged $400 on my check out invoice. After a half-hour with three people at the checkout desk, the room was reduced to $137, which was probably all the room was worth, but the Cosmopolitan tried to cheat from someone who they thought they could steal from. Beware that you will not get what you booked and beware that you will be overcharged for what you will not get.Of the many hotels my wife and I have stayed in in Las Vegas, the Cosmopolitan is, hands down, the worst hotel anyone could ever choose to stay in. There is no frontage to the hotel. You walk right in from the sidewalk and there is no lobby. People sit in the second floor "lobby" eating pizzas by hand, dripping food all over. The driveway has three lanes, two to enter and one to exit for all cars to valet park, self-park, or drop off someone. This is for a hotel with 2995 rooms; thus, the drive way is a nightmare. Our room had no dresser; clothes had to be placed on a painted plywood shelf in the bathroom. There was no sofa and the furnishings were just plain cheap. I would not touch this hotel with a 50-foot pole. They lie, cheat, and steal.
5	Awesome interior!
5	I'm in love. What's not to like at this hotel?! It's classy, beautiful, clean. The rooms are spectacular. Ours had a balcony, huge bathroom with a tub that looks out the window. I even ordered room service, which I'm not sure I have ever done at another hotel before, just because I didn't mind sitting in my luxurious room. I didn't need to go out for breakfast! The Wicked Spoon Buffet is by far the best buffet around. It's quality not quantity.
5	I had the best 3 days at Cosmo. I am truly sad to leave. The views, the suite, the service and the chandelier bar are amazing. I would highly recommend staying here.
5	Vegas is such a different (and sometimes better) place during the week. While I wouldn't have been willing to shell out the big bucks for a suite here on a summer weekend, I was easily able to get a gorgeous room for under $150 during the week. I got the one bedroom, which includes a pretty spectacular deep soaking tub that overlooks the strip, a large balcony, a cozy sleeping room, a HUGE closet/dressing room area, and a full living room. It was a shame I was there by myself! From the front desk to the room service staff, service was impeccable, and I just loved the fun yet fancy touches in the suite. I'm not much of a gambler so I can't speak to the casino, but my friends and I have checked out Wicked Spoon buffet and were impressed by the spread.  I also adore Secret Pizza and Henry wasn't bad for breakfast. I was less impressed by Holstein's burgers, but one out of four ain't bad! I just love the opulence and over the top decor of the Cosmo, and can't believe how accessible it is price-wise - if only we could just jet off to Vegas and forget our responsibilities any day of the week!
4	Whenever I go to vegas, my go to hotel is cosmopolitan! It's very modern and embellished beautifully. Depending on what season you go, they have entertainment for you (summer: marquee day club... winter: ice skating).For the rooms, request for a fountain view room, you can watch the fountain from your room and it's a spectacular view (even a fake eiffel tower)! I feel like the decor of the room is cheap compared to what the outside is like.Be sure to try the secret pizza spot! The slices are HUGE perfect for midnight munchies.
4	Very nice casino. Pays to keep you playing and the attendants are very courteous. Machines keep you smiling and happy, unlike the Paris or Bally's.
1	If the cosmopolitan has anything going for it its only its aesthetic value. My brother bought me a 2 room suite for my birthday but I was not allowed to check in because they had said we needed authorization for his card to be charged. 5 hours later amd a few attempts to get his card authorized it finally went through. After recieving our room cards we got sent to a suite that was still occupied. Customer service hardly helped other than eventually getting a new room with zero upgrades despite all of the mistakes made. We attempted to check in at 10 am finally got our room at 5. For a 1000 dollars a night you would think customer service would be better. Room was nice but the trouble to get to it was mot worth the hassle
4	I travel to Las Vegas several times per year and find most of the venues either tacky, tired, or trying too hard.  The Cosmopolitan was a breath of fresh air.  Nicely decorated rooms, great gaming space,  fantastic dining options, and a friendly outgoing staff all come together to provide a top notch experience.  If you stay on property, the rooms and suites facing the strip are spacious, stylish, and have fantastic views of the Strip.Good luck.
2	Not worth the money.  Very rude staff who act like you are imposing on them.  Extremely noisy hotel, especially at night.  They have a band playing at the hotel pool until 5:00 AM.  I called and asked if they can turn it down and they offered me "ear plugs."  Food is meh! Hotel stinks of stale cigarettes. Rooms were clean and we only had to stay two nights, thus, two stars.
5	This place is amazing. I spoiled myself by staying here now I'm never gonna wanna stay anywhere else in Vegas. We came to Vegas for a concert at the Cosmo at the boulevard pool. We got a private vip daybed seat. They staff was incredible. Extremely sweet girls, very professional but personable at the same time. As far as our room goes, it was awesome. Really modern, clean, comfortable. The pool area was AMAZING. I just wanna go back right now. I guess if I had one complaint it would be that the lobby is a little chaotic...
5	Surprised the bf at the time for his birthday with a 4 night stay of the Terrace Suite with Fountain Views of the Bellagio. It cost me a fortune but I think that Cosmopolitan really lived up to my expectations. The fountain views were probably the best part of our stay, we could hear the music and the splashing which was somewhat relaxing and a good background soundtrack to our weekend there. As for the interior of the rooms, I think it seemed a bit less than expected with the simple decor and lack of interesting design. To me it just looked like a super nice apartment room. With it's classy, luxurious design of the rest of the hotel, the room just seemed boring with lack of effort, especially considering it was a suite. I guess they wanted there to be a sense of simplicity which did made us feel at home. The japanese style soaking tub was pretty cool, the kitchen area looked brand spankin new, and the bed was also super comfortable. I loved the different pool areas there. The one we went to was the Bamboo Pool which had a very chill vibe. I think that one is known for being a soothing environment to kick back at, and our friends and I definitely enjoyed a relaxing afternoon there. The crowd at Cosmopolitan seems to be on the younger side and its probably because of Marquee's day/night club and the fact that it is one of the newer casinos/hotels.The staff at Cosmopolitan was also very courteous and good to deal with. There were some pretty unfortunate issues that happened on our third night there; however, they were pretty reasonable in regards to handling the situation.In any case, try out a night or two at the Cosmopolitan and I guarantee you'll feel right at home.
5	Cosmo delivered in so many ways. Besides the decor being absolutely spectacular, the service was the best I've experienced in Vegas. Not the 'phony smile because we want a tip' service, but genuinely happy employees that make you feel like the money you spend there is worth it. They have solid rewards program- I think it's 5% of purchases. We got an upgrade and a room with a north view, which means a view of the Bellagio fountain and the mountains. The rooms are contemporary with ultra sleek interior design features. The bathroom is nothing less than perfect- huge jet tub and bench in the rain shower. The beds were comfy but the pillows were too fluffy. That was the only aspect I found to be annoying. Overall, the experience was well above expectations. However, I didn't use the pool. Next time. So when I return to Vegas, I'm heading straight for the Cosmo.
2	I don't get the love for this place... unless you want to be in "IT" meaning trendy.I look for quality and service for the price I pay. Room was a disaster with wet carpet all the way through. We called it in and they said they were SOLD OUT... really? BS!AND why was the carpet wet????? They will send housekeeping to take a look and will give us a room later.... WTF! I thought you said you were sold out. Oh, we will put in dryers to dry it up. UH, I didn't spend 250 a night for dryers in the room for a wet carpet. In the end, they did give us a new room but it was tough to get it. Oh, no spa day pass on Saturdays...  and No, free entrance to Marquee on Sat.Upon checkout, there was a mini bar charge and we called and they took it off. There sensors are really sensitive. We didn't eat anything there.
5	First time at this hotel and my future visits to Las Vegas I will be staying here! Rooms are spacious and super clean. I love that when you enter the hotel from the parking garage you don't have to walk a mile to get to the room. The Bellagio view is completely worth it!! Highly recommended!!!
2	This place is waaaaaaay overrated!  I agree with the person who was talking about the wet carpets!  We got off our elevator and saw disgusting brown wet spots on the carpet WTF?  And it smelled funny!  We got to our room, the woman at the desk really hyped up the room saying oh you're getting one of our most requested rooms that have a beautiful view of the bellagio fountains and the strip.  We open the door to our room and my friend instantly said it smells like a skunk in here!  And I agree it had this faint smell of a skunk or musty smell in the room.  Excited to see the view of the fountains we open the curtains to find a window so dirty on the outside you couldn't see any fountains!  I've NEVER been to a hotel with windows so dirty you cannot even see out of them!Overall the room wasn't that clean for what we were paying.  The lighting sucked.  the bathroom light didn't work, the ceiling light bulbs were going in and out in the main area of the room.  It's kind of a more girly hotel, so to have such poor lighting in the room is very disappointing!Also, when they cleaned our room, they actually took soap and 2 other items they provided the first day off the shelf which I definitely thought was strange, usually they give you more the next day.I'm only giving this place 2 starts because at least the sheets were clean and the casino itself was beautiful with all the chandeliers.  But honestly it only deserves 1.5 stars, you should never have dirty windows or a smelly room.  Won't be staying here again!
1	I posted an earlier review of this hotel/casino and still am very impressed with the physical plant and the great drinks at the chandelier bars. However, this weekend my wife and I were victim to the harsh reality of being at the wrong place on the wrong night...We had spent the evening blowing hundreds on drinks and food in the casino bar and at Marquee nightclub. There were two sheriffs standing guard outside the nightclub, but ironically everyone inside was very nice and it was a great experience. The problem came when (inebriated and tired) we were leaving the casino for the night.Just steps from the valet area near the restrooms, a young man appeared from nowhere and grabbed my wife. She is very pretty, so attention is common but being grabbed while standing next to a 6'2" 250 pound man is not. She reacted as you'd expect, shying away from him and looking at me for help. When I pushed the man off her and said "get your hands off my wife" I was punched in the face and the next thing I knew I was on the floor. Looking up I saw 4-6 men lurching for me against hotel security which, thankfully, were all over these guys and I DO applaud them for that. We quickly walked out the exit and were rapidly followed by two men in suits that encouraged us to leave and not come back inside. I was inclined to go find the two Sheriffs upstairs who are obviously posted there exactly for this reason, but was not allowed back into the casino.  When we got back the Mandalay Bay, I got on the phone with the Cosmo hotel and though apologetic, they did little to follow up. The crew of hoodlums that provided my wife with unwanted touching and me a trip to the shiny floor seconds from leaving were allowed to continue on into the casino and go molest and attack more people. Calling the police was worthless, they literally gave me the impression that I can walk through the Cosmo grabbing women and socking people for fun.  Unless at 4am you want to go file a police report that most likely (considering all the bigger problems the police have in Vegas) would go unnoticed, I feel a need to warn others that this happened and that there were zero repercussions for the incident. Knowing that this whole thing is on Casino cameras and nobody sought to stop the group, grab the police to prevent this happening again, or send a message that you can't get away with behavior like this in the Cosmopolitan is pretty deflating... and to any doubters out there, I'm not leaving anything out. I realize that these guys might have only seen me push this man off my wife in the same way that a surfer realizes he might look like a seal to a shark. We still seek ways to keep aggressive animals away from the general populace... especially when you have them on film, and swimming in your private property.
5	I'm thoroughly impressed with every aspect of our stay in the cosmopolitan.  I'm just going to write my pros and cons and hope I don't miss a thingPros: location, our view of the bellagio fountains and down the strip were amazing. The convenience of being right in the heart of it all is awesome. Posh atmosphere: the beauty of the entire hotel is breathtaking. Everywhere you turn mod elements greet you. The rooms are beautiful and extremely comfortable. Every hotel in Vegas has a smell. If you've been in a casino you know what I mean. As soon as you walk into one it smacks you in the face. (Think coconut infused embalming fluid) thankfully the cosmopolitan has a pleasant fresh smell and isn't like many of the other casinos. Restaurants: from an awesome buffet -"wicked spoon", Mexican/Chinese fusion -"chinapoblano", burgers and shakes- "Holsteins", a secret pizza place on the 3rd floor and many more places I didn't have time to try. Everything was really tasty and very easy to access. Easy maneuvering: unlike other casinos the cosmopolitan is so easy to find your way around. While still large, everything is very straight forward. The valet entrance, the front entrance, the elevators and the shops and walkway bridge. We were so thankful we didn't feel like we were all turned around and lost. This also seems to keep the traffic flowing smoothly keeping the crowds from clogging up pathways. Cons: I don't have any that I can think of. Everything was wonderful.
5	I've stayed here so many times, I've actually lost count. Most of the stays have been comped, too. I appreciate the slot host, although he doesnt seem to like to be bothered all that much. I absolutely love the atmosphere. It's great to go a few times a year and stay there but I'm getting worn out with the crowd. It never changes...its always the good looking people. I've been around them a long time, so I would like to see an old school crowd in there. Not necessarily age wise, but people who arent so shallow and who might be a bit of a throwback. The hotel itself it amazing. I've been in a couple of rooms that had problems here and there and I get it, you have a shit load of rooms and not ever missing blind is reported. All in all, I've had pretty great experiences here and I definintely recommend it. However, I dont recommend kids here, especially on weekend evenings. People are there for Marquee, seeing your kid is kind of a buzzkill for them.
4	Well, this is a nice hotel.  Great location, updated rooms and for the most part clean (hallways and elevator areas, not so much - lots of stained carpet).   The bathrooms are huge, great showers and soaking tubs.  If it wasn't so expensive I would say this is the place to stay if you and your wife are in town (unless you can afford it of course).   For me, I would love to stay here again but probably won't as there are other hotels in the area (probably just as nice) for less money.   I also wouldn't tell you not to stay here either because it is a very nice hotel.
5	It's been two years since we stayed there last time, still love this beautiful, chic and comfy hotel with lots of fun arts! Some dramas this time, but it all turned out to be pleasant and happy endings.We booked Terrace suite for 4 nights, I figured since it was cool, we weren't really gonna sit on terrace much, so no need for wraparound terrace suite. The bathroom photo on the hotel website looked nice too, open tub facing windows. Got up to our suite, it was much smaller than wraparound terrace, still one bedroom with terrace facing Bellagio lake and strip, views were amazing. Hubby got me surprise flowers, they were beautiful, everything was looking good until I went to the bathroom, that was when I freaked out! The bathroom was not facing windows, the tub was not an open tub, it has 3 walls around it! It's claustrophobic! I can't take a bath in there?! After we had our luggages delivered to our suite, we went down to look for someone to deal with this matter.The lobby manager ( I think ) Angelo saw us, greeted us and asked if we needed any help, hubby told him the suite was not what we expected, we wanted to change to another suite. He responded very friendly, and started to look into getting us another suite, but it was a long weekend, all rooms were booked, he told us to look for him the next day, he would happily take care of this matter for us. Ok... I could stay there for one night I guess.... But NO more! Hubby got a phone call in the morning the next day, it was Angelo, he told us he had made arrangement to change our suite to wraparound terrace, we could start to pack, and bell service would come up to pick our luggages to deliver to our new suite! Aww!!!! I was so happy! How efficient of him taking care of our issues, very very professional! We went down to thank him, he was happy that I was finally satisfied with our new suite. It was one of the nicest suites on west side tower, wraparound terrace facing the entire Bellagio, fountains, lake and strip! Beautiful! The open tub was right in the middle of the bathroom, I took a few bubble bath each day! Soooo relaxing. And thanks a million times to Angelo! He remembered to take care of our request, and made sure everything was fine with us, great Job! Another little drama, after we checked out, I left my Criss Angel bunny in our suite, had to run back to get it, a house keeper kept it in her cleaning cart, and gave it back to me, she didn't even want our tips for appreciation, how sweet! All the staffs were very very friendly, service was as good as Mandarin Oriental! Just the hotel is not as over the top luxury as Mandarin, but it's a more affordable luxury hotel for longer days stay. Wraparound Terrace suite cost $550 ish average per night for a long weekend, the same rate as a studio suite at Mandarin Oriental, so it's much better deal to stay at the cosmopolitan for longer days. They have nightly resort fee for $25 per room.  There are some very good restaurants in this hotel, we have tried most of them, except the wicked spoon buffet and that pizza place, seriously where is that pizza place? I never found it?  Comme ca French cuisine is my favorite, Jaleo Spanish tapas, STK steak house, Holsteins for burgers, The Henry opens 24 hours, and 2 Italian restaurants, a Greek cuisine, Chinese and Japanese restaurant, pretty much everything for everybody. Two bar and lounge areas located on west and east side corners, Vesper and the Bond bar, very tasty drinks at reasonable prices, $13-16. Chandelier bar in the middle, Marguee nightclub on second floor, No cover for hotel guests on Thursdays, or before10 on fridays and saturdays. Two bridges to city center, Aria, Planet Hollywood and the strip. Very convenient location, even though we didn't drive, still could walk short distances to lots of places. Most restaurants and shops are on second and third floors. The Cosmopolitan is still one of my favorite hotels in Vegas! Ps. Love their indoor valet, perfect temperatures in winter and summer! Check out the cool statues and arts on third floor convention center area! So beautiful!
5	Great hotel in the middle of the strip just south of Bellagio.  Been here a couple of times and get the terrace one bedroom with the deep Japanese  tub.  These rooms overlook the Bellagio fountain with spectacular view, higher is better and get the west wing of the hotel as the bamboo pool access is your same elevator.  We were on the 59th floor and loved the view.   The bamboo pool is relaxing and don't miss using thepool and relax.On check-in they say you'll get a text message when room is assigned.  I never got the message so don't plan on it and check on room if you don't get message by 4pm.  An issue is room cleaning isn't predictable (when or if) and one day we had to call to have room serviced.  Also, be careful to keep a good record of the minibar as I found you can get charged easily by moving around stuff in the fridge and what you had isn't itemized specifically in the bill.You've got easy access to rest of the strip as there's plenty of food and gambling choices just footsteps away.  We use the RTC (bus) with a stop just outside as it makes it so easy to get to other hotels and sites on the strip.
2	I stayed here instead of the Four Seasons because a friend insisted this was a new Ritz-Carlton property. He was indeed correct, but this hotel should probably just be a J.W. Marriott. Blame it on Vegas (what isn't gross in Vegas?) or blame it on the Ritz for merging with a lame hotel chain like Marriott (who probably determines these things), but the Cosmopolitan is a mediocre, trendy hotel combined a trashy Vegas clientele. The room was dirty (the trash cans contained used q-tips), and the only good thing about the hotel room was the balcony and respective view of the Bellagio fountains. If you want Vegas luxury (an oxymoron I know), you can find a much better place.
5	Super swanky!The crystal bar is really beautiful.The parking garage is fantastic, with green lights above open parking spaces, red light over taken spaces and blue lights to find the handicapped spaces, pretty cool!Sparkle, sparkle every where! Ooohhh Ahhhhh Ooohhhh!You better bring your Black AmEx card, no joke, 2 cocktails and 1 beer $35 smackers!The art o' matic vending machines (old cigarette machines, cool and funky way to re purpose) little pieces of art, love that!Restaurants here are top notch.Shopping, don't get me started.. AMAZING..
3	You would think with such a beautiful atmosphere they would have better customer service. Sat down in a booth to watch an amazing band (which is the ONLY reason they're getting stars) and only received an offer for cocktails once. Mind you, our group is about 40 large and we were completely ignored. I'm not asking to be waited on hand and foot but I would like a drink every once in a while. Went to the bar only to be ignored by the bartender as well. It is a Saturday night and it is busy but to completely ignore a group Of EXCELLENT paying patrons is unacceptable. Our cocktail waitress was rude and snooty. Beautiful atmosphere. Very swank. However, will probably not be returning any time soon.
5	My go to spot in Vegas! Comped rooms and great atmosphere. Marquee night club is right downstairs, as is the casino! Great destination for any event or even a weekend away.. The rooms are clean and spacious and the people are a younger crowd than the other hotels! Def the spot to be. Free entrance to Marquee night club if your staying in the Cosmopolitan..
4	This is one of the newer resorts on the strip. It is clean, is is modern and chic without having that sterile feeling so many new age designs instill. I was impressed with this hotel and how inviting it felt, even though it is still a swanky hotel, more for party's and clubbing than a quite retreat. The atmosphere is nice, it is bustling, but never makes you feel rushed or uncomfortable. I signed up for their rewards program and got $25 free to play on the slots, so naturally I played video poker and won $14 from nothing, a good day indeed. Overall, this would be a place to consider the next time I am in Vegas.
5	Went for a girls weekend two years ago. We stayed at the Bellagio but had dinner here and then went to the Marquee. It was a wonderful time. There were mermaids at the Marquee which was incredible and made me want to change my career path. All of the women I was with were happy and would come back!
5	By far the best hotel casino in Vegas. We had a blast there. Fun crowd, good looking people, great bars and restaurant and awesome club!The room were really nice and the staff was always very polite and helpful. I will definitely stay at the Cosmo again!
5	Lets start of to say this is the best casino in vegas period.I visit every few months, i get really amazing deals at this casino hands down, I got a 600$ free play 200$ dining credit and 4 nights complimentery plus two free bruno mars tickets at the chelsea grand opening for new years eve partyyyyttNow as far as the casino amazing wrap around suites, terrace suite is also well designed with asian tubs romantic balcony with the best view of the strip looking at the bellagio fountain show. Michelle Paladino is the best Vip casino host i ever had, she is always super coo and knows how to treat her guests. Lastly, this casino always just makes me feel at home with their hi end designs and amazing customers service not to menthion how fun the roulette tables are.Thanks lots see you at new Yeara eve
5	If money is no object, then I HIGHLY suggest you  give Daniel a try at the Chandelier Bar.  I mean, don't you HAVE to have a cosmo in the Cosmo?  It was TOTALLY different but the same...then on a whim he whipped me up a martini that encompassed lemon/egg white and rosemary.  Yipes!  What a magician.  It was like having a drink made by the Martha Stewart's of bartenders.  Brava!
5	This place rocks! Went here for my brothers bachelor party.. and it was amazing.. Our hotel room friday night was late being prepared (like really late, like 6 hours) and Angelo the manager  hooked us up something fierce.. gave us free drinks at the bar for all my friends until we couldnt drink anymore and then comp'd us $300 for any restaurant we wanted to eat at. Could not have asked for anymore... Cosmo and team.. keep us the good work.. We got a wrap around suite with the best view I have ever seen in vegas.. overlooking the marque.. which we partied at later.. I promise I will go there again every time I go to vegas.
5	This place is the business.   I spent the weekend here and enjoyed every part of it.   This has to be the nicest place to stay in Vegas.    Its awesome.
1	It pains me to write such a bad review, because I had very high hopes for this hotel. I was in Vegas with a group of friends celebrating a promotion. We thought The Cosmopolitan would be a fun place to stay, given the word of mouth we heard before coming. Unfortunately we had a terrible experience and I strongly suggest that you and your group does not make the same mistake we did. I'll start with the biggest problem... safety. We spent the day at the pool, and on the way back up to the hotel, the elevator broke. We were trapped for 2 hours. With 20 people. Including a pregnant woman. It was a miserable experience to say the least. To make it worse, the hotel did absolutely nothing to try to make the experience better. Not even an apology or complimentary meal. The whole situation was handled poorly, and it left a bad taste in all of our mouths. There were lots of other little things that we did not like, for the price we paid. General clenliness... unfriendly staff... tacky decor. Add it all up, and I would never refer a friend or colleague to this hotel.I strongly recommend you stay away and book at a hotel that has its act together.
4	Nice, Trendy. Overall great place, I'm a fan. Lot's to see. Drinks are deadly good here.
5	This hotel was beyond spacious for my boyfriend and I. You'll definitely get your moneys worth here. It's beautiful with everything you need right in the room and hotel. The casino was nice, club is extremely fun and restaurants were delicious. Highly recommend you experience staying in this hotel if you ever travel to Las Vegas!
4	Really nice hotel with great amenities .... lucked out and stayed in a nice suite overlooking the Bellagio water fountain.  Walls are well insulated so not noisy at all.  Has one of the best buffets (Wicked Spoon) and some great restaurants and bars (Chandelier).  Has the very convenient sky walk way so you can cross the street and get to Walgreens :)  Valet service was always very quick and easy.My only knock would be the lack of a good sports book.
5	I've stayed at this place quite a few times and have yet to find anything wrong with this beautifully crafted hotel. I honestly couldn't be paid to stay anywhere else.  If you're looking for a VIP kind of weekend, this is the place to stay, hands down. The amenities are to die for, the service is first rate, and the rooms are super luxurious and swanky. I ended up staying here for EDC 2013 weekend and stayed in on of the wrap around terraces. Hands down the nicest hotel room I've ever stayed in in my entire life. The Cosmo only has a handful of these rooms and trust me, they are worth every penny. I can't wait till the hot weather returns to Vegas so I can head back to this glorious establishment.
5	I found a new home in Vegas and it's the Cosmo hotel. I will never stay anywhere else (unless I get a room comped of course!) when I come to Sin City. I've  been to the nightclub Marquee twice before and tried Wicked Spoon but never have stayed at the hotel. Luckily for me, I got a really good deal and stayed here over my bday weekend. I would have to say that this hotel hands down was the highlight of my weekend.Being that the Cosmo hotel is catered toward women with it's sexy deep red colors, pristine (non-smoky smelling) hotel lobby and casino, it was already a win for me. However, what put it over the top was the phenomenal customer service from the check in process to room service. I definitely felt like the staff went above and beyond with their friendly attitudes and positive vibes. The room itself was outstanding - a class above the Encore & Wynne.My room overlooked the Bellagio fountain and I had a perfect view of the strip. At night, it was breathtaking to see the city with all the lights and colors. The room itself was very spacious and the L shaped couch was almost as comfy as the one at home (which is saying a LOT!) I loved how there were 2 TVs in the suite (one facing the bed and one in in the "living room." The bed was insanely comfortable and the pillows felt like clouds. I haven't slept in a hotel bed this comfy since my stay at the Maui Ritz Carlton. The bathroom was gigantic with a jacuzzi tub, shower with a bench and dual sinks. I really liked how the toilet was lower to the ground (I have shorter legs, yo!). I never heard one peep from my neighbors to the side or above me which means that the rooms are very well insulated.In a nutshell, I love this hotel and will stay here from now on. I had nothing but a perfect experience here and don't want to stay anywhere else!Cosmo, you have fully won my heart!
3	We stayed here for four nights, would not give a AAA five star rating. The room was nice, but like mentioned before, linens had holes, bed not the most comfortable and towels scratchy. High tech room controls lacking, control for curtains  did not work properly. Bar drinks grossly over priced, we only used the breakfast buffet, good but lacking in service.  Valet parking is a joke.  I thought the whole purpose of valet was to have your car delivered to the front door, not to have to walk to the end of the building. Poor air circulation in the casino, smoke seemed to linger. The maids were the only people who seemed to care enough about the guest to say " good morning". To get to the guest rooms, all you had to do was wave your hand, security didn't ask to see your room card. View from the room was boring, rooms on the front of the building might be a better choice.
1	This hotel used to be my number one choice every time when I went to Vegas and I have stayed there more than 4 times including my wedding day, BUT I dont think I will choose it anymore!!!!!!Few month ago I hold my wedding in Vegas and choose to stayed in a suite of Cosmopolitan with my family members. Before we check out, I gave a "red envelope" to my little brother with $200 cash inside. I think every asian can understand what a "red envelope" mean. It means luck and happy and we give it out in big days!! My brother put the envelope on the bed and forgot to take it with him when we check out. Around 2 hours after we check out, my brother notice this and ask me to call back to hotel. I called back immediately to both the hot line and hotel security and they said they will try to look for it. But I never get this "red envelope"back to me.The most angry part of this experience is I WROTE DOWN"MY LITTLE BROTHER, THANKS FOR COMING TO OUR WEDDING" ON THE ENVELOPE BUT THE PERSON WHO CLEAN THIS ROOM STILL  TOOK IT AWAY!!!!! Obviously the person who saw this envelope would know this is a gift money of a big day to a specific person and not a tips(cuz there is my brother's name on it)!!!!!But he/she still took it!!!!!During the following days, I called again to complain about this. One of the guy in security department said they will do investigation and give me a call back. AND AFTER THAT I NEVER GET ANY CALL FROM THEM!!!!!!!!!$200 is not a lot of money and I care more about the lucky meaning of "red envelope" than getting the money back. Can't be more disappointment about the person who took the money and the person who never call me back to solve the problem.BE CAREFUL OF YOUR MONEY WHEN YOU CHOOSE TO STAY IN COSMOPOLITAN!!!!!
1	This review is for the casino area only.There were only two pai gow poker tables in the whole casino, my favorite game of all time. In order to leave a table for a single VIP that was MIA, they raised limit to $1000, while the $25 table was stuff to capacity and there was a line to get a seat at the $25 table. The VIP never showed up, at least while I was there...but it was just plain disrespect how they treat the regular folks that game there.  Really...u couldn't have opened a table for him/her at the high roller lounge.  U know ur not the only casino on the strip right? F*ck you! For making me feel like a second class citizen, I'm never gonna gamble at ur casino again shithead manager! But if u had to play at this casino, six deck blackjack is the way to go, they cut only one deck in the back is the odds are with the players.
4	Love the hotel but the slots are horrible. Great food best anywhere but I don't come to Las Vegas to eat but to gamble. I don't care much about tables but slots. Wheel of fortune machines don't pay out. I went to Planet Hollywood and played. Machines were much better.
4	Super nice..."party" hotel.. Smells nice.. Clean..and Lisa at the Identity membership was super friendly and knowledgable about the hotel and what it has to offer... Whenever I come to Vegas.. I always stay here
5	We stayed here this weekend. Our room was amazing and overlooked the Ballagio fountains. Guest services, the doormen and housekeeping were incredible. We really enjoyed ourselves. The only downside was that the bartender at the sports bar on level one made our Bloody Mary's pretty weak, when you are paying $16 for a drink it should be a drink to remember. Otherwise - best trip ever!
4	Ultra hip and contemporary casino hotel...one of the best stays in our travels.  Love the cool visuals throughout the hotel.  Fish swim with you on your elevator ride.  We arrived late, and were upgraded to a suite overlooking the strip and the Belligio fountains.  The suite was ultra modern, featured 2 flat screen tv's, full bath and a work/study area.  It was as large as our first home!     Four stars only because the room staff forgot to give us towels or face cloths both days!  A great stay nevertheless.
1	DO NOT USE THIS HOTEL IF YOU PLAN TO BOOK WITH A LARGE GROUP OF PEOPLE.  THEY ARE COMPLETELY INFLEXIBLE!.  USE OTHER HOTELS IN LV.So planned to stay at this hotel with a large group using a promo code.  I planned to stay one night and called to book about 2 weeks before the stay.  They informed me, I was 2 days late and my promo-code had expired.  My room was supposed to cost $160 for the night.  The receptionist said sorry, the room will now be $350.  I called our "party manager Carrie Gonlag" who was the hotel employee in charge of booking groups.  She was completely inflexible and also offered me nothing.  I then spoke with a "resort  manager" who said she couldn't do anything, but with her "special deals" she could offer me a room for $400.  Somehow even with her "special deals" the price went up in the 2 hour window? I then checked online and a room appeared for $325.  So moral of my review.  1) Don't stay at Cosmopolitan with a large group.  As most people know, anything with a large group requires flexibility and this hotel certainly does not offer that.  Stay anywhere else, but not here.  And if you speak with Carrie Gonlag, just hang up the phone.  You will not be helped in anyway.  I plan to leave this review on a few more travel websites as well as I feel very strongly about this.  Customer service is what drives business especially in the competitive Las Vegas market.  Would helping one person who got caught up in the holidays spending time with family and missed a reservation date really have hurt Hotel Cosmopolitan?  Probably not.  But they don't seem to care.
4	Beautiful hotel, extremely friendly dealers & other staff.  Had the corner suite without the upgraded view which gave only a mediocre view off the balcony.  The room was very clean & the bed was super comfortable.  Great location across from the Miracle Mile shops.
5	The Cosmo is one of our new favorite Casinos to stay at while visiting sin city!  They are really confidently located in the center of the strip, so they are close to everything!  They have decent gaming areas and very friendly dealers.  Their rooms are sublime, very cozy and comfy.  They are very spacious with great views.   They have an excellent spa, so my bride tells me :-) They also have loads of super duper places to eat/drink!   Some of our very favorite restaurants in Vegas are in the Cosmo!   Just yelp places to eat on the strip and you'll find most of the restaurants in the Cosmo with high Yelper ratings.  Kid friendly, nope but that's what a sitter/nanny is for!  This is a perfect place for a couple to indulge themselves in some fun and frolic!   I'm looking forward to my next trip to the Cosmopolitan!  I hope to see you at the tables!
1	Of all the hotels in Vegas this one smelled worse than any of the other ones I have been in. The lobby was disgusting, the air just reeked.Stay elsewhere...
5	Outstanding, our stay at this luxury hotel  was exceptional.  Check in was quick and easy, front desk personal were friendly.  We were invited guests for 2 nights.  I had always wanted to stay at the Cosmopolitan but the rates were a bit out of my budget.  Checking the price of our room at the website, if we had to pay, was $450 nightly.  Stayed 2 nights on the 36th floor.  The room was beautiful complete with balcony overlooking the Bellagio fountians.
5	My favorite Las Vegas Hotel. I've stayed pretty much everywhere and this is my favorite. (MGM, Mandalay, Wynn, Venitian, Palazzo, Bellagio, Encore...) THis is just a little bit more modern and the lines here aren't crazy. Every room is a sweet with some sort of living room and the bathrooms are all large. I believe this was orginally supposed to be condos so the rooms are bigger than most. Can't go wrong staying here!
2	We actually got a call from the resort manager Bryan Askins who was very disappointed with what we had experienced . He promised to wow us next time we visit. We'll see what happens. Lady's and Gentlemen stay toon. I will update.    This is the first time we are staying at Cosmo, reason one of our friends recommended. Now we booked it through Southwest Airlines and the minute we arrived the whole thing turned completely around. Cosmo rep is saying we have to take a room that has 2 beds but hey we are here with our spouses so I don't think that kind of makes since. I called the manager Gavin the ignorant person he was ( I don't know who appointed this guy a manager ) he could not do anything for us. Anyway people be careful when you book a room make sure you get them to send you your confirmation of what you have reserved actually. I always stayed at Wynn and never ever had an issue. I guess the class of the Casino says a lot. Shame on the management shame.
1	Pros- good view.  Big room.  Fun restaurants.Cons- terrible service, lack of communication between departments and even within individual departments.  The room was dirty!  Gum mashed into the carpet, sticky items on the desk.  When checking in we spent forever getting our reservations sorted then when we got new keys it was like everything we did during check in didn't happen.  My friend left her key in the room and the front desk manager kept on contradicting himself saying that her husband could call to add her name then said he couldn't because they can't verify anything.  The manager was rude and condescending, he apologized but it was an empty apology because you could tell he was just saying it and didn't mean it.  We asked for housekeeping to come when we worked out and they didn't, then when we called to request it again they tried to blame us saying we had a DND on the door which we didn't.  Of all the possibilities out here for hotels you would think they would try to retain guests for future stays but I guess not.  I felt like just a number even though we brought 10+ rooms here and spent 7k at the club on property plus rooms revenue and food revenue.  Bad service, me and all my friends will never return here when we can go right next door to the aria or mandarin and actually be treated as a valued guest!!
4	I spent two nights at the Cosmo and my experience has been positive.  The suite we had was simply amazing.  The room was spacious and the balcony in our suite was a bonus.  Navigating around Cosmo may be a little difficult especially when you are inebriated.  However, the casino is on par with the other popular hotels in the strip.  Marquee nightclub was a little disappointing and the layout is also unique, so you may not see your friends for the rest of the night.  Despite that, I love Cosmo.  It is in the middle of the strip.  The rooms are extraordinary.  One small thing... there are three windows that look into the shower/bath.  No problem, if you're a couple.  Make sure the blinds are closed, if you are going with your friends though. I also had time to check out the fitness center in the West Wing.  Definitely the nicest hotel gym I've seen.  The equipment is new and clean.  They even had a boxing ring in one of the rooms.
4	This is a really cute hotel. Its really hip. I walked into the room and OMG. I had to take a picture. The room also had a see through shower. LAAAVVVV IT! there is a shade though for privacy. I'm gonna need to come back and do some sexy time if you know what i mean ;)This is a great room for girls. There are mirrors every where. I would hate when I would go to a hotel with my girls and we'd fight for a mirror to get ready. I wish the lighting was better though.
5	Heaven is close in a place like this.The paradise, the heaven: the best hotel in Las Vegas without any doubt.Thanks to a really kind bellman I had the opportunity during my last trip to have a little tour of the pool and to take a lot of photos of the wonderfull skyline of Vegas.Inside the Cosmopolitan there are a lot of gigs of super cool bands like The Killers or Brandon Flowers and I even won 36 dollars @ the slot machines (with 1 dollar!).I really love that place and I will surely stay there in my next trip to Vegas!
5	Nice looking condo turned hotel, indeed. When you're walking inside from the strip, it just screams money with young professionals wearing hip and trendy clothing.One thing I like about this condo designed hotel are the rooms that have terraces and not every hotel has them except for MGM Signature and the suite in the Riviera. After signing up for their Identity Player's card and doing some rounds with the slots, a few months later, I received a 2 night comp for a, "Terrace Studio." I couldn't let this offer fly by so I booked it as soon as possible. The reservation agent was very friendly and use to actually live in my hometown (Rancho Cucamonga). So that was surprising and we talked about what the Cosmopolitan had to offer and the Marquee nightclub. Once I arrived at the Cosmopolitan, I usually self park my car and was able to find parking close to the elevator. What pissed me off, was walking from the Eastside of the Cosmopolitan to the lobby (Westside), and was a bit of a walk through the casino to the eye pleasing lobby. My front desk agent was very friendly and I asked him for a good view if the strip, but that was considered a $30+ upgrade. So he searched all over and found me a room on the 39th floor in the Eastside Tower, facing Planet Hollywood! The view was incomparable, out of all the room views I had in Vegas (Bellagio, Mirage, Wynn), I never wanted to leave! My 620 sq ft Studio Terrace room was very clean, fully stocked, and didn't find any surprises around the room or furniture. My King Bed was soft as a cloud, living room was very trendy and artsy, bathroom was oddly designed and was about the same size as the bedroom. The shower was huge, big enough to fit 3 people and they only offered Bigelow toiletries for men, non for women.  The casino and bars was full of young professionals, model looking clientele that look like they just left a photo shoot! Other then the clientele, my eyes were attracted to the aesthetic beauty of the Cosmopolitan with Ohh's and Ahh's. I just wished they sold condos here like they do at the Vdara. I'd definitely come back if I receive a deep discounted or comp offer. Whenever I'm in Vegas, the Cosmopolitan will always be on list to relax for a drink or people watch. Viva Cosmopolitan!
4	The Cosmo is THE place to stay in Vegas! I barely even left during my most recent trip because the restaurants are all amazing and the atmosphere can't be beat. I like that they provide high-end products for hotel guests (CO Bigelow) and the robe in the room was so comfortable. My only complaint the used condom wrapper I found on the floor next to the bed from a former guest.
5	This casino hotel has the best parking structure in all of Vegas! There's lights that will direct you to open stalls! I have yet to stay here, but so far it is my favorite casino to visit on the Strip. Everything is so cool here and they have one of the best buffet here in Vegas, The Wicked Spoon. The also have a restaurant with some of the best burgers, Holstein's.
4	Nice place with amazing views. Too much partying in the hallways.
4	Stayed in an attaching suite for a friends b day.  Full living room and huge closet! Valet service was very fast and on point every time. Wicked spoon buffet is definitely worthy of a try. This place is quality & I will be back!
2	Stayed last weekend and did not enjoy. I am a Marriott Rewards member and have to say that I got better service staying at a Fairfield.  Room was not cleaned despite calling room service twice. Light switches in room did not work. Either all lights on or off. Elevator access with room key was a joke because it often did not work right. Never received bill portfolio thru email despite multiple calls. System not working and transferred to another number to leave a message. Would recommend not staying here.
5	Staid in very nice one bedroom on 56th floor . The views are incredible, service second to none . Will come back again
5	stayed from friday to sunday..had the wraparound terrace suite on the 23rd floor and it was the best room ive had in vegas.  Ive stayed at other suite.. luxor, mgm and this definitely topped them all..free valet service as well..
4	Nice spacious rooms. First time we stayed here we where at the West side .A room over looking the pool . King size bed,  It had a receiving area and kitchenette,  my favorite was the Japanese square tub, it was set up in such a way you had views of the City.  This time we are on the East side , 24th floor, over looking Bellagio fountain and the replica of the Eiffle tower.  This room is so much bigger, it has a guest shower/ toilet and a master bathroom.  It also has the kitchenette,full size refrigerator,   receiving room and little dining area.  Huge balcony. Both rooms where very clean. I like their toiletries,  it's C.O. Bigelow.  Co-stars (what they call their staff) are very nice and efficient.  you call for house keeping and they're immediately at your door with whatever you requested. Beds are nice and comfy.
4	Very nice hotel. Didn't have a lot of time to really enjoy the amenities, but the room was excellent, clean, comfortable. I would definitely stay there again and hopefully have more time to explore a little more.
4	One image comes to mind when I think about this hotel: Miley Cyrus 2013 VMA Performance!This place is a comical, crazy fun, madhouse! So much to see and do and hear. It's a sure win for sensory overload! Definitely not for the demour or siddity types, or those coming to Vegas for peace and quiet.
3	Being one of the newer casinos, it is exciting to walk into this one.  It looks really nice.  Elegant with a good atmosphere.  The pool is wonderful and faces the strip, great views too.  But the casino, as nice as it is, is small.  Considering it is sandwiched between two high end casinos, the Bellagio and Aria, you would think it would lure other gamblers but having cheaper tables or looser slots.  Nope.  If I have to pay the price of a high end casino, I would rather go to the casinos on each side of it or even Planet Hollywood, which is clearly larger.
4	I've been DREAMING of staying at the Cosmopolitan since it opened.  It's a beautiful property that I find so opulent that it kind of makes me feel like I'm playing dress up at a grown up party, but I love it.  And then the miraculous happened, Cosmo sent me an offer for two free nights?  Shut the Front Door!  I immediately booked it.I knew that I might be setting myself up for disappointment with my high expectations, but I couldn't help it, I was super excited.  Check in was a breeze.  There was no line and we were able to check in earlier than the 3pm check in because they had rooms available.  We unloaded our luggage at the valet area with the assistance of a bell person.  What was a huge disappointment was that the Cosmopolitan apparently has a rule that you cannot bring your own alcohol or coolers into your room.... what?   That was a new one on me.  We ALWAYS bring a cooler so we can have cold drinks in our room and we always bring some beers with us.  Doesn't everyone?  So, luckily, the bell person was helpful after explaining that rule and we did end up bringing our cooler with us and some drinks.  What was weird is that in the room there is a small kitchenette, including a refrigerator, but of course, it's stocked with items for purchase.  HATE THAT.  Also, there was a dishwasher in the kitchenette, but nothing to wash in it except a couple of glasses with the bar set and there was a sink, but no towels or bar cloths.  Really strange.The Parking Garage is COOL.  ON each floor you can easily see where vacant parking spots are based on what color the light over the parking spot is.  LOVED IT.  Just be sure you know which tower you're staying in (East or West) so you can park on the right side of the garage!That said, the room was very nice.  The bathroom was gorgeous and huge and the room had a living room with work area (and the aforementioned kitchenette) and then a bedroom area and they were separated by a low wall.  Of course there was a small balcony, about 10x4.  It was a comfortable room and included robes and slippers - love that.  But, while it was a really nice room and very modern and "hip", it really wasn't any more fancy or special than rooms I've stayed in at the Palazzo or the M.  Unfortunately, I ended up being sick for my trip so I was very happy to have a comfy bed and pillows and TWO tvs, one in the living area and one in the bedroom area.I reallllly loved the bathroom amenities; they provide C.O. Bigelow products in the lavender peppermint scent and I liked all of them!  There is both a HUGE shower that was WONDERFUL and a bathtub with air jets to give you a Jacuzzi type experience.  I used it all!  I loved the bathtub and it was the perfect size and shape for me, but I don't know if it would be as wonderful for a taller person.  For me, HEAVEN!  I wanted to pick up that bathroom and plop it down in my own house!They have the lighting buttons that allow you to turn everything on or off with one touch, which can be handy and we discovered USB chargers on the television with only regular plugs on the desk. and extra plugs next to each side of the bed, which is appreciated.  With your $25/night resort fee, you get WiFi in your roomWe only dined in one restaurant, The Holstein Burger place, during our visit due to just being busy with other plans and we visited the Vesper Bar, which I really loved.  I was excited to find that due to the ice skating at the Boulevard Pool, they actually had the Hot Tub open up there, so we took advantage of that.  We had been told it would be closed, so that was cool.  It was COLD outside, but still wonderful in the hot water!  That was pretty much the extent of the amenities that we took advantage of during out stay.Overall, I thought it was a really nice room and I enjoyed my stay there.  I'd love to stay there again, but oops... I didn't get a chance to do any gambling there on this trip, so unlikely I'll get another offer and I'm too cheap to pay the prices for these rooms when I can stay at my timeshare across the street!
3	Overall not so good. Awesome room. Great view (balcony view was spectacular). We could see Bellagio's water show. Service was not so good, valet parking took 15min to take our keys ( low on staff) when leaving valet parking was fast. Inside cabinet were dirty. Hot tub was dirty. Will consider staying again for a second review. We stayed on 59th floor.
4	Best place I have stayed in Vegas thus far. Beautiful, spacious, elegant, and sexy. Exceptional customer service.Pros- one bedroom suite upgrade for my birthday was very very nice- GORGEOUS views of the Blvd. Robes and slippers, delicious food and room service, beautiful room and hotel. Burger place on the 2nd floor was yummy. Spa tub in room was so so lovely.Cons- minor issue was that check in process Saturday afternoon (busy day) and getting our car from valet on Sunday was a long wait. But the room and hospitality made up for it! I would love to see an easier speaker set up for iphones/ipods. Lighting in room was a little confusing but otherwise nice. TV console area didn't work, so that was a bummer.Overall incredible time at the Cosmopolitan and would love to return/recommend to all. Wish they had more deals so I could stay again for less money- this was for my 30th birthday so went a little wild.
4	This is a very modern and hip hotel/casino/entertainment venue.  We did not stay here, but loved the atmosphere of the casino/entertainment areas. The open atrium features Chandelier, a place known for its cocktails and the super sparkly crystal "walls"--I could have been happy just drinking cocktails and watching the crowd all night.Another neat feature, due to visiting in December,  was the roof-top pool overlooking the strip was converted into an ice skating rink.  The entire area was a winter wonderland, with the bar serving up warming beverages, and heaters to make sitting around the conversation areas, and picnic tables, comfortable.  I did not partake in the skating (booze and balancing on blades does not work for me), but many people were enjoying it.  Also very great place to watch others--especially those who are lining up for Marquee.The Liberace display is really neat as well.  Check this place out, if only to see the amazing interior and the crowds of people.
5	Who doesn't love a sleek clean casino? This casino is obviously targeting the rich 20/30 something crowd. It's not very family friendly and it seems like the clientele are sometimes a little superficial (is that the latest Prada bag?), but I love the inside which is full of light and color. I just wish the visitors weren't so pretentious. Oh and they have retro cigarette type vending machines full of small time artists. I love supporting the arts and many of the artists are local :)
4	So I was back again to the Cosmopolitan because honestly...I'm a fan. Everything was wonderful...the room was nice and spacious, the customer service was great. ALL EXCEPT ONE INCIDENT.I had just came back to the hotel with my girlfriends when this wannabe-cop-security guy demanded we show him I.D. Ok...I asked for him to show some identification...it's Vegas any guy can be walking around a hotel asking to see some I.D. He said he was security for the hotel. Ok we all gave him our I.D. He asked why were were at the hotel. EXCUSE ME!? I told him we were guest at the hotel and I demanded why we were being asked for identification. He refused to talk to us as he was on the radio with some other incompetent security man I assume. After finally clarifying we were on the radio he let us know that there had been an incident involving two black females, One with a black skirt and one with black leggings. Two things here..I was wearing a black dress that reached my shins....black skirt? Hmm what school did you go to? Two my friend was wearing grey leggings...ah yes I can see you may have been colorblind dear incompetent security man. Two the way he went about demanding to see identification I felt that he was targeting us as if we were criminals. I let him know that his mannerisms and his tone of voice was not acceptable considering we were paying guests of the hotel. His response was "If you feel offended because I asked to see identification something must be wrong with you." Are you serious right now? As an African-American woman in a high-end hotel if someone just comes up to you and demand you show identification without being told why prior would you not feel like you were being targeted? I actually in my anger smiled a little because my friend was just standing there shaking her head at him saying, "You are going to wish you never said that my friend." Yeah I've gotten a couple people fired from their jobs for things they've said to me. Do I feel bad? NOPE!The head of security was very calm with me after I spoke very passionately (yelling at the top of my lungs) about this security guy who would do better handing out flyers to tourists on the strip. I filed a formal complaint and will definitely follow-up about what will be done. I certainly will make sure that this type of incompetence is never experienced myself at the Cosmo again...especially from SECURITY.  Ugh...Cosmopolitan in the day of the over-saturated job market I'm absolutely positive that you could find another security guard who doesn't think he's working for the Vice/Drug sector of the Vegas PD. Other than that night it was a good trip and after this whole thing gets straightened out I will definitely be back again!
5	When it comes to hotels on the strip, I think we can all agree that Cosmo is definitely one of the best ones to stay in.I luckily got to stay here twice on two different occasions and both times were the BEST! Depending on what time and day you're checking in, you can snag yourself a room with the best view you can have staying on the Vegas strip.Not only is Cosmo visually appealing on the outside, but inside is a whole another story. From the Chandelier bar to Marquee, you can totally tell that Cosmo definitely has some of the best decor. I always have a great time whenever I'm at Cosmo. They have great restaurants from burgers from Holsteins to steak from STK, or even dim sum from China Poblano or even pizza from Secret Pizza! They have a wide variety of eateries to choose from. If you can't decide on what to eat, just go to Wicked Spoon buffet and you can have a little bit of everything! The casino is not as big as others I've seen on the strip but is a decent size to play in. It's always packed with people and fun to play in.The best thing about Cosmo is definitely the ROOMS! Each room has a balcony and every view is a good view. You can either have the strip view, Aria view, Vdara view, or the best Bellagio (fountains) view. Luckily, I've been situated with fountain viewsand strip views! Overall, Cosmo has been my absolute favorite hotel to stay at out of all the hotels on the Vegas strip. I can't wait to come back!
5	I really loved staying here. My friends got a suite and invited a bunch of us out. It's so modern and chic. I loved that the main demographic of the place were young adults and not a bunch of little kids running around. The location is perfect, since it's right in the middle of the strip and walking distance to pretty much everything. I love the chandelier bar in the middle of the hotel... really ads a nice ambiance to the space. Can't wait to come back here.
2	A disappointing stay at the Cosmo!  We booked a two bedroom city view suite for our trip to Vegas, and were sorely disappointed by the service and cleanliness of the hotel.We arrived at 1:30pm, hoping to check-in early (check-in is at 3pm) but our room wasn't ready which wasn't a big deal, as we expected as much.  They gave us our keycards and told us that we will receive a text message when the room becomes available and that it should be ready by 3pm.  We dropped off our bags at the bell desk and walked around... 3pm passes and no text, so we stop by the front desk to check up on it and they tell us that the room hasn't been cleaned yet, and that it takes about an hour to clean.  So we wait... 4pm passes and still no text.  By 4:45pm we head over to the front desk again to check up on our room, which still wasn't ready and they couldn't get an ETA on when the room would be clean.  The front desk personnel that we spoke with, Carl, was nice enough to offer us a $100 food & beverage credit as well as a line pass for our party to the Wicked Spoon buffet.  Finally, at 5pm, we receive a text and head up to the room.We get up to this gorgeous room to find that it had only been partially cleaned!  It appeared that the towels and bed linens had been changed, but we found gum on the wall right next to the bed!!  In addition, there was garbage laying all around the room, e.g., a half empty water bottle, a cigarette butt, a burger wrapper, a half empty toothpaste tube, and other areas that were dirty.  We called down to housekeeping and they sent someone up within the hour to take care of the garbage.I know the holidays are a very busy time in Vegas, but they should be able to anticipate the rush!  I wouldn't stay at the Cosmo again - although the hotel was beautiful, the experience didn't live up to the hype.  The dirty room was a huge disappointment and inexcusable.
4	WOW!  If you are a young professional who makes money and has class but still wants to have fun, this is your place.  This is where you stay when you leave your twenties and finish staying at the Hard Rock or Planet Hollywood.  Very swank inside with great architecture.  Marquee night club is super hot.  I didnt stay here but I am going to know that I know its here.  I have stayed at the Wynn and its just too stuffy and elitist where the Cosmo is sleek and sexy and you can have fun.
5	I really do like this hotel. We stayed in the city room (cheapest), but it was still a very nice room, very modern.Their amenities in the room were uptodate and very fashionable. One side of their shower is actually glass, kinky almost. But who knows, maybe some people like to watch the tv while showering or look out into the strip?We stayed for 3 nights and the beds were just so comfortable, made me never want to get up. HAhaWe also ordered room service one night for their skirt steak quesadilla and crab, spinach, artichoke dip. Both were delicious!! I was surprised at how tasty the dishes were. Cosmo also has a player's club called "identity". You can collect points everywhere you spend at the cosmo, and you can redeem points for food or your next stay. We ended up saving almost $10 at the buffet because of spendings and gambling. Instant savings for our trip, not bad at all.Overall, I think it's a great hotel. We may want to try out other hotels on the strip on our next vegas trip, but this one will definitely be on rotation.
5	One of the best Hotels in Vegas w/many conveniences.
4	Stayed 2 nights in December 2013. Room, East tower, 65th floor overlooking the Strip. Great.!!!!! Room was well set up and appointed. Balcony was a nice touch.Would definetly stay again. Tried different resteraunts, all good.
4	This is probably the nicest hotel I've ever stayed at in Vegas! We came in a group, so they offered each room a $50 dollar credit to spend anywhere in the hotel!Pros: Their bed is so, so comfortable as they use down. One thing to note is that that they use the glass shower as a wall. The glass is slightly tinted, but the blinds are located on the outside. It was an interesting touch tho haha. They have decent security as you need a key card to get anywhere in the hotel.Cons: The only thing I was disappointed in was that the outlets were kind of janky. For such a pricey room you should really fix that.
5	"Oooohhh those legs are sooo prettayyyy" Yeah, that was me watching the kaleidoscopic video of legs that the hotel keeps playing on the pillars in the lobby. Cosmopolitan is quite elegant - lots of chandeliers and sparkly things. We had a bit of a problem trying to check in. The first lady helping us wasn't the nicest, but I guess that's alright because it was December 28 and a gazillion people were checking in to stay at Vegas. MehThe third lady helping us was super nice - explained everything and made the process super easy and quick. I like how they have security making sure that you are a hotel guest before walking into the elevators. I love how Wicked Spoon and Marquee are in the Cosmopolitan!! Yeay! Those 2 things make this hotel The Place to be in. Imagine this. After a night of partying at Marquee, all you need to do is walk towards the elevator in your stupidly painful high heels, go to bed and wake up at 1pm the next day to go for brunch at Wicked Spoon. All in the hotel! Winning!
5	Loved the wrap around suite! We had a few friends up for a birthday party and it was perfect. The view was awesome. Cosmopolitan is one of my top 5 favorites now.
2	I am at the Cosmo right now. 12/29/2013. I've stayed here several times before and although this hotel is stylish and cool as can be, the service is GOD Awful! I'm sitting at my desk in my 2 bedroom suite that cost me $1000 per night and I've been on hold for 15+ minutes to talk to the concierge. Today after house keeping cleaned my room they left a note on my desk to call if I wanted hand towels. I called for a crib and they told me they only had a "play pen". I asked if there was anything they can do and the person on the phone said "we only have the playpen, do you want it or not?"I love staying here, but the service makes me want to stay somewhere else. Identity club member: 1176573
4	The floral scented O2 they pump into the casino is better than the bold coffee scent Aria pumps into theirs. 4 stars. Rooms are more posh too.
4	I stayed at this hotel this past labor day weekend. The hotel was jam packed with people - in a good way. Everywhere had young people mid twenties early thirties who were looking to party, and have fun. Live music by the bars, as well as a DJ in another bar.. COSMO is THE  "young" "party" hotel right now in vegas. The hotel is loaded with great restaurants, clubs, amazing pools and amenities. One pool for partying one pool for relaxing.Cosmo is the posh hotel in vegas right now, or "hot" hotel, so the prices are going to be more expensive than other hotels out there. The decor of the hotel, and pools are not as EPIC, Grandiose or Amazing, as the other hotels such as Caesars, Bellagio, or ARIA, and the rooms while more expensive are smaller and are not as nice. I know this is redundant, but with COSMO your paying to weed out the riff-raff that the cheapers hotels do not. You are surrounded by younger people looking to party rather than honey mooners and old people. So in conclusion if you are a big group of single women, or single men looking to party this place is perfect. If your married, on your honey moon, on a business trip or so, I would recommend MANDALAY BAY or other hotels with activities besides "partying".
5	Maybe I shouldn't be writing on a review based on two free stays but the first one was free for winning a contest and the second stay was a free room for two days with our dog but I still had to pay for the pet feE $56 per night and the $28 resort fee.However for both stays, the rooms were great.  The first one had a deep Japanese style bath overlooking the strip (the shower in the middle of the bathroom was a bit interesting I guess it was so you can shower immediately after the bath).  But the room itself was very nice and comfortable.  Always a necessity when you visit Vegas with a non-partier or non-gambler.There were minor glitches (leftover pizza crust found by Apricot) bellman who after being tipped left the cart in the luggage room even though I mentioned that we were leaving directly).  Overall, having the pet area on the 14th floor instead of the hustle and bustle of the main floor was fantastic!The regular prices are too steep for me considering I have a lot of offers for free accommodations when I visit Vegas at least three times a year for family events.  The availability of various restaurants were good but pricey except for the Secret Pizza joint tucked in between Jaleo and Blue ribbon sushi.  And the pizza was delicious but I feel awkward eating between the pricier joints.  You can order a whole pizza to bring back to your room.If you get a great deal and want to stay at a nice newer place, give The Cosmopolitan a try! They always have good deals online on non-holiday-or midweek stays.
4	Had a wonderful opportunity to spend NYE in a fabulous 2 bedroom suite.  My friend was invited to spend NYE and he invited us to experience Cosmo for the first time.  I really like the hotel and will definitely return.Location/Hotel:  Great location at City Center.  Everything is near by and within walking distance. The hotel is still relatively new (3 years) and is still fresh.  The whole hotel has a different vibe than the other ones I frequently visit (Venetian, Aria, and Palazzo).  The vibe is more hip and upscale.  Not really a snooty feel, but they definitely know they are the sh*t.  The hotel is not terribly large and I kind of like that.  You can get from one side of the resort to the other in a relatively short time frame.  If going from west tower to restaurants, I suggest walking on the second/third floor to bypass the traffic on the casino floor.Room:  We stayed in a 2 bedroom (wrap around suite with connecting terrace suite 44th floor) on the west tower.  There was never really a guard checking for room keys.  You are required to insert your room key in the elevator before you can press the button.  Sometimes the room key doesn't activate the elevator and it is a kind of a pain.  The room was very nice.  I loved the fact that the room had a full kitchen.  There were no pots/pans/plates to use with the kitchen (you could probably ask for it though).  The minibar price was def overpriced, so I would suggest bringing in your own beverage.  The rooms had nice modern electronic components but no iphone dock or sound system in the whole suite.  The terrace was great and offered an awesome view of the strip.  There was 3 full baths in the suite.  I loved the bathroom in the terrace suite.  The japanese soaking tub was too small for a grown man...but had a fabulous view.  I loved how the shower and tub was in the same area and you could walk out of the tub and straight into the shower.  There were great bathroom amenities.  Beds were really comfortable but once again, no ipod dock or charging station.  Another complaint that I had was that the light switches were a little confusing.  There was a main switch but then each individual light had one too but was confusing to turn on and off (maybe it was just me).  All in all, I really really loved the room.  Service:  Decent.  However, biggest complaint was the long long long wait for room service to pick up the phone.  I literally waited 15 mins, hung up, and called the operator to help me.  Unacceptable.Restaurant:  Lots of good choices.  But no fast food options.  Best place for a fast grub is the secret pizza restaurant.  The casino floor was not terribly big but was a perfect size.I would definitely return.
4	This place is EVERYTHING right now. I stayed for three nights for a guys trip for a friends birthday. We had two rooms. One was a Lanai Suite for the birthday boy, the other a standard city room for the rest of us. I was disappointed that there was no room with a balcony for the city room, but thats nit-picky. The building, its casino, its restaurants, clubs, access to the strip are all incredibly fantastic, and the layout and flow of traffic was clearly well thought out and executed extremely well. After staying here, I won't stay anywhere else. And I've stayed at just about all the other "nice" places on the strip. The pros: Great rooms with fantastic beds. The beds they have are the best I've ever slept on in Vegas. The bathroom, even in the basic room, was large and terrific, with the window between the shower and the bedroom. Great TV, room was big enough, stylish and well appointed. Definitely did the trick. The cons: Service was totally hit or miss. The front desk employees and especially room service representatives were AMAZING. Like bend over backwards kind of people. However, calling the concierge (which is the only department you can reach to get general help) takes forever. We'd call for something and the phone rings, and rings, and rings. Over and over again. That was irritating beyond belief when you are delaying your plans by waiting for the concierge to answer. We didn't have a TV remote in our room upon check in, and it took 3 calls to get one delivered. Also, we partied all night, and slept much of the day. As such, we put the Do Not Disturb sign on the door and skipped the daytime housekeeping. We called each night around 8pm asking for housekeeping to come sometime between 8pm-2am, and they never came, even after we were told it would be no problem. The room never got cleaned the whole time we stayed, that was upsetting. The first Lanai Suite we had, the heater was broken on the Jacuzzi. Maintenance came up to fix it, and deemed it fixed when they left. It never got hot. The front desk manager came up and was kind enough to discount one night's rate and move us to a better room. That was fantastic service. All in all, I don't think I'll ever stay anywhere else while in Las Vegas. I can't wait until the summer comes back around and I can try out the pools.
5	I absolutely love this hotel. The room and view are spectacular!  We awe on the 55th floor looking south. Whoever designed this room is brilliant. I love the bed. Beyond comfortable. The pillows are perfect. From the fan in the bathroom to the reinforced windows. The room is so quiet. We can't even here planes take off despite overlooking the airport. Thank you Cosmopolitan for a class act!
3	The Cosmopolitan tries to eschew the traditional Vegas hotel/casino look in order to provide a more boutique vibe.  It may be great in terms of appearance and decor, but the gaming here is not quite that good.  There are a limited amount of slot machines and the payouts are really stingy.  It does not really cater to degenerate gamblers like myself.  It serves mostly people who come here for other reasons and then may spend some time on the machines.  Lack of attendants and infrequent cocktail waitress visits, make for a frustrating time on the floor.  There is also a lack of variety in the table games.  But it is fairly clean.
5	My first time in Vegas came here for nye 4 nights. Can say had an amazing time and great experience. Staff are friendly and helpful. The view we had was amazing! The shower and bathroom was great. The only weird part I would stay would be the Window to the shower you can see from the beds. And the curtain is controlled by those on the outside of the shower. If you're a kinky couple that's fine by if you're that kinky you should be in the shower together.
5	Yelps 365 Review Challenge - Los Angeles #11 - #365Recently stayed at the Cosmopolitan, for a family vacay and I happen to have a excellent casino discount for December 27 - 29th, those dates were packed with Vegas tourists and hardcore clubbers. My parents weren't really impressed with the Cosmopolitan and said they have stayed at other 5 star hotels that were more impressive than the Cosmo, I disagree.The check in clerk tried to up-sell me a suite for $50 more per night, I kept declining since I was hardly in the room and was a waste of $50. Instead of staying in the, Studio Terrace Room like last time, we stayed in the City Room with 2 Queen Beds in the West Tower. The Room was clean and much better than our last room at, Caesars Palace, the part of the view was blocked off by the Polo Tower and had a small view of the Center Strip and the Polo Towers tennis court.I just loved the kind of clientele, the Cosmopolitan attracts; young, hip, and trendy. I haven't tried most of the restaurants while I was staying there, except for the Henry (Separate Review).  What I dislike about the Cosmopolitan:--Unorganized Check In/Out Lines--Some of the table dealers were rude--Young Drunks in the wee hours in the morning around the casino with no security controlling it--Security guards by the elevators don't check guests for room keysWhat I like about the Cosmopolitan:+Chic decor around the casino and hotel rooms+Hospitable hotel staff+Location/ Footsteps away from the strip+Terraces in some of the hotel rooms+The Henry, Bond Bar, Chandelier Bar, Book and Stage+The Boulevard PoolWould I stay here again? Hell Yeah!**TIP   Please leave the kids at HOME!!
2	Sad to say I didn't have a very pleasant stay. Only giving it an extra star for the decor and good food options. The first room we got had a surprise. My bf noticed some crusty streaks on the window which turned out to be boogers. Gross!!! Then as he laid in bed he noticed a disturbing odor.  Turned out to be dried up VOMIT between the bed and night stand. WTF!!!!! We were given another room. Upon checkout my bf noticed a random charge. He called the guest services to find out what the charge was and was put on hold for about half an hour while the charge was being investigated. They couldn't verify where the charge was made and had to remove it. I'm not very happy with my experience here.
2	Worst value on the strip.  Stayed here for New Years.  Property is nice, but the service is not acceptable.  Our rooms weren't ready on time.  When they were our keys didn't work.  It was almost impossible to get a drink at the bar (it wasn't crowded).  Room service tray was so hot that I was burned.I've stayed in a lot of the hotels on the strip, and for the money this is the worst.
5	We stayed in the Terrace Suite with a Japanese-styled bathtub that overlooks outside the window. Need I say more? This place is awesome! My only gripe would be how unorganized the check-in line was, but overall the decor of this place is sleek and modern, exactly what I like! They offer you bottles of water as you wait in line and all staff are friendly. The room is very comfortable and and spacious which is nice if you'll be going with a non-gambler or non-drinker and will be spending some time in your room.One of my other favorite things here is the Secret Pizza!
4	C is for ... Chic and ContemporaryO is for ... Opulent DecadenceS is for ... Sexy and SensualM is for ... Marque Dayclub & NightclubO is for ... Optimal Location Mid-StripP is for ... Panoramic ViewsO is for ... Outrageous & Over the TopL is for ... Lovely and Lavish RoomsI is for ... Irresistible RomanceT is for ... Tantalizing Bars & RestaurantsA is for ... Artsy and HipN is for ... Never-ending NaughtinessEvery adjective you've heard about the Cosmopolitan is true. It's a chic, contemporary, opulent, decadent, lovely, lavish, romantic, artsy, naughty, and hip hotel located in the middle of the Las Vegas Strip with amazing panoramic views, a bevy of restaurants, and a very cool club in Marquee.Olivia Z. and me stayed in a luxurious Terrace One Bedroom on the 62nd floor with an outdoor Private Terrace offering a magnificent panoramic view of the neon-lit Strip. The room featured separate king bed and living areas including a kitchenette. The bathroom had dual sinks, shower, and a wonderful Japanese Soaking Tub (that was an amazing way to unwind at the end of each day).Stay in the East Tower if you want to be closer to the Strip, Restaurants, Marquee Day & Night Club, and Bars. It was very convenient for us. Since Cosmopolitan is next to Bellagio, many rooms (with up charge) offer a view of the Fountains or you can easily walk there to catch a few of the Fountain Shows. Another upgrade option is a Upgrade to a Wrap Around Terrace on a corner which was really promoted when we checked-in.Resort Fees are $28 and include access to the Gym, Pool, and WiFi (2 devices only).Self Parking is easy. If you are staying in the East Tower, be sure to drive all the way to the east side of the parking lot for convenience to your elevator. Also, note the shortcut entrance/exit from the east tower, too. Valet is easy, too. It is all done in the parking structure and very comfortable and convenient.Wicked Buffet is over-rated, but ok. Holsteins, on the other hand, makes an amazing burger (The Risng Sun with Kobe-style Beef & add Fried Egg). Secret Pizza isn't a secret anymore. Comme Ca is a relaxing choice for happy hour. STK and Scarpetta are so-so for the higher prices.The Cosmopolitan Las Vegas may not be a 5-star hotel or casino, but it is a convenient, chic, contemporary, lovely, romantic, artsy, naughty, and hip place to celebrate and have fun in the heart of the Las Vegas Strip.
4	casino was great and the staff were polite. the parking garage was real easy to find a parking space in.
5	I have stayed here twice (complimentary) after getting on their radar with my casino play. I will say, even if the rooms weren't free - I would pay ANYTHING to stay in one of the Terrace Suites with a strip view, ANY DAY!!This casino/hotel has become my new "Vegas Home" and you would be stupid to not give this place a try!
4	I been there but its been a long time i never been back to the strip i miss the strip already.  I liked structure of the hotel and its modern style and its attracting to tourist people who don't leave in Vegas.
1	So, this review is for the horrible service I received trying to dispute a $420 overcharge today, and their technical problems that they should fix with all the money they make. Booked hotel online on cyber Monday, but their site was having a glitch, so I had to waste time to call the hotel, be on hold, let them find the problem, and confirm my reservations. Ok, fine, problem solved even though the lady said they charged me twice, but that she will fix it so that I will be charged only once.Fast forward, went to COSMO, room was ok although for that price, the shower shouldn't have nasty water and scum stains...had fun,but just checked my cc, and they charged me again for the same charge on my checkout date. Wtf?!! So, somehow I'm assuming my payment didn't show up prepaid?! Fine! So, to fix THEIR MISTAKE, I waste MY time calling them to get my money back, and get transferred twice, talked to lady about overcharge, then she said she'll look up my account, put me on hold while they look it up. As I'm on hold, I hear the music.. music.. then clicks like someone picked up (no music), then music, then click, then ringing, then all of a sudden, "you have reached the accounting department, and blah blah blah, CLOSE! Please leave a message.. Blah blah blah...' Ok... Thought they may have pressed the wrong button, so hung up and called them again, and got this RUDE A$$ LADY WITH MUCHO ATTITUDE. I'm trying to explain that there was a lady helping me and put me on hold, so please transfer me back. She starts going off telling me that it's an accounting problem, they're closed, nothing they can do, probably why the girl forwarded my call to voicemail, yadda yadda yadda. IF YOU DON'T LIKE YOUR JOB, THEN DON'T WORK THERE SINCE IT SHOWS IN YOUR VOICE! 3.5 stars-1 SCUM & WATER STAINS IN SHOWER-1 RUDE LADY ON PHONE, NO HELP-1 OVERCHARGING ME
5	Just got back from Las Vegas. Wooohooo! :DCosmo is in its winter hibernation mode like a big Russian bear. Meaning everything is still the same except you can feel the overall relaxed atmosphere after the big holidays. The only thing I want to suggest to cosmo is to pay a little more attention to details.I know its hard when 80k people come and go over the weekend however I feel like the hotel itself looks and feels different summer time or maybe I was just too sober this time to notice the little details that were an eye sore. hehe ^____^ Or the hotel is better staffed during summer time....IDKBy details I mean cleanliness of the entrance door to the room and scuff marks all over the freaking place...you can feel that you are a number instead of feeling like a guest. I was a bit put off when I arrived and saw black finger print stains on the entrance door like CSI just finished up collecting evidence from the crime scene LOLDoes it really matter? No but that's what I mean by little details...Furthermore, I like seeing Police presence @ the hotel. It was good to see Sheriffs cruising around the Casino floor and by Marquee. Their presence alone does get rid of a lot of unnecessary drama.Lastly, I love this hotel and I will continue staying here and recommending it to everyone. Just please make sure you hustle cosmo. I hustle to have $$$ to spend at your establishment and you please do the same in return $__$Please tip well and you will get hooked up everywhere! :DCheers!
5	Take a snapshot of where the fuck you parked because it could get mighty confusing. They have only one lobby on the west end, walked to death to check in cuz we parked in the east side apparently.Our suite was so sexy and with the perfect view of the area. Lots of privacy even on the balcony... Whoever designed this hotel was a fucking gay perfectionist... From the art to the layout... Nothing but perfection. Deadbolt your door because these maids check in at all hours during the day so if you're caught with pants down... hmm... Oh well. The bars here are fancy fab, love it, and they have Liberace's car on display.
4	This is mostly a well thought out hotel with top restaurants, a beautiful Chandelier bar, an ice rink in the winter and a warm gambling area.  The rooms are awesome although expensive because of quality and location.  The staff is great as well, very friendly and helpful.  It can be difficult to get in and out of the garage when crowded and signage is not great.  Their is nothing cheap here although you often get value.  The gambling area is a little smaller and crowded than I would like but mostly Cosmo is out of this world!
4	Now that I've stayed here, I can comment about the accommodations.  I was in town for a concert, demand was slack, and I was able to get one of the corner suites for about $300 if I recall correctly.  It was a very sizable, well appointed suite with great views of the strip from inside and especially from the wrap around deck.  The price was right, and it was fun to try it out.  It's a nice property with lots of dining, shopping, and nightlife options  In my opinion, it does tend to draw a crowd that skews somewhat younger and rowdier, and, frankly, douchier, than properties like Wynn, Encore, Palazzo, etc.  Whether that's a pro or a con depends on you and what you're looking for.  Because of how the property is situated on the strip and because of the dining, shopping, and nightlife options, it tends to draw a lot of foot traffic from the strip and can get crowded at times In my opinion, also, it's probably not as posh of a property as plaices like Wynn, Encore, Palazzo, or Bellagio, for example.  Again, whether that's a pro or a con depends on you and what your'e looking for. I like the location of the Cosmopolitan.  It's relatively easy to get to from the airport or from the I-15 if you are driving, and its situated close to lots of other properties you might want to check out, such as the other City Center properties and Planet Hollywood, etc., across the street.
5	Cosmopolitan is the one of the nicest COOL hotel. The chandelier is beautiful that spreads throughout the 4 floors (3.5 floors). It's a must visit. We were there when the ice skating link was present with live DJ music where the pool is in wintertime. Cool stuff
1	REVIEW OF EVENT HELD AT COSMO NOT A REVIEW OF THE HOTELWe attended your New Years Eve Skating rink only to be totally disappointed and when I contacted your events department via email I received no reply... please see my email below hopefully I can get some kind of reply now...Your event at the ice rink was EXTREMELY disappointing. For $160.00 a ticket I would have expected that your event be fully thought out ahead of time and set up flawlessly. We were expecting to see and hear the Bruno Mars concert. One it finally came on at 11pm (no one could give us a definite start time) it was only on the screen for not even 10 minutes before the audio feed went out and they were not able to get it back. We stood and waited hoping that the feed would come back but it never did someone finally decided it maybe a good idea to just put regular music back on so we weren't waiting in silence. This was a HUGE  disappointment considering this is LAS VEGAS and everyone is paying top dollar to have a fun safe New Years.
5	This was one of my favorite Marriotts!!! I was upgraded due to my elite status but of course it was not completely free, but we got in the room and was suprised by the view!! We had the bellagio water view and could just lay down on the bed and watch!  We had a shower that walked through to a roman style tub that could view the whole strip!! The only thing is that you will pay to stay here!! They charge 3 times the amount for snacks in the room and the food is over priced compared to other Marriotts (but to be expected).  The experience started with the valet, just to drive in and see "Cosmopolitian" in glass was breathtaking!  Then registration was easy and fast and suprised because this was during the busy season.  The pool area had a DJ playing and seemed to have all the younger crowd going, and walking around we were amazed by the chandelier bar, it was just BEAUTIFUL!  The room has exquisite decor, including the closet, bathroom, living room and bedroom, the TV controls everything, including the windows, lighting, and door lock!  This is your top of the line hotel with all the amenities I didn't even get to see all the resturaunts but this is a well maintained property!I would not suggest children to stay, it doesn't seem to not be a kid friendly place, but it is really focused on the younger 21 to 35 crowd and there are some items that younger minds might not be ready for...just be aware.
5	My dream hotel in Vegas was always the Cosmopolitan. I vowed to stay there one day but my frugal side always got the best of me and I would book another (fabulous) hotel that was less pricey. However, when my job gave me an opportunity to be put up in the Cosmopolitan for a client summit, I was so excited to see if the accommodations would live up to my expectations. Needless to say, they exceeded everything and anything I could have hope for!! I stayed in a suite with every luxury you could imagine...a fully stocked bar, beautiful  living room, full Japanese soaking bath tub, luxurious bedding with flat screen TV, awesome toiletries (don't lie, you know you care about this!), a fabulous closet, and an amazing balcony overlooking parts of the strip. I almost wanted to ditch the conference and hibernate in my room for the entire trip! Unfortunately, I had to leave way too many times throughout my brief stay, BUT I made sure I used the tub and luxuriated in my suite enough to put a smile on my face every time I think of my experience. On a general note, this hotel has everything you could ever want. The decor is elegant and retro enough to make you feel truly glamorous. The staff is friendly and helpful. The casinos are wonderful, and the restaurants and shops will leave you with an array of options from casual to decadent. Btw none of their shops are the same cookie cutter ones you find in every other high end hotel in Vegas. They're actually more boutiques than large stores. There is even a new pop up wedding chapel for anyone who wants to make the most of their stay! I can't say enough about this hotel except that I will definitely be staying there again. Go! Enjoy!
2	This is a beautiful hotel, nice rooms, good services, except...the internet quality is horrific.  It's slower than phone modems.  I had to use my cell phone just to check in for my flight, it took so long to connect to Southwest.  They could provide decent service, but they probably want people to go to the casino instead of staying in their rooms.  Pretty much everyone I talked to complained about it, heard it being discussed in the elevator, etc.  Speaking of elevators...they weren't working right for two days and there didn't seem to be any effort to fix them.  The cards weren't being recognized (you can't go up to your room without the card insertion) and you could stand in a bank of elevators for ten minutes waiting.Other than that, loved it.  But those things brought it so far down, I doubt I would stay again.
4	Beautiful casino, especially their Chandelier bar as their centerpiece.  A must to grab a (questionably overpriced) drink.  Their signature nightclub Marquee is definitely worth a visit if you're comped or have the money to burn.  Plenty of spaces to explores and get lost in.
2	This review is based off of the hotel experience only.  My boyfriend and I are no strangers to Vegas.  We have stayed at many different hotels around the strip.  We checked into the Cosmopolitan today at 1:30 pm.  Valet is great because it is free, we always tip the bellhop and the valet driver.  The staff were very nice and made check in easy.  We were happy that there was a room available right away since we were early for check in.   We were given some misleading information when we made our reservation.  We were told it was a $150 deposit for the room for our entire stay and once we arrived it ended up being $150 PER NIGHT.  Of course it is refundable and I normally don't mind putting that hold on a credit card if I'm getting a nice experience in a fancy hotel, HOWEVER... We booked a 3 night stay in the Terrace One Bedroom Suite (normally $206/ nightly) which had a WONDERFUL view of the the Bellagio parking garage and air conditioners.  We were offered a fountain view for an extra $30 a night but we said the city view would be more our style since we enjoy the city lights more.  (I think it would have been more helpful if they have three selections for room views: FOUNTAIN, STRIP, and OBSTRUCTED CITY)  Then we might have paid the extra cash to at least not look at a parking garage.  The view wasn't even our biggest concern, what really made our excitement go down was how unclean the room was.  Just a couple of things to point out were:The trash was not emptied from the previous occupantsThe linens were stained with makeup from a drunken pass out of previous occupantsThe furniture was stained, chipped, and not wiped down.Scratches ALL OVER every wall.Glass shower window had spots all over itSoaking tub had beverage rings all around the sidesThe bed they say is a KING feels more like a FULL.They provide you a microwave and dishwasher but NO dishesThat's just a few things... (Photos to be uploaded soon)I have to be fair and give a few things that we did like:The decor is stylish The soaking tub is large and has a sexy view to the bedroom and a window.There is lots of storage for your thingsThe desk is helpfulCasino/Restaurants/Shopping are great to exploreHotel is located right at the heart of the action of the stripWhat really makes me sad is that I REALLY, REALLY, wanted to love this hotel.  It has been a dream to stay here and now that I am I would much rather return to my old favorite which is The Signature at MGM Grand. You can get a larger ONE BEDROOM SUITE with a completely separate living room, full kitchen, two bathrooms, and more for only $150/ nightly versus the $206/ nightly here and I can assure you that every time you step into a room there it will feel brand new as if you are the first person to ever stay there.  For the Cosmopolitan I cannot say the same.  I'm sorry Cosmo but when we check out, we will NOT be returning.  Clean up your hotel or lower your prices because this place is highway robbery.
4	When it comes to Vegas I'm all about Location. Cabs are really expensive here so the more I can walk to places the happier I am. When it comes to location The Cosmoploitan can't be beat. It is located right in the middle of everything. THe hotel is also very Posh and have a sophisticated feel about it. The casino is large but only one of many things to do while staying here. The mall is small but has some fun stores to look around. One of my favorite things about staying here was all the different places to eat. There are lots of different places to try. One complaint I have is the tables here have high minimum bets even when the place is dead. I found myself walking over to Planet Hollywood to do my gambling because of this. Over all a fun place to stay right in the middle of all the action!!
5	Absolutely elegant and classy! No casino like it on the strip!It's different but in a good way.A definite must see if you come to Vegas. They have concert venues and the best club in town Marquee. And some of the best restaurants as well. You have to have their secret pizza :) it's located inside of cosmopolitan but sshh... It's secret so good luck finding it. But when you do gosh will you be happy. :))) cosmopolitan is the place to be on the strip.
4	I absolutely love this hotel. I stayed here for a few nights and I absolutely loved every second of it. Honestly, I think I will be staying here every time I go to Vegas from here on out. That's how much I enjoyed the Cosmo. The rooms are amazing and spacious, they almost all have amazing views and its a really big grandiose hotel.I'm glad that they've toned down the glittery aspects of the hotel from what it used to be when  it opened, which was gaudy and painful to the eyes. Now its just classy and full of amazing bars, restaurants and people. I really enjoy walking through this hotel and just getting drinks with friends at the Chandelier (a gigantic 3 storey bar under a chandelier).The parking situation could be better, but I do appreciate the parking sensors that tell you which spots are occupied and which spots are open. I also don't like that you have to take an elevator from the parking garage to the main lobby level and then take the elevators from the lobby level to the rooms. ALSO they really need to fix the card readers in the elevators because they don't work. Please adopt NFC for your keycards or something because the card readers in the elevators are embarassingly broken.
3	When this hotel opened, it was the talk of the Las Vegas Strip, but when I went this last time around, it seems that this hotel has taken a turn for the worst. Went there on a friday night to hit up the bars/clubs at this hotel, and it was a dead scene. I thought it could be a dead week to be in Vegas, but it really wasn't. I went to check out the roulette table, and found that the tables were ridiculously priced, and a lot of people not playing. I think they have set the standard a bit too high, and from what I saw the demand wasn't there. The crowds were plenty at the MGM and at Wynn and Encore. The hotel is gorgeous, but it seems that Marque might be the only thing that is really attracting any crowd to that hotel.
3	This is an update to my previous review of the hotel portion of the Cosmopolitan.  The morning after my review, we received a phone call expressing their concern about the view and cleanliness of our room.  They offered to change our rooms free of charge.  They moved us to a fountain view room on a higher floor and they also moved us from the one bedroom terrace to the terrace suite which is much larger and has more amenities such as a dining room, full kitchen, two bathrooms, washer and dryer, and a larger bedroom.The room itself was MUCH cleaner and more well maintained than our previous room which made us feel better about our stay.  The only issue we found was that my boyfriend got stuck in the bedroom because they have sliding doors to separate the bedroom from the living room and it was partially detached and got wedged together with the other door.  Eventually we got him out though without any assistance.The kitchen has an oven, a stove, a dishwasher and a fridge and freezer but no utensils, no plates, no bowls, no soap, and no purpose.  Do they expect travelers to bring their own plates and forks?  I just didn't see the point.  For looks?The rooms are not all the same, they advertise having a touch tablet phone in the room (we had two rooms and both did not have them)  We also did not have the iPod adapter as advertised either.  We had to call for a do not disturb sign since our room did not have one and not to mention they have like seven different do not disturb signs which isn't very classy in my opinion.  The rooms are supposed to feel very unison. Housekeeping still needs to be better trained, they do not clean well.  There was some cereal spilt on the floor (a couple flakes)  when we first arrived and instead of it getting swept up it was swept into a pile on the floor for us to clean up.  Why do I have to clean up someone else's mess?  The air conditioner is motion censored, so you can't cool your room off while you are out and it can only be dropped to 65 degrees.  It was kind of frustrating to not be able to come back to a nice cool room.You are supposed to be able to control a lot of things from your TV but our remote batteries were dead so no TV for us.All in all everything and everyone just seems to be on different pages.  There is no communication in this company.  I understand it is a huge hotel but come on I work at a company that has well over 22,000 employees and we are all one same page.,The only other big issue we had with our new room was after returning from a fun day of activities our guest bathroom had a very strong scent of marijuana.  We were not sure why it smelled that way seeing as how we had been gone all day.  We assumed it was either house keeping being naughty or the party goers staying in the room next to ours and the scent somehow seeped in.  We called the front desk about it three times.  The first time they said they would be sending the floor manager up.  After 30 minutes there was still no knock on the door.  We were hungry and wanted to go grab food so we called once more.  They said this time they would send up housekeeping to come clean the bathroom and we didn't need to be present.  So we went and grabbed dinner.  Upon returning the restroom appeared the same. Same smell and still just as strong.  We attempted to call once more.  This time they said there wasn't much they could do except bring a machine up to suck up the scent.  So to us it felt like a big "What do you want me to do about it?" and "Deal with it"  We let it go, just closed up that bathroom the best we could to keep it from seeping into the rest of the room.Luckily when we arrived for our check in date there was a room already ready,  crappy... but ready.  Every evening after that though we saw about 30-40 people camped out in the lobby waiting for a room well past 5 pm (check in is at 3pm mind you)  It just doesn't seem acceptable to not have rooms ready by the check in time.Overall the upgrade was really nice of them and we really appreciate it because it made our trip not as stressful and it was also a little more comfortable.  A big shout out to Joe and Nathan our bellhops who are very friendly and professional and deserve a bonus because they are so awesome.I said it last time,  I REALLY wanted to love this hotel.  I really did.  I just can't.  Not until they retrain their staff, maintenance their rooms, and become more organized.If you are planning to stay at this hotel it is a nice hotel with a comfortable living space, great location, and great amenities, I just think there are other hotels with a luxurious quality that have a better value, better staff, and better organization.
5	We visited our friend who was staying in a huge terrace suite with a wrap around balcony and the panoramic view is absolutely SPECTACULAR!  The suite has beautiful modern decor and includes a large bedroom with adjoining spacious bath, living room, powder room, dining area and full kitchen in 1200 sq ft.  I would definitely want to stay at the Cosmopolitan next time I visit Las Vegas!
1	So disappointed in the service in the casino and the bars. I hung out here for three nights and had great time gambling and listening tithe DJ music. However, the service in the bars and in the casinos just sucks. Very rude and inattentive cocktail waitresses. Tried to speak with a manager who first was unavailable then he did talk with me but did not care about my complaint. Not worth my time and money for the worst customer service on the strip
5	After having gone to Vegas a few years now for NYE, I have sampled most of the casinos for atmosphere, design, and atmosphere.   This place wins by a mile.   The bars and restaurants and shops are all high class and there is a very organic, original design principle that lets the ideas from one structure flow to the next.  No other casino is so well designed in every square inch.   The center chandelier bar is a fantastic centerpiece.  The views from Comme Ca (and the food) are amazing.  I have yet to explore all the nightclubs and restaurants but will be back to do so.I have to state that I have not actually stayed here, it is way above my price range, at least for the holidays, but if I ever made more money I would and it would be fantastic I'm sure.
5	Came here to see Kaskasde at Marquee and I was blown away at how beautiful this place was. It was clean and gorgeous. The people were fine, the company was fine, I was literally in another world. The glistening jewels of the ceiling decorations came down in pretty droplets as if it was raining crystals, there were translucent drapes lit up by pink and purple dancing across the top. It's safe to say the the decor was impeccable. The people working the front of Marquee at Cosmo was very professional and courteous, since we were on the VIP list we got to the club in matter of minutes instead of waiting in line. So kudos to the employees there!There's this red stiletto shoe on the first floor that everyone likes to take pictures with and the line to take a photo can get long at least when I was visiting.I've also wandered the halls of Cosmo and they have a really cool interactive art gallery on one of their floors along with other swanky restaurants that I haven't tried, but the art gallery is definitely a place to take a look at. I also love the fact that they have a lot of chairs for people who are either tired walking around or just want a place to sit and relax and best of all the chairs were very comfortable! Cosmo is definitely hands down one of my favorite hotels in Vegas! :)
4	New trendy hotel, good parking garage design and hotel design, easy to navigate and strong drinks at the bars. The minimums at the tables are a little high, but in line with the rest of the newer casinos on the strip. I would consider this one of the upper level casinos in Vegas
3	The ambiance here is amazing from diamond chandeliers at every inch of the ceiling, the beautiful decorations to all the pretty people walking around but thats about it. The staff wasn't very pleasant, it was crowded, the gambling was horrible for everyone in my group. I dont think I will be going back here. I was very disappointed. I was expecting a whole lot more excitement when I was there.
5	I love love love this hotel! My experience from check in to check out was the best! All staff were friendly and helpful. The room was beautiful with an awesome view of the strip. Every part of the hotel is modern with such amazing detail. I didn't have a chance to utilize the pool but did get to hang out there and enjoy my coffee one morning. The only minor negative for me was the view from the fitness center. It has a view of the strip but it's blocked by some big unit (maybe air conditioner). But the fitness center has everything you need so it's really nothing to complain about. I love how the Cosmo is centrally located on the strip! You step out and you are in the heart of it all. I hope to return soon and stay here again!!
5	I stayed there about a week ago for 3 nights and Im simply in love with it. From the moment you walked in, you have the giant screens on pillars displaying art to the elegant casino, it's simply an intimate hotel. We arrived around 10am, bellhop was able to hold onto our bags and they said they would send us a text for our room But around 1, I was really tired and asked if our room was ready. They gave us our key cards promptly, didnt know how to use the elevator but one of the staff members was really helpful. The elevators move incredibly fast, we made it to the 51st floor in about 15 seconds. When we booked online I asked for a terrace studio but when we entered our room I was surprised to see they automatically upgraded us to a 1 bedroom terrace view of city center in the east tower for free! I loved the japanese soaking tub, the ultra comfy robes, even the greeting the t.v. displays when you turn it on. :) When we first arrived the tub's plug was broken, called concierge and within 20 mins maintenance arrived and fixed it immediately. Beds are super comfy, love that the pillows easily conform to the body and love having a drink with my love enjoying the nightime view on the terrace.I like that the casino is small, its more inviting and the cocktail waitresses are friendly. The chandelier bar is gorgeous and love the video decor. The staff is very friendly and welcoming. Upon checkout through the t.v. I noticed extra charges on my account, I went to the lobby downstairs and they removed it immediately. If you are planning a vacation I highly reccomend this place, I'm not what you would call their regular wealthy clientele but I saved money for a couple of months for a romantic place to stay and they exceeded expectations. And getting into marquee free isn't bad either. ;)
5	Definitely one of my top hotels in Las Vegas, right on par if not better than Encore. Have not had the luxury to stay here but I love coming to this hotel on each visit. The chandeliers, the decor, the ambience and overall incredible classy feel of the hotel is just so enticing. It has such a new and beautiful feeling and you can tell that the they did not hold anything back when designing this hotel.
5	Wraparound Suite is amazing! It has a kitchen, fridge and stove.The bed is very comfy to just chill and sleep in after you party like a rockstar.
5	Yep.  The Cosmo is heaven.  Period.I can't tell you how much I love this hotel.  I used to be a loyal Wynn/Encore girl all the way, but I'm afraid The Cosmo has stolen my heart.Every detail about this hotel is fabulous.  The layout makes it surprisingly easy to navigate, especially when you're staying there as a guest.  I'm pretty sure this is one of the only big hotels on the strip where you don't have to walk through the entire casino to reach the guest elevators - so refreshing!The rooms here are very...cosmopolitan!  Yes it is one of the priciest places to stay, but if you want the Vegas experience, and maybe you're looking for something trendier, and more sexy, this is your spot!  Even the most basic room will not disappoint.The casino and casino bars are super swanky, which I love.  All the decor is done to the nines, with really cool LED light fixtures and other intriguing designs to make you feel extra fancy wherever you are. My favorite spot is definitely The Chandelier - see review here: http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-chandelier-las-vegas#hrid:wswf9u0Aa1y02z_FqQTs9AAlso, don't forget to make a stop at Holstein's! http://www.yelp.com/biz/holsteins-shakes-and-buns-las-vegas#hrid:8UWwAnQ9l4_URQ31Hw0u1wI could go on for days about all the great things The Cosmo has to offer, but just take my word for it and go there - you'll be glad you did!
5	My GF and I received a packet of free discounts and goodies to the Cosmo on our United Flight coming into Vegas, so we spent a good chunk of time there.  Although a good portion of it was all a little out of our price range, what we did was awesome.  From the wonderful restaurants(WICKED SPOON!!) to the 'happening' Marquee the Cosmo is wonderful.  A beautiful hotel throughout it exudes a hip confidence about itself that sets it apart from the other Strip Hotels/Casinos.
5	Not cheap, but the rooms, fitness center, and staff are great! You are also within easy walking distance to The Aria, Caesar's, and Bellagio.
4	Very nice hotel and good service . Lobby is clean and upscale, the only problem is parking is hard to find so we had to valet the car and it took 45-1 hour to get our car . I dont really understand the design of the bathroom, there is a see through glass with shutter over the shower on the bedroom side and a big opening at the tub also accessible from the bedroom, so anyone in the room can see you in the bathroom.  The distance between the shower and the tub is like 4-5 steps and there is nothing between shower and mirror/sink so got all my toiletry wet while taking a shower, the whole design of it its very odd to me.
5	Beautiful hotel, beautiful suites. We had a view over the Bellagio's fountains and got to watch the light shows all evening! It was beautiful. The rooms were clean and spacious, the upgrade to the suite was so decadent! It had so much space and little luxurious nuances. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay! The only goofy thing was the hotel decorations: its decorated for women who read cosmopolitan magazine. It has enormous High heeled shoes decorating the lobby and everything is hot pink and black...I liked it, but I'm quite girl...My beau remarked how the whole hotel looks like it is for a bachelorette party. Cold casino as well....
5	This is one of my fave places to stay when I'm in Vegas. Great location, right in the heart of the strip. The decor, service, nightclub/dayclub, rooms (balconies with an amazing view!) and food are top-notch! Their nachos and cheesecake are the best I've ever had!!! Be sure to sign up for their Identity Rewards program (it's free!)...you earn points for every dollar spent in the hotel. Ladies (and guys, too) don't forget your photo-op in the red shoe :) This place is pricey, but it's worth it!
5	Great spot on the Vegas strip.  Rooms are very well appointed with full living room and kitchen for entertaining.  Nice pools with a more low key relaxed vibe.  If you plan your trips around nightlife it was a huge bonus to save the $40 cover per person by showing the staff your room key for complimentary cover.
5	I stay in Vegas 7-8 times a year and have experienced every major hotel on the strip. Cosmo is a great place the rooms are the best I have seen in Las Vegas. I really enjoyed having a couch to relax on when I wasn't working. I had room service several times while I stayed there and every time the food was excellent and the service was fast. I'd stay here anytime!
5	While checking in, their impressive lobby keeps you distracted from the short line. A guy named Joey working the counter, thankfully talked me into upgrading into a "wraparound suite". Our room was absolutely incredible, and is likely what everyones cliche Vegas fantasy must look like. A friend of mine booked their standard room next to ours, and even that room was awesome! You won't be disappointed staying here. The staff was very friendly all around, fun & down to earth. The ambience was modern and trendy in a good way. Grab a Cosmo at their gorgeous chandelier bar, and book a table at Marquee if you can afford it! Between the restaurants & everything else, there isn't a whole lot of motivation to go anywhere else LOL, Cheers!
4	Great location in the middle of the strip. Love the fountain view room; the room is very spacious and doesn't feel like a hotel room really much at all. I've stayed here twice: June and January. On our most recent visit, we had a couple of issues with the cleaning staff with our room: there were gloves left on our balcony and then some other supplies left the next day in the bathroom, including a rag in the tub. We addressed this with the front desk and they comped the upgrade fee ($40) for one night. If you are going with friends, be sure to try to get into the same tower (east may be best in summer/pool season as you bypass the pool elevator traffic). You also may consider the block of floors as there are 3 elevators then in each tower depending on the floor you are staying  on. Just something to consider.The hotel is nice and posh; it doesn't have an overwhelming theme like others do, but if the theme is anything, maybe it is chandeliers and shoes!The casinos are nice. They have a variety of options so you can go from high roller to a $5 table to the slots. There are lots of places to go, including the Chandelier Bar, Secret Pizza, Wicked Spoon buffet, Marquee club, and more!
5	perfection from head to toe!staff:  exceptional service - going above and beyond expectations.  the staff remembered my name and personally welcomed me upon every arrival and asked if i needed any assistance with directions or recommendations upon my departures.  service:  prompt, courteous, professional, personalaccommodations:  clean, contemporary, classy, refined, freshview:  my suite was on the 58th floor and overlooked the fountains.  i couldn't imagine a better view in the whole city!shopping:  shopping!  shopping!  shopping!food:  three words "o" "m" "g" - Jose Andres, Holsteins, The Wicked Spoon... beyond my culinary expectations!  club:  Marquee was off the chain!parking:  not only did they provide valet service, but they were able to accommodate my Tesla and allowed for charging.  VIP valet service!overall, if i could live here, i would!   i don't write many reviews, but, when i do, i mean what i say.   i was sincerely impressed with the property and service.  i'm not big into gaming - so, i haven't much a comment where that is concerned - but, the lobby and the tables were full and festive.  literally my  best experience with any hotel property in Las Vegas and one that tops the list for my experiences with places around the world.
5	Stayed here for my bachelorette party. Very modern and very clean rooms. Also a perfect location on the strip. Honestly, we only left this place a couple times. Once to go to a different pool party (wet republic). But you really don't have to leave this hotel once you're there. Their pool party (marquee) was the highlight of my trip (A better scene than wet republic too). We were partying in one of those private cabanas with the infinity pools. The guys & girls bringing the booze to us were great- always making sure we were having a great time and very professional. There are TONS of restaurants right in the hotel too. Both expensive and extremely casual. And their nightclub, marquee, was also a great time. Absolutely loved the bars too- the one near the check-in and the chandelier one esp!! Next time I plan a trip to Vegas I'm def staying here again. Thanks Cosmo for an unforgettable bachelorette party!
5	I am review 2000 !!!!!! This place is amazing. Clean hotel with amazing service and balconys in every room. The bathrooms are great with a jacuzzi and all. Rooms all come with amazing views and room service as well as the best day clubs in Vegas. Wicked spoon the buffet is probably the best buffet I've had. Ever. The bachanical at Cesar's is amazing as we'll. Love Vegas. Love the Cosmo. Will be back.
5	I love this hotel!  This was my second stay and I was eager to get back.  Second sales conference I attended here.  My room was a suite.  A luxurious living area with mini bar, yummy snacks (way too expensive but comforting to know, if I got hungry in the middle of the night,, I could fulfill a craving!)  A generous dressing area and a king sized bed with the fluffiest of pillows and down cover.  My favorite part of the room however, is the soaking tub in the bathroom.  Decorated with marble and a complete liability, the soaking tub is fueled with the hottest of water to cover the achiest parts of your body after walking all over Vegas during the day or sitting more than 12 hours in seminars!  Gosh,  what a way to fall into the deepest sleep you'll experience in life.  My husband joined toward the end of my conference.  His reaction to the room was "oh my gosh, you should see this room."  It felt good that after the many wonderful things I have experienced because of him, he could enjoy opportunities which came my way.  It's an expensive hotel and it caters to adults and business.  Not for kids....which makes it super great!  Oh I forgot to mention that there was a balcony too with a beautiful view in any direction.
1	Under no circumstances should anyone ever stay at this hotel.  We arrived this afternoon for a three day weekend and had booked the one bedroom wrap around suite for over $2000 for three nights.  When we arrived, the hotel informed us that our suite was no longer available and instead offered us a lower quality room.  After about an hour of debate and negotiation at the check in desk, they did offer compensation, but still refused to provide the room that had been confirmed months ago when the reservation was made.  Also, rooms at Encore and Palazzo are nicer and a better value.
5	Stayed here in March 2013. Booked a wraparound terrace suite.It was amazing, service was great, the views were incredible, and overall the experience was top notch. Got one of the suites that faced towards Marquee nightclub and the Bellagio fountains. I was easily able to see the fountain show go off at night and see the dayclub pool party going on during the day. The wraparound balcony of this room is definitely the greatest feature. The entire length of the strip was easily viewable from the room. I would definitely recommend it and would stay here again.
5	I wanted to be the 2000th review.  Love this hotel. Upgrade to view of Belliago fountains :)
5	New favorite hotel in Vegas!! My boyfriend and I stayed in the Aria Sky Suites the last 3 trips we thought it was great until the Cosmopolitan (not in a suite) if that tells you anything.  Love Everything about this hotel and customer service was so much better. Love it!
1	Amazing property, but I would never stay here again. Booked three weeks ago on business and paid in full, just to get here and be told they have no rooms for us. The manager we dealt with was unhelpful and recited lines out of the company handbook like a robot. His name was Brian Askins in case you ever have to deal with him. Overbooking and putting people out like the airlines is no way to run a business. What a joke.
1	Stay was good but post charges and service is horrible!My husband and I love this place and it is very modern and nice hotel to stay at but our last experience was bad as they charged us extra on our credit card. We went to the hotel as my husband had a comp room offer for 2 days. We were only going to stay one night so we booked the room for Sunday night (1/19) to checkout Monday morning (1/20). We called and asked for a late checkout and they said we could at noon so we tried to checkout at 11:55 on computer and it would not work and we called the front desk and checked out. We were out of the hotel all together with our car from Valet by 12:30ish but we received a room charge of $336.01 on our credit card saying that we had not checked out on time and they charged us for an additional night. My husband called to ask about the charges on 1/27 and they said that send an email to marivic.budduan@cosmopolitanlasvegas.com and he will check and refund or call and let us know. Nothing happened after about a week of waiting, I called on 2/1 and asked about it and they said that there we no notes on our account and now the manager Pam is looking into it and will get back to me. She also mentioned that since it is Saturday, accounting is closed and so they get back to me on Monday. Of course, once again no one called or there were no refunds on my card. I called again today (2/5) and they said there are no notes once again and not sure what has happened. I was transferred to the accounting department and the lady asked me all the same questions all over again and then put me on a 17 minute hold and then finally said that they manager is putting the credit back on my account as they see that no key was ever used on that day. I think this the worst of customer service I have seen to not get back to your customer after multiple promises.No doubt, the hotel is nice and amazing but does not make me want to go there again after the horrible post experience.
1	Gross.  Chaos.  Unhelpful.  Trashy.  Rude staff at every turn.  Hundreds of dollars in billing errors after checkout.  Maybe this place was nice the first week it opened.  But now it feels like staying at a motel in New Jersey during spring break.  Stay anywhere else, literally anywhere else.
5	Outstanding rooms with amazing views. Staff were exceptional and vibe was vibrant. Outstanding experience rather just a hotel to sleep in.
5	I stayed here over Super Bowl weekend and loved it. For VIP service, they take you to a private room to check in with a cocktail bar and offer you a drink. In the hotel they have so many employees greeting you and asking if they can help you find anything. They room is extremely nice and the view was pretty. Since the hotel is more upscale, it smells less like cigarette smoke. The only thing I didn't like was having to go to the "identity counter" to create a membership so I can place a bet on the Super Bowl. It is really rare that a hotel in Las Vegas will do that. Otherwise, I loved the place!
5	Really great hotel! It's swanky and modern. The receptionist gave a free upgrade to the 51st floor with a terrace view. And the view was of the strip and amazing. The room is all about you. My name showed up on the key card and when you turned on the TV. There's a window from the bathroom to the bedroom which can be interesting but there is a blind you can pull down if that bothers you. The showers is huge and amazing. They some very cool store - all over priced but fun to walk through and great restaurants - STK, Holsteins. Overall a very fun stay.
5	Date & Time:  Wednesday-Friday January 15-17, 2014 @ 1pmCompanions:  Mommy & HusbandScene:  Couples & Groups in Graphic Grey Sweatshirts, Leather Minis & Knee-High LouboutinsDecor:  Modern & Luxe.  Rooms Include Living Area, Elevated Hot Tubs, BalconiesService:  ProfessionalRestaurants:  Holsteins for Lunch, STK & Blue Ribbon for DinnerClub:  Marquee Entertainment:  Rose. Rabbit. Lie.Total:  Averages $300 Per Night
1	I am a local and USE TO come here all the time. It was my friends graduation. We told them we were going to have a celebration and they suggested to get a bigger room to have more space. So we booked one of the nicest rooms on the top floor and it wasn't cheap. We had about 10 people over we went to dinner and then went to the room for drinks. By MIDNIGHT (which for vegas is like 9pm) had a knock on the door saying we were too loud. So we went to tell everyone to tone it down. Not even 5 min later we had another knock for a 2nd warning! Are you kidding me?! How can we settle everyone down in less then 5min?! So we turned the music off  and seriously toned it down. 20 min later we had our 3rd warning it was ridiculous there was 8 security guards trying to escort us out! A little dramatic don't you think? It was now 1am. 1AM for Vegas!!!! It was so beyond stupid I started to record it and one of the security guards grabbed my wrist and yanked my phone out of my hand and told me I couldn't record them. First off they ARE NOT allowed to touch you in anyway unless you give them permission or under arrest. I tried to talk to a manger but they refused and said we were now crossing private property. Long story short we left. No. Actually they walked all of us out of the hotel!! I will never get a room at Cosmo again. Vegas is known to party. Their commercials are "the right amount of wrong" we were not doing anything illegal and everyone was over 21. Being a local I have been to plenty of hotel parties. Even some where there were 20-50 ppl and live DJs and not a word from security.It's one thing to be in a tiny bedroom and being loud but  We were even in the huge luxury suite. They may be the hot new hotel on the strip. But not worth it to end a party by 1am.Oh and not to mention that one of guards told me on the way out that he has been doing security for 20 yrs and if we wanted to have a hotel party that Hard Rock is the place to be and we won't hear a word. That Cosmo is good for the clubs and bars. But they cater to business people For their hotel rooms. So maybe they should change theirCommercials cause its false advertisement . come to the clubs but don't plan on sleeping there. I'll book my next hotel at Hard Rock
5	Stayed here the first month it opened. Definitely one of the best rooms I have ever stayed in.Extra large extra modern room with a big flat screen TV and another small one in the bathroom.Central location, fantastic gym, great view from the balcony.The Cosmopolitan buffet is the #1 buffet in Vegas.
4	Stayed at Cosmo or first time this past weekend. Overall, great experience!! From check-in to check out. Check-in was fast and very very friendly! I wish I got the guys name who helped me but didnt manage to get it. All I remember is that he looked like Nick Cannon ha. Upgraded to Terrace Suite East tower. 15th floor Belagio view. Beautiful room and view. Bed isnt as comfortable as I thought it would be but it did the job! Also, Marquee is right here too so why not make the best of it. Beautiful hotel. Friendly staff. Great location. A must go!
5	This is my new favorite hotel when I am headed to vegas. We stayed on the 51 floor, and wow what a view of the vegas strip, INREA. Big rooms and best of all they have a balcony that hold about 10 people. Room service never goes wrong in vegas so that went well too. But wow what an amazing hotel, and the crowd was great too. The rooms where amazing. This hotel was originally built as condo's but the converted into hotel rooms, and they look amazing. Clean rooms clean bathroom and like I said you could step outside your room and get some fresh air.
4	Had the pleasure of finally staying here over Superbowl weekend. The hotel is very nice (not as nice as Wynn or Encore) and better than most I've stayed at on the Strip. Got to watch the game in the Chelsea auditorium with VIP treatment including open bar and lots of free food! Great venue but the game sucked ass (bronco fan here). Rooms are very nice except the beds were uncomfortable. Kinda felt like you were sleeping at an incline...weird. The terrace and view of the Bellagio fountain and the rest of the strip is unmatched. Great overall trip since we all won a lot of $$$ at the tables (guess unpaid for casinos still payout) ;-)Other than having to socialize with annoying seahawks, it was a fantastic experience.
5	I have stayed all over Vegas and the Cosmopolitan is by far the best hotel in Vegas. If you can, request the Signature Suite, 1200 square feet of fun. It is a mini-Hangover style suite, minus the Tiger.
1	I've stayed at the Cosmo a couple times since they opened - both great experiences! However, this past stay over Super Bowl weekend was an absolute disappointment! Check-in was very easy and pleasant. I gave the gentleman at the front desk the  name of a person that will be staying in the room (arriving later in the evening) - no problems. We arrived at the room only to be immediately greeted by a pungent smell of smoke. I called and spoke to a manager about it.  Instead of moving us to another room, he asked me to provide him with a convenient time for his staff to bring in an "ozone machine" to deodorize the space. I was speechless.I then go to use the bathroom, only to realize that we had NO trash cans in the ENTIRE room.  I called again. They assured me that someone was on their way to deliver new cans. We went out to grab food and gamble (2-3 hours). Arrived back - still no trash cans. Again, I called the front desk, they assured me they were on their way. 30 min later there was a knock on my door. We then head out to dinner. Our friend arrives at the hotel while we are out. He gives the front desk both his and my name. They give him the room key - no problems there. He then gets to the room, unpacks, showers, shaves, grabs a drink from the mini bar and takes off to meet us at the casino. Long story short...About 2 hrs later we figure out that the front desk had given him the wrong room key (directed him to the wrong room). All this time he was showering and settling in to a room that wasn't his - luckily the owners of the room hadn't returned since he had arrived. We immediately went to speak to the front desk about this - they lightheartedly apologized (as if it was funny). Not the reaction I was expecting. They brought over another gentleman who claimed to be a "manager," all he did was briefly apologize. He did not seem too interested in making sure we were satisfied. btw...all of this happened on my girlfriend's bday weekend. I expected much more from this hotel. Its as if my business didn't matter to them. Most likely won't go back in the near future.
5	My new favorite hotel on the strip. The staff was excellent, from every housekeeper to front desk agent to waitresses. I have been in the hotel industry for over 25 years and I tend to be a little more critical than the average hotel guest. The Cosmo is doing everything right! We were offered a comp room based on our previous trip to Vegas and signing up for players club. I figured since it was free, we would get stuck in a mediocre room which would be fine as the saying goes, you get what you pay for. We went in with little expectations and figured our time in the actual room would be minimal anyway. We arrived prior to check in time but the agent was awesome!! I wish I remembered her name...Danellye? Anyway, she let us check in early and upgraded us to a wraparound suite on high floor. The room was absolutely breath taking. It was huge and the views were outstanding! I would stay there every time, even if I had to pay for it hahaha . Thank you Cosmo for a wonderful stay
5	Best hotel in Las Vegas to get the entire experience in one place. Beautiful rooms for a great price! You get more than what you pay for. Great casino, great restaurants, great environment. Convenient location on the strip. Very detailed and decorated with decadent chandeliers. WRAPAROUND TERRACE SUITEThe most amazing view of Las Vegas that you can get from a room balcony. The glass windows literally wrap around the entire suite. Upgrade to the KING bed, so comfortable that it's worth it. Love the lighting system. Full kitchen and living room with two full bath and one bedroom. Easy check-in and check-out! Make sure you get a player's card if you're gambling. Food: Wicked Spoon Buffet for breakfastfrench toast and omelette recommended!Holsteins for lunchUrth burger and El Machete burger are my favorites with onion rings or sweet potato fries!MUST TRY RED VELVET MILKSHAKE- add the extra shot of alcohol- SO WORTH ITBlue Ribbon Sushi Bar Secret PizzeriaOpen until 4 AM so stop by whenever you have those munchies that won't go away, but good luck finding it!Henry'sFast pub food to grab before leaving the hotelTry the breakfast burrito!
4	Stayed at the wrap-around suite and couldn't ask for a better time. The balcony wrapped around as well and pointed toward the strip/bellagio. (Room had a full kitchen, washer and dryer and a huge living room. The reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is because we had some minor issues with the heat...Overall, great hotel with one of the best clubs in Vegas (Marquee) and the location is perfect, center of all the action on the strip.
5	Read carefully:  Do not stay anywhere else in Vegas.  The Cosmo is BY FAR the best hotel you will encounter in the entire state of Nevada, period.  Read the reviews, look at the pretty posted photos...I am not going to be able to add anything further.  Thank you for the AMAZING stay, Cosmo!!
5	I've stayed at quite a few of the hotels here in Vegas, and wow, this was by far the best. We originally booked 2 adjoining City Rooms but we got both rooms upgrades to the Terrace Studios. Since we flew in on 2 different flights and the name of the person on the room was on the second flight, Cosmo let us switch cards on file while maintaining the price we originally booked (which was a steal compared to other hotels). The lady checking us in automatically asked if we wanted late check, which is at 2pm. We ended up on the 47th floor with a balcony and our view was awesome at night. We liked that it was close by to a Walgreens, so we stopped there to pick up drinks, cups and some food for our room. It was a short walk away! Went to Marquee one of the nights we were there, so loved that we didn't even have to leave the hotel. Definitely stop by the Secret Pizza place nearby when you're leaving Marquee! On the last day, a friend and I decided to check out the pool area even though it wasn't too warm up. I definitely would come back when it's warmer. The pool area looked like it could be a lot of fun. Check out the pics other people have posted on here!Also, if you ever go wandering around, there are plenty of photo ops on the many floors!The only con I have is their security/lost-and-found. My friend left her jacket in her room so she called security/lost-and-found, told them what it looked like. They said they found it and would hold it for us. Since she had already left on her flight, she gave my name so that I could pick it up for her. When I tried to pick it up, the security guy said there was nothing in lost and found from either rooms and that we would just have to call back tomorrow during the first shift since the second shift guys knew nothing about it. Luckily, when she did call back the next day, they were able to locate her jacket and mailed it back to her. I would definitely stay here again provided the price wasn't too high.
5	By far my favorite hotel in all of Vegas. Being a local, I have seen them all, and this place is perfect for the younger 20-30 crowd. Located right in the middle of the strip, it is so close to so much good nightlife and food places as well. Their ambiance is absolutely beautiful and the staff will tend to your every need. The wrap around suites are breath taking and it really helps if you have a big party to get that suite. I will stay here time after time!
5	Hands down Best Hotel on The Strip! Can't wait to go back again soon. Rooms are super comfortable, very Hip Place!
1	I go to Vegas about 30 times a year for business.  I have stayed at many hotels.  Thought I would go back to Cosmo to earn some Mariott points.  I was very surprised when they wanted to charge me another 6.25 for a refill on my iced coffee and charged 9.50 for the water in the room.  Expensive even for Vegas hotel standards.  When I told an employee who looked like a manager on my way out that I was annoyed that they would not give me a refill on my coffee, he seemed like he could care less.
2	I gave two stars because the decor is pretty, but it's only on the surface people. I'm not happy At All with my stay. Management needs to get their shit together. The service sucks! It seems staff are not on the same page. First I checked in and had to wait over two hours for my room. Now looking back realized they never confirmed my room type at checkin. I also didn't like the random lines at check in. We had to wait longer than the couple the showed up next to us. Its sort of like a grocery store check out line (luck of the draw). The Bar staff where great at Vesper and the drink menu is fabulous. When we got to our room we found out they had run out of Terrace rooms and give us a city room instead. When I talked to the front desk I was given the run around. My room was never changed and in place of any fair comp they offered a $25 food credit which was not anywhere near the value I should have received. When I complained again they offered a spa day pass when i called to ask about it the spa didn't even have my info and did not allow me to use it. We were also charged for items we shouldn't have been charged for minibar items and Internet. I also found hairs on the floor in our bathroom that were not mine. The shower wasn't cleaned very well. The minibar snacks where all unorganized. Room service didn't provide new glasses and the towels were wrinkly. The remote was sticky and the TV picture quality sucked. Also the one pen on the desk didn't work and the walls looked dirty. the wallpaper behind the tv was coming off the wall and the bathroom walls had marks. My biggest issue was that we did not receive a room with a balcony, bathtub, frig we could use or a microwave. We were told we would have a room with those amenities so we bought food from the store to eat in place of paying high prices for every meal. Well that was a waste. I was really looking forward to taking a bath as I don't have a bath at home and bought bath products for our stay-also a waste. So more than half my time here was horrible. Stay elsewhere and just visit the casino and bars. The pool area is sweet with TVs and foosball.
4	My favorite thing about the hotel is the location since it's smack dab in the middle of the strip as well as that beautiful lounge with all the draping crystals. I enjoy that the hotel is still fairly new and that it doesn't stink like an ashtray like many older ones do. The rooms are nice and modern with an edgy feel. The wall between the shower and the bathroom is glass so you can lift up the curtain and give a peep show. If you don't get a room with a balcony you will at least get a room with a view of the strip and the gorgeous Fountains of Bellagio. They house the BEST buffet on the strip - Wicked Spoon. And some other amazing places to eat too.
4	I don't really like Vegas...but I liked The Cosmopolitan. The good: The lobby is stunning with amazing changing visuals on large pillars.  Fountain view suites are amazing...views, appointments, etc.Beds are super comfortable. Staff is incredibly friendly and helpful. Casino is classy. Marquee is right in your hotel. Location can't be beat. Unfortunately, The Cosmopolitan is not perfect...Minimal towels. I expect more than two in a one bedroom suite. One bathrobe. I'm going to venture a guess that there's usually more than one person staying in a suite. Our room was not available when we arrived. Apparently, they cannot guarantee your room...ever? We had to stay in a standard room on the first night, then pack up our stuff, bring it down to the bell desk, and wait 4 hours for our originally booked suite to be ready. For a hotel of this level, I'd have expected someone to at least arrange for pick up of our luggage and delivery to a new room. That's said, we were given a food/drink credit that helped the frustration slightly. Come 4am, the lobby bar is prostitution central. I've been to Vegas plenty of times and seen my fair share of prostitutes but the Cosmo was different.  A swarm of prostitutes and their pimps invaded the lobby bar. It was so in your face that it was uncomfortable. The four pimps actually had a roster/check list to keep track of who was taken and who wasn't. I'd expect this type of thing to be a little lower key than what we saw...t just seemed super classless.  I mean, a hooker checklist? Come on. All that said, I still rank the Cosmo in at 4 stars, relative to other options on the strip.  They could use a few improvements but overall, worth the money.
3	Was really disappointed when I got here seems like this hotels all hype nothing special average hotel nothing crazy expected way more also rooms were supper small
5	"I Love this hotel!" The ringing quote from our traveling gypsy and blogger Miss Jewel Alexandra.  Feature model for Coastal Beauties this babe shared her journey's with Jewel with us for an inside share on her stay at The Cosmo!The suite's are absolutely amazing!  Great layout, 2 bed rooms, 2 1/2 baths, living room and beautiful views.  This hotel is an event in itself, inside the amazing decor and amenities are to die for.  Check out their pool, bar and hot tub or dine at one of their fantastic restaurants.  Inside the hotel is beautifully bedazzled, jeweled and decorated.  You will get lost in the extremely hypnotizing and comfortable decor!Jewel recommends Holstein's for Brunch, they have the most amazing Bloody Mary's!  If the bloody mary's don't kick your hangover their milkshakes sure will.  They have both alcohol and alcohol free milk shakes!  Try their Ahi, Wings and Fried Pickles for a delicious sampler of appetizers.  Their burgers are amazing, large and definitely worth saving room for!If you get the chance to dine at The Cosmo, be sure to check out STK!  According to our Coastal Beauties Babe Jewel- It is the best dinner she has ever had!  Be sure to try the Tuna Tar Tar or Shell Fish Platter appetizers.  The braised short rib was the best entree of the evening, be sure to pair with your favorite red wine this dish was perfectly prepared and cooked to melt off the bone and in your mouth!Coastal Beauties and Jewel Vote 5 Stars definitely would stay here again and definitely gets the official Coastal Beauties seal..."I love this hotel!"
4	I love this hotel and had a great time at Marquee! I enjoyed the bungalow, but the corkage fee for bringing in your own alcohol is stupid and there's no need for a butler.
4	This is was one of my favorite Vegas hotels so far.  We stayed here for a girls weekend and all seemed to be pleased with our selection.  The lobby and hotel bars/restuarants were really swanky and cool.  A lot like some of the boutique hotels you find in larger cities.  I loved the alternating images that appeared on the pillars in the lobby near check in counters.  Check in was really easy and although there appeared to be a long line, it moved really quickly. There are so many great places to eat in this hotel, which was nice because we could do lunch/dinner in our hotel before heading out on the town.  The Henry was our favorite spot to eat.  We actually ate here twice in a 24 hour period!  Says a lot. The rooms are really spacious and decorated beautifully.  Loved the gorgeous and unique wallpaper in the rooms and in common areas. Our bathroom in our room was huge and was perfect for girls sharing a space.  Great body products also provided by Bigelow.  Lavender & peppermint!! Yes!!The only thing I found odd was there was no drawers for storing clothes you'd want to unpack.  Plenty of storage for dishes and food but none for clothes.  Hmph! A bit inconvenient but not a deal breaker if there was a good deal.  I'd definitely stay again and just plan to hang most of everything I guess.
5	"JUST THE RIGHT AMOUNT OF WRONG" My anticipation to stay at this hotel was off the richter scale. I made a reservation for my 25th birthday knowing that it was not going to disappoint. Driving into the structure you leave the old Las Vegas behind and enter an extremely high class futuristic modern take on the new transformation of the strip. Huge silver metallic letters spelling out COSMOPOLITAN adorn the wall as you enter the valet/drop off. The lobby is a sight to see in itself with huge pillars displaying screens of moving art and fashion. The check in process was a breeze and met with great customer service and smiles. They seemed to truly make sure my birthday was going to be met with satisfaction. He saw that I had previously booked a wraparound balcony suite yet cancelled since I had a smaller group going. I told him I still wanted an amazing view though. He said "let me see what I can do" and left. He then came back and told us we could have a wraparound for 100 more a night. We immediately took him up on that. The room was huge and the balcony, being on the 65th floor, made our jaws drop... and not retract till check out. Large living room, huge full kitchen, oversized master bath and also a guest bathroom. The bed was out of this world and made me sleep in both mornings. The food options here are great. HOLSTEINS was a new take on a burger restaurant with quirky names and ingredient combinations. I had a salmon burger since I'm pescatarian. The burger was "ok" yet I have had much better. I guess that's what I get for eating at a burger themed restaurant when I don't eat red meat. Both my other friends did enjoy their meals though. Before heading to MARQUEE we grabbed a bite from Secret Pizza which is hiding down an unmarked long hallway. The pizza joint looks very new york with no frills and a simple menu. Honestly, some of the best pizza I have ever had. MARQUEE was one of the best clubs I have ever been to, with multi levels and different themed rooms playing different types of music. The main room was a full on party with fog blowing out so much at moments my vision would go white, and the pink and purple metallic confetti raining over the audience. This hotel has remained my favorite yet and I can't wait to go back and stay.
4	Everything was beautiful. Had a few minor issues checking in and when we got to the pent house suite the stereo system wasn't set up and it took them over a half hour to work on it and didn't end up fixing it. If I'm paying over a grand a night I expect perfection. The butlers were all amazing and very helpful! Jenny in the butlers office was wonderful! Carrie who is the manager of setting up pent house suites was very difficult to communicate with and usually Unreachable.
3	Booked a room with balcony..when we arrived there were no balcony rooms left. Put us in a regular room. We were given a credit. Moved us the next day to a balcony suite..which is kind of a hassle to pack up & move. After staying 1st night in suite we left to a meeting & when we returned in evening..room was not cleaned. Manager credited my spa charge at checkout. I found it unusual too when you call spa, room service, front desk..phone rings & rings before someone picks up. The balcony is super neat but in my opinion, the place is too pricey for what you get.
4	+500 points for the inspired genius of Chandelier, a 3-4 story crystal-draped bar which forms the centerpiece of the main casino complex.  Unprecedented masterpiece of extravagant design in the same league as classic Las Vegas magnificence like the original Stardust neon sign (which, in one of its later forms was salvaged from the demolition, and still exists somewhere in the Neon Museum). You would think the vast sparkling draperies must be plastic, for weight and safety reasons. But touch them--they're solid glass.+300 points for GREEN FELT gaming tables - only Paris, Cosmo, and Caesar's have them as far as I know--everywhere else they're beige, brown, purple, maroon... ugh.-200 points for the pervasive, inescapable stench of cigarette and cigar smoke and the presence, at each crowded table, of at least one heavy smoker.  +100 points for soft, padded walls in the halls.
1	I straight up hate this place. Is that enough of a review? No? Okay well let me tell you why I hate this hotel.Arriving at the hotel your hit in the face with the most awful scent ever. My boyfriend described it as "urinal cakes". Yummy.Check in went fine, and we headed up to our room. Well we walk in and the room is boiling hot. Turn on the lights and it looked like someone attacked the shower area. The only covering that makes the shower private was sprayed out across the floor. Looked like an angry bear mauled it.We called down and they sent someone up about 20 mins later. Mind you it's past midnight at this point, we're hungry and tried. As we waited we noticed the tv wasnt working. Well maintenance fixed that, but said the shower cover curtain thing will be held off till morning. They never came to fix it. So good thing I was rooming with the boyfriend otherwise it would have been rather uncomfortable showering with the world to see.Our mini fridge and bar food area was half stocked. That's cool..okay thanks? No hangers, except two that said to enjoy their bathrobes. Those didn't exist!Before heading to bed we ripped the place apart searching for the 'do not disturb' sign. Well it didn't exist. So we called down and said "hey please don't send room cleaning over-we don't want it". Next morning as I'm snoozing away. Some dude parades in and walks all the way to the bed before realizing I'm there. He left right away, but whoa come on!  (Happened three mornings in a row after calling them and saying not to send anyone up).When we did ask for the room cleaning they never restocked our toilet paper (there was also none when we arrived)...thanks! Also we were charged $76 for the room cleaning. That's never happened to us in vegas before.We called down again to have the mini fridge cleared out (not that there was much anyway). Well the lady came she grabbed everything then stocked our stuff carefully above the sensors. LOL! During check out low and behold we were charged for everything the woman took out of the bar. They took it off but what a hassle that was. Btw the restaurants suck here. We tried three and they all sucked. Guys and gals.. Don't stay here. Go to the encore.
5	My favorite place to stay in Vegas.  Rooms are suites with large lanais and great views.  Easy walk to my second favorite hotel
2	I had great experiences at the cosmopolitan hotel in the past but this time it left me thinking if I should ever return. Day 1 - check inThere were not many people in line but the front desk person seems to be in a rush. Did not care to explain where I should go to get to my room, did not offer me a hotel map and his tone of voice was somewhat agitated. What if it was my first time at the hotel, that is just bad experience from the start. Not good!Day 2 - working in the roomI had adjoining room with another co-worker. We were working and had multiple conference calls. No disturb sign was on my door but not my co-worker's. Housekeeping came by multiple times to my co-worker's room and I had to tell her come back later. Each time she insist to clean my room too. But I didn't need it and I told her so. The room was pretty neat and tidy, plus I just did not want my room cleaned. She was pushy and kept insisting on cleaning at least the bathroom. Drove me a little crazy. Day 2 - beeping noise in the room It started after I opened the mini bar. There was a beeping sound that sounded like the smoke detector battery is low. Call the front desk told them about it and they say they will send someone. After an hr no one showed up and I had to leave the room to attend a meeting and dinner. When I got into the room at midnight, I heard the beeping sound again this time more frequent intervals. Called the front desk, told them what happened and the person said I never heard about such feedback before not sure what it is. But if it beeps again call us again. The beeps came every so often and by the time I dial for front desk the beeping sound goes away. So the entire night I got woken up by the beeping sound.When I checked out this morning I wonder to myself if I book my stay in November at cosmopolitan
3	I was so excited to finally stay at the Cosmo. It's such a beautiful hotel & it's in a great location. We were here for Presidents' Day weekend & Valentines, so it was just my boyfriend and I. We had booked outside of Cosmo and the woman who helped me advised that we ask if there were any rooms available with just 1 king bed.CHECKING IN: After some confusion with which line do we stand in, we checked in :) The woman was kind & checked to see if there were rooms available with just 1 bed, for an additional $50/night we were able to upgrade to a terrace studio. After a brief discussion, we declined since we weren't going to be in the room that much anyways. Something to be aware of -- since I booked with an outside company, (which I think a handful of consumers do to get the better rate), i was informed that the resort fee would be covered with the credit card HOLD upon check in. I even clarified this with the woman checking us in, she said yes - it is covered. This does not carry over during the remainder of our trip.ROOM: We get up to our room, it's a city view room. But, we were facing the building and looking down at the tennis courts. Although we had declined the offer for an upgrade, we were going to be in Vegas for 4 days, we wanted to get our moneys worth. I called the room coordinator and requested another room & we got a courtesy upgrade! I wish I could remember the woman who helped me, she was so sweet! We didn't have to go back downstairs, she just told us what room to go to from where we were. Our room was amazing! We were upgraded to a terrace studio with an insane view of the bellagio fountains. It was so beautiful! The terrace studio was an incredible upgrade, we were so happy we called just to request a room switch. It had a living room, kitchenette, japanese soaking tub, and a larger shower. The view alone is worth it! The bed was comfy, i like fluffy pillows!GYM: Boyfriend and I were super excited to check out the gym. We were in the west tower, so we were informed that's where the larger gym is. When we arrived, we were told that we had opted out of the resort fee & had to pay $20/pp to use the gym. The woman who was working the front desk was kind & explained to us that there must have been a miscommunication and that it would be waived. We still had to $40 though to use the gym! Ridiculous. The gym itself was beautiful. All new machines and some state of the art stuff, including a boxing ring! FOOD: The restaurant selection was interesting - what was difficult was in the midst of walking around & wanting something quick, that didn't exist at this hotel. & it seemed as if there was always a line at the restaurants. The choice of restaurants are all impressive & I would have loved to try some of them. Hopefully next time! The concierge desk was very helpful in assisting with booking our valentines dinner. We originally had dinner booked at Encore, but the traffic on the strip was ridiculous bc of special events & we didn't want to leave our side of the strip. Since STK was fully booked, he recommended we try out SHe at Crystals and it was TO DIE! Wicked Spoon is the buffet here --- my favorite buffet on the strip, hands down. =)CLUB/Entertainment: Marquee is housed at Cosmo. We went to the first winter pool party & it was SO FUN! The new dome set up is pretty remarkable. If you're a guest at the hotel, you just give them your key and you have free entry. Ta da! Bruno Mars was at Cosmo the same weekend performing at the Chelsea, so we were able to see him at the After Party at Marquee. Rose.Rabbit.Lie is a new social experiment/club/show.. it was pretty awesome. If you're in the mood for something different and are with a group of people, I'd definitely recommend coming down to Rose Rabbit Lie at Cosmo!HIDDEN Fees: We went downstairs after our work on the first day to figure everything out. The front desk tried to argue with me in saying that we had opted out of paying the resort fee. I explained to them that this was incorrect & that this needed to be corrected. They understood and assured me that the $40 would be credited back to us and we would be charged the hold fees as promised. Upon check out, we noticed the fees & approved them all. When we got back home we checked the damage & did notice that were a few charges we didn't see when we left.  I had to call the accounting office at Cosmo to have it all figured out & she event stated to me, "I'm not sure why you were charged that. Are you sure it's from Cosmopolitan Las Vegas?" I was so confused. After about 15 minutes of assuring her that the bank statement stated Cosmo we were able to figure it out & we were given credit back to our account. Had I had not called - we would have paid for fees we weren't responsible for. Overall - a beautiful room with a beautiful view, beautiful hotel. Some disappointment with the overall experience considering we had to speak to staff regarding all these fees popping up everywhere.
4	I appreciated that the Senior Guest Services Manager reached out to me after I posted a review on my recent stay at the cosmopolitan. She listened and definitely took notes. She even took the time to write an email to apologize for the bad experiences I had during the recent trip and ensure this is communicated to the staff that attended to me. Clearly shows that the cosmopolitan takes their customers' feedback seriously and shows sincerity in redeeming confidence from their customers.I'm very impressed with how they handled my feedback and also how they tracked down my phone number considering my yelp account is not linked to the cell phone and email account used when checking into the hotel. This shows that the hotel is serious about making their hotel successful and known for impeccable service. With that said, I will give the cosmopolitan another try the next time I'm in Vegas. Great job Guest Services!!
2	Awesome hotel to stay at, but HORRIBLEEEE customer service.
5	This was our second time getting an Invited Guest email for two comped nights for a terrace room, and we used it for the two nights leading up to our wedding on Valentines Day.  We had a short wait at check in and were welcomed by Natalia, an incredibly friendly young lady who upon collecting our information exclaimed, "You're getting married?!  Congratulations!"  At first it confused me, but then I remembered I wrote it in the comments section on myreservation- proof that they DO see that section!  She hit a bunch of buttons and with a huge grin says, "I got you a suite!"She nabbed us a wraparound suite with two bathrooms, a kitchen and dining area, a livingroom and 60 feet of terrace that spanned around the corner of the building.  The free upgrade was an incredibly appreciated gesture and made my last sleep as a single woman very memorable.  I got the suite with my bridesmaids the night before the wedding.  :)The newly renovated Bond lounge is on point, the Liberace exhibit is great, and Secret Pizza was as good as it always is at 2am!  See you again soon, Cosmopolitan!
5	What's not to love about the Cosmo?  The service is great, the rooms are chic.  You feel like a baller the moment you walk through the doors.  The Cosmo is the place to go if you wanna see and/or be seen.  If you want to keep it casual, then the Cosmo is not the place.  Tons of restaurants and lots of shopping close by.  Right next to a 24-hour Walgreens for all your basic needs.  The Marquee nightclub is the place to go if you want to do the club scene.  If you stay at the hotel, you get automatically put on the guest list, which is a shorter line, but it's still a $20 cover.   Secret Pizza on the 3rd floor is also the business.  Talk about yum.  No, seriously, talk about it!!The Cosmo is definitely my favorite place to stay in Vegas, when I can afford it!!  Do yourself a favor and splurge when you can.
4	This past October was our second trip to The Cosmo & my husband is a Platinum Elite member. Last time we came, we received an upgrade to a very large suite but this time we were told it would cost $150 extra a night if we wanted the upgrade this time. This didn't make sense to me because the room was obviously available and they didn't charge us last time we requested an upgrade. Apparently they don't offer this perk for Platinum Elite anymore, but oh well. VIP Check-in is worth it so you don't have to wait in long lines. We received a room with a good fountain view, though smaller than I'd hoped for. Terrace Suite was good, clean, and comfortable. They do still offer the Wicked Spoon brunch buffet for two for Platinum, but the drinks are no longer included as they once were. Still, $10 dollar bottomless mimosas or bloody mary's...not too bad!For the gamblers: The dealers here are very friendly - as the security guards are too. I can't tell you how many times I got carded and they asked in an INCREDIBLY polite way. My ID was never demanded, always asked politely if they could please see it. I shouldn't complain for getting carded, but when you hear it 15 times in an hour, you want to hear somebody be polite about it.The Bad:-This entire casino smells like sewage. Am I the only person who thinks this? I'm not sure if it's a combo of the perfumes and central air scent or what, but it's weird.-Service has depleted a bit since our last visit a year ago.Honestly, I'll keep coming back here since we don't have to pay anything, but had we paid, i would have expected higher service levels than we received this time.
3	Dear COSMO:Your valet guys are freaking awesome! They deserve a bonus, Never had better service than the Cosmo when it comes to that. Extremely fast and friendly. Really enthusiastic about their jobs and it shows. They were the only ones that kept wishing me a happy birthday ;)Casino staff is better than most resorts too IMO. Stayed up late gambling and had a really really nice time with the dealers. Usually late at night you will get the poker face dealers that do not want to interact with you but this time was amazing. Really enthusiastic and positive dealers that kept me at the table gambling longer than I wanted to stay. That was awesome! hehe :PHousekeeping was fantastic. I mentioned that you get what you pay for. So don't even dare to complaint about house keeping if you don't TIP. You get what you pay for.Leave a good tip ( 5 - 10 ) for the house keeping and your room will be shining upon your returnNOW time to be a little bitch and complaint :)When you check in on your birthday you kind of expect to get hooked up because this is Vegas and you are a loyal customer and you stay at this hotel about 4 - 6 times a year because you are a proud Identity Member and you don't want no Gracie  or Mlife cards in your wallet....You support them hence they should support you....right?Apparently NOT @ the Cosmo....! No happy birthday to me! There is nothing we can do for you I was told. I had to pay for a room upgrade which was kind of weird because I always tip the front desk and they always hook it up with either a view or move me to a better room. But not on my Birthday LOL. On your Birthday you pay more!! LOL. O_oYou get one day out of the whole year to secure me as a customer for life and you do this?!?!?!( Especially after reading all of the other reviewers that got upgraded for pretty much any occasion there is.)Sad, sad, sad to see that loyalty means nothing to this hotel...:E - 2 Stars from my previous review :(And they just upgraded my membership status too...LOLAaaaand ( drum roll )  the cherry on the top:-1 for all the stained  pillows on the balcony. Sad, sad, sad really wish I could keep the 5 stars going...:F~ I would really love to see some feedback...Coming back June 3rd. Lets see if the rating goes down or up :-)
4	Why do I do this to myself...I stayed at the Cosmo only once and that's like a month or two when it first opened. My mom still has the 30% of for that next stay but they jacked up the price now...I got it for like $150 with $50 resort credit so I spent it on Wicked Spoon downstairs. The rooms were spacious. It's like it could have been a studio or something with a kitchen! There was like big empty space that I could probably fit another bed in and we had double beds!!! They said that it was a condo turned into a hotel when the housing market declined so makes sense but all that space..put something in it.The only reason why I can't give this a 5 star is because the reason why my mom got the 30% off for next stay. When we were checking out. It took about 30-45 minutes just to get downstairs from our level. I would have walked down but that was like 20 flights of stairs. We were going to check out at 11 but ended up checking out at 12 because everyone and their mama's were checking out. It felt like they had 2 elevators working and it all was full. We tried going up and then down but people had the same freaking idea. And the line to check out was full as well. The moral of the story is to check out on the TV and leave when not everybody else is leaving. I'm sure they probably have figured it out by now, but I just had to give my two cents.
4	We stayed in the 2 bedroom city suite last year. It was a spacious suite with luxurious amenities and a spectacular city view. I love the chic and glamorous crystal chandelier decor everywhere around the casino and bars!We received VIP service at Marquee, which I recommend everyone checking out at least once. When you stay here, definitely take advantage since you can move right to the front of the line and with no cover charge.Their spa was nice as well, check it out if you have the time to unwind. Overall, our stay was great and we would recommend it to others, but we are going to continue trying new hotels on the strip before we repeat our stay here!
4	The funnest hotel ever!Ahh what can I say about Cosmo that haven't been said? Cosmo is stunning with more stunning places inside. Amazing rooms-check!Chandelier bar- check!Best day club ever @ Marquee day club??- check check check!!I've stayed here several times in the past few years for bachelorettes and girls trips. We had the best penthouse rooms. Everything is so pretty and when you are on girls trips, esthetic is pretty important. It also helps when the temperature is 100 degrees plus outside. Restaurants are a ok though but you are in Vegas. Go across the street to Aria or next door to Bellagio for food. But for the pretty rooms and young crowds, you just have to be here. Not to mention the best pool parties!! Fun all around.
5	THE BEST PLACE TO STAY SO FAR FOR ME!!! Loving the Balcony and the strip view! The staff was friendly and the room was so spacious!! OMG it was amazing. I practically  lived better than a person in San Francisco living in a studio!HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!!
4	The Cosmopolitan houses some of the best restaurants in Las Vegas. Hands down. It is perfectly centrally located, and you can get almost anywhere with ease. The aesthetic is ultra glam chic, and there are oodles of chandeliers dripping with crystals everywhere you look. Jaleo, China Poblano, and e' are some of my absolute favorite restaurants. Can you tell I am obsessed with Jose' Andres? You can wander around the shops, grab a salt air margarita from China Poblano to go, and get lost in all the passageways. It's truly a fantastic experience!
5	I've been spoiled. Damn this place is definitely for a celeb like myself lol. The Moment I stepped in this joint, I fell in love. Room was on the 39th floor. View was beautiful from the patio and the tub. Dined at Holsteins. Had a palette salivating burger. That meat between  those buns was Hella good! The Price is Right slots were good to me baby. The drinks they give you while playing, are coming to you in a nice size glass honey. Thank you. I can't stand when I usually get a shot of Cabernet instead of a glass. I got a glass :-) Didn't wanna leave but had to. Came back home for one day and went back to vegas. Guess where I started again, you Damn right. The Cosmopolitan
5	This is our first stay at the Cosmopolitan and we love it. The staff is terrific and they provide service that comes across as very personal. The view from our room overlooking the Bellagio fountain and the strip is fabulous and we love the balcony. This is just our second day, but so far we are definitely planning future stays here.
5	Everything about this hotel is awesome!!!!  The food, the hidden pizza place at night, the service, the view from our room, people watching, and best of all the location.  I will definitely be back!!!!!  I didnt want to leave.
5	Wow, this is a gorgeous hotel and the best place I've stayed at in Vegas.  The rooms are very spacious and comfortable.  Shoot,  the shower could be a room in itself!  You could fit ten people in there and I'm sure people do!  This is Vegas afterall. The view from our room was amazing.  You could see all of the strip. We watched the water show at the Bellagio from the comforts of our balcony.  The only thing that frustrated me was everything from lighting to room temperature was remote controlled.  Maybe I'm just technologically inept.The restaurants in the hotel are excellent as well.  I won't go into details on those because they are a whole separate review but the burgers at Holsteins are a must do if you enjoy a good burger.  And although Blue Ribbon Sushi is mostly Asain cuisine,  the fried chicken and waffles is finger lickin good!
3	We stayed at the cosmopolitan 2/26/14. Upon checking in I realized there had been a miscommunication on part of the hotel. No big deal but after bringing this to her attention, Wendy our front desk agent seemed to careless. She then tried rushing me along when I inquired about the hotel fees. So this was our first impression. Later other hotel staff we encountered throughout the casino, restaurants, stores, and shuttle were much more pleasant. The hotel has a great ambiance and is beautifully decorated even down to the sexy see-through showers...very clean and well ventilated as well (non-smokers really do appreciate). After arriving in our room we found our tv didn't work and had to wait a while for repairs (over 1hr) as well as with the safe the next morning. Again not a big deal but time costly. Lastly there was an extra charge for incidentals which I had to dispute. No problem except the customer service rep seemed a little hesitant to refund and assured me they would have to investigate with service staff before refunding. It wasn't until I sort of explained our overall experience that she refunded me. Which honestly by this time was pretty off-putting after all of the other little mishaps. We had a great experience because we made the best of our time. We made it a great time. Not sure if I would book again though.
3	A lot of stores, bars and restaurant options. Cool interior, well-appointed rooms, exquisite tubs and showers and location on the strip. However, although I understand pricing in Vegas, I disagree alcoholic drinks should cost $18. Not for me.
5	Fantastic location on the Strip. Wonderful staff. Got an upgrade on arrival. Amazing rooms with great views. Cannot wait to get back to Vegas!
5	Recently in town for three days attending a work convention also inside the Cosmo.  I was blown away from the room as I walked in.  Large living area/office with small half kitchen (fridge, microwave, and wet bar).  Toward the back was a closed off room for the bedroom and onto the large balcony complete with balcony furniture.  The bathroom was a huge highlight, easier larger than the bedroom itself.  Large walk-in shower than continued into a jacuzzi tub with a huge window overlooking Las Vegas.  Don't worry the glass has a mirror coating, you can enjoy that shower/bath without closing the blinds, at least I did!  Separate room for the toilet.There are big flat screen TVs in both the living area and bedroom.  The office desk had tons of power and connectivity options including HDMI for the office TV which was nice.For me the true test is the bed and pillows.  I'm extremely picking as back home I've spend thousands on quality bedding.  I must say the mattress was very comfortable and the pillows were to my liking.  I got a great sleep with no back issues the following morning.Overall I was extremely impressed and will be staying at the Cosmo again!
5	This hotel was amazing. By far the best hotel I have stayed in in Vegas. The decor is phenomenal, the customer service was excellent, the housekeeper did an amazing job. Our suite overlooked the Bellagio and Paris, making for a phenomenal view. The hotel is also in an excellent location on the strip. I would absolutely recommend this hotel to anyone coming to Vegas!
3	"So what are we going to do? Sit around bars, sipping Cosmos and sleeping with strangers when we're eighty?" -- Sex and the City (TV Series)So for this, I'm reviewing the casino and not the hotel accommodations since I didn't stay here. Not too bad, but not my favorite on the strip. It seems so upscale when you walk in (upstairs from the strip and you come down an escalator to the casino). The ceiling is draped in jewels and the place is decorated in vintage photos and giant shoes that you can climb into and have someone snap a pic of you.  Once you hit the casino though, it seems dark and sort of cramped.I will say, the coolest feature is these old time cigarette machines everywhere.  However, they are stocked with cigarette sized boxes with limited edition art pieces. Random pieces made by artists I've never heard of, but so very creative to retask old machines into something new.The machines were all slots everywhere. They did have an Organic Roulette machine, but the drink gals were slow and seemed less than happy to serve the 8 people playing on it. Very disappointing. After some time we decided that there were better casinos and off we went / plus the drinks were stronger elsewhere.The bathrooms were huge, and spotless. Always a plus.
4	Nice price but a bit expensive.  Room was great with good view of fountains. The staff was friendly and helpful
4	I love this hotel, normally stay here when I am in Las Vegas, great location, great views of the strip, the location is very central and easy to walk to anything.
5	I'm a regular here. A Cosmo-holic if you will. Ten trips in a single year, and many more to come I'm sure.From the moment you're dropped off into the lobby, you know that you're in for a real treat. People like Kristin, who works at the front desk, simply incredible. Accommodating, polite, and beautiful. She has helped me to get into my preferred tower, and will go above and beyond to make sure that your stay is perfect.The rooms are nothing short of spectacular. Private balconies on the Las Vegas strip, who knew? Literally worth every penny. Fully stocked refrigerators, full kitchens, big bedrooms, and heavenly beds oh my! But nothing, nothing compares to those wraparound suites. Something like 400sqft of your own private Lanai. Nothing compares.Having never used the Cosmo for business purposes, my trips on the elevator almost always end at either the first or second floor--for gambling, or for Wicked Spoon. The Wall Street Journal did a bit on how Wicked Spoon, a Las Vegas buffet, could be "the best restaurant in America." Good god, it actually might be, this place is unreal. Perfect service, perfect chefs, perfect meals, perfect ambience. The TV screens on the walls display information ranging from the definition of gnocchi to the pranks the chefs play on newcomers to the back of the house. Very fun, very good, very Cosmo.By the time you get back downstairs to gamble, you should already be on cloud 9. But then you meet people like Maria, the blackjack dealer who works the morning shift late in the week, and your experience gets that much sweeter. Kind, thoughtful, and appreciative. Happy to have players at her table, and even happier to make sure that they're taken care of should they need anything. I took a four-month break from Vegas last year, only to return to Maria, who not only remembered me by name, but asked specifically how my business was doing, remembering intimate details from the last time I'd gambled there. Competitor casinos, are you listening? THIS is customer service.While I've stayed at many Vegas properties, both on-strip and off, many five-star and world-class and yada yada yada properties... Nothing quite compares to the Cosmopolitan Las Vegas experience. 24-hour room service, the best nightclub in the country, incredible ambience and decor, breathtaking views... But most of all, the best people in the industry I've ever met. Keep doing your thing Cosmopolitan, and I'll keep coming back for more.
4	Beautiful casino, but no poker room.  No poker room? No thanks.
5	This place is GREAT. People are friendly and very courteous, the room service I like so much, room is super clean and fresh every time I leave and come back. Not sure about the casino though.
3	Being chic can be elegant. However, being chic can also be tacky. But being simply elegant can be eternally beautiful. Unfortunately, the Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas is of the middle. We stayed here for our best friend's bachelor party. Upon entering the lobby, you are greeted with tall pillars of flat screen TV that boasts different wallpaper designs thought the day. Okay, that is pretty cool. Upon entering our City Room, the 'chicness' abound every facet of the room. The flat screen TV is surrounded by a circular raised panel, odd wall paper designs, a peeping tom shower, and so on...Okay first things first: one of the sink is clogged, and both bedside lamps aren't working. Not too good for a fairly new hotel. Also the hi-tech switches stopped when you get to the loo where you get a tradition light switch. For me that shouts aloud for being discontinuous. Being chic is that main theme of Cosmo. But in my humble opinion, their chicness is very convoluted and disjointed. Their theme may be hip to most in 2014 but would it still fly in 2024? I would think they would have to continually renovate to keep up with the latest trends. Whereas Bellagio, Encore, or Palazzo for example, are simply elegant.  All they have to do is continue upkeep and they will remain beautiful, as aforementioned. However, The Cosmo being at the heart of the strip, is undeniable. Plus the fact that they have the most awesome valet service and crew, The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas evens out at 3 stars.
5	Is it pricey? Yes! But who cares? When you come to Vegas you go big or you go HOME! The lobby is gorgeous, casino was awesome, immaculate view of the bellagio fountain, LOVED it!!  My room has a shower in the middle so some can watch you shower, awesome. The pools are super fun, great restaurants, very clean, going again in May!
5	This hotel is by far one of my favorite from any of the places I've traveled. It was modern, chic, and yet comfortable. You felt a part of the crowd and the party while you were in the perspective areas, but as soon as you went to your room it was just serene. No noise complaints from this sensitive sleeper! The shower and Japanese soaking tub were a wonderful surprise! My only issue would be to be CAREFUL of the tile coming out of the shower... it is tile and there is no texture to it. I slipped my first night, luckily it wasn't too bad...
5	I have stayed at various hotels in Las Vegas - Excalibur, Monte Carlo, Luxor, Flamingo, Circus Circus, Tropicana, and Stratosphere when I was younger; more recently the Aria as I have evolved into a more mature vacationer. This place was our hotel in a recent stay this week. The room was amazing - we had 69th floor with a north facing terrace. We had a view of the Bellagio fountains, the Paris, all the way up the strip, with even views of the Mirage volcano at night. Our room was flawlessly clean, the housekeeping staff obviously took pride in their work. The staff was extremely helpful and friendly. Our front desk agent - Will - walked out from behind the desk to greet us and shake our hands and welcome us with a very warm apoproach and smile. We had some trouble understanding how to use a feature of our players card on a slot machine and the agent at the Identity club desk came out from behind the desk, took us to a slot machine of our choice, and walked us through the interface on the machine. We had a great breakfast at the Wicked Spoon, and ended up going to Secret Pizza two times, we liked it so much the first time.In summary - despite my experience with other hotels in Las Vegas, this will be our hotel for the foreseeable feature, they wowed us at every opportunity.
5	i recently went in january for my bachelorette party and again for my honeymoon in march.i am so in love with their customer service it's not even funny. everytime i went my rooms got upgraded.. they actually upgraded my honeymoon "one bdrm suite" to a lanai suite which was fucking awesome. we had our own jacuzzi and it was just so.. nice...just want to say thank you teresa and the front desk agent (her name started with a B..) for making our trips so worth it.we will be visiting again... possibly in july ;)
1	F#%$ this noise. I take clean over fancy anytime. The beds were NASTY-no mattress cover- did not use fitted sheets. Had a naked down comforter (no duvet) with stains. This one was the icing-After a hot clean shower I go to put on the robe they provide. As I start getting ready I notice something in my pocket--------I find disgusting DIRTY g-string panty in my robe pocket. I don't think I'll be staying here. The hotel is  beautiful, hip, trendy, and yes a great day club and night club but when I'm paying $$$$  to stay here-please keep up the quality. Starting with the rooms first and then move on to the disgusting carpeting around the halls.
2	RUN FOR YOUR LIFE!!!!!!!The good stuff:Brilliant art installation in the lobby, even though it stopped working a few days after I arrived Beautiful room and a secluded pool called the Bamboo. On with the bad stuff:My room and those of others in my party had bathtub poltergeists that would cause a single jet or two to go off in the night. Not making this up. And it was LOUD. The nitwit that checked me in never bothered to activate my key cards. So I sat in a sweaty puddle of exhausted traveler in the hallway for 30 mins before someone let us in and then it was still somehow our responsibility to go down stairs and get it all sorted. The only person who was actually helpful during this whole ordeal was the housekeeper who rang down for someone to come let us in. It was truly miserable.Let's see...it was overpriced--I'm sorry, but you can't charge that much for a hotel just because you're next to the Bellagio!!! And at least the Bellagio understand that there are certain times of day when you lower your table minimums. The Cosmo had $25 blackjack at 11 AM on a Sunday. And many of the other guests strongly resembled the cast of the Jersey Shore. Just FYI.
5	I am not a huge fan of hotels and casinos, but this is by far one of my favourites. It's modern, stylish, fun, and eclectic. They have fantastic bands, performances, many different restaurants from a casual pizza place to a beautiful Greek and seafood place. They have the most relaxing and amazing spa suites. Just make sure leave enough time to deal with the driveway traffic if you're driving to the hotel.
3	Very trendy upscale modern hotel which draws a very trendy hip  crowd.  If you are looking for a quiet room, then this hotel is NOT for you.  The walls are paper thin and I could hear our neighbors music and voices even when I know they weren't being very loud.  The doors are heavy and slam shut so was woken up whenever anyone was arriving or leaving their rooms.  We were on the 42nd floor facing The Bellagio could hear all the street noise and even the fountains.  Last time I stayed at The Bellagio and faced the fountains and couldn't hear a thing.  The rooms are very comfortable and spacious.   The lighting system was confusing, the main switch turns all the lights on and off.  We could not figure out how to turn on the bedside lamp even though there was a switch for it, so we had to either have all the lights on or off and could not control them by the bed..  I would only recommend this hotel if you want to spend the money and hang out with the young trendy Vegas crowd and plan to stay up all night and party, otherwise you won't sleep.
5	First time staying at the Cosmopolitan, absolutely loved it! Gorgeous suites with balconies overlooking the Bellagio fountains and Strip. One of the only resorts with balconies in Vegas. Great service throughout the hotel, extremely friendly and helpful staff willing to go out of their way in the interest of good service. Wonderful food at the Milos Greek restaurant -- most unusual and delicious imported fish selection. China Poblano -- fantastic Mexican/Asian fusion menu in a casual setting. Must try the margarita with frothed salt on top. Lovely buffet at the Wicked Spoon. Caught the Midnight show at Rose.Rabbit.Lie -- quite a nice burlesque style show with incredible talent. Very cool vibe at the Boulevard Pool on the rooftop. A must visit for a warm weather day. Would highly recommend this hotel for a visit to Vegas!
4	Beautiful. I'm talking like Liberace's-bedazzler-threw-up-in here, beautiful. Well, his blinged-out ride landed there.I will qualify this review, as we did not stay here, but we played here. Our friends stayed here, so we checked out their rooms. I have to say I was a bit jealous of the beautiful view of the Bellagio lake, and I'm fond of C.O. Bigelow products. But, I had to laugh when they showed us the peep-show shower. Yep, an involuntary peep-show that is controlled from the outer wall of the shower. I'm sure all of the boys who shared this room... didn't shower all weekend.The chandelier bar was very sparkly. I'd hate to be the person who has to feather-dust it every day. This bar turned out to be a pretty decent spot in which to watch the last Super Bowl. Too bad the last Super Bore was such a dud. Secret Pizza is also hidden away in this hotel, and it was a life saver. We were able to order whole pizzas (or by the slice) and bring em down to the sparkly bar while watching the game. Unfortunately, I didn't find out about this pizza until I already spent $15 on 3 tiny street tacos from China Poblano on the 2nd floor. Next time, I'd probably stay here - good location on the strip, peek-a-boo shower fun, and secret pizza.
2	Nice lobby.. You better bring your own drawers because they did not have them here.. I have to leave my under clothes in my suitcase.. When we arrived to our room, the bathroom was dirty. Beer bottles in the trash can, towels on the floor, bathroom counter was not clean, soap had been used and the bathroom toilet had urine inside. The living room had beer bottle caps sitting on the table. The iron was sitting in the night stand. They gave us a room that was never cleaned. There was long hair all in the bed and on the pillows. East tower 36floor. Missed dinner waiting for them to clean the room. Hour later, the house keeping lady said they don't have any towels. Still no shower after a long day.. Bad experience..
5	Haven't stayed at any other hotel since Cosmo opened. Must get a wrap around suite with a strip/fountain view to really enjoy the balcony. It's a very lively hotel/casino so if your going to complain about noise and all that, stay somewhere else.
4	Hands down the BEST hotel we've stayed at in Vegas. We were in the Terrace Suite overlooking the Bellagio Fountains. The staff was very friendly. Will, was the guy who checked us in, and gave us great service. Only two cons: a little mishap with the keys not being activated and probably the biggest con is how long the elevators take to go up to your room or to go down to the lobby. That's the only reason this place got 4 stars. We definitely will be staying here again!
4	We were in a junior suite for a girls weekend.   Room and cost were awesome.   Staff gave exceptional service.   Hotel was In the heart of everything.  Only downer was the slow room service, due to the hotel being so full.   Also people next door were loud!  No sound proof walls here.   But hey it's VEGAS!!!!!   Sleep when you get home!
1	Great place to stay but as far as playing here this is not the place to play never have I seen anyone win here but to stay its a very nice place the rates are up there might need to bring out the savings
4	I honestly couldn't be happier with my experience at this casino.  It was clean and classy on the inside.  The restaurants were great (see reviews for Wicked Spoon and China Poblano), the shops kept my wife's attention, and the decor was great.I will redo my review when I stay in the casino's  hotel.My only complaint was that roulette had a 0 and 00, further the $5 black jack paid a 6/5 for a black jack.... cmon
5	First time here as a hotel guest. Ive come alot for the Chandelier Bar which is amazing just to even look at! As soon as we stood in line at the front desk we were offered a bottle of water with a smile!!The check in agent was efficient and friendly. We were early for check in and didnt know if we would be able to get a room. The agent was able to get us in right away which was awesome because we were only there for one night and wanted to enjoy as much as we could. The room was amazing! The view with balcony, sap tub,and beautiful decor!! I wish we had stayed at the Cosmopolitan our whole honeymoon rather than the Wyndham. Being such a busy and large hotel every staff member that we had encounter with was friendly and helpful. I would love to come back to the Cosmo if I find a good deal online or something
5	Very nice hotel, great rooms and nicely located on the strip right in the middle if everything.
5	I stayed here twice last year, once in a queen room and once in a king suite. They were both very nice rooms, but I prefer the king suite because it was more spacious and included a terrace. The staff at this hotel was very friendly and helpful, from the front desk & restaurants, to the gifts shops, I had nothing but great experiences. The food at wicked spoon was delicious and so were the shakes at holsteins! Of course the pizza at "secret pizza" is always delicious too and always fun to feel like your in on a little foodie secret when you walk down that little unmarked hallway to what was once a storage room and now turned into a tiny but wonderful pizza creation cocoon.
1	First and last time here. Always stay in true first class resorts and was thoroughly disappointed in this one. We booked a terrace suite with a king bed for my wife and I and because they oversold the resort they downgraded us to a regular room with two beds. They said we can upgrade for 125 per night to get what we booked. Totally unhelpful person at the desk who couldn't care less. If you are coming to Vegas there is no guarantee your reservation will be honored. And the management does not care.
1	The worst experience ever!!! We booked terrace suit w / king bed and because they oversold the hotel we end up getting smaller , regular room w/ 2 beds. I've never heard that anybody is being downgraded because of hotel's mistake. Second dissopointment in the first hour of stay was valet which was very casual and it took them more than 10 minutes to get our car. Because of terrible service and irresponsible staff we were late to very important dinner.  Never will come back!
5	I decided to spend my 30th birthday in Vegas and had my heart set on the Cosmopolitan hotel.  First, I suggest calling to make a reservation rather than doing it online.  The reservations staff will inform you of any specials- for example, I got 20% off my room rate because I was a first time guest! I'll take it.  I arrived at the hotel, and the bell boys (er, men) asked if they could take my bags.  I declined their offer, and went to stand in the check-in line.  The wait wasn't too terrible, and the person behind the desk left their station to walk up to us and greet us.  I told the staff 'It's my birthday!' (I blame the champagne from the limo ride over) and he found a better room for me, for no extra charge!  56th floor corner suite, with TWO bathrooms, one with a Japanese soaking tub, with a LARGE balcony (with two loveseats, one on each side) and a more than EPIC view of the Las Vegas strip, including the Bellagio fountains.  I always felt safe, and always saw security guards patrolling the hallways.  The casino and restaurants are beautifully designed.  The staff is professional and friendly.  On my actual birthday, they sent up a bottle of champagne with a card that said 'Happy 30th!' I loved my stay, and I never want to stay in any other hotel on the strip besides the Cosmo!  I was definitely spoiled and I will be back! :)
1	Never again. It looks cool on the surface, but when you actually have to stay here for a few days you realize its just not a good hotel. There are far better options in Vegas for the same if not less money.By far and away the worst problem in this hotel are the elevators. The card key access to all of the floors is a joke. It does not work half of the time, and you end up overshooting your floor as you bang away trying to get your card key to work. It wasn't just my key, every single time up the elevator I would see people having the same problem as me. . It's a nightmare. The rooms were not much better. I had a room with a couch and a king size bed, so not a low end room. In my room half of the fixtures & appliances had some sort of problem. For some of the lights the switch is just didn't work. The television set was hung with a noticeable tilt. Stains on the carpet and on the ledge. The battery in the safe died one night as I was preparing to leave, necessitating a 20 minute wait for maintenance. One night they did not change out all of the towels.If you are thinking about staying here, don't. Stay across the way at Aria, or next door at Bellagio. Not only are they better hotels but they have monorail service which is a plus.
1	Your seizure inducing commercial is LITERALLY one of the most annoying things to come on the TV, so much so that I had a sudden urge to pummel the idiot who made it in the face, upon realizing that is probably impossible, I actually took the time to turn on my computer, log onto yelp, and write this review, THAT is how irritating your commercial is.
4	We had a great experience here this week. The restaurants, night life, pools and gaming is top notch.  Our room had a balcony view of the Bellagio 's fountains and a view of the strip.  Nice.I really liked the video displays on the lobby columns and in the elevators.
5	I came for a concert at The Chelsea last night here at the Cosmopolitan, upon arrival there were issues with our tickets. The manager present, who I believe was named Megan, deserves the 5 stars I'm giving this review. She handled our situation with the highest level of customer service. The entire team she had there was very accommodating. The venue itself was perfect. We ended up staying at the Cosmopolitan, it is a place of class, glamour and quality. I will definitely be booking my next stay here every visit. Thank you Cosmo for choosing the best people to work for you, that can always make a difference.
4	Great new hotel on the strip. I can't speak for the rooms, but we were in the casino and Chandelier Bar. The bar is a must see if your ever in Vegas. The chandelier is multi stories high with bars on all stories. It feels like your drinking inside of a chandelier. Drink prices are reasonable and the gambling is decent.
5	Amazing. Stayed on 29yh floor east tower. A little loud, but it's Vegas. Great location. Boulevard pool is awesome. Secret pizza delish! Love it all and will be back.
1	I was really excited about this place especially since it's one of the cooler hotels on the strip. It was a free room too. When I got to the room it looked amazing... Then I spotted a wet stain on the floor. Then on one of the beds there was some hairs... WtfI have never been so grossed out with a hotel on the strip and this is one of the newest ones. Really? Really tho? I called the front desk and they understood that it was unexceptable, but all they could give us was a $75 credit for food and drink... I guess... But I had to ask for that credit... If not they weren't going to do shit. Really disappointed... The outside was great... The inside was pretty whack. I wouldn't go back... Should have taken the free room at the Wynn
3	My wife and I checked out the blackjack while we were in Vegas for our birthdays. We found a great $10 table with a fantastic and friendly dealer. It was great until the table minimum was raised to $25 and we were up a measly $100. A troll or shill sat down next to us coming in and out every hand, betting at the last minute, trying to "trap" us into making larger bets while he was betting inconsistently. Think I'm paranoid? As soon as we got up to go to another table, he left and our blackjack buddies came and brought us back. What is it, 1980? We dropped $100 a person in the restaurant and $50 a person in the (awesome) Chandelier bar. So lame.
4	Gorgeous hotel with lots of places to sit, schmooze, booze and peruse. We did a small bit of gambling, ate at the Wicked Spoon, enjoyed the ambiance and loved the retro feel. The shopping was disappointing-nothing that excited either of us but there are some other restaurants we will try and possibly spend a night or few here for something special.
4	My "bros" and I recently stayed here for a bachelor party.  I must say that this was the RIGHT choice.  Only so often in my life do I have the absolute bliss of knowing that after all the analysis, I ended up making the correct choice in every way.  There were 5 of us; we got two adjoining rooms each with 2 queen beds and views of the Bellagio fountains and the strip.  The rooms were totally comfortable enough for 5 people (and one night a few more, but that's a different story).  The hotel has some great restaurants, great clubs (Marquee is fantastic), and an epic location.  Sorry to put too fine a point on it, but there were absolutely beautiful, elegant, wonderful, amazing women, EVERYWHERE.  Hardly anywhere else in Vegas did we find such a dense preponderance of beautiful women.  As a pack of heterosexual men, this was important; and even though most of us weren't looking to "score", it invited the opportunity to meet some great people in a more casual way.  I do wish that there were some lower stake tables to kill some time gabling, however.  I'll leave the reviews for Cosmo related venues to other Yelp locations.  But to summarize, the places in Cosmo I recommend are: Marquee, The Wicked Spoon, and that little lounge by the check-in area - the guy there made Long Island Ice Tea that scream perfection.
3	Like all the strip hotels I found the Cosmo overpriced and overly large.  The rooms are nice, ours had a sitting area along with a full tub and huge shower.  There was a microwave, bar sink, minibar/fridge and a dishwasher (wtf??).  So the fridge is a minibar so you can't put anything of yours in it, so what's the point if having a microwave to warm up what??  There are no dishes, so what's the point of a dishwasher??The pools were overcrowded and small, and all they play is dance music so unless that's your thing. The cheapest casino table gambling I saw was 15$ a hand, thanks but no thanks. Overall it's a nice new mega resort/hotel that's expensive.
4	Need a tesla HPWC in valet. Don't wait for tesla to buy you one. You are a casino, you make lots of money. You can afford to buy 4 of them. That's how you bring in customers.
5	Charles is the man!!!!! Seriously, great first impression!!! Charles pretty much set the tone of our weekend!! You rock dude!! We got a Great room with a terrace, that made it soooo much better. The view & the fresh air of balcony was awesome. The customer service is on point here; from valet to room service, it is done right. Ill so 100% come here again.
4	A high-end, stylish hotel where people dress up to the 9's (some with just some crazy, outlandish outfits) just to walk around the lobby, and there is plenty of good people watching.  Service was good, room cleaning was great, restrooms were clean, I didn't smell cigarettes so heavily by the machines and tables, and I couldn't smell it all on the 2nd floor and on up so they have good air circulation and filtration.  Our room was fine for our party of 4, and we had a beautiful view of the Strip and the Bellagio waterworks.  I don't ge the see-through shower and the open air 'no privacy' restroom.  I did like the double sinks and plenty of counter space, toiletries and towels though.  The dull lighting makes it a little challenging to get ready and put on make-up, but that could be dealt with.  Taxis are easy to get at the hotel front.  The Wicked Spoon was decent for dinner and breakfast (you can get buffet to go too!), China Pablano was a hit with us, we had a blast at Marquee and thoroughly enjoyed the spa - awww!  :)  There is a little cafe on the 1st floor that serves decent cafe and there is a convenience store too where you can pick up water, etc. Overall, a good, fun hotel and with everything you need under one roof!  One day we literally did not see daylight until 6PM!  I can't wait to come back to Cosmopolitan!
5	For the last many yrs visiting vegas, Wynn was my favor since they opened. I had there at Wynn most of the times and few times in other hotel in the strip. So this time I got to stay in one of the newest hotel, cosmopolitan. Let me tell u, I love the hotel so much. The Terrance suites at 40 floors with view of the strip! Awesome!!! The hot tube in the room with view of the strip!!! Unbelievable and relax! Nice n clean room and big!! Friendly staffs, good buffet but little pricy. Oh... Don't forget to see the live band at night in the main lobby bar!  Now cosmopolitan just earn my favor hotel in Las Vegas
5	After a mishap with hotels.com booking our hotel for the wrong dates and providing terrible customer service, we were left frustrated and without a room at midnight. The Cosmopolitan was extremely accommodating and a supervisor, Maylea, made sure we had a room for the weekend. It was even upgraded to a terrace suite on the 57th floor with a breathtaking view of the strip. The Cosmopolitan took the time to call Hotels.com to notify that a refund had been made to them for the wrong date reservation.The hotel was absolutely beautiful and the staff went above and beyond to make sure we were taken care of. In the future, I will book my room straight through the hotel. Customer service is worth the little bit of extra money! Thanks to the The Cosmopolitan for making our trip one we will remember!
5	The perfect place for a quick Vegas getaway.  Decor/vibe The decor is Great Gatsby meets a modern sleek and chic aesthetic. You can see the 1920's inspiration in the lobby bar, antique phones and stylistic patterns which is discrete between the gigantic led displays, glittering fixtures and interesting shiny objects. Like most things in Vegas it's one bedazzle away from a tacky Liberace nightmare but The Comsopolitan pulls it off making for a hip, fun and very chic vibe. It's perfect for an upscale but party-focused vacation. The Rooms**tip**. The rooms facing the pool on the east side tower provide for a perfect viewing spot for concerts. From our 22nd floor balcony with had a perfect view of Haim. Even better we got to watch them rehearse which was like a free private show! This was all of our favorite feature of the hotel and the trip. The rooms themselves are of average size and decorated in an eccentric but chic fashion. The bathroom was very cool with a view outside the hotel and a hot tub and large shower. This being said the bathroom is not ideal for groups of women getting ready as the counter space is limited and there is a only a glass door separating the shower from the sink area. Full length mirrors are outside the bathroom so your can get ready in that area. ServiceThe service was impeccable. We got a free room upgrade and checking in was a breeze. They brought up several items requested with no fees. Even better upon checkout there were some incorrect minibar charges as we rearranged the fridge. It took less than 2 minutes for me to get the charges removed and checked out. PoolThis is the most disappointing feature of the hotel. The first pool on the westside was insanely packed. The larger pool, restricted to guests was also quite busy and we had a hard time finding 3 spots even on a weekday. The look is very chic and modern and unlike other Vegas pools I saw no women in bikinis and heels (who does that?) and no super obnoxious bro-fests. The cool in water lounge chairs were a wonderful novelty.FoodWe had lunch at the Henry which had unreal sandwiches, literally one of the best Rubens ever. We had dinner at Scarpetta which was pretty good but I'm sure there are better in Vegas.  While I didn't get to eat at Jose Andres restaurants here, I love the Jaleo outpost in DC and his very upscale lounge barmini had the best drinks/snacks of my life so I'm sure e would be insanely delicious.  While we stayed for a very short time I felt we got all the glitz, glamour, sun and entertainment we needed without any of the drawbacks of Vegas.
3	My husband brought me here for a surprise anniversary trip. We normally stay at the Wynn or Encore. Why does it seem every employee we have encountered have a chip on their shoulder? We arrived to a roll away in our room. No big deal, call down and get it removed.  The guy comes to get it, and seems annoyed that we "no longer need it". Um, no buddy... theres 2 of us... we didn't request it. Their rooms don't have a usb cable for your IPOD, the concierges solution?  Go buy one across the walkway at the giftshop (and points). Pool staff seemed annoyed to be working today. Not one person asked us if we wanted a drink in over 3 hrs. Maybe they think we can't afford one?  I dunno. I saw them catering to the  pretty 20 somethings. We're here for another 2 days on a prepaid trip... let's hope I can report better news on an update.  As of right now....I'm not too impressed with the lacklustre service.
4	Great room with a great view. Booked the one bedroom suite terrace view. I think I found a new home, IF, service gets better. Check in was pleasant, bellhop girl was great, and the head chef, Jason at the pizza restaurant with no name (hidden gem), was very nice, welcoming, and just made us feel at home. Room service attendant was very nice as well and friendly.Now, to the negatives...pool attendants at bamboo pool not so friendly when taking an order, I believe his name was jason also. No one came up to us to ask if we wanted another drink, and the one time he did, wasn't very pleasant. Concierge, could use some personality also. Saving grace, for four stars is the nice terrace room, and Chef Jason. If stay gets better, I will definitely  update.
4	I have stayed here 2 more times since.  The service isn't where it should be but it is slowly improving and I will give them an extra star for that.  I still feel the view from the balcony facing the Bellagio fountains is unbeatable for the price.  Also everyone should try to complete the Chandelier challenge that we made up.  3 drinks a level and try to make it to the top.  Stairs only, good luck!
3	Great casino, but very noisy rooms. I could hear every single car driving Las Vegas blvd. and the ambulances sounded as if they were in my room. Not sure why a new hotel does not have any soundproofing in balcony doors.
4	Our view was spectacular! Room 3799 east tower premier one bedroom with terrace. Well worth the $$$$. If you book through travel agent (cheapOair) the $25 resort fee is optional at the time of check- in. Resort fee includes fitness center, business office, local calls and internet. If you opt out, it's $15 per 24 hours for internet. The east tower is on Las Vegas blvd, right on the strip next to the Bellagio. The west tower is a few blocks south of the strip. I think if you stay anywhere right on the strip it's subject to noise. People who want a quiet hotel should stay somewhere off the strip. I did not mind the noise at all. By noise I mean the street music, the Bellagio fountains, live bands in restaurants. Yes, I could hear all that from our terrace 37 floors up. At night it does calm down. Simple solution is to close the terrace doors. Do not touch anything in their mini bar!!!! Their items in the mini bar are on a weight sensor. If you move anything for greater than 60 secs you will get charged! We went to walgreens and purchased a few snack items and beverages thinking we can just move a few things out of the way and place our items in the fridge. Wrong! I had to call the front desk and beg them to credit me for the $8 chips and $50 wine. Thankfully, They did with no questions asked.
2	Summary: Yikes.So I read a whole bunch of reviews prior to choosing Cosmo and I also took into consideration my love for the decor when I visited the place last year (Casino only).  I figured that staying at the new resort in town would be a good idea.  I read about 100 reviews or so on Yelp and decided that the good outweighed the bad.  I also noticed that many of the complaints had to do with the music being so loud they couldn't sleep.So on to the review:I booked a 2 queen terrace view room for myself, girlfriend and her best friend and when we got there they were very friendly and accommodating and even upgraded us to a strip view version of the room which faces the Bellagio fountains.  We are now very excited and head up to the room.  1 King bed.  So while I know Vegas is a place where crazy stuff happens, I doubt a threesome with my girlfriend and her best friend is happening.  The view was GORGEOUS....fountain show every 20 minutes or so that we were able to overlook.  I called downstairs to let them know of their error and they apologize however they do not have any double Queen rooms available unless they downgrade us into a non terrace room.  Naturally I throw a fit with them on the phone and they say that they will correct the mistake and clean a room ASAP.  They ask we give them 3 hours so since it was about 7pm, we decide to go eat dinner while that happens.  11:30 comes around, and no call.   I decide to be proactive and reach out and they have no idea what I'm talking about when I call.  No one has been working on the issue.  The lady I speak with on the phone this time helps me out but says the only room they have available doesn't have the view.  So while its the room we originally booked, its still a downgrade.We get back to the hotel and go to get our luggage from the old room to find out the keys have been changed since they changed our room and have to go all the way back downstairs (a process) and wait in check in line again to get it fixed.  It is now 1am and we are all very tired since we worked this day and dealt with all of these issues and just want to get to bed.  We get to the room and everything is fine.....other than stains on the comforter (looks like old sweat? or makeup?) and rug that is torn up in certain areas.  We are too weak and tired to complain.People who complain about the noise will be glad to know that its been fixed, not a single chord can be heard in the rooms anymore and we found out why.  Supposedly Marquee listens to complaints because when we went to the Marquee club the next night, it was quiet...and we asked why and they said because after midnight they turn everything down to not disturb the guests.Pool was a joke, its tiny.  Good luck getting seats unless you are the first one there or buy a cabana.  We had friends staying at MGM and joined them at their pool for most of the trip.No poker at the casino.  6-5 blackjack and x3 odds craps.  So its not even a good place to gamble at.  Unfortunately since I was staying there, I still gambled there so I suppose that is what they are counting on.I'm getting tired of typing as I am sure you are getting tired of reading.  I'd rather go start a review for the good experiences in Vegas.My opinion? Do not stay here.  There are FAR better options for the money.  Go try Venetian/Palazzo, Wynn/Encore, or even Mandalay Bay.
5	Great lobby with digital book cases and iPad signature system. The rooms are great with luxurious furniture and bedding. If you forget your toothbrush just call the front desk! They will deliver everything you need!
5	Great staff. Great food. Great service.  Avoid East Tower facing the Boulevard.  Way too noisy with the Marquee pool right below.  We were on the 35th floor and we're disturbed each night with party goers up till 3:45 am.  Otherwise,outstanding hotel
1	Bad service and rigged video poker.  AVOID at all costs.I love Vegas, not sure why there is a tiger in the bathroom but hey, its Vegas.  When I go I like to visit all the casinos and bars and play a lot.  I stopped through the Cosmopolitan and put $100 in video poker at the bar.  Ordered a drink and played a little.  The bartender asked if I would like a drink and I asked for a water and a drink.  I played for 10 minutes and no drinks.  I asked again and they seemed annoyed I was there playing.While waiting I switched games to video black jack and after winning a few hands I pressed the MAX BET button which in most casinos is 10X your minimum bet.  Well not here....  it is 100X minimum bet.  Damn you max bet...... When the bartender finally brought my $100 drink over I asked about the absurdly high max bet and he laughed, yeah, that's the take all your money button.I know I go to vegas to donate money, this is just sneaky and low.  So one star and avoid if you can.
5	I gotta say, this is one of the nicest places I've ever stayed in. The room was really clean, very modern and well kept. Most importantly, the bed was really comfortable and sheets were clean. We ate at a few restaurants and bars in the hotel and everything was good. Pricy but really good. The decor of the hotel itself is really beautiful, a mixture of chic with modern. My husband and I really loved our stay there and plan to stay there again for our next visit. Would totally recommend this place. Love love loved it!!!
4	We were a little nervous about trying Cosmo out because of some of the things we've heard. We're a married couple in our 30s and have pretty limited interest in being in a huge party hotel. In reality, we needn't have worried. While there were plenty of young beautiful around and the entrance to the Marquee club attracts most of them, the rest of the hotel and casino had a pretty typical Vegas crowd. Check in was super quick (3pm on a Wednesday). We were given the wrong key and didn't discover it until we made it all the way to our room, but when we got back to the front desk they were apologetic and fixed it quickly. Eh, mistakes happen. We were in a studio terrace with a fountain view. I always request the highest floor possible, but the highest available was in the 21st floor in the east side tower. When a hotel has 75 floors you feel like 21 is pretty low, but honestly the view was still spectacular. Treasure Island to the fountains and everything in between. The room was great. Spacious living area, king size (super comfy) bed, two flat screen TVs and a beautiful huge bathroom. The bathroom had a wide jetted tub and there was a separate shower that was almost preposterously large. Very clean with nice fixtures. A few weird things:Everyone talks about the wet bar, and they should, because it's weird. There's a dishwasher but no dishes. There are cupboards for the dishes you don't have, but there's no dresser for the clothes you do have. At the end of the day, you just marvel and the silliness of it and put your clothes on the few shelves in the closet. The other thing that made me nuts was the lighting system. It's all or nothing. Say you get up before your partner and want to take a shower and get dressed. Sorry buddy, no nightstand light that I can turn on individually. Instead, every light in the place has to be turned on (and there are a lot of lights) and then you have to walk around and manually turn them all off except the one you want. One of the best features of this hotel is the balcony. We loved coming back after an evening out and relaxing out there watching the craziness of the strip below. Add to it the view of the fountains and you've got a real winner. The casino was nice, great decor, didn't feel too crowded, even on Saturday. We played blackjack for a few hours and the dealers were really funny, playful and knowledgable. We'll absolutely stay here again. Highly recommended!
4	I am a fan of the bars here and who could miss the Wicked Spoon?  One of my favorite buffets is in the Cosmo.  I would put the Wicked Spoon for a treat for yourself.  I enjoyed lunch here and for 2 people without tip it was less than $57.  I am sure you could enjoy that in food if you have an appetite.As for the bars I enjoyed talking to the bartenders upstairs and even the staff at the chandelier bar were talkative.  Kept me there for sometime drinking away.  Nice decor and modern feel here.
3	Nice resort if you like a lot of night life in your hotel, the disco club kind.  If that is not your thing then keep looking.  Nice spacious room and awesome shower. Even on the 62nd floor I was able to hear the partygoers at 4:00am which was kind of annoying hence the lower rating.  In addition, I thought it was a bit on the pricey side when you include the room rate of $340 and $350 respectively and then throw on a $24 resort fee and tax.  That said the location is fantastic and the experience is solid.
5	This hotel was AMAZING! Really can't say anything negative. The furnishings were impeccable and the service friendly (really liked someone standing at the check-in line to direct traffic). If I were to give a negative vote, it would be to the restaurants in the hotel. The only place that I felt was close to giving you your money's worth was The Wicked Spoon buffet. $27 a person. Free wi-fi, free entry to the day club, and don't get me started on THE SPA! My daughter recommended this hotel, and I really can't see a reason to go anywhere else!
5	I love how posh and swanky this hotel and casino is. The hotel lobby is very upscale, modern and I especially love the pillars that they have with ever changing screens - I'm mesmerized by the pretty flashing lights and colors. I admired all of the glitz and glam spread throughout the hotel and casino. I love shiny, sparkly things and the massive chandelier was dramatic and incredible. We stayed in 2 different rooms here: The first one is the standard room and it had a great view of the strip and the Bellagio fountain. The room was spacious, new, and clean. I loved the sexy interior decor, art, and the beautiful wallpaper throughout. Super stylish! There is no bath tub, just a large walk in shower with a floor to ceiling glass window view to the bedroom. You can close the blinds if you prefer privacy, or you can keep it open for a private show. You pick. We also stayed in the well appointed king terrace suite with a phenomenal view overlooking the strip and the Bellagio fountains. It was such an uber swanky room! The room was long and spacious with  a great big suede blue couch in the living room area. It also has a kitchen sink area with a microwave, mini fridge, and dish washer. It had a nice spacious closet area with a large mirrored wardrobe closet and a cushioned chest to sit. The king bed was separated in its own room with sliding doors for privacy. The bed was ultra plush and comfy. The sheets were soft and crisp - I slept like a baby. The best part was modern bathroom! Jack and Jill sink, a beautifully wallpapered private room with a toilet, an incredible separated bath area with a beautifully tiled standing shower with a floor to ceiling view to the bedroom and is also connected to a gorgeous and luxurious Japanese soaking tub that has a opening to overlook the bedroom and a large window that overlooks the Las Vegas Strip and the Bellagio Fountains. The tub was so tastefully done and the view of the strip in the day and in the evening were exquisite! I spent a lot of my time enjoying the breeze on the attached terrace. They had a nice patio lounge set in their sexy blue theme color. I caught so many Bellagio fountain shows, I lost count. I would say that the terrace suite rooms offers the best views of the fountain on the strip. That view can't be matched. Both rooms were well stocked with toiletries from Co Bigelow - I love their products! They are travel sized which is never enough for my long hair, but the staff was very friendly and accommodating and refilled my stock with however many I needed. They are very dog friendly - My dogs are not small, one is  over 40 lbs and the other is 26 lbs. Upon arriving to our room, they had 2 gift bags on the bed for my 2 dogs filled with a portable potty bags in a Eco friendly wrist case and also bags of treats. The doggy park (not really a park) but an enclosed potty area for them on the pool deck floor was very small and narrow but it did the job. They also have the best restaurants there! We went to their Wicked Spoon buffet for brunch and dinner. But I prefer their buffet during dinner! Many unique, tasty culinary options and their gelato bar is incredible. Secret pizza is so damn delicious as well! Love the thin crispy fresh out of the oven pizza. Expensive, but worth it! Last but not least, hotel guests can enter the marquee nightclub free without waiting in line, which is great since that line can be rather obnoxious. I'm not sure if it's always free or at a discounted price, but the night we stayed it was complimentary.
5	Cosmopolitan it's been a month since I was all up in that, and I still cannot stop thinking about you.  You are high maintenance and a total scene, you are young and trendy and therefore super immature, but you're the prettiest girl on the block (the strip) and you're worth it.I've done Vegas a LOT.  I've done Vegas cheap, borderline-homeless cheap, and expensive because someone else is paying.  I've gotten frustrated by staying in the wrong hotel and wasting money on cab fare just to stand in line at Drais, or chase the crowd over to Tao from Haze because we heard Leo was there, or simply get wasted and then lost, and then cry in the bathroom of the Bellagio.  I've also known what it is to be in a 30s/40s crowd as a 24 year old young woman and wonder what in the hell I'm doing at ANY lounge in the Wynn.  Who the F stays at the Wynn? So when I planned a Dirty 30 Celebration for my wonderful, sweet, demure blonde friend (basically she had VEGAS VIRGIN tattooed on her forehead the whole time) I knew we were staying at the Cosmo.  We weren't struggling with cabs and doing the whole barefoot scene down the strip with achy feet at 3 am.  We are settling down in the nicest hotel on the strip and letting the party come to us.  And by party I mean Rose Rabbit Lie and Marquee.  We'll have breakfast at The Henry, we'll wind down at Chandelier, and we'll always be coiffed and put together because we NEVER HAD TO LEAVE THE HOTEL.  I'll write a separate review for Rose Rabbit Lie because it was incredible and deserves a separate nod.  Best parts of Cosmo that I took full advantage of: 1) free valet parking - if you are renting a car you want to stay in a hotel that isn't going to charge you an arm and a leg,  the Cosmo's free parking has got to be a glitch in the system, I felt like I was getting away with something.  2) concierge - concierge will not exactly discount you (especially if you are rude, I watched that happen, and honestly the price is the price people), but if you are friendly and simply want their help they will tell you insider-Vegas stuff about where to go, at what time, and where to avoid, they're also superb at getting show tickets and reservations.  We had our daily "resort fee" waived.3) the spa - Sahra spa offers $25 day passes which we basically owned for the 3 hours we were there.  I even sung in one of the steam rooms.  There are snacks in the room where you wait for your treatment, theres a cold mist room, a dry and a wet sauna, a gorgeous hot tub with a fountain, bathrooms have all the amenities, a gym and a gift shop.ROOM: The rooms are trendy and hip and vibey and teched out.  Our shower had a glass wall that made the view from the beds a LIVE SHOWER SCENE.  (We abided by the Honor System and kept the blinds down while each girl showered.)  (Or so this reviewer wants you to believe.)  (Just kidding.)  (Or am I?)POOL: My only complaint is the Marquee pool (shitshow) and the Bamboo pool (the more private one) were both closed.  We had the Boulevard pool which looks out on the strip and was still a good time.  We just didn't have options and a girl likes her options.  MARQUEE: Was awesome.  Monday night is industry night!  It's a must!  We skipped breezily to the front of the line because we were key holders (guests of the hotel) and also didn't pay cover (there's a cover charge for girls? what is this miami? rude.)OTHER BARS (Chandelier, Bond): Bond offers a free show constantly, whether its boys in suspenders on swings or girls with feather peacock tails standing on the bar, I even saw a guy on stilts once.  Chandelier is a gorgeous bougie lounge where I've never been known to wear anything other than a tiny dress and I've also never been known to receive a bill for any of the drinks I've imbibed.  High rollers welcome.  Spacious, trendy, relaxing, ornate, glamorous, it's adult disneyland.
4	On a recent trip to Las Vegas we stayed at The Cosmo for two nights. I had stayed there once before and wasn't a fan but had a much better experience this time around. Our room was beautiful. It had a balcony and a huge tub over looking a great view of Vegas. The room was very nicely decorated with a Jonathan Adler feel. The gym had great equipment and a nice view of the Bellagio fountains. But they did not offer bottled water, only a water machine with cups, which is not easy to drink while working out. There aren't that many breakfast options, which I found frustrating. The main breakfast restaurant had a long wait each morning and the grab and go food only consisted of pastries and coffees. Nothing healthy or fresh. The restaurant options in the hotel are quite vast for lunch and dinner. Milos is by far my favorite for lunch and dinner. We also had a nice lunch at China Poblano. *Tip: Milos offers food to go, so if you want to eat dinner in your car on your way back to LA get Milos to go rather than having to stop for fast food!
1	We got there Thursday before valentines day. They got us to bite on a room upgrade.  From first look, it was amazing. We get to the room and in the bathroom I step on an earring the cleaning crew missed. Hurt pretty good, but anything could be missed. Later that night tried to use the tub (the main reason we were sold on the upgrade) and the drain was broken. After 30 mins of filling it was nowhere near full, but after playing with the drain, we Got it to hold some water with a face cloth as a plug, but we had to keep water going most of the time to make up for it and keep it reasonably full. At midnight it is not worth calling them to fix it. I Used the iron in the room to get ready for dinner and sure enough it transferred white paint to my clothes (someone put it back on shelf while still hot I imagine and melted the paint onto the iron). Day two we came back late at night after a wedding and found housekeeping had not cleaned our room. No towels no nothing. We called down and they brought a few up for us Awoken on our checkout day at 9 am by housekeeping. Doesn't make any sense to come into rooms on checkout day when checkout is 11. At checkout we were told they would comp our room upgrade and resort fees to make up for it. We found it to be a nice gesture and left feeling ok about our stay. A Few days later, sure enough we get charged. Call them up and they say they have no record of saying they will comp us.The woman made us feel like idiots hinting that we had no idea what we were talking about and no on would have told us that. I have reviewed several hotels in Vegas, and we have been there about 15 times in the past two years, so we know what we are talking about. After fighting for it, they ended up refunding our room upgrade and our resort fee. They told us it was "the least they could do". Had it happened at the beginning it would have been a nice gesture, but at the point it occurred it was unimpressive. I would expect more from the premiere hotel on the strip. To be fair, there are good restaurants in the hotel, DOCG is great. And if you go to the vesper bar get yourself an espresso martini. Best in the world. It's also a great casino. Does not smell of smoke and the roulette tables light up from underneath, which we found to be ver fun, but those things can be experienced without spending the money to stay there. t's nice it doesn't stink of smoke in casino.
5	Excellent rates, excellent room, had the villa suite just for $1100 for 3 nights 4 days pictures speak for themselves, will always come back to Vegas to stay here love the buffet as well best in Vegas
1	Parking is really bad. 30 min only one car moved. Never coming here again. Parking lot is very suffocating to be waiting for ever to get out.
4	This is a review on my experience in the lobby and the bar only, I didn't get a chance to book a room here.My friends and I were celebrating a 30th birthday.  We were able to get three seats at the bar on the main floor.  We had great service from the bartender, Hakim.  He made us fun and special drinks and provided great conversation.  We really enjoyed our time here.  I also enjoyed the fact the people were dressed a lot nicer here than they were in the other hotels.I hope I get the opportunity to stay here sometime in the future!
5	Stayed here for my late birthday celebration with my girrrrrrrls :)This is like my 4th or 5th time heading to the city & we've stayed at many hotels but lusted after staying at the Cosmopolitan because it's GORGEOUS & so fab :)We weren't disappointed when we checked in. Our bathroom had a huge tub & huge shower. There was a little partition that covered the little opening they had between the room & the bathroom. Our balcony had the BEST view of the strip. We got to see every single Bellagio fountain show from the afternoon to late at night. Our suite had two TV's in it & a dishwasher, lol.Now that we were in the middle of the strip all the clubs we went to were on the Mandalay Bay side which is where we stayed many times.... Not Cosmo's fault though, just simply stating the obvious :)FAB hotel that didn't disapponint :)
5	Our first time to this hotel, we really enjoyed it. We booked a suite with a fountain view and it was spectacular, nothing like it in Vegas. We booked many months in advance and got a great rate. Our flight arrived early, but they were able to get us into a room before noon -- a big bonus, very efficient at the Front Desk.Having stayed many times at the Wynn and Bellagio, we were apprehensive about the Cosmo being too hip and trendy for us, but we were pleasantly surprised by the nice mix of old and new to the property -- there is fun modern art sprinkled throughout as well as many great old photos as an homage to "old Vegas", which we appreciated.We loved that you could mostly avoid the Casino level if you wished -- for the most part the restaurants are on the 2nd and 3rd floor, as well as the upper level of the Chandelier Bar. The other two lounges, The Vesper and the Queue are very nice and comfortable. The Queue was more private and secluded and had the best Cosmopolitan I have ever had (appropo!) You had access to the Strip via a walking bridge from the 2nd floor (and the Walgreens across the street, which was very handy)The hotel room was very nice, with some oddities: there are no bureaus for clothes, just the closet with a few shelves. BUT they provided robes and slippers, which was great. And hubby like that they had a suit valet, classy touch. The suite was lovely, with sliding doors from the main area and the bedroom out to the balcony and great sound-proofing.  The balcony is ridiculously fabulous, with the view of the Strip and the Bellagio Fountains. We spent a lot of time out there, and even when it was windy, we were protected. The bathrooms were lovely, spacious with good amenities (and a whirlpool tub, which was enjoyed throughout the stay!) There was a small kitchen, with a full-size fridge, so you could actually fit your own beer/wine/food (just be careful not to touch anything else or you will be charged!)Two requests called into Guest Services were handled almost immediately, which was a nice touch.The pool areas were nice, but small (from what we are used to) but we managed to find a good spot at the more quiet Bamboo Pool. There was a pool bar at each end, very nice. The other pool was more hip/noisy so we stayed away.The Spa was lovely, as you would expect -- and ridiculously expensive, as you would expect.The only complaint we had was housekeeping. When we arrived into the room, it didn't feel complete, like they had not totally put the room together. This theme continued through our stay, housekeeping was very inconsistent in how they cleaned/prepped the room (sometimes a full set of towels and bath mats/rugs, sometimes not; not always emptying the trash, sometimes not coming at all.) It was odd, considering the caliber of the hotel. We did share this feedback in a survey we received when we got home.We would absolutely recommend the Cosmopolitan, there is something for everyone -- young and hip, or older (like us! ;-)
4	OK this is the place to see & be seen. A much younger crowd than the other hotels & casinos on the strip. A really cool hip vibe to it, lots of lounges tucked away from the casino areas, lots of "brides to be" with their party regalia on strolling through. Its a sight to see. Stopped at one of the lounges, had some drinks, dont know the price, because someone treated, but Im guessing it was high. Maybe overpriced for what you get, but you have to check them out. The lobby itself is a show to be seen, and if you happen to be there you are part of it.
5	Handsome and I stayed here last June and we had the best time! When we first arrived our rooms weren't ready yet. We waited and waited and we kept checking in and they kept telling us it wasn't ready. It was almost 3 hours later and we had had enough. We went and asked them about the room and they apologized and gave us a large credit that we could use at the hotel. This made us a lot happier and got our trip going in the right direction. We got to our room and it was absolutely gorgeous and we had the best view! The room was very clean and art deco like. Very gorgeous . Our room overlooked The Bellagio Fountains so we got to see the show every half hour/hour.  I have pictures of our view. We had a huge shower and a deep jacuzzi tub. The bed was very plush and comfy. Even the couch in our room was very comfy! Such a great place! I would love to come back here and wish to soon!
5	Superb experience from beginning to end. The staff is extremely willing to cater to your every desire. I will definitely be returning each time I am in the area. Thank you to the entire staff that helped provide such an outstanding experience!! Highly recommended.
1	If you are 12 years old you will probably love this place but as an adult you should probably avoid this place. The 12 year olds doing the face plant at the pools and in the lobby would normally turn every one off but when the cocktail waitresses bring you a drink and try and fool you - what I don't know what I drink??? This place is lame and any serious person who comes to Vegas as I do should avoid this place like the plague  - Steve Wynn still doesn't lie to people and provides a greats service. Cosmo SUCKS!
1	If I could give this place 0 stars I totally would.,.I had soooo many ppl recommend me this place and I ended up having to check out at midnight and look for a room at the tropicana.First off when I made the reservation I specifically asked for a room with a nice view got the keys went up to the room and was super disappointed that my terrace faced the freeway and all I could see was the aria what a waste.The room was nowhere near spotless seems like they just took a rag and wiped everything down real quick.so not only was i disappointed but I had to walk all the way back to registration to switch out my keys and get a New room mind you with all my luggage in my hands not to mention the east tower is on the other side of the world from the registration  This room was nice great view just what I asked for and this one was actually clean.thanks to Joey (the bellman) we got to take a little break from our luggage he happily helped us up and made friendly conversation with us.in order to use the elevator u need to insert a room key..retarded .not to mention the elevators take foreverrrr.I even had someone warn me "don't go in that elevator we were just stuck for 30mins" so after wasting about an hour to check in finally got into my room.11pm knock knock guess who security and the "director"5 effin guys at my door acting like I just broke a law or something...it was not that serious.So considering I'm paying 800 for my room I expect to be able to do whatever I want with it right? Wrong .. I booked this room for my birthday and had a few friends over 10max we had literally just put some music on and were just hanging out no one has getting crazy or anything hell no one was even drunk yet.but all of a sudden there were noise complaints...BS!!  My bro in law said when he came up to the room you couldn't  hear anything,so here come all the security asking if they can look around I'm over here thinking oh well we're doing nothing bad so yeah go ahead.i should of said no ..idk wth I was thinking total invasion of privacy.so they say I have to many ppl in my room that the max# of ppl who can stay is 4 uhmmm I'm the only one staying I kept saying and they just kept saying they have a zero tolerance for parties so they wanted me to ask my guest to leave and literally stayed at the door till I basically kicked them out..well if my guest were leaving so was i..I asked if it was possible to get my money back and the only thing the director was so worried about was how he had already lost value in this room until one of the guys pulled him to the side and told him to just do it .so I ended up getting half of my money back but I still thought this was totally unfair.i understand if we had the room trashed and were being loud but that was def not the case I ended having to go check in the tropicana at 1am I even told them I had a few guest and they were totally ok with it never even came once to bug us..I felt punching the director in the face for not even feeling bad about how unhappy I was whatever happened to the customer comes first,I kept asking them what kind of room i could of gotten that would be ok to have my friends over not stay just have over i was willing to pay extra and they just kept saying nope nope.ha what a joke so much for upselling Screw you Cosmo first and last time I stay hereThanks for making me waste my time and money.btw no party policy my a** ppl throw parties in ur rooms all the time.hell the ppl in the room next to me were smoking weed its all good ill be sure to NEVER recommend anyone here that stay was a joke.
5	These 5 stars goes for the reservation process! I had such an easy time booking through Deborah from reservations. She really helped me book at the best price and room! Definitely going to go back soon!
5	We have stayed at the Cosmo 3 times as of February 2014, all in a years time.  I love the wraparound terrace rooms.  Trust me when I say it is WELL WORTH the extra cost to upgrade to one of these suites.  Try to get one on the side where you can watch the Bellagio fountain from your balcony.  Awesome!  Room service (food and cleaning both) has always been phenomenal...the food is excellent and the staff friendly.  I have always felt like a VIP at this hotel.  They have always accommodated me fully.
5	Awesome place to stay. My room was beautiful and I won good money on the slots! Will stay there again. Great place
5	One of the best hotels in Las Vegas. The customer service is first class. If you are gambler or non gambler you will be treated with great service. I love the hotel VIP customer service and fast room service. If you are looking for a location on the strip that is steps away from all the attractions and main casinos you found the place. If you are person who enjoys gambling and looking for an excellent casino host I would highly recommend Mickey Petkus. Mickey has been my casino host for over 16 years and Mickey is really an excellent host. If you are just coming here for a night or a weekend you will love it. The hotel has excellent restaurants to clubs. It all depends how what your evening brings you.
5	The Cosmopolitan was the site for my buddy's bachelor party. We had access to a penthouse suire... the wraparound deck and a butler's touch was amazing. Of course living room was spacious enough to entertain the guests.We had access to a Bungalow at the Marquee pool. This really made the trip. All day/night access to Marquee. Top floor had a jacuzzi overlooking Marquee. Middle floor, a bathrrom and bed w same view. Bottom floor, a kitchen and living room spacious enough to host the entertainment. But what really, really earns my 5 star: in all that mess I left my tablet after I checked out. A day or so ago, lost and found contacts me and sends it back, 2 day priority, for only $10.Ive got a new favorite place to stay in Vegas.
1	Just a big cluster f@!#, over priced in everything, the concert venue SUCKS, the location, the rules and once again pricing. Just not a pleasant experience.
1	Awful hotel . Don't plan to book if you plan to have a party that Is more than 4 people since they have a zero party policy . You will be kicked out . Should of stayed at the Venetian or the mirage.
3	great view!  very neat place.. service was good.. some of the items were moved around in the fridge and we just had to tell them that we accidently knocked it over.. very convinient.. went to the day club and the service was ok..
4	Beautiful and great for conventions. Ingress and egress is a bit complicated; the driveway is way long and difficult to navigate by foot or in a car. Would highly recommend. Good place to lose your money.
4	Very chic hotel with a cool chandelier bar! It's right across the street from the shopping mall (planet hollywood) and next to Bellagio, so the location is great!  We stayed here 2 nights for the Bruno Mars concert that we in the theater and loved it! Tons of casual and fancy restaurants to choose from too!  China Poblano was one of our favs that was casual and oh so delicious!
1	I enjoyed my stay at the cosmopolitan up until check out. Check out was a horrible experience. This is due to the fact that I incidentally placed a stack of money on to my room service cart and noticed I did that after they took it away. Not 5 min after room service took the cart, I reported it and it took the cosmopolitan approximately 2 hours to respond. So when we located the cart of COURSE it was not on there any more. It just breaks my heart how un-loyal, disrespectful and dishonest the employees of cosmopolitan were. I wrote a report, but still have not heard back from them and I don't expect to hear back from them considering they have already shown me their true colors of dishonesty.
1	Didn't stay here but we got stuck in their elevator for an hour. Had a terrible experience sitting in an elevator with a bunch of ladies who were freaking out and we got comped dinner at Milo's which took forever to bring the food out. I will never stay here nor will I ever come to their restaurants or shops ever. Should of called the fire department as soon as the elevator stopped.
2	This place was okay. We stayed in a suite and had to request room service three times before they finally came at 11pm. I was sleeping. The staff is very nice and respectable.
5	We've stayed here a lot over the last few years and just got back from our 8th stay at the hotel.  We've never been disappointed.  Yes, there are minor issues from time to time -- just like there would be at any Vegas strip hotel -- but overall, the Cosmo is great.This time, we stayed in a wraparound terrace suite (definitely do this if you can, because the room can't be beat).  If you go on a weekday, the prices are reasonable ... especially if you're a frequent guest who gambles there like we do.  We got a promotional offer for a free terrace studio, but when we arrived this time, they had an upgrade to a wraparound terrace suite available for $100 a night.  That's a great deal when you consider these rooms can sometimes go for $600, $700 or more on a busy weekend in season.Check-in is always smooth.  We had one glitch with a delayed check-in when we arrived on a late Friday afternoon once, but I kind of always expect that in Vegas.  Know your surroundings.  If you're going on a holiday weekend or a late Friday, it's not going to be as easy as on a Tuesday afternoon.The hotel skews on the younger side... 20s, 30s for sure.  And it's a goodlooking, hip crowd for the most part.  Some d-bag types, yeah.  But isn't that expected in Vegas?  One thing you don't see here:  a lot of families.  And that's good in my eyes.  This is not one of those hotels with kids everywhere or prudes from the midwest on a tight budget.Staff has always been friendly on our multiple visits -- and again this time on our most recent trip.  Rooms are always top notch, and we've stayed in all sizes of rooms here.  Even their terrace studios are very nice and comfortable.  Bathrooms always exquisite and modern, and the decor inside is hip... even down to the wallpaper in the closet.Wicked Spoon buffet is great.  It's not at all like a typical Vegas buffet... interesting selections, a lot in individual containers (a big plus).  It's pricey (over $40 per person for dinner), but oddly enough, it's worth it.  The desserts are little works of art.  We've tried most of the restaurants here over the last couple of years and have been disappointed in only one of them -- China Poblano, which is very overrated.  Avoid that one, but the others are all good.We're not Marquee visitors and not the "club" type, per se.  But you don't have to be to stay here.  The hotel is upscale, fun & hip without being all that pretentious.  And it's one of the least smoke-filled casinos on the strip, we've found... plus all rooms are non-smoking.  For those who smoke, nearly every room has a balcony (rare in Vegas, but the views are amazing!).I figure if you're in Vegas, treat yourself.  The Cosmopolitan is the way to go, in my mind.  We'll see if it changes now that the hotel is being sold, however.   They're undergoing a transition so hopefully it won't change too much.
5	Stayed here for Memorial Day weekend. By far exceeded my expectations and service. Everything from the room to the view was exceptional. It's by far the trendiest hotel on the strip, high caliber, and has a younger customer base. The bars and clubs are very tasteful and and modern I especially enjoyed the Marquee and Rose.Rabbit.Lie, the chandelier lounge ( which is the focal point of the hotel ) features a nightly jazz band that everyone is welcome to enjoy. The rooms are on point from details to furniture, featuring deco art, hues of blue/silver/white/black coloring. The casino is kept clean, this is also the only hotel with exception of Aria that doesn't hit you with the smell of smoke upon entry. I wouldn't stay anywhere else.
1	I've had to call back easily over ten times trying to get my $150deposit back..this last time they told me it was posted on the14 but my account activity shows nothing I asked for an emailed copy of something saying that they sent out my deposit and they said they didn't have anything they could send me but to still call my bank and figure it out i stayed at the tropicana and recieved my deposit the next day,I didn't even end up staying at the Cosmo and I still have to deal with their BS
4	I stayed here for a bachelorette party in the beginning of May and they were very accommodating! We got a suite with an awesome balcony view of bellagio's water show.  Very pretty!  We emailed beforehand and worked with a couple of reps for the best prices.  They even gave us a really good deal on cabanas (bottle service) for Marquee day club.  Our cabana was inside the pool and we had so much fun!  Their prices were better than any promoter's prices!
5	My favorite hotel and casino! So clean and entertaining, really good drinks and I love the Henry!!
3	The hotel gives the air of sophistication and luxury, but there are gaps in the service levels you would expect from a luxury modern hotel.  Overall, loved the room. The one-bedroom suite was beautiful with wrap around walk-out balcony looking out on the strip and Bellagio fountains.  Two bathrooms with the master having a large tub, walk in shower, and two sink areas was perfect.  The furnishings and lighting were what you would expect in a well-appointed suite.  But, the power outlet at the desk did not always work leaving mobile devices and laptops out of juice when you expected them charged. The full kitchen was large enough if you wanted to cook and stay in - but no cooking equipment or dinnerware was available.  Not a big deal on this stay, but if you have a kitchen, make it useful.  Couldn't find the coffee pot, which was a big deal.Maid service was inconsistent.  Towels weren't always taken away if put in the tub or not restocked.  Toiletries were randomly replaced.  Turn down service was inconsistent.    Trash was inconsistently emptied. (stayed for 4 days).The room service was excellent.  Quoted 1/2 hour and they came in 20 minutes.  I ordered something that wasn't on the menu and they easily accommodated me.  When it came, it was delicious.  They also removed the tray the next morning without me having to call down or put it in the hallway. Attended a conference and the service was sub-par.  They couldn't keep up with the demand.  Buffets ran out of food and drinks.  Coffee centers weren't replenished quickly.  Napkin and silverware removed when getting dessert and was told they would come back with fresh ones - never happened.  Internet bandwidth couldn't keep up in session rooms and hiccuped during keynotes.  Tried to use the online check-in service which never worked after several attempts.  Ended up checking in at the desk where the clerk seemed to struggle a bit with the system.  I was also told about how little sleep she got the night before and why.  TMI for this level of hotel.The Henry is a great restaurant.  The bar was perfect to watch the games and talk with friends.  Breakfast was really good - especially the hashbrowns.  Service in the dining room was a bit slow and they didn't bring butter for the toast, but overall it was a good experience.  Went to several of the restaurants in the mall area and all were excellent - good wine, good food.  But again, service was always a bit lack luster.Wanted to go to the pool to swim, but it had too much of a dating scene feel and passed.In general, nice hotel that has the potential to compete with the other luxury hotels on the strip.  But, if you are expecting the high level of service, it is a bit of a miss.
4	Shoe fetishists welcome! I enjoyed a fun, intoxicated evening finding all of the stilettos in the Cosmopolitan and taking photos with them. I also enjoyed the random pool tables and sparkly chandeliers. The price isn't so bad for what you get, especially considering the location and the newness of the hotel/casino. I would stay here in a heartbeat.
4	Hotel was beautiful and the common areas are amazing. We had a handicap room so the shower just had a curtain and fold up seat. The water got all over the bathroom floor because there's no divider. Our room was above the pool so didn't have the great view of the Bellagio fountains. It's a huge place and there's a lot of wasted space it feels like walking through banquet hall areas to get to the other side of the hotel. The pools are nice just get there before 9:00am if you want two chairs together. Decent restaurants, one place for coffee and breakfast items. It would be nice if they had more fast food type places instead of all sit down. Oh, the elevators require a room key and it is so tricky to get them to work. You put your key card in the elevator and it doesn't let you select a room so you end up going up past your floor until you can get it just right. We missed our floor several times because of this.
5	Hands down, my favorite hotel in all of Las Vegas. Great location, easy access to both the Strip and cabs, and best of all, an art-driven "cosmopolitan" decor that goes beyond ultra-chic to a new generation of hip and fancy that will certainly be a mainstay. I've been coming here since 2009 and it has been the only hotel I stay at. They seem to always be adding new cool things to the hotel and rooms, the most recent of which seems to be choreographed cirque-de-soleil style dancers on swings and platform displays near the front bar and gambling area. Art is everywhere. Good music is everywhere. And the incredibly beautiful Chandelier Room bar anchors everything in a timeless way. Add one of Vegas's most popular nightclubs and dayclubs/pools (Marquee) and you've got the perfect hotel in Vegas.
2	I am only giving two stars because of their front desk agent, Myra. After the past few days of traveling and sleeping in our moving truck the night before, we were looking forward to arriving at a hotel so we could get some real rest. Traveling took a little longer than planned and we originally had a reso for June 1st using my boyfriend's Marriot points. We called on Sunday asking if it would be possible to switch our reservation to Monday, June 2nd. They were able to accommodate us and gave us our confirmation number. When we arrived Myra looked us up and said we were in for yesterday and were put as a no show so our points were used. She tried several confirmation numbers but found nothing. She went to talk to her managers Alfonso and Nate I believe their names were and came back telling us since they were fully booked they're not even suppose to be booking right now but they can give us a complimentary upgrade for $250 which is a great deal since their rates are sky high right now. So, you're telling me.. You used our points and you're fully booked and cannot book anymore rooms but you can give us a complimentary upgrade for $250. Oh my god what a deal!! So this means there is a room available. At this point my boyfriend was pretty upset and said that we definitely have a reservation for today and we have a confirmation number. No manager has come to assist at this point and Myra is pretty fed up with dealing with us. We called Marriot and they told us we definitely still have an active reservation and even gave us a Marriot confirmation number. This whole time Myra was saying, those numbers are too long that wouldn't be our confirmation number but we'll try it anyway- not in the best tone of voice. Instead of thinking, hey maybe someone should call their reservations manager or Marriot she decided to conveniently go on lunch when my boyfriend had a Marriot employee about to speak with her. She handed us off to Kevin who took it upon himself to call guest services was told that our reservation for today was canceled. He then decided to call Marriot and spoke with someone himself who told him that we in fact had a reservation today and it's still active. There was a mix up with guest services and the new reservation was never put in. We get that mistakes happen but this was over an hour of us trying to check in when it should've taken a few minutes. Kevin was seriously amazing. We appreciated his effort to resolve the issue. Cosmo needs more employees like Kevin. He got us an upgrade, $50 room credit, and a late check out which was nice since it took us over an hour just to check in. As a front desk agent, you're the first face guests see and you're usually the first person someone goes to with issues. Kevin was great and should definitely look into a managerial position because all their manager did was come over to the computer to ok the upgrade. Not even an apology for the inconvenience. I get the Cosmo is a massive hotel and managers are super busy, but instead of asking how are you (when you know we are NOT good), an apology for the mix up and inconvenience would've been nice. Thanks again Kevin! You made our stay at The Cosmo awesome!
5	Loved the rooms.  Clean, spacious and almost everything you could want was already in the room including a mini bar and snacks.
4	Well now I can say that I've stayed at the Cosmo. Service here is in impeccable, just like anywhere in Vegas. But I must say the room view was epic. Room was of relative size but I would say that I enjoyed my stay here. Something to note, they are on the more expensive side for rooms and was just sold to black stone group.
5	Came here for a business meeting and never had stayed here before!! This place is elegant, luxurious, and HHUGGGEEE!!Everything is very modern and when we checked in they gave us a free upgrade to a one bedroom suite with a balcony (just ask, it doesn't hurt if they say no)!! So awesome!! Highly recommended!! Stay here when you come to Vegas!
5	I love Cosmopolitan. we got free comps so we stayed here Tuesday till Thursday. the rooms are so spacious and i love how all the rooms have outdoor balconies. we had an amazing view of the Bellagio water show front. our room included a japanese soaking tub which was super relaxing, definitely a great room if you're with your lover/husband/significant other. Theres convenient parking in the garage that is close to the hotel elevators near the East wing of the parking structure. The only negative I would say about the room is that there is no refrigerator, or at least not in the suite we were staying at, only a minibar. I would stay here all the time, but only if we got comps. Otherwise, at $300/night its way out of my budget. :T
5	Came here for a business trip. Great choice very nice and elegant. A bit on the pricey side but worth it.  The pools are great and the overall ambiance is amazing. When you visit vegas be sure to stop in and see the Liberace displays stunning. Defiantly would recommend this hotel and the staff are hospitable.
5	I've never stayed here but man do I want to. This place is beautiful.  This is on my list of places to stay.
4	Cosmopolitan is probably my favorite Vegas casino resort to go to. I love the glam and glory decor in the casino area and the wide variety of restaurants to choose from.  We got the Wraparound Suite this time - the room was very spacious with two full bathrooms, great night view of the strip, but its furnitures were a little worn down and not exactly the quality that matches Cosmopolitan's glam lobby. This is really a great room for hosting small parties - a bar top, large seating area, and a balcony that can fit at least 20 people. They provide full toiletry and slippers, all good quality! However, the housekeeping can do a better job - our bed sheet had cigarette-burnt holes and the pillows on the sofa smelled like old greasy hair. Overall staff service was excellent, from check-in to internet troubleshooting on the phone!
5	I won a two-night stay here courtesy of HBO. I'm not at all what you'd consider hip or one with even a fair amount of money, so I worried the hubby and I would stick out like sore thumbs and would be looked down upon by the staff. This was not the case AT ALL! Everyone was polite and helpful, from the check-in attendant to the casino waitresses to the room service delivery. I truly felt as though I fit in there. I've never stayed at a hotel where I've not had at least a complaint or two, but I literally had no complaints about The Cosmopolitan. My husband and I are already planning on saving for another trip!
3	Stayed sunday-tuesday 6/8-6/10/14 Studio King w/o the view was a great room. View was facing Planet Hollywood, didn't pay the extra for the Bellagio fountains view. But the room was still amazing. Definitely worth the money. I was told they were supposed to be condos but something happened in construction and it became a hotel/casino, So the rooms are very nice! Lost two stars becasue of five things: The Sports book was hella small & they give any drink tickets for betting on games. The pool was full by 9am - on a monday - so there was nowhere to sit in the sun/remotely close to the pool. From what I could see, there was minimum $15 blackjack tables at all times. I understand how it works with the tables but It would have been nice to be able to afford to gamble at the hotel I'm staying at. No poker room and dining was limited to a few spots. Nothing great though. Prime location smack dab in the middle of the strip! Probably gonna look for a hotel/casino with better sports book, poker room and dining next time
4	Is this place selfie worthy?  Why, oh yes!!!I didn't think I would like this place because I hate their commercials.  I feel like swinging punches when I hear that awful club music...but anyway, this place is actually gorgeous!  Weird and gorgeous.  Class meets obnoxious, that's the best way I can explain the decor.The moment you walk in, you are greeted with a very perfume-y aroma, it smells luxurious and clean...not like a Vegas casino. We walked by the Book and Stage bar.  It is a lounge with a Library theme, and you can count on the Cosmo to make a library look hip and cool.  The books are not real, but projections of books on glass walls and pillars.  Awesome!  The hotel has all kinds of nooks and lounges to rest your feet, with plush seating and gorgeous, rich colors.  The Vesper bar reminds me of a bar Superman would go to.  It reminds me of his icy lair.  We've found several giant stilletos and a group of dog statues on the same floor.  So unusual and memorable!  Strangers (drunk at noon, like us) were egging me on to get in one of the giant stilletos and pose for pictures, I'm surprised I didn't fall out!!The Chandelier bar is the heart of the hotel, it is definitely a must see when you go to Vegas.  I've also heard of the Secret Pizza lounge, but we were already too messed up from the drinks at the Wicked Spoon and at the Chandelier bar to find it.  I heard it's inside a hallway with vinyl records and that the pizza is the bomb!  Too bad we didn't find it, but we will definitely check it out next time!
5	Came here for a friends bachelor party and we were able to get the wrap around suite facing the Bellagio fountain. It was an amazing room. Excellent view, 1200 square feet, 2 bathrooms, 2 shower stalls, 1 spa tub, able to fit 2 roll away beds, and a small kitchenette with Sub Zero fridge! Most importantly, the walk around the balcony was amazing. Service was excellent. We did have to negotiate certain terms and management was relatively accommodating. I would definitely stay here again. They even had 2 thermostat controls and 2 flat screen TVs for the suite. The king size bed was amazing. No issues falling asleep and extremely comfortable. The mattress was company was Serta. Wifi was free and decently fast. Only issue with the place was the checkout. We couldn't checkout via the TV. In terms of gambling, this place lacks poker tables and it isn't really a "hardcore" gambling place. I would go to other places were the tables are cheaper and with more variety. There are TONS of parking spots. I would recommend self-park to save yourself some money. Best place I've stayed at so far. I'll have to compare this suite to others in the future.
3	I love the way this place looks from the outside at night. The inside is interesting and pretty to look at but difficult to navigate. We did not stay in the hotel but came looking for the elusive "Neapolitan" and after an hour left defeated and irritated. The three staff people I asked about it looked at me like I was crazy and responded that they had not heard of it. It is listed on the Cosmopolitan website.  We finally discovered that the fourth floor was locked off for a concert and we suspect it was on that floor but still not sure. Disappointed.
4	Ill be short if your twenties thirties and  hot you found a place. If you are over 40!look eleswhere. Hotel a masterpiece beautiful in every aspect. Over 40 you will not fit in go eleswhere.One star less no  ..not a fan of vertical concept...
2	I REALLY wasn't impressed by this casino! The dancing girls were in leotards really ahaha ... I thought I was in Vegas! More T&A please!Also the dealer was too strict ... asking for id and wouldn't let me use my phone at the table ... I get most places don't allow that either but she was just like super attitude about it! And over all I just didn't get excited to be in this casino...only thing I liked were the giant high heels lol And the wicked spoon was so disappointing ... I feel like there is a lot of hype about this casino ... but when you get here you're like meh.
4	Some of the nicest hotel rooms I've stayed at in Vegas. Even the base rooms are huge, with comfy beds and bedding, desks with built in everything (USB chargers, ports to hook up your laptop or other devices to the TV, etc.), huge bathrooms and shower. The rooms are definitely 5-star. The only place they lose points is the pool areas. Marquee is way too clubby, and the Bamboo pool is tiny for such a huge resort. And a $400 minimum on food & beverage for one of the beds is just ridiculous.
5	Best resort on the strip with the best customer service.  Sexy vibe and not cheap.  Come here if you are looking for luxury, not a deal.  Upgrade to the wraparound suite.  I did and I'm hooked!
5	My favorite hotel in Las Vegas hands down (next to Aria which is a close second). I'm a 20-something professional woman and this is perfect for girls and guys like me! It's modern, luxurious, hip and the crowd is gorgeous! No trashy white girls here getting white girl wasted (head on to Wynn or Hard Rock if that's your idea of a fun time). The staff is great! I love the decor of the hotel. It's flashy and hip but not in a Vegas kitschy way. If you love W Hotels, then this is the place for you. The rooms are gorgeous!Pros:Great StaffElegant Modern DecorGood MusicGood FoodGreat nightlifeLocationCons:Small Casino Always Loud (but hey its Vegas!)Great for: Couples looking to party and have fun sans children. Bachelor/Bachelorette parties, girls/guys get away weekend. People in their 20's, 30's and maybe 40's. Great hotel for people who really want to party or lounge but not rave with 21 year old spring breakers.
5	LOVE LOVE cosmopolitan! Almost every hotel/casino on the strip has a theme, but I'm still trying to figure out Cosmo's. It's sort of like stepping into the twilight zone or something, I can't really put my finger on it. Anyway, the hotel is super chic yet classy w/ a bit of old school dapper days and is geared toward people in their mid 20's. It's really distinct and my bf loves how it just stands out on the strip at night (the dark blue lights make it look so mysterious and calming)The layout inside might be confusing 'cause there are a couple of floor levels that contain just huge empty space, not sure why. A lot of things in this casino seem to be hidden. Ex: the buffet is located like on the 3rd floor in the middle of nowhere in a corner. They have the secret pizza joint that's hidden also.The rooms aren't a bad deal either and most come w/ the nice balcony which is a big plus when you're on a vegas vacation. Very clean and the Japanese bath tub is siiiick. You can chill on the balcony w/ your drink at night and enjoy the bustling busy lights on the strip!
3	First time staying at the Cosmopolitan and it will probably be the last. There were highs, but there were also a LOT of lows. Check-in: Two minute wait. Originally booked Terrace Studio - asked if we want to upgrade to view of The Bellagio Fountains? Well, absolutely. Yes, please. Very friendly and helpful staff.  The room: Nice size, huge private terrace with the MOST FANTASTIC VIEWS I've ever had in a Vegas room. But the room itself - nothing particularly impressive about it. Can't compare to the two room suite at THEhotel or the high tech rooms at the Aria. Took off my sandals and what?...is the carpet wet? Eww! Right outside the bathroom area - did something overflow? OMG! Then walked to the "bedroom." Carpets wet there as well. OK, called front desk - "The carpets in my room are wet. Did they by chance get cleaned today or something?" "Let me check...yes mamm...today at 3:15." Huh. They disn't have another Terrace Studio w/ View available...or oddly the one without the view we had just upgraded from. The only option was to upgrade to the Terrace Suite and they weren't sure if we would be willing to pay the difference in price. Uh, no! The gentleman was very apologetic and gave us a $100 food and drink credit. Still didn't change the fact we walked around on damp carpet for 2 days, but the person was really nice and apologetic. The room cont. - housekeeping/maintenance: Could have been cleaner for sure. A random hair on the half wall that separates the living area from the bedroom. More hairs in the bathroom vanity drawers - gag! There was a lipstick stained cig butt on the balcony that wasn't mine. Realized after the first night's sleep, the sheets had those little balls all over them that happen when they get old (what's that called?). The sink drain in the "kitchen" area had obviously never been cleaned. The filthy drain was hidden by the sink stopper. Having only been open for 3 years, the room certainly was a little worse for wear. Wallpaper in the WC already peeling and carpeted entry to every room door so soiled it almost looked like it was supposed to be deep grey color it was. Speaking of doors, the doors to the room literally weigh ~100 lbs and despite their heaviness they are far from soundproof as all you here day and night is the slam (and feel the bam) of neighboring room doors slamming shut. Oh, the building was originally built as condominiums but bought out by Marriot (yup, Cosmo is a Marriot hotel - didn't know that) and turned into a casino...so there was a nifty little dishwasher in our "kitchenette" if we found the need. I met a gal at the pool who had a full size washer and dryer in her room. The Cosmo never bothered to remove the condo items. Hmm...  Room service: Who gets room service in Vegas? This gal, because I have to have my eggs first thing in the a.m. and I'm not dragging my ass down to a restaurant before at least brushing my hair - plus I had to use up those room credits. Fast delivery, very friendly staff, food A-OK but very inconsistent. Ordered the same thing two days in a row and cooking and preso were completely different. Restaurants: Couldn't say. Didn't dine at any because 1.) none really looked appealing compared to all of the thousand choices around us and 2.) I hadn't heard good things about any of them, and 3.) we had several free events to attend. Oh wait. I lie. My husband and I did each get a slice of pie from Secret Pizza one VERY late night. It was A-OK. Casino: Comparatively small. Mostly slots, not a lot of tables. Lowest Blackjack I found was $25 a hand. I guess I can't really complain though because my "luckiest person in the world" husband landed some $$$$ on the slots during our last night. :) Great drink service. Always around and super friendly. The Spa: Very pretty, natural stone walls...tiny! Got nothing on the Wynn! One hot tub, dry sauna, wet sauna. BUT, if you don't have any treatment done it is only $30 for a day pass - others are typically ~$75+. Again, great customer service. Are you noticing a trend here yet? The pools: Three to choose from. All are pretty small and boring (got nothing on Mandalay Bay). And, after about 2pm in June no direct sun because of the surround buildings casting a shadow. All three on different floors - just poor design. Lots of people (including) me walking around, changing loungers, to try to get an extra 10 mites of vit D. Towel guys and gals, and poolside servers really nice.  Overall: Very nice customer service all around (expect at the Chandelier where the bartenders are not only lazy, but also pompous asses). Great location in the heart of The Strip (City Center) and breathtaking views. BUT, compared to the dozen+ comp for price Casino and Resorts I've stayed at in Las Vegas...the Cosmpolitan would, sadly, not be at the top of my list. Honestly, this should be closer to a 2 star review, but all of the nice staff...and  the view, oh the view!
5	My new husband and I (Married last Saturday!!) went to Las Vegas for our 4 day long Honeymoon. We both just took new positions within our companies and knew a month long trip wasn't realistic at this time so we decided on a few days of fun in Las Vegas. We were greeted shortly after walking into the Cosmopolitan by Michael who was WONDERFUL! He was so kind and friendly and made us feel awesome. We ended up upgrading from a great room to a spectacular room! Our room was on the 65th floor and was facing the Bellagio and Planet Hollywood. It had a HUGE balcony and was exquisite in every way!! My husband and I could not have had a better experience. The following day Michael called our room around noon to make sure we were happy and ask if the newlyweds needed anything else. We couldn't believe the professionalism and courtesy that was shown to us.. We have only amazing and wonderful things to say about the Cosmopolitan and this is the only hotel we will stay in from now on when we visit Vegas. Even at checkout we got stellar service which was quick and wonderful.Thank you! Thank you! Thank you to the staff of the Cosmo :) We will be back!!
4	I'd heard many horror stories about this hotel: from barely legal party goers puking in every corner to the impossibility of getting into clubs or having to fork out a small fortune for the rooms, I was terrified about booking the place for BFF's bachelorette party and braced myself for disappointment.  With everyone in our group the wrong side of 30, which is like 80 in Cosmopolitan years, we worried about spending a weekend among thousands of hormonal himbos and bimbos cramping our relatively elderly style!  But I am beyond thrilled to report that almost every fear was laid to rest.  Here's why: Customer service was outstanding - the room was ready when they said it would be - roll-away bed was provided at no charge- extra towels and supplies were provided on time and with no issues, check out took mere seconds - everything was just so shockingly effortless I never wanted to leave!   I've been to Vegas many maaaany times, much to my bank account's despair, and have literally NEVER experienced such an easy check-in/out process.  It was absolutely fantastic.  The room cost a pretty penny but it was super luxurious and clean and with the bill split between the group, not too outrageous.  There was a huge balcony, incredible views, two bathrooms and a full kitchen, on top of all the standard features. Their buffet food (yes I like buffets, whatever!) was surprisingly good quality - not inexpensive but I highly recommend the brunch -it's wildly popular and the lines can be crazy but totally worth it; if you go early enough there is very little wait in fact. The Bamboo pool seemed a little tame for our taste, but the Boulevard pool was awesome - we got a day bed for $1,000 which included unlimited food and drinks.  Again, split 5-ways this ended up being great value for money - we spent the entire day lounging by the pool, eating and drinking as if we had been subjected to months of starvation.   The Marquee day/night club was magical - truly, if you somehow manage to get your name on the list and so avoid waiting in line, it is well worth a visit - loved the music, loved the setup, loved the whole experience.   Of course it gets very crowded and drinks are expensive but that's just Vegas for you.The one disappointing feature here is the casino section.  After all the great work and effort on the interior design, on the food, on the rooms, the pools, the clubs and every other feature of this amazing hotel, the casino seems pretty shabby in comparison.  It has this inescapable ghetto vibe which completely contradicts the rest of the place - claustrophobic and uninviting it is easily the most inferior part of the whole thing - which is a great pity because I actually enjoy spending an hour or so flushing my money down the slot machines once in a while.  The cosmopolitan is party central for sure and as such not a destination for pure relaxation, but it's a super fun, hip and trendy venue, still successfully hanging on to its cool factor and managing to enthrall and engage in ways that was really unexpected for me.  Enjoy your stay!
3	Recently stayed at their Terrace Suite for work related convention, a total of 3 nights, 4 days. And was both impressed and disappointed. Impressed because the room was beautiful, nicely designed. But disappointed because there was this constant feeling that the hotel was nickel and dimming the guests for every little thing! Here is the list:- if you want the Bellagio view, it's extra, this is called the "premier view"- if you want to use the gym, it's an extra $25 daily fee, not included in their resort fee, as we found out the hard way-you want internet connection? It starts at an extra $15 per day, also not included in the resort fee as they claimed to be. Also learned the hard way when we checked out.-if you go to Marquee pool and would like to sit down on one of their pool reclining chairs, be prepared to dish out $200. Yes, that's right. We checked out this pool on a Thursday (no pool day club), the place was dead yet they required you to purchase a minimum of $200 in drinks if you would like to recline yourself in one of their chairs...what a joke. I'm 5'2 130 lbs, how am I to consume $200 worth of drinks by myself? Complete rip off.In conclusion, Vegas is a place you don't go unless you are willing to spend a good amount of $$$. But let's just put it this way, out of all the hotels I've been to in Vegas, this hotel has been the most notorious for squeezing out every last cent out of their guests. I mean if you are already charging an arm and a leg to book a few nights, is it really necessary to nickel and dime your customers for every single little thing? Just saying.
4	It's pretty amazing property - Nice clean and spacious rooms - As a platinum member I was taken care off well by the property - They gave me an upgrade to 32nd floor with a strip view - They are bit pricey -
4	+1 Star from previous stay.Service overall definitely stepped up their game. Few things changed since my last visit here. Check in was amazing. Super fast and got the friendliest front desk person ever. He assisted me with a smile and was able to accommodate all of my requests.+1Got the wrap around for the 3rd time this year. This time it was definitely the CLEANEST out of all the times I stayed there. +1 star.Spoke with Nikola M from the concierge desk before my arrival and he delivered everything that he had promised and SOME +1While gambling at night I will still hold my word that this casino might not be the biggest but it has the nicest dealers IMO. The cocktail servers did not disappoint either. The only thing that I was missing was the Poker room. I hope they build one soon.  +1The only reason why this is NOT a 5 star review is due to the fact that upon check out my points were used without my consent to comp the mini bar. I would rather pay the fee for the mini bar than use my points. I was almost a gold member when I checked in and now I am barely a sterling. The way it was presented to me that I would get the mini bar comped because I played quite a bit this stay. Never mentioned using my identity points towards the mini bar bill...:| -1 starOverall thou this hotel still takes my #1 spot on the list. You cannot beat the location. You cannot beat the service and you definitively cannot beat having a balcony in your room.Coming back June 29th...will keep you posted!Cheers!
5	I absolutely love this hotel and I loved my stay here!!!! This place is beautiful!! I was lucky enough to get a suite with an outstanding view all to myself for a week here and oh my gosh, I felt like I was in heaven!!!! I was in Vegas strictly for Business so I didn't pay much attention to everything else in this hotel (casinos, shopping stores, clubs, bars, etc.) but I highly recommend getting a suite at this hotel anytime you're in Vegas whether it is for business or pleasure! You won't be disappointed!
1	easily one of the WORST Vegas hotel experiences I've EVER had.  booked a room with 2 queens.  called 1 week prior to trip to confirm over the phone that I would be getting a room with 2 queens since I'd be traveling with 2 young children.  everything was confirmed.  rep assured me they'd have a room w/2 queens bed ready for me.  come check in time at mid night, front desk was unfriendly and proceeds to tell me they ran out of rooms w/2 queen beds.  asked if they could put me in terrace room with 1 king and they'd bring in a double rollaway.  fine.  get up to the room, they bring in a single rollaway.  maid service informs me it's against fire code to have double rollaways in room.  so either front desk rep lied or didn't know his company's policy.  I call front desk to inform them that the single rollaway would be too small to fit both me and my wife.  the manager, anthony tells me I can sleep on the couch.  then threatens me that he should be charging me additional occupancy fees for individuals in excess of 2 adults.  I educated him that on Cosmo's website, the policy is to charge for adults in excess of 2.  add occupancy fee does not apply to children.  he says he'd never heard of that before.  another example of staff not knowing company policy.  spent another 10 mins on the phone with Anthony trying to understand why they couldn't fulfill my original reservation and all I got was "I can send someone with sheets for you to sleep on couch.  finally at 2am, I gave up.  not impressed with hotel.  even less impressed with hotel staff and service provided.  will never stay here again. for manager Anthony, see your company's policy below."ADDITIONAL PERSON CHARGESMaximum occupancy is four persons per room. Additional nightly fees apply for reservations with more than two adults. An adult is defined as an individual 18 years of age and older."
3	I went to Vegas for my bachelorette party and we stayed in the City Suite. The hotel itself is absolutely stunning! And our City Suite? To die for! Making the reservation was super easy and the communication was great. I requested early check-in and they gave it to us.  When my Matron of Honor called to get some help for their concierge; they were very helpful and gave us many suggestions.  We went to one of their 4 pools. This is where the service went a bit sour. The gentlemen that greet you, weren't helpful at all. We were barley greeted and didn't know where to go. Apparently you had to pay to sit somewhere; which we were not told. Finally, after walking around and looking dumb, we went back to the guys and they finally explained what we had to do. Great...thank you for letting us know NOW! And not when we first walked in... The pool is STUNNING! The bartenders...suck. I've been a bartender and server for a long time and it was THE WORST customer service I've ever had. My group contained 7 (very attractive) girls and it was impossible to get a drink...wasn't even busy. The bartender was complaining to us that he didn't want to be there and kept talking about how he wanted to leave to bet on the game and go to the gym. Not what we, your customers, want to hear buddy. You sound like a tool. He also made fun (and not even in a witty, playful manner) of our Chicago sports teams (where we are from).  We bought SO many drinks from them, rounds of shots...and didn't get a free drink at all!! Come on! I'm the bride! I take care of you, you take care of me. Nope. He could care less. He just wanted to get out of there. The pool could have gotten SO much for business from us, had they friendlier bartenders.   We went to STK for dinner which was fabulous. Complete opposite experience from the pool. The hostesses were sweet and professional. Our server was fantastic and so on top of it. We were in a rush to go catch a show, and he completely took care of us. The food was SO good!The casino is nice...but the management and some of their employees are really rude. One of their employees actually said something inappropriate and rude about me. Myself and the girls I were with were absolutely shocked and went to go talk to the manager. He also, just as rude. He was not taking us seriously. Very disappointed in the casino.All in all, I do like this hotel. It's gorgeous and the front desk staff is great. I would NOT use their pool or their casino. I'd go somewhere else =)Hope this was helpful!
5	I stayed here for the first time a couple of weeks ago and upgraded to a wraparound since I decided to go big on this visit, lol. It was pretty bad ass. I was on the 22nd floor right above MDC.
5	I had the opportunity to be able to stay at The Cosmopolitan this week after being comped a room for two nights. All I have to say is that this hotel is absolutely amazing!The staff is top notch. They were attentive and always smiling. I felt that they truly go out of their way to help you have a great experience.The room was BEAUTIFUL. Had an amazing view of the Bellagio's water show from our balcony, the bathroom was huge with a shower fit for two and a luxurious tub. The beds were comfortable, as were the rest of the furnishings. The casino is about as lavish and stylish as it gets. Each section of the casino has it's own flair, from a gigantic gorgeous crystal chandelier that hangs down multiple stories of the casino to my favorite, The Vesper Bar, where the best mixologists work tirelessly behind the bar to make the best cocktails in Vegas. Just give them even the vaguest description of what you like and the'll concoct something that will knock your socks off.If you ever have the opportunity to stay at the Cosmopolitan, I HIGHLY suggest that you make it happen!
5	This hotel is amazing!! I've stayed here a couple of times, and love the rooms and location. My favorite part is that the rooms have a balcony, and if you're lucky, you get a room facing the Bellagio fountains!! The view is beautiful during the day and at night!The only thing is that I feel like all the rooms are centered around the shower. It's designed for a couple, cause the showers are very open and have windows that look into the bedroom or the balcony. It makes sharing a room with friends a little difficult lol. And the bathroom doors don't lock, just FYI. And check out Secret Pizza and Holsteins while you're there!
5	from the 22 untill the 27 I had the pleasure of staying at the cosmo a treat for my 50 birthday we had an amazing time the room,the service was all 5 stars the best meal came from stk service and atmosphere wonderful I was up on the 67 floor in a one bedroom terrace the hotel located right in the middle of the strip get a bus pass and take the duece any where allday up in down the strip. Now the only one downfall was when we checked in which went really quick they asked us for a 750 deposit that we get back we had already paid for the room so thought that was odd but with no charges to room you do get it back all except a 28 dollar aday fee but a wonderful experiece
5	Beautiful designed hotel inside and out. A lot of attention to detail. Stayed in the Terrace One Bedroom. Fantastic view facing the strip. Derrick at the front desk was very friendly and helpful while checking us into our room. Our hotel had a Japanese soaking tub. What a relaxing amenity! We will only stay at the Cosmo when we go to Vegas. Fantastic customer service and a modern hotel!
4	I like this place. Despite the hour wait to check in. Our room is beautiful. And when we went to get our rewards card, the gal there listened to us about how we had to wait and hour and gave us a 2 for 1 coupon for the Wicked Spoon buffet. CL was really happy about that. We got the one bedroom terrace view room.
3	I've stayed at the Cosmopolitan twice now and can't say I'm overwhelmingly pleased.  High points: -Very friendly and accommodating front desk staff. It was truly a pleasure dealing with them. -The food at Wicked Spoon is DELICIOUS. You will never run out of options. Low points: -The cleanliness and condition of the room and hallway was unacceptable. The carpet in the hallway was very stained and I could tell that our room was beat to hell and never recovered.  It really needs a deep cleaning and touch up.-The elevators move at a glacial pace. -The bell boy we dealt with was completely rude and treated us like were idiots for choosing to drive back to Los Angeles at the time we did. -The process for picking up your car from valet is a nightmare. I felt like I was in an overcrowded bus station in the holding room that had NO AIR CONDITIONING. It was miserable and took about 30 minutes to get our car. Overall, the only reason I would return to the Cosmopolitan was if I got a great deal on a room to make up for all of its shortcomings.
5	Definitely one of my favorite hotels on the strip. Their rooms are spacious and luxurious! I've stayed in their regular rooms and their wrap around suite. The beds are so comfy it's like you're sleeping on clouds. The suites come with a kitchen so bring food to cook when you get the drunchies at 4am. There's also two bathrooms which is a life savor when you have a few more people staying in your room.The view is what makes this hotel 10/10. You alwAys get a beautiful view
5	I love this hotel. My host jay invited me over to their hotel over my bday weekend and told me room and food was taken care of. When my wife and I check into our room, they set us up in a wrap around suite. If you never been in one of these rooms, it's a must. I estimate 1500sqft, 2 bathrooms, separate bedroom and L-shape  balcony which can fit 100 people overlooking the Bellagio water show and the Las Vegas lights. The hotel is truly cosmopolitan.
1	I stayed in room #3717 from 6/27/2014 to 6/29/2014, and I checked out at around 1 pm on the 29th. Right after that, I have found out I lost an Hermes shopping bag in the room. Including a mug, a bracelet, twillies, a scarf, a part of sunglasses, and a horse charm (all brand new and well-wrapped) in my bag, they worth about $8000. Thus I called the Lost & Found Dept. of the hotel on 6/30/14 at 8 am, and they said they didn't get report from any housekeeper. I had to call the housekeeping manager, Lynn Motoyama, to report this case. After an hour, I called back Lynn, but she said the housekeeper threw them away as trash! I don't believe that a professional housekeeper could not recognize the differences between trash and wrapped luxuries. I personally cannot accept such a ridiculous excuse! The irresponsible and nonprofessional services on such a case has made my stay at this hotel a terrific nightmare and a regretful loss.
5	This hotel was great. The decor and service was awesome. I would definitely stay here again. It's centrally located, which makes it very convient. Our room was facing the strip and the view was amazing. We could see the water show at the Bellagio from our room. Get a top floor the water show is so much better looking down at than viewing it from the strip.
5	I absolutely love this place it was my second time here and without doubt it is the most chic and beautiful hotel!  MY FAVE hotel!From the entrance to the rooms it is just Outstanding! The decorations, seriously Cosmopolitan!  Yes it is very expensive but totally worth it - even if you stay in the cheapest of the rooms.This time i was lucky to stay in one of the balcony suits facing to the fountains and the eiffel tower and it was  so beautiful! The room had 2 full bathrooms, kitchen fridge, oven and microwave, Wait!!!  it also had washer and dryer! Yes I have never seen that before and i loved it! The service was so high class it was out of this world! The maids, the bell boys and the operators are  just amazing when taking care of the guests! Really enjoyed my stay there! I will be back!
1	The worst hotel I have been as far as guest services (checking in). We got here few hours ago and they said that the room that we reserved is no longer available. The manager was extremity rude and they were not willing to give us a better room. We ended up paying more for a smaller room. I would never come back here to stay.
1	Ruined our anniversary.   Came here all the time and spent a lot of money here.  But now they are more interested in catering to the day club kids who don't pay to stay here.  Noise level is obnoxious!! They don't care. Hope the kids have the money to keep it floating.  Bad marketing to those who have money and want to gaveWant  a decent adult time without the boom box like the jack hammer out side your window.  Ugh.  Stay at the Wynn if you want class.
1	This is the worst experience I have ever had  checking in to a hotel!!!! We paid in full they charged us but because we showed up late checking in they sold our room away!!!! I will never ever come to this hotel again!!! I drove 5 1/2 hours for them to tell me there was nothing they can do!!!! I wish this had a -100 ... They told us we should have called to tell them we were going to be late!!!!!! Can you believe that ???????? What are we kids????? We reserved the room for 3 days it was paid for 3 days!! There is nothing in the hotel policy that states to call for being late, it only states to call in advance when canceling!!!! This is unacceptable, This hotel just wanted to make double the money! Terrible customer service, never again!
5	I love the Cosmo! It's the place to be! It's chic and stylish. They have restaurants you want to eat at and shows to see. Drinks to drink! That's my favorite thing!! I LOVE their award winning food and beverage department! Their drink creations are amazing. I've not stayed in a room but I've been in them and they are ah-maz-ing! No wonder they cost a pretty shiny penny. I love the details in the decor. I love that they have resturants that you want to go to and are worth going to. I love Cosmo's trendy ways. Recently we saw Chelsea Handler. Well the tickets said she was playing in the 'whatever' theatre (I forget the name) so we are all over the place trying to find a place that doesn't exist. Only to find out it's the Chelsea theatre. so we take the long walk there, and we want to get drinks and the line is sooo long. Luckily we said forget it and there were more bars ahead! Don't get sucked into the first bars you see! So we get drinks and we get stopped by an usher who directs us to the usher at the door, that usher directs us to another usher that was behind us and that usher directed us to the wrong seats! Which really wouldn't have mattered because the back of the theatre wasn't full but you know how people are. The theatre itself isn't that impressive for the Cosmo really the seats weren't terrible, I mean we did get pretty much the average priced tickets but they were ok. Not what I expected for the Cosmo. Anyway, glad you're in my city Cosmo!
1	This hotel/resort is the worst! It started with check in. They named several fees that were not told to me when I made the reservation. Then they had no record of me paying for the first night two months prior. Luckily I was able to pull up my bank account showing the cleared transaction. While staying in hotel my room was only cleaned once. I happened to walk in room while he was cleaning and noticed he only FLUFFED my sheets and did not change them. Then he left without replacing the dirty glasses. The next day house keeping did not show up until 4:30. I asked her to come back in 30 minutes because we were getting ready to leave for second time that day. Upon returning @ 7 pm, our room still had not been cleaned. The next compliant is about the pool which closes at 7 pm. There is no way to spend the day on the strip and still have enough time to relax at the pool. Other than the balcony view. This hotel has no special amenities worth the price! You really don't even use the balcony that much because you spend most ur time out the room anyway
4	This is one of the classiest casinos in Las Vegas. It is pretty upscale so you have to be able to afford to stay here. I have partied in a wrap around suite before and it provides one of the most stunning views on the strip. I love the restaurant selection here as well. I have eaten at multiple places here, but my favorite one has to be STK. Even if you're just dropping in to be a tourist to take a photo in one of the giant shoes on the floor, its a blast at this location. They also have some pretty cool lounges for cocktails. I also enjoy this place because it's not a place where you are going to find many kids or any ratchets. It's a higher class of patrons that hang here.
1	i don't know where to start. hotel - the worst hotel i ever been to in my vegas life!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! we got to cosmopolitan at 2:30pm we went to check in line. so crazy how we waited in line for 30 mins not because the line was very long but these agents just take to d*** long. now that we got to an open agent we told them our information to check. the agent said " unfortunately  your room has been given away to another customer." what hotel does that? i was so shocked and pretty piss to start my vacation as you don't have a room. who gives room away to other people that is already paid. what kind of idiot does that!?!?!? we drove 5 hours to hear that we don't have the room we booked. and a reminder it wasn't the cheapest room either! i understand if they give away smoking rooms away but jesus ... not only did they give us a smaller room the agent said oh well we are going to take off $200 dallors off on your room. well no s*** you are giving us a smaller room. isnt that given? so stupid. and after i started yelling at the agent and asking for the manager he leaves to get the manager and comes back by himself. what kind of manager leaves a angry customer and not come to handle the problem when the agent cant? horrible customer service. oh by the way cosmo your 100 dallor credit is a piece of ****. :) second, the rooms are dirty. very dirty. the bathroom is dirty. i rarely take showers with my flip flops on. the shower area, the floor is black and you can see soap scums everywhere. i dont think they bother to clean anything. sink had soap stain everywhere. the mirror and water marks everywhere. remind you ladies, they are no bathtub in the 2 bed suit rooms. the tissue box only had 2 tissues. strange you would think they would check to make sure a least there's half.. we called house keeping to get extra towels and pillow. that took exactly 2 hours and 27 mins... very nice.. we normally stay at aria and wynn. but i've heard that cosmo was pretty nice so we decided to stay but dang never will i stay there and i will make sure none of my friends and family will go there. also i understand people throw up places where they shouldnt be but its vegas, but aleast clean the throw up right away, why do workers stare at is and away and no body show up till later? great way to gamble and smell throw up. last, why dont cosmo just hire security guards or whatever to check that they are going to their rooms instead of making the key go in, in the elevator. REMINDER if you dont put the key in time the door will close and go on to whatever floor its going. You can not just press the room floor and be able to go out. its complicated and stupid. its not good. think twice before you stay here.
3	3 1/2 stars. Arrived on a Monday and checked in at the Autograph lounge which means shorter lines since I'm a Premier Platinum member for life via Marriott rewards.Unfortunately like other reward programs the reward program recent adjustments don't get their top 5% loyal customers much of anything now a days.  Profit driven corporations including the Marriott program which includes the Autograph Collection (The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas). Platinum members are offered 500 rewards points or a $10.00 credit towards food or beverages purchased during their stay. No longer offered are the complimentary brunches at Wicked Spoon, welcome gifts of adult libations or hors d'oeuvre. Upgrades on the rooms are honored IF available and during this stay the Electronic Daisy Carnival was in town so  these were non existent.  Even the valet check in and just getting around the hotel was a challenge - it was so overwhelmingly busy I opted to avoid dinning in house or hanging out due to the excess crowds and waiting. Another con was booking my stay here via the Marriott website which promoted three nights for the price of two & a deposit up front. The nightly fee of the room didn't include the resort fee or nightly tax which was not disclosed on the confirmation. The website doesn't disclose the nightly rate is the discounted rate per night up front and the third night was not deducted at checkout as usual.  In addition, all three resort fees and taxes were added. I thought this was deceiving and feel they impr disclosing this up front. As for the room all was good except with the bathroom hardware handle which continued to fall off when accessed to shut or open the sliding door. I had to call maintenance to repair it - which they did promptly. I alos didn't like the mattress here due to they were overly soft and mushy - result backache. Will I return here again? The jury is deliberating on this one still!
5	I've stayed in the Cosmo twice now, and I wouldn't stay anywhere else in Las Vegas. It's impeccably clean, stylish, and sexy. The staff is beyond friendly and hospitable. Great restaurants (Blue Ribbon, The Henry (get the shortrib benedict-- amazing! & Scarpetta are A+) and the Marquee Club is sooooo much fun!! There's also a secret pizza spot that rivals New York pizza (for the West Coast, at least!)I am not a gambler- but gave it a try for fun and even the people working in the casino were super nice- they taught me how to play 21 and were very patient. They could have easily rolled their eyes at me and told me to buzz off!! For the size of the room, hospitality, and overall experience- I think it's the best deal you will get in Vegas. Will definitely return!
2	Pretty hotel..but NO COFFEE MAKER!! Paid $15 for them to bring coffe to my room and it was only enough for 2 cups!! And the fridge only has room for their stuff that they want you to buy! And a small freezer area. Not that serious! Thanks but no thanks Cosmo! You can do better!
5	Stayed in a lanai suite and it was perfect! The rooms are very well decorated and have a very masculine feel with leather strap decorations and bold manly colors. This is the first time that I've stayed at the Cosmo and let me tell you that they do everything in they're power to make you feel fantastic! Gorgeous rooms and the casino, well that is a whole different story. It is elegant, sexy and luxurious! This is my new Vegas property from here on out!
4	Is it weird that the smell of the hotel is one of the reasons why I liked the place? None of the other hotels had this distinct smell. It was fruity? Can't describe it....you'll just have to go there and take a wiff at what I'm talking about.Being one of the newer hotels, I expected nothing less. The decor is gorgeous. From the moment you enter the the hotel and throughout the entire place, you will find very chic decor and furniture. Of course, the chandelier was the main attraction. The staff is great and the restaurants in the hotel are awesome! The secret pizza place and Wicked Spoon are a must when staying at the Cosmo. Also, the Boulevard Pool is sweet. It's a day club in itself! Very very chic and spacious, and I love the idea of having a cold pool, a warm pool, and a hot tub.The room was...average. It was pretty small but we had a gorgeous view of the Bellagio fountains, so we were able to watch the show from our room. The one thing I disliked was the window to the shower. There's a full length window that has blinds only accessible from the OUTSIDE. This means that to whoever is taking a shower, they better pray that the people sitting on the beds outside the bathroom aren't dbags. Unfortunately for me, when people are drunk, all reason flies out the window, and I found myself yelling at one of the guys who pulled the blinds on me in a drunken stupor. Also, I figured out that if the light in the bathroom is on and the lights in the bedroom are dim, you can see every silhouette in the shower. Makes for awkwardness. Feel like this window feature can do more bad than good....Anyways, great location on the strip, close to all of the other great hotels, and has a lot to offer. Definitely a great hotel.
4	Stayed here 2 times in a row for the 4th of july holiday. Last year had a terrace 1bdrm in the east tower. Was perfect for our party of 3. Spent most of my time on the awesome balcony with the lovely views of the Bellagio. The east tower is closer to all of the Cosmos amenities and establishments and the strip, but further from the cabs. Had really good times and the Cosmo's central location was such a relief for making moves easily and the lovely ambience and was always so nice to come back to. I was always so pleased with my choice to stay here after visiting other hotels for venues. The Cosmo looks and smells so nice! (Yes, it has a nice fragrance throughout the hotel, other places smell quite old and musty, so its noticeable and memorable) Also worth mentioning, the Walgreens and liquor stores are right across the street. Our great experience last year led to us making another recommendation for us to return this year, this time with a party of 5 for a bachelorette/birthday, we got a terrace suite this time, but with a connecting one bedroom like last year. The terrace suite gave us a full kitchen with fridge where we could comfortable store our booze and left overs, (big deal, cause in the regular room theres only a pre-stocked mini fridge with no room to put your own stuff) also the terrace suite has 2 additional bathrooms which is so essential when rolling with a group of girls! With our connected 2 room setup, we had a total of 2 king size beds and 3 bathrooms, and we got a good deal on the room rates by booking directly through the cosmo with their 1 free night promotion. This time around we were in the westend tower, the view of the Bellagio fountain and strip is further back than it was last year when we stayed in the east tower, but the suites only come in the west tower, and the view of the Bellagio fountains didn't really matter since they barely turned it on this year. Staying in the westend towers was the reverse of our last stay, because it was more convenient for getting cabs, but then we had to walk across to the east tower many times a day to get to amenities, such a secret pizza, chandelier bar and the pools. I'd say if you're not staying in a suite, try and request the east tower for more convenience. But the view alone from the west is really not that bad. Based off of our first experience, I would have given this place 5 stars, but unfortunately the quality of service noticeably dropped from the last time we were there. We had to call the front desk and speak to people several times to get simple requests, like more hangers and towels. When we did get hangers, they were wire hangers. Totally unacceptable. Then having a suite with a "full kitchen" was useless, when there was not a single plate, glassware, piece of cutlery, a pot, a sponge, or even a squeeze of soap to wash a dish. None. We had to call down several time to get basic supplies to actually use our kitchen and rinse our wine glasses since we were drinking wine nonstop and they would take forever to bring a new set, and each time we spoke to someone, we were met with resistance and confusion. They wouldnt even lend us a pair of scissors, claiming that it was a safety concern, which is the stupidest excuse ever, when you have knives and glass in the room, how is a scissor anymore distinctive? And what kind of clientele are you hosting that is asking for scissors for such reasons? It was all very frustrating. Only after speaking directly with a few managers and taking names did we finally get them to roll up a cart with 5 of everything to stock the kitchen for our group and received a small resort credit which we spent at the overlook grill for breakfast, because we explained how disappointed we were in choosing this place, where they clearly made it a point to note the bachelorette/birthdays we were celebrating, but offered no incentive to acknowledge the occasions or make us feel special for being a returning full price paying customer, thats bringing more people and booking more rooms than the previous year. There are too many options of where to stay in Vegas, especially new ones, for the Cosmo to disregard or not give thanks and appreciation to their patrons for any reason. We didnt even need much, just a simple bottle of wine, or a small box of white chocolate covered strawberries upon arrival would have been a nice enough touch to make us feel good about dropping so much money just to be here, but the lack of stock, combined with the poor service and attitudes we met throughout the property, and frustration in trying to resolve all during our short stay, were very discouraging. I still think i might stay here once more, to give it one more try, because once all the stock and incentives issues were somewhat resolved, the place is still fine for their comfy plushy beds, great terrace views, and convenient central strip location. Plus its just pretty. Tighten up on your service and room stocki
3	An honest review of the Cosmo...First the good...location location location. The Cosmo is centrally located on the strip. If you don't want to have to check the car out every time you want to head out some where; this place is IT. The Cosmo caters to the 20 something crowd so if you are into people watching this place will work for you. Bell desk and valet was on the ball. They arrived when they said they will and even called me to let me know they damaged my car while in their care. It was barely noticeable so they could have just disregarded it I probably would never have noticed.Wicked spoon had some unique offerings like bone marrow and made to order ramen but is it the buffet to end all buffets?...not even close. The not so good...I found the front desk to be extremely condescending. I called for the grocery pkg but was transferred around like I'm the idiot. Nobody had a clue what I was asking for till I finally told them to check their website. It's listed under hotel amenities...When they finally brought the table settings and food to the room housekeeping must have moved things around in the refrigerator so of course  I get charged up the neck because their cans of red bulls and smart water was moved off their sensors. I called front desk to let them know it was not me that their housekeeping must have set off the sensors while moving things into the "subzero" fridge so please remove the charges. Their reply to me was not "oh sorry we will remove the charges" instead she tells me to not move the sodas and alcohols around if I do not want to be charged because they are all on weight sensors...oh really you think! I guess she did not hear a word I said to her.Empty beer bottles and water bottles were left outside on the wrap around balcony...just a slight miss by housekeeping.Housekeeping could not figure out for me how to turn on the stove or why some of the lights did not work. Eventually I figured it out myself.I was confirmed for a strip view wrap around balcony suite at check in but of course they don't have a room ready for me so then why confirm it...offer me something else instead...don't let me wait around for 2 hrs. I ended up in a 52nd floor west tower wrap around balcony suite... Still pretty amazing views of the strip and the fountains. I can keep going but I'm not going to nick pick this place to death. The Cosmo has it's crowd and it clearly is not targeting me. I will stick to the Mandarin, Aria, heck even Encore next time.
5	GorgeousThe place to be !Nice, confortable, modernEverything that is needed to spend a fabulous timeI recommend this place !!!Love it
1	Before I booked my trip to Vegas I asked my friends via a Facebook poll which hotel they would recommend. They all had mentioned how nice The Cosmopolitan was, but none of them had actually stayed there, just gambled, used the pool and ate there but they all loved it and assured me it was worth the price so I booked two nights there. I was extending a business trip for pleasure and had been staying at the Flamingo for a conference for the 4 days prior to my check in at the Cosmopolitan. I was so looking forward to staying in a nicer hotel since work had paid for the first part of my trip I got stuck in an older hotel. Upon arrival I was so excited and the man at the front desk was so sweet, but then I got to my room. It looked like someone had taken a nap in the bed, the tables were filthy and had not been wiped down and there were crumbs all over the floor worse of all the shower was disgusting, brown goo was dripping down the wall and the grout was black with mold in a lot of the places. I burst into tears because I had been waiting all week to stay in a nicer hotel only to get there and find such a disgusting mess. I immediately called down to the front desk and they sent up a house keeping manager who was nice but kept making excuses for how bad the room looked. Even the phone was filthy I didn't want to touch it. There was dust everywhere and the desk look like coffee had been split on it and no one had thought to wipe it up. The only good thing about this room was the view. It was BEAUTIFUL but after the housekeeping manager came to verify that the room "was not up to standard" She moved me to another room that was cleaner, but this room had a view of a parking lot. I was not happy. I essentially got downgraded. I had to tell her I will not take this room, the view is horrible. Finally she got me into a much nicer suite with a terrace. I was so exhausted by this time (it was going on two hours of trying to figure this out) I just wanted to be done and go lay by the pool. I had been in Vegas for 5 days and hadn't had a chance to lay by a pool at all because of work. By the time we had it all figured out the pool was closing. So I basically paid a 28 dollar resort fee to spend the day hoping they would get their act together. I honestly didn't look my new suite over that well. It had a lovely view but I had tickets to see a show at 7 so I had to get a move on. When I got back from my show I went to take a bath in their nice bathtub and there was dirt in the bottom of the tub and a ring around the tub, and to make matters worse there was black hair all over the place, at the bottom of the tub and in the drain. I took a shower instead because that looked cleaner. The vanity in the bathroom didn't look like it had been wiped down either. I wanted to puke. Finally I went to bed because was exhausted I fell right to sleep. In the morning when I woke up i pulled back the sheet only to find black hair all over the INSIDE of the bed. All over the sheets and pillows. The housekeeping manager stopped by later that day and had asked me how things were going and I told her about the dirt and hair and she didn't even flinch. No excuses no sorry she just told me to leave a note for the housekeeper to make sure to clean it better, but I am pretty sure that was her job not mine. I also went to have breakfast on the terrace that morning and found cigarette butts all over it and the chair did not look clean. The table had sticky goo all over the place. All and all I had a horrible experience. I do not understand how The Cosmopolitan gets away with having such a horrible cleanliness standards especially at a "luxury property" it was shocking, I've never stayed at a hotel with so many housekeeping issues. The only good thing was the employees by the bamboo pool and my view. The employees at the pool were excellent both days I was there, but it still didn't make up for the traumatic experience of actually staying at the Cosmopolitan.
1	The hotel itself gets 5 stars. I have to give them such a low score because of their security management. I was sexually harassed in the elevator my first day. (According to video the guy poked my behind. When I reported it I just said he touched my behind in someway since I wasn't positive what he had done) a security manager took my statement and assured me it would be handled. It wasn't. The tapes were not even reviewed until after my nearly weeklong stay had ended... On my second to last night, I was assaulted again in the elevator. I was 100% sober. The report does not say that because it was EDC weekend. I will admit I got in the guys face after he shoulder checked me and I was screaming and red hot angry, but I did not touch him or threaten to. I just made sure he didn't leave, notified cleaning staff who called security. I was extremely shaken up especially because this was the second incident of unwanted physical contact in less then a week! I have an anxiety disorder and nearly had a panic attack so the guard ex courted me to my room to take my medication then asked if I wanted the police called. After saying yes, I was taken to the security interview room. That is when things got ridiculous. I was still incredibly upset and had my friend with me. I was asked for my story several times, when the security manager (same one that "helped" me with my first incident) came in. When I said I wanted to press charges he scared and threatened me out of doing so. He said the guy who hit me could and would press charges against me in retaliation and that he would personally kick us out of the hotel as trespassers. When I asked to speak to another manager he denied my request. I felt trapped because I would have nowhere else to stay so I didn't press charges. When I checked out of the hotel I told a manager what happened he was polite and curtesy of course and he said he would pass it on. It was passed into risk management.The guy dealing with my claim admitted he did not watch the tape from the interview room and refused to do so because reports from that day did not mention the managers threats (surprise, surprise...) and that I was intoxicated. When I responded by saying that it was wrong that he didn't even consider the possibility I was telling the truth bc a report made by people working under the manager said I was drunk and that I changed my mind about pressing charges and it shouldn't matter because he can watch the video and hear the manager threaten me himself. He responded by saying he had watched enough videos and would not watch it. As I told him, I hope his (you or your) daughter, mother, or sister is never judged and treated the way I was after being assaulted and then further mistreated by someone who is SUPPOSED to get down to the truth.I am shocked that a hotel I paid $2000 for and charges more then that usually would tolerate employees speaking to a guest like that and bullying them. Even if I had been drunk he threatened me with eviction if I pressed charges! So wrong.Needless to say I am seeing what the Las Vegas police can do about this matter. I may not get anywhere, but I will do whatever I can to see that this doesn't happen to anyone else.
5	Finally stayed at the Cosmo.  It's always been over my comfortable price range considering we like to stay in Vegas for 4-5 days usually.  At $300/night that's a big expense for most.  However during this summer we got a 3 nights for 2 at already reduced prices so I went for it.Overall I'm glad I stayed here and would stay again.  It is very expensive.  This is a top-tier hotel on the Strip no doubt.  With Marquee dayclub & nightclub, fantastic restaurants, beautiful people and architecture, and a breathtaking view off any balcony suite - it ranks next to Encore as my favorite place to stay.People say why spend money on a room when you're only going to be in it for a few hours to sleep.  I disagree.  We want it to be a home away from home.  We want luxurious furnishings, amenities and fixtures with a large double-sinked bathroom and shower big enough for a party.  I'm sad I didn't get to try the jacuzzi tub - I will next time.  For me the balcony is the top draw.  Why other hotels don't have balconies in Vegas is beyond me.  Palms Place locked their balconies which will be the downfall of that hotel.Make sure you visit the Chandelier bar at least once.  Drinks are pricey so choose wisely.We also decided to go out to the Boulevard Pool.  Originally we were only staying for an hour or so.  We loved it so much we got a daybed and spent near $300 on margarita pitchers and food.  If you get a bed, remember they automatically add a 21% gratuity to the bill.  Not that bad, but read your receipt before you add another 20% by mistake.  Also unless it's a really hot day, don't sit under the misters or you and your things will get soaked - one of the reasons we ended up getting a daybed.Love the Cosmo.  Didn't like the slots.  They aren't loose at all and I tried a lot of them.  Save your money for another casino but come to the Cosmo to feel like a millionaire in their elaborate rooms.
3	I came last weekend for a bachelorette party. This hotel is aesthetically pleasing, although not near as lux as tons of the reviews on this site would lead you to believe. Also, be prepared to be treated like child as many of hotel policies are meant to restrain the apparently immature, stupid, and by 10pm? wasted guests that stay here. There are 4 pools at the hotel, none of which provide consistent sunlight during the day/evening hours as the hotel is in the 5-8pm shadow of the Aria next door. But that mostly doesn't matter as the pool closes at 7 anyway. After that, you ARE NOT ALLOWED OUTSIDE on the pool deck until the next morning when the pool opens.I'm sorry, I didn't know I was in prison on my vacation! I can't go outside to enjoy the hotel pool when I just paid $400 a night to stay here? WTF?  This is obviously to keep the intoxicated masses (potentially drunk and disorderly hotel guests) from throwing impromptu pool parties. Which means the other people staying here who would like to lounge by the pool and have a cocktail after 7 are out of luck. Moving on. Everything you want to buy on hotel premises is a shameless 3 to 4X's the price it would normally be. I spent more $ on incidentals and bottled water from the convenience store as I did at the bar. Rooms: Small as you would expect. Bed: fine not exceptional. Toiletries: Bigelow, not worth the price of the room! Mini Bar: don't move a thing because you will be charged. (This means you cannot use the fridge and get charged for one if you want an extra which is supposed to go where in your closet of a room?)Yep, that's about it. I will never be back here. DO go talk to the concierge people before you leave to avoid having random sh#$% show up on your credit card bill when you arrive back at home. Nice. Do not bring children here. What is the point? The staff is nice I feel bad for them having to deal with the attitude of many of the patrons that stay here.
5	This is a great hotel, and definitely one of the best I've stayed at in Las Vegas. I can't speak to the pricing as I booked it on points, but they offered us excellent service as Marriott Platinum Elite members, and both of our rooms were top-notch. This review will mainly focus on the Terrace One Bedroom experience.The hotel itself has endless amenities, and I will not list them here as they have a website for that, but suffice it to say that you'll never run out of things to do even if you never leave the hotel. The lobby is actually really cool, with giant TV-tiled columns featuring animated designs. The Terrace One Bedroom, as you can see from the photo, is huge and very well-appointed. Not seen in the photo is the massive bathroom with shower, hot tub, and great views of the Strip.It's very accessible from the Strip via the casino and it's super easy to get around for drinks, food, or gaming. Just don't accidentally leave from the side entrance, or you'll get stuck off of the main walkway with no way back on other than hopping a fence.Great hotel, and I'd stay again in a heartbeat.
1	To be specific this revue is in reference to The West End Penthouse and Marquee VIP experience.Embarassing.....  I was the guest of a gentleman that I give a volume of business were he makes a nice income.  We also happen to be friends.  We were celebrating his wifes birthday.  Before heading to Il Molina for dinner we wanted to celebrate by opening a bottle of Dom.   We did not have an ice bucket in our room.  It must have been removed by the maid.  Upon requesting one from our butler "personally" not via a phone call HE NEVER RETURNED..   $4.500 a night for that kind of service.  What a joke.We also had a VIP table reserved at Marquee.   Unbelievable the time and disorganization to figure out who we were and let bring us to our table so we could spend a couple more thousand dollars.  How does making us wait an hour outside the club make any sense.GREAT hotel, amazing  beautiful place but stay away of your looking for any type of VIP service or appreciation for those that spend thousands daily.. not including the wagering....
4	Hipster heaven. Our 2nd stay at the Cosmo and we enjoy it very much....but we aren't hipsters. On weekends..the LA crowd seemingly take the place over..but during the week its much more laid back and enjoyable. early check in was a breeze...room is large..bed comfortable..bathroom is extremely nice....all you could want in a vegas hotel. we love the private outdoor patio...might be the only spot in vegas to have them! we used 2 of the swimming pools...both very intimate and comfortable. restaurant choices are many...but why the loud music almost everywhere? Really cannot say a bad word/ Glitzy and wonderful!
5	I didn't stay here during my trip to Vegas but I did go through it since I went to Marquee Day and Night Club.This place looked amazing.  Each floor, room, section, hallway all had their individual stories to tell.  Beautifully themed and masterly planned out decorations.  Felt like a million dollars walking through this place.  You can definitely tell this place is a step above all the other hotels.  You can also tell the crowd is very different from the crowd you'll see in other hotels.  That's what I love about Vegas.  You can find millionares and the homeless all within a mile radius of each other.
5	I have stayed at this hotel twice and both times it was amazing the rooms are really nice and modern. The service is amazing as well. If you have a chance to stay here I would.
5	The Eastside Tower Rules. My rating of the 1 bedroom suite I stayed in for two days: 4 stars.*Large Patio. SO VALUABLE on a summer day and night in Vegas. No one else on the strip has them. Pop champagne, toast, relax. Watch the lights and the crowds of people! *Usable freezer and big microwave (useful for restaurant leftovers or uneaten pizza from "The Secret Pizza Place" on the 3rd floor!- MUST TRY the "White" pizza slice!)*2-seater Bath w/ clear views of the Bellagio fountains and Vegas skyline. Amazing.*Room-like shower.  *Cool wallpaper and design elements *Cool art books and mini library in roomNote: As I have stayed in many different Vegas resorts, I can lend these suggestions happily:*Room needs a "Master" remote that controls everything in the room- including the shades*The mattress could have been more comfortableMy rating of hotel environment, ambiance, and design: 5+ stars! *This is THE most "beautiful" casino on the strip. The Cosmo hotel is the most aesthetically pleasing location you will find. I never ran into any kind of mess or trash of any kind. The check-in area- WOW! Very cool, alive, and creative. Everything on site was spotless and sleek at ALL times. Pretty impressive. Saying that the Cosmo lent much attention to detail doesn't lend much respect to the designers, so let me just say you have to see it to appreciate it! Lastly, as a loyal M-Life member, I love how the casino looks and the size of the rooms but I would suggest that the Cosmo improves their loyalty programs so it would be worth staying there more consistently. I love this hotel, but Vdara is still my #1. Enjoy!
5	Great hotel!Hip fun and alive!The rooms are beautiful with a  swanky hipster vibe.The many restaurants are fabulous. A new place to try every night!STK, Holsteins, wicked spoon. All e are must dos!The best are the free lemon drop martinis in actual martini glasses while you play. Did I mention they're super yummy, too!The valet offers water while you wait - a special touch that I love!The pool is super fun with lounge chairs in the water so you can stay cool... Or maybe a chaise lounge by the misters.How about the pool tables & foosball, & TV's  to keep you company?So much good stuff going on!My only regret was the Neopolitan at the the pool. The advertised as ice cream meets alcohol. But all we got was a slushy for $20! I felt robbed. Definitely stay away from neopolitan.
5	This is a gorgeous property. I had a great time walking and playing in the casino. Be sure to check out the art work and videos of old school Vegas on the second floor. This is a must visit when in Las Vegas.
5	I had the blessing to be able to stay at the Cosmo for free during EDC 2014 week (Thursday-Monday) since my cousin got a comped room. The decor was dark, modern, and fabulous. There were so many things to do and just to explore here in the hotel. The chandelier bar was awesome as well as the bar with dancers above it (I forget the name) they had awesome music playing while we were having drinks Thursday night. We definitely enjoyed the secret pizza place! The white pizza with meat ball was amaze-balls. I'm not sure how much of a secret it is but they have their own listing on yelp so not so secret.We got a room with balcony and view of the strip not to mention the Bellagio fountains that was neat. The room was nice and spacious and the bathroom was immaculate. The crowd there was definitely a big mix between business, hipsters, fashionable folks, and EDC party go-ers. The hotel was definitely popping Friday afternoon. I will defintely be back to party!
5	I love it here. Hands down my favorite hotel I've ever been to. Blue Ribbon, the sushi place inside, is my favorite sushi place ever....  Beautiful atmosphere... Hella expensive, but definitely worth it...The rooms in the Cosmo are incredible, and just writing this reallly makes me want to go back... right now...It's super clean, very, very beautiful... And the restaurants inside are great :)Definitely would recommend staying here over every other hotel in Vegas. I've been to quite a few of them.
5	This hotel is absolutely gorgeous. The chandelier crystals are breathtaking. I stayed in a one bedroom terrace suite. The bedding was top notch and the bathroom was luxurious. There was no counter space for makeup, but there were drawers that sufficed. The Japanese bath tub. AMAZING. Filled up quickly and was so relaxing with the view of the strip. Very big and deep. The minibar automatically detects if anything is moved, but there is a separate shelf for personal use. Neat! There is also a microwave but no dishes as far as I could see. Huge sitting area with a selection of coffee table books. Staff was very friendly. My boyfriend lost his wallet and valet and security were extremely helpful in helping us find it. At $400 per night, the Cosmo still exceeded our expectations. I'll definitely be coming back.
4	What a hip, trendy hotel, it's a tossup between this and Planet Hollywood.  Serious eye candy every where you look, it's literally like a niteclub with the music blaring.  Even the dealers were dancing a bit, lol. definitely not allowed back home.Love the central, hanging facade of lights, almost like a mesh pattern.Upstairs is their famous burger join, Holsteins and the highly-recommended Wicked Spoon buffet, which I totally regret not trying..  There's only so much food this stomach can hold.
4	This hotel is slowly making it's way back to my ok list.  Well, a free weekend here doesn't hurt either.Their players card program is much more generous than the big 2 (MLife and Total Rewards) and they have already sent both my husband and I separate offers to come back for a free weekend.  Not bad.  Last time I was here, I won a decent amount playing craps.  Might have to try my luck again.  Still not the best place to come if you have kids.  Not that it's bad, but there are other hotels that are much more family friendly.  That being said, this is a gorgeous casino with equally gorgeous rooms.  If you're here with friends, this place isn't bad.  You can't beat the view from your balcony overlooking the Bellagio fountains.
1	Gross. Smells like they pump Axe body spray through the vents. It looked like the reject room of a trashy real it t.v. casting call.  Jersey shore wanna be guys and skanky drunk girls tripping over their cheap heels that they can't walk in. Girls passed out in the lounge and in chairs around the lobby/casino area. Trashy,  tacky decor. We did not interact with any staff or try anything at all. The overpowering amount of trashyness prevented me from enjoying myself. I took one lap around to say that I have seen the place. Beyond that I couldn't hold my breath any longer. When I reached the door, eager to get some fresh air, I was nearly trampled by Pauly D impersonators who where swearing, yelling and yes, fist bumping their way inside.
5	I stayed at this hotel back in April and it was amazing! The workers are all very helpful and polite! The room was just immaculate! I stayed in the wraparound terrace suite and is absolutely a must to stay in! Rooms could be quite pricey but I defenitly will stay here again!
2	Here's the thing.  It's trying really, really hard to be something special but it's missing real elegance, service, comfort and amenities the well-heeled traveler is looking for.Number one - Bad coffee!  No Starbucks or Peets or even a no name coffee that just tastes good.  Watery, tea like, tasteless coffee.  The Cosmopolitan bills itself as a sexy, metro chic hotel but it was filled with small children running around, splashing in the pools and screeching.  As a parent of older children, I love children, but when I want a kid free getaway I didn't figure the Cosmopolitan would be literally swimming with them.We spent a day at the Bamboo Pool which calls itself a calm desert oasis.  NOT!  I already told you about the mountains of screeching children but let's talk about bad service or no service at all.  No one came over to take a drink order or to offer us snacks for 45 minutes. My husband spent the afternoon running back and forth to the bar to get our drinks.  Then much too late, a young girl sauntered lazily by to say "You guys are okay right?"  Uh wrong.  It was our anniversary so we were hoping to get a cabana on a Monday for a reasonable price.  They would not budge on their $300 fee.  So 80% of them remained unsold.  And these Day Beds they offer for $150 - NO SHADE.  Why would you charge people to lay on a mattress in the broiling desert sun.  I can get sunstroke for free at home!The room?  Well we were upgraded to a one bedroom suite, which was a really nice gesture.  But again, I wonder who designed this hotel?  It has a lovely sitting area/living room when you walk in but it feels uncomfortable because it's away from the verandah and it is dark.  It has a sink/bar area but no trash can.  In the whole room, there is only one small trash can in the bathroom, not even one in the toilet closet.  So if you're mixing a drink or preparing an appetizer, you have to go to the bathroom to throw out your trash.  Then there's this whole wasted space where the closet is.  It's basically a third of the room that's just a hallway with a closet in it.  And then there's the bathroom.  One giant shower room with a soaking tub in it.  Seems cool but the soaking tub is really shallow and designed all wrong.  It is very difficult to get into because the step in is so wide and then if you can manage to get yourself out, you are stepping out onto a wet, slippery surface.  The shower handles are broken. The bath handles are not marked hot/cold.  And the whole bathing area is exposed to the bedroom. I guess that's sexy to the twenty something crowd but decidedly not appealing to a woman who may want a little privacy.  And speaking of privacy, remember the whole closet/hallway area?  Well that's covered in mirrors but the bedroom has no mirrors!  So trying to figure out a place where I could get dressed in private and see how I look before going out for the evening was a challenge.  My husband had to stay in the bedroom with the door closed, so I could freely move about.Lastly, the verandah.  What a nice idea.  Guess what?  The Signature at MGM Grand has had them for years and they are wonderful plus real service, elegance and amenities.  Our verandah at Cosmo had an impressive view but one teeny, tiny piece of furniture on which to sit, blaring all night music from I don't know where, constant ambulance sirens too.  And as soon as you open the slider, the air in the whole room shuts off.  So there will be no sleeping with a little fresh air coming in.  Nope you either sizzle on the balcony or spend the whole night breathing in air conditioning.  The best thing about the hotel is the food!  China Poblano is amazing.  Extremely overpriced like all things Vegas now, but really delicious food.  The Chandelier Bar has exquisite, inventive cocktails for $15 a pop and not one peanut on which to nibble.  So you can't really hang out there and drink because there's nothing to soak up all that alcohol. So I will definitely be back for the cocktails and food but will not stay here again.  If you're looking for true elegance and service, Vdara or The Signature at MGM is a much better bet.
5	This is based solely on checking out the shops and walking through the casino, being I did not stay here. This ambiance is very nice and they have a club, the marquee, that gets very very busy at night. It looks like it worth checking out. If you are in Vegas this hotel is worth at least walking through.
4	Swaaaaanky!This place is so posh. Strings of crystal beads hanging, mirrored walls, high heels... It's a lot of fun to dress up and visit. There are some great restaurants and bars here, although I personally don't love the casino floor and tables (I prefer a few of the other casinos for gambling).I've never stayed here, just visited to gamble, drink and eat :)
5	OK, so check this out.  I know I have been long dormant with the Yelp reviews (bad girl, BAD GIRL!), so to make it up to ya'll, I am now embarking on a casino-by-casino tour of my new hometown of LV, NV, and will include reviews of each as I tour them.  Now, these will not include room stays, but just schlepping around the premises - eating, drinking, and checking out anything that moves or doesn't move.  Got it? OK, let's proceed...Review #1:Cosmopolitan = the gold standard; fantastic parking lot with green/red lighted spaces; casino area is not huge or overwhelming; high end bars & restaurants everywhere; 3 levels + a conference room 4th level with cool statues; a secret 14th floor swimming pool area with amazing view of City Center; the 3-level Chandelier Bar is a signature; top notch live music and club venues as well; zero smoke factor; hot dealer chicks and occasional go-go dancers; best craft beer bet = Holstein's (huge selection; better prices on bottles than draft)
5	Definitely my favorite hotel and casino on the strip. It's very girly and fun and fabulous! It's truly beautiful and very hip. The music is bumping from the time we walked in. The club at the front called Bond seems soooo much fun! Next visit I plan to spend more time at the Cosmo! Gotta check out the Liberace exhibit!
5	The journey for me begins with parking, because to me, parking is make-or-break for a good night's stay. While parking is almost never a problem in Vegas, I found the Cosmo parking garage to be quite nice. Spaces are marked with individual lights depicting whether the spot that you covet is empty or full. This is a true win in my book. Get in, get your spot, and get on your way. After a walk from the garage into the main hotel lobby, you continue your journey to your room. (For me, the Terrace Sweet)...  Your senses are given a show when you arrive to check into this interesting place. Images flitter across the walls providing you with distraction while waiting  to get your keys. Employees are nice and well put together. As you finally arrive to your room (a walk not as far as some hotels - such as the MGM Grand), you are greeted with personalization on the TV and telephone. Crisp white and cobalt-colored linens adorn the comfortable beds. There is a small kitchenette with a convenient sink for your stay. Adjacent is a cozy living space with couch and table covered in beautiful art books. This didn't thrill my husband as much as myself. What a great touch! Each detail of this room was well-though through, even down to the wallpaper inside of the closet. If you are a Fornasetti fan, then you'll love the famous Fornasetti Plate wallpaper hidden within the closet. The restrooms have a beautiful iridescent tile on the shower walls. The mirror is large enough to prepare to look your best for the day. The private terrace is my favorite aspect of the room. This is a rare treat in Vegas. Your room comes with a lovely view, normally, and this is a great place to spend the sunrise or sunset- if you want to take time to enjoy these types of things while in the Sin City. I had the lower-tier view of the Henderson side of the building, but love this view, so I was thrilled.Other highlights:Secret Pizza - Simply the best pizza around. Maybe it's the fact that it's secret? (Well, not really anymore). LOVE IT! Marquee Nightclub - Love the different themed rooms here, but the club is quite claustrophobic compared to the larger open-style clubs that are usually seen around town. It definitely make this one unique. .. . but I just don't prefer it.  I do, however, LOVE the vast selection of artists that the Cosmo brings in to play/mix here. Artist in residency - Some of the best artists show off their work for YOU to see. The Henry - Not bad at all. I like to people watch here if I can get a good seat.  In nearby Aria - Jean Philippe Patisserie - LOVE the macarons.  In nearby Mandarin Oriental - Mozen Bistro - EVEN BREAKFAST is amazing here. So - highlights in summary - Fresh view, delicious food, comfortable stay.
5	Gorgeous hotel! It houses Marquee Dayclub & Nightclub. I've only been in here to the breathtakingly gorgeous chandelier bar and to the dayclub. These represent two of the most gorgeous venues I went to in Las Vegas. I would love to stay at this hotel the next time I am in Vegas.
2	I stayed here for a night on Memorial Day and was very disappointed. First to start off the staff was terrible. We had come early to check into the hotel at about 12 and was told our room is not ready and we will be called when it is ready. The room we had was the wraparound suite connected to the terrace one suite. So as we were waiting in the lobby one of the "manager" told us we can not wait there and have to go sit at the bar. When we went to the bar they told us we have to buy a drink or we can't sit there. So we had to sit outside since they wouldn't let us wait anywhere inside. I even tried to talk to him and tell him but he obviously didn't care and was very rude. So 4 came along and we didn't receive no call. We went back to front office and walked up and asked if our room is ready and they basically said no it won't be for a while but we can offer a wraparound suite and a terrace one suite on different floors? I at this point told them I specifically wanted them connected for a reason cause there was about 5 of us for my friends birthday. So all they said was ok well you're just going to have to wait. Ok, So 5 came along, then 6, then 6:30 we get a call to tell us our room is ready. They give us 4 keys and we go up to find out only one key works and it only opens the wraparound suite door. We call them they say they are going to bring up 4 keys or we can just go down and get them. So we wait for about an hour to get the 4 keys in which again only one of them is able to open the terrace suite door. We call them and tell them how bad their service has been to which they reply ok will give you a 100 dollar food comp. So we said ok that's fine. We order food service two burgers and get three cokes from the fridge and a bag of chips. Then at check out they told us we spent $234 on that we were flabbergasted. They tried to put on other charges and stuff that has been moved and we told them we had not touched anything but they swore up and down we had and they even had to send security up to check that we hadn't. The only pros about this room is that it had a great view that's it. I would never recommend anyone to stay here ever! So many more accommodating hotels instead of this over-priced, bad service, and poor management hotel.
3	I returned from a 5 day extended Vegas bachelorette party. The hotel decor was beautiful. The purple and silver glitzy tones really captured my eyes and I loved the way the hotel looked at night. We ate at the Henry just for breakfast one day- good food. We utilized the Boulevard pool- fabulous! I was absolutely not a fan of Marquee pool. The bartender Damian was excellent at the Marquee pool party. The drinks were delicious. I didn't like that there was limited seating if you didn't purchase table service. We didn't select bottles because the weather was not cooperating. Now the cons- very quiet casino. Too much euro trash. I know that's not too nice but I felt like I was in the Gannsevort and being from NYC I was looking to avoid that exact meatpacking crowd. Nothing was remotely inexpensive as far as quick eats. No place just to grab a quick bagel. Egg sandwich at Va Bene 13 bucks. Insanity. Definitely recommend eating in Aria instead if you're looking to party all day. The hotel should also open a Illy coffee stand similar to some of the big hotels. I'm pretty sure Caesar's had several quick grab and go places for food and within a reasonable price point.  The other cons- I seen several rowdy disgusting vomit episodes once in the elevator bank and once outside the normal pool. Yuck. Security should look to diminish that scene more. Also 17.25 at Vesper bar for a martini is absolutely insane. I live in NYC drinks are not that pricey here. I feel like I shouldn't focus on the money aspect, but it was cheaper at STK to have a martini. However, I kept going back to Vesper because it was the best martini I ever drank in my life. So I spent 3 days at that bar. Amazing bartenders, but it truly lacks in other areas. I wouldn't stay there again but I would do a visit for a nice calm night/lounge atmosphere. For a nice high class bachelorette or bachelor party, book the Encore. Better crowd, less booshie, presumptuous nose in the air European snobs!
4	The place is classy and i love the design, it's high end utilities at the room.  the best on the strip for sure.Rates are affordable.
5	Great hotel with the most beautiful lobby, although pretty extreme decor, but I guess normal in vegas.The staff was super nice and the rooms were awesome. My friends and I came here for her bachelorette and we came here before our check in time at 3/4? But they let us check in at like 11 which was great as I left at 6 am that morning haha. But besides the crazy people , this hotel is very well kept, very clean and spacious, and there's great air ventilation as well. We also were able to get a pool view and I wish we had taken advantage of that pool more often because we only went once, but the pool felt awesome. If youre looking to get drunk in the water, but a dayclub is probably to much for you the next day then definitely check out the pool.My friend also told me that they allow pets where they even have a floor where its like fake grass and you can walk your dog there and let them play etc. She also mentioned that they have a babysitter service as well, so great if youre just going to a show or something (better not be goin to a club if you got a baby waitin for ya!!! shame shame). Home to Marquee dayclub/nightclub so very convenient if youre planning to go there and oh yea!... Secret Pizza place located here as well! ;)But I'm all for the interior design especially the bathroom and the cool lighting and wallpaper. One of the nicer and fancier hotels that seems like they actually put in effort in the design :DSTAY HERE!
3	I hate to say that I was disappointed this time. :( One of the things I LOVED most about this room was the Japanese soaking tub. We stay at The cosmo for the furniture market = a TON of walking. I was exhausted and looked forward to my bath all day. ....to my disappointment the bath plug was TOTALLY busted & tossed to the side of the tub. SO obvious that it was broken! Oh also the pool was "CLOSED" because it was raining a little bit. Other than that, it was amazing of course. beds are like clouds. Having a deck in Vegas is just amazing!
5	I can never complain about this place. Top notch service, great amenities and fantastic rooms. Probably the best on the strip here in Vegas. I usually stay in the terrace or wraparound suites, they are about as good as they come. Get a shake at Holsteins, you will not regret it!!
4	My friend referred to this hotel as the hotel where all the young, beautiful people are. There are a lot of pretty people here. During the day, there's bikini clad chicks going to the pool. At night, there's a lot of scantly clad ladies going to the club. During my last trip to Vegas, I stayed here and at Harrah's for a work convention. There is a big difference between here and Harrah's. Cosmo is not somewhere that I would stay if I was coming to Vegas with kids. Vegas is not "family friendly" in general, but I wouldn't stay here if I was coming here with family/young kids. The room was nice and clean, but it's awkward if you're sharing with someone who is not your significant other. Get a room here if you want a room that sets a sexy ambiance. When you sit in the bedroom, you can see what's going on in the shower/bathroom if you don't pull down the blinds on the shower. One of the shower walls is a clear window. Even when you pull the blinds down on the clear shower wall, you can see the outline of the person in the shower. There's so many mirrors in the room, too. So it's good if you're booking a room with your partner. It's not so good if you're booking with friends. It's nice, but I rather stay somewhere without the clear shower wall if I'm go to Vegas with friends.
1	Found a giant pubic hair in the bathtub. Yuck!We were excited about using the tub, but low and behold, we found a big nasty hair in the tub. YUCK!This is Marriott property and I'm Platinum Premeir. I would have hoped they would have treated me better. I guess Marriott's loyalty program doesn't apply in Vegas
4	My colleagues and I stayed at the Cosmopolitan Hotel for a conference and had mainly good experiences. While the hotel is large, and navigation could sometimes be difficult, we all got where we were supposed to be when we were supposed to be there.I handled booking for our team and had positive interactions with staff pre-conference. They were helpful, friendly, and efficient in helping me book about 20 rooms and make sure all the credit card charges were in order. We did have two incidents. One staff member found her room hadn't been cleaned when she checked in, but the hotel promptly cleaned it and were very apologetic. Another staff member had an unpleasant encounter with a rude attendant at Marquee; the hotel apparently runs the nightclub through a third-party service provider, so they couldn't help much with that.I personally had a great experience -- the room was huge, the balcony had a fun view of the Bellagio pool, and service was prompt and friendly. Also, when I injured myself off-property, the front-desk staffer I spoke to (hi Bryce!) went out of his way to help me out, finding me a clinic and getting me into a cab to get there. The next day he called to check up on me, too. We ate in the hotel several times -- at Wicked Spoon, China Poblano, and Holstein. Wicked Spoon's buffet was awesome and Holstein had great burgers; China Poblano had good food but super-creepy decor. The buffets at the conference, catered by the hotel, were tasty too. Overall, the experience at the Cosmopolitan was pretty awesome. Thanks for hosting us this year!
5	This hotel is a must for the young and young-at-heart crowd visiting Vegas. It is one of the newer hotels and offers modern decor with a classic Vegas flair.  It is a prime location on the strip and has excellent service. We were offered a room upgrade when we checked in, but the basic rooms are spacious and luxurious.The Chandelier bar is a must-stop. It is a multi-tier bar that is set inside of a giant chandelier in the middle of the casino. Perfect for people watching and a drink to start or end the night.The restaurants on the mezzanine level are incredible. One of my favorite chefs, Scott Conant, has one of his Scarpetta restaurants here. The food is over the top amazing and the view of the strip is a must see. Try to reserve a table near one of the windows.The spa is very relaxing and was a perfect way to relax after a few nights on the town. I highly recommend getting addons to your massage. The body buffer increases circulation to your body and gets you ready for another night of dancing!Marquee, the day/night club, is one of the hottest spots in Vegas. On any given night, there is a top DJ/producer at this club. For example, Armin van Buuren, Avicii, AND Kaskade played there during our stay. This is a must! Make reservations early because it sells out fast.Overall, I would 100% stay at this hotel again. I was so impressed by everything it had to offer.
5	We loved the room and would definitely stay here again. Everything was clean and modern and greatly exceeded my expectations. My only complaint is that the kitchenette doesn't actually have a fridge, as it is all reserved for mini-bar type items, and to rent a stand alone is $25. The only open space is in the freezer. We spent most of our time at the Bamboo pool. I found a nice shaded spot with a cool mist raining down on us most of the day, which was pretty amazing given the temperature. The water temperature was actually cool enough to make the pool a really nice escape from the heat and the lounge seats in the shallow water are fabulous. We don't gamble and were really there to just chill out and get a break from the kids, try some new restaurants, and see a few shows. We arrived very early Tuesday morning and will make a point of arriving early in the week on our next visit as well. Clearly things were going to get crazy for the weekend with all the cool young people, so the Friday departure was perfect for us.
3	First time staying here. Love the rooms. Very roomy and comfortable! Big enough you don't really need to upgrade! I like this casino because it is quieter. You don't have to walk through the masses every time you get somewhere. Service has been really great.But the smell in the casino is strange! It smells like a combination of bad perfume and smoke! It is quite gross actually. You get used to it until you walk out and come back again.They have a shuttle from 11-8pm daily that takes you to the Cesar Shops!Would stay here again.
5	Hands down the best place you can stay at. I will say it's even a must. Sure there might be fancier places. But you can't feed off the energy this place turns out unlike the other hotels here.
4	Rooms are nice and spacey. Great pool area and service close to most locations by foot. The check in took very long but we were there on the fourth of July.
5	Considering that Hooters is my favorite casino in the world, you must take this review with a grain of salt.  However, the Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas may very well be the coolest casino on earth. Why?  From the minute we stumbled up to the front desk, the service was outstanding!  Two thumbs WAY up to Amir, Kevin, Emir Lopez for the great room with the balcony/terrace upgrade. I never want to leave.
4	My check-in was quick.  More than I can say for other properties on the Strip!  And once I checked in the elevators were right behind, so no walking through the casino to get to where I needed to be.  Like that !The room?  Nice size.  Good bathroom, well appointed.  The desk space was roomy too and the overall feel was just fine.However, City Center is tough to get in and out of.  Best to walk to wherever you want to go or a quick taxi.  I parked my car and only went back for it the day I left.  Of course, had plans to scoot around, but it is a pain getting in an around the Strip these days.I had room service and went to some of the restaurants.  The Henry for breakfast was god with good coffee and friendly wait service.One afternoon I happened upon the tapas restaurant on the fourth level.  Lots of chorizo choices and, I'm told, the bar right there was voted best gin & tonics in LV!Cosmopolitan is a great property and one that will not disappoint.
4	OMG, I love this hotel. So much that I think I spent three back-to-back days at the casino, bars and of course, Rose. Rabbit. Lie - the highlight of our Vegas girls trip.As "posh" as many other hotels try to brand their crowds, they do attract more of the Golden Corral types. But The Cosmopolitan was filled with so much eye candy, which I fully enjoyed. Because, when I dress to the nines, I wanna be around other people doing the same - not people in their jammie pants and flip flops. Sorry, I digress.If you're looking for a young, modern twist on Vegas Swank, then check out The Cosmopolitan. And take me with you because I still have some vouchers that I forgot to cash.
3	The first time I stayed at this hotel about a year ago I fell in love.  This time I wish I had tried another place.  Our room wasn't ready when promised, when we finally got to our room, our keys didn't.  That took another 25 minutes to fix.  Then we headed to the Bamboo pool which is supposed to be a peaceful retreat and it was just like any other party pool in Vegas with murky pool water and loud music.  The next day, it was more of the same with no on staff stopping outside boombox from playing.  The rooms and the views are magnificent. The food at the Grill and Sushi restaurant were amazing.  This housekeeping staff were the nicest of all the staff.   This place looks like it should be 5 star but the service at the front desk and pool area are more like a two star.  The only reason I give it a 3 star is because they have great restaurants and their housekeeping staff keeps their rooms so clean and they are so helpful.
2	Not really sure what the hype is about with this hotel. Came here attending the acics conference, and boy was the customer service horrible. I have stayed at the rio, aria, mirage, and Venetian; the employees here seem like they're here just to finish their 8 hours and hate their jobs. I booked my room with their conference rate, thus all along everyone working the front desk should have known that I was with the conference upon checking in. Without knowing, I ended up paying for my first day's Internet, I called room service regarding a problem with my Internet the second day, then they informed me that people that are with the conference should not have to pay for wifi. The wifi issue went on for all 6 nights; having to call front desk to manually resert our wifi each night for it to work and connect to my devices.
4	I stayed a few nights here last week and thoroughly enjoyed myself. Great location, many shops and restaurants near by and the view from the hotel room balcony was fantastic. The only negative point I have is that the room service turned out to be incredibly expensive as they added numerous unnecessary charges on top of the actual amount for the food. If this had been stated anywhere before I ordered I wouldn't have had room service at all. Otherwise I highly recommend it.
5	Great place.  Staff are friendly and helpful.  Rooms are a great deal for the price.  Good restaurants.  Plenty of parking.  The video art in the elevators and on the lobby walls is really cool.   Highly recommended.
1	No hotel is perfect, but I've stayed at this hotel three different times and something always happened. I just got back from staying at the Cosmopolitan and I was disappointed with what went down. First night I checked-in to my room I noticed that my entire floor smelled like mildew. As soon as I got off the elevator I could smell something rancid. The manager offered to send someone up to the floor to spray it along with my room, but it did very little to help. The next morning I woke up, opened  the blinds to go outside onto the balcony, and at the base of the sliding door I see a bloody and used condom! A manager came up, we talked for a few minutes, and then they offered me a $150 credit to my account. There are a lot of good things about this hotel, but there have been issues with my room/stay all three times I've stayed there. I've never had issues with the Bellagio, MGM, Hard Rock, or Venetian.
4	Stayed here for a long weekend and my first time in Vegas and it was fabulous.  Our room was large enough to be someone's apartment and the view of the fountain/strip was absolutely amazing.  Ended up trying room service a few times and that didnt disappoint either. Gorgeous hotel!
4	I had 2 comp nights at the Cosmopolitan Las Vegas and had to cash in on that deal.  I've always loved the look of this hotel and was so excited.My scheduled flight came into Vegas in the morning so we were just wanting to check in our bags and pray for an early check in.  What is is awesome about this hotel is that you can check in at anytime!  You'll get a inactive key and when your room is ready they can call or text you your room number and like magic your key works!  No room was available at the time, but they said they would try to get us one as soon as they can!  Both the front desk staff and the bell staff were so nice!To kill time we headed over to Wicked Spoon to get our breakfast feast on!  Look for my review on that eatery later, but some quick notes: Staff is good, but we had a coupon and I'm not sure I'd pay full price.  After out pig out session we were happy to hear my phone get a text to let us know our room was ready.  We told the bell staff we would take our bags up, but they offered to deliver it to us.  We were tired, so we accepted.  When we got to our rooms we were blown away!  We had ordered the King Bed standard room.  We had a small lounge area, desk, 2 TVs, a large tub and separate shower, microwave, bar sink and more.  I was a fan of this hotel instantly.  I've had comp rooms in other hotels, but I don't think I'll want to stay anywhere else! The bed was plush and inviting.  After a well deserved nap, we headed down to gamble a bit, this isn't the largest casino on the strip, but it has most things that you would want.  Their table prices are pretty standard for being on the strip.  I like to play the slots, and there are tons of those.  If you like a big sports book, this isn't were you'd want to go.We didn't get to use the fitness center nor the pools but took a quick look at them, and the fitness center is small.  The pools are pretty nice, nothing too big, this does not include the Day Club, as I didn't want to pay or had the time to go.  If you're hungry for some pizza late at night, there is Secret Pizza!  That place is so randomly fun.Overall, I loved my experience here.  Staff was friendly, and I loved my room.  They are a smaller hotel/casino in the grand scheme of things on the Vegas Strip, so you might miss out on some of the things associated with those kinds of hotels, but they are just a walk away if you want to visit.  I can't wait to stay here again!
4	Beautiful interior as far as the famous chandeliers go, I just wish they would've stuck with the theme and not have random pieces of art in the hallway that has no correlation with the main theme that the Cosmo is known for. Service at the front desk in my situation was annoying. The man who checked us in had 0 to little eye contact which I find rude, he was annoyed with our questions & was rushing us. I'm sure not every employee is like this, however this fellow was. The room we have is a standard 2 queen bedroom with nice balcony & beautiful restroom . The elevator makes me nauseous. But on the bright side, it's convenient to all of the stores we've been too and the spa as well. Easy access to the strip, right smack dab in the middle. This hotel has a lot of things to keep busy, so you really won't have to leave. Restaurants, ice cream, shops, gambling, spa, pool, etc ! There's so much to do ! & yes I would return :)
4	The Mixology bar is a must.
5	I loved it here. Everything inside is so modern and flashy. Enjoyed the balcony and the view. Room is clean and the bathroom was beautiful. Worth every penny.
4	I just returned home from a 4 day (2 comped day) stay, and am still dreaming of the wraparound suite my husband and I called home at the Cosmo. The room was palatial and luxurious, the restaurants were delicious, and the people watching was amazing. This place is great for the hip twenty-something crowd, but I really wouldn't recommend it for families, alcoholics, quiet people, or the elderly. It's a party place, and its awesome if that's what you are looking for. It's sort of like being temporarily transported into one of those prime time young adult soap operas on the CW, but in the best way. I dropped one star for the ash tray that passed for an elevator and the general wear and tear on the finishes throughout. As with all things Vegas, this place will age quick and hard. It's already begun to show it's first fine lines around the edges of furniture, stained walls, and threadbare sofas. Quick tip: skip the club at least once to wake up at 5 am and feel superior to the people who stayed up all night and are hobbling pathetically around in a sloppy mess of smeared eyeliner, rumpled suits, axe body spray, and ripped stockings.
5	The best hotel in Vegas. I recommended getting a balcony with a view of the fountains. The staff was SO NICE. The hotel was beautiful. My stay was perfect here. I'm coming back in February!
5	We just spent my sister's birthday there and I have to say it's as cushy and fantastic as they say. The suite was beautiful and the view was tremendous. Have to shout out three specific people that made the place even more awesome: 1. Sandy Jones - The "pit boss lady" of awesomeness. Craps is my favorite and she and the awesome people there at 5-9am made it a great time... and did what she could to clean up my language. 2. Charles W. at the Autograph Lounge - Everything I needed, he made happen. And he's personable and charming to boot. 3. Kae at the Cosmo pool - Very accommodating and friendly. That place turns baking in the desert into an art form. Overall, hope I can come back sooner rather than later and love the place! I even found out about that secret drink at the front bar. AMAZING.
5	Awesome hotel! Amazing room and views but the best part is the terrific customer service!!! Will be going here for years to come!!!!
2	I am updating and lowering the rating because after coming home and reviewing the credit card statement, the hotel overcharged us $500.00. In addition, one night a server at one of the restaurants gave herself an additional $70.00 tip (over the 20+ percent she was given, no less). Both issues were resolved to our satisfaction, however, a luxury hotel would not have these sort of issues. My time is important to me and I'd rather not have to call customer service and spend an hour on this. We have stayed here three times but will probably look elsewhere next visit. What a disappointing end to an otherwise nice time.
5	J'adore!! It was my first time staying in this hotel but it had been on my bucket list for awhile. I swooped into Vegas to help out with a Yelp event and this is the hotel my boss-lady picked. As I was checking in the help desk was amazing and upon hearing that it was my first trip at that property they put me in a room facing the Bellagio Fountains. Truly the best view I've ever had in Vegas!! I totally instagramed the fountain show a couple times and even...sigh... took a couple selfies. I know. But it was such a cool room! The hotel staff was always helpful and friendly, including the bell desk and valet. The taxi line moved quickly each time I used it and room service was SUPER friendly and delicious. My room had a massive bathroom plus a sitting room, wet bar, lounge on the patio and comfy bed. Plenty of light and loved the decor... as I'm writing this I'm realizing that they might just be my new favorite place to stay! It's also so convenient located-on the strip, right across from the Miracle Mile shops, and exit straight to a sky walkway to cross the street. While I didn't love every dining outlet on site, the pool is top notch and I spent a morning there working. It seems small but there more than one on site and the sprawl out around the area into multiple corners and crannies. 5 stars all the way!
4	I love this hotel... It would be 5 stars except the casino pays 6:5 on blackjack which is a big disappointment. For those that do not know, when you get blackjack you should be paid 1 1/2 times your wager, but Cosmo has tables that pay barely more than you wager... Over time you can lose much faster than with traditional blackjack rules.  Play blackjack at casinos that pay 3:2!!!!The rooms are awesome, the staff is great, the balconies are unique and great!!! This hotel rocks, just don't play blackjack on their 6:5 tables!!!
5	I stayed here in June 2013, and I know it took me a while to write this review, but I am completely confident this is the best hotel I have EVER stayed in.  The experience was magical.  I had a one bedroom suite overlooking the Bellagio Water Fountains, but truthfully, the fountain was fun for the first day, so I would also be okay with staying at the other side of the building next time.  I don't know what Vegas offers today, but when I visited, I noticed many things that set the Cosmopolitan apart!  Number one is ease of finding a parking space (TOP NOTCH).  There is truly no need for valet parking here.  The resort is equipped with a user friendly parking garage that shows us where the free spots are by using green light for available and red for unavailable and also letting us know how many spots in an area are empty!Number 2 has got to be the bathroom... can I curse??? It was an effing experience!!!  I felt the bathroom in a one bedroom suite was the highlight and it would be number 1 but since I have never seen this kind of parking, I had to give it to the parking. Anyway, I am not going to write too much.  I know Vegas has plenty of reasonably priced properties, but it would not be an EXPERIENCE without the Cosmopolitan. I crave it like my favorite food!!!It (in my opinion) is certainly the best - anywhere!!!
2	My room had a leak on the AC and the puddle got progressively bigger each day which gave the room a funny odor. There was a piece of glass in bathroom so my foot was bleeding, not a great way to start the vacation. Bathroom wasn't throughly cleaned upon arrival. The shower handle was loose, like it would fall off. Plus it hit me in all the wrong place all, water stream and pressure needs some work on. I saw 2 prostitutes enter my elevator with two John, gross, very unclassy. The scene was overall trashy. I saw a drunk girl get carried away in a wheelchair, she was that drunk. The internet fee was ridiculous. Pricy resort but nothing special, don't let the looks fool you. The Wicked Spoon had crappy unappetizing food. I'll stay at other places next time.
5	Very good stay, had the 1 bedroom apartment, room had plenty of space, very clean and tidy, cool style, had a large bath / bathroom. The was my second time staying at the Cosmo and I highly recommend it. I have stayed at other properties on the strip but I would have to say the Cosmo is my top pick.
3	Have yet to spend the night here.  Have visited the resort a few times though.  Favorite spot is Secret Pizza.  Love ordering pizza from here.  Then taking over to the chairs near the billiard tables.  Great place to eat the yummy pizza, and nice place to people watch.When walking along the Las Vegas Strip, make certain to stop into the Cosmopolitan!
3	I don't know what happened to the cosmo since they got bought out by another investment firm, but their customer service has deffffffffinitely gotten worse. Hotel and casino is still the same, and they even added blackjack tables to the second floor so you can gamble while waiting to get into the marquee. Another then that nothing special.
3	The Cosmopolitan Hotel is one of the hottest hotels on the strip right now. It is all glamour. Everything is very elegant. In true Vegas style there are several restaurants to choose from and tons of amazing shopping. There is even a Rent the Runway store if you are feeling like getting extra snazzy. I personally enjoy the uniqueness of the themed hotels, but if you are looking for glitz and glamour, this is the place to go!
3	Beautiful hotel and casino, but no one seems to go here any more.  After a 4-day stay last weekend, I can see why.  The patio glass rail/windows are filthy, obscuring your views.  It's shocking how dirty this place has become within the last couple of years.  During peak hours the men's room in the casino is disgusting.  I've been to cleaner bathrooms at dive bars.  It's not being maintained nor managed properly.  Worst of all, every one of the casino staff this visit was unhappy, unfriendly, and sometimes downright rude.  There is nothing fun about gambling with an unhappy casino staff!  Gone are the days of friendly engaging dealers, bosses, and bartenders, and bustling good times.  This is definitely not the upscale and fun place it once was.The shining light here was the restaurants.  Be sure to check out Blue Ribbon sushi, Jaleo Spanish tapas, Holsteins burgers, and even Secret Pizza (see Yelp tips to find this one!).  Expect to pay through the nose (except the pizza), but overall food quality is world-class at all of these places.  Skip the Mexican/Chinese place - not bad but definitely not good.I was told that this property has recently changed ownership.  Either that's the problem, or the solution - only time will tell.  I'd consider possibly staying here again, but there are so many better options now, and I certainly wouldn't play this casino again.  Quite a disappointment.
4	Came here a while ago with the wifey.  She booked on one of those websites with "secret hotels" where you get a random 4 star or 5 star hotel at a discounted rate, but you don't get to select which hotel you want.Well, anyways, we ended up getting Cosmopolitan which we definitely happy with as we always wanted to try staying at the Cosmo.  When we checked in, we got a free upgrade from the 26th floor... to the 52 floor!!! For free too!  The view we had was of the Bellagio fountains.We had an awesome stay here.
4	The Cosmopolitan is a nice hotel, i'd stay there again.  I found the decor slick and appealing, has kind of a velvet rope appeal without being too clubby feeling. I had a reasonably high floor room with a decent view.  I liked how you can kill all the lights with one switch.  The window into the shower stall with a shade plus full wall mirrors opposite the queen beds suggest they are there for one thing....The pillows and the rest of the bedding was first rate.Access to good restaurants, Blue Ribbon was my favorite but there are a number of good ones.One of the plusses is the Cosmo is situated near Aria, so just from a new and updated part of town there is a lot going on there.I did not check out the pool, except from 40 floors up.  Looked good.I did notice some wear here and there which I was surprised to see in a new property, but then again, it seems like a party hotel so perhaps it take a beating.The Casino area is small compared to others on the strip.
4	I loved my one night stay, a bit of super comfort and big screen news, away from down stairs .I had a very comfortable experience here and a very good value for the money. I had room service, was fast, friendly and the food was delicious as well. I'm sure you can go away from the sleepless city as soon as checking in. Is a great thing to do, one night out, dine and sleep like a king! You can also have breakfast in the restaurant at floor level, good food, coffee and service.
4	Stayed at this hotel in July 2014 with my 6 y.o granddaughter and we had a great time here.  We love our room with the fountain view. Also the pools are awesome. They thing I don't like is the refrigerator was stocked with all the retail items so there is no space for our own stuffs.  Also housekeeping did not stock back our toiletry items daily.
4	Oh Cosmo Cosmo Cosmo. This hotel must be one of my favorite places in the world. Let me start off with the casino...although I have lost a small fortune there, the craps table is always lively even around 4 or 5 in the morning , and there are always multiple shiny, new, and loud slot machines that ring a ding ding and catch my attention...I can't resist a good slot machine lol ( More "identity" points for me) i'm not much of a swimmer because I rather spend my days at the casino and evenings partying but the marquee day club, boulevard, and bamboo pools are excellent. I love the frozen strawberry margaritas that you can order by the pitcher at any of these pools. I'm not crazy about Marquee as a nightclub because it's always over packed for no good reason ,there is barely even any space to move at the tables let alone dance on the dancefloor. All that being said, the crowning glory of Cosmopolitan lies in their balcony rooms. Back in June I was there two weekends in a row; the first weekend we had a terrace suite with not one but TWO balconies overlooking the marvelous Las Vegas strip and all the sights to see such as the Bellagio fountain show and the High Roller ferris wheel. The second time around we had a corner balcony suite (one balcony) and the view was just as lovely. If you're going to stay here, opt for a room with a balcony, it's definitely worth the extra money that you could probably gamble away in under an hour anyway.
1	The staff here are rude, unprofessional and inconsiderate. They had people form a line for the Ed Sheeran concert at the Chelsea. People were told if they left the line for any reason they would have to go to the end of the line. General admissions are standing only so they came hours early to get in line. Security took a few groups of 15 at a time to use the restroom. Then told the rest they could go but it would cost them their place in line. I called to request a bathroom pass for my daughter and I was given an attitude from Miles who works in a call center. He also refused to transfer me to someone working the area or security claiming there were no direct lines. I called back directly to security and was given an attitude by him also. Basically they have no system for lines to avoid cutting except step out of line and lose you place. Which causes people to remain in line regardless. Very cruel. I will NOT purchase tickets for any event held here again.
4	Very few places take you away into vacation land - this is one of them. I really enjoyed the ambiance, the restaurants, the gaming, and Rose.Rabbit.Lie. Will definitely be back.
5	I have stayed here numerous times and I absolutely love it!!!  Here are a list of reasons I think this is the best hotel on the strip:- Location - situated about in the middle of the action and next to the Bellagio (try and get a fountain facing room) and part of the whole complex of hotels- Restaurants - there are quite a few great restaurants on the property. The buffet is definitely among the better options in Vegas; Great burger place, Holsteins, with unbelievable milk shakes (with or without liquor); mexican-asian place, etc.-Pools - three or four pools with great 'scenery.'  There is also the Marquee Club at one of the pools-Balconies - not many, if any, hotels in Vegas have balconies.  If you can, get a suite - the balcony wraps around and it is unbelievable!-Marriott property - so if you're like me and like rewards, get in on itOther that the above, the Cosmo is definitely more upscale, and higher class than some of the mass casinos located elsewhere.  Won't stay anywhere else!
5	I just LOVE LOVE this place! Stayed about 5 times here now. I'm an Identity member love the perks wish we had a little bit better perks to rooms but hey maybe in time. Gambling here is the best I go hours with out noticing, drink service is awesome, Every time I come one particular cocktail waitress always remembers my drink. Shes pretty amazing I believe her name is Shar. Wicked spoon hands Down best Buffet on the Strip. So worth driving from Phoenix.
5	Best hotel in LV....literally. I've stayed in almost every hotel/casino in LV so I kinda know what I'm talking about. Great decor, great food options, great rooms, comfy beds.Milos is an absolute must...best restaurant in LV hands down...impeccable service and food quality/preparation. The casino isn't stinky and smoky like the rest of LV ...Pool situation: great, because you have options. I go to the quiet one because fist pumping and crazy loud music just isn't my thing...Art...there is cool art all over the place. Full room service menu 24 hrs a day...love it.Go there...oh and just a little top...the SLS hotel may the newest on the strip but it might also be the lamest...avoid if u can.
4	Just wanted to express my appreciation for this hotel! I had my second stay here yesterday (a year a part from each other) and it was just as good as the first. Very consistent! I didn't have a chance to hit up the main pool last time I was here, and really enjoyed lounging at the Boulevard pool this go-round. It was chill, but still lively and had decent music (surprised us, as we are both snobs and my bf is a dj haha). The people were great too. Good vibes. Great hot tub also!Special thank you to host Michael for the incredible view from our 1 bedroom terrace. It truly made my boyfriend's first time in Vegas very special. See you soon!
5	love this hotel.  have stayed 3 times.  but i digress.  If you LOVE THE SMELL in Cosmopolitan (and who doesn't ---- it helps balance out the ubiquitous inevitable second hand smoke and booze stench in all vegas casinos):GRAB SOME WOOLITE DARK, OPEN IT AND TAKE A HIT.  You will be magically transformed back into a world of hipster suites with terrace balconies overlooking the 'lagio fountains, long-ass lines for the subpar Marquee club, and a buffet of inefficient plating (*where the only "wicked" involved is the fact that the dishwashers have THAT many extra plates to wash)Whenever I miss Cosmo I'm gonna wear my favorite "clubbin" shirt that was washed in woolite dark, take a deep breath in of the fabric, and pretend im in a better place .....
5	The only negative thing about my experience staying Labor Day weekend at the Cosmo is that I can never ever stay anywhere else in Las Vegas again.  From start to finish my experience at the Cosmo was 5 star.  Some friends and I decided on staying the weekend in the Terrace Balcony rooms, which is so worth it.  The views are absolutely amazing at night, and the size of the room was really nice.  The hotel in itself is stunning, very modern, without being over the top, very classic, appealing to both men and women.  I really liked the organization of the hotel, and the layout.  Literally, all weekend I had whiplash with all of the very beautiful people milling about.  I didn't know where to look first! The staff and service was also top notch, from the waitstaff, to the check in to the concierge,  and everyone in between was super friendly, and responsive. Honestly, I could have stayed there and never had to leave all weekend, honestly, the only time I did was to see a couple of shows and a dinner at Nobu.  What I really liked about the hotel is that it appealed to different demographics.  As a 35 year old, I felt completely comfortable, although there were lots and lots of 20ish people running around.  Sure, the Cosmo is a bit more pricey than other hotels, but so absolutely worth it.  Without a doubt, I will be back.
2	The Cosmopolitan was very disappointing. Our biggest let down was how dirty the entire place was. For what we paid for a room, we definitely expected the place to at least be clean. Service is pretty crappy as well. Finally, this is not a place to go and feel relaxed. It's a club and party scene, not for couples looking to get away or families. We just didn't expect that since it's not cheap. We arrived early and had to wait in a long line to check in. After waiting, we finally got to the front of the line. The check in process was quite easy and seamless. Since we were there early in the day (about 12:30 pm), our room wasn't ready, which is what we expected. We were told that we would receive a phone call when it was available - between 3 and 5 pm. The call came promptly at 3:02 pm which was great.Meanwhile, we figured we would get lunch at one of the many restaurants onsite. Our friends chose Milos. The food was mediocre, but the bill was pretty steep for lunch. The menu was pre fixe three course meal. There were no complaints, but everything was pretty standard. The lobster in the pasta was pretty chewy and subpar. Service was also a little off and pushy. Not so laid back and relaxed. Definitely had a certain way of running things - drinks took forever as well as dessert. We wanted to hang out at one of the many pools afterwards, but found ALL of them to be a party, club-like pool scene. We were told that the Bamboo pool was more laid-back and great for relaxing. We headed there and it was definitely not the case. It was so packed and obnoxious. The room and entire hotel was pretty dirty as well. There were many places that the dust was piled up and obvious. The windows hadn't been cleaned in a long time and even the shower glass still had fingerprints on it. Not up to standards of a hotel that charges $300 a night in an area that you can get a room down the street at the Luxor or MGM for half of that and have a clean space. Drinks were also over-priced.If you are looking for a trendy, party spot, this is it. Otherwise, STAY AWAY! Dirty, overpriced and pretentious!!!!
4	Rooms at the Cosmo live up to the price.  Comfy bedTub for twoSpacious showerSeparate bathroomLiving room area.. and my favorite, balcony with a view of the Bellagio Fountain as well as the stripThere are plenty of clothing shops, restaurants, and bars within the hotel that are also great.
2	I am giving the Cosmopolitan 2 stars and I will chat about both the good and the bad.The Good:  I love the environment.  The rooms are great and most of the staff are helpful.  There are plenty of food choices and good shopping.  If you are looking for a great place to sleep this will do.The Bad:  It deals with doing events at The Cosmopolitan.  On two occasions, events were done here and both went less than stellar.  The main problem was invited guest's rooms should have been posted to a master bill, however half of them had their personal cards charged.  It took days to fix this issue.  Equipment that had been sent to the hotel took hours to get to the meeting room, while we waited to set up.  While, like I had said most of the staff was accommodating, one of the front desk managers was extremely rude.  While I would have been okay with it being me that she was rude to, it was one of the guests we had invited.  She may have been having a bad day as part of the issue had something to do with their computers.  The agreed upon price for rooms were also wrong.while I think that staying there as an individual would be fine, they won't be getting event business from me again.  I have other choices in hotels that take great care of events and make those events effortless and flawless.
5	Sexy, upscale, sleek, chic and sophisticated  old school glam with modern lines, The Cosmopolitan does not disappoint! Highly recommended and with great reviews, Cosmopolitan had one essential feature I wanted for our Vegas honeymoon destination; a great pool. In fact, it has three including one that bills itself as "toptional". Cosmopolitan's and more specifically Marquee's concept of this differs widely from mine, by the way, but this does not cancel out the fact that everything is absolutely gorgeous!Located mid strip, close to the shops at crystals, and across from miracle mile, it's super convenient for shopping. Several great restaurants are on the premises, and although we got to experience only a few, I feel confident in saying the food is EXCELLENT!Staff or Co-stars as they call them, are all very courteous and accommodating!   From allowing a very early check-in to having our room cleaned outside the schedule, valets, and room service, everyone we met was great. We booked a city room and were given the opportunity to upgrade, but I was more than happy with our accommodations!My favorite room feature was the floor to ceiling glass wall of the shower! This way you're never without a view, from either direction ;)
4	There are a few reasons why the Cosmo is my favorite hotel if I have to stay on the Strip.1) If you stay in the West Tower, you don't have to walk through the casino.  You check-in and then the elevator is right behind you.  This is a HUGE bonus for me since I'm in town for work and walking through the casino is a drag.2) The rooms are modern and comfortable.  I feel like one person did the design for Caesar's, Palazzo, and Ventian... so it's nice staying somewhere that is arranged differently.3) Beds are SUPER comfortable.  Although I hate feather pillows... 4) The gym on the West Tower (14th floor) is open from 5am until (I think) 8pm.  I'm a morning gym-goer and have had no issue getting a machine.  The gym is also really clean and the staff is friendly.  One downside is that the women's bathroom smelled like someone had died and they'd tried to cover it up with air freshener.  (Seriously seemed like a plumbing issue.)5) The Cosmo has several fun bars sprinkled through the lobby -- one right by registration and then the Chandelier bar, etc.  Again, everyone is friendly and it doesn't reek of cigarette smoke.6) The Cosmo has some of my favorite restaurants on the Strip, including HOLSTEIN'S.  I love that place.
4	My wife and I stayed at the cosmopolitan during our last Vegas trip. This was our first time staying here so we were excited to see how the rooms looked. We initially thought we booked a room with a balcony and little kitchenette but found out that they did not have this room available when we checked in due to us booking through my wife's conference room block. This wasn't a deal breaker but it would've been nice to see it. We did luckily end up getting the view of the bellagio water show. This was a plus as we got to watch the water show from our room everyday. The room was nicely decorated. The bathroom shower had a window to the room. There was a curtain that you could pull down to put some privacy as well. It was weird that there wasn't a clock in our room or a radio. Not sure if it was just missing or what. We just had to use our phones to see what time it was.The casino is decent. The table games get kinda pricey especially at night and on the weekends. I like playing low limit tables but +$25 gets too pricey for me. They had a lot different games to play. Not a bad layout.The restaurants are on the second floor as well as the wicked spoon buffet and a few shops. They have a nice chandelier bar at the front of the casino next to Las Vegas blvd. It was really nice staying here as it was walking distance away from a lot of places. All in all, I would probably like to stay here again. If you stay here, make sure to try to get the view of the bellagio water show!
5	Another visit to the Cosmopolitan and it remains my fave LV place to stay! The Casino is beautifully decorated and makes you feel glamorous just by being there! The service is always courteous and competent. They don't kiss your butt - most exude an air of confidence because they know they will take appropriately good care of you. This visit, they bumped our room which was a bummer because we were with another couple. Though it was a slightly nicer room, this meant they were stuck with a sofa bed...so the Cosmo ended up taking $50 off our bill. With my casino rate, we were able to upgrade to Fountain Views for little to nothing extra plus received $150 in resort credits which we gladly spent on a late night Room Service meal. If you want Room Service, get it and you will be pleased, I promise. It will take 30-60 mins but everything we have had over multiple visits has been as good as most restaurants.The rooms are all decorated with the same touch of glamour. We have stayed in a few different rooms and have always opted for the Fountain View. Totally worth it. The view of the strip at night is gorgeous. One other thing I love about Cosmo is that everything above their basic rooms offers a balcony. If you haven't noticed, that's rare in Vegas. For me, it's pretty important. The gaming here is on par with any other nice casino. They have a plethora of bars and restaurants to check out. I've been to most of them and they are all nice and every place we have eaten at in the Cosmo is fabulous even their version of a 24-hour diner...they have some incredible Truffle Tater Tots.Marquee is the day and nightclub. I've been a few times at night...Saturday night ran us $70 per couple which was higher than Drais but at least you aren't totally blocked off from the pool area. What I dislike about Marquee is that it's run by Tao so it's not really part of Cosmo. So, the only perk you have of being a hotel guest is a slightly shorter line. But, that's Vegas.We saw the Bamboo pool from above and it looked nice and relaxing. It would be the appropriate pool for kids or those that don't want the pool party scene. We opted for the Boulevard pool and are happy we did. It was a mellow pool party compared to what I imagine Marquee would be like (or compared to the always popular Hard Rock Rehab party), but it was still a pool party. It was for hotel guests only so things stayed small. Kevin Hart was here for the weekend so he had bikini clad chicks walking around and supposedly was giving out free mani, pedis and massages. The downfall was that the pool closed at 5PM so they started pushing us out at 4:45.Bag check is always quick and I admire how efficient the Taxi guys are...they keep the Taxi line moving so you rarely have much of a wait. Until next time, Cosmo.
4	LOVE, LOVE, LOVE!I live in Las Vegas, and I LOVE coming to the Cosmopolitan! I have stayed here with friends when they were visiting from out of town and really enjoy the accommodations. Beautiful decor and very clean!I've have also visited the Cosmopolitan many times for drinks and dining. I it is a beautiful property and I always enjoy their customer service!
5	In LOVE with this hotel!! I recently stayed at this hotel for a bachelorette party in the 2 bedroom city suite. The pictures of this hotel do not do it justice!! The room was absolutely ineradicable and on the 45th floor!! So large and had the floor to ceiling windows with views of the Bellagio fountains. The walk in showers were fantastic and the beds were very comfortable. The TVs even have XM radio! The room surprisingly came with a pull out couch which was perfect, all of our guests were able to get a bed. The mini fridge comes fully stocked so there really was no room for our own drinks unless you take everything out. The Boulevard pool was a great, but hard to find with the two towers. We ended up getting buckets of beer (5 per bucket) for about $37 which I felt was very reasonable. They also have small cubbies along the edge of the pool to put belongings in since all of the chairs were always full. The pool its self was deeper then I expected but they have ledges all the way around to sit on.All of their employees were so helpful which made checking in and out so easy. This hotel is by far my favorite in Vegas. May be pricey, but well worth it. I cant wait to return!!
5	Amazing  luxurious and fun Casino.  we stayed here with a bridal party and had a blast, night clubs, food, casino, rooms all top notch.   state of the art technology in the rooms, great views, balconies. Great rates had friends at the ariea and we had the better hotel!! favorite on the strip
5	LOVE! Favorite hotel on the strip!!! Everything is fabulous! Stayed for 5 nights with our 9-month old while my husband was attending a conference. Service was excellent all around. At check-in, the West Towers were recommended since it was a little quieter with amazing balcony views of the bellagio fountains & strip. A complimentary crib was delivered within an hour of arrival. The rooms are beautiful & spacious. No smoke odor throughout the hotel. All the restaurants were surprising baby friendly with highchairs available! We even took the baby with us to the Bamboo pool which had a sophisticated crowd yet relaxed atmosphere. Perfect central location with easy accessibility to City Center & The Crystals with the Sky Walk. The garage also conveniently features green lights over available parking spaces.
4	Fav place to stay on the strip! The balconies are my awesome on a cool night. Great staff! Love Chico in VIP, Vance the bellman and the valet guys are superb! Awesome views of Bellagio fountain!
5	Definitely the glitz & glam of the strip.. Literally! Its shiny interior with endless/giant chandeliers sparkle from front to back. Everything about this hotel is so appealing.. with its bright and sexy decor, modernly designed bars, fancy suites with balconies and panoramic views, and the atmosphere you see in James Bond films.I've been fortunate to have stayed in the Wraparound Suite twice. Huge room, perfect for groups.. and with the entire corner balcony open to the view of the center of the strip, it's pretty amazing!There was one king bed but so much living room/sitting area to crash in, that it was not problem to fit a group of 7. The one Summer weekend we were there, some of us slept on the couches in the balcony.You can't beat the view from here, day or night. The Cosmo is located in the heart of the strip so you'll have some sort of nice view wherever your room is.I love the bars here, especially Vesper. They make some fine cocktails and use top-shelf, fancy-named liquor.Marquee is one of the more popular day/night clubs in Vegas right now.. always a fun but crowded time.I think the Cosmo could have better restaurants. Wicked Spoon Buffet was good until Bacchanal opened and killed every other buffet. I like Secret Pizza though.. it's quick and pretty good(amazing when you're drunk).Don't come here to find lower limit table games.. especially on the weekends. One time there were only $25 craps tables going on.A great hotel all around, don't double-think about staying here.. it's definitely worth it! It'll be hard for any other hotel/casino to top this.
5	My best friend and I just spent this past weekend at The Cosmopolitan for the first time. We had the 1200 Square foot wrap around terrace suite and it was beyond beautiful. We by far had the best view of the strip, especially at night. The hotel is BEAUTIFUL, the casino was immaculate! It's very pricey but so worth it if you can afford it. We had an unforgettable time.
4	First *legal* stay in Vegas, and I left satisfied.My cousins and I stayed the Cosmo for a joint 21st birthday celebration. This hotel has this modern, glamorous and intimate feel to it as opposed to plain ol' glamorous many newer hotels have. And lemme tell ya, modern and elegance creates a very 5-star experience.The hotel appeals to a younger, hip crowd with its modern stylings and classy decorations. Older guests, tourists and families are obviously welcome, but don't expect to feel a relaxed and old-fashioned vibe many other casinos hold.Upon check-in, we decided to upgrade our rooms to Terrace Studios (2 queens) with a view located on the west end. The hotel rooms were a bit on the smaller end, but nonetheless given that Cosmo touch: modern with the glam & glitz.It should be worth noting that the Cosmo sacrifices comfort in exchange for atmosphere. Our room albeit incredibly fancy did not have that comfort and homey feeling I've experienced in other hotels. Is it a bad thing? No, not exactly. But it's something worth pointing out.Also, the room I was staying in was fairly dirty, something I wasn't expecting from such an extravagant hotel. There were spots and dirt in the bathtub, questionable marks on the floor and, the worst of them all, disgusting stains on the balcony chair pillows. We couldn't remove them either since they were attached to the chair, so we had to flip them over and deal with them. Yikes!However, aside from all the dirt, our party decided two key factors that made our stay pleasant: the balcony and the convenience.The balcony in the Terrace Studios is amazing. If asked, I highly recommend upgrading to rooms with views facing the fountains. You won't regret it. The view is absolutely breathtaking and makes the perfect picture-taking opportunity for any time of the day. There's just something about soaking in the view with a drink in hand that really adds on to your experience at the Cosmo.As for the convenience, the Cosmo is located smack middle of where all the action is. It can be hard to leave the hotel since everything you need is in the hotel or near the hotel itself. Need cheap dining options? Right across the street are some fast food restaurants. Need to pick up a few items from the store? Walgreens across the street has *almost* everything you need (for the right price, anyways).Staff here are friendly but a bit slow. The front desk did manage to send people to our door whenever we needed something, but it wouldn't arrive until maybe half an hour to an hour later.Casino is nice. Definitely not as much variety with the slots, but there's a respectable amount of table games. Tables are especially hot at night.All in all, the Cosmopolitan is definitely worth checking out. Everything is decked out in a chic and elegant flare, something only the Cosmopolitan could only pull off. As for staying at the hotel itself, it's worth staying here at least once. Just like their tagline, the Cosmopolitan has just the right amount of wrong.By the way, have you guys smelled the hotel's second floor near the west end elevators? It smells like soap. So good. They should sell candles with that scent. I'd buy 100.
5	I feel like this is the most glamorous spot on The Strip.  From the super chic and glitzy decor and the uber-blingy chandelier bar that makes me squeal with excitement each time I walk through - I love the Cosmopolitan... Luckily, this visit to Vegas I actually got a chance to stay in their rooms for two nights. I'm thrilled to have experienced it and was totally bummed to return home to my dull master bathroom. We are already plotting to turn our bathroom into something that makes us feel so decadent.  This will now be our choice hotel to book while in Vegas.  And did I mention they have an actual balcony?! Unheard of... it's so rare to actually get fresh air while staying in a hotel room - this was so nice to have the window open while lying in bed listening to the buzz of the city.  Love it! Cannot wait to return!
3	Cosmo is impressive walking in. My family and I were excited upon checking in. I came with my senior citizen parents and my sister who was attending a medical conference. The studio was great in looks, but found out 5 of our lights didn't work!!! WTH?! 5?!!! We had someone come in and change them, but they said the reading lights above each of the beds weren't going to work throughout our stay, because well, they don't have any in stock. I have a feeling they don't plan on ever changing those suckers out and they're broken for good. We got comped $100 food credit for that, but really, if you're paying for the studio and you're there for a conference, I know it's vegas, but both reading lights above the bed?!!! those were the only lights that were above the bed. I've stayed at the Aria and the Trump and come to vegas almost yearly. This was a first. We were on the west end and it looks like this the more quiet tower and definitely the one that gets less love in terms of upkeep. The carpet outside of the 41st floor elevators looks like its buckling up and already in bad shape. Not good- the Aria is an older hotel and it doesn't look like this. The elevator video screen was perpetually broken and had handprints on it all day long. however when we used the east tower elevators, they were clean and videos working fine. We also used the pools- it was great. But if you're looking for a real pool experience where you swim in water taller than 4 feet, book yourself at the Aria where there are three real pools where people can actually swim in. The pools here were more for drinking and walking in and mingling. It's definitely a more party, youthful vibe, although it was all ages at the hotel and pool. My dad and I were the only ones swimming in the pool. hahaha. Parking experience here is much better than at the aria though. That was very helpful. You just get in an elevator from parking and you're already in the casino. Not true with aria or Trump (trump has the worst parking situation- only valet with no true parking lot connected to it). I would stay here again for convenience (parking and location). But don't plan on being wowed with your actual room (maybe bathroom) and don't be surprised if the carpet in the hallways looks yucky or if your lighting isn't working.
1	It's really a shame that I have to give the Cosmo one star because I really did enjoy my stay there. What I have not liked is how they have treated me since my stay. Prior to my stay we had a price set (it's in my confirmation email) of $1017 and with tax figured it would be about $1100ish. It was for the Wraparound Terrace Suite (which was really nice). When I was checking out of their hotel, I tried to do so on the TV until I noticed a charge of about $3300 (3x agreed amount). I called down and explained what I had in my confirmation email and they said stuff about upgrading twice (only did once), so I figured it'd be best to go down and explain.  I came down and spoke to the cashier and he brought up these two upgrade fees (again bogus) and other fees totaling the $3300, in which case I showed him the confirmation email I had received. I told him that this is what I had agreed to pay for the room and wouldn't have booked it if it was going to be that much. I was not going to pay more than what I had agreed to. He spoke to the head cashier who was behind him and then went and talked to someone hire up behind the scenes. While the original cashier was speaking to someone in the back, the head cashier was nice and said we would get it taken care of.  The original guy came back about 10 minutes later stating that they (the Cosmo) had messed up and they were going to remove all the charges that had been added on and I was just going to have to pay a little over $800 (I had put a deposit of $320 a couple months earlier) for the remaining balance.  I'm looking at the receipt as I type up this review. Everything seemed fine and we were on our way back to NYC. Now, a couple weeks later, I'm looking at my bank statement to find a charge for just under $3300 from the Cosmopolitan. I called to speak to them but they are saying in a phone call that I agreed to this amount.  I had got cut off in my original phone call and had to call back when booking and that's when I agreed to the price in which they sent me in my confirmation email ($1100 roughly). I have the email and the receipt from when I left the hotel and never authorized this ridiculous charge but they are yet to refund me the approximate $2500 they overcharged me. This cannot be legal and I now have my bank looking into it. They really have put a damper into the vacation experience there. Well, back to Encore we go.
5	Classy and top of the line.   The Wynn has the best mattresses hands down but the Cosmo is easily 1b you will sleep like a baby...... Probably has the best entertainment anywhere in Vegas and easily the best shopping anywhere in Vegas you could go here and never have a need to go anywhere else
4	We were impressed with the Cosmo.  We have stayed in several other Vegas hotels and were excited to try this one out.  Its beautiful on the inside and the rooms are nice and spacious.We upgraded to a room with a balcony and view with the Japanese bath tub.  That was all very nice.  I enjoyed the patio which faced Aria and the tub for relaxing.  The room was pretty clean (I went through with anti-bacterial and wiped everything down).Overall the gambling, food and drinks were quite expensive but that also means a lot of the lower class and/or partiers stay away :-)Its centrally located so you can easily walk to other casinos.The various restaurants although expensive were very good.  The buffet is disgusting and a joke, would never go back.  The Pablano restaurant is super yum but the portions are small.  The burger place is also very good with yummy milkshakes.Mid way through our stay we upgraded to a view of the Bellagio fountains and that way fun!  We got to watch the show and watch people.  Only bummer was that room was slightly dirtier and the patio was pretty gross (needed to be clean- used q-tips were out there, etc) and the phone didn't work by the bed.  We told the front desk about it and they seem unconcerned.All in all we would most definitely stay here again.
1	If You Like Noise, Drunk Kids, This is the Place for YouThe Hotel in general is very nice but with 20 and 30 something drunks kids stumbling all over the hotel, the unusable public restrooms.  If you got rid of that the place would be great but they are catering to these kids with the all day and night clubs, and they simply do not have enough staff to keep the public areas clean with all these slobs!!!!
3	An very nice, but extremely overpriced experience.I have been to vegas man times and this was the first time at Cosmo.Lobby = NiceRooms = NiceCasino = Athletically nice, but awful odds on certain games. i.e.  BJ paid 6:5, which is just awful odd. Plus no poker room.Price = Way over priced. I wouldn't go back unless I got some kind of "deal"Henry's was a nice place for breakfast, but pricey.
5	My best friend and I visited this resort for 3 days and have a new favorite spot!  The surroundings are divine, you hear fun eclectic music throughout....the best part though hands down is the staff!  We were met with cheerful, knowledgable and attentive staff wherever we went.  Will definitely be returning!
5	Super modern hip looking hotel entirely. The hotel for young aged adults. I was surprised right when I entered the main casino entrance. The illuminated columns gave you the illusion that a lady was on the other side (inner of column). Room had a great night view.
4	This is my new favorite hotel in Vegas. Really efficient and service-oriented check-in/registration process - they come over to get you in line and also have iPads at the desk so you can browse while you're waiting. My room was upgraded to one with a balcony overlooking the Bellagio fountain and had a small kitchenette with a fridge/freezer and microwave. The room was huge with a sitting area, two TVs, and a large bathroom and shower. Everything in the room is very modern, perhaps almost too modern given that it was hard to figure out how to turn off all of the lights. The common areas of the hotel are beautiful, especially the bar with the huge chandelier. For those people who like efficiency, the parking garage with color-coded lights by parking space is a sight to behold.
5	Ok so I love vegas and I have been to most of the casinos.  I really like this newer one as it has a nice vibe with adequate and a nice gambling floor.  There are many different styles of restaurants so I am sure you can find what you are looking for.  I did not stay here but I will next time.  I like the design and the way it is decorated.  Stop in for a drink and see what you think.  I have a feeling you will stay and play!
4	I had the pleasure of staying at the Cosmo to celebrate me and my cousin's 21st birthday. The property itself is beautiful: starting from the lobby which changes the scene via screens every so often, as well as the vintage yet modern art scaping the halls, to the doghenge, giant heels, etc. There is also this fantastic smell that hits certain part of the hotel. If they sold this scent, I would definitely buy it to put in my room, car, bathroom... it's great! Fat Tuesday in Planet Hollywood, Walgreens for all your alcohol and convenience needs, and a McDonalds, Subway, Panda Express are all very closeby for quick bites to eat.The service: good. The front desk agents were very helpful and walked out from behind their desk to welcome each guest they were helping in -- not something you see at every hotel. The lady we spoke to was very kind with answering all our questions and in trying to accomodating our requests (such as asking for both of our rooms to be to each other), although we did have to pay an extra fee per night to get a view of the Bellagio fountains as we were booked in the Terrace Suites. This upgrade fee was definitely worth it. Whenever we called for more towels or other items, it did take quite a while for the items to get to the room but I understand it's a large property. Also, phone operators were very knowledgeable and helpful. Only thing I must complain about is that housekeepers come knocking on your door to clean your room early in the morning... 8am? I mean we're in Vegas, where most people are probably hungover in their room each morning. Also, elevators are pretty slow.The room: we were booked in the Terrace Suites, but upgraded to the City View Terrace Suite. The bathroom is huge... probably the same size as the area the beds were in. What is awkward though is the shower will have you completely exposed so if you are sharing the room, you will need to lock the whole bathroom and everyone's access so they won't see you showering away. There was a living space area, and two TV's that you could ask for a free audio jack to plug your phone in and play music to (perfect if you want to blast music while pregaming.) The beds were so-so, nothing special and weren't the most comfortable in my opinion. The balcony was awesome!! We got to watch the Bellagio fountain show every quarter past the hour from our room, and there is a seat outside where I helped myself to take a nap one afternoon.Nice property, the opportunity of a balcony looking out to the heart of the strip, and being in the middle of the strip... not bad Cosmo, not bad. Thanks for making my 21st fantastic!
4	I love how unique this place is. It's different than any hotel I've ever stayed at and is delightfully a little trippy. This marks my 4th separate time staying at the Cosmopolitan. I'm not a crazy gambler, just happen to have conventions here on a regular basis. This is a fantastic place to have conventions. Every time I come, I recognize how much better this hotel is for conventions than other convention hotels. Let's dive a bit deeper into the pros and cons of this hotel. You'll notice that I didn't give it 5. There are a few things that are consistent and could be taken care of. For one, although the lobby is fantastic and welcoming there is always a line to check in. It usually takes 10-20 minutes of waiting in line and being mesmerized by their animated pillars, but nonetheless after a long flight and holding all your luggage you don't want to wait in line for anything. When you do get to the front of the line, the people checking you in are always fun and helpful. It is apparent that there is some kind of issue with their check in computer because every time they're confused by my reservation. We always get a roommate and almost every time they have to ask for help to get the right name on the reservation. Overall, the process is painless but it's still a little annoying to have the same problem multiple times in a row. Next is the room. Getting up the elevators and having a fun and personalized key card makes this experience personalized and fabulous. The elevators are fun and quick. The first impression of your room is also quite trippy and fabulous. The beds feel like clouds and often you have a view of the water show.  This may not be the style of a room that I would decorate my house, but it is very sexy, fun, trippy, and comfortable. I especially love the showers. If you have a random roommate or are not here with your +1, make sure you have the screen down! :) If you're sharing a room, make sure that you take showers a bit a part because they're prone to drainage issues. Very annoying there is no coffee in the room. Very annoying that they'll charge you if you touch the snacks/mini bar. Convention- service and food has been top notch every time I'm here. The wifi is free in the main events and it is an ideal place for around 800-1200 people. I absolutely LOVE the Chelsea theater as a concert hall and a place for a key note speaker. I saw Brad Paisley and the acoustics were fantastic as well as providing an intimate feel. One of my favorite concert venues of all time. The lighting is excellent, acoustics spectacular, lots of places to sneak away for a good conversation, clean and large bathrooms, and an overall great atmosphere. Bars- Marquee is fun and keeps up with this whole theme. The Bamboo pool is fantastic. There are lots of fun shops, restaurants, and terrific modern art that decorates the halls. I'm a big fan of this place. I had an issue in my room this last time and they took good care of me. I'm not going to go into details because it was taken care of in a swift manner and I'm already over it. Overall- excellent hotel for a convention, fun place to come on vacation if you have the $$ for it, and a terrific place to see a concert. It's not perfect, but this themed hotel is one of my favorites.
5	LOVE THE HOTEL... on the strip and the Marquee is FANTASTIC. Had a block of rooms for my sisters bachelorette party and had the time of our lives. There were 20 girls and I booked 5 of the double suites. The shower was large enough for 10 of us to fit in. There was a hot tub in the bathroom and large marble floors. The living room had a nice large area for me to play games with the girls and extremely specious. cars were complimentary parking and the staff was amazingI would recommend to stay here for a special occasion because the rooms are much larger and the service was nothing short of amazing.
4	First time we've stayed at this hotel - it was great. Not amazing like I feel it should've been for the name and the price hence the 4 stars. Service was good, had a really long hold time anytime I called room service or concierge - I know it was a busy weekend but they honestly seemed like they couldn't handle the volume. Everything was pretty hectic around the hotel the whole stay. We were on the 59th floor so view was 5 stars though
2	I've stayed at The Cosmopolitan quite a few times now, every time with a high floor fountain view and its be wonderful! However.. We just stayed here for my girlfriends birthday last week and were "upgraded" to a different room than what I had booked. Sounded good at the time but what we ended up with was a room with the view of a roof (literally only 20 feet between us and the roof to Marquee[I think]) and a Japanese bathtub that was pretty awkward and uninviting. After many many great stays at the Cosmo they definitely dropped the ball this time. Time to search for the next great experience that Vegas has to offer! It's been real Cosmo.
5	Probably the best hotel I have ever stayed in at Vegas.   I've been here twice and the first time was incredible. Everything was new and wasn't worn. This was about three years ago.Recently stayed here again in March 2014 and August. The place was a little runned down. Don't think its still worth $300 a night.Last visit was a little irritating checking in. I drove four hours from LA to Vegas to expect my room to be ready. We get in to check-in and they told us we'll have to wait because our room isn't ready. Now, what pizzed me off was that I told that check-in isn't till 3pm. We were there at 3:50pm. The lady had the audacity to tell me "just because check in is at 3pm, it doesn't guarantee for it to be ready." Which is bull shyte. I'm paying, booked way in advance, followed the policy and was checking-in after 3pm. How could it not guaranteed? I finally threw a bissh fit and asked for a supervisor. She also came along and told me the same thing. I told her the same story from the lady before and kept at it for a good 10 minutes. She finally said "oh, there's your room!" They upgraded us for free to a Terrace suite with hot tub, balcony and city center view! Can't complain any more!
5	I am seriously IN LOVE with this hotel!!  It is so beautiful, trendy, modern, youthful and intimate.  They have everything you need, you don't have to ever leave!  I wish I didn't :(As soon as you walk-in the front desk lobby is rows of giant floor length LCD screens that are so cool and chic that you literally exclaim, "WOW!" I love all the bar areas too, they are covered in chandeliers, it's sooo beautiful and classy...just FABULOUS!!!I stayed in a suite with 2 full baths, full kitchen and a washer and dryer! I mean WOW! Rooms were beautiful and every room has a balcony with a spectacular view. It over looks the Bellagio watershow.  I LOVED IT! Room service was also delicious...I got a Nutella Stuffed French Toast with a cornflake crust uhhhhh YUM! The casino is smaller than the other hotels which I liked it more quiet, it made the experience more intimate and not crazy like the other casinos.  Most of the dealers are nice and fun too.  There's a small section next to a bar where they play loud music while you gamble and there are go-go dancers dancing on the table which was super fun...it just hypes you up even though you are losing all your money hahaha! I liked that the hotel did not stink of cigarettes too, they have a super fancy ventilation system.They have Wicked Spoon as their buffet which carries a lot of items you don't expect to find at a buffet.  I loved the asian section, they put the fried rice in mini Chinese to-go containers and also have duk bok gi!! If you're Korean you know how rare that is to find at a buffet!  So they have an awesome buffet, room service and also an array of restaurants to choose from.  Whether your in the mood for a nice steak, sushi or a burger they got you covered. Do yourself a favor and find the "Secret Pizza Place" located somewhere on the 3rd floor and get the "white slice" YOU'RE WELCOME! I dream about this pizza and miss it dearly.The pools are nice and quiet. The east pool "The Boulevard" is bigger and plays music but it gets packed and you won't be able to find a seat if you're looking to lay out because most of them have a drink minimum so try to get there early.  I liked Bamboo on the West side because it was one floor down from my tower and they had seats floating in the water you could just lay out on. It is a more chill smaller pool.So we got pools, bars, buffet, restaurants...what else? Oh yeah they have stores to shop like a huge All Saints.  Then they have a walkway that connects to the mall across the street and Planet Hollywood.  If you need a Walgreens, that's across the street too.  What else you need? Oh yeah, if you want to go to the hottest night club in Vegas they have Marquee located in the hotel too.  I didn't get a chance to check it out, but the line was insane for it when I walked by.Ok so I think I covered everything, all I have left to say is that if you want the best experience Vegas has to offer, you MUST stay at the Cosmo!  Seriously the nicest hotel I've been to in Vegas so far and will be the only hotel I stay at from now on.  I stayed 5 days and was soo sad to leave :( I didn't want to leave! So if you're planning a trip to Vegas...stay here! I have nothing bad to say about this hotel and I've worked in the hospitality industry so I am critical. So BRAVO COSMO BRAVO! Seriously FABULOUS
4	The Cosmopolitan Casino and Hotel was first class in most every way. Dinner at STK was fabulous.  The Casino was clean and didn't smell of smoke or deodorizer as many of the older Casino's smell. We stayed three nights. The room was well large and included a large walk in shower and garden tub.  Our balcony overlooked Belterra and we had a beautiful view fountain show and lights on the strip. The only downfall was with hospitality.  Our room was not restocked with tissue paper and bath soap. The pillows were too soft for us and we about bought some firmer pillows during our stay. The Cosmopolitan offered great gaming and and fun atmosphere for the young people looking a fun mix of gambling and night life.  The girls dancing on tables made it a bit difficult to focus on blackjack hand!
3	Supposed to be a fairly new hotel but you can see the chipped glass doors and dirty carpet by the entrance.
5	My new favorite hotel for vegas! I was pleasantly surprised when I got my room. They gave me a view of the Bellagio fountains which was amazing. I was there with many friends and they had parking lot views, so they came to my room to watch the fountains. Will definitely return next vegas trip!
3	Nice hotel! I like to stay here all the time. Eventho they have no cirque du soleil shows and it's preety boring here beside.The parties at the marquee are preety annoying and the drunk people control the hotel.
3	Very nice place for a conference or business meeting. I recommend the rooms at the 27th floor or higher facing the Bellagio. One of the best views I've ever experienced. Very stylish and comfortable rooms. Fully equipped with dishwasher, sink, fridge and microwave. Bathrooms are world class.
4	I'm a believer! I really like the Cosmo. It's new, so doesn't have that nasty vegas hoar smell yet - you know that cigarette/sweat/hangover/deodorizer smell?We upgraded our room for $40 and have a spectacular view of the bellagio fountains. They have a comfiest chair out there for you too.Ate at STK last night and it was just awesome. The wague sliders with foi are off the hook. Same for the mashed potatoes, and the potstickers. We tried a bunch of items, but these were worth writing home about.I wish they had a convenience store in the lobby. Somewhere to buy cheep snacks, and a 6 pack of beer. I miss that. Also, not great shopping.The chandelier bar is very awesome. Try the verbena. It come with a flower that you eat, and it makes your mouth numb. Fun party trick!
5	When I come to Vegas for work, the Four Seasons is my home away from home... but when I come to Vegas for play, Cosmo is my one and only. This hotel has everything you could ask for for a party weekend- a central location on the Strip, gorgeous decor, beautiful people, great nightclubs (especially Rose.Rabbit.Lie), top restaurants, even the Rent the Runway store in case you need to elevate your outfit for the evening. The fantastic customer service and the little touches in the rooms really propel this hotel into luxury status, and the prices are quite affordable given that almost every window has a gorgeous view of the Bellagio Fountain.
4	Great sexy hotel. Not the ritz but very fun. Rooms are excellent. Service is good. If you want a club experience hotel with that kind of glitz, this is it. We got a spacious, sexy room. I have connections so I don't want to say what I paid but if i paid $500 to $700 a night i would look around. I was in a 1000 sq ft suite w a balcony. 51st floor with great views. The ritz for me is the 5 star standard so I give this place a 4 star. Reminds me of Fountain Bleu in Miami but better service. Not a kid friendly place. Just be aware. Hot people all over like us ;-)
1	I used to love this hotel, so much so that I tried to book a block of rooms for 15 employees during the holiday. The guy I worked with in group sales is incredibly rude. He didn't like my response to his quote so he ignored the 3 emails and 2 calls that followed. Unless he got hit by a bus there is absolutely no excuse for this level of horrible customer service! I will never stay here for business or pleasure. Tons of options in Vegas, spend your money where they actually care about your business.
5	After a few days i must say i love this place. Staff is great, food awesome, hot clubs w free entry if your a guest!!! Yay! Room is spectacular with views. Location is awesome. Beautiful people all over. Reminds me of fountainbleu in miami with a nicer, caring staff. I will stay here again!!! You guys rock! I also stay at Ritz and 4 seasons. Not a family place but a high class party place!
5	This was our second visit to the Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas, We just had to come back and visit this modern awe of a hotel! The lobby strikes you again with the amazing changing columns-pillars, the check in queue wasn't that bad and only had to wait around 10 minutes, the check in clerk came to greet us and shook our hands our welcomed us to the Cosmopolitan, we had booked a One bedroom Terrace and got a free upgrade to a One bedroom Terrace Bellagio View on the 59th floor in the West Tower. Our suite was massive and the view of the Las Vegas strip and the Bellagio fountains was incredible.We used the Bamboo Pool and Boulevard Pool, the Bamboo Pool was more relaxing and the Blvd pool is mainly for the party people but we had a great time in both.The whole place is massive and you can easily get lost but all the people who work there are really friendly.It still is one of the best Hotels on the strip in my opinion and whenever I'm back in Vegas ill be staying here.
4	Instead if going to the usually well known resorts. This hotel was something that I haven't visited.  It was nice.  There was a club right when you walk in.
2	So, last Saturday, my friends and I flew out to Vegas to have some fun and decided on The Cosmopolitan for our first night out.  A very mixed experience!  First we headed over to STK where we had dinner and then decided to have a drink at the bar but quickly decided to go elsewhere because the 2 ladies behind the bar were rude.We made our way over to Vesper.  Wow!  So much talent with a friendly welcome.  The drink was so good and I highly recommend it!Now comes to our final destination: The Chandelier Bar.  We settled in to the second floor but not for long.  We sat next to the service station and notice something disgusting.  A drink was sitting there with the drink ticket INSIDE THE DRINK.  YUCK!  I took a picture and posted it here on Yelp.  Needless to say, I would never go back to Chandelier.  And it kind of makes me wonder what else happens behind the scenes at the other venues.
4	Pros:  Room was very nice.  Thankfully I wasn't paying the $300 a night bill though. Roomy, spacious, very nice view.  The shower was amazing...big enough for 2 people to have a reeallllly intimate shower together. Not sure why there was a kitchen with dishwasher and microwave in the room...isn't the objective for guests to buy food from the hotel or the restaurants within?   Cons: room was too hard to find, and hotel was way too big and the whole place stinks of cigs.  But then again, I have the same gripe about almost every Vegas hotel.  Don't put a finger on the mini bar or the alcohol in the fridge or else you will be charged! haha
4	It's the scene to be seen.The ultimate party hotel in Vegas. From the risque lobby video pillars, to every bar in the lobby, to Marqee (both day and night clubs), the whole hotel just oozes of sexy. While every party hotel claims to have this, only the Cosmo has it in almost every part of the hotel. EVERY part. That's right, valet pool, lobby lounge, bar, elevators, tables, hotel room.... and maybe even a few of the housekeepers (no... really).What many Cosmo visitors don't realize is that the Vesper Bar in the lobby lounge is one of the top ranked in Vegas for craft cocktails. This place is legit. One of the best, with cream-of-the-crop mixologists, and a cocktail menu to make even New York's elite envious. Chandelier bar? It's like a classic yester-year tribute to old Vegas, a la Liberace, complete with overkill and Moet.This is old skool Vegas reborn.
5	from the moment you see the Cosmo to the moment you wave goodbye you are amazed. Almost every single person working at the hotel was friendly, kind and helpful (except the girl at the pool handing out the towels...she was probably mad she couldn't enjoy the pool with us). I would definitely stay here again and again and again!! The only part of the hotel I disliked was when we got off the elevators to our floors the area looked old and worn and smelled of cigarette. a renovation in the near future would be helpful because everything else at the hotel seems so clean and beautiful.
1	This is a long overdue review. My friend and I were groped by some pathetic guy while walking through the lobby on NYE two years ago. I was asked by the bouncers whether I wanted to press charges and I said yes, of course. They brought my husband and I to a back room and, after interrogating me a bit (nice, right?), they told us it would take "four hours" for the police to get there to file a report and we could wait, or just let it go. We saw them treat a girl who was by herself even worse while we were back there - I wonder what terrible thing she had been through.From that time I vowed to never set foot in that hotel again. If that's how they treat a woman who's groped, imagine if something worse happened? I don't think they even kicked the guy out of the hotel. Awesome way to treat women. Oh, and I'm pretty sure I got nasty food poisoning from one of their restaurants.
4	Beautiful hotel! So much to do - you really don't even need to leave. One thing to note, there not much privacy in the bathroom. I was sharing a room with 3 other girls, and since the shower is glass, no one could get read in the bathroom area while someone was showering. It wasn't too much trouble as there are plenty of mirrors in the main room. The balcony was nice and I loved the scent of the complimentary shampoo/conditioner/lotion. Service was a little slow at the Blvd pool. However, it was quite convenient to have (ice cold!) water available at the bar in a dispenser so that you could fill at your leisure. The Wicked Spoon was excellent for brunch and we enjoyed late night pizza both nights at the hidden pizza joint :) Chandelier bar is GORGEOUS, a must go for at least one drink!!
5	5 stars is for the room. The wrap around terrace room to be exact.  Make sure your room is in the East Tower.  While I am sure the West Tower is nice, the long walk back by the convention meeting room areas seems so desolate.The hotel itself has a nice location and has a good mix of semi-casual restaurants on the 4th floor.  If you want to try something unique, book a reservation at Rose Rabbit Lie.  The dinner theatre will be a first for most people.  The hotel Is currently the choice of the upscale non-clubbing scene between the late 20s-50 year old set crowd of pretty people.  If you decide to go casual with a t-shirt and shorts, you will look terribly foolish and probably feel uncomfortable.Gambling area has distracting female dancers in an array of black catsuits to take your mind off of any card counting you're doing.  The Chandelier Bar is a great 2 story social bar set in the middle of the hotel.  Do keep an eye out for the "local talent" as my friend thought he was getting lucky until he found it might cost him something extra.  Anyhow, I find this bar to be the one I end up at even when staying at other hotels.The rooms are fairly priced. A recent 6 day stay cost $2200 for a room that was high grade during a busy convention time.   The wraparound balcony faced the Bellagio and we were treated to a nightly water show.  The bedroom opened out to the balcony so you could sit outside as you deemed suitable.  The bathroom has both a jacuzzi tub for two and a large glass shower with dual sinks and a separate water closet.  The room also comes with a full kitchenette and lounge and entertainment center.  Although you probably won't do any cooking, the suite allows you all the room to entertain a small party or to keep separate if one person wants to retire early or sleep in.All in all the room feels like a luxurious New York bachelor pad, hence "the Cosmopolitan".  Definitely the current "it" hotel for those looking for that jet-setter feel.
4	I love this hotel. I think the location is great, the decor is fun, sleek, modern, and the casino never seems too overly smokey.Last trip we stayed in one of the smaller suites and paid extra for the view. Wow is that worth it! Spent most of our time on our balcony just enjoying the weather, the strip, and of course the Bellagio fountain. The balconies have little comfy chairs on them, perfect for lounging with your morning coffee!The suites are adorable. I love the setup of each. I definitely feel fabulous when staying in this hotel. The bathroom is so beautiful, there's windows from the shower/bathroom into the bedroom, and there's a living room within your room. It's adorable. The room service breakfast option is great. It's Vegas so of course it's pricey! But if you're on vacation you've gotta celebrate and spoil yourself a bit. You can fill out a card with all you want for your morning meal, put it on your door before 2am and you get breakfast delivered at the time you choose! They bring in a table with everything and set it up wherever you want, even the balcony if you choose. Only complaint about last time is that our room smelled like cigarettes (on a non smoking floor), and cologne. It was almost like they were trying really hard to cover up smells and it ended up making my allergies go crazy!!!
2	honestly not impressed AT ALL. I have also stayed at MGM and The Venetian which both far exceeded this hotel. we got a room on the 40th floor facing the strip and fountains but started noticing our room was absolutely filthy- finger prints and dust on everything. makeup all over bathroom walls and blood stains by the window walls, there were little gross black hairs all over both beds. they moved us to a new room on the 32 floor facing a parking lot......... not okay. to make things worse our room smelled like smoke so they brought a machine to purify the air, then our heat wouldn't work so the maintenance man tried fixing it for an hour (he was by far the nicest hotel employee and the only reason I gave 2 stars). the hallway carpets are disgusting as well, everything just feels gross.overall-very very dirty for a "5 star hotel" this is pathetic. I wouldn't stay here again.okay end rant
5	Excellent tables, excellent people, drink service was excellent. I Do not have any negativity to share about the Cosmo.
5	I didn't stay here but boy I spent some time in here!!  The chandelier bar is AMAZING!!!!  This is what Vegas is all about!  I had so much fun here, I will definitely stay here when I return to vegas!!  It's all that and a bag of glitz!!!!
4	My husband and I stayed here on our wedding night. Everything was perfect. Beautiful room with an incredible view. A little pricy on the weekends but well worth it. Deducted a star because they messed up our reservation and it took an hour of my entire wedding party talking to different managers to finally get the problem resolved. Once they finally got us our keys we had an amazing time.
1	This is the worst venue for a concert.. #brunomars concert avoid at all costs.. never again will I ever come here for a concert
4	Beautiful hotel in the middle of the stripe.  Best night club marquee is here and if show ur room key it's free admission (even better) the lay out is alittle confusing. Go to the pool on the 4th floor if you don't go to marquee pool party (which it's not free)
1	This is a review based on customer service for the hotel and how they treat loyal guests for over 3 years...Since the inception of the Hotel I've always been comped a room for anytime I'd like to come out.  After 3 years of staying there now I'm being told that based on their 98% occupancy (which anyone who goes to vegas knows now is offseason) those comps are no longer available.  So for 3 years of never paying for a room you now want to charge me.  The worst they did was let Kendall Brasch go from their VIP services dept.   In saying this I will not be staying there anymore and this VP gentleman I just spoke with Jim (don't remember his last name) was just horrible onn the phone and couldn't answer any questions as to why the comps went away.  All in all back to the Wynn where at least they're LOYAL to their clients!
3	Overall a nice place to stay, with a few issues.First, we are locals and booked a stay here to visit with my parents who came by for a farewell reunion before I leave for the middle east.  My parents are getting up in age and have mobility issues.  The one thing my mother loves is visiting the pools at a hotel, and she will base her hotel selection on the pool alone.  She researched the Cosmo and saw the bamboo pool; a nice, quite, relaxing pool area.  She then called the hotel to confirm that the pool would still be open the third week of October.  She was told specifically that ALL pools would be open until 27 Oct.  THEY LIED. When they checked in, they were told that the Bamboo pool would be closed during their stay.  The main pool that was open is oriented towards younger visitors and plays loud music, not great for an older guest.  They were also put in the opposite tower, based on the Bamboo pool being open, now the walk was too far.  I would have called my credit card, cancelled authorization and walked away from the front desk, but they are nicer than I am.  After the first day, they were moved to the east tower, so at least they could get to the open pool.  This entire sequence is UNACCEPTABLE.  If you tell guests that a facility will be open, it better be open unless something unforeseen happens (there were no issues).Now to our stay/room; nice room, spacious, expensive.  The shower is very quirky and difficult to set a constant temperature.  The tub was trendy, but not highly functional.  Climbing in/out is a bit of a chore and it is not wide enough to stretch your legs.  We had an issue with cooling the room.  The bedroom thermostat went down to 65 degrees, but the bedroom never got near that temp.  We called guest services the last night and they claimed to have fixed it, but it remained the same.  The balcony was nice, but the sliding door was almost impossible to open.Overall, a good room, but you over pay for it.  The misinformation about the pools is unforgivable.
5	Stayed at The Cosmopolitan for 3 amazing nights the last week of September and I can't stop talking about it! Upon arriving at the hotel our room was upgraded to a room with a balcony on a high floor which had a nice view. Everything about this place was VEGAS, there was always a good time to be had regardless of the time of day or night. We went to Marquee on Monday and had a great time. The casino was also great, it was very lively even late at night. One of my favorite finds at the cosmopolitain was the secret pizza kitchen/ the sicilian white pizza is one of the best slices I've had in my life. The gym was nice, the mojitos by the pool were delicious and the rooms were modern and comfortable. I could go on and on ... I really have no complaints about the cosmo, it was an amazing time and I hope to be back soon!
3	We originally went here to check out the pool, but were bummed to find out it is only open to guests at the hotel. However, we had a nice time wandering around and we even saw a really cool live jazz sextet in the lobby under the chandelier. I would love to stay here sometime to get the full experience.
5	I love how the slogan here is :"Just the right amount of wrong"My gf and I tend to go to Vegas often because it's a quick and easy trip and the hotels are top notch for competitive prices. We booked our stay 2 months in advance and it came with $100 dining credit. We got the terrace suite with a balcony facing the bellagio fountains with the japanese washing tubs and it was an awesome experience. As for our room, it was huge! We could have easily fitted 15 people in our room because we had 3 sections, the bed room, the dressing room area and the living room area. Additionally, when one of our fridges broke down, they came right away with another mini fridge so we ended up having two fridges during our stay. :). The service here is top notch from top to bottom. The concierges here are super helpful and they respond instantly. My gf loved all of our concierges because they were all feisty and fabulous. Oh dear. XD. The valet system here is crazy because you just scan your code into a system and you sit in a lounge area while they pull up your car. Definitely beats Vdara and Aria's valet system. Moreover, I don't usually care about the bath room products too much but Cosmo soaps are amazing. I love peppermint soap! When we called for extra soap they were like "how many do you want!"The amenities here are endless, from dining, clubbing and shopping.For you night animals, if you stay here on any days from Monday to Friday, you get comp access to Marquee which is a deal because they have awesome djs all the time like Kaskade and Dash Berlin. Pretty sweet because I would hate to pay the $50 to get in. As for dining, we used our credit to eat at secret pizza, Holsteins and Wicked Spoon and all of them provided top notch quality food for us. You can read my reviews of each spot separately.Also, during the summer time. They have movies playing at the pool which is really cool. Sitting on a water foam bed while watching classics like jurassic park and ET!Additionally, the gym's view was amazing. I usually don't care about the gyms but the treadmill's view is the freaking bellagio fountains! They give free earphones and apples here as well.As for shopping, they have plenty of options and if you want more high end shopping, you can walk over to the city center. That's the thing I love about the cosmo is it's location, it's in the middle of the strip and you get the best possible view of the strip here.Overall, our experience here was top notch. My gf fell in love with the cosmo and she adores the bellagio fountain and strip views from this location.I might be wrong about a lot of places but this place definitely gets it right! ;)
5	Very nice hotel in a perfect location. The amenities are perfect, tuns of restaurant choices, and extremely friendly staff. Make sure to request the Bellagio veiw.
1	The Manager of the Group Sales Department reached out to me on Yelp and invited me to reach out to her to let her know what had happened. I sent her an email but never got a response. On the same day miraculously I received an email from the original rep (more than a month after our initial correspondence) asking if there was anything he could do. I had some choice words in my reply, which he apparently forwarded to his boss. Within an hour I received an email from his boss along with 4 recall attempts on the message. As I looked at her email I noticed she had neglected to remove the reps commentary from the email he forwarded basically saying I'm a liar and he did nothing wrong. Classless and unprofessional! Good luck Cosmopolitan with a circus act like this in charge!
5	We spent 4 nights at this hotel, accepted the upgrade for a few more dollars and it's worth the money: a Japanese tub with a great view, bed is more than comfortable and the space is great. It's good to have on the TV app (2 TVs BTW) every charge to your room including the Mini-bar charges just seconds after you grab something and its easy to Check-out so you don't have to make line in the lobby. Awesome and near almost everything on the Strip.
5	For an all-girls Vegas trip? For a group of 20-somethings looking to party? I wouldn't stay anywhere else. A very young and hip hotel, (thankfully) don't expect the mom and pops kind of crowd when staying here. The entire hotel's motif is sexy and modern, a perfect and dangerous Vegas combo. I did not encounter a staff member that didn't show the utmost professionalism and respect, even when we ran into a few mishaps with the room we were staying in. They were especially accommodating to our requests and were easy to communicate with. I would suggest requesting to stay on the East End (with much better views) rather than the West; although, the West End is much closer to concierge and the taxi pick-up and drop-off if that's of more importance to you. That's really all there is...I'd say more, but that would totally go against the "What Happens in Vegas" saying, and I really don't feel like having to explain this review to my friends.
4	The Cosmopolitan Las Vegas is a very stylish and quite hip hotel on the Las Vegas strip, ideally located between the lavish Bellagio Hotel and the fashionable City Center, across from the magnificent Paris Las Vegas Hotel and the rather understated Planet Hollywood Hotel, right in the middle of the famous  strip.  If your dream is to be in the center of it all, this is the place to be!  The rooms are exceptionally stylish and really do live up to and exemplify "cosmopolitan".  My view from the 25th floor presented breathtaking vistas of the Bellagio water show and the Eiffel Tower of the Paris and much more eye candy on the strip.  Be sure to request a room with such a great panorama of Vegas with which to take in the spectacle!While I truly loved and enjoyed the room and the service of the hotel, there was surprisingly no coffee maker or alarm clock/radio in the room and the windows were far overdue for a cleaning, which did distract somewhat from that spectacular view, which is why I'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5.All and all, this hotel is swank and sophisticated, both a great place for a business conference or just decadent Las Vegas vice, and well worth a stay.  One more thing, the Chandelier Bar is absolutely spectacular and must not be missed!
4	Summary - stylish, upscale hotel in mid-strip with the most beautiful clientele and great restaurants, but a bit "cold"...+I rented a Terrace Studio with a friend - two queen beds, tub and shower, kitchenette (microwave, sink)  and living room area. Outside Terrace with great view. Good wifi. On paper the best ever. But not enough drawer space, and while elegant, completely lacking in charm. After Day 1 my friend moved to the Paris where he got a deal on a Premier Red Room (upgraded with a view) which while not as luxurious, and no terrace or microwave, had more charm (and the Paris is not nearly as nice or cool hotel as Cosmo). The Cosmo is the most happening hotel in Vegas - always packed with beautiful young things, and the bars are elegant. Secret Pizza is good (like an average NY pizzeria), China Poblano is awesome, and the buffet is good but not great. For big shots there are good odds Video Poker machines in the high limit room, and if you avoid the 6:5 blackjack there are reasonable BJ games.  As an older happily married man I prefer the Encore or Vdara. The Mandarin is even nicer but too expensive. But I will probably go back to the Cosmo if they make me a good offer - there is nothing major to complain about...
3	I decided to come and stay here for the Halloween week-end, I like to stay in a different place each time.The room was great overall but the lighting fixtures had minds of their own switching on and off. The top floors of the hotel only has a bank of 6 elevators for floors 47-61. This was a bad move when they built this propertyI never have had to wait sooo long for the elevators.One more day/nite here but will not return, new place!!! Maybe the WynnLooks amazing!!Cheers
5	I loved loved LOVED my one bedroom fountain view suite on the 28th floor. The terrace with a perfect view of the Bellagio fountain with Paris and the strip in the background... It was amazing!!! I could sit in my Japanese soaking tub, look out the window and watch the fountain show. I could take a sexy shower with open see-through view from the bed. I had a full living room and kitchenette and the closets were plentiful for all of our nice clothes. Everything was clean and we had regular maid service. It was great! A little pricey but you can't get something half as nice here on Oahu where I live for the price we paid. The cost is fair and definitely worth it for the suite!!!The central location can't be beat. Walking distance to all the best hotels and casinos. Excellent dining choices on site. But the pools... Meh. This hotel caters to a younger crowd and I just felt like it was too dirty and crowded to go in. I sat on a lounge seat and drank a cocktail. The decor is beautiful. I mean that Chandelier is just so impressive and pretty. The shoe sculptures! The classic Hollywood! Wow. This hotel makes me think if Carrie Bradshaw was a hotel- she would be The Cosmopolitan. The clubs were incredibly busy and were THE place to be for all the club rats. Lots of activity. Great for the young, single crowd.I loved our stay and highly recommend!!
4	The Cosmo is SWANKY, but you pretty much get what you pay for.  My boyfriend and I stayed in a Terrace Studio with a fountain view and it was breathtaking!  The view of the strip from the balcony was unbeatable.Our room had a queen bed, two TV's, a kitchenette, and an awesome blue velvet L-shaped couch.  BUT WAIT, it also had a garden bathtub with whirlpool jets!  The decor was hip and contemporary, maybe even a little over the top, but it's Vegas so go with it!My only criticism is that there wasn't space in the mini-fridge for any of our own food/drinks and there wasn't a coffee maker.I would definitely stay here again.
1	Poor customer service.  They send me free rooms via email and through the mail and when I call to use them they want to charge me for the rooms.  Total bait and switch.  Beware of this hotel and casino
5	First few drinks after checking in. Enjoying the game at the sports book bar. Terrance and Clyde are amazing. Cracking me up and keeping up with the patrons. Everyone is having a great time and these guys are providing the service I crave when I'm on vacation. On a side note... it's pretty rare to keep a smile on my face when a my team is losing.
3	Seems like everyone I talk with who's going to Las Vegas now stays at the Cosmopolitan.  There are some great things about it: (1) If you're a frequent business traveler, you can use Marriott points here(2) Wrap around balconies in the suites are awesome, and their views are phenomenal(3) Some suites have mini kitchens and even washer/dryers!(4) Central Strip locationBut, there are things I just don't like about the Cosmopolitan:(1) Even 20 floors up, the beat of the nightclub was so loud until 5AM that I didn't get much sleep.  I know, I know... not supposed to sleep in Las Vegas anyway, but that should be by choice and not environment.  (2) Casino floor is very small.  You'll very likely end up going elsewhere to gamble.  (3) Have only tried a few Cosmo restaurants, but they weren't in the "blow your socks off" category the top ones on the Strip offer.If you have Marriott status, sure, I get it.  But, having stayed at nearly 20 properties on the strip, there are several places I prefer more.
5	Just spent my first night in this hotel and it was lovely. The rooms have beautiful touches, whimsical wallpaper inside the closet is probably my favorite little surprise. There are fun books also inside the room including one with topics for conversation starters, very clever. Wonderful whirlpool tub, open floor plan. Huge bathroom. Specialized lighting, the details that make these rooms so special just go on and on. Location is superb, walk to high end shopping, Bellagio, MGM Grand, Luxor, New York New York. Trendy and well done.
4	This was my first trip to vegas, I wanted a nice hotel, but wanted a little younger crowd then I thought the Bellagio might have. Honestly, this hotel is worth the cost. It's a modern hotel, two pools, and a very expansive casino. We stayed in the west tower and paid for a terrace view. The room was great, soft and comfortable bed, down comforter, marble bathroom sinks and massive shower, as well as bathtub. Good location in the middle of the strip, free parking, and nice view. The room does have a mini fridge, but there's little storage for things like leftovers and drinks as it is full of the typical costly minibar items. The staff was always helpful and friendly. I liked the Wicked Spoon Buffet, exceptional desserts and prime rib, the buffet was more expensive then the Bellagio but higher quality. I'll be staying here again.
4	Ultra modern and trendy feel.  Normally have great deals for identity program members.  Overall feel high end bar/club.
4	Overall a lavishly decorated, interesting, and fun hotel to stay at in Vegas! Beautiful interior and rooms as well - I had a large room on the 61st floor, with a sitting area, balcony, huge bathroom with jacuzzi tub, two TVs, fridge, sink, microwave, the works. The meeting facilities are also top notch as far as I could tell. Location is convenient as well, as you're basically right in the middle of everything. Final result is an awesome awesome hotel that I would stay at again, hands down, no questions asked!Some slightly negative things to mention as well though, brace yourselves -There was some noise from the club at night. I'm as much a of fan of bumping bass as the next guy, but it was a little loud until about 3am (and I was on the 61st floor and still hearing it!). I know some other Yelpers mentioned that as well, but it really didn't bother me that much. I put a fan on and went to sleep - come on, it's Vegas! My jacuzzi in my room was weird. Maybe I don't know how to use jacuzzis well, but mine would turn on in the middle of the night by itself. It sounded like a vacuum cleaner kicking on, and woke me up in the middle of the night two nights in a row. Not a huge deal - jumped out of bed, turned it off, went back to sleep. Maybe my room was haunted? Or odds are I just screwed up and put it on a timer or something. Who knows?My room was starting to show a little bit of wear and tear - carpet becoming a little worn, edges of the tables and desk getting a little nicked up. Just me being nitpicky though. It was still a beautiful room.I know the negatives got more space than the positives here, but make no mistake - I would consider myself lucky to be able to stay at the Cosmo again!
4	This is one of the newer hotels on the Vegas strip. It's super fancy and classy looking I'm sure everyone will love the sight of it! Few things I really enjoyed about this hotel is the restaurants, and the secret pizza spot which is open til late in the morning! Not to mention the decorations inside are beautiful, they make you feel like you surrounded by nothing but chandeliers and crystals all around you. You can also find the famous Marquee nightclub here as well. On another note they do have the wicked spoon buffet here but it's not too good, I would like to share with everyone to skip this buffet.
4	Came here to eat at the Wicked Spoon Buffet! The service I experienced at the buffet was amazing, from paying at the cashier for 2 adult buffet meals to our server Will!  When I was paying at the cashier before being seated, the woman asked if I was an Identity card member and if I would like to sign up for it? She said it was free and I signed up, she then added my transaction to the Identity card so I could get points after I filled out my information.  She handed me a temporary card and said I could go to the Identity card desk that is across from the escalator downstairs.  After we enjoyed our buffet lunch, we headed downstairs and the lady at the Identity desk was really nice helped us. She talked about how great the Wicked Spoon buffet was and that the Cosmo is owned by the Marriott Hotel Corperation.  The hotel is super modern and upscale. Its amazing and breathtaking the crystals everywhere is hella cool! I know Richard Marriott and I was glad I was able to come, since this hotel wasn't built yet the last time I was in Vegas in 2005!
5	My boyfriend introduced me to his favorite hotel on the Vegas strip, and I am now sold on it as well!  The rooms are spacious and perfectly laid-out with a large, luxurious bathroom, complete with jacuzzi tub and a HUGE shower.  The sitting area is large enough to accommodate a small sectional couch, the bed amazingly comfortable, and each room has a balcony (a rare touch in Las Vegas)!Some people complain that the casino is fairly small.  Personally, I prefer that as you don't have to walk and walk to navigate the hotel, unlike many other properties.  I also like the layout where the restaurants are above the casino.  It's convenient to check out all the dining options quickly.The Cosmopolitan is very centrally located on the Strip.  I'm counting down to my next trip!
5	Incredible rooms with awesome views of The Strip and sunset over Red Rock Mtns. Beautiful hotel.
2	The pictures of the casino that are posted on here are accurate to the reality of just how many people are inside gambling. Went inside on a Saturday night and it was seriously a ghost town. We counted 18 people on the floor playing table games. 10:30pm on a Saturday night. 18 people. The staff waiting at empty tables looked like they wanted to shoot themselves, just to end their misery. This place cost 3.9 billion dollars to build. LOLOLOLOLOL- ouch. Good luck recouping that when no one is there on a Saturday night. We headed down the street and gambled at casinos where actual people were.
4	This hotel is classy!!  The pool is a little rowdy for my taste.  Some dude got pantsed in the pool and I felt like we needed to bathe in bleach.  Overall, the hotel rooms and bars are amazing.  Wish they had better food options.
1	Gave us a room that was completely uncleaned then made us wait 30 mins for new room. No one came to apologize or offered to comp us or upgrade us. Not what you expect for a high end hotel on the strip.
5	We stayed at the Cosmo last weeek for our annual "staycation" we chose the wrap around suite, the view off the valcony is absouletly beautifull and very romantic when the fountains at the bellagio go off. the staff was amazing and our oveall stay was a 5 star expeience!!
5	This is one of my absolute favorite hotel to stay at when I am in Vegas. This hotel is meant more for singles or couples not very much groups or family. The hotel staff is very friendly and helpful. I stayed in a one bedroom Terrance suite. The room is absolutely amazing. I had a jacuzzi & patio which we saw the bellagio fountain show from our room. We had a mini living room as well. I loved my spacious room and cannot wait to stay here in the future.
2	Nice place, not a fan of the sports bar. Bartenders very rude to all customers who aren't female.If they could provide some decent service and not act so entitled could easily be one of the best on the strip.
5	Loved it!!!!From the minute we checked in and throughout our whole visit , everyone was extremely nice and welcoming .The room we got was big and beautiful with many enmities .Big bathroom with a jacuzzi tub and double sink.A living room , a Kitchenet with a dishwasher , microwave and fridge.Comfortable bass and modern design for the whole room with open space features and the best part was , the balcony .It's the first hotel in Vegas that I've been in (and I go at least 3 times a year) with a balcony , facing the bellagio fountains (great site).The buffet is great and the food is delicious .Casino dealers are nice and welcoming (I actually left with some money in my pocket ).I used to be a regular at the Mandalay bay , the cosmopolitan just got themselves a new regular customer.See you soon!
5	Hands down one of my favorite hotels on the strip. Location is PERFECT, beautiful suites, and you can't beat the view from the balcony. We got a comp room for 2 nights in the East tower. We love the closeness of the parking elevators and just everything about the rooms and hotel. This is not a cheap hotel but this is definitely a great way to do Vegas right.
3	Met some friends at the STK bar upstairs. The hotel itself is drop dead gorg, and the people are too! I saw some of the best looking men and women in that bar! If I was younger and single, I'd be hanging out here...maybe...if I was into that scene. Everyone looked like they were dripping with money, so that is really not my scene. But if you're a gold digger, man or woman, this is the place!!
4	We stayed here for our Targa Trophy event. Got a discounted room which was nice.I didn't have much expectations since it was a discounted room, but it was absolutely beautiful !We got the Terrace One Bedroom.Once you walk in, there is a living room with couch, coffee table, full work desk, flat screen TV and a kitchen with a full bar and snacks.As you pass the living room, you walk through a hallway with full closet on one side, and bathroom on the other side. The closet even came with separate shelves for laundry, shoes, and iron. The bathroom had its own slidable door. Came with two seperate sinks, seperate bathroom, make up mirror, and other amenities such as soap, lotion, tissues, cutips, and hair dryer.The shower was really unique, it was its own walk in room with a large clear glass door. In the middle was another short hallway with full shelves. And on the other end was a Japanese soaking tub. The tub was a bit on the small side but was nice because the hot water actually worked and didn't take a long time to heat up.The bed.... felt like I was sleeping on a cloud. King size pillow top mattress with feather down comforters and tons of pillows of all sizes! It was heaven. There are two end tables on each side with individual lamps. At the end of the bed, lays another flat screen tv. Lastly, we had a balcony that overlooked the strip. I thought it was really nice that they even had a small day bed outside with a table and a candle.Overall, it was one of the best rooms I've stayed in. It was just perfect. I could just live in that room. Lol.Only downfall was that when we were trying to check out of the room through our flat screen tv, there was a charge that said we used an item from the mini bar, when we did not use anything. So we had to go wait in line at the front desk in order to check out which took up some time.AND I didn't realize I had forgotten my make up bag until we got back home to San Diego which was very unfortunate. Luckily I was able to call the lost and found the next day and they had it in their possession. I was able to locate my missing make up bag quickly, but would've liked it better if they had called us as soon as they found it the night before, so that I could've picked it up while I was still in Vegas.But nonetheless, great customer service and quality.
4	Fabulous place to stay. It's gorgeous and has a good club inside. There are tons of good places to eat including a great pizza place in a small nook.Why 4 stars and not 5 stars?They charge an exorbitant amount for an extra fridge, same for coring a bottle for you.  Why the hell isn't it complimentary?? As well when we checked in, there was a pop can missing from the fridge when we got there and then the hotel proceeded to charge us for it at the end of our stay. $7 for a coke I never even drank?? Na ah!! So they took it off after I pointed it out on the bill.  The concierge checking us in was great. The one checking us out...couldn't do basic math. I would def recommend this place if it's in your vacay budget!
5	Once again, my experience was fantastic. The Cosmopolitan is nothing short of a fantastic resort. The staff, the gaming, the rooms are all first class. Thanks again Cosmo. I'll be back soon.
5	FRODO! One word- the one machine!Came here on thanksgiving and this is one of the nicest, most luxurious hotels, probably my favorite!I had so much fun coming here and playing the Lord of the Rings game with my boyfriend, his brother and family! The machine kept winning! So much 8 hours later we left at 6am! I will say service is hit or miss though. We found the sweetest lady named Kathy who asked us all if we had player cards which we didn't and she took our ids while playing and came right back with cards! Awesome!We did have a cocktail waitress, or a few. Some really were nice and efficient and as time went on the service really diminished. My boyfriend found a player card in a machine & went to return it only for a waitress to rudely say pretty much who cares "they can get a new one". Ruudddeee, (I think that one "magic" song when it comes to this, um "why you gotta be soo rudeee?").Nonetheless this place gets a 5 from me, still Cuz it's just so beautiful. I've been to their Marquee nightclub too and I've had loads of fun!This is a place to stop at in Vegas!
5	So I've been going to Marquee since it opened, mostly staying at the Jockey Club, Cosmopolitan's diminutive step child. Literally. It's nestled right below the Cosmo, allowing you to take advantage of some of Cosmo's benefits, at a fraction of the price, especially with a group of friends. But nothing's as good as the real deal and in the case of Cosmo, this place is even better than I hoped. Booked a One Bedroom Terrace over Thanksgiving weekend. The room was pristine, from the huge bathroom complete with Japanese soaking tub, to the terrace overlooking the Strip. I got there at 12:30PM and my room was already all set. Check in was a breeze. Some call Cosmo's service impersonal, but I see them kind of like I see Virgin. Staff is there if you need them but if not, you never have to see them. I even checked out through the television in my room. Cool.But the best part about Cosmo, at least from this clubgoers perspective, is Marquee. Even up on the 55th floor, Marquee is just a zip down the elevator to the 2nd and 3rd floors. Unfortunately Marquee isn't free for hotel guests on Saturdays, so your best bet is purchasing a ticket online. Every other day Marquee is open is free for guests, though.One quick down side. An extra minibar charge showed up on my hotel bill and from what I'm reading, I'm not the only one this has happened to. All in all, though, this is one of the best hotels I've stayed at in my life. The style, brand and vibe of the place is as good as it gets. The variety of pools, lounges and restaurants both inside and outside also makes it possible to spend your entire Vegas stay at this one epic casino-hotel. In the winter, they've now added an ice rink where guests can put on skates in the desert for 5 bucks. From now on, Cosmo is my go to.
5	This hotel is part of Marriott, so you can use your Marriott points to book a room. If you stay here often you should start racking your points for a free room. And it's easy to book the room with your points. I have stayed in suites each time I have stayed at this hotel and I love the spacious open layout of the rooms. I believe they are very generous with upgrades. This is because the one time I booked a standard room, I was upgraded. It was when my girlfriends and I booked a 2 kings size bed room we were upgraded to a suite. The upgrade was quick and happened at the front desk while I was checking in. It was a fun surprise. The bar area in the rooms have a modern open layout. The bar is fully stocked. Their bathrooms are open and modern. The view is awesome. It's right in front of the water show so no need to head out to see that. Their balcony connects to the bedroom and the living area, so it's definitely more romantic. It's always easy to catch a cab right in front of the hotel. The hotel offers great services. Secret pizza, cafes, shopping, casino, clubbing is all offered in the hotel. The hotel itself has an edge and playful flare. They have a well laid out emergency route for any 911 emergencies. The staff seemed very competent and professional in the emergency evacuation when we called an ambulance on one of the nights.
5	This is the best hotel/casino in vegas. Location - right in the middle of everything. Shopping - there's some cool shops all throughout city center and within the cosmopolitan itself, if wanna get fancy tho head over to Crystals, bring your credit card and forget your conscience. Restaurants - during my recent stay we ate at : Holsteins awesome burger place, Blue Ribbon Sushi - fantastic, Jaleo - delicious tapas place, and Scarpetta - Scott conant's italian place - which I liked a lot, but I should have ordered something different. The room service breakfast was delicious and well portioned.The rooms - best on the strip, easily. We had a terrace suite in the west tower and it was straight out of a movie. The entire Cosmopolitan is artfully and beautifully decorated down to the last detail, every little nook and cranny of this place is designed to please the eyes and it accomplishes that marvelously. Service - every employee there was impressively accomadate and nice. You'll feel special here. The valet and bell service is ridiculously fast, convenient and polite. Everyone that works here looks happy. The casino - fun as can be. Every dealer we had was fun, smart and polite. The bars - all  the casino bars are nice looking have comfortable seating and pro level bartenders. The clubs - we went to Marquee and it was the coolest club I've ever been to, you'll feel like you're in a movie. We saw Sander Van Doorn and he killed it, I wrote a separate review for marquee, check it out. If you can afford to stay, eat and gamble here, it's all worth it, please do it, allow this place to be the base camp of your Vegas Adventure, you'll be so happy. Trust me. Thank you Cosmopolitan for the best Week I've had in Vegas in my life...so far.  Almost forgot - The fitness center - has all the essentials and is very well staffed. There's also outdoor tennis and it was fun. And.....The Identity rewards program is also my new favorite one in Vegas, sign up immediately and earn points on everything you buy in the casino. Even all the shops. Boom. Done
2	I expected to be treated better for the money that was spent. Customer service needs to improve.
4	Ok. The cosmo is considered a trendy, ultra hip resort hotel near the center of the strip. It's a pretty cool property overall, but what really drew me here was the opportunity to stay in a hotel that included a balcony for you to hang out on and just chill. I booked it through a 3rd party travel site and got a sweet weekend deal. You will pay a small premium for the balcony rooms, but let me tell you: They definitely are worth it for the absolute best views in vegas. All the rooms at the Cosmo are suites with a fridge, microwave, minibar, etc. They are tastefully decorated and very spacious. But the feature attraction was the balcony. My room was on the side of the building facing the Bellagio fountains watershow. To be able to walk out on the balcony and see the show  from ABOVE the fountains  was absolutely awesome!! You can literally see the entire strip all lit up at night, and it is truly a sight to see. They have an awesome Pool party/nightclub called Marquee. If you desire a quieter night's sleep be sure and ask for a room higher up, because the noise from the club can definitely be heard , even from the 39th floor. Not bothersome to me, but others might have a problem with it. Overall the Cosmo is a very nice property, and it's worth at least 1 stay there to experience the terrace suites.
5	By far the best hotel on the strip. Not a hint of smoke, perfectly located on the strip and the friendliest staff I've encountered on the strip. The rooms are massive! Bathroom, living room, and bedroom in 3 seperate partitions. Like NYC apartment. We had views of the Bellagio fountain and saw the show a dozen times. The gym, oh the beautiful gym on the 14th floor of the west tower was enormous! I was there everyday. They even had a boxing ring! Lol.If you can get a room at the Cosmo for your trip, I highly recommend.
2	Nice hotel and Casino bad customer service.  Trying to make reservations and talk with casino host is a pain and waste of time. Tried calling and after a series of transfers I was disconnected several times. When finally got the casino hosts department left messages and never got a call back. They were suppose to send email to me the first time I talked to them but never got any email.
5	Best hotel in Vegas. Amazing hotel room with open floor plan from bathroom, living area, bed and porch. Gorgeous view of the Bellagio fountains and Vegas strip. Friendly staff and good casino. Very trendy and younger crowd. Highly recommended.
5	Just stayed again at Cosmopolitan.  It was awesome. Room perfect. Drinks great. Recommend it 100%. Really improved.
4	I'm a fan of the Caesar's properties because I get practically everything comp'd.  In this visit we went off the grid and came here to gamble... and for Secret Pizza, of course!.I didn't have my frequent Identify card on me, so I pushed the "service" button on my slot for help.  It took a while, but someone came, and got me my Identity card.  Stephen's mom was playing a slot next to me and Lady Lucky was smiling on her.  It kept triggering, as was Stephen's machine. I was doing well, too.  The guy next to me was playng Top Dollar and he hit a big payout of $1800.  So I guess you can say Lady Luck was smiling on all of us.After a few hours we went to the 3rd floor for Secret Pizza http://www.yelp.com/biz/secret-pizza-las-vegas?hrid=Qzv1s6CDAQJdskfslxI_Yw and picked up 3 slices and a 2 liter of diet coke for about $22.This casino has 4 levels, from shopping, gambling, dancing, and entertainment.  I really like this place, and hope to build up enough Loyalty Points for free stuff.
5	One of the best locations on the strip, it sits next door to Bellagio.  They really try hard to capture the essence of Vegas by theming up the place with modernized looks from the 60's and their James Bond themed bars. There are actually 2 Bond bars, the Vesper Bar and the James Bond Bar itself.  They also have their famous Chanelier Bar, with a gi-normous chandelier hanging down 3 entire floors with bars built around them.  It's really a beautifully designed casino inside, the public area's lounges and walkways have a sleek, colorful design that remind me of the 1960's but touched up to look modern.  There are several restaurants on the top floor that are impressive (Holsteins Burger joint has foie gras burgers!) including STK, Rose Rabbit Lie and the hidden pizza joint.  Their main attraction, though, is the Wicked Spoon which is my favorite buffet place.I've stayed here twice now, the first time on a Tues I upgraded to a suite and it was incredible!  The room was entirely automated with 2 bathrooms and a jacuzzi bath in the master, the room controlled by the TV (temperature, lights, music) as well as washing machine and a view of the Bellagio fountains on the patio, so you can here the music in the open air as well.  The 2nd time was a standard room, which was still really nice but nothing as exceptional as the suite.  It had a view of the fountains but didn't open so you couldn't hear.  The Cosmopolitan is a fun place to stay and it's one of the best places on the Strip.  Restaurants and bars are cool, you really feel like you're in old time Vegas here, one of the best places to impress that special someone.
4	I want to tell you first of all that we had a great time at the Cosmopolitan.  Great rooms, great casino, friendly staff.  3 of my friends stay at your hotel regularly.  It was my first time.However, the experience we had at Marquee was disgusting!!!  Justen and his staff should be embarrassed!!! As I mentioned in my earlier emails, I was looking for recommendations for a club with table/bottle service for 40-50 year olds as it was my friends 50th birthday.  You sent me to Justen.  I did not know he only worked for Marquee.   He said the club was perfect for us and he would set us up with a "great table".  I even tipped him $100 on the way in...  It was all 20 something patrons.  Not what we were told or even sold!!! They set us up with a table in the back corner by the bathroom.  It was horrible.  Couldn't have been further from the dance floor.  Not even in the ring. Then they triggered a fraud alert on my visa and they would not let anyone have any of the drinks even though they know we were staying in the hotel. What is that all about???   It took the waitress (Mary) over 30 minutes to re-process it. We were all standing there with our thumbs up our ass. Now the icing on the cake....Mary told me she was leaving for the night.  I signed the bill and included a 20% gratuity.  Then she comes back and asks for a tip for the bar back who kept up with the mixers etc...  She said the gratuity didn't include him.  I was so angry at that point that I just charged another $50 on my card.  Then I go to the bathroom and come back and our whole area was cleaned out and know one knew what was up.  I felt worked over and angry over the whole experience.  Disgusted!!!! The next day on check out neither of you were around.  They had some manager from Marquee call me and he said he would give me $50 towards my next visit to Marquee.  Seriously?????   You all should be embarrassed after us spending over $10,000 for 2 days.Absolutely angry that I stayed at your hotel after the night.
5	First time staying here for my bday and it was amazing all the way! The room we got came with a big balcony and the view was to die for..the room was big and clean and even better that it came with a microwave, fridge (with minibar all in one) & a dishwasher (we didn't use) BUT all the necessities you want and need. The hotel was gorgeous and all my friends loved it as well and def wanna stay there from now on :) oh & I booked with southwest vacations so it was a packaged deal and not too bad of a price if your sharing with friends and can split the cost!
3	We really enjoy staying at the Cosmopolitan. The rooms are stylishly modern decorated and the casino is hip with all its glassy glitz.  I wouldn't consider this a family hotel but good for us as a couple as we do not have young children.  The slick visuals and glass make this place interesting and classy.  We were disappointed that the one Italian restaurant we wanted to eat at here (and the main reason we stayed here this time) was closed for Thanksgiving week. Something to remember for future reservations - always check on the restaurants or stores that you want to visit first to see if they're open or still there...  Check-in and out was a breeze (the staff are extra nice). The only room complaint we have is that the water pipes in our room were extremely noisy all night (coming from other rooms as well!) and this was very disturbing and difficult.  Too bad, seems like the glitz is a facade for cutting corners on construction. Too bad.  We did like that the hotel has free and easy parking, although they get you with a high resort fee on top of the room rate (most Marriott Hotels do this - NOT NICE MARRIOTT!). But, at least this place didn't charge for parking too... The little coffee bar near reception is horrible and unhappy not nice people work there - and their coffee is nasty... the lady never acknowledged me and never said thank you or you're welcome even after I said it three times! But, overall, I would stay here again because of the convenience on the strip, it's easy to walk everywhere, and the large stylish rooms are very clean and nice....
5	This is a very hotel. They treat you with utmost respect.   We checked in and they had  to take us on a 30 minute tour of the hotel to your room,.  We stayed in a bungalow which was equipped with a elevator .  It had 3 floors and elevator stopped on each floor.  On.the first floor there was a full kitchen and a modern living room. The second floor has a sleep area and a separate room to chill in and  the 3rd level was the jacuzzi floor.   The bungalow was connected to the club so when we walked out the back door we at the real live party or in day time we at the pool area.  The butler's  came to our room with the room service and set up a nice displau. They also  mix up our drinks. Wow! That was a treat.
5	Love this hotel! Look forward our Vegas trips!Like the fact the balcony overlooked the Bellagio.The place is classy and clean, which I love!
2	This was an up and down experience. The service was definitely lacking: upon arrival- the absence of a bellhop to help with bags, the hair in the shower of our room, the stain on the sofa of our room (beyond disgusting). However I love that the rooms have balconies and some great views. The casino is nice and the location is great since it is pretty much smack in the middle of the strip. However, for the cost there are definitely better options.
4	Stayed in a 1-bedroom fountain view room for my husband's 40th birthday, 31st floor, West Tower.  I didn't know which tower was better--I would choose the East Tower next time just because it's closer to the restaurants and the strip.  We ended up having to walk over there every day.I loved the room and our view was incredible.  The bed was very comfortable. I loved the bathroom and the huge shower. The room was perfect as a meeting place for our group of 4 to hang out, mix drinks, watch football and enjoy drinks on the balcony.  We stayed Saturday-Wednesday in December and heard no noise.  The hotel was really only crowded on the Saturday night.What keeps it from 5 stars:  there are no drawers anywhere for your clothes--I had to live out of my suitcase.  We only had housekeeping come once and they did not replenish some items like cotton balls and washcloths.  At check-in, we weren't told anything about Wi-Fi, club access, etc., it was mainly just here is your key.  We had already eaten at several of the restaurants on previous visits.  This visit we tried STK and China Poblano (along with the Henry and secret pizza) and really liked them both.  The Chandelier Bar was not good this trip however and we will be skipping it next trip.Overall, I love this hotel and it will be hard to stay anywhere else.
5	Who doesn't like staying at the newest, most modern, in-the-middle-of-the-strip hotel?What's even better? A free room! I've been comped a room here twice and the rooms are nothing like any of the other hotels. Plenty of space, clean, new, etc.The casino is spacious, and I've been there so many times, I know where all the tables are. I do have to say, they need more Pai Gow tables. And I wish they had a poker room, but I love playing craps and blackjack here. The dealers are funny and what's most important is that the cocktails come often and frequently.
5	I recently stayed at the Cosmopolitan and had the best experience ever! Our room was beautiful and had the a great view of the strip. We can see the Bellagio fountain right below our balcony. I had so much fun that I accidentally left my beloved $230 Tory Burch sandals behind. I was sure I would never see them again. When I called the lost and found, the housekeeping lady actually turned them in! I was so happy I wanted to tip her, but they didn't know who turned them in. I must say, thank you Cosmopolitan for providing top quality service and having a very reputable and honest staff.
1	The worst ever check in experience at this hotel. They want to charge $180 and $50 for early checkin. This establishment does not care about if you are marriot platinum member pr what not. Front desk is caos they dont even a standard response for common questions. Marriot member dont bother coming to this establishment because you will not be treated the same. All these guy care about is their small fees no regard to your loyalty to Marriot brand as staff told me they just work with marriot not real affiliation.
5	Came here in December, I booked a terrace suite fountain view room. My flight to Vegas got cancelled, and I went from an itinerary of arriving at 1pm to 10pm. Upon check in I was put in room 1533 of the west end tower. Exhausted from multiple airplane changes from Oakland to Ontario to Vegas, I was very happy to finally arrive in my room (bonus points for having ambient music playing). As far as price goes, I had very high expectations for this room considering I booked in low season and still spent around $1000 (maybe more) for the weekend stay. This room met those expectations and I cannot complain. This is quite possibly one of the nicest rooms I've ever stayed in. The bed was extremely comfortable (granted I only spent 6hrs on it the whole weekend) and the room size was superb (bar area, separate living room, 2 full bathrooms, and a balcony with a great view). We had a party of 10 people staying all over the strip and this room was the perfect spot for everyone to meet in. The seperate living room / open bar area gave plenty of space for everyone in our group to be seated and get comfortable. The tv's have auxiliary inputs so you can hook up your own music. Have a big party and need a place to meet? This is the room. Need a place to pregame without people feeling cramped? This is the room. Need a good night's sleep? C'mon, you're in Vegas, no one sleeps in this place. It's the little things that we take for granted that seperate this hotel from any other. From personalized key cards and tv greetings to auxiliary cords for your music. This hotel definitely knows what they're doing and I highly recommend this place. The Cosmopolitan epitomizes what Vegas is- whether you're here to party, gamble, escape, eat amazing food, or all of the above, this is it.
5	My second time to check in this hotel. But my first time to have a terrace room with city view and fountain view. This hotel is amazing. Everything here from the front to back is very well decorated, fancy , elegant and modern. The rooms are very clean and modern. They have a very good customer service. If you check in here, you don't want to go somewhere else anymore because they have everything here. They have the marquee club which is the most popular club in the strip. They have good restos here too. My favorite is the China poblano where China meets Mexico. Wow food is amazing and authentic. I am not going to wonder why this hotel is very expensive, because this hotel is worth more than five star. The designs on the wall, the bathroom, the furnitures, the little details, the bed, the ceiling, everything is just so perfect. Definitely this place really looks after their customers comfort and convenience. Whenever you check in here, you take pride of being here because this hotel holds so many things to be proud of and ideal place to stay if you want a very worthy and quality vacation here in LV. I will definitely come back here and definitely recommend this to the world. Kudos Cosmo!!!!
4	This trip to the cosmopolitan was for the kid Cudi concert at venue "the Chelsea". We had general admission tix for $75 which was the ground level, standing with the crowd.  My friend and I thought the crowd was shaking the ground from jumping but we think the ground level moves pumping up the crowd to jump even more!We checked out the theatre.seating level and it was a nice view so both admission areas were pleasant.  Would definitely recommend going to this venue for an event!
5	Whenever you walk into The Cosmopolitan, the stress of the world leaves you behind.  From the very modern look in the lobby, there is always a friendly and welcoming face that help you out.  The rooms are large with everything you would need, impeccably decorated, and always with amazing views.  the Views from our corner room from the 58th floor were just amazing of the Strip and the fountains at the BellagioThe concierge was amazing the set up our entire trip. (Eden)  Was great she set up everything from Dinner at STK, Helicopter flights, A show at MJ, The Gun Range, Dinner at Capos, fresh flowers in our room and Car service to and from anyplace we needed to go.The only down side to the entire trip was the Jack hammering all morning long from the demolition of the front hotel.
1	I went to Vegas with a few friends and family this year for my birthday. We booked two rooms for two nights at the cosmopolitan. After we checked in, our first impression of one of our rooms was awful. The shower head was completely missing in one of our rooms. There was a USED towel hanging on the shower door and the shower floor was dripping wet. We politely contacted the front desk to inform them of the situation. After about 90 minutes of being transferred to different managers, we almost considered checking into a different hotel for lack of service. Finally, we were given two new rooms, but unfortunately, they were no longer adjacent to one another. They were very far away from each other and it was not convenient. Worst of all, one of the new rooms we were given had BLOOD STAINS on the comforter. Completely unacceptable and disgusting!!!!! When we called to inform the manager, all they did was remove a room service charge. Really? For not meeting basic sanitation standards? It was the worst Vegas hotel room I've ever stayed in. I urge you not to stay at the cosmopolitan if you want to have a pleasant experience in vegas!
4	This is a great place to walk around. The casino has nice decorations and I don't smell the smoke at all. Weren't to check out the ice skate room on the 4th floor. Must check out!
5	I love Cosmo. Stylish upscale chic. My number one in Vegas. Rooms are great. Penthouses even greater. Bars fancy. People beautiful. Service most excellent. Marquee day night club. Not so much food selections though to eat at the hotel. Also rooms should all have bath tubs. Other than that I love cosmo.
5	This is Absolutely my Favorite Hotel to stay in Las Vegas!  Free Gorgeous Rooms, Free Upgrades, Decadent Gourmet Restaurants and Eateries and Beautiful Peeps who frequent.  I  The Cosmopolitan Hotel and  Casino!
4	Cosmo Skating Rink Review: This place is absolutely charming during winter! Ice Skating, S'mores, Hot Chocolate, Fire Pits, Cocktails and fake snow! Love it! Only FAIL was one worker at the skate booth with about 20 people in line and they were out of a lot of skate sizes.
3	This is a solid hotel and my second stay here because I had a great experience first time.  Now why did I give it 3 stars as oppose to a 4 or 5?Cosmopolitan opened around end of 2010, marketed as a fun hotel with just right amount of naughtiness, which of course drove the party and rowdy crowd there.  After 4 years opening there are obvious sign of wear from the shenanagins.  In my wraparound suite there were unknown dark spots on my sheets, wallpaper closed to the floor started to peel, nicks on the furnitures, and flat looking sofa cushion.  Not to mention dust bunnies on marble floor in the water closet and strands of hair on the shower tiles, cleaniess that should be associated at every 5 stars hotel.
4	When I go to Vegas with my friends as a group of kids most of whom are still freshly 21 years old, I love staying on the strip and wondering my way to the Cosmopolitan. Now unformulated I have to do Vegas on a budget and I can not stay here. We have to stay at the cheep hotels and make the trek, but the track is almost always worth it. The casino is so cool inside, with great eats like secret pizza. The games are new, and the staff is friendly. Marquee the night club is a personal favorite (even tho I never feel stylish enough to get in) because everyone here seems to be young and fashionable. They really make the vibe that they want work. Their drink service is absolutely my favorite. The portions are bigger, the pours are more generous, and everything tastes better. They do drinks right, and I am willing to play their games which do have a slightly higher minimum because their drink service is so good. It's really what keeps us coming back.
1	These elevators take you very high! I would like to congratulate cosmopolitan for having the best elevators in Vegas since they always smell of pot and grass and one would get high just by trying the elevators a few times. I was just there two nights ago for Marquee and damn, I couldn't walk straight after I got out of the elevator.This year I didn't stay there since my gf got really sick because of our rooms unsanitary conditions(pics posted)Since my complaint last year, due to our disastrous experience at Cosmo, Rico Ramirez from their damage control team contacted me and asked me to call him . After giving me a bunch of BS he promised refund but did not do anything.This hotel is the haven for punk hoodie kids and black gangsters. Just stay away from this dump!
4	Surprisingly, the accommodations are a little worn already. However, I love the casino area. Very nice!
3	Great looking Hotel.Very busy but conveniently located on The Strip.The Famous Buffet looks good but I haven't tried it yet.Lines were two long on Christmas Eve.The Burger Joint was Awesome. Highly recommended.
3	Stayed here for a week.Not as "new" as I expected. There are scratches on the wall. Some stains on the sheet. But overall it is ok (probably not acceptable for the sake of a five stars hotel) Let's start with some pros first:- huge balcony and fantastic view of the strip- big room with dividers (our room is the Terrace One Bedroom I believe). We put the kids in the living room, close the sliding door and it becomes a private bedroom! Nice choice- it has a Japanese tub where kids had lots of fun. You get to see the view of strip too while showering!!!- it has sink, dish washer, and microwave. Very convenient for people with kids- there are chinese channels in the room!- they provide q-tips and swabs (never seen these before)Now, some cons:- the "high tech" curtain. We spent 30min on the first night trying to figure out how to roll down the curtains in the shower!!!! You have to have some wisdom to do so. (By high tech I do not mean electronics. It's just the way you roll it down is "abnormal")- and then we spent another 30min trying to figure out how to turn off all the lights without shutting off the main switch in the room - we lived in the 63rd floor and when the cars drove by, it still sounded like it's next door. - the toilet was a pain. It is very nice but... It's in a closed room!!! It gives me claustrophobia seriously. And the door won't stay open so I ended up having hubby hold on to the door every time I'm in it. Weird- the fridge was a joke: you can't put anything in it. Once you touched the sensors you are charged for $7/drink. I tried to fit a water in it and I accidentally knocked out a whole roll. That was a catastrophe!But overall it is a nice place to stay. I see it more as a hotel version of the timeshare. Very family friendly.For the price of it, I think the inside can be a bit more clean!
5	I HAVE THE BEST BOYFRIEND IN THE ENTIRE WORLD for choosing Cosmo. My first time staying at the Cosmopolitan! I've always wanted to stay here since the hotel first opened! My amazing boyfriend booked us two nights here. From the moment of our visit everything was great! The staff here is properly trained, so friendly and very welcoming! They placed us in a Terrace Studio on the Eastside. God, I must say...I fell in love with the view. It is divine! The room layout was perfect and was so modern. Cosmopolitan exceeded my expectations and I couldn't be more happier with our visit.
5	My BF and I stayed at the Cosmopolitan last year in June for EDC. It was fantastic. the suite was comfortable, spacious, and clean. The bed, sheets, and pillows felt like heaven, especially after a whole night of dancing. The shower was huge! The hot tube was pretty small but still a nice amenity to have. The view was great and there was more sink space than other hotels have. Over all it was a great experience. I would love to stay there again.
5	This place is boss.I'll even forgive that my future kid will be drinking powdered milk instead of real milk because of this place.
5	Invited back again and this time we stayed for 3 nights Dec 24-26.  We do love this hotel!  It has been and continues to be our favorite place to stay on the strip.  Each interaction with the staff is a positive one.  Don't miss Secret Pizza!
2	Last December I stayed at the Wynn Encore. This December, the family & I stayed at the Cosmo for 4 days/3 nights. I definitely will be going back to the Encore next year. Why, you may ask? The Cosmo is way more conveniently located, right in the middle of the Strip. The Cosmo is "hipper", with a younger vibe. The hotel rooms here are beautifully appointed, and they have some AMAZING restaurants (we ate nearly every meal here. I'll be writing reviews shortly for Comme Ca, Holsteins, Jaleo, China Poblano, and the no-name pizza joint down the no-name hallway from Jaleo). One word explains why we won't stay at the Cosmo again, and why we won't recommend it to anyone: service. Or lack thereof. Here are our 3 examples, from most to least egregious.1. On day 3 of our trip, we left our room at 8:45am and took the "Do Not Disturb" sign off our door. We had a full morning and afternoon out, walking and sightseeing, returning to our room by 2pm to rest up for our dinner later. When we entered our room, we were shocked to see that house-keeping hadn't been there! We were gone for over 5 hours! our beds weren't made, towels were still strewn on the bathroom floor, no fresh towels with which to take a shower... Messy. You don't expect that from a classy hotel. I called the front desk, having to wait on hold for 5 minutes until a live person answered. I told the guy (who was pleasant enough) that housekeeping hadn't made up our room and this was not cool. He said he'd send someone right up, but I said no, we are all resting and I'm about to take a nap, and we had dinner reservations at 6pm, and could the housekeeper come then, when we're out? He said sure. The kids are sleeping, I undress to sleep (we're exhausted from all the walking we've been doing!), and hubby watches the Sunday football game on tv. In my reverie, in a deep sleep, I hear a faint knocking on a door nearby. Can't be our door, right? Then the housekeeper uses her key and WALKS IN OUR ROOM! I bolt upright from my nap, the kids awake, and hubby rushes to the door to cut her off at the pass. Talk about an invasion of privacy! (That'll teach us to always put the security bolt on the door). She tells hubby she was told to come to our room ASAP. What? Hubby says no, we need someone here at 6pm while we go to dinner. Anyhow, I go back to sleep and 15 minutes later, our phone shrilly rings by my bed. It's the front desk, asking why we sent the housekeeper away. WHAT? We go for dinner at 6pm, then walk outside some more, see the Bellaggio fountains and other stuff, return to our room at 9pm. The housekeeper is still there, working our room!!! WHAT???? OMG, this was a comedy of errors all around by management - except we sure weren't laughing.2. On this day, day 3 of our trip, there was a room service tray on a rolling stand outside a room across the hall from our room. It was piled high with dirty plates and glasses. It was there at 8:45am when we left our room, there when we returned at 2pm, there when we left for dinner at 5:45pm and there when we returned to our room for the night at 9pm. Capital-G-GROSS. There all day, dirty. (Doesn't that attract bugs?). This is the kind of attention to detail - or lack thereof - that the Cosmo epitomizes, in our minds.3. On day 1 of our trip, our flight arrived in LV early. We knew check-in at the hotel was at 3pm but we thought we'd try to see if a room was available. At the front desk at 9am, the guy said no, no room was ready but he can text me if one become available early, and he said he'd "expedite" the process. So nice, right? We walk outside for hours and hours, go for lunch (the lunch restaurant texted me when a table was available, so I know my phone was working fine). No texts from the Cosmo. We straggle back to the hotel at 2pm and were told at the front desk, oh, your room was ready a few hours ago, didn't you get the text? No, no text. She said "there must be a glitch in the system". Yes, there's a glitch all right. The glitch is in this hotel's attention to detail and care of its guests.
5	Beautiful Hotel!!!
5	This is by far my favorite hotel on the Las Vegas strip for a multitude of reasons. Their attention to detail is great, location superb. Where do I begin 1. Check in (this maybe the worst part of the stay) only because lines are usually long but having status has its benefits so the private check in for us folks makes this process quick and easy.2. Casino floor (just the right amount of size) it's not to big, not to small and as Goldye locks would say it's just right. Expect higher table minimums and as the night gets later or the weekend bigger don't expect a table less than 25/50. I mean you're at the Cosmo not circus circus 3. The rooms. The city rooms are the smallest of the rooms but a nice size but they don't have a balcony. If at all upgrade to a room with a terrace & view of the bellagio fountain. I've stayed in all rooms except the penthouse but had a nice time visiting it with new friends I met at the pool. (That's another review) but the rooms are nice, bed is plush n the bathroom nice. 4. The hotel amenities from shopping to clubs to restaurants. Everything you need is there. Now let me state everything in the cosmopolitan has an extra surcharge I guess to pay off the space or for the location so expect pricey drinks, price shops, pricey food but hey it's the cosmopolitan; if you wanted a cheap hotel you would go to downtown Vegas 5. The crowd is younger than the other 5 star hotels thank goodness but old enough to have some sense. It doesn't feel like a retirement home like the Trump or the Wynn but not young enough to attract the crowd from the D or NYNY. It's a great time
4	I LOVED my stay at the Cosmo. The room was great. We had a single room but there was a pull out couch so more people could comfortably stay in the room. The bathroom was spacious, clean, and stylish as well as large. There was a shower and spa as well as a toilet room so one person could get ready while the other used the facility. The hotel is home to the Chandelier bar, one of the best watering holes in Vegas. It was classy, sexy and fun. Marquee was also just steps away. The concierge got us on a list to Hakkasan no problem. Right next door to the Bellagio and across from Planet Hollywood so we walked to Britney easily. Room for improvement: The casino seemed to be the smokiest in all of Vegas which kept irritating my lungs/eyes. I much preferred the Wynn casino. The bellhop refused a tip from my friend when he delivered a pack of eye drops to her, and it wasn't to be nice, it was to imply her $2.50 tip for $6 dollar eye drops was insufficient. "It won't make a difference." And he left in a huff.
4	This updated review is for the hotel only, my previous angry rant for the casino still stands, this casino is still my least favorite casino in the strip.  The hotel on the other hand is fabulous.  We were lucky enough to be comped for a room in the west tower with the view facing bellagio and the bellagio fountain.  The view from the 57th floor was just spectacular! You can pretty much see the whole strip from Paris Eiffel Tower, the new linq Ferris wheel, the bellagio fountain show every 15 mins, even a glimpse of the mirage volcano show every half hour, all from your own open balcony.  It's really nice to hear the hum of the city below while you're relaxing on their patio chaise lounge.  If you're planning to stay for the hotel that's centrally located and nicely appointed, this hotel is a great choice.  Pay a little extra and upgrade to a room with a view of the bellagio side, I really think it's worth it!
1	We came to the Cosmo to celebrate my birthday. Dinner was excellent as well as the services at STK. In the near future, I hope that they install real ATMS because the card readers are terrible. I now understand why there dealers don't have name tags because you cannot file a formal complaint. For a city that's supports entertainment and hospitality services, some dealers HATE there job and just ruin the fun for everyone. Serious evaluation should be done on all dealers and should be ranked by the customers. If they hate there jobs then they should find work elsewhere. For the good dealers and pit bosses, you guys are awesome, but for those and you know who you are. QUIT your job cause you stink at it and are miserable and bring misery to the hands that feed you. Unfortunately what should have been a great evening was ruined by a few azzes who hate their jobs and should be terminated. For that my ranking from this experience should be no stars but YELP won't allow me to do it. The Cosmo doesn't deserve any stars, but STK 5+ stars.
5	Stayed here over the summer and am just now getting around to writing a review; better late than never!In short, this is one of the best hotels I've ever stayed at. Reasons:- The room is spacious and nice. The hotel has a modern, sexy vibe, and that carries over into the rooms as well. Perfectly place for a kid-less trip to Vegas with my wife.- The balcony. We got a lot of use out of that balcony. In the morning I was able to sit out there with my coffee and watch the sunrise, and at night, we were able to look over the edge and catch an aerial view of the MIA concert just below us.  - The facilities. Every place we went to (the chandelier bar, China Poblano, Scarpetta, etc.) were all fantastic.I would definitely recommend this if you need a nice place to stay in Vegas.
4	Definitely one of the prettiness properties on the Strip. The energy by the staff is simply amazing and the decor can be breath taking (especially at 2am when drunkenly leaving the club).  This place makes you feel like you are on a Vegas property, one that might be out of your price range, but keeps dragging you back for more cause it is just that awe inspiring. Check this place out!
3	Had a great time staying here right after I got married but when I went to my room to check in I entered in a room with people already in it which has never happened to me before. The hotel really booked me in a suite that already had customers still in it. I specifically booked that suite to enjoy a pre honeymoon weekend with my husband. They ended up changing our room to another suite (not the same one as booked) which was ok but I still wanted to be booked in the room with the jacuzzi. The hotel is beautiful and the food was good so I think they just need a better check in system because it took them FOREVER to figure out the situation once we told them the room they gave us was already occupied. Shouldn't take 30 minutes to decide what to do.
4	This is a review for the ice skating rink located on the 4th floor.My boyfriend and I were lucky to get free tickets on their last day. When we got there, there wasn't a small line. The line took a bit of time because everyone was on the tablet(3) set on the side for people to sign wavier forms. Each adult must fill out a form. A minor can be attached to an adult's form (I think, I didn't have a minor so I didn't do this part). After filling out the form, which took less than a minute, there is another person who is holding onto a tablet with the wavier forms. He'll ask to see your ID to verify and you receive a wonderful stamp of an ice skate. After this step you pay for the skates (on the receipt it said $10 per person) You need the receipt to show the next booth to get the skates. The skates run in men sizes.WARNING: Do not, I repeat, do not take off your shoes first. I made the mistake of taking my shoes off before finding a place to sit and put on my ice skates. Let's just say I had one sock that got wet and I hopped to find a seat. It was FREEZING cold, but you can easily get warm with varies of heater around.As this was my first time ice skating, I wish I had more room to practice skating. It was very cramped and it didn't help my nerves when people were skating out of control. It was embarrassing but I'll admit it. I use the plastic animal seal they have for beginner skaters. I mostly saw kids with these or parents with their kids. I was more embarrassed in the beginning but I was having way to much fun towards the end to even care. MY SO asked if I wanted to sit on the seal, which you can to be pushed around. I was already embarrassed using it. I didn't need to bring it to a whole new level.We had to stop half way in because they had to redo the ice, which took almost half an hour or so. It started to get cold after this because we were only sitting around waiting. The wait felt like forever. I was tempted to just leave but I was just getting used to the skates so I decided to stick to it and wait. We did two more laps and left because it was getting awfully crowded.This is a great place to take for a date, maybe a small family. Since it can get crowded, don't expect to be skating fast. The rink is only the size of a swimming pool and not a large one either.I would probably do it again and maybe go early so there is less people skating.
3	**Quick update 1/6/15**Just wanted to acknowledge that I received a phone call and an email from a Customer Service member of the Cosmo, following up on my Yelp review here, apologizing for my family's experience at their hotel and seeing what they could do to "make it right". I really appreciate the fact that they read their reviews on this site and they try to learn from their customers' experiences and improve. That says a lot. I respect any business that owns up to shortcomings and uses that feedback as a springboard for improvement. Kudos to them! As a result of this call, my husband and I may give them another chance, if we can get back to Vegas this year.....
5	simply the best hotel in Vegas from the location on the strip, to the decor to the dinning & gambling truly an experience. absolutely love this casino/hotel
