4	Little on the expensive side, but I found a coupon in the I (heart) Las Vegas magazines you pick up at information counters for 5 off so it ended up being something like $33/person for dinner.  It's all you can eat, which means you stuff yourself to your throat, but they had a good selection of meats, nice environment, and a decent salad bar.  I would go back there again!Make sure you look for coupons.  Or you can even buy a dinner ticket at the Tix42Nite places by the CocaCola building.
1	over-priced and gross. "medium rare" ribeye steak came out looking like the burned & dried out sole of a shoe.they get some bonus points for honesty. when i ordered a margarita, the waitress advised against it. "they're not good. our sour mix is really bad" wow. stay away from this place. there are so many better options elsewhere.also, the salad bar was more of a slop bar. all the "salad" choices were drowning in sloppy oil. and guess what? THERE WAS NO LETTUCE AVAILABLE. what the f?
4	A little pricey, but yummy meat brought right to your table!  Very nice.  We did the buffet.  6 and under are FREE and other kids are half. Salad bar was very good as well.Again, it is pricey (About $40/person) but if you buy the 1/2 ticket at one of the booths on the strip, it is definitely worth it.
3	If you've had the opportunity to do the Brazilian BBQ-thing elsewhere, then this one is bound to disappoint.   Located in the Miracle Mile Malls in the new Planet Hollywood Casino (formerly the Aladdin).  The selection at the salad/extras bar was nothing to write about...so I won't.  The meat came out sparsely with huge gaps of nothing and the meat quality was so-so (a lot of it was fatty).    Sangria was a little bland.  Service was okay.
3	Place is good! If you are a carnivore, you will love this place! Certain meats were not my favorite, but the price was not bad and I was able to eat as much as I wanted. Friendly staff and a good place to eat in Vegas!
1	Sorry excuse for a churrascaria. Too few servers walking aound with overcooked or undercooked meets regularly re-cooked and re-served. They always circulated from front to back and thus always ran out by the time they got to my table. Feeling guilty, they would then ungracefully hack off an overly large piece which would inevitably be burnt grizzle on the outside and bleeding raw on the inside.  Salad bar above average. Definitely not on a par with Brazilian steakhouses found elsewhere.Update: You know they are really in trouble when they've touted plans to open in Palo Alto, CA in the Fall of '07 with even the manager of the Las Vegas locale had no information and its already January with no further information forthcoming.
3	I think I enjoyed the whole experience of a Brazilian grill more than the actual food itself.  Doesn't make sense, I know...but I liked that the servers brought out huge cuts of meat on these giant spears and sliced it right at your table, and there wasn't too much time inbetween meats.  There was also a big selection of hot side dishes and cold salads to choose from at the salad bar buffet.  The downside  was that the hot sides weren't so hot and the cold salads were about the same temp.  I liked the beans, rice, and the yummy parmesan-crusted moist and flakey rolls (which managed to stay warm).  Those were the only memorable sides.  The memorable meats were the pork loin, moist and well-seasoned, although a bit too salty, the turkey sausage, thick and juicy, the spicy chicken, crisp on the outside, moist inside, the roast beef (deliciously tender) , and the lamb, though not that tender had great flavor.  And the grilled pineapple was the bomb.  That night we had efficient and friendly service.  Of all the choices you have in Vegas, this is a pretty decent one if you get the discount price from the "1/2 price ticket booth".  It's a great deal...you pay the ticket booth a $3pp fee, they make the reservations for you (definitely recommended) and give you a voucher for $19.99pp.  The all-u-can-eat meats and salad bar is regularly $36.99pp.  My total bill, including a glass of wine, tax & tip, was $35.  Not bad for a nice restaurant on the Strip.
4	I am ponying up 4 stars mostly because I LOVE churrascarias.. This one was not as good as Fogo de Chao, but it was good.  The service was a bit too slow as there were many times we had the "green light" on, but no one came over.. At Fogo you get attacked with servers when the green light is on.  We waited at the bar and ordered a coke before we got a table.. The bartender insisted that we pay our bar tab before we could be seated.. kinda annoying. but once the food arrived i was happy.  Price was $36 for all you can eat Brazilian bbq and salad bar and for Vegas that is pretty good.  Restaurant on the strip aren't cheap so I highly recommend this place..  One strange thing was this enormous fake wine bottle that had the wine menu on it. Not sure what the point of that.. It takes up half the table when it sits there.  Overall, go there.
4	It's located in miracle mile shop connected to planet hollywood hotel.I have been to other churrascarias restaurants. they are all similar. server will bring you meat on the skews, and you decide how many slices you want. I like their chicken and pork most, chicken spices are special and pork tastes sweet.I like ham least. At the bottom of ham is pineapple, I like that with other meat.All you can meat and salad made me have food coma in the end.BTW, their coke is $2.5. Most expensive coke I ever ordered.
3	I've had better experiences at other churrascarias. the pork tenderloin and ham-and-pineapple selections were the only highlights.
3	This was a pretty good dining experience, I guess. The food was flavorful and plentiful and fresh. I especially liked the vegetable and salad buffet. The meats were good as well. The meats just kept on coming!I did not like that this restaurant was overpriced. I am the last person to complain about pricing as money is not an issue, but this place was too expensive for its own good. The food is good, but not exceptional and the service is lacking. The deserts were not good, just generic and nothing ethnic or special at all. Servers were very condescending, seeing how I am in my mid 20's and was dressed causally, and they automatically assumed that I don't have the funds available...which is far from the truth. You can definitely notice the 3 piece suits were served with a lot different approach than our "youthful" table. There were also quite a few mess-ups with the bill at the end. I won't be returning this place any time soon.
3	Believe it or not, it was my first Brazilian bbq experience.  We had a whole room to ourselves for awhile on New Years Eve and it wasn't bad.  Honestly it was overpriced.  $60 (with a coupon) per person?  Is that normal?  oh well, maybe I'm just cheap.  the meat was ok.  Pork was too dry though.  I think we tried filet mignon which was good, chicken was ok and so was the lamb.  but oh the pineapple... it was delicious.  you mean i paid $60 to eat a freakin whole pineapple?  yeah.  and that was worth it.  The staff was friendly and pretty comical.  Whenever we didn't want a certain meat, the server was like, what?  you don't like my meat?  fine.    I don't think I'd come back because of the price.  I'd rather eat somewhere else, but it was good enough for me.
5	So I've been to two other churrascarias  in Las Vegas before visiting Pampas:  Yollie's and Rum Jungle.  Yollie's was OK, but a bit crowded, and Rum Jungle didn't have much of a selection, and they were damn slow.We got seated "outside" since it was crowded inside the restaurant, but once we flipped the coin to "green", these guys were non-stop at our table, that we actually had to flip to "red" a few times.  The food was really good, both at the salad bar, and the meat on swords.  My only disappointment was that there were no chicken hearts, but otherwise, it was perfect.The waitress was very responsive to us despite the fact that we were the only party seated outside, and overall, I think the service at this place was excellent.
1	A carnivore's nightmare!Perhaps my tastebuds have gotten picky as I've gotten older, but this place was a downer.  I wasn't expecting imported steak or aged meats, but for a Brazilian churrascaria, I'd like some flavor (if you meats don't cut it) please.We came here the day prior to Ash Wednesday.  For all of you non-Catholics, you may be more familiar with other terms this day goes by, like "Fat Tuesday and Mardi Gras" or "Carnival."  So, prior to our 40-days of abstinence, we were expecting a real meal.This place did not deliver.  Even with the 40% discount that http://www.tix4tonight.com/ provided, $22 for all-you-can-eat (discounted from $36) plus $15 average drinks is not a deal at all.  Nope, I'm not kidding about $15 cocktails.  And, nope, it's not in a bigger glass.  It comes in your regular, everyday lowball.  I've clubbed in Vegas, LA, NYC, London, etc., $15 is a  total rip-off.  I would have been better off sitting on a slot machine on the casino floor with my $15 (and served a free double shot of whiskey and d.coke) and had a better time.  And, to add to the hysteria, if you opt for wine, they give you this big silly, plastic wine bottle to order off of.As we all know, every true churrascaria will pass on the chicken and all the other filler crap that they try to feed you in the beginning.  So, I could not honestly critique those items.  However, all the (should have been) good stuff (i.e. beef and lamb) was medium to done because of all the re-cooking.  This was not at all pleasing to me, as I prefer medium-rare for these meats.  The petite fillet was fair, in flavoring and in seasoning.  However, the lamb was not fresh and you could taste it.  The pork was on the dry side.  And, I could have used a little more blood on my ribeye.With that, I couldn't begin to imagine paying full price.  But if you must experience it, check out tix4tonight.com before you go.  The closest one to the restaurant is at the Hawaiian Marketplace, in front of Polo Towers.
3	I'd give this place an additional star if it weren't for its overpriced buffet. The first time I came here I was not happy about the prices, but loved the food so much that I set money aside for a second visit because I wanted to have that experience again: savory food, comfortable furniture, warm cozy lighting, very friendly staff.  My favorite buffet choice is feijoada with rice- YUM. I save most of my stomach for that!  As far as the meats that keep coming around, I enjoy the chicken and lamb choices the most, but I'm not a big meat eater. My friends assure me that all the meats are great, and so is the roasted pineapple.  I'll be back!
4	I was so happy that they had Brazilian in Las Vegas. I was first introduced to this down south in San Diego. To my delight, this was not just another run of the mill Las Vegas buffet, or fast food hangover joint. High quality meats served piping hot right off the sword. Salad bar offered some good things, but I am a carnivore, so keep it comin! When I need some good food in Vegas, I make it a point to stop here.
4	Great price! Great food! Great atmosphere!So, we set out to find breakfast, but since we (as most folks visiting vegas do) had woken up quite late, we ended up roaming into this Brazilian buffet. We were pretty early for lunch, so the place was pretty empty, but that didn't stop the food from making its way to our table.The sides at the walk up buffet were pretty diverse, everything from capreze salad to falafels. The olives and feta were fantastic! If there was anything missing, it was mashed potatoes.The meats were equally good. I wasn't a fan of the not-spicy chicken, but the ham served with pineapple was great and the big slices of beef were yummy as well. If you have never been to a Brazillian buffet, be warned, their stuff is always extremely salty. I think this is just the style they make it in. It will taste very different from the slab-o-prime-rib at the buffet down the walkway.Best part? Never ending food for under $15 per person! This was definitely the cheapest buffet we hit up in Vegas and it was quite good. So, great value, good food, go in the afternoon when it's super cheap and not very busy.
1	I truly hate to be one of those downers who is writing about their bad experience, instead of the food. But after my recent experience there, I am compelled to write. Sorry for those of you who are only interested in the food. My only regret is we didn't have as good a time as we expected.More than 15 friends and I all traveled to Las Vegas to celebrate a friend's birthday on May 24. One of the places the birthday girl was excited to eat at was Pampas. She made reservations and everything was set. So we all get there and they kindly accommodate our very large party (20). Everything is going well, the food is not too bad, but before the waiter leaves, the birthday girl asks if he could separate our checks. Sure, he says. Later, she asks him again. Same response. We get our check (which totaled more than $1,000), and they tell us they can't separate the check. The birthday girl asks to speak to a manager. When it came time to confront the waiter about the whole separate checks issue, he calmly says "No, she didn't." So, when we ask the manager to rectify the matter, she says their policy is to charge 15% extra to do so if there are more than three cards being charged. That's an extra $150 just so they could charge us separately -- AFTER we asked them more than once to separate the check. Before this, there was never any mention of any charge. The manager was quite unforgiving and rude. Once we decided to simply put the whole amount on another friend's card, she nonchalantly asks, "Would you like dessert?" It wasn't free, by the way.I'd just like to say thanks, Pampas staff, for ruining what would have been an otherwise pleasurable birthday celebration.We didn't even receive the red/green stick indicating when we'd like our food. Not even 30 seconds passed from the time we sat down with our buffet plates to the time the meat came out. It gave us a feeling of being rushed -- before we were even given the chance to START eating.As for the food, it was not too shabby. The filet mignon, though, was bland and dry, even though it was quite pink in the middle. Which shouts, "I've been lying around for a while!" It definitely wasn't terrible, but not worth traveling from four different states and $1,000 just to be treated rudely. I'd suggest any of the other thousands of other places to eat in Las Vegas that truly understand what customer service is all about. Very, VERY disappointing.UPDATE: We received an apology from their corporate offices. My friend was even offered a gift certificate for her troubles.
1	I had experience Brazilian Bar B Q before in SF. And i know what to expect already from it. My buddy decided to go there on a Sunday night for dinner. What the hell, i said. Bring on the never ending meat and the mediocre salad/ pasta bar.Price : $19.99 for all you can eat salad bar             $38.99 for all you can meat  and salad bar             $54.99 for all you can eat meat, seafood and salad barFood : Filet mignon .yum, salty as always             Sirlion. Bland and salty             Pineapple and Ham. sweet and tasty on both             Pork. very flavorful and salty             To sum it up,, they have this little wood cylinder that is color coded on both end. Red means to stop all incoming food and Green is for all you can eat meat at the slowest pace on the planet. If you want all you can eat, than hit up the Wynn. Atleast you can eat the main course whenever you want.Service is slow and I would not recommed coming here for that steep price.No desert due to slow service. Oh by the way.. 4 people came out to be 166.98. for 10 lbs of salt in my body. Wow. I am glad I had the chance to walk it off. Like it really mattter.
3	Found out about this place from the people selling half-price show tickets at the Coke Factory thing. The half-price show ticket place also sells tickets to this place for a discount. Most of the customers here were from that place. The concept is great. Serve lots of BBQ'ed meats on large swords to hungry guests. However, the execution of this idea was very poor. Most of the meat that came out was very dry and almost burnt. Luckily the wait staff was very helpful and willing to bring us some "medium-rare" meats. The "medium-rare" was really medium, which was tolerable compared to the hard black rocks they were bringing out earlier. The best meats of the night were the lamb, and the parmesan filet mignon. Based solely on the food, this would be a 2 star place, but because they were so nice in bringing out rarer meats and keeping the food coming, they get 1 more star. a weak 3 stars.
3	Ok. We went to tix4tonight to buy tickets so we could come here for lunch. The lunch is $11.99 + $3 tixfortonight service fee. So the total comes to about $36 for 2.  The salad bar was actually quite good and fresh. However, the meat is way below average. The variety is little and some of the chicken and pork weren't even cooked. I was worried that they use the same knife which cut the half cooked pork.  The value isn't bad. But food wasn't great. Overall, I probably won't come here again while it was still a decent experience.For lunch there were only these servedsausage, chicken, prime rib?, pork, pineapple and ham, bacon.
3	The main reason I'm not giving this 2 stars is that the salad bar was pretty good and had a decent amount of variety.Now on to the sucky part:Bad Meat all around. Too dry or not flavorful enough. We ordered the 10 course (iirc) meat dinner and maybe 1 or 2 were actually good.For the quality of food, this place is a little pricy even for Vegas (at least the dinners are). I can understand if the negatives are small things like ambiance or maybe the service. But when the food itself isn't that good then you've got a problem. I'm by no means an expert when it comes to Brazilian food, but I've had much much better.Horrible coconut mojitos
3	No as good as Cleo's in San Bruno, CA - and the salad bar is nothing to rave about, but I've done the tickets for tonight thing, and gotten a decent deal for dinner here.It's fun - it's not  the best thing ever - but it's fun, and I'm a huge meat eater if I know I have a night of drinking ahead of me - so its an excellent place, if you need that same prospective.The service was friendly - I will give them that. If others want to go on my next trip down in 2 weeks, I'm game.  mmmmm beef.  lamb. pork.  meat..
4	Still not as good as Cleo's in San Bruno, but (and maybe I was more drunk this time) a great place to have dinner.  Came with a really good friend on my trip down to LV last week.We ate, and ate and oh god, we ate more.  The meat just kept coming.  I don't think I've ever eatten that much lamb in one sitting.Wine list is reasonable (for LV) and fun, with lots of fun choices.  I would totally come back again if in the area.  Still if you are in the bay area, go check out cleo's
2	Came here because of some family from Chicago who wanted to eat Brazilian food...The first thing I have to say is that the service here sucks....Didn't give us water until 15-20 minutes after we ordered from two different waiters....Didnt get my dressing on the side.....Never was checked on at all during my meal....I ordered the lunch salmon sandwich which had some roasted onions, tomoatoes, and cheese on a hoagie type roll, a side of a caesar salad (which tasted like crap!), and a small slice of watermelon for dessert.Just horrible....
3	meat!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	I had high expectations of this place considering my first Brazilian BBQ experience was with Espetus Churrascaria in San Francisco.  Pampas came very close to meeting those expectations.The food here was really good.  Out table, including myself, ordered a combination style dinner that included meat and seafood.  I was under the impression places like this only specialized in meat, so the seafood was a delightful surprise and a nice contrast to red, bloody and savory meat.  My favorite items on the menu: Picanha (served nearly rare), Louisiana sausage, Herb Chicken, Scallops wrapped in bacon, fried cod, and grilled pineapple.  Surprisingly, they didn't have any chicken hearts (a popular item among my friends).  Our waiter explained that it was a menu item they used to carry, but scared a lot of people so it was taken off the menu.  The salad bar options were larger than expected, they had a good variety of veggies and pastas to choose from.  I particularly liked the fried mashed potatoes and fried bread.  The sea food plate was awesome. It's delivered to the table as it's cooked, that way you don't get seafood that's been sitting under a hot lamp.We were seated promptly from our reservation time. The place is setup nicely, with quasi private areas for large parties.  The area we sat in could easily host a party of more than 20 people.  Our waiter was very friendly and personable.Once we were seated, a barrage of waiters came out to deliver our food, one just as quick as the other.  As we got halfway through our dinner, things began to slow down, the waiters approached us more infrequently.  But by this time, I was already full out of my mind so I didn't care much.  I think it was apparent my stomach was waving the white flag of defeat.The only thing I didn't like was the lack of selection when it came to their BBQ options.  There was still plenty to choose from, but not as much as I expected having gone to other Brazilian BBQ's restaurants.  As far as price goes, be sure to have a wallet to match your appetite.  This place is not for penny pincher's.  Overall, I really enjoyed this place.  I would definitely revisit Pampas the next time I'm in town.
3	Came here for a family friend's mini reunion. We had about a group of 20 with us. Service was good. Our waiter made sure we were all taken care of. Loooooots of meat to choose from. A group of servers bring it by on long shish kabob sticks and slice the meat over your plate. In the process I discovered a new heart attack method: turkey wrapped in bacon. Yumm! I can't say I'll be running back to Pampas any time soon. But it was an interesting (and pricey) experience.
1	If I could give 0 starts I would. I am brazilian and I have very high standards when it comes to Churrascarias. But this one is a JOKE!!!!!!!!!I was very excited to find a Pampas in Vegas because Pampas is a franchise from Brazil. So i thought... Yay authentic brazilian bbq? Hell yeah! I went with my bf at the time and I was very excited to take him there and show him what real brazilian bbq was all about. BIG MISTAKE!The service was HORRIBLE! The waiter didn't ask us what we wanted to drink at all. we sat there for about 45 mins before anyone even came to say hi. The green and red system obviously does not work there because we were starving and anxiously waiting for the waiters carrying juicy meet only to realize that they were serving EVERYONE around us but skipping us!  (YES THE GREEN SIDE WAS UP)They don't have a good variety, the meat was hard to swallow and it was nothing like the franchises in Brazil!To top it all off, I was dissappointed with the meal but i insisted on dessert because I really wanted my passionfruit mousse! ( I miss this a lot and eat lost of it when I go to Brazil)The mousse was so sour I could not eat it without making a face! Worst mousse ever!If you are ever in Vegas, MacDonald's is a better choice than this place!
3	First meal when I arrived to LV last weekend.  I knew of the one in PA and had always wanted to try it.  I didn't even know of this location until I entered the Miracle Mile shops inside Planet Hollywood.  I was primed and ready to go on the meat-fest extravaganza.  $39 for the meat only and $50 for the meat and seafood, both of which included cold salad bar visits.  Feeling adventurous, I super-sized to include the seafood, just out of curiosity.The salad bar was OK, they had some cold and hot vegetable dishes as well as smoked salmon and salad stuff.  Once the food started arriving, I made sure only to try one piece of each meat and no more.  Unfortunately, when eating that much meat, I realized that it was hard to appreciate and taste them individually flavor wise.  In the interest of saving your stomach, I recommend you avoid the brazilian sausage which came out dry, the lamb which tasted a little too game-ish, and the turkey wrapped in bacon, wasn't too impressive.  The seafood consisted of scallops wrapped in bacon, grilled salmon, tempura battered cod, and shrimps with a butter sauce.  The salamon was dry and the cod's flavor was masked by the deep frying.  I'd only recommend the shrimp out of all the four and better to order them as a skewer than doing the rodizio.Make sure not to order the coconaut mojito on their cocktail menu.  Coconaut and mint don't go together despite what our server enthusiastic words.  I had the red wine sangria which was okay...it wasn't as fruity as I have had before in Spanish tapas restaurants.Average cost per diner for dinner is $70.  I'm glad I got to try this once and this place is worth at least a try but I can't imagine coming here regularly.  But if you want to avoid not feeling nine months pregnant afterwards, I highly suggest restraint and small bites throughout the meal.
3	We were craving some Brazilian food and because we were in unfamiliar territory (Las Vegas, NV) we turned to good old Yelp for some options. This place didn't have the greatest reviews but we decided to give it a go anyways..::Overall::.Seafood dinner (includes: shrimp, bacon wrap scallops, battered fish and grilled salmon) - Shrimp - good - scallops - ok (bacon was chewy) - battered fish - good - grilled salmon - bad (very dry no flavor) Lamb - goodFilet Mignon in Parmesan cheese - not so good (over cooked in my taste)Smoked Salmon w/capers - very goodPasta salad - very goodTomato/Mozzarella & Basil - Very good.::Recommendation???::.I don't know if we caught them on bad night or what. I seemed to prefer the dishes on the salad/appetizer station better than the seafood and meat that I was served. It's a nice restaurant but IMO Espetus in SF had better meat & seafood.
2	Yeah it's shame too.The first time i came here i got a deal through the ticket discounts.I loved the salad bar. And it's been clean everytime i've been.There just isn't much. BUT for good reason. There is a lot of meat coming your way.The filet mignon is good. But now they add parmeson which makes me thirsty. The trip tip is the best. The Streak Strip is good.The Ham and pineapple isn't badThe lamb is a toss up. Sometimes it's good. Sometimes they over do it.the brazillian speciality drink ( i can't spell it nor pronounce it!) I can't stand anymore. But a regulaur sex on the beach or rum and coke it usually. But pricey. We're talking 8-10 dollars or more. THe atmosphre is nice. And occasionally there are some really good servers.I know there are  a lot of bad reviews here. But there are people who come here almost on a weekly basis. So I'd say overall it's a gamble. They should really up their game. Oh and skip the dessert. Not really good here.
3	Our waiter was really nice, and the place was clean.Salad bar had a great selection without being overbearing.  And the choices were delicious.As far as the food on the swords, I wasn't impressed.  Compared to other Brazilian spots I've been too, there just wasn't a great variety of selection.  The tri-tip was the best one.  The filet mignon was dry and the parmesan crust was AWFUL.  Filet should melt in your mouth.  I knawed until my jaw hurt, and that was only after I spent several minutes cutting through it.All of the poultry was salty.  The turkey wrapped bacon did nothing for the taste of the meat but make it too salty.  The seafood was decent, but I've definitely had better.My favorite thing was the ham and pineapple, but only because the pineapple was so good.It definitely wasn't worth the money we spent.  My one major gripe was the time between the meat presentations.  I felt like we were kept waiting so that our appetites would catch up to our digestion.  I guess that's one way to keep up profits.
2	If I had never been to a Brazilian steakhouse before, I would have still thought the service a bit slow.  However, having been to Fogo de Chao and a couple of others like it in Atlanta, I know how good it can be and this doesn't measure up.  If you are paying big money on the strip you should match or outdo anything in Atlanta, so to see this fall short is really disappointing.  Someone in Vegas set this thing up and is just going through the motions.
4	Yummers! We got discounted vouchers at the Tickets 4 Less counters on the strip. Paid $3 to get the discounted price of $24.95 instead of the regular price of $41. The guy at the ticket counter said they sell the most vouchers for Pampas than all their shows combined. Good deal. The dinner was all you can eat of 10 meats. I have to say, my favorite was the roasted herb chicken. Some of the meat was a bit dry and tough to chew through, but I was pretty satisfied with the different flavors. There are some other brazilian bbq places where the meats just all start tasting the same. Another favorite was the bacon wrapped turkey. The turkey was really moist, but I think that's because it was processed. They came out in cubes on those long sticks. If I remember correctly, there were two types of filet mignon. I remember liking the one that wasn't with parmesan .The service here was excellent. We brought our own wine. When we called, they said the corkage fee was $15, but it turned out to be $10. Our waiter and also a manager kept checking in on us and taking away our plates. Additionally, there was a separate buffet with lots of salad choices. I liked the pineapple salad, kale, and the fried bananas. Yummers again!
2	FAIL!I've been to a couple different Brazilian churrascaria's before and this was probably the worst that I've had.  I expect more from Vegas.  Perhaps it was that we were having a late lunch and were in between their lunch and dinner meats, but this assumption still doesn't make up for the poor tasting food, horrible service, and price.Atmosphere:The restaurant itself looks great and has a nice ambiance.  The bar has several drink selections to choose from as well as you wait.  The restaurant is hidden between a couple others within the Miracle Mile shops located in Planet Hollywood, and to me can stay hidden.Food:We had a party of 4.  3 had the meat plates and I had the mix plate of both meat and seafood.  I was in the mood for some good surf and turf!  Unfortunately, I was very disappointed.As with most typical Brazilian churascarias an all you can eat buffet style bar was available for salads, side dishes, and appetizers.  The selection was not too bad with some pasta salad, rice, beans, and even fried banana.  This banana was probably my favorite treat of the meal.The meat I found to be very dry.  We sampled all the meats from the filet to the sausage and none of them blew my mind or were exceptionally good.  The filet mignon was the best one by far and was not a great as most steak houses.The seafood comes all at 1 time with 3 bacon-wrapped scallops, 3 grilled shrimps, a piece of salmon, and a piece of fried fish.  You have to specifically ask for more of the seafood from your waitress, but more on that later.  The flavors were ok for the salmon, scallops, and shrimp.  Just not phenomenal.Service:We were greeted upon entering with a smile and that's always a plus.  We were then offered a tour of the kitchen.  Sure why not...the tour is nothing to jump at as you take a few steps through a small corridor into the kitchen and see all the meats cooking above a vat of fatty grease.  This alone should of killed my appetite, but then again I'll pretty much eat anything at anytime.  I guess they wanted to show how cool the cooking process was???  Or maybe they want you to be grossed out so you don't eat as much?Here is the biggest gripe the service from the waitress.  She took forever to just take our orders.  The food then took even longer to come out.  I thought that meat would come and go until we had to "tap out" due to over consumption.  No it came every few minutes or so as my belly filled with side dishes.  We specifically requested the filet mignon on 3 separate occasions and it seemed to come out just as the check came out...I'm on to your cost savings plan!Price:We were given the lunch menu as we sat a little before 3PM and the plates are slightly cheaper than the dinner menu.  But of course when the bill came we were charged the dinner prices.  We quickly mentioned it to the waitress that gave us slight attitude before changing the prices back.Lunch price is fair.Such high expectations and such a let down...
3	Best fried bananas I've ever experienced.As far as a "meat buffet", the sirloin steak was good, but oversalted. The lamb was decent, but there was no mint jelly to be found.  The herb chicken was the best meat on the menu, IMHO.Do yourself a favor and buy the discounted meal voucher at the Tickets 4 Less counter (cost $3) for a $23.95 adult meal price.
4	Pampas, presumably named after the Pampa region of Brazil, was a perfectly acceptable choice for a pre-show meal, recommended to us by the folks at Tix 4 Tonight. (See the other Yelp reviews to explain the discount.) Having arrived more than thirty minutes late due to a logistics problem* our party was concerned that we would not have enough time to eat or worse, lose our reservation completely. Upon arrival we were assured by the friendly hostesses that we could be fed and on our way in under an hour. Casting furtive glances at one another, our party of five decided to take a chance and be seated.I'm glad we did so.Our waitress, Michelle, did an extraordinary job of corralling a tireless squadron of saber-rattling picanha peddlers (passadores) who were all too willing to slice you off another portion of their allotted meat assignment (rodizio). Every few minutes, a wave of sizzling meat arrived tableside just begging that we claw at it with our individually administered "meat tongs". Those looking to capitalize on the premium offerings are advised to skip the chicken and turkey wrapped bacon and double up on the pinchana, pineapple ham and Brazilian sausage.Also worth mentioning was the side bar that came with the Rodizio specials. Highlights include the spicy black beans and sausage, the caprese (wish it had fresh basil instead of dried) and the fried bananas.I don't recommend going for the Surf and Turf Rodizio, however. An apparent afterthought, the strangely presented fish (platter/tile/metal sheet?) was ice cold, tasteless and uninviting. A shame really as I was totally looking forward to the bacon wrapped scallops. After making a mention of this to our server she was deeply apologetic and took it off our bill.Overall the meal was of three star quality, but garners a fourth star overall because of the impeccable service we received. Thanks to hostess' ability to seat us within five minute (despite completely missing our reservation) and Michelle's vigilant watch over our table, we were not only able to enjoy a large meal in under an hour, but also had enough time to have dessert. I myself enjoyed rich cappuccino while a friend enjoyed the flan.* Top Tip: If you're arriving here by taxi, do not tell your driver to simply drop you off at Planet Hollywood. Doing so will result in you having to traverse a near half mile length of casino floor rooms AND almost the entire stretch of Miracle Mile Shops. Instead I recommend trying to find a way to be let off closer to the end of the mall. Your lady friends in heels will most assuredly be thankful.
4	We went for lunch when the prices must be less than dinner.  It was only 18.99 for the Meat and Salad Bar option.  And it sounds like the food is the same, so I would try to work it for lunch if you can.  The salad bar is nice with some meats, cheeses, salads, rice, black beans, fried plantains, meatballs, and kale.  The grilled options were quite succulent and delicious.  Favorites were the bacon-wrapped turkey, sirloin, pork tenderloin, and grilled pineapple (okay, that is not a meat but it was delicious).  Every skewer of meat had a wonderful caramelization on the outside and flavorful juiciness inside.  Yea!  I knew that this place would not be as wonderful as Fogo De Chao, but I would still place it right up there.
3	I'm not very big on these all meat buffets, but the guy (1/2 price tickets) told us it worth it. The service was good with people carrying skewers full of meat walking around asking you "Would you like garlic filet mignon, beef tenderloin, bacon wrapped turkey, pineapple, and etc!" It was all a bit over whelming! Don't get me wrong, the food was good but just too much to my liking! Definately ALOT better then what we have at home with Ipanema!
5	Visting Vegas from San Diego, you really dont expect to eat anything but casino buffets during your visit. Fortunately, me and my buddies happened to run into Pampas on the way to one of the buffets. There was a hotess outside, later on I found out she was the manager, Michele Riordan. She was super friendly and even offered to give us a tour of the restaurant before we decide if we wanted to eat there or not. After the tour, we were nothing but convinced! All you can eat meat and seafood. The salad bar was fresh and food was excellent! We went during lunch, so it wasn't to busy. Our waiter was very friendly and helpful. He made sure our drinks were re-filled and plenty of food stayed on our table. Sidenote: Its making my mouth water just writing this review! =P. lolMy favorite item, had to be the scallops wrapped in bacon! Overall, if you're looking for a nice place to eat and you're a meat eater and especially a seafood lover, this place would be perfect for you spend your buffet money on this place! And if your counting calories don't even waste your time here.         The food was YUMMY! Can't wait to go back!
4	When you go to Vegas, it's always good to gorge yourself just once, why not here at Pampas? Brazilian Grille with endless kinds of meats and a small but eclectic salad bar to choose from. Since I'm working in Vegas at the PH I got a little discount, but it still showed that it's a good deal even without the extra off. The servers were quick and dedicated to the table and if you weren't paying attention to the Green/Red Pawn on your table they'll keep bringing you meat! In waves of Beef, Pork, Chicken, Lamb and Turkey.But the best, enjoy the pineapple, As Molly says it's not meat, but it's sooooo goood. Cheers!
4	Got some discount for lunch, so it was only $13 before tax.The quality of the meat were great.  Very tender and flaverful.  My fav was the pork tenderloin.  Nice mix of fat and tender meat.  The only problem that day was the service, which was very slow.  They warned me when I went in, so maybe they were short on staff for some reason that day.  So since they didn't come around very often, some of the good stuff, like the pineapple, just showed up once, in the 1 hr I was there.
2	The meat was not as good as you will find at a top notch steakhouse, yet you pay the same price.  The side dishes are served buffet style, and there wasn't a lot of selection.   However I will admit, that the sides that they did have were tasty, but could have been hotter.  The hostess checked us in, and we had a reservation, it took them 20 minutes to get a table ready (when we were starring at all the empty tables) and at that we had to sit outside in the mall.  We ate dinner with annoying teenagers around us, it was pretty bad.  They did bring around a good amount of meat, and a variety of it, which was nice.  However, the regular waiter never came back to check on us, I never got a refill I asked for TWICE, and we had to wait 20 minutes after we asked for the check to actually get it.  This was my first experience at a Brazilian Steakhouse, and I sure hope they aren't all this bad.  I will definitely not be back.
2	I've had better Brazilian bbq elsewhere, but I guess if you don't have this in your hometown, it's worth a try.  The waiter wasn't very attentive, but the meat servers were excellent.  Some of the meat was a little dry.
1	I normally love Brazilian food, but this place sucked!  You pay $40 per person and a bunch of guys walk around with meat on a skewer and cut off pieces for you.  We had our choice of I think 10 different meats.  Sadly, most of them lacked flavor and just were overly salty.  The salad bar was good however, but still not worth the hefty $40 price tag for some salad and a few pieces of meat.
5	WOW!  This is my first time eating at a Brazilian restaurant.  The experience was amazing and the Father's Day gift certificate ($40 off through the month of June) was the icing on the cake.Pamas Churrascaria is tucked into the south end of the Planet Hollywood shops.  If you go in the correct door, it is immediately on the left - otherwise you get to wander through the maze of 170 shops looking for it.We had reservations (highly recommended) and still waited for about 10 minutes to get a table (not too bad).  The host was very good but spoke a little too fast for this novice to catch everything he was saying.One of the managers (Michele R.) came by while we were waiting on our drinks and talked with us about Pampas and what we could expect.  From my questions, she offered us a tour of the kitchen and then took our picture in front of the grill.  This was a very nice touch and certainly helped me to understand what to expect from the overall experience.  She also made herself available to us throughout the night - checking back to make sure everything was just right for us.Michelle (our server) is from Chicago and has the great Chicago accent.  She is friendly, knowledgeable and fun to talk with.  Service could have been a little faster for my taste but at 7:15 on a Saturday evening with a wedding party on board, it gets a little bit crazy around there.The food is amazing - 10 different kinds of meats, all freshly carved and served at your table.  The all-you-can-eat seafood was freshly prepared and very good but I was already getting full from the all-you-can-eat meat and salad and side bar by the time it arrived.The desert tray looked fantastic but since I cannot have sugar, I asked about some strawberries.  Michele R. came to my rescue (again).  The rest of my table enjoyed the chocolate mousse.This place is fantastic.  I love it.  If you are going to a show after dinner, allow yourself 2 to 2/12 hours for dinner and transportation to the show.
3	T's cousin had her wedding dinner here in a private room.  How could I resist trying "just a little" of everything?  Nothing exotic like alligator... Just the standard and all pretty damn yum.  But, I don't care how distracted by meat skewers you are.  Promise me, whatever you do, don't miss the cheezy biscuits!  Seriously, I must have had a dozen.  I have no idea whether cheezy biscuits are Brazilian or not and I don't care.  Cheezy, cheezy, cheezy heaven.  3-1/2 cheezy stars.And, bonus points for the never empty glass of Cabernet!
3	having been to 2 other brazilian bbqs near DC, i wasn't sure what to expect.i must say i was slightly dissapointed.  Their meat selection wasnt as impressive.  while they had a good selection of "other" meats(lamb, chicken, turkey, pork), i was dissapointed in their beef selection.  no ribeye, no short loins, and their filet mignon wasnt that good either.the salad bar also was pretty standard....not a whole lot just a few basics.  the salad bar at texas de brazil would blow this one away.probably the highlight was the grilled pineapple...thats not a good thing when your specialty is meat.
3	Took 20 minutes for the skewers to start coming out but once they it was nonstop. The meats and sangria were average. The only good thing was the filet mignon and the quantity of sangria we got for $10 was more than any other place where I've ordered the drink. Our server was friendly  but the people carving the meat were either robotic or seemed frustrated.
2	I was pretty disappointed with this place.There was only one type of beef coming around. I am used to several types at my local churrascaria. Peppered, Garlic, this cut, that cut...Sausages were just ok.Turkey wrapped in Bacon was probably the best thing they offered me.The sides/salad bar was pretty small and not a great variety. Which really doesn't matter so much to me because I just get some rice and the powder stuff for dipping the meat in.Servers were either all robots, or all hungover... no life to them.And they sure took their sweet time coming out from the back... Don't they know to not keep food from me like that? Maybe that is why the knives were duller than a party at Joe Biden's.They didn't want me shankin them for the whole skewer of meat.Caipirinha was OK, but try the White Wine Sangria here... excellent.Oh- I almost forgot. My coupon for $3 off per person mysteriously vanished from the table.
3	3 star food, 5 star happy hour. A little hard to find, it is all the way in the back of the Planet Hollywood casino mall.$1 well drinks, half price beer and halp price apps and sanwiches for happy hour, one of the best happy hours I have seen. Shannon is a great bartender and I would return to the place just to see her. The only negative was the local regulars who were all cheesy time-share salesmen. They made used car dealers seem classy as they shared their stories of hard selling midwest saps for hours until they gave in. If you are thinking of buying a Vegas time-share, stop by this bar first, there is no way you would buy one afterwards.Food is ok, but it is no Texas de Brazil. The salad bar was the smallest and plainest of any Brazillian steakhouse I have been to. Nothing spectacular.The meats were below average and all well past medium rare. The best was the garlic sirloin, the worst was the filet mignon which was way overcooked and almost well done. Pork and turkey were ok.I will definitely return for the happy hour, but would order off the bar sandwich menu next time.
4	I love the picanha tri-tip.  I could eat just that and some salad.  I'm good.  Drop a pitcher of iced tea and let me be.  If I'm coming for a specific dish then I'm not complaining about anything else.  The meat kept coming and we were fighting to keep up.The service was OK.  Our server was attentive and comedic.  The guys bringing out the meat were and I'll agree robotic, but we got them talking and laughing with us.I don't want to overstuff myself on the salad bar, so I could care less if there wasn't a large variety.  I had the spinach salad, some rice, potato salad, fruit and that was about it for me and the salad bar.  I would come back for the meat.I do prefer the Pampas fast food grille at the Grove in L.A. just because you can stand in line, get your food, eat and get going.
2	Probably the worst Brazilian BBQ experience I have had. We got a discounted rate through Tix4Tonight for $20 per person so it was reasonably priced but we got what we paid for in this case. I would be mad if I paid full price. At Pampas, the service was indifferent. We had water refilled once during a 90-minute meal. The reason it was so long was the meat came out so slowly. All of the meat was overcooked. I think I saw one piece of beef that had any pink to it. All the rest of the beef was grey and chewy. The pork was fatty (which I usually appreciate) but in this case even the lumps of fat was not enough to offset the scaly texture of the over cooked pork loin. The only good meat was the bacon wrapped turkey. If all of the meat was as well prepared as the turkey this would have been a much different experience despite the service. The only other skewered item I would recommend is the grilled pineapple. The salad bar was not big nor was the food there mediocre. Finding it was not terribly easy either and certainly not worth the effort. If you are in Vegas and in the mood for Brazilian BBQ I would recommend Texas de Brazil or Sambas if you want the convenience of a location in a casino.
2	I had seen this restaurant last time we were in Las Vegas, and having had a great experience at Greenfields, another churrascuria  in California, I was anxious to give it a try... The atmosphere was very nice, the service was okay, but the food was just not very good. The cold food and sides bar was very skimpy, and, like many others here, we found the meat to be dry, overcooked and lacking in seasoning. Even wtih a $50 off coupon and no alcoholic drinks the bill was $50 for 2, so it was not worth it for me!
3	the group i went with had a discount, so we only paid about $25/person for the all you can eat meat buffet.  (i think originally it's like $35/person, but i'm not 100% sure).so the price at 25 is good, if i had to pay 35/person this place woulda been more like a 2 or 2.5 star.basically people walk around the tables holding different assortments of meat and if you like what u see, they carve a piece for you.the meat is for the most part juicy, but i felt the "salad bar" was quite sad and shouldnt be allowed to be called a salad bar.  i dont eat THAT much meat, so i didnt enjoy this as much as my male counterparts.
4	Love this place, Been several times, Sometimes the service has been slow but for the most part its decent. Great food, The pineapple is to die for. Only suggestion would be price. It doesn't need to be that spendy. I have seen similar places starting around 20 for dinner. Its approx 40 per person here at dinner time.Was there once on a Saturday night and The Rock and Roll Game show was performing live. that was fun.
2	Expected more than the service and food that was provided especially being in Planet Hollywood! Service was ok but food was undercooked and did not meet the taste of churascarrias like Texas or others!!!I passed up Samba at the Mirage to come here, I am sure I missed out and will be hitting up the Mirage next time we are in Vegas!
2	If this was your first trip to a Brazilian barbecue, you might think it's pretty good because of the all u can eat meat.  However, I have been to much better.  Actually, every other Brazilian barbecue I have been to was better.  Notes:+ Bacon-wrapped turkey was soft and flavorful.- Lamb was way overcooked and very tough- Tri-tip was very chewy, wanted to spit it out- Service was weak, my water glass went empty most of the dinner- I asked for the grilled pineapple five times before it came back to my table.The worst part was they added an 18% ($18!) service charge to my bill because I used a gift certificate that I bought at a discount.  This was unacceptable since there were only two people in my party.
4	My memory of this place is a little fuzzy (Vegas will do that to you) but I thoroughly enjoyed eating here.  I was with a group of 14 people for dinner. We made reservations and when we arrived, we were seated right away. You get the choice of going all-you-can-eat-meat or pay a bit more for a big seafood meal. Go with the meat meal because the meats are among the juiciest, most savory I've ever tasted and you can still get smoked salmon at the buffet (which was actually my favorite of everything I tried).  I feel like the meat variety wasn't as big as other Brazilian buffets I've been to, but again it could be the fuzzy memory.  They sell pitchers of Sangria (for an additional cost) which are great to split with one or two friends.The only negative part of the experience was paying the bill.  We had some kind of passes from the MGM which were supposed to bring the meal down to $23 per person.  Granted I split a pitcher of sangria with 2 other people, I still didn't expect my meal to come out to $40.  It turns out the automatic gratuity fee they apply for groups is based on the price of the meal BEFORE any discounts. Oh well.
4	The food is great here, but FI & I made the mistake of going to the Wynn buffet a few hours earlier. We thought we would've been hungry by the time our reservation came, but we were wrong! We did enjoy the experience though. We never tried Brazilian BBQ before, so we're happy with it. :)
4	We went here a while back since we had a restaraunt.com certificate to try it and i had never been to a brazillian grille.... All I can say is WOW!!  Your meal comes with a delicious brazillian buffet style salad bar which includes things like fried plantaines and other things you do not normally find at buffets. The best part of the meal is yet to come so dont eat to much off of the buffet. The waiters then start to bring around a parade of scwered meat. Parmesean crusted fillet mignon, bacon wrapped turkey, roast beef, spicy chicken, tri tip, Etc. The best part is that they cut it directly off the spit and put it on your plate. This was some of the best meat we had ever eaten. And towards the end of the meal they brought out a fresh grilled pineapple. This was amazing. You just eat until you are done and then flip the top you have at the table over so it is red as to say STOP WITH THE PARADE OF MEAT!!  If you leave the green side up they will continue to offer you more and more and more. If you are coming to vegas i would recommend this if you are a meat eater.
3	The place:Located in the Planet Hollywood "Miracle Mile" shops it didn't look like much from the outside.  We actually sat outside in the mall, but went through the restaurant to get the food.  The interior decorating is what should be described as Brazilian?The food:We sampled just about everything. Ham, top sirloin (pixhaca?), spicy and sweet chicken, pineapple, pork tenderloin, sausage, and bacon wrapped turkey.  The standouts were the pork tenderloin and the bacon wrapped turkey.  All of the buffet stuff inside was seriously depleted when we first tried to sample it, but was restocked quickly and was tasty.  The buffet included; stewed meat, cheeses, salad, fried plantains, rolls, lentils, pineapple salsa, squid salad, cheesy potatoes, Caprese salad, Swiss chard. The bottom line:Great experience, started a bit slow, but once the skewers started coming they were paced just fine. Gilbert was great waiter as were all of the guys wielding the skewers.
3	We rolled in on a Sunday night 9:30 pm.  Desperate really, for something palatable at this useless hour.  The place was dead, and the guy immediately offered us a "15%" discount.  After more research turns out they always do that.  Not much of a discount eh?It's about $33 for an all you can eat Brazilian bbq.  You can get the all you can eat surf and turf for about $10 more.  We just went with the standard selection.Their buffet bar was decent, lots of Mediterranean style sides, tons of olives, cheese, pasta, etc., they definitely are confused.The meat was OK, I've definitely had better.  The thing about Brazilian BBQ's is that you get what you pay for, so if you want high quality all you can eat meats, you're gonna have to fork over at least $50/person.Overall, highly mediocre experience, lots of food though.
2	I have really beening trying to drag my wife to try a place like this for a while and I am sad to say that this was her first experience at this style restaurant. We tried the lunch.The food was just okay and the service sucked!!! The high points for me were the pork tenderloin, sausage, top sirloin and pineapple. The salad bar was very disappointing. A couple different options but nothing really stood out. I did eat my fill on the meat. Since we went for lunch it was only about $13. per person with the monorail discount. Our waiter Shaun was the worst excuse for hired help I have ever seen. Hardly ever saw him and when we did we had to flag him down to stop at our table. It will be hard for me to convince my wife to try a place like this again.
2	Sushi . .  baklava . . .  Brazilian BBQ? Is Brazilian BBQ the new trendy food option that everyone pretends to like just to be down? Maybe. I'll reserve my judgment because this was my first and so far only BBBQ experience. Here's how it works: They have a buffet with salad, beans and rice, which is good. Then people come to your table with different types of overcooked meat and put it on your plate. They have a turkey meat that is basically turkey sandwich meat in cube form. At $40 per person, the food was disappointing. Luckily, our waiter probably sensed we were underwhelmed and put an imaginary $40 off coupon or our bill. However, even at half the price, I wouldn't go back to Pampas. I'd rather get room service and listen to Nancy Grace tell me her opinion of Tiger Woods.
4	We ate here on a Monday night.  We had reservations for five at 9:45 p.m.  We made our reservations through Tix 4 Tonight / Tix 4 Dinner.  This allowed us to pay 1/2 price.  Upon arrival the hostess showed us to our table.  The initial service was a little slow but we expected that from the other reviews.  Our waiter appeared and we gave him our 1/2 price voucher.  He told us how things work, took our drink order and told us we could help ourselves to the salad bar.I have been to Brazilian Steakhouses in Houston, San Diego, Dallas, Florida and Buenos Aires.  This one follows the typical format.  Large salad bar and then the endless parade of meats.  Standouts at the salad bar included the salmon which was spicy.  I also liked the plaintains.  The meat was very good.  Plenty of it.  Servers that knew rare from well done.  Lamb, steak, chicken.  A particular standout was the spicy chicken.  The serving size was very large, moist and perfectly seasoned.  Diners at the table also enjoyed the turkey wrapped in bacon.  It was different and a nice change of pace from the meat.  The staff was attentive and even brought us additional lamb when requested.  A small complaint was that the filet mignon had a slightly gamey flavor that it shouldn't have had but the picanha was on target.Also, this style of steakhouse typically uses a lot of salt on their meats and if you are not used to the flavor then it can sometimes get overwhelming.  Remember.  You do not have to have a slice of every meat or item that is brought to your table.  You can and should be selective.  The wine list had reasonable values for a restaurant in a hotel casino.  For example, a Kaiken Malbec by the bottle was $35.00. House wine was $30.Four stars because of the 1/2 price voucher.  (Total meal cost with two bottles of wine was $48 per person with tip).  Only three if we had to pay full price.
4	This place is great if you have a big appetite and love meat. There's whole salad bar with artichokes, caprese salad, calamari salad, etc, which is a tasty accompaniment to the meal. I got the seafood plate with shrimp, scallops, grilled salmon, and "tempura" cod. The salmon was a little dry and the cod too oily, but the shrimp and bacon wrapped scallops were good. I wouldn't recommend the seafood plate.My boyfriend got the all you can eat meat instead. This was clearly the better choice. There was an assortment of lamb, sirloin, chicken etc. My favorite was the lamb with balsamic reduction, very tender and flavorful. My boyfriend loved the spicy chicken. Succulent, delicious meat.We saved by using the Tix4tonite ($24).
1	Worst restaurant I have ever been to, the food is mediocre but worse service simply cannot be found anywhere else.  My party of 11 had reservations for Pampas....even so, it took them more than 45 minutes to get us our table.  Most waiters look forward to large parties - lots of potential for tips - however ours avoided us.The menu has some good offerings on it.  However, because it had taken so long to seat us and our waiter was not being attentive, most of us ordered the salad bar because we were running short on time.  Irritated that the majority of the party was not ordering the most expensive thing on the menu (keep in mind, we were a group of well dressed, well-to-do people), the waiter began collecting up rodizio plates from the table as loud as he possibly could, as if being passive-aggressive would put more time on the clock for us.  We then pointed out that he'd failed to take the meal orders from three of the people in our party, which irritated him further.  He mistakenly collected a rodizio plate from one of the party who ordered the meat rodizio (the all you can eat meat) and when the diner informed him that he shouldn't have taken the plate away, argued with the diner for 5 minutes before checking what he himself had written down for the meal order.The food at the salad bar was decent - good variety and mostly well done, and does a good job as light fare.  The people who were most disappointed were those who ordered the all-you-can-eat meat.  The menu said it was a "neverending parade of meats".  In actuality, they were not served for 20 minutes while the rest of us were eating from the bar, and neither was anybody else in the restaurant.  The manager stopped by to ask if people were getting their meats, to which we told him no, not in the past 20 minutes.  I'm guessing he chewed out the wait staff, because a slow trickle of the rotiserrie spear holding waiters slowly started making their rounds, albeit it was far from being a "neverending parade" and all of the servers appeared sour and grouchy that they were being made to work.  Most would come by, cut off one small slice, and walk off leaving my friends sitting there trying to flag them down for more.As for the meat itself?  Nothing special.  Most of it was overcooked.  The bacon wrapped turkey was good, but how often is bacon-wrapped anything bad?  Overall it was very disappointing for the price tag, and the people who were most satisfied were those who just got the $19 salad bar because they were either not hungry or in a rush to leave.Funnily enough, they have red and green markers to be put on the table, green to sign servers to bring more meat, red to tell them that you're full.  The diners in my party that ordered the all you can eat meat finished dinner hungry and turning the markers to red just so that we could collect our checks and continue with our night.As for the rude waiter?  He was delinquent in refilling our drink orders (and 11 people on their way to a club can order a lot of drinks) to the point that on more than one occasion members of my party walked to the bar to order drinks.  When we asked him to split our checks, he became visibly irritated with us.....lets see, a group of 11 people, four couples and some single guys, why would separate checks with the mandatory gratuity added NOT make sense?  Not many 28-30 year olds pay for 10 friends to eat at an expensive restaurant like this...  The waiter then went around the table and argued with every one of us about our drink orders (which wasn't much thanks to him being AWOL).  15 minutes later, he tosses down the drink bill and basically said he made no effort to try to break it up.In the end, the one thing our waiter did right was not add gratuity to both the food bill and the drink bill.  Everybody in my party of 11 gave him exactly what he earned and deserved for his tip: $0.00 .If you're looking for all you can eat and quality, go to the buffet at the MGM Grand or the Aria.  If you're looking for bad service, go to Dick's Last Resort - their bad service is at least entertaining and their prices are more reasonable (and quality of food is sadly comparable).  There is no reason for anybody to ever eat at Pampas.
4	I ate dinner here last night and I'm still full. This place is a carnivore's paradise, and you can't help but feel a little badass eating meat off of swords. You have to be a little careful and make sure you request the correct doneness of meat as skewers will range from rare to well done. At $40 for meat only, it's a little steep (though somehow cheaper than the Palo Alto location) but still not bad for all-you-can-eat.My favorites (in order): BBQ Chicken, Top Sirloin, Lamb, Filet Mignon, and the Tri-Tip. Oh, and the BBQ Pineapple is delicious. The side bar is good, but don't fill yourself up!Boom. Yummy.
4	Took a friend to dinner here using a Restaurant.com coupon.  The coupon stated we had to order two entree's, which really wasn't a problem at all considering we both are grille fans.My friend ordered the Rodizio all-you-can-eat meat circular, where they come to your table with skewered meats such as chicken, lamb, filet mignon, prime rib, etc.  If you want seafood you order from a more expensive but similar all-you-can-eat circular.  The cost was $38.99 for the Rodizio.  I ordered a grilled season chicken and fries for $28.99 that was good, but way too much food.  Which was the problem.They don't keep a close eye on you here.  I was eating the extra meat from my friends extra plate the entire time waiting for my chicken.  By the time it arrived, I was full!  I should've not used the coupon and ordered an appetizer and snacked on the filet mignon coming around all night!The meats were excellent as far as taste and presentation: I really enjoy them coming to the table with freshly grilled meat.  I would come here again for a special occassion such as birthday or something, but it is a little too expensive to eat here as often as I eat out.
4	If you love meat you'll love this place. Meat, meat, and more meat! They do an amazing job preparing the food too. I didn't care for the sea food but overall you can't go wrong if you're into steak.
1	This is NOT Fogo de Chao! Nor is it Texas De Brazil, or whatever nice Brazilian churrascuria you're expecting.  My girlfriend has never been to but I've been to several, and I was excited to take her to one. It was not a good first experience for her. The service was horrible, we waited far too long for our reservations, and the meat was low quality and poorly cooked. So very disappointing.
4	Coupon for the free dinner was so worth itAll u can eat garlic filet mignon, tender pork tenderloin, bacon wrapped turkeyThe meats are excellent and leave you stuffed. They just need to be a little more clear on how the coupon works but it's definitely worth it
3	Go get yourself a prepaid dinner ticket from www.tix4tonight.com . We went to the one at the Fashion Show mall. It gives you around half off or something from their full price. I think I paid $25 instead of $40 or whatever their price is at the restaurant.The meats were decent, but I've had better. Some of their cuts were way too salty for my taste. But for Vegas, I guess it's not a bad place to go. Something different from your normal buffets. I wasn't happy with their service though. They were really slow in coming by with each meat. The servers seemed too lazy to walk around our table to serve, instead, they had us clumsily pass each other each slices, which was annoying. It doesn't take that much effort to take a few extra steps to serve us. They were really slow in filling our drinks, left all of our glasses empty most of the time. And even more slow in bringing our check.
5	The Turkey wrapped bacon,Garlic Filet Mignon, Porkchop, Ham, Seafood, The salad bar! this place is the perfect place to go for meat eaters!!!! All the servers were incredibly friendly...the older gentlemen, manager was so professional and nice... you will definately see me back at this location!
2	Pampas is a Brazilian steak house located on the South side of Planet Hollywood.  In short, it's a decent alternative for hungry carnivores who are tired of buffets.If you haven't been to a churrascaria, it's an all you can eat affair where there's a nice salad bar and a few side dishes - but instead of a buffet, the staff bring large skewers of meat around to your table.  Most places have a signal (like a coaster) that says "more please" or "I'm still chewing".I guess I'm spoiled by Fogo de Chao.  I have visited the DC location several times and it has become a favorite stop for me and many of my traveling buddies.  Pampas is the same concept, except executed with value in mind.  Said differently, Target and ShopKo are both variety stores, but I'm pretty sure most people would much rather go to Target if given a choice.  Pampas is the ShopKo here - a little less quality, a little cheaper, and a lower atmosphere factor.The meat is OK - certainly comparable to the stuff served at Outback or any other chain restaurant and is a little over seasoned.  The preparation is good, but not great.  The salad bar was pretty fresh and had a reasonable variety.We were seated quickly and reasonably well attended to by the friendly staff.  We had to wait a bit on some of the meats, but not enough to complain about it.  The convenient location is nice, as are the short waits.I'm on the fence with the stars here.  Certainly, I could go 3 in terms of overall quality and experience, but it's the value quotient here that leaves me cold.  If you can score this for $25 - it's an easy 3-star experience.  If you get suckered in for $40, then it's a bust down to two stars.
2	We ordered the Surf & Turf Rodizio ($49.95) and the Meat Rodizio ($38.95) figured we save a few dollars by sharing the seafood items.I was underwhelmed with the salad bar. We moved right onto meat parade. We had Picanha, filet with Parmesan crust, pork loin, chicken - hot and bbq, ham, sausage, turkey wrapped in bacon, pineapple, and lamb... we were served in that order. We repeated the Picanha, filet, and ham. We practically had to beg for the lamb, it took three requests before it was brought to the table. For the most part the meats were good. It was only the sausage that I absolutely did not like.The surf consisted of shrimp glazed with butter, scallops in butter, grilled salmon and tempura cod. The seafood was BAD, Bad, bad. I couldn't even choke down a scallop, I spit it out. The shrimp were rubbery, the salmon was nearly jerky and the cod was bland and the tempura was hardly intact. They offered to bring another plate, but we refused. Service was adequate.
4	This was my first experience at a Brazilian BBQ but I have to say, I think it's worth it for the experience. If you're a serious foodie, you might have gripes about the food itself, after all, it's still a buffet. But I happen to love buffets... so... I guess I'm no foodie!I thought it was a great time, the service at Pampas in LV is superb. I got the all you can eat surf and turf for $50 w/ salad bar. The salad bar is blegh, cold and unmemorable. The meat was good, the seafood was great! I def. suggest getting the SURF and turf, because if all I had to choose from were the meats I'd prob only have given this 3 stars. Alot of the beet was imo overcooked and nothing really stood out. The seafood was delicious though, great catfish and scallops. And I loved the grilled pineapple. This would be a great thing to do for a special day, or as a vacation treat. It's pricey for any other reason but where else can you have a good time eating?
4	Not really sure why some many people have not found this place to be outstanding. I have experienced many places like this but this is one of the best I have had! If you want traditional style then you found it here. The servers were great and the quality of meats were just about perfect! I am sure it may change from night to night but I am a fan!
3	The meat was good but not great.  The price for lunch was only $15 and that made it 3 stars.  They only had sirloin steak for the lunch buffet and the service was kind of slow.  I do not expect to go back for dinner anytime since I have visited much better Brazilian steak houses.
3	Pampas is one of my favorite places to eat back home so I was excited to eat at this location in Vegas.  We found a great deal at those 1/2 price ticket location (they have discounts for shows AND restaurants, I never knew!). We paid $2/each to get $15 off the Meat Rodizio, not bad! Total bill for both of us (including taxes and tips) was $60, which is like 1/2 the bill of the Pampas back home.  Unfortunately, 1/2 the price means 1/2 the quality, I was disappointed in the meat selection.Service was okay, nothing to complain about but nothing to compliment either.  The salad bar had interesting selections (curry??) Maybe they try to fill you up with the cheap stuff. I did like the bread though, yumm. I wish the sirloin were better cooked, they were a bit dry *sadness* The chicken was tender but needed more flavor. The sausages were a bit salty.  Nothing I tried really hit the spot. It wasn't bad but I guess I had higher expectations :(
1	Service was slow, took 15 min to get water, lemon in water was slimy. The Salmon Tempura was greasy, the zuchinni tempuraa was greasy and too long, should have been better presented. The ceasar Salad was NOT a real Ceasar salad, Salad was wilted, and way too peppery. Waitress only came to fill our water after our meal was complete. We were going to order the Brazillian experiance (meat carved @ table) but after watching waitstaff wonder in/out of perimeters of tables into walking paths of shoppers in Planet Holleywood where this restuarant is, we passed. We have eaten at the Brazillian grille in henderson and found it amazing. Music, food, clean, etc.. Went home after this meal very ill, and will never eat there again. It was the only food I ate in over 15 hours so It was the food that made me feel aweful.
3	I Came here to eat for dinner. I have worked and been to plenty of Brasil BBQs in the past. This one the salad bar didn't seem fresh and the rice was too watered down. The meat was a little on the salty side and the service was slow. I can say the bar tender makes a good caipirinha. for that I have to give them a  3.
2	This was my first time experiencing a brazilian steakhouse. Unfortunately, I was not blown away. While walking up to the entrance, I noticed the greeter passing out coupons to people passing by. When we came up, she asked us if we had reservations. We did. She tried to discreetly hide the coupons and led us to the table. When I inquired about the coupons, she acted very annoyed and was hesitant to hand one over. So what? Just because we already had plans to eat here meant we weren't allowed to get a discount? I did not like her attitude at all. The waiter was decent, but was not especially helpful. He did what was required, explaining the menu and keeping our water glasses filled. We were able to go to their buffet for side dishes, and the meat dishes were brought to the table. The side dishes weren't impressive and they were very slow in bringing the meat rodizio around. There were only two guys walking around at a time, then they would disappear, and it was quite a wait in between until they came out with new meat entrees. The food was ok but nothing spectacular, also a little on the salty side. My boyfriend ordered the meat rodizio while I ordered the seafood rodizio. They brought out a tiny dish with 3 scallops the size of nickels!!!!!!! The salmon and cod were the size of half a deck of cards each, and 3 shrimps on a skewer. I had to order at least 3 orders. I understand that maybe the Gulf oil spill may be limiting seafood choices, but scallops as small as nickels???? For $45??? That was pathetic.I was ok with a nice dinner in Vegas and we spent what I expected to spend. But I probably wouldn't return to this specific brazilian steakhouse. I might try ones with better ratings. If anything, maybe one that has nicer people.
3	We've been to a few Brazillian Grills... this one is "ok".   Not great, but not bad either...   We did notice that the clientele seemed to come off the street... people in shorts, t-shirts, ect...We did appreciate that their was a gluten free display at the salad bar explaining to us what GF dishes we could eat.Overall, was a good experience and would go back... but it was not a knock it out of the park home run experience.
2	I ate here with the family while on vacation in Vegas.  It was my first visit to a Brazilian style steakhouse and none of us thought very much of it.  Like others, we went in because of the coupons they were handing out all over the place and thought it might be fun for our teenage kids.  Service was marginal, took way too long to get drinks.  Salad bar is nothing special.  Of the meats, the sirlon was the only thing that tasted decent - not great, but decent.  The other meats were not that good.  Without the coupon, this place would be significantly overpriced for dinner.  Wish I had read the reviews before we visited,  this is not a spot we would go back to again.
4	I had heard about Pampas from a friend, and my bf also read about in while on the plane flying into Vegas. We did unfortunately have a hard time finding it once inside Planet Hollywood, probably just poor planning. Pampas was very busy upon arrival, which it to be expected on a Sat evening, we were told the wait would be about 20 min, only had to wait about 10.  The indoor seating is very nice, the outdoor seating isn't quite as nice, not a busy end of the casino, but people are still walking by.  We were very happy with the service, everyone was very nice and personable. It was quite nice that a large portion of the staff was also Brazilian, made it more real. I was some one disappointed by the side dish bar, was not the freshest, and limited variety. The fried bananas are amazing though! The meat was spectacular and they kept it coming, and was never left without!  Would recommend to anyone, but suggest going with reservations, and lots and lots of time to eat.
4	I've been a fan of Pampas in Palo Alto and I'm definitely a fan of the one in Vegas. I wanted to try the breakfast here because I got a coupon from my hotel, but I could never wake up early enough..come on people..it's Vegas! Who wakes up before 11:00 AM?!?!? So we slowly walked down to this restaurant. Had to wait for maybe 10 minutes because at the time I didn't realize it, but there was a wedding reception going on. We got seated in the private room or maybe not so private since the entire room was made of glass. We all ordered the rodizio style because by now it's our lunch time and we were all starving. First round of food came around, then the second, then third. A total of 7 meats came around, but not all the meats were good. Some of it was way overcooked. I could barely chew it, so I just left it on my plate, thus the reason I didn't give this place 5 stars. The service on the other hand was spectacular. Everyone even the guys who cut the meats were funny and very attentive. The service basically makes up for the food at this place. Next time around, maybe just maybe I might try the breakfast.
4	Service was fine...food was beyond average for sure.Nice touch bringing the skewer to your table to cut the meat.Salad bar was fresh overall.  Caesar salad had a bit of limp lettuce mingling after two attempts.Desserts were very tasty too.Would consider going back in the future.
1	Let me get to the point right now... DO NOT EAT HERE!  This was a BOMB from start to finish and a complete waste of $157.00 for 4 people.  We made reservations.  When we showed up the hostess tried to put us outside where everyone walks by you. We noticed that's whereshe tries to put everyone initially. It's obviously is an effort to gain attention of by-passers, who think "wow, let's eat here, it's so busy".   It's very impersonal area, so we said we will sit inside.  So now she makes us wait for like 7+ minutes.  The inside was nearly empty and we still waited.  The waitress looked "frazzled" that we choise to eat inside.  So she seats us next to an entry way like a thoroughfare, but this place is nearly empty.  Many nice tables available.  Then we waited nearly 10 minutes for someone to say "hi" I'm your waiter/waitress.  We were just ready to leave this place when out of the blue, a waitress greets us with a really bad vibe, unhappy feeling, impersonable to say the least.  So I order the unlimited meat thing for $37.95 or close to that price.  Well to keep this short, the meat carving people DO NOT make their rounds consistently.  They leave you waiting for more than 10-15 minutes at a time before another meat arrives.  I sat there looking around thinking what the heck is going on here?  Then someone shows up.  You can feel the reluctancy to carve you any decent sized portion.  Then you wait 10-15 minutes... another person comes, you get the picture???  One of my guests had a halibut fish at $27.99.  It was sadly the size of a king-sized pack of cigarettes, with some steamed veggies and that was a bit dry.  This was a let down.  My wife's dish was a lobster bouilliabaise.  The dish was mediocre, the tiny shrimp you had to find in the soup, the mussels were so tiny that I cant believe they would serve that!  The pasta was overcooked.  They only served me 5  types of meat while there. The filet mignon was the only one I could comfortably chew.  The rest of the meat was not very tender and tasty.  We over-heard our waitress complaining to another one saying the meat service is affecting her tips.   Yes it does, and so does her crappy personality.Let me tell all of you that read this.  This place survives, thanks to the countless tourist turn-over.  This place is so desperate, they hand-out discount coupons in front of their place to the people that walk by....if you walk in because you wanted to anyhow, no discount coupon offer for you!   Plus take in mind my earlier comment about how thay want you to sit out front so they can market you to other suckers walking by. This place is no better than an average dinner buffet for $12.95.  I should have payed attention to the other Yelper comments out there, and I got burned.  Oh yeah, our seats were badly covered in grease drippings and other spills left behind from customers.  Gross!  One last thing, when we left, we walked by a hostess or a waitress who was using a company computer moniter station area  to check her FaceBook photos.... "class act" here people.  You can see, this place is a BOMB from start to finish.  Take my advice.... and others.... just pass over this place, it should close it's doors... for good.
1	What a disappointment!We ate here because we got a 50% voucher from Half-Price before the Cheap Trick Sgt. Pepper showThe food is not bad but the service is so-so. Ages to get someone to take a drink order and then serve our drinks.  In addition, they are extremely stingy with the meats and you have to keep requesting service to get someone to bring you more meats. We never saw half the meats the waiter described. The salad bar was OK, nothing to write home about. You are better off going to Fogo De Chao or Texas De Brazil.This is a poor imitation.
4	I have been to a number of churrascurias and this place was nice. I really enjoyed this place as the ambiance was nice and the salad bar was good. I would definitely prefer Texas de Brazil, but honestly... I think it still deserves attention.Texas de Brazil is south strip, so if you are on foot and happen to be on the strip nearby, and have a huge craving for red meat and all you can eat quality salad bar... give this place a chance!The service was very good and there is indoor window shopping when you exit!
4	I come in for the all you can eat meat. The meat is very good but the serves is very slow with the meat.  If you complain, the serves comes faster. I am not sure if they do this on purpose so people eat more salad bar.  The people next to me even told me the serves was horrible but the meats were good.   Even though the serves is a slow as molasses or as slow as a turtle trying to cross the las vegas strip , I would  go back.
1	No wonder Tix4Tonite were pawning these tickets to us.  Bad.Hubs and I came by Tix4Tonite to see what show tickets we could grab for the night scored on Zumanity tickets at 70% off.  Awesome.  They also told us about dining options which we figured, what the hell? How bad could it be?  We spent $19/each and got our vouchers for Pampas.The food is descent.  But hella slow! Jeez people, this is a churrascuria.  You are supposed to walk around with yummy meats and slice them onto my plate!  WTF? Everyone was cleaning and shit.  I want my meat!!!  We saw maybe 3 guys walking around with meats the whole hour and a half we were there.  Never again.
5	I have been to pampas now for two wonderful full on fancy Vegas dinners and I can say I don't know if I've ever been more pleased with a restaurant. First they have a great marketing team that is constantly advertising all around the strip to bring people in which I have a lot of respect for because it's got to be tough opening a new restaurant in Vegas (well relatively new) and I'm in marketing so I know it's tough to get your name put there and they do a great job.Secondly and most importantly the food is so savory and delicious it practically melts in your mouth. I literally wish I had time to stay there all day and just eat meat and drink wine in true hedonistic style. Definitely try everything if you can!!When my group went we were about 3/4 through our Meal when a nice gentlemen named Bill came over and starting chatting with us and told us a nice little anecdote about the yes lease no thank you signs on the table. He had us rolling on the floor we were laughing so hard and it turned out he was the owner and then proceeded to give us 5$ off our next bottle of wine!All and all definitely a 5 star experience every time I've been there and I can't wait to go again next time I'm in Vegas. Thanks Bill and to our fabulous waitress and meat servers as well!
4	We had breakfast which is $12.99 but a guy out front was handing out $5 off coupons (you can also get discounted vouchers from Tix 4 Tonight). The buffet portion had danishes (which were disappointing and seemed to be the same kind you get in cheap continental breakfasts in mid-range hotels), potatoes, eggs, french toast,  breakfast burritos, a good selection of watermelon, cantaloupe, honeydew, pineapple, etc. The "main event" for the breakfast is the meat which was sirloin, ham, two types of sausage and grilled pineapple. The sirloin was cooked just right (not too juicy or dry) but I wasn't a big fan of the sausage. The ham and pineapple were both quite good. The place was pretty empty when we got there around 10 and the service was good. The meat guys came around frequently and the waitress asked if there was anything meat we'd like them to bring out again right before we left. I had a $2.99 bloody mary which was great and had a spicy kick to it rather than just a salty taste. My wife had a mimosa and said it was good as well.Overall for $12.99 it's not a bad deal if you like meat and it's a very good deal for $7.99.
5	Great food, great experience.  The meat kept coming, and was delicious and juicy.  They had quite a variety, and we tasted everything that was described to us when we arrived.  Multiple times.  And later on they even asked if there were any specific meats we'd like to try more of.We were seated at an out of the way table, and I was immediately worried that service would suffer as a result, but we were never left waiting for more meat.The wine was great, and the owner even came by to chat with us for a little bit and tell us a joke about the little "yes please"/"no thank you" button you use to signal whether or not you want more food, after which he gave us $5 off our next bottle of wine.  It's generally a great marketing trick to get you to buy more wine, but we'd already decided to have another bottle anyway, so it just felt like a nice gesture.The salad bar was a little on the small side, but frankly I didn't care.  That wasn't what I was there for.Definitely go to one of the discount tickets stands you can find all over; for $3 each we bought tickets that cut the price roughly in half, down to around $25 per person.  YMMV, of course.We left full and oh so happy.
4	Pampas in Vegas is located in Planet Hollywood. Excellent selection of meats. The meats just melted in my mouth, they were that tender and juicy. Selection at the cold bar was mediocre. The typical: pasta salads, salads, greens, vegetables, rice.  I prefer this place over the buffets in Vegas though. I didn't know they had one in PA. I look forward to trying the one here. Can't wait. Let's see how it compares.
3	Coupons coupons coupons! Don't eat or drink here without it. It's definitely not worth it to pay full price. You'll need probiotics to help digest all that meat.
1	My bf and I got a coupon from planet hollywood for their breakfast buffet. We get there, put our name down and waited for 30 min. Our turn comes up and they tell us the coupons are outdated and they don't have the buffet anymore. We get seated and order the eggs and steak special. Our beef jerky gets to the table when we had asked for med rare. Their bread was as hard as concrete, the meat was dry, and even the med rare pieces that came out after we complained was flavorless and only saved by a healthy amount of A1. I dont like A1.No discounts offered. No apology from the host that took our order. Scrambled eggs were ok, sunny side up were burnt and about the size of quail eggs. Thats about it. And their costco mini muffins were good. The couple behind us were super annoyed about something too. NO GOOD!
4	For your money's worth and sheer quantity, you can't beat this place.  you get an unlimited salad bar + your lunch entree all for $10.  it is an unbeatable deal!  service was so-so, but for a hungry man on a budget, this place was a dream.  the other buffets cost $50-$75/person.  I ended up just eating from the salad bar and then taking my entree home for dinner!  that's dining on a budget in vegas.  They also have steak&eggs for breakfast, before 11am.
4	Bachelorette party weekend.  Our last night in Vegas.  We wanted a fun and tasty dinner.  Brazilian BBQ!!Coupons!  They have coupons everywhere.. we got a $10 off every rodizio ordered!We got the surf n' turf rodizio and the meat-only rodizio.We were a big group.. the waiter was AWESOME.. was able to hook us up with buy one-get one pitchers of sangria.. AND a free dessert for me!The meats and seafood were VERY tasty and cooked to perfection.. and the side/salad bar wasn't too much.. but the stuff I got were tasty!I'm so glad we had our dinner there.. it was a great experience and the food was very enjoyable!
3	My hubby took me here for dinner and as soon as we walked in we didn't have to wait.....we sat for about 10-15 minutes intil are waiter came to ask what we wanted to drink and then wait for about 20 more minutes just to get are drinks!!! while we waited the couple sitting next to us walked out because service here sucks!!!! 10 min later the people that was sitting in front of us complained twice intil finally walking out!! but the food was extremely good no complaints in that department!!!!
2	this review was for the lunch, meat rodizio special. we got there around 3 and lunch ends at 4pm.  you would think, being in vegas, that this place would be rated higher, but not for my experience.  we were greeted and seated by very friendly staff and were told we could head straight for the buffet for our sides and salads. i've been to other brazillian places and know better to not fill up on all the sides no matter how appetizing they may look or smell. nothing really stood out for their sides or salads, just your usual fried bananas, veggies, etc. we had to wait a good 15-20 minutes before the first skewer came to our table, which was pork loin. i'm more of a beef guy and would normally pass, but i was hungry. it was very juicy depite getting one of the outer slices, but the crust made it even more enjoyable. this got my hopes up which were later shot down.the other meats that came out were, roasted ham, sirloin, spicy chicken, pheasant, and bacon wrapped turkey. the ham tasted like it came from a store. the only thing i liked about the poultry is that they are not sliced so you know you get a fresh piece, as opposed to our ham and pineapple. (it seemed like we were always the last table to be served so we got all the pieces towards the center). the sirloin really let me down. i wasn't lucky enough to get the 1st slice, but by the 3rd slice the meat was a little too rare to my liking. the following rounds of sirloin all came to our table well done. the bacon wrapped turkey was good, but i would have loved to have some bacon wrapped filet. we've definitely had better, but we chose this place because we were hungry, but didn't want to go to one of the usual vegas buffets. if you choose to do the same, you can save a bunch by purchasing your meals via tix 4 tonight. they have a 50% off special for lunch at pampas.
3	Luckily we got discount vouchers at Tix 4 tonite.  We ended paying 22.95/pp.  Way overpriced otherwise.  Meats were good.  The seafood option was terrible.   For a better experience try Texas de Brazil.  Overall it was average for a churrascaria and the service was average too.
4	Great place to have lunch!! Same choices as dinner but at a lesser price.  The food and service was FANTASTIC!!! I wanted to try something else then go to another Vegas buffet. We sat in the wine cellar room which made the experience even better. My friends and I ordered the Meat Rodizio and the Surf and Turf Rodizio. The Brazilian sausage and turkey wrapped in bacon was a hit! We kept asking for more. Everything was cooked to perfection. As for the sides and salads everything like the rice and black beans or the cold pasta salads were very delightful.
1	Absolutely not worth it!! The food is not good and the meat is tasteless. Service is so, so but definitely not worth the price.
4	ONLY FOR THEIR TAKEOUT BREAKFAST:best potatoes ever.  yum.
2	Meh. It was okay. Came here when we booked a 1/2 priced Cirque Du Soleil show to take advantage of their discounted deal. It was something like $10-$15 off all you can eat rodizio for each person; which is a good deal. But, from generally dining at the Pampas in Palo Alto, it just didn't do it for me. The seafood is brought out to you on a plate vs. it coming on a stick. The sides were okay. This place may of been a better experience if I came here drunk with a bunch of party friends vs. dinner with the SO.
2	$5.99 breakfast steak and eggs...Their version of steak is 4 thin slices of beef.Best part is the potatoes.Their french toast is not great.Great price, but you get what you pay for.Save money and don't be expecting anything tasty.
2	If this was my first Brazilian steakhouse experience I would never do it again.This place had a line out the door so I doubt these negative reviews will make any difference. We had reservations and got seated immediately but everything went downhill from there. The food was fair (meats were good - seafood was a ripoff) but the place was way overcrowded and service was very slow.Our meal averaged out at 70.00 per person - much better options in Vegas.
3	I have mixed feelings about our experience with Pampas.The food was amazing, I will give them that.  The meat was well seasoned, the salad bar had all of the favorites..   And that was the good part.We were told, upon purchasing our "half price ticket" for the lunch at Pampas, that this experience was a virtual "meat parade."  No really, look it up.  Every add, every person affiliated with it will claim that it is a meat parade, the idea that people bring various meats to your table as you eat.  However, after 15 mins of waiting, our parade had not even started.  And then, when it did start, the meats were so few and far between, and the serving sizes so small that when I showed the manager the size of my slice of fillet, he laughed in embarassment.After my complaint, the meat parade really picked up.  We were offered meat every couple of minutes, but by that time we had already stuffed ourselves with the salad bar as we were so damn hungry, which is why we thought it appropriate to have a meat parade at all.The manager did give us a free dessert due to poor service (cheesecake.. not impressed..) but it was disapointing overall.  Too bad, too, because it wasn't cheap.Also, the entire coke machine was broken and the cokes were flat.  However, after they fixed it, they never brought us one, even though the people in the table behind us did get one.  Which brings us to this: our server sucked.Just an FYI.. the ladies behind us felt shafted in the meat parade as well and also later complained to the manager.Bottom Line:  Not a meat parade, just a sald bar with a side of meat.
4	This is my first trip to Las Vegas and Pampas was the first restaurant we ate at.  We were trying to find a sports bar as it was Sunday at 1pm and we wanted wings and football.  We walked the entire Miracle Mile shopping center and the two main sports bars, Blondie's and PBR Rock Bar, were packed.  We were really hungry by this time, so we stopped at Pampas.We were promptly seated at the very front/patio area of the restaurant.  The salad bar is all the way in the BACK of the restaurant.  My husband is disabled and walks with crutches, so I was already planning my strategy to get his plate and my plate all the way across the restaurant.  Our server arrived, noticed the crutches, and immediately asked if we would be ordering the salad bar and, if so, would we like to be seated closer?  This scored major points with me.  They actually opened a section for us to sit in, and we had it all to ourselves.We both ordered the surf and turf and hit the salad bar.  The only other churrascaria I have been to is Fogo de Chao, so that is where I will base my comparison.  The salad bar at Pampas is about 1/4 of the size of the one at Fogo.  I actually found this preferable as I remember being completely overwhelmed at Fogo.  The Pampas salad bar had a nice selection - jicama and citrus salad, Brazilian coleslaw, pasta salads, potato salads, hearts of palm salad and several others.  For a more traditional salad, there was an option of romaine or spring mix.  The romaine was dark green, crisp and fresh and the spring mix was equally fresh - not soggy at all.  All of the basic salad toppings were available and several dressing options were available.  My only complaint about the salad bar would be that the fresh mozzarella balls (presented with cherry tomatoes) were very bland.On to the main reason we were there...MEAT!  By the time I returned from the salad bar, the sirloin guy had already been by and had left a delicious slice of perfectly cooked, medium rare meat on my plate.  It was seasoned just right and very tasty.  I ended up eating A LOT of that sirloin.  There was also bacon-wrapped turkey (can't go wrong with anything wrapped in bacon!), Brazilian sausage, ham, BBQ chicken, BBQ pork and even pineapple!  All of the meat was well seasoned and well cooked.  I had noticed one of the menu options was a skirt steak with chimichurri.  I asked our server if I could get a side of chimichurri and she was happy to oblige.  She let me know it would take a few minutes because they make it fresh for each order.  It came out a couple minutes later and was delicious!  The "surf" part of the surf and turf was ok.  When you order the surf and turf they bring a platter of seafood to the table and let you know you can order more of anything.  The inital platter includes grilled shrimp, scallops, salmon and the fresh catch of the day (not sure what it was - I think it was grouper, which I don't care for).  The shrimp were small but tasty, the salmon was well cooked and made even better by the provided soy ginger glaze.  I didn't try the catch of the day.  The scallops were very small and not very good....can't quite put my finger on it, but I ate one and didn't want anymore.  Overall, I would say save a few dollars and just get the meat.There was a woman who was around during our entire visit...I believe she was either the owner or the general manager.  She stopped by our table to make sure we were satisfied and talked to us a little about the restaurant.  I commented on the chimichurri and she stated that everything is made fresh, in house.  In fact, I had noticed a window into the kitchen while I was at the salad bar where I could see people making all of the salad bar items.  Anyway, I always appreciate when I am in a restaurant and the owner or manager is interested enough in making sure the guests are happy that they stop by and chat.When we checked in to our hotel, the concierge gave us two $5 off coupons for Pampas.  I am sure we will be using those before we leave Vegas at the end of the week.  At $19.99 for the meat-only option, its hard to beat for lunch.  If you go for dinner, it is more than double the price ($41.95 for meat only) but they add tenderloin, tri-tip beef, and lamb.  I have to admit...I am tempted.
3	I had high expectations but although the salad bar was full of high quality items, the barbecue offerings were few and far between.  Staff weren't very friendly or helpful.
3	I just happened to be in Vegas this new year and since I saw this place in the past i decided to try it. Salad bar is ok, the meats a bit too salty and really raw (bloody) but I was surely disappointed with the service. Waitress show up only 3 times, when we first sat at the table, when she brought us the drinks and when she gave us the check!, I have to literally ask the servers to bring the meats to our table since the seem to just pas us by, I guess the just want you to eat from the salad bar :( In other words, the price service/quality ratio is not good at all
1	During our weekend trip to Vegas, my husband and I were craving Brazilian and decided to see what Vegas had to offer. The other Brazilian restaurants (Texas de Brazil and Sampa), which both had higher ratings on Yelp than Pampas, had 1 1/2 hour wait times. Pampas did not have any wait time and despite its 3 1/2 star review, we thought, how could you go wrong with Brazilian? Well, let me count the ways...1. They stuck us in the far back corner of the room, which I was ok with at first since  we had a 15 month old with us, but when the meat guys (not sure what they're called) systematically avoided our table, that was strike 1 for us...2. Ok, so the meat guys finally made it to our table, but guess which one kept coming to our table again and again. The LAMB guy. I mean, really. If we wanted lamb we would have gone to a Mediterranean restaurant or something. I mean, bring on the skirt steak and top sirloin. Enough with the lamb. 3. Except they didn't have any skirt steak. They did have something they called filet mignon, but to be honest, I've never had filet mignon that tasted like beef jerky. 4. But the REAL deal breaker for us...I mean the one that almost made us dine and dash, was their pan de quejio, if that's even what it was. They tasted more like dry biscuits from a fried chicken shop than those delightful little bursts of warm cheesiness we were anticipating. Pampas, we can forgive you for the filet mignon. We'll even forgive you for ignoring us. But when you mess with the pan de quejio, that's when you've crossed the line. F-!!
3	What are some of the biggest tourist attractions in the country? Times Square, Hollywood Blvd, and the Las Vegas Strip. What do they all have in common? Crap food served at chain restaurants. I don't understand why people travel thousands of miles and end up eating at a restaurant that has a location around the corner from their home. While checking out some show tickets we asked one of the employees about some good lunch places that are different than any chain restaurants. It was lunch so we were looking for something cheap, but tasty. The guy told us about a Brazilian restaurant called Pampas that's inside Planet Hollywood.It's no secret, the hotels on the Strip are massive and act like a maze in order to force you to walk past as many slots, tables, souvenir stands, and other money wasters as possible. It just so happened that Pampas is at the very end of Planet Hollywood. Nice.We were given coupons for $5 off which includes their salad lunch buffet and the meat rodizio. Normally this is $20 which is pretty cheap, but the coupon makes it even better. Our server gave us a green and red card thing and we were told to flip it to the green side when we get back from the buffet and the meat carvers will start making their rounds to our table.The "salad" buffet was amazing but it didn't have too much salad which is fine with me. There was a few different pastas, vegetables, cheeses, and a couple types of salad. I'm not going to lie though, my favorite thing at the buffet were the squares of feta cheese. I downed at least fifteen of those awesome squares of happiness. Also, they had slices of salami which were fantastic.I'm not much of a carnivore, but every time one of the meat carvers came over I got extremely happy. The choices included smoked ham, bar-b-q chicken, spicy chicken, bacon wrapped turkey, sausage, bar-b-q pork, and sirloin. The best ones in my opinion were the sirloin and sausage. I couldn't try the bacon wrapped turkey though because of my stupid allergies. Dumb. One other option they had was grilled pineapple which was just as delicious.This is definitely a restaurant that makes sure your tummy leaves happy. The "all you can eat" style usually fails miserably in regards to taste. However, Pampas seemed to excel higher than any other restaurant I've been to of its nature. We were so full when we finished that we all had to sit back and relax for a while before we started walking down the Strip again. I ate so much that I think I heard the chair crack a little before I stood up. Whoops!
1	I came here hungry for lunch with a few friends.  Being that we were in Vegas, we were expecting the food to be good.  Unfortunately, the service was slow and, for a while, there was only one man going around serving.  The "seafood" option was simply a plate of fried seafood (that came out cold), it wasn't exactly what was advertised, as we were under the impression it would be served out similarly to the meat.  And, though the meat was above mediocre, the lack of servers definitely put a damper on the meal.  Sadly enough, I was most pleased with the salad bar.To top it all off, our waitress was fairly rude and made comments under her breath about how our order came out wrong (as if it was our fault).  I'd suggest going elsewhere -- with the amount of money you would spend there, you could go to a lunch buffet at Bellagio!It is possible I feel this way just because I've been to other Brazilian restaurants, so I know what the experience should be like.  Regardless, I'd say save your money for food the you can count on being delicious.
1	Pampas...or more like pompous.....my waiter was extremely pompous. His name was Andres. I wanted to try their 5.99 steak and eggs special because it was plastered all over the Miracle Mile Shops. However, it was really disappointing. I rarely ate meat these days and I was hoping it would be somewhat decent. It was actually not good. It was somewhat tolerable by A1 sauce. Also, it came with small potatoes and a meager portion of eggs. I really wanted only egg whites but they wanted to upcharge me 1.99 if I did so. Damn, no wonder, there was not much egg to begin with on the plate. It was not worth the 5.99 plus tax and tip.
2	I only gave them 2 stars because I've been to a ton of Brazilian grills and this one for the $$ price was not up to par especially when I've been to ones that are half the price and are spot on! The salad bar didn't have a very good selection, we went on a Friday night and there were bins that simply didn't have any food in them to start with and our server wasn't very nice or on point. I've always told myself when writing a review I'll be honest no matter what and this is the honest truth.
2	Possibly one of the worst Brazilian steakhouses I ever been to with prices equal to the best known ones like fogo de chou and platforms.  Insufficient selection of rodizio and runners with skewers.  Save your money and eat elsewhere in Vegas.
5	Loved loved loved this place. Expensive but sooo worth it! We both ordered the meat rodizio. The meat guys were around often and it was fun to try different things. Our favorite meats were the spiced chicken, bacon wrapped turkey, and pork.  The seasons are on the outside of the meat before they cut it off the skewers.  Be sure to cut bites so you get the seasoning otherwise the meats pretty normal. The grilled pineapple was something sweet to breakup all the meat.    We also liked the "salad" bar. Not much average salad stuff, but lots of yummy pasta salads, heart of palm, artichoke, smoked salmon. Even the ice tea was amazing! If you like to try new things, this is the place to go. Don't bother with the chocolate cake though... it was dry and boring. We went at about 5:30pm. We were seated right away and the service was great.
1	Bad sign when only two tables are being served in the middle of the evening but it was my husbands night to choose...I got the seafood...my meats were not seasoned or cooked enough my scallops on the other hand could have bounced down the street....the service was poor and the price is way too high for the type of product they offer.....this place is good for the typical over eater who just likes a mass amount of meat.
2	Was given a coupon to this place by one of the numerous trolls they pay to pass fliers out on The Strip. The coupon was 'buy one dinner get another free which the coupon says would be 31.95 instead of 60+ dollars so long as you buy 2 soft drinks. That sounded like a pretty good deal. So we schlep on over to the restaurant. We get seated and looking over the menu notice that  perhaps the advertised deal was not what it seems. Dinner for one is 60+ so the deal now seams to be buy 1 dinner for 51.95 plus drinks to get the other free. For that price, I could have gone to the Wynn or similar casino and had dinner at the name chef restuarants.... just saying.I call the waitress over and ask her about the coupon to which she replies '"a lot of people think that it's 31.95 plus two drinks but it's actually 51.95". Now, my command of English is pretty good if I may say so myself, and having been to Law School and all that, I think intelligent enough. So it seems to me that they deliberately mislead people as to what the price will be and hope that once you get there you'll be too embarrased or resigned to leave. So I LEFT.Funny though, that the same restuarant also has a breakfast special of 5.95 for steak, 2 eggs, breakfast potatoes and a pastry, yet want to charge 51.95 for their dinner. Uh, OK. In the Las Vegas magazines, the place is rated $$ which seems a bit inaccurate too.
1	You know how they always say there's a first time for everything? Well, two days ago it was the first time I had ever walked out of restaurant. We made reservations for 6:30pm. We checked in and were told the wait would be 5-10 minutes later. Twenty minutes later after watching group after group check in (they were also being told that the wait was 5-10 minutes), I walked up to the counter and asked how much longer we would have to wait. I stated that I had a reservation and the hostess said, " yes, so does everyone else". Since I had been sitting there listening and watching who was coming in I knew that no one else had reservations at check in. A couple ahead of us left because they were tired of waiting and had show tickets. That bumped us up. We were seated next to an empty table which had been dirty for the whole time we had been waiting. As we sat there waiting for a waiter/waitress we noticed that only 2 servers were walking around with their swords of meat. Five minutes later after no one came to our table, we realized that our dinner was going to be horrible. We got up, left, no one even noticed. We had been here once before and we returned hopeful to receive the same service as before. Obviously overwhelmed by the large crowd, it was very frustrating to watch the hostess lie to each group that came in. It's bad business to blatantly lie about the wait time in order to keep their customers. We weren't the only ones complaining and many people were unhappy. Will not try again. I don't recommend this restaurant at all.
1	Beware of false advertising scam with this restaurant.  We were given a coupon for a buy one Sirloin Strip Steak with fried shrimp and get one free for $29.99 all you can eat.  When we got to the restaurant, we were told the price was $29.99 each as the original price was $58 per person.  We left and ate somewhere else.  It was a total rip-off with questionable advertising practices.  Don't know how they get away with it.  I am a professional person and I know how to read and it clearly stated $29.99 with the purchase of two beverages. We left without every getting to a table once we knew this was a scam.
3	Came here for the 5.99 steak and eggs. You get two slices of steak, eggs any way you like, country potatoes and a slice of orange. It was okay. You didn't really get a steak. It was more like steak strip pieces. You're better off getting steak and eggs at the golden nugget. They didn't wipe down the table very well, it was sticky from the last customers. The service was a bit slow, they sat us outside so they could have forgotten to check up on us.
2	I can't speak for lunch or dinner, but I would not sugget you stop here for breakfast. I had the 5.99 steak and egg special. Th steak was two sliced stripes of steak, so you can hardly call it a steak. the potatoes were country potatoes and they were too hard. The best part of the meal were the eggs. The tables wasn't wipped down properly and my arm kept getting stuck on the sticky table.
1	This place is slow... took us 10 minutes to have a waitress come and get our order.  My drink has been empty for 15 minutes.  When the food comes around it is very good.
2	Not a fan. Maybe I have been spoiled with Fogo de Chao and Gaucho's Village in LA. But i have also been to smaller brazilian steakhouses and experienced much better. We came in with a reservation late on a saturday night. We were seated right away. We went with the Rodizio which is the all you can eat churrasco with the salad bar. I don't know if it was because it was late at during the night but it wasn't like the place was empty and people were continuing to come in through out our stay. The 'gaucho's' took FOREVER to come out. I mean, they were nowhere in sight.They finally came by with some filet mignon with parmesan cheese. It was good but nothing special. Interesting flavor but nothing to rave about. They then brought some ham which the bf said was good. I had some brazilian sausage that was good. They kept bringing out the filet mignon and i wanted some picanha, some lamb.... something they did not bring until 45 minutes- 1 hour that we had been there. By that time, appetite was gone. Still tried some of the picanha but it was meh. They also did not ask how we wanted it (medium- medium rare, etc) which is not a requirement but I have always been asked that at churrascarias. Pan de queijo was pretty good, and since the meat took so long, we filled up on that. Good, but not worth a 40+ dollar meal for cheese bread!Service by our waiter was decent and we came in with a restaurant.com coupon which always helps. Still, with so many good options in vegas, I am not coming back.
3	My husband and I had a complimentary dinner here ...for the most part. It's a typical Brazilian meat fest. I wouldn't say it's the best ...I liked Via Brasil Steakhouse better. My reasoning behind this is because they didn't have fresh sides that they bring to your table like Via Brasil Steakhouse that came with the buffet. The plantains here looked mushy and old and there were not a lot of dipping sauces for the meat. The meat was okay but in order to enjoy it I think there has to be exciting side dishes to compliment the meal.The side dishes were okay ...I found myself gravitating towards their bread the most. I think the bread was the best thing out of the whole meal!
5	Pampas is so yummy! This is a must go when you're in Vegas. All of the meats are so good. They also have a very good salad bar that has yummy fried bananas. They just melt in your mouth. It's not that expensive when you compare it to the Pampas that is in Los Angeles. In LA they charge you per pound of food that you purchase. So it easily could add up to $20 per meal. At least in Vegas it's all you can eat.
2	Disclaimer: I have eaten at Fogo de Chao before.My group got a discount for this place from the half-price ticket booth.  I was immediately suspicious of this place after taking a seat.  Our table was completely packed into a small dining space.  I felt like I was in a high school cafeteria. I realized that this place was working off of volume - likely driven by the coupon we and likely most of the guests had.  I asked my group if we should take off, telling them that we should not expect a fantastic meal.Unfortunately we decided to stay.  The meats were extremely sub-par,  the Sirloin and Filet were chewy and grained with fat.  The salad bar was uninspiring, and the service stretched across all of the guests packed into the restaurant.If you have eaten at Fogo de Chao before, do not come here.
3	It was pleasant.  Simple ambiance.  The food was overall fantastic.  Sirloin hit the spot for sure.  Nothing like all you can eat MEAT, right?  The side selection presentation wasn't so great but then again, it's Vegas i guess.  Would go back but as always, bring your appetite!
1	My bf and I dined here this past weekend on Saturday night after we got discount coupons.  We were excited that we got the coupons and it was for a churrascaria.  We've been to a few churrascarias in San Francisco, New York and Rio de Janeiro so it being Las Vegas we assumed it would be just as tasty.  This place was the worst churrascaria ever.  All the meats were very dry and bland.  The pork was all fat I couldn't even eat it and the sides selection was minimal.  But even before all of that we had a reservation and they still made us wait about 20 min before getting seated and when we got seated we waited another 10 min before we were acknowledged.  So yes the service was bad.  I would never recommend this place! Stay away it's horrible!
4	I am due to be married next year and my fiance and I saw this place on our chapels website as a reception option, so prior to us going to vegas, I looked at the review on here and saw that they were avg 3. I was hesitant about trying it but after getting to vegas my fiance and I quickly noticed that you can get awesome deal through Tix4Tonight booths located up and down the strip, since we were able to get a good coupon (pretty much by1 get1 free), the coupon cuts the price down by 1/2 (orig-$43/cupon $25)Mind you when we got the tickets the people said that it was a most awesome place to eat and sundays were to do it since their volume is minimal. So we made a reservation for 5pm and promptly were seated when we arrived 15 min early. the waitress we had was such a sweetheart she told us how our coupon worked and what we were in for 11 different meats! There is a yes/no indicator on ur desk so when the dervers come around with the meat they can see wether or not u want some or not. So we went to the salad bar, im pretty picky when it comes to some things so although there was much variety some things were intresting...to say the least althought the fried bannanas were delish! And the sauted carrotsmmm! After we got back to our desks the first person came around with sausage and turkey wrapped in bacon, the bacon was a little salty but good none the less. After that was lamb, i recommend it with the sauce its like a vinagrette delish! After that was tenderloin, roast beef, fliet minon(sp?) One thing I didnt like was the fact that we didnt get the chicken to the very end, they came around 2-3 times with same meat options and we would say no cause we were waiting for the chicken, so finally when we were almost to our limit here came the chicken and it was magnificent! it was like a spicy and you get a whole breast piece. So after we ate, we counted back and noticed we werent offered al the meats but oh well what are you gonna do, gotta leave some for next time i suppose. But I recommend this place just go get a discounted ticket first! Its worth it! Definitly an option for our up-coming reception
5	We had a breakfast and dinner their with friend and family and everyone enjoyed them.  The salad bar is good and fresh.  The people are friendly and they keep coming back for more meats if we want more.  We would go back again for sure :0)
4	$5.95 Steak and Eggs breakfast.  That's right it was good and included two eggs, any style, potatoes, orange wedge, and pineapple upside down pastry.  This is in the Miracle Mile shops adjacent to Planet Hollywood.
3	We went to Pampas Brazilian Steakhouse for Mother's day this year.  My family and I have been to several Brazilian steakhouses so we were looking forward to eating here.  This is probably my least favorite so far.  Only reason I say this is because it feels more like a buffet versus a Brazilian steakhouse.  If I had to grade the entire experience:Atmosphere: CWhen I first walked by the patio seating and saw the bar, I thought this looked like an attractive restaurant.  However, we were sat in this large room with at ton of tables and other patrons.  Everyone is going to the salad area to get food so it feels really busy.  This made it feel even more like we had gone to a buffet/cafeteria.  It was definitely lacking in intimacy.  Wait Staff: B-The men who came with the meat swords were all very attentive.  However, our main waitress seemed bored when she came to our table.  It was like she was disinterested with us.Food: A- The food was all really good.  I enjoyed everything I tried from the buffet salad area.  My favorite meat had to be the top sirloin.   Price: Average (in comparision to other Brazilian steakhouses)Will we go back?  All of us agreed it was fun to come to Planet Hollywood and try a new place.  It's one of those places you enjoyed having a meal at but won't run back to eat there again.
3	On one hand, I was pleased with the meats and the salad bar was fine.  The price was definitely in line with similar places.  On the other hand, the service was awful.  I know that's a thing in tourist towns like Vegas and New Orleans in general.  But, even compared to other places in town, the service is bad.  Not so much from the guys bringing the skewers of meat.  How can you not like those guys?  They show up with a smile and food?But the main waiter seemed completely disinterested.  He tried to sell us a bottle of wine for $30 with his strong recommendation, and once we declined I don't think I saw him again for an hour.  We had to ask the manager to get our drinks refilled.  We eventually complained about having to wait for the bill.  We were offered free dessert--and then charged for it until we complained.  And while the manager apologized for the poor service, never once did the waiter mention it or offer an explanation.  They were kind of busy, but not slammed by any means.  I swear, he just seemed irked that we didn't buy the bottle of wine.There are other places in town offering the same basic deal (Texas de Brazil, for one) and the service was better and the overall class was a step up.Again, there was nothing wrong with the food--it was priced similar to the competition and very good.  It was just the attitude of the people working there.
3	Girlfriends and I all ordered the Surf and Turf Rodizio (excluding one who ordered the Seafood Rodizio). Both are AYCE with access to the side bar which has rice, soups, vegetables, mashed potatoes, salads, etc. In my opinion, the side bar was a bit mediocre. I was expecting more things, but what they provided weren't bad. The meat and seafood were delicious (BBQ pork, grilled chicken, smoked ham and pineapple, Brazilian sausage and turkey wrapped in bacon). It was my friend's birthday so they were nice enough to provide a free cheesecake. All in all, this was my first time trying Brazilian BBQ and it wasn't bad!
3	We stumbled upon this restaurant after reviewing "happy hours" in town. We loved how quickly we were seated but there was no one there. The happy hour specials where fine but we ordered Wings and Taquitos and the taquitos were weird. They are not your normal mexican taquito. Too fat, with mascerated, dry chicken and a thin flour skin on the outside. I thought the wings were kind of dry too. We paid $16 for two appetizers and drinks, so it was worth it, but barely.
2	We bought a dinner from Viva las Vegas who told us the normal price was 65$ and they could get it for 40$. Little did we know that the original price was 43$.  We were told that we could get everything for that 40$ discount. When we arrived at Pampas, the staff was nice. We finally sat down and we showed our coupon/receipts to the waitress. She was confused. Then we asked for the Manager. He said he didn't see a lot of these coupons and told us that the normal price to include seafood was 53$ total. Viva Las Vegas got their prices wrong, or else the Pampas people gave them wrong information to suck in newly weds. We told the Manager we were given wrong information about the total, and what he did next was a total bummer. Meanwhile, it took almost a half an hour to just get drinks. We didn't see food or the waitress until the manager could fix this situation. The manager told us he would charge us an extra 20$ only, for the seafood, which we had to ask for three times, and eventually, at the end of the meal, the seafood came when we were all finished.The Food was still amazing, and the meat was delish. However, the waitress was not accomidating at all.  My Brother handed her a tip of 20$ to cover the drinks.  She then went to get our bill, and added another 20$ gratuity to the bill.  So my new wife spoke with her, told her to put the 20$ she was just given to cover the tip. The waitress was obvoisly upset about not doubling her tip.  I wouldn't have given her a tip at all due to the service we received.
3	We picked this place because...#1 we love Brazilian & #2 we had a discount from last minute tickets.  My husband and I ate at this place expecting a similar experience from other Brazilian places we have been too but that wasn't the case, I will but say it's horrible but they played it safe with the meats...others places have offered us alligator, chicken hearts...and here we had none of that. We were offered alot of beef but who can a argue with that right? Now the thing about it, is that we were impressed alot more with the salad bar...the roasted vegetables were delish and these cheese biscuits they had were incredible.If you eat here, get the discounts that you pay $3 per person at Last Minute tickets. It will save you $$$ and that way you won't be disappointed.I'm giving this place 3 stars because of the raspberry mojitos, cheese breads, and salad bar that had so yummy Brazilian side dishes. I just hope that they get riskier with the proteins
1	Not to sound overdramatic, but this was one of the most disappointing dining experiences ever.  My friends and I went for breakfast on a recent trip to Vegas.  I ordered the smoked salmon platter, which, according to the menu, came with cream cheese and a bagel, along with the normal toppings like capers and onion.  Pretty standard, right? When my meal arrived, however, it actually came with not a bagel, but a MINI bagel.  I'm not exaggerating, the bagel was approximately the same width as the sliced romaine tomato. Considering it was a $10 breakfast, I expected a normal-sized bagel.  Or at the very least, it would have been nice for our server to warn me in advance. Oh, and there was a 20 minute wait to be seated even though the restaurant was not busy at all, and it took us about an hour to get out of there once we were seated because the service was incredibly slow. And the coffee was disgusting. Run, don't walk, away from this place!
3	Reasonable decent, nothing bad, but nothing that was outstanding. I used a Groupon so really hard to complain about the price.  Normal price $43.95 is a reasonable value if you are hungry. Nice location for those staying central strip. There at least two other Portuguese Radizio places in town which I think are better
4	I recently dined at Pampas Grille and the food was excellent. I was so pleased by the service, they were all johnny on the spot with the meat and the re-fills on the drinks. Our waiter, Marco was very charming and personable along with his excellent service. I rarely ever take the time to do reviews, but with our service from Marco and the rest of the people that worked there, they deserve all shining stars!
4	I went here with a couple of girlfriends to come in and have a good time & see what Brazilian style steak was all about. The result was a friendly staff, great food, wonderful service, attentive meat servers, and overall nice atmosphere. One of the meat servers even went to the salad bar and grabbed us more of what we wanted so we didn't have to get up! I thought that was very nice to please their guests and make them feel more welcome. Marco was our server and he was informative, helpful and explained everything beforehand since it was our first visit. He made the dinner even better because he engaged us and was so funny. After 2 hours of eating, we finally called it quits and left very happy!!
2	If you have tried Texas De Brazil, don't even attempt to compare it to Pampas. I was sorely disappointed with Pampas. The meats were average and they didn't come around to our table as often as others, and the salad bar was a joke. It felt like cafeteria food. They claim to be a true Brazilian steakhouse, but all the main Brazilian fare was so underwhelming. What was most disappointing was the service. I can get over the bad food, but the service ruined the entire night. We were seated in the center section and there was only one server working the entire thing...there had to be at least 15 tables she was serving. It took 35 minutes just to get our check and no one even asked about our experience. My advice: spend a little extra money and go to Texas De Brazil!!!
2	Ate here on Saturday with a groupon and gotta agree with Lauren M. If you want good Brazilian BBQ just go to Texas de Brazil. Its not that this place is bad, its just put to shame by Texas de Brazil. Atmosphere here is more like buffet, while TdB is upscale restaurant. You could impress a date at TdB not Pampas. Service was about equal, but i don't ask for much at Brazilian BBQ, just stop by with meats frequently and don't leave me waiting when I am ready to go. Both places accomplished that. Ultimately the meat is what really differentiates the star status for these to for me. TdB just seemed fresher and better cooked. Most of my meats were overcooked at Pampas here. At TdB the meat guys (is that what they are called? Eh I'll go with it) at least tell you if meat is cooked med. rare, med. or well done. At Pampas i was left guessing with most of them seeming well done, while I am a medium rare fan. The only thing cooked proper to me was Pampas's Sirloin. The filet, lamb and everything else was all over cooked. Also Salad bar is better at TdB. I would say it was worth the discounted price with groupon but I would not pay full price when i could add a couple bucks more to go to Texas de Brazil.
3	I have been to quite a few Brazilian restaurants with the churrascaria meal options so my sights might be set higher than most.  This place does the job, but it is no Fogo De Chao.  There was a lack of variety in the salad bar and the meat selection seemed less diverse than other places.  They also sat us in the corner near the bar, which was fine, but we were the only table having the churrascaria  option, so the servers took their time in getting to us.
3	came here on the last day of vegas... just to get their steak & eggs... i thought it was pretty good .. portions were small though, i believe... i forget, but not bad :)
1	Over priced, Rude staff and a total waste of time and money.My biggest problem was we had a reservation for 10 and we waited 30 minutes and they gave us a table for 7. Then we waited another 20 minutes to finally get the table size we requested. Our waiter kept tacking things on the the bill because since we were such a big group he got a 20% gratuity auto-manically.  Them we waited 30 minutes for our appetizers and another 30 for our entrees. TOTAL WASTE OF TIME.
2	**Summary**       - Quality - Perhaps I got a bad piece, but the meat quality of my rib eye        - Value - Save the Pork Ribs, the value of this place is horrendous. I paid $40 for a steak that I could easily find for $15 elsewhere. No wonder they're always having deals on Restaurant.com or Groupon.       - Rodizio - Though I didn't get the rodizio dinner, from the looks of the meats passing by, the selection is limited compared to Via Brasil. With the same price as Via Brasil, the service and ambiance is reminiscence of your local Applebees than a fine dining establishment.**Price**       - $11.95 Malagueta Pork Ribs       - $39.95 Rib Eye Steak**Ordered**       - Malagueta Pork Ribs - 4 succulent pork ribs over a bed of black beans and rice. It was slightly crispy on the outside  and juicy on the inside. The flavor was delightfully sweet and salty. If you're looking for a small meal, this would be the perfect choice.       - Rib Eye Steak - The steak comes with their Buffet Bar that's priced at $24.95. The Buffet Bar is definitely not worth that much. I'd say $10 at most. I ordered the steak medium rare and it came out as so, but it wasn't tender at all. Somehow they managed to make the steak as hard as if it were cooked well done, while having a pink center.**Recommendations**       - I wouldn't recommend this place at all. Rodizio wise, Via Brasil is definitely a better choice. Steak wise, there are so many actual steak houses where you'd pay the same price and get way better cuts of meats cooked right.
2	I'm a big fan of churrascarias (once in a while) and was really excited that the Marriott Grand Chateu gave me two $10 off coupons for Pampas which was located across the street in the Miracle Mile shops.As soon as we walked in though I felt like I was walking into a Soup Plantation or something. The tables didn't have table cloths and the dining area felt like a cafeteria. The salad bar was okay and I can't put my finger on it but felt much cheaper than others I've been to, and the meat was good but not great.Pet peeve: We had the card on the red (aka don't serve us) side for the latter half of the meal yet the servers kept stopping by to try to give us meat. Even with the $10 off each the meal was way overpriced for what we got.Food: OkayService: OkayLocation: Convenient in the mallAmbiance: Not greatValue: Overpriced
2	What can I say positive here.  We were seated right away. Went at 9pm on a Sunday night.  Not too crowded but had to wait about 5 minutes or more just to have someone come and take a drink order or offer water.  This place is not concerned with service at all. Decor was okay but you are seated really close to other people and there wasn't a lot of room if you are making trips to the salad bar.We had questions about the menu.  They do a table side sliced meat deal... they call it a "parade of meats".  They run between $48.95 to $54.95 including their "50 item hot and cold salad bar".  The rest of the menu was priced high too.  Funny thing about the service... when the came to offer my husband his first "slice of meat"... he didn't even have a plate... when we asked about getting a plate... they told him he had to go get one at the salad bar.  REALLY... you want to charge someone $48.95 for a meal and you have to go get your own plate.  WHAT???  (okay, so we had a $10 off coupon but still... if I am paying $$$$ for a meal.. I want real service)I had the boulliabase (small over cooked split lobster tails, about 6 shrimp and a lot of mussels over pasta in a broth) which also came with the all you can eat salad bar ($39.95).  Over all... was only mediocre and I ddin't even take my unfinished pasta back to our place.Mhusband had the "meat parade"  which included pork tenderloin, tri tip which he like, filet (parmesean crusted), a dried out chicken thigh, ham, sirloin, and some bacon wrapped turkey I think.  My kids had the sirloin and the tenderloin (around $35 each as well).  Even with coupons, $150 for 4 people, no desert and only one glass of wine... so not worth it.
2	Take your money to Texas De Brazil...the food, ambiance, and service is ten-folds better there. We only dined here because we had a coupon for 'buy one get one free'.  Having had used the coupon, we still felt a little ripped off for what we paid. The food was bland and overly salty.  The selection at the salad bar was not really a selection at all. We paid extra to get seafood along with our dinners, but the only thing we sort-of liked was the skewered shrimps. Don't spring for the unlimited seafood and churrascaria,..the seafood is not worth the extra money at all.  Our waiter was non-attentive, we actually had to flag him down to get our check and have him take our payment.  I would've been upset if we did not have our 'buy one get one free' coupon. Take your money to Todai next door....although I have not tried this Todai...I still think it would be a better bet than Pampas. It was not worth the money at all.
1	I've been lucky enough to experience two other superb churrascaria to know that Pampas Churrascaria is no good. First of all, the benefit of going to a churrascaria is to be able to sample many many different types of meat. I honestly feel like at Pampas, they only have about 5-- that is including the grilled pineapple. None of the meats were top quality like what I've previously experienced and they have no chicken hearts!! Bleh. We also ordered the seafood option as well and it's pretty much as bad as the meat. The scallops and shrimp were tasteless, ahi tuna overcooked and the rest of the platter left me feeling unappetized. The pitcher of sangria we ordered can hardly pass for sangria. With no fruits in it and no fruity taste, it fell short of being just cheap wine.Lucky for us, our friend had a coupon for $100 off. We all ended up paying short of $50 each which is not bad for a churrascaria but I will never come back to Pampas again.
4	I had the 5.95 steak & eggs breakfast special at Pampas in Planet Hollywood this morning.  The steak was great!  Just a little rawer than I requested.  Other than that the service was the highlight of my meal!  My server was Nicki and she was excellent.  Very attentive & funny.  She was delightful!  Anytime I go back I will be requesting her service.
5	We had a great visit at Pampas on July 2nd. When we arrived we were greeted by two very nice hostess and seated right after. As soon as we sat down our server greeted us. He provided great service and recommend the Sangria. The Sangria is very good!!!! The food at this place was great and the salad bar has a ton of great items!!! The cheese bread is the best!! They have a great choice of meats and they just keep on coming. I fell in LOVE with the Spinach Ranch Dressing they have at the salad bar and the manager (Teresa) was so great and provided me with some to go. We visited this restaurant because I had purchased A Groupon, but I can honestly say that I will return and bring friends and family!! The food is great and the staff at this place is EXCEPTIONAL!!!!We will be back in Vegas mid August and plan to return and check out the $5.99 breakfast deal!!!!
3	We actually came for their 8:00-11:30AM $5.99 breakfast, but unfortunately missed it. So we did their promo special for AYCE for $19.99.  I would definitely come back to try their breakfast with steak and eggs!! Although this is not Agora, it was pretty good all you can eat Churrascaria!  Their sides were a bit disappointing, as I was hoping for more.  We got the surf and turf buffet - The grilled shrimp was just okay.  Knowing what I know now, I would probably just order the meats without paying the extra for the shrimps because it wasn't worth it.  Their meats were nicely favored, but it wasn't amazing.  I have to admit that I really did enjoy their roasted pineapple - it was a nice in between meats!  Service was excellent - our server was a super nice older gentlemen! Overall, I'm looking forward to returning for their breakfast special!
3	Again I read the reviews before I went there for a business dinner w/ a bunch of colleagues. My expectations were low, but I had a slide hope as I enjoyed Pampas in Palo Alto before and this was a great experience.We had to wait for our table to become ready. Waiting time was OK, as we had to wait for two more colleagues anyhow. After getting to our table the waiter explained the food and tried to upsell to include seafood. We had to order ice-water extra. The meat comes not on a regular basis, sometimes we have to ask for more. The quality was OK and there were lots of variations/For Las Vegas and the pricing IMHO it's OK to give 3 stars.
4	This place is a little hidden but this place is pretty good. Its located in planet hollywood. My friends and I got the all you can eat bbq. It was $19.99 and with tax and tip for 11 people, I paid $27.My favorite is the pork! SO SOFT AND TENDER AND JUICY! YUMMMMThe beef is good too, but the pork was the best! I also liked the pineapples! They slice the pineapple at the table and its so warm, sweet, and juicy! I also really loved the salad bar because it came with a lot of different varieties of veggies. :) They also served turkey wrapped in bacon and some brazillian sausage, but those were just whatever. The ham was not one of my favorites because it was so salty. I also tried their raspberry mojito and it was so bomb. They actually crush whole raspberries because you can see it in your drink! It was so refreshing and cooling. The perfect compliment to your meat :)
5	OMG the lobster tail and the scallops wrapped in bacon were SOOO good!!!!! all the food looked and smelled delicious!!!
2	For a place being famous for their meat...it didn't live up to par.  I ordered the Rib Eye and it was really dry and flavorless.  I understand the Ribeye is a fattier cut but my piece was over 50% fat.  bleh. In addition, my Medium Rare was VERY rare.  On the side note, the fries here are great! ironic, everything I liked at this dinner was non-brazillian related. Some of our party opted for the all you can eat bbq but everyone wasn't feeling too great 30 minutes after our meal. The highlight of the meal was their grand salad bar. Not only salads but had many sides. My favorite was actually the mini baby back ribs and corn cheese bread. I felt like I should of skipped the $40 steak and just opted for the all you can salad bar. Tip: they have restauarant.com or if you have the Planet Hollywood Hotel Chain players card - they will give you 10% off your bill.
1	Worst service in the PH. We sat there for 15 min before she took our order. Only one other party of three in the whole area. The food was not that good and way overpriced for what you get. Then the last straw was when I had to refill my own glass because our waitresses just left and nobody explained where she went. Took another 20 min to get I our checks and she got pissed when we wanted it split three ways. Never again will I eat there.
3	I went for lunch with a voucher for Tix4Tonight which is the equivalent of the $5 off coupons you find everywhere.Sounds like a great bargain until you realize that the beef is pretty much all sirloin. You can buy a lot of sirloin for $20... That much said, I did like the meat and the sausage in particular. I definitely could have done without any of the chicken. Salad bar is decent with french onion and clam chowder in the soup bar. Fried bananas make for a decent dessert.Definitely not in the same league as Fogo de Chao and other Churrascarias, but OK for the price and location.
4	AMAZING.Non-stop bar-b-que.  Meat is cooked just right, not too burned. The sea food is decent, but the bar-b-que part is amazing.  Deserts are bomb too, probably one of my favorite resaurants in vegas.  Isn't too expensive either, and they have a yelp $5 off.  YUMM
4	They told us sodas were free with the Explorer Pass, then charged us.  They did remove the charge when we told them, though.  Also it took them 15-30 minutes to bring out our dessert and it wasn't a particularly busy night.  We thought they had forgotten about us!  The salad bar was excellent though, as was the tea.
5	We had a small intimate wedding in Vegas on 8/20/11 and decided to have our reception at Pampas. We had planned this about 6 months in advance with their event coordinator, Jasmine. She was very helpful. The day of the reception, everything went smooth and we were very impressed. The decorations were done well, and our wedding cake was made in-house and it was a 3-tier cake and was huge. We were very impressed with the cake. We had eaten here previously so we already knew how the food was, but our guests praised them. We had about 60 people. All in all our reception was done well and I would not hesitate to eat here again or use them for a family gathering/event.
4	The customer service here was exceptional!  the saff was extremely friendly and attentive, even on a busy Friday night.  The servers kept coming around with skewers of meat until we were STUFFED!  The food in the buffet area was also excellent.  We especially loved the tempura vegetables, fresh mozzerellas, fresh biscuits, and soups.  The coleslaw is also yummy with pineapple mixed in. I recommend looking for the showgirl handing out the coupons not too far from the restaurant entrance in Planet Hollywood.  The coupon saves you almost 50% per adult and it is good for your whole party.The only reason I did not give it 5 stars was because the shrimp we receive was overcooked and the filet mignon was too well done.  However, everything else was excellent.  We travel to Vegas quite often and we will most certainly be back!The Vegas guides give this restaurant a $$.  However, at $35+ per person with coupon, $60+ without, I would give it a $$$.
3	Pampas is an ok churrascaria located in Planet Hollywood.  The meat buffet was $42.95, which is what we had, and it includes 10 meats.  There is a meat plus seafood buffet for something like $50.  I found the best and tastiest meats to be the pork loin and the picanha steak.  The meats weren't overly salty like some lower grade churrascari can be.  Some novelties included grilled pineapple (nice!), bacon wrapped turkey, and Brazilian deep fried chicken.  There's no comparison to say a Fogo de Chao, but it was plenty decent.  Water service by our server was very good and appreciated given the kind of meal we were having.
3	We decided to try out this Brazilian Steak House for my best friends birthday and were unfortunately unimpressed. It was not bad by any means, but we really expected more. Three of us got the endless meat dinners and the fourth got a filet minon meal. The meal was WAY better than any of the meat we got from the guys walking around with skewers, though the bacon wrapped turkey was VERY good. The service is really what was lacking. There are so many people walking around no one really pays attention to your drinks or if you need anything. On another note... if you are a lady don't plan on using the restroom unless you have a friend to hold the doors that do not lock...
4	You need to try their Meat Rodizio. I usually go for the Surf & Turf but was not looking to eat absurd amounts of seafood this go-around, plus Yelp Check-In had a $5-10 off special for the Meat. SUPERB.The parmesan filet mignon and the lamb were incredible. In addition, the pasta salad and the fried bananas were amazing. If only this place were cheaper, but after all it is Vegas, and I did go for dinner.I will definitely come back here again. :)
2	This location pales in comparison to the one in Palo Alto, CA.For the same price, you get less variety of meat, worse quality, longer wait time, worse side buffet choices.
2	We have several great churrascarias to pick from back home in Dallas and I was excited to see what Vegas had to offer. Unfortunately this place was a disappointment. The selection and quality of both the meats and salad bar paled in comparison to what I was used to. The servers came by pretty infrequently and when they did finally come by the meat they had was often dry and tough. This would all be forgivable if the price was right but this place cost as much as the better churrascarias back home. Granted food in Vegas tends to be on the high side but even compared to midrange churrascarias in Dallas this place fell short. On the plus side, the drinks were good and strong and the wait staff attentive.
5	Made reservations via Yelp and was seated right on time. We had a group of ten and were seated in our own private room. Service was over the top and the meal was unbelievable. We all had the Meat Rodi's and had a coupon from Restaurant.com. Their salad bar was wonderful and the sangria was excellent.
4	Oh my have I become a FAN! To start off with I had no clue what I was Getting myself in to. Servers where generally Nice. Marco took well care of us. We got the Beef Special and well of course before they came around we got some of the sides that they offer and they are so delicious. Starting off  with the Cheese Bread and then moving on to there salad bar everything was divine. Just make sure you don't overfill on the side cause when the Meat comes around thats when the part starts!Trying the Meat we had 10 different kind to try from they just go around with it and give you a taste you can ask for how big of a size. I tried Lamb for the first time and that was so tender that Im a fan of lamb now. The roast beef the  bacon wraps man every thing was delicious from start to beginning. And then came the Pineapple. Oh how can a fruit taste so good when it is cooked. I just kept waiting for them to keep coming around for more.They also have Fried Plantains and they are so Creamy and melt in your mouth delicious. I cant stop talking about this place. I keep Raving to my friends. The overall experience the welcoming atmosphere just made it the that much better. I cant wait to eat it again! Absolutely Loved it!
1	The only thing that saved me from going postal on this place was the coupon, and the grilled pineapple.  The food was old and cold on the buffet, the meat was dry, the drinks were weak, the service was terrible, and the silverwear on the table was dirty while the management didn't care.  Will never recomend nor will I return.  Hope it shuts down soon!  Would have been more worth the money I spent to go to a fast food reasturant, or any other place in the mall.  Cuz this was bad!
2	The location was great, right on the strip. The ambience was nice too. The food, though, was a little disappointing. We opted for the rodizio and they served things like turkey and pineapple. Not an authentic brazilian churrascaria. The food wasn't bad, it just wasn't authentic and unique as I had expected. Also, It was a bit pricey, I guess because of the location.
5	Not entirely sure why this is 3 stars. I think it's delicious. The meat rodizio is amazing. Staff was kind and funny too. Definitely coming back here when I go to Vegas again.
3	Rompah-and-a-StompahI'm all for endless meat!! Yes, it even makes me do a little dance when it's crazy delicious. Though Pampas does not come close to my favorite Churrascaria it sure did hit the spot for our first Vegas dinner of our poppin' weekend! Highlights & Low-lights:*The service was a little spotty yet descent *The "gauchos" don't come around as much as I'd  like. I guess its because not everyone does the all you can eat. *Side/Salad bar was fair with a variety of different meat accompaniments*YAYs: Filet Mignon (to die for), Top Sirloin, Pineapple, & fried plantains!*For whatever reason I got a lot of fatty pieces of meat :(*Their meat needs more seasoning, damnit (and I despise salt)*Seafood options!!This place is alright. I wouldn't mind coming back here if someone suggests it. A-OK for you Pampas!
2	This review is for breakfast: Steak and Eggs is a good deal. The taste was okay. A nice sized portion, could have done with a biscuit instead of a muffin. The steak was a bit flavorless and rough (I asked for medium-well). A far as the meal goes, good price, but lacks some flavor. Service was okay. The table and surrounding area was a bit crumby. Overall, save this place for lunch or dinner, unless you really want steak and eggs for breakfast. BTW, if you stay at the Marriott across the street you get a discount here.
3	Went here for breakfast at 10:00am on a Monday. Food was good but it was a very long wait for it and the restaurant was less than half full.
1	I went there with two of my co-workers and we all think it was a terrible meal. We each got the unlimited meat and seafood for $53.  I will never return to this place and I sure hope others do not waste their time and money. The quality of the meats were very low and they were always prepared as well done.  After complaining to our waiter he said they were suppose to ask us how we liked our meat prepared.  Once we asked them instead of them asking us, it was a little better.  However the meat was still not good.  Next time I'll spend my money somewhere else. It's possible they were having a bad night.  Either way I'll never return.
1	Just plain not good. Paid $50+ for surf and turf skewers where the meat was way over cooked (well done lamb and fillet?) and the scallops were under cooked. Even after asking for medium cooked meats they only delivered over garlic-ed, poorly cut fare. Not a good experience.
1	By the way, the manager contacted me about a week after I posted this review. Said he wanted to make it right...blah, blah, blah. I responded and he NEVER contacted me again. With that kind of service and the amount of awesome restaurants in Vegas, their business has only one place to go...in the ground.
1	This is for the District Manager who said they wanted to make it right when we had terrible service with a whole lot of no service when we got scammed for the seafood. Though the food is good, I was told Last June that they were going to make things right. I have the emails.  I have heard nothing since then nor do I expect to hear anything.  They simply email you acting like they are going to make things right and never do. Bummer.
4	My wife and I chose this place for our wedding reception site last year and we came away very pleased. They basically just gave us their separate dining room to house our guests and then did their usual service. The food was amazing and there's no complaints about the service. But I personally didn't like the the layout of the place. The salad bar area was cumbersome and not very plentiful, but other than that, I'm a fan. I'd probably return as a normal patron if I were ever in the area and starving, with a hankering for a side of meat... or three.
2	The place looks great, food is good, but not worth the money if you paid the normal rate. What kills this place is there service. I have seen people get up & leave. Not just once, twice, but many times at least 5 or 6 times in the past year when I visited the place. I visited this place at least 20 times in the last past year. Only worth it if you have a discount coupon & remember to ask for water & a drink or two waters, they usually do not come around for 20 to 30 mins at a time. The meat servers are usually around, but not as offen as you would want them to be. But hey, you get what you pay for!They have to remember that there is Fogo de Chao is openning down the street off Flamingo/Paradise and of the number 1 Texas de Brazil in Town Center is just down the street!  People that live out here go there. But for out of town vistors, unfortunately if you get to eat out once, hopefuly you won't get dissapointed and stuck here cause they won't see you again. Dinner hours are very busy and service is even worst! If you do get stuck eating here, then it's best to eat around lunch, cheaper, less meat selection but decent service if you get either of the two waitress Nicole or Nicky, these are the only to waitress that know how to service customers. If you get someone else beside these girls, well good luck, order three drinks or a pitcher of water. Like I said before, food is good, service needs big time work.
2	Pampas currently has an offer through 11/30/11 for a $43.95 Gift Certificate when you bring in a canned or boxed food item for donation to the LV Food Bank.  Even with a discount I wouldn't return, but if you're still interested the offer info is on their website.We arrived around 9:30p and waited briefly to be seated because they only had 2 sections that they were seating.  After about 15 minutes of waiting and no greeting from anyone, the waiter for our section greets the last table that had just been seated to take their orders.  Really??  Aware of our displeasure, the manager approaches and apologizes, introducing our server, Marcio (the same server who was just at the previously mentioned table), "who will take good care of you."After giving Marcio our order for the Meat Rodizio, he tells us to start with the salad bar area.  (We wouldn't see Marcio again for a very long time.)  There is absolutely nothing notable about on the salad bar, nothing that looks tempting, or overly fresh.  Everything is just alright.  We return to our table to find the meat gaucho scene bleak.  Over the next 20 minutes we would be offered 3 things: fresh pineapple, sirloin, and ham.  Really??  I've been to Brazilian Churrascarias before and I've never seen so little action.Enter the scene Jeremy, our savior, who immediately jumps into action.  He asks what meats we have tried and would like to try. We tell him that we have only had 3 things, to which he says, "I'm gonna go make a note on the board for you, so we can get you guys a taste of everything."  Thank you sweet baby Jesus!  Jeremy opens the flood gates, and just like that meat starts flowing into our room.  For the rest of the night Jeremy would be the only person keeping an eye on our glasses, making sure we got food and beverage refills.  Thank you Jeremy!Food quality is highly inconsistent, ranging anywhere from a (-3) to 4.  The first piece of picanha we tried was more dehydrated, shriveled, and overcooked than a slice of beef jerky.  Once we asked for rare they did step it up and deliver a tasty piece that I would rate at a 4.  Their chicken legs had no flavor, pork loin was dull.  The good: bacon wrapped turkey, picanha (after adjustment), lamb (inconsistent, but had 1 good piece), and tri-tip (shocking because I normally don't care that much for it, but very flavorful & juicy).Ok, we're donzo.  Check please.  Marcio!  There you are!  We were certain that he had gone home or something.  I really hope that they split tips there because our "would be server" gave us absolutely no face time.  At most Churrascarias the gauchos are personable and communicative.  There is a total disconnect here.  Once, one of the gauchos did, to my surprise, ask us if there was anything that we would like to try.  The atmosphere is non-existent.  As we strolled to our car my boyfriend made a comment that summed it all up.  He said, "Pampas is an Olive Garden in the world of Churrascarias."
5	Put together a dinner for 112 of my closest friends this week and Pampas rocked it.  Not only was the food top shelf, the staff was consistently attentive and caring.  Special thanks to Denise, Pampas' general manager for her steady and much-needed communication in the weeks leading up to our dinner, and ensuring every single aspect of the event went smoothly.  Outstanding!  So if you have a large gathering and you want a fun and truly well run dinner experience in Las Vegas, I definitely recommend Pampas Grille...
4	This place is amazing and the only reason they don't get a 5 star is because I have been to other similar places that I like just a little bit better.  This is close, but I wouldn't feel right giving them a 5 star when I like the other places better (that are 5 star worthy)Food: IT NEVER ENDS.  Amazing selection of any and every kind of meat you ever wanted.  Warning - you might go into a meat coma.  Prepared nicely ... there was not much that I said no to.  The top sirloin is the most amazing meat I had.  Filet was my least favorite...not a fan of how they cook it here.  Again, all pretty much that I stuffed in my mouth was amazing.  Salad bar:  TWO WORDS:  FRIED BANANAS ....... Very good - you can be a veggie and go here and eat more than you should.  so lots of options there - Service - hands down amazing for the group we had.  112 of us and I never felt like I waited to long.  Simply amazing.  I would give them 5 stars for service ...
4	I was at Pampas for an event dinner while in Vegas for a conference. This was a great place to hold a dinner for a large group (just over 100). Our tea was never empty and the food was fantastic. All the staff were efficient and courteous.If you're in Vegas, give Pampas a try.
2	The salad bar was great and had a large selection.  The meats were not as tasty as I would have hoped from a steakhouse.  The meat had little flavor and would benefit from a little seasoning.  The service is fast and very friendly.  I will go again in hopes that the meat will be a bit more tasty.  Also, make sure to get the discounted meal vouchers from the ticket shops on the strip; you will pay half price for your meal and that's a huge savings when you consider the normal prices of $50 and up for a meal!
1	Visited this place because we received a $100.00 voucher for sitting through a two hour time share presentation. Winning! Right? Not exactly. The wife and I had been to a Churrascaria the weekend before in San Antonio, and we're blown away. We hoped that for the fact it's in Vegas, Pampas to be much better. We arrived on time for a 730 reservation, and we're told to wait another 15 minutes. No problem, sat at the bar for a while. We were finally seated 30 minutes later, and waited 10 minutes for our server. Finally the floor manager took our drink order. The salad bar was not as good as places I've been in the past. The only item I liked were the deep fried bananas and cheese bread. Some items I usually enjoy, mashed potatoes, tempura, and Caesar salad all fell short. The meat came around infrequently. Initially only 4 cuts came around on a regular basis, without seeing any other meats. We eventually told those guys to stop coming, and told the manager. Slowly other cuts came around, and we became frustrated. I don't think either of us got out fill. The quality of the meat was poor. Nothing stood out except for bacon wrapped turkey, but then again how can you mess up bacon. We spoke with the manager again, and he comped us desert. I had the cheesecake which was "okay". I would not come here again unless I has another voucher, and if I did I would drink a lot of beer and fill up on fried bananas.
1	We've arrived early for our reservation and was seated immediately.  We saw the buffet salad bar and looked at the price.  $24.95 for salad.  Steep.  The meat buffet was $45 to $50 per person.  Steep.  Service after we satdown was slow, real slow.  I ordered mussel appetizer.  They made it way too salty.  The lobster appetizer was tiny for $16.  I went there with groupon deal.  Without the groupon deal, I would not have considered.  Now that I've dined, I would not go back even with a groupon deal.
1	I'll just start out by saying Texas de Brazil has nothing to worry about from this place.  The only good experience I had was the "comped" check.  The wait was long, even with a reservation.  The hostess was rude and clearly had no idea what she was doing.  The wait was long to get a drink at the bar, even though they were not that crowded.  The bartender was more interested in cleaning up.  When finally seated, the waiter took 15 minutes to take the drink order.  They had just gotten rid of the fresh seafood bar and in it's place would bring out "seafood" when asked.  A nice piece of white fish, some scallops wrapped in bacon and shrimps.  The meat was salty, and they only brought the filet around once in a while; while trying to load you up on sausages and chicken.  While both good, I wanted steak.  Of the steak pieces, the sirloin was probably the best cooked, very flavorful.  I would say the same about the filet, but I had it only once.The Manager was very nice, obviously knew he had a lot of issues with the staff.  I believe he is just there till he finds another job.  He comped the meal for poor service, but I did offer to pay for the bottle of wine I bought.Overall, this place is dying. They are trying to save money at the cost of food and service.  For a little bit more, Texas de Brazil is by far the better experience.
3	If 3  1/2 stars were available I would have chosen it. We purchased half price tickets at one of the Tix 4 Tonight locations on the Strip. At half price we definitely enjoyed the meal, but at $43 bucks regular price you could spend an additional $5 dollars and take advantage of the pre-fixe menu at any number of great dining options along the strip. Surprisingly, for being a Brazilian Steakhouse the steak was the disappointing part of the meal. The filet was way overcooked and the sirloin, while perfectly medium rare was also perfectly bland. The other items we sampled included the ham, bacon wrapped turkey, sausage and pork loin were all very tasty. Salad bar was solid with a variety of items to choose from. Only salad bar item that was off was the antipasto salad. We would return with half price tickets in the future.
3	Went here for breakfast and ordered the steak and eggs special ($5.99).  The breakfast is basically a way for them to showcase their excellent Brazilian bbq steaks, which are tender and perfectly marinated.  Service was sluggish and we were waiting a long time before a waiter came over to take our orders.  If I'm in the mood to splurge, I might be tempted to go here again to try their bbq dinner.
2	Not good at all. The meats were overcooked and tasteless. The only good one I had that came around was the garlic filet minion. The other stuff was so so, overcooked and not well seasoned. The best meat I had there was the meatloaf at the salad bar, which should tell you something. Seemed like they were understaffed because the service was so so. The staff there was very nice though and I appreciated that.
5	This place was awesome! I stayed in planet hollywood over the weekend and was craving steak and eggs so we went here before we left. There was another place that my friends always go to that I've been meaning to try that's a little off the strip, but we didn't have time to go there so we decided to just try this place. I'm really glad that we decided to stay and eat at this place! Service was super quick and the food was delicious and cheap! $5.99 for steak and eggs! We got our food faster than we probably would have at a fast food place and it was great quality. I went to the restroom after ordering and when i came back the food was already waiting for me! I'll definitely be coming back here the next time I'm in Vegas!
1	If I could give this place negative stars, I would.  If you want to spend $$$ for Brazilian AYCE, best bet is either Fogo de Chao or Texas de Brazil.  Do NOT waste your $$$ and time at Pampas.  Food and service is not worth it unless they bring down prices to the same cost as McDonalds...that's how bad it is.
1	Absolute GARBAGE!  The waiter bragged how they were better than Texas De Brazil which is actually comical. Service was horrible, food was cafeteria quality at best and NEVER do a Groupon there as they have some tiny print that says you need 4 full paying customers to use it at $50 a pop.  Worst seafood ever...Imagine eating at Dennys for $50 a plate!  Save your money...trust me on this.
2	This place is ok. The food and service in the main dining room are the better parts of this place. The bar is a joke. The bartenders are lazy and inattentive.  We sat at the bar for 20 minutes and NEVER got asked for our order.  No one else was sitting there except for a young couple dining.  The restaurant was ok (all you can eat Brazilian steak, chicken, lamb....) but the dining set up was odd. It was like fine dining in a food court. Meh.  As I mentioned the food service was friendly and prompt but I was turned off by the lazy bartender and the 'airport food court' ambiance of the dining room.  Some redesign and staff changes might make for a better experience.
3	First timer here and to be honest with you it's just for the sake of a Groupon despite all those 2-3 star reviews.  First of all, the manager Terry (or Terri) was super nice, she even told me how groupon worked from merchants' side and let use use it a day before its "official" valid date (so keep in mind, you'll need to wait for a day after your groupon purchase to use it per rule).  Anyway, we opted for 19.99 Brazilian bbq lunch for two.  The menu said lunch had 7 meat selection, and dinner would have 10.  Let me count the 7 for you in order of our favorite from most to least: Pork loin; spicy chicken leg, non-spicy chicken leg; beef steak (way too raw); sausage; ham; turkey breast bacon roll.  We saw grilled pineapple too.  Now you can tell how limited the meat selections really are at least for lunch.  I've been to other Brazilian grilles before and always been amazed by how many different stuff we can try, but for this restaurant it's certainly not the case.  The pork loin was tender enough but lack of seasoning in my personal view, the majority of beef chunk should be rated as rare-medium rare at most, I got a bloody plate after having two slices. However you can certainly ask the food servers for more cooked region (very small region though), they are friendly too.  As for the chicken (they did count non-spicy and spicy as TWO selections of meat), well you normally can't go wrong with bbq chicken, and it's just too common/ordinary to judge.In general, friendly people, nice environment, but mediocre Brazilian grill food, can't say anything about their other menu entrees though.
2	It pains me somewhat to hand out 2 stars to this place because I do like the food and have had two enjoyable meals here, but I feel somewhat scammed, so I don't think I'd want to go back because this makes me uncomfortable.Will start with the scam, have been to Pampas a couple of years ago, it was great.  So recently a groupon came up for sale and I figured I'd buy it.  $100 for $50 in food, how could I go wrong?  Well I found out.  Pampas artificially inflates their retail prices and then offers discounts through various venues (Ticket for tonight, groupon, people handing out flyers in the mall) to make people think they are getting a good deal.  So in the end you just end up paying about what you'd pay at any other restaurant....as long as you use your coupon (I feel for the poor people that don't utilize some sort of coupon at Pampas). For example:Seafood buffet - $48Meat buffet - $44In Vegas you can find far better values for much less than that, or even splurge and eat somewhere higher end for about the same price.So I guess with Groupon I expect to get some sort of bargain or deal, and I felt like i didn't here.  So I feel like I've been taken advantage of.  Thus I must rate this place as two stars.The food is really quite good.  The meat tastes delicious and the salad bar is quite good.  The service is OK, the waiter was actually the same guy for both visits.  He has a very thick accent and is somewhat difficult to understand, but he's very good at his job.  They didn't seem to have much of a clue when it came to helping us with our baby, so if you have a little one you may want to steer clear.
1	Gave this place another try and I'm throwing in the towel.  For Christmas I gave my parents a groupon for the Rodizio lunch, thinking that it was something fun and different that they would enjoy on their post holiday trip to Vegas.  Just received a text message from my parents that they are unable to use the groupon, as it would be a minimum of an additional $20 for the meal due to "holiday prices."  This was not mentioned on the groupon.  When they spoke to the manager about it, he suggested that we write to groupon and get our money back, if we were not happy with it.  Done and done.  Although my parents are left present-less.  :(  I don't care for the ethics of this place and have had two poor experiences, I wouldn't suggest it to anyone.
1	Would definitely not recommend! Service was terrible. We went for a birthday dinner; told the hostess/server about the birthday and she responded saying they would do something special but not only did she fail to follow through but she avoided us the entire time! Never going back again!
3	Food was good. Salad bar was ok but the unlimited meat was by far the best. Service by the waiter was kind of unattentive but the meat carvers came by very quickly. We got vouchers at tix4tonight on the strip for 24.95 each plus a $3.00 service fee. Regular price was 43.95 so it was a good value.  Definitely pace yourself on the meat.
4	My rating is based primarily on the food, because if I gave service equal weight, I would halve the stars. Since I tend to think with my stomach, I can overlook the service in this instance and direct my rating toward the food. The meat, as well as the salad bar, was great. I stuffed myself like I was living my last day on this earth. The meat came at decent time intervals. I especially jumped at the chicken, bacon-wrapped turkey, and sausage. My server, however, was quite cold and rude. She flinched when we mentioned that we had the Tix4Tonight voucher, taking away our menus immediately (what if I had wanted to browse it further?). Instead of giving us tap water, which she did for the adjacent table, she handed us an Acqua Panna bottle ($6.95). Two weeks later, I am still perplexed as to why this happened (I clearly did not say bottled water). She also consistently failed to check up on us, bypassing us as she checked on her other tables. I sometimes wonder why such people decide to go into the hospitality service. Needless to say, her tip was accordingly small.p.s. You can get a decent deal here with the Tix4Tonight booths.p.p.s. I may have eaten almost as many fried bananas as I did meat.
4	While walking around the strip for a place to grab some breakfast, we found this place and couldn't resist steak and eggs for a mere $6.We all ordered the same thing, except I got myself a good ol' Mimosa, and when the Steak & Eggs arrived I was happy. It wasn't crazy plentiful, but it hit the spot very well. There were a good amount of cubed potatoes, eggs, and steak with a wedge of orange and a banana bread-like dessert to finish up.An all-around delicious, well-balanced breakfast. Can't complain!Recommendation(s): Steak & Egg Breakfast for Breakfast
3	Service = 4 StarsFood = 3 Solid StarsValue = 4 StarsI ate here for lunch twice and breakfast once when staying in Vegas across the street.  I was with wife and kids and wanted quality food, nice setting, a bit away from casino smoke.It's a very nice setting.  Upscale interior, solid furniture, nice waiting area.  Service was uniformly good if not great throughout stay.  It's a nice upscale all, right on the strip, and most importantly, it was very reasonably priced compared to other VEGAS Strip eating options.If this was in Henderson, I might give it 1/2 star off as Value would fall.They have an excellent $6 Steak and Eggs breakfast.  Steak is top sirloin, served to your desired temperature (like mine medium).  Eggs were standard scrambled the way I ordered.  Potatoes were fried "home fries".For Steak and Eggs of this quality, would have paid twice this and been happy.Now on to lunch.  I had the meat "buffet" option both other times.  Now, most importantly you have to understand this:* Quality of meet for $20 buffet lunch is not going to be what you would get for a $40-50 dinner buffet at other Brazillian restaurants.It's just not going to happen.  Instead, you get very tasty sausage, rotisserie mini chicken pieces, bacon wrapped turkey chunks, and some slice top sirloin.  No premium meats.But the meats they give you are tasty and filling.  Plus, you get an excellent "salad bar" buffet.  I'm not a huge buffet person, but it's a nice one.Cheeses, olives, salads, soups, breads, etc.  I thought the calamari salad was pretty decent, and loved the fresh mozzarella, olives, artichokes, heart of palm salad, and a few other dishes.So say what you will about this restaurant, but I think it's a decent to very good value.  I think the setting is very nice.  The service is good.  And the food is tasty and filling and not overly expensive.  I do think you could get very expensive for dinner or if you run up certain menu choices, but that's your choice, isn't it?Just don't think you are going to be in a nice setting, right on the strip, and get the same meal you could get at a Fuego de Chao.
2	To get it out of the way, the service is not that impressive. Ill prepared scheduling left one server and a trainee on the floor for a lunch shift. By one, there were seven or eight tables dining and our server was everywhere. He was nice and treated us well, but managing his tables and training took a toll on the level of service.The food was decent. Not the best rodizio, but the AYCE basic meat came with 6 different proteins and the salad bar. With fifty different cold and hot items at the bar, you are bound to find something to eat. Unlike other places I have tried, the offerings are cheaper in quality and it showed. The fried bananas were just breaded bananas that were fried not the plantains I was hoping for. Pastas and bean dishes are offered to fill up diners. The six meats that were offered consisted of bacon wrapped turkey, sausage, ham with pineapple, spicy chicken, BBQ chicken, pork, and sirloin. The latter were the best items. The beef was cooked to a nice medium rare and juicy. The pork was flavorful and possessed a nice spice rub. The pineapple was something my friend and I wished came around more frequently then once. The chicken didn't have much going for them. Not spicy or bold, so throwing chimichurri on them was the only way to spruce them up. The meats took a while to first come around, but once it started it was a blitzkrieg.
4	My friends and I found a deal through Tix4dinner and got the meat rodizo for 25$ instead of the usual 46$ (yay!). This place is unbelievable, their salad bar is fully stocked with whatever you want to complement your meat. But on to the meat lol. They have EVERYTHING, from tri tip, to pork, to bbq and teriyaki chicken, sirloin, and like a bagillion more. It will give you a protein overload and I guarantee you if you take advantage of this buffet you will not be walking around the strip for a good 30 minutes. Just sit in the restaurant and talk until your group is ready to head out.
1	Ok, this place SUCKS!!!!! My bf and I went here the other day because we bought a voucher on groupon that was 2 for $20 rodizo lunch. This place is located in the Miracle Mile shops in Planet Hollywood, which to me is garbage. But, that's another story. We get there and sit down, the servers were not very attentive. They have a salad bar that was very minimal. The soups were no good. The cheese bread was hard. I guess the fried bananas were good, but that was it. There were only 4 types of meat that they offered. The top sirloin which was alright, chicken, some weirdass Chinese beef, and I can't even remember. The Chinese beef tasted like duck, seriously... WTF? Anyways, I wish I had saved that $20 and had just eaten subway or ordered a pizza. Was a waste of time, drive, and money.Ok, maybe I'm a little bias because I LOVE Texas De Brazil, but still... I I'll never come here again, even if it was for free.
1	What can I say.. we went today, for lunch,  using the groupon and am so sorry I bought 2 groupons, now I have to go back...yikes.  The service was horrible.. no words to describe it.. We were seated in the bar area.. and waited for a server to come take our drink order...and waited and waited.. it was 15 min from the time sat down.  By the way there were only 3 other tables with guests there, another server had 2 tables out front.   Our server did not pay attention to us at all, didnt provide us with clean plates nor remove the ones we put to the side. The food was good,  but is much better at Texas de Brazil or Via Brasil.  We waited another 15 minutes to get a refill on our ice teas... The service was not up to Las Vegas standards in a town that works on service and tips.
3	I used to really like this place. The meats were well cooked and the service was excellent. This time the service was a lot slower. I had to ask for certain meats over and over before they came out. Also, all the meat was a lot drier and many times over seasoned. Since I got a gift card, we got the surf & turf. Their seafood consisted of fried fish and tiny frozen shrimp that were heated and lightly seasoned. Not much of a surf in my opinion.
1	Pampas was putrid. My girlfriend and I went because of restaurant.com, and I realize that a restaurant.com offer should be a red flag to begin with, but I work across the street from Planet Hollywood and my girlfriend is a Brazilian steakhouse aficionado. So we went.It was a huge mistake. The service was great. Our server Marco was friendly and attentive, burdened by poor management and a sub par kitchen. But even his excellent service couldn't make up for all the problems with our meal. It started off poorly; we sat down and ordered Hendricks martinis and a bottle of Pinot - yes we are drinkers - and they were out of both. We nixed the cocktails and picked another bottle, and to Pampas' credit they adjusted the price to match the 86'ed bottle. We were optimistic, glad they went out of their way to accommodate us.There are essentially 3 options on the menu: meat, seafood, and both. I believe the meat was 43, the seafood 48, and the combo 54. I got the seafood and my girl got the meat. Yes it's ok that sentence was funny. I am a Brazilian steakhouse neophyte, so I was a little surprised that the first thing we do after ordering was go to a salad bar. This was disgusting. Wilted salad, stale bread, and a stab at Asian cuisine that makes PF Chiang's look like Nobu. I grabbed a little Caesar salad and cafeteria pasta salad and braced for the worst.And worse it got. First of all, as soon as we sat down from the salad bar they immediately started piling my girlfriend's plate with food, but my seafood took 25 minutes, so that was slightly awkward. However, it did give me a chance to sample the meat. The meat sucked. We had pork tenderloin first, which was woefully overcooked. This was followed by beef that had some kind of cheese crust that was disgusting. The procession that followed was all mediocre at best, and it was all overcooked! We went in late, like 930, so maybe that was why everything was dry and well done. But for the price I don't think it's too much toask for properly cooked meat. The lone exception was the lamb, which was delicious.Eventually my seafood came. It came with baked salmon, cod, shrimp, and mussels. The menu claimed bacon-wrapped scallops were included as well, but we didn't receive those until we requested them. It was essentially buffet quality seafood. The mussels were cold. Only half the shrimp were actually peeled. The fried cod was hard and hot on the outside and cold on the inside. When the scallops finally showed up, they were also cold.We skipped dessert. The whole experience was dismal, and the modicum of savings we got from restaurant.com didn't really make up for the waste of 2 hours. Planet Hollywood is simply a blackhole for food, I would avoid the whole hotel.
1	Every time I am in Vegas I go here for the $5.95 steak and eggs breakfast. My complaint with this place is not the food, but the service. It is terrible. I don't think I have ever received my drink order, be it juice or water, until at least 5 minutes after my food comes out.  Don't even think about a refill.  It usually takes a server quite a while to approach the table to take my order. The only thing they are ever prompt about is bringing a check while you are eating.  We actually got our check one PRIOR to our drinks.  You get what you pay for.... Which is why we put up with it. We want cheap breakfast!  But if u are looking for prompt service with a smile, don't go here.
3	oh this place is only worth it if you're a meat lover. my boyfriend was definitely enjoying the meal but I was just stuffed (and sick of eating just meat) after a few rounds. there's different servers that walks around with either chicken (bbq/spicy), bacon wrapped turkey, sausage, 2 types of pork, & trip tip (which is realllyy rare, I like my beef red but it looked like it was still breathing rare...). these guys were nice, friendly (quick!) and always smiling. they give you two pieces of the meat they have then ask you if you would like any more on top of what they give you. these comes around pretty quickly (if you dont want to wait without food in front of you this option comes with full open salad/soup bar option, which is pretty good). my favorite out of all the options were the spicy chicken, back wrapped turkey, and sausages. now our server.. she was just horrible.. as soon as we sat down she asked us if we have ever been in such a restaurant (very friendly tone might I add) but when we said we came here because of a Tix4Tonight voucher, she automatically changed how she acted with us. she just grabbed it then said 'drinks?' when we answered water she said 'sparkling or flat' confused my bf & i said flat. suddenly she brings out one of those fancy bottled water.. we just assumed that they dont give tap water here so we just let it slide. a table got seated next to us, same server & same voucher, however she was much nicer to them. he didn't even have the voucher on him but she let him give her just the code off his phone and she brought them out plain ol' tap water.. she would often walk past our table and go to theirs to check up on them/refill their drinks but rarely did she ever stopped at ours (only really twice during the meal, once to pick up plates). she was so bad we never even got her name...
1	Food was good I would give it 4 stars out of 5.  I had the ultimate surf and turf plate.Service however it just plain out sucked!! Our waiter was a nice guy but we were out in the patio and it took about 10 minutes ( no exaggeration ) for him to come out and ask for our drinks.  When I was walking to the restroom a lady bumped into me who I thought was a customer but turns out she was a shift manager and she didn't even analogize. Last I accidentally dropped a fork o the ground and after waiting 5 minutes for someone to come out so I can ask for a new one I had to get up off my table go inside and get a clean one off another table.Oh yeah and my bill was $148 for my girlfriend and I.  We ordered the surf & Turf and 2 glasses of wine.  I wouldn't of mind paying that if they at least had decent service!!!
2	On a recent visit to Las Vegas, I visited this restaurant for lunch. Although, I wanted to enjoy the food and ambiance, I was thoroughly disappointed. The salad bar spread was limited and not as fresh as I've experienced in other Brazilian restaurants. Furthermore, the meats offered were limited and the beef offerings overcooked. Needless to say, I won't be visiting this place the next time I'm in town.On a positive note, the restaurant was clean, service was good, and the staff was friendly. Lunch prices were decent considering the spread offered.
1	I bought a coupon for All you can eat meat lunch for 2 at Groupon and planned to take my husband there for his birthday because he is a meat lover. Not worth it. Salad bar was o.k but we went there for "all you can eat meat", all we did just wait, wait and wait. We ended up had 1 cornish chicken and 2 small slices of beef. We were tired of waiting and lost our appetite. Total cost with tax and tip I spent $35...I could have just went to Carnival buffet at Rio, I would had more meat plus seafood there.I got email from manager, he invites me back for a free lunch or dinner. I still haven't been back.
1	Ok food. Service could have been better. Made reservations and still had to wait even though the place was empty.  Servers took way too long to come around. Cheesebread was ok. Other than that I wouldn't recommend it.
4	I went here back in August. My cousins and I only went here because we saw their advertisements for their 5.95 breakfast.  So we woke up our hungover butts in the morning and made our way over. We got the fancy private room that was full of the wine bottles. The decor is very nice and the atmosphere was nice and relaxing after a night of partying. Our waitress was very nice and attentive. Our wait time for food was not that long at all. When our food arrived we were surprised at the food portions. And it was very delicious. I'd definitely come back here again.
3	We returned to try lunch again.. with our groupon.  I can say that we had a lovely young lady  Thais as our server and she was great.. like night and day from our first visit.  After the meal I did tell her we had been there before and the service was awful and on this visit we enjoyed our lunch and service.  The drinks were filled without asking and the servers came around a lot and I do mean a lot with the meat offering.We did order desert, the cheesecake... it was very good and normally we don't get a desert... but again it went back to the great service Thais provided.We would not go back again though, unless maybe a groupon ( a big maybe).  There are far better Churrascaria in the Las Vegas area than to go on the strip for this one.  Personally I don't think this one will survive.
5	The happy hour here is fantastic.  I had a really good salmon sandwich, that was the best most affordable meal I had while I was in Vegas.  At first I was a little annoyed that you had to sit at the bar to get the happy hour price, but the bartender was totally cool and engaging.  I would recommend.
2	Reservations made for 7pm. They were not prepared for us as we waited an additional thirty minutes. Very nice salad bar but not worth 25$(if purchased by itself). Meat choices are excellent and flavorful. They do need to space out the servings though. We had them allarrive at the same time, then delays of nothing at all. The seafood was not worth the up charge. Some of the worst seafood. I'd rather "Go Fish" at Long John's Silvers.  It's sold as all you can eat, which is all you can eat if they actually get it served to you, and if they ever bring you more than the first plate. It was a busy night but waiter could have been more attentive since our party was of 10. A 20% gratuity was applied to our bill. which he in no way deserved. One meat server was very helpful, and offered to get us the cuts we wanted. In all the meats are a 4 star but the seafood is a 2 star and everything else lacks and drastically drops the rating. I will not be returning. There are a lot of Brazilian steakhouses in Las Vegas that I would much rather frequent.
4	I was very happy with Pampas. I've only been there for lunch, not dinner. The service was a little laid back, but my friend who was born in Brazil said its more of an authentic dining experience. It's not as rushed and fast paced as we are used to. Anyways our servers (both times) we're attentive and polite. The salad bar was really nice. Meats, Feta Cheese, Rice, Mashed Potatoes we're some of the things i had. Everything was good. The meat was great! The Sirloin, Bacon wrapped Turker and Sausage we're outstanding. I will be returning for sure. Just a note. The first time i went there with a groupon, The second Tix4Tonight and they we're not rude about it.
5	Brazilian Bouillabaisse is fresh lobster, shrimp, fresh fish, and mussels in a seafood broth with fresh tomato sauce, coconut milk, cilantro, and served over pasta. The portion is HUGE! It has a robust tomato-enriched flavor that is expected from a bouillabaisse but with an added creaminess from the coconut milk. It sort of reminded me of Thai coconut curry but lighter. It is luxurious! The seafood, scallops, mussels, shrimp, lobster tail are cooked to perfection - sweet, juicy, and succulent. The linguine is a great way to enjoy any of the left over sauce. You don't want to waste it. Thumbs up, way up!Grilled Salmon Sandwich is Pacific salmon grilled with sweet and sour malagueta pepper sauce atop garlic cheese bread with your choice of Caesar salad, steamed rice, or French fries. Wow! This is the best salmon sandwich ever! The salmon is a thick fillet grilled to perfection. The cheese is melty and gooey. The hearty baguette holds up well and adds a slight sourdough flavor. The malagueta peppers are the perfect heat for this - slightly spicy with some sweetness giving it a great flavor without scorching your taste buds. Thumbs up, way up!
1	This place is WAY overpriced and is a disgrace to all Brazilian Restaurants! We had a coupon on restaurant.com to knock off 100$ and it still wouldnt make me want to eat this crap! DO NOT GO HERE!!Go to Texas of Brazil!!SAVE YOURSELF!
1	Stay away from this place !!!!I visited vegas from NY, was walking through the mall and got a flyer for a suppossed deal for dinner here. Coupon listed an entree deal that is not even listed on their menu. On the coupon it says the meat dinner is usually $64 but with coupon is $32When you get there, they pretend to be seeing the coupon for the first time. I paid attention to patrons after me with the same coupon and my same waitor each time looked at it, "let me see.... oh yes this is a special", they hand out the coupon right outside the place a few feet away. Everyone is bringing in the same coupon and each time he pretends to never have seen it.On the menu the same meal is named something else and cost $34So the coupon list a meal which they claimed isnt on the menu and they are giving you 50% off but its the same one listed on the menu for $2 more than the coupon price which claims 50% off.... When i brought it up, everyone was claiming its a different meal... i asked what was different about it... oh its not on the menu... yes it is, i got the meat dinner... thats the same meal !!!!!!!where is this discount your claiming on this coupon your handing everyone?My wife got the more expensive dinner which inludes Surf and Turf... Their surf is just shrimp and scallops... thats all they offer... I have been to plenty Brazillian places in NY and this place holds no weight !!!!!The food is lame !!!!
4	Came here to celebrate my aunt's retirement while we were all on vacation together.Initially made a reservation for 6 pm, but the family wanted to dine earlier, and they accommodated the last minute change of reservation. Thumbs up!Had a restaurant.com certificate and they were gracious in taking it without skimping on the food or providing lackluster service. The servers were attentive to our entire party and they listened to any requests from the family on which cuts they wanted to be brought out. Family favorites were the Picanha (sirloin), the Bacon wrapped Turkey, Salmon, and the grilled pineapple.Not sure what the age cut off is, but my daughter is 5 and she ate for free =)
2	Service was very good. Our waitress was nice and stopped by a lot. The meat skewers came fast and furious. Problem was, the meat was not that great and the "salad" bar was okay, but nothing special.
4	We got a coupon that would get us lunch for only $14.99 (each) inclusive of endless side dish bar and meat.  The coupon stated that it will be valid if we purchase the lunch with an order of fountain drinks.  We went ahead since we were all craving for Brazilian food.The results?  It was a good deal and we liked everything from the side dishes to the meat they served.  I would not mind making a visit to this restaurant the next time I come to Vegas.
1	I was not impressed AT ALL!! We received vouchers and as soon as the waiter saw them he immediately took the menu's away as if we weren't good enough to choose our own food. When the meat finally came around it was cold and it didn't taste very good either....out of 10 options we only had 4 and just gave up and left. there wasn't much to the "buffet" and when the waiter finally brought the check it didn't have the coupons on it! will probably never try one again
4	For the meat connoisseur, Pampas is the place to go! We had been to Pampas several times and just recently booked a wedding function of our niece there. Our expectations, and preferences were taken cared of professionally with personalized  service beyond compare,now  under new management, Paul, the General Manager. Paul made sure that our event was a success with most of  our guests visiting from Canada enjoyed the concept of the bottomless servings of the endless meat parades served, cooked and cut to your liking. We definitely recommend this place for  the sumptious Brazilian style steaks- the picanha, and the cheesebread which is  house specialty.A second or third helping is always welcome as for the value of your money, and a satisfied palate!
1	- As a Vegetarian, the options were 2. $30+ for lightly drilled unseasone vegetables. - Server did even give my husband his order at all (we went with a group of 12). He was so peeved that he didn't want to eat after everyone was mostly done with their meal.- Server RUDELY warned that we can't share meals. Warning that there is cameras and we will be charged. WTF?! - Servers rarely came to the table.- Server didn't smile at all and even rolled her eyes at us.- 20% gratuity was added. Personally I wouldn't have tipped at all
1	Not bad if it's ur first at a churrascaria.. But it's a complete disappointment if u've been to via brazil or Texas de brazil. =(We were greeted by a host that hates her job and was served by an apologetic server that "couldn't force" her co-workers to bring the meat out faster... If ur used to an abundance of meat in places like this... Well.. Ur not getting it.
5	Went for happy hour, and fell in love with the steamed mussels appetizer. So.good. All the food ordered looked delicious, and the prices were extremely reasonable considering the quality, I'm still dreaming of the food!
2	Don't waste your money. Food wasn't bad, but it wasn't great and at $40-$50 a person not worth it. Meat was tough and tasteless. Salad/side bar was nice, but again nothing memorable. Honestly, I've had this good of food at golden coral.
1	Truly one of the worst dining experiences I have ever had.  I do not recommend trying this restaurant.  We had a group of 10, with a reservation, and they tried to give us a very small and cramped bar table.  We could have walked off the street and gotten this table.  Second, they made us wait an hour past our reservation.  Third we were told we had to get a bar table because reservations were going to filled an hour and 1/2 after our reservation time (this is not a typing mistake, does not make any sense, the manager argued it did make sense).  We would have been out of the restaurant by the time of this reservation, if we had been sat on time.  When we finally got our table they were slow to deliver the meat that is supposed to be endless and come at us overwhelmingly fast.  We did not get the barrage of meat they promised. We felt the restaurant wanted us to fill up on their salad bar.   After telling us we were supposed to wait for another reservation, one really large table, in the same room, remained empty all night.  A bad experience all around.  On top of all that we bought a Groupon but they hand better coupons in the mall.  This made the Groupon pointless and a real waste of money.
1	If a "showgirl" in the mall outside gives you a coupon.....throw it at her and run!  You are about to get screwed!   They double the price of the meal, give you half off, then the server adds his gratuity based on the inflated ""doubled"  price.    Shameless rip off.
1	I haven't used yelp in a year but I came on just to give it one star. That's how bad it is.
1	As bad as a churrascaria can get. Apparently the only way they get people in the door is by discounting their lunches and dinners through vouchers/groupon.  I feel truly sorry for anyone paying full price. I paid half price, and was still mad when I left.The salad bar is uninspired and bland. I went for surf & turf lunch. They have one beef based meat to choose from, then lots of cheaper cuts filling in the rest of the rotation. I felt sorry for the "roasted ham" guy, going from table to table, begging people to take a slice of ham from him.  The chicken was tasteless, the bacon wrapped turkey had soggy bacon.  The actual steak tasted ok, but the fat in the cut had not been rendered down, resulting in a really chewy mess.The "surf" part of the meal was a disaster.  The salmon was old and fishy. The tilapia was not cooked through.  The shrimp was rubbery.  I do have to say the bacon wrapped scallops weren't terrible. The plate went almost entirely untouched.It was difficult to get my water refilled.  For lunch, they had us sit in a section of the restaurant as far away from the salad bar as possible, resulting in many pilgrimages across the empty restaurant for the deep fried bananas (the best thing on the salad bar).I am surprised that such a poorly run restaurant is still operating. I am sure they prey on tourists who they can burn. Las Vegas locals shouldn't be caught dead in the joint.
2	Save your money. I got a deal 2 people for $30 and I still felt like it was a waste of money.
5	Definitely on the schedule for every future trip to Vegas. Worth every penny. Salad bar was huge, fresh and delicious. Has everything from pasta to mashed potatoes, from boccoccini  salad to veggie tempura! Everything was awesome!Then there's the meat *drool* so much meat... The pork tenderloin was cooked to perfection, the prawns were buttery goodness, the chicken was moist and flavorful. The sirloin was rare but could be cut with a butter knife! Yummmmm!Not only was the food awesome, the staff was very good. They were attentive, fast and came around often enough to make you full but not annoyed. Highly recommended!Just make sure you bring your wallet and your appetite. Expensive, around $28/pp for lunch (i think its $40+ for dinner?) but very, very good.The only thing that would make this place any better is free WiFi. Then I would never leave! Hint hint, Pampas...
3	Had a quite yummy lunch here - thanks to a Groupon. $28 for surf n' turf lunch for 2 - 1/2 of the normal price. I don't eat seafood, so there was a bit of a waste there. I have only been to one Rodizio style restaurant before so I was expecting the seafood to come around just as the meat does (and be able to turn it down). It actually comes out separately on a plate (with 4 types of seafood) and they won't take it back or let you take it home...but that's really besides the point. The salad bar was very good in my opinion - cold salads, hot pasta and rice, soups, cheese biscuits, and more. I thought all of the meat was delicious as well, especially the bacon wrapped turkey. They also offer lunch for $20 without the seafood, which I would gladly go back and pay full price for. I think the prices might go up at dinner time, but I can't really imagine what more they can offer, so I would say stick with lunch.
1	Had breakfast here. Not good at all. And we were charged $7 for the water we didn't even want. Never tried their dinner. Tired staff.
1	ok so steer clear of this place! 1st of all I've eaten there twice before coupls years ago and it was decent enough for my husband and I to decide to buy a "voucher" from tix tonight for a 1/2 price dinner. The tix tonight guy made us a "reservation" and when we showed up they said they would seat us in a few minutes. While sitting there waiting to be seated multiple people kept walking in and getting seatede right away. The only other people left waiting for a table was a group of 6 guys that also checked in with the voucher. Hmmmm.... so we were getting shafted for having a voucher?  So we wait around another 15 mins and finally with an attitude we get called. This is where is gets better low and behold they seat us in the very very back corner far away from where anyone with their little beef skewers are and from the buffet! Then we see them seat the 6 guys right next to us! When we asked to be in the main dining room the hostess said it would be another 20 mins!We decided to up and leave and as we left noticied several open tables in the main dining room! This place is a rip off and with so many other options you would think they would get it together! Stay away!
5	I went here with my gf a year ago and loved it so much I decided to come again and take my parents with us.  We got the tix for tonight which saved us about 13 bucks a plate.  This is the only Brazilian place that I have been to that has fried bananas so for a whole year, I have been craving that and they were as good as I remembered them to be.  As far as the meat portion of the dinner, it was great.  I tried everything once, and some twice, and some about 8 times.  If they would of let me, I would of just had them give me the whole pineapple in the beginning to save them all the trips back to me.  I really loved the sirloin steak, it was cooked perfectly to where it melted in your mouth.  I thought the service was great.  Our server Dave, who we had the first time was fantastic and very personable.  I can't wait to go back and have more of their fried bananas.
3	I bought a groupon for this a while back, and it's definitely worth the groupon price.  They had some pretty decent shark and salmon fillets, sausages, sirloin steaks.  It wasn't TO DIE for, and I don't know if I would pay 55 a person, but the groupon price was definitely worth it.
3	I'm a bit spoiled here, I must admit, because I have been to several top notch rodizios (Fogo de Chao, Texas de Brazil, Boi na Braza and Nelore) - and Pampas really doesn't match up to those in food quality or variety of offerings.  I think if I had never been to a rodizio before I'd have been somewhat impressed, as the picanha was pretty decent and the seafood that came with the surf & turf was surprisingly decent.  But, most of the meat was a bit dry, except the picanha and the bacon wrapped chicken.  The ham was VERY salty.  The sausage was actually fairly overwhelming by itself, but probably would have been fine as small slices in an italian dish.The salad bar had a decent amount of coated salad type dishes and standards but nothing I had was really exciting.  They serve the ubiquitous rodizio cheese bread as part of the salad bar instead of fresh at your table, and fried bananas instead of cinnamon plantains are on the bar as well.  One thing I will give them top marks for is the service - our waiter was super nice and attentive, in fact there was a slight mixup (not their fault) that they handled very graciously.  I had booked my reservation for 11 but didn't realize the rodizio didn't start until 11:30.  We ordered a couple cokes and were going to wait, but my honey wanted to just leave and come back.  So when I offered to pay for the cokes and explained we'd come back later, our waiter said not to worry about it, but just come back and see him later.  So I tipped him pretty big for the cokes and then again when we came back on the full meal.I am giving them a 3 overall, though honestly anyone who has been to Fogo or TdB is likely to grade them far more harshly in comparison.  If you get a discount to come here via Tix4Tonight or Groupon it becomes a much better value for your money, but it's still not really the best example of rodizio by a long shot.
3	Went there just this past Saturday and it was okay. I guess you get what you pay for. it was $20 per person for the meat rodizio at lunch and we thought it was worth a try. I've been to about four churrascarias and only two have really left me satisfied. This one was nothing in comparison but was okay. There was not much on the selection of meats.I think the selection was five or six. The salad bar was very weak and was not very appetizing. The feijoada was very thin and runny and should have had more black beans. the meat was also very salty and did not leave a good aftertaste. The food was okay but nothing to rave about.
2	My first experience w/Pampas was when they brought food to our office. All, I have to say is...the meat was dry and tasteless. My co-worker inform me of the differences between Pampas and Texas de Brazil is that Pampas offer a choice of all you can eat meat and seafood. Seafood include fish and shrimp...NO lobster or Crab.My company promote Pampas so I decided to give it another chance and see what it's all about. The service was not great, our server was not friendly, meat is NOTHING compare to Texas de Brazil. You think the salad bar at Pampas has a huge selection...GO TO Texas de Brazil and compare for yourself. I haven't had lunch at Texas de Brazil but the dinner prices for both restaurant are similar. So I am NOT going to pay for the same price for a disappointing experience and tasteless meat at Pampas.
3	I came here for lunch and had the salad bar only because (a) I don't eat meat so don't really care on missing out on them bringing me big hunks of meat on a skewer and (b) it was close to where I was staying and I needed to grab lunch quickly and I knew everything at the salad bar was already prepared so I wouldn't even need to wait for people to make anything. There's a decent variety of things available and I was able to grab a quick bite and move on. Nothing spectacular but solid enough choices all around. I'll admit I liked the fried bananas although there was nothing special about them, of course you can practically fry anything and it will turn out tasty.
1	The salmon immediately sick got me really ill and I looked like a mad man after I ran to the bathroom. The meat selection is poor and service is the WORST! Avoid this place not worth your time and money. It wasn't even worth my groupon. I explained to the GM that the meat and seafood selection was really poor and rather than assuring me that he would work on fixing that issue he offered me a half off coupon. I didn't want anything, not even a free meal, I am very adamant about not eating here ever again, I can assure you that you would be better off spending another ten dollars and going to texas de brazil and getting your moneys worth. So overall: Tourist Trap. Disgusting Sick, Sick, LITERALLY SICK Food. Poor Service. Just Don't.
4	We went here for the steak and egg breakfast two days in a row and it was really good. Its no Fogo de Chao, but it was pretty good. We will have to try the lunch or dinner next time.
1	If I could give this place less than a star, I would. This was hands down one of the worst experiences I've had at a restaurant. Walking in, we were greeted right away, and sat right away. After being seated, we had to wait about 15 minutes until we were even looked at by anyone. Finally, we were approached by our waiter, who said he would be with us in a few minutes. What?! The fifteen minute wait wasn't bad enough? When he finally came bakc ,we ordered our drinks. We all got alcoholic drinks - and I also asked for some tap water to go alone with my meal. Upon returning, he brought back water in a glass bottle. Now, I've been to restaurants before, where they put their tap water in glass bottles to make it look more fancy - so I thought that's what this restaurant did too. WRONG. After seeing a couple tables next to us, with just regular cups of water, we flagged down our waiter to ask if this was the TAP water we had asked for. He said no, and that they charged for each bottle. We asked how much it was for each bottle, and he said he didn't know and would go find out. There were two things wrong with this situation:     1. How the hell do you not know how much a bottle of water costs? As a server, you should know your menu inside and out.       2. It took him fifteen minutes to get back to us with a price, which meant we went fifteen minutes without anything to drink, because we had all finished our drinks as well as the water. 0 stars for service. As for the food, bleh. Everything was salty and overcooked. They came by our table at least fifteen times with sausage, but we were only offered their beef items a few times. As for their salad bar, they had a lot of choices, but none of them really worth while. I will say that their chimichurri sauce was pretty good. Actually, it was the highlight of the meal. It was the only thing that was actually good. I would never set foot in this place again. HORRIBLE service, and sub par food. You are better off going to Fogo de Chao or Texas de Brazil.
2	The service at this place was descent.  the food was not very good.  The meat was hard and over cooked.   I must admit my wife and I are spoiled becouse we have eaten at other brazilian steakhouses so we had a very good point of reference.   During our meal a photographer interrupted our conversation to take our picture and then tried selling it to us  for 40 dollars after our meal....very rude to say the least.  Never again and I do not recommend it to anyone.  I thought about giving this place 3 stars but what you get for the price hardly merits it.
4	I had a great lunch here.  It's basically the same cost as a good buffet, with less variety - so if you want pasta and sushi go elsewhere.  That said, the parade of meats was fantastic.  I tried everything they were serving at lunchtime on the basic meat menu (i.e. no seafood, and the dinner menu is more extensive) and there wasn't anything I didn't like.  The high proportion of pork products was also welcome, as it was Vegas and I was incredibly hungover.  If you didn't know salty fatty meats are the best thing for a hangover (besides a bloody mary) you're welcome!The following is what I think I had, though there may have been one or two other items I forgot about:Roasted Chicken - tastySirloin - a bit dryTri Tip - also a bit dry, but tasty nonethelessSausage - yummBacon-wrapped turkey - more please!Chinese pork - just leave the whole skewerHam - my hangover demands MORE!!I ate WAY too much, but I guess that's the point.  If memory serves, I didn't eat again until something like 11 hrs later, and I wasn't even really hungry - just thought I should eat before the drinking started.
1	My definition of  "hassled": Saying no more than twice and then being asked again.I went with my family and had the following experience:Hassled to take a picture so they could charge us to buy it.Hassled to buy bottled water for our table instead of bringing tab water as asked.Hassled to buy a drink that they bring to your table, they ask you to try without informing you of the price - made it seem it was for free. I had to ask three times before I was told the price. Shame on them. They charge half price and then try to hassle you into buying other over-priced items.Shame on them - the worse part is after you say no they keep asking to the point you get anger and annoyed.  Shame on them
3	My brother had a gift certificate here, which is why we came. The inside of the restaurant definitely has a nice feel to it, almost like Middle Eastern even though this is a Brazilian restaurant. The salad bar was kind 'meh' only like a half step above somewhere like Cici's, but I highly recommend the  fried banana and cheese bread both were delicious! The meats that I enjoyed the most were the bacon wrapped chicken (but what doesn't taste good with bacon?) and the tenderloin, on nom nom! Don't waste your stomach space trying the other meats because those are the only ones worth tasting. The desserts are spectacular, I had the tiramisu and had a piece of my cousin's cheesecake both were super delish.
2	Being the carnivore that I am....you would think this place would automatically get at least three stars from me...but there is definitely a problem when I prefer the salad bar over the meat offerings.  I went here for a wedding reception, and we were offered the basic meat menu of chicken, bacon wrapped chicken, sirloin, tri tip, chinese BBQ style pork, pork sausage, ham....and grilled pineapple.  Unfortunately, the pineapple was the highlight of their grilled goods.  The bacon wrapped chicken was moist, but nothing special.  The chicken without the bacon was flavorless, as was the sirloin and tri tip.  The chinese BBQ style pork had a nice sweet flavor with a hint of five spice, but again nothing that special.  Overall, if you are going to pay the regular price for this menu, it's better to take your money over to Fogo de Chao or Texas de Brazil....they have more meat options with more flavor as well.  The salad bar is also much more limited than the other brazilian churrascarias in town....the bananas are lack luster in that they are really just bananas with a crunchy coat on the outside.  The highlight of the salad bar was the chinese broccoli and the roasted mushrooms.  Everything else seemed like cafeteria food to me.  I wouldn't go here even if I did have a restaurant.com or groupon coupon....
1	By far the worst restaurant I have ever been to in my entire life! Food was served cold, terrible service, and the waitress took her tip off of the table while I was still sitting there with my friend. DO NOT EAT HERE! If your hungry, just go to Koi-you will spend the same amount of money for amazing food!
3	Went for lunch. We got a 2 tixfordinner deal for $6...that would make our lunchs $12.95...but reg lunch was $14.95....but then as I calculated it only saved us $2? sad.......the salad bar wasn't that good, it had soups, salads, breads, I didn't care to fill up on because I was saving my stomach for meat.when it came out, it was chicken, chicken wrapped in bacon, pork, some tough beef...and i think that was it, some other combinations of pork..basically all the inexpensive meats. i only enjoyed this tender beef one, don't remember what it was called. but compared to Chama Guacha, Foco de Chao, Texas de Brazil...this was a baby....but for $12 it was decent.Don't be surprised if youre used to the high end brazillian steakhouses and you come here. It's def cheaper but decent if you don't want to break your wallet. I know dinner selections in meat are more, lunch you get half the meats, if i came during dinner I wonder if I would of changed my mind...oh well.
5	Awesome churrascaria - service was on point - server made sure that I tried everything!
5	I had only been to two other Churrascarias in my life and this one totally blows the other two out of the water.  I think the best meats were the shark, salmon,  bacon-wrapped sirloin, the tri tip, and the ham.  They also did a grilled pineapple off the skewer and it was pretty awesome. As for the available sides....the mushroom risotto was very very tasty.  I liked the cheese bread as well.  There was a whole bunch of salad options, but hey, I'm at a churrascaria... I was in "meat" mode.  I bypassed the greenery that day.  I know, shame on me.  I did get a sampling of their asian noodle salad, which I liked.  It was about $50 for all you can eat meat/seafood.  Soooo worth it.  I will definitely be back whenever Im in the area.
4	My wife and I were looking for a nice dinner for our anniversary. Thanks to a very personable front desk, we were coaxed in and had one of the most delicious meals we've ever had!  Our waiter, Constantine, sat us quickly and we were offered several options for drinks.The salad bar was fabulous, the meat came fast and furiously, the cheese bread was to die for, and to top it off, after we could cram no more down our throats, we were given a chocolate mousse that was hands-down the best I have ever tasted! With a coupon and a little sweet talking we saved some money. Though the prices were still super high. This is definitely a rare occasion restaurant.Friendly and good, but -1 for the cost
5	Came here for my friends Vegas wedding reception. Dinner was unlimited Surf and Turf, which is great since I can't deal with just all meat. Lots of option at the salad bar, noodles, greens, fruits, you name it. The meat kept coming, said NO to chicken and pork but sampled the beef, lamb, salmon, shrimp. The grilled pineapple tasted so good, a refreshing taste after the lamb. Pitchers of regular mojito, raspberry mojito and margarita kept coming as well. I said NO to dessert, I just couldn't anymore but YES to coffee and what a strong coffee it was.  I had a great time in the company of friends, excellent food and good service at this place. I just wish I had a bigger appetite to enjoy all the meat. :)Highly recommended if you're into meat.
4	We went here on a dinner voucher for taking a timeshare tour. We had $100 to spend, so we both ordered the surf n turf option with the side dish bar. First of all, the side dish bar was my favorite part. I was especially excited to see a beet salad and many other vegetable and pasta options, plus the yummy cheese bread. I could easily make a great meal just on those things. The churrascaria meat service was interesting and mostly very good. The shrimp was terrible, but everything else was tasty and the waiters came around more often than necessary to make sure we kept eating. In all it was a nice experience, even nicer on someone else's dime.
3	If a dinosaur had class, he would eat at Pampas. This is a meat-eaters heaven. I've been to several Brazilian Churrascaria restaurants in Los Angeles. Whats not to love about all-you-can-eat BBQ? But I gotta tell ya, I wasn't too stoked with Pampas. To be honest, I thought everything was better in Vegas. I mean, don't get me wrong, the place was very classy, the food was good, and the service was impeccable. However, a couple things were a little heavy on the salt. Sometimes, salt brings out the flavor in dark meat. But salty chicken? Umm . .  no thanks. Am I being a picky bastard? Its possible. I'm actually just comparing them to the Brazilian restaurants I've had here in Los Angeles. Overall, I really liked the place. I would definitely go back.
3	The is the only churascaria that I know of that has a surf and turf options.  Other places just have the turf like Fogo and Texas de Brazil.  So I was looking forward to it.  Anywho, some of the meats were really good, like their house special and their filet.  They had a prosciutto wrapped scallop which I really liked as well.  But everything else is average compared to the competitors.  If they are going to charge the same prices as the other Brazilian steakhouses, they gotta kick it up a notch.  Everyone loves the cheese bread from Brazilian steakhouses, but this place's, like a lot of the other items, are just nothing to write home about!
1	I came here for the $5.95 "steak" and eggs breakfast. The steak was grizzled, and overdone.poor quality. The banana bread was out of a is, and potatoes definitely tasted microwaved. The location is dreary too, at end of old Aladdin shopping area. Denny's is better.
1	Before Texas de Brazil and Fogo de Chao opened in Vegas, I'd go to this place a lot.  But before those two churrascarias even opened, I stopped going Pampas.The food was ok.  I'd give it a 3 out of 5.  The location is great - inside Planet Hollywood.  Service is also ok.The last time I went here in 2007, I had dinner for 2 for free.  What's my problem you ask?  Well, the only reason I didn't pay anything was because I saw not 1 but 2 roaches running around the restaurant floor.  Naaaastyyyyyyy!!!  From then on, I never set foot at Pampas.  I wouldn't go back even if they paid me.
1	Unbelievable. Bad service to start with, and they were not even busy. The buffet portion of the meal was sub-par at best. Avoid!
3	Busy place, as it's in the M Shops by Planet Hollywood. We arrived on a Thursday (w/reservations) 45 minutes early but they seated us after a 5 minute wait!  They seemed a bit short staffed, as we had to wait a while for a drink order from our waiter (thus part of the 4 stars), but other than that a pretty great meal food-wise.  The husband and I both got the "meat parade," aka the salad bar + the traditional Brazillian meat-sliced-at-your-table bit. Good quality of salad bar, they even had choices for the GF types like myself, which was nice. Not a huge selection though, so if you like to pig out on side dishes this place might not be for you. GREAT quality of the meat-parade in terms deliciousness (they offered roast beef well AND medium rare!!), but I do wish there were more types of meat available.  I did eat until I was comfortably full though, and I did wish there was room for more.Overall a great meal, though I thought it was prices a tad high. Next time I'm in Vegas I probably won't go back.
4	The food was awesome. The meats were overwhelming. The ambiance was fun. Definitely will return!
1	This review is based on the BREAKFAST service.I understand breakfast probably isnt their specialty, but they advertise the steak and egg special, and brazilian coffee . I was in the area and needed something quick.Understaffed, slow.. 15minutes for breakfast coffee ? Hostess was considerate  , kitchen staff were nice when delivering meal. However the waitstaff had poor attitudes and were non caring. Orderen a Bacon and egg breakfast. They forgot the bacon??? Really?had to re-order bacon from the kitchen , it took ten minutes for 2 strips of baconbetter service  at Dennys for Bfast
3	Tried this place with a groupon, which ended up being a pretty decent deal. I can't say the same for paying full price here, but to each his own I suppose. I've been to a few different brazillian steakhouses so this was by no means a unique experience, but it was a mostly pleasant one.The interior is fairly well decorated, and the location is convenient-- right in the middle of the M shops. Great if you are planning on shopping afterwords, or if like me, you just like the atmosphere and are too cheap to shop at stores like these. The staff was accommodating and seated us without incident.The salad items aren't bad but some are better than others. The tortellini is ok, the olives are tasty, the artichoke is a nice touch, but the garbanzo salad had a pretty weird flavor. It was just the end of happy hour so I was happy to have a Stella Artois for 3.50.Then of course there's the actual meat. The kobe fish was different and well seasoned but a bit dry. The shrimp didn't taste much different from any shrimp I've had elsewhere-- I honestly prefer the stuff you can get at Cajun themed restaurants. There was some "spicy chicken" but it didn't seem particularly spicy to me-- although it was delicate and fell easily off the skewer. Most of the meat servers are pretty friendly and will likely give you a double portion of meat if you let them know you really like what they're serving. The lamb was delicate and cooked to a perfect medium rare. It came with a sweet and tangy balsamic sauce that complimented it well. The garlic sirloin was solid, but the seasoned sirloin came out pretty dry and appeared to have been cooked well done. The tri-tip was delectably juicy ( I happen to be a huge fan of tri-tip) but the top sirloin was rather dry. When the bill came and it was obvious how much we had saved with the groupon, we had no gripes. However, I don't think I would have been as pleased if we had paid full price for the food. The quality of the cuts seems up to par but too many of their offerings were overcooked, and I just wasn't that blown away by the quality here. This place is no Fogo de Chao, but if you have a groupon or other discount deal, it's not a waste of your time to try them out. You'll be stuffed and fairly satisfied with what you get.
3	I have experienced this experience before at a different restaurant in a different city. My wife and I used a Groupon on this occaison which gave us over 50% off. We received 2 appetizers, 2 meals, 2 salads, 2 deserts and a bottle of wine.  The food was very good and service was decent.  For the price we paid, it was a good experience.  However, I would not be saying the same thing if it would have been full price.
2	Sadly, I see why they got such a poor rating for something on the strip.  I came here with a group from school and they gave us deal..  I came a little late, but it is all you can eat so I wouldn't miss much.  The selection of meats they had were pretty limited compared to the other places I have been to.  I stayed away from the chicken, only because most of the party said that it was "dry".  Of course I load up on the bacon wrap chicken and sausages.  That was probably one of the alright item to eat.  I am sadden to say that the signature meat was over cooked and also dry.  Then I gave it another try when the gentlemen came out with a new batch, much better.  I would probably say that the grill master in the back needs to be more attentive to the meat they are cooking.  The salad bar was impressive with a huge selection of things to go along with the meat.  I like the fried bananas; probably the one thing I grabbed a plate of. The group seem to enjoyed the pineapple they had, but I had one and passed after.  They just grilled the pineapple up and there wasn't anything special about it.  The other place I have been to had a pineapple grilled with cinnimon and sugar which made it sweet.  Here it was sour.The service was wonderful up until when we started to slow down and they all vanished.  My cup was empty and was wondering if any other meats were going to make their way back out.  My group was done so I didn't want to be the only one left sitting and eating so I decided to leave as well. Overrall, I don't think I will come back.  For the price, I rather hit up a buffet.
3	I came here for lunch as part of an event that was put on and thanks to the service, had a really fun time.  Our server was really great, and she handled a party of 13 flawlessly.  Our drinks were always filled, plates got cleared in a timely manner, and she was there to get the carvers for us when we wanted something.The food itself was fine, but nothing special in my opinion.  The chicken and sausage were my favorite meats, and thankfully the chicken was moist and not dried out like it can get sometimes.  The beef dishes were ok, but I found the meat to sometimes be tough or chewy, which is surprising considering how it's cooked.  Overall, a perfectly pleasant meal, and thank you to Pampas for hosting the party.
5	Great place!  Especially before a long night (EDC)  Great sangria,  awesome food
3	Had luch here with a group of 40. Service was able to handle it no problem. Salad bar was great and fresh. Every Piece of meat was tender and it just kept coming!!! Can't wait to go back for more.
4	Based on previous reviews I wasn't expecting too much from this place, but it is actually quite good- especially for the price of the lunch special!The salad bar is generous, I highly recommend the little cheese breads as well as the mashed potatoes- they were delicious.There is a lot of meat to review so I will note the standouts:The bacon wrapped chicken- it was juicy and flavorful and tasty overall.The sirloin- you can select how rare you went it right off the sword- it was tender and the seasonings were great.The barbequed pork- Okay, I'm am genuinely not a fan of pork (with the exception of the occasional bacon added or wrapped item or holiday ham) but this was probably the best thing there. It was DELICIOUS- savory, sweet and juicy, I couldn't believe it. Even if you do not like pork or ham you have to try it!The service was attentive and quick, my glass was rarely empty and there was always someone ready to serve up some meat. Good place for lunch and groups.
4	The restaurant looks really nice and impressive. I came with a group from my class and we got to enjoy different kinds of food like a buffet. I really love the food and I would like to come again.
4	the chicken with bacon is my favorite. very rich flavor and the sausage is good too. salad bar is available if you want a break from all the meat. melons are fresh and sweet. like the place. definitely recommended!!!
5	The food here was so good, so was the service. We had a coupon for buy one surf and turf and get one free, that's almost a $50.00 savings. My favorites were the salmon, bacon wrapped scallops and the mushrooms, but really everything was great. We will be going back next time in Vegas.
2	Service was really good, so we'll start with that, our waiter was really attentive/friendly/and talkative.I made a reservation and we showed up 10 mins early. So we had to wait. Off to the bar we go, where I ordered a cocktail and watched some football. We waited about 15 more mins, then we were 'accepted' to sit on the waiting seats behind the hostess stand. Great.Sat down and went to the salad bar, which was pretty good, but not as extensive as I've seen at other churrascarias/ all you can eat meat buffets.  The seafood pasta in the cream sauce was my favorite.  The only sauces available here were 2 kinds of Chimmichurri, no horseradish creme sauce or regular horseradish which I typically enjoy with my steak. Only green I saw was Kale and that was actually pretty tasty. The guys cutting the meat did not smile. In fact, I don't think one of them cracked a smile the whole time, they definitely need to be more friendly.  They looked like they were in pain each time they came over and would rather be hanging themselves than working.I also never saw Lamb. I looked and looked for it, but it never showed up. bah bah lamb.  I think they only have 1/2 of the options they tell you they do.  The most memorable items were:  the bacon wrapped scallops, grilled shrimp, and the roasted crispy chicken.  The steak for me was Outback at best and again I did not see as many options as I thought there should be.  The trout and other mystery white fish should be avoided.No dessert options either or at least a little something sweet to eat would've been nice. AND it's pricey. If you are going to spend $120-$150 for a dinner for 2 people in Vegas, especially for a steak, this place is not what you are looking for [see my steak list for Vegas].Ever popular: Would I go back?  No I don't think so unless someone else had a coupon and was paying
4	This is my first time to a Brazilian steakhouse so I can't make any comparisons.  The most impressive thing was the introduction of  the caipirinha to me.  Had a few there they were so good.  You have to be a carnivore to appreciate this place.  If you aren't you're wasting your time.  The meats were done to perfection.  As much as I like meat though I don't think I'll be revisiting a Brazilian steakhouse anytime soon.  I was impressed how consistently the meats were cooked.
5	Carnivore Heaven! Very yummy pork tenderloin. We had the version of the smorg. Great Service! Friendly staff. Excellent salad bar - Fresh, Fresh, FreshWifi would be a nice addition to this place but I will go back for the food
5	My husband and I went to Pampas last night for dinner and had a wonderful experience! The customer service was superb. As soon as we sat down, we were greeted by our server, Marco. The food began arriving at our table immediately. All of the food servers were very friendly. The meats and seafood were absolutely delicious. In addition, the salad bar had a wide variety of different options and was very colorful. Jack, the restaurant manager, came to our table to see how we were enjoying our meal, and we were very impressed with his level of customer service. We give Pampas our highest recommendation!On a side note, we found a Groupon coupon for Pampas- buy one, get one ultimate Surf and Turf dinner. We saved approximately $50 on our meal. In addition to the Surf and Turf, we received one appetizer and dessert. We ordered the ceviche, which was made with coconut milk and was outstanding! We ordered the tiramisu for dessert, and found room for it even though we were stuffed. What a great experience we had at Pampas! We'll definitely return.
4	All you can eat meat on Groupon? Sold. My favorite cuts were the sirloin and the pork. Very good service and we felt we got a good deal. I was a little disappointed to find out it's located on the strip, but we came out on a Saturday and had no trouble finding the place. They let us request what we wanted brought out to us and we got everything we wanted. The tiramisu was really good too.
4	all I remember was I was STUFFED!!!Lots of different meats to try!Everyone should at least try a brazillian steakhouse once in their lifetime. Research and see whats the best one in the area. I can't say, bcuz this is the only one I tried.  I heard ESPETUS in San Francisco is the best.
4	My fella insisted on getting the Groupon for this place. I had been before and was reluctant because I hadn't been that impressed with on my prior visit and I also didn't want to have another AYCE adventure to contend with.We came here on a Saturday afternoon at lunch and the restaurant was not crowded at all. We were greeted warmly and taken to our table. Our server approached us quickly for our drink orders and gave us a rundown of the layout of the restaurant and all their offerings. We quickly headed to the salad bar while our waiter went to get our drinks. The salad offerings were slim. There weren't a lot of fresh veggies, but I enjoyed the mashed potatoes and kale, although it lacked a little flavor. On to the meat. The servers came out regularly and our server made sure that all the meats we wanted made their way out of the kitchen to us. I enjoyed that personal touch quite a bit. The meats were pretty good. My favorites were the pork, sausage and my fella really enjoyed the sirloin. I found it to be quite good as well. There wasn't as much selection as other Brazillian steakhouses we've been to, but the food was pretty good and we had an excellent meal. I would have given this place 3 stars for food, but I rounded up based on the great service we received. Our server was friendly and incredibly attentive. He never let the ball drop despite having to man the entire restaurant himself.
1	In a word: Yuck.  Got a Groupon for this place (Lunch for 2 for $28, I think?). Was hesitant after reading some extremely mixed reviews but figured, why not?We came for lunch on Black Friday around 1:30, without a reservation, and though the restaurant was only about half full we had to wait for 10-15 minutes before being seated.  Our server, Kelly?, introduced herself and seemed nice enough, but seemed to forget about us throughout the rest of the meal and our bill was ALL sorts of messed up! She tried to charge to charge me TWICE for a $10 drink (Honey, I had one, it was disgusting, it took 20 minutes for you to bring it to me in the first place...and I wonder how many other 'drunk' customers you tried to pull that crap on).Additionally, there was some sort of $18 additional fee for using the Groupon...wait what?! ....so in reality, it was $28 + the $18 fee the restaurant charges...oh yeah, and water (flat OR sparkling) is $6 a bottle...so bare minimum, lunch actually came to $58 plus tax and tip...and believe me that did not in any way reflect the quality of the meal.Yeah, it was a 'surf & turf' all you can eat kind a thing, but Eeeeeesh, gross me out! The salad bar reminded me of the kind of $10 buffet you find in one of the area discount  casino/hotels, and I would say 9 out of 10 of the cuts of meat that were brought to the table were either grossly overcooked or raw. Plus, they brought around the bacon wrapped chicken, and some sort of sausage thing (read: the cheap stuff!) to the table at least 3-4 times each, but only ONCE, in the entire hour and half, brought around Picanha (steak)...and the slab they cut off for us was still bleeding.Ugh, could not get out of there fast enough.  Will NEVER be back.
1	First time for everyone in our party at this restaurant, used the Groupon for the surf n turf lunch.ServiceHorrible service, unwilling to cater to their customers - We asked for the store manager, and a chef who claimed to be the manager came out and explained to our party that Pampas Churrascaria does not care for their customers and their loyalty. Also, they don't really welcome Groupon users, especially the ones, he stated, that come weekly apparently. The restaurant was nearly empty at the time we went since it was a weekday, yet we were rudely dismissed by one of the passing servers after being seated. Thankfully, our designated server was welcoming and attentive... or maybe it seemed so compared to all the other employees we came across before finally being seated.FoodLunch meat choices are limited to dry chicken, dry&tough picanha, other dry beef choices, sausages & pork (the last two of which I did not try).Seafood was okay. Seafood unlike the meats is ordered through the server, and surprisingly we did not have any problem at all. It included salmon, shark, scallops, and shrimp.Salad bar had a small, but good variety of salads, pasta salads, soups, bread, etc. The pastas were dried up and looked like they had been sitting there for a good amount of time.AmbianceWhen I first stepped into the restaurant, I had a good feeling about the place. It is next to the Todai in the Miracle Mile Shops, good location, and decorated well as all or most restaurants on the strip are. The workers looked professional at first glance, and it looked like a nice dining place. My friend and I actually purchased another Groupon to come again while waiting for the rest of our party to arrive. Mistake! I asked Groupon for a refund right after we left!At such a reasonable price, we wanted to give the place a try, but what a disappointment. I would've given the place a second chance despite its horrible service; however, the food is just not worth it. You get what you paid for, maybe less with this place. Fogo de Chao all the way!
2	I made a bad mistake today, I let the wife decide where we were going for dinner. She picked a Brazilian Steakhouse.Now I actually like the concept, lots of meats, cooked well, full of flavor...And way over priced....I love meat, beef, pork, chicken, hell give me deep fried budgie (google it Americans) in garlic and I would be happy.So I am left conflicted, lots of good meat...for a price that's lets face it folks, in Vegas you can get a very good steak for, i'm sorry, but when these restaurants started showing up in Vegas dinner was $25 -$30, now they are $50 and up...Seriously, look long and hard at what you are getting, they just don't make sense...But I let the wife pick dinner...So, after a quick "no", "But you said I could pick" conversation she headed of to groupon, where she came across a deal for this place....Plus she had a credit with groupon that covered the cost...Ok meat plus a meal I had already payed for..Works for me.Service was good, seated quickly, waiter friendly, diet coke delivered quickly, though the refill took time to come...But it's the food you want to know about....Well frankly, the meal was "free"...And I think we were charged to much.The meats were dry, the fish were cooked to death, the shrimp tasteless.The one saving grace was desert (yes we went to an all you can eat meat place and still wanted dessert, that should tell you something)...I had the tiramisu, the wife had the cheesecake, they were both very good.In the end there are far better Brazilian steak houses in town.
4	My first experience at a Brazilian all you can eat place was pleasant. The atmosphere was fun if you sit outside or near the bar because you can hear the half hour rain storm in the Miracle Mile shops. Speaking of where to sit, the inner area near the buffet is more crowded and lit more brightly. We preferred our spot near the bar as it was more intimate. Some Brazilian music would be a nice addition as it was a little quiet. The food was very tasty and abundant. We had an 11 year old with us and he still qualified for the child's price which was nice because he's not a big eater and the all you can eat rodizios are expensive. He got his fill of cheese rolls which were a big hit!  The buffet had yummy salads and side dishes. The Rodizio we ordered came with an app. and dessert. We chose the mussels in coconut cream sauce which were very good. The tiramisu was lovely as well. The service was good even in our less crowded spot in the restaurant. The meat coming around on the skewers doesn't stop! The bacon covered scallops were great and the beef dishes were good too. Only the lamb was pretty over cooked and flavorless. The grilled pineapple is a great touch! We will return for more Brazilian meat fest!
1	For the $8 adder for seafood, I got two shrimp. Wifey received two shrimp and a bite of salmon. The salad bar was a mess...utensils sticky and food over spiced. Not a good experience at all. Loud environment and a shaky table. Felt like eating at Luby's. (Look up Luby's if you don't know what I mean.)
4	I was skeptical based on the reviews but I'm glad we went. The food is non stop and very good. Some meat wasn't as hot as others as they stopped at our table last but it wasn't cold. The salad bar is very good as well. I could have filled up on just the salad! A little pricy but that is to be expected when dining on the strip.
5	This place was simply amazing im every aspect. My girlfriend and I were in vegas for a wedding and luckily I was able to get a groupon (rodizio buffet for 2, $28). As opposed to some groupon establishments, they really attended to us like we were full paying customers.We made reservations and were promptly seated within 10 minutes. The salad bar is amazing. Theres so much selection, but just the right amount. Theres a little something for everyone ! Soup, mashed potatoes, grilled veggies, salads, breads, and even some pasta and rice. Onto the meats, the bbq pork was sensational. Well done, yet moist and tender, just the right amount of seasoning and glaze. It was amazing. Prime rib and scallops were also amazing. Could not get enough of the shrimp ! The chicken and ham were okay, not bad but forgetable. The service was great. The cooks slicing the meats were very kind and had great sense of humor. Our waitress was amazing. She came at all the right times, and came by just enough. As we were leaving , I asked for the bill, and to my suprise ir was $1.40 , I waved our waitress over thinking this was an error, but it wasnt ! She decided to not charge us for 2 beers and an iced tea because our table was not ready at exactly oue reservation time !I was in shock. And left a very generous tip.All in all, it is on the pricier side, but the food and great service really justify it. I would come again , but next time go easy on the salad bar.
1	The service is really bad!!!!!!! We have waited for ten minutes to pay!
4	I'll start of by saying this is the first Brazilian BBQ place I have been to. The food, taste wise was excellent, although I was expecting more meats or selections. Their pork was excellent, as was the spicy chicken and roast pineapple, maybe something exotic even. The meat buffet includes the salad bar and the options were awesome. Lots of different options without being over bearing.PS: check in with yelp and everyone that orders the meat buffet gets $5 off Try the fried bananas too!
2	The restaurant was 80% empty but they still made everyone wait for 30 minutes until sitting us. The meat was overly salty and by "choice" they really mean 6 cheapest meats they could find. The waitress was also a total b***. Was not an experience worth $50 for 3 people. Bleh!
2	We had a tourist coupon for the place.  We waited for 10 minutes for an empty place..didn't get the reason.  The servers were really slow at first and the meat was OK.  I've eaten at a few Brazilian steakhouses and  I have to say this place is not up to that level.  As time went by the service got better, the waiter was great but it just wasn't up to par with my past experiences.  It was OK but I wouldn't recommend it to friends as a "steakhouse"
4	My boyfriend and I dined at Pampas as part of a dinner + show deal. The dinner + show combo turned out to be fairly inexpensive so we did not set our expectations too high for a ritzy, fantastic dinner.Pampas exceeded our expectations. We were impressed by the overall ambiance of the restaurant: it was dimly lit, clean, and not too noisy. The very friendly staff took wonderful care of us and we never were left waiting too long for meat to arrive at our table. The meat selection isn't expansive, but I enjoyed the choices they did offer. Not a huge meat eater by nature, I was impressed with the freshness and variety of salad offerings at their bar. The salad bar is also kept extremely clean, which was very comforting for me.I'm not sure how much their regular dining options are normally, but from the reviews it looks like many patrons are finding deals. If you can get a good deal to try out this place like we did, it's definitely worth a shot!
1	Went in Dec. 2012 with my niece. I had a Groupon for lunch for two at Pampas that I purchased for Vegas vacation for my first-time experience at a Brazilian restaurant and filing up for the rest of the day; saving money on the cost of dinner.  Bottom line, Pampas was the worse place we went and place we ate. The service was horrible.  Either the food was overcooked (shrimp skin was stuck to the shrimp)or undercooked. Chicken and most of the beef items were undercooked or rare.  I was very sick after eating at the restaurant and instead going shopping on the strip, I ended up going to Walgreen's to get Pepto Bismol and then back to the hotel to sleep, after hurling up the food that I had eaten at Pampas. Shortly after I was hungry! Horrible Shortly after I was hungry! Horrible! Cold and loud where seated (inside mall patio area) too. Was near exit/entrance of mall doors and during Dec. visit it was too cold.  It was also loud because near DB pool hall. Never again!!!!
2	Plain and simple, this food was not great. Had a Groupon here for lunch. I think the only reason people go here is because it's in the mall at Planet Hollywood. Otherwise, if you have a car you should venture out to the restaurants at Rio or find a Texas de Brazil, or In-N-Out. any of those options would be better than here! This place has a very scant meat selection.To start, we had to wait 15 minutes to get a table in the near-empty dining room. The gauchos who serve the meat were rude and instead of asking us to move our plates, they put their plates down and shoved ours around with the plate. They also mumbled and half the time I wasn't sure what exactly I was eating. And if you get the surf and turf option, they just plop all the seafood from the spear down on to your plate. And the shrimp is still in the shell, so you get to peel it.The hostesses were very nice, which was one of the only redeeming things. The other was the cheese bread rolls--always tasty.
5	I love pampas!I decided to make reservations here for my BF's birthday, as it came recommended by many. As we walked in, we were immediately greeted by the host. She was nice and took us to our table right away. I've never been to a Brazilian steakhouse, so I was really excited to try their unlimited meat rodizio and side salad bar. My favorite of the meat rodizio is hands down the top sirloin! It's soo delicious and I like my meat medium rare, it was perfection! All the other meat were good too, but that one stood out to me. There are so many options available, &  I really love the red/green side of the card so the servers know when to come or not to your table. The side salad bar has many options as well, ranging from; salads, salad toppings, veggies, mashed potatoes, salami and cheese! I couldn't help but go at least twice to the salad bar. Although, I didn't want to fill up too much on side items as the meat rodizio was unlimited. I wanted to make sure I tried everything including the chicken hearts. You just have to order it with your server because they don't walk around with the chicken hearts, must not be very popular? Food is nothing short of amazing. Service was great too, our server was very attentive. We both left full and happy. Come hungry, you'll want to get your moneys worth =P
5	The price of Pampas varies depending on what time you go and what you get.  You can order stand alone items off their cart, which I've never done before.  I've always tried their rodizio, specifically the meat rodizio.  If you order the meat rodizio, it's similar to an all-you-can eat, although it's not specified as one.  Essentially, you have unlimited access to the salad bar.  The salad bar has plenty of options including every kind of  Brazilian salad under the sun, it seems.  My favorite is the artichoke heart salad.  They also have many appetizer items like cheese bread and fried bananas.  The fried bananas are definitely worth trying.  At your table, the waiters come around your table w/ cuts of meat cooked on a skewer and slice you as many pieces as you choose.  You get to sample steaks, tri-tips, bbq pork, chicken wrapped in bacon, grilled chicken pieces, and sausages.  The bbq pork is especially well marinated and tasty.  I also love that Pampas purposely serves the steak to you rare to medium rare depending on the cut.  In effect, you can't say how you want your steak done -- they just serve it to you how they think you should have it, how it should be eaten.  As a foodie, I believe steak should be eaten rare to medium rare anyway (so you can discern the quality of the cut of meat), so I'm fine w/ that.  But all you ppl who do not know how to eat steak (i.e. you request it well done), don't select the steak option when it comes around.  Hahaha... sorry if I sound mean, but that's how Pampas does it. Regarding the price, I think it's significantly cheaper to have lunch there than dinner.  Lunch rodizio was only ~$20 per person but dinner was nearly $50 per person.  Granted, I've only had dinner at the Pampas in Palo Alto, CA and not at this one in Vegas, it is of note.  Also, they have an awesome but limited dessert bar (for lunch at least).  The flan and cheesecake are pretty amazing.
4	Pampas was an EXCELLENT choice for our Christmas Dinner!! Our party of four purchased the Peep Show and Dinner special for Christmas 2012. The food was excellent, the flavor was right on, and the service was tremendous! Very nice salad bar selection and choice of drinks. It was our first experience with a Brazilian style dining and we were pleasantly surprised!Our next trip to Vegas we would definitely make another stop-- you will not be disappointed!
1	Wow, the food and service at Pampas was so bad, I regretted coming here even though I used the Groupon "two for $28" voucher. If it wasn't for the voucher, I would have screamed bloody murder.Anyway, coming here on weekend during lunch hour, we only saw a few tables occupied which we didn't think it was a good sign. But we went ahead and decided to give it a try before reaching any conclusion. After we were seated, I looked around and noticed nobody was really enjoying their food, and not a smile in sight (including the staff.) After we got salad and soup from the salad bar, we must have waited like 10 -15 min before two staff came out with skewers of meat. We were starving but the look of the meat didn't even look that good to us. The meat were cold, under seasoned, and very rare. And that was the way it was throughout the rest of lunch. At Texas de Brazil or Fogo de Chaos, they always re-roasted the meat when they brought it back to the kitchen. At Pampas, they rarely (no punt intended) do that so all you got cold, under seasoned, under cooked meat. Funny thing we noticed that for a meat joint, most of the customers (including myself) kept requesting grilled shrimp because it was the only thing considered good to eat.Now let's talk about service. Since this place is like dead, they kinda copied that feeling into their service. Even though the place wasn't crowded at all, it took the waitress a freaking long time to refill my soda. Everything we asked for something, it took her so long to get it even though she wasn't busy. How do I know she wasn't busy???? Well, because she would go back behind the bar counter, right in front my my view, to either count tips, put on make up, check and text somebody from her phone. Our waitress didn't come by often either, so you can imagined everything took a long time for them to bring it to us. Even though she wasn't rude and got what we asked for (eventually), the lack of care, service, and depressing environment just made everything worse.For those that visit Vegas and think this Pampas is good, you gotta spend some taxi money (about $15)  and visit Fogo de Chaos or Texas de Brazil. The food quality that you get at either place will make the taxi fare worth it. Trust me :-)
4	If you love meat....this is the place to go. Whenever I come to las Vegas I stop here for dinner. Don't load up on the salad bar so you can have enough space for the 10-12 different types of meats they offer. I usually stay green for about an hour. I have noticed that the more expensive meats only come around once or twice.
4	I'll make this review simple. The sides get a 2 star review but the meat was fantastic!
1	The only reason I gave this place one star was for the cheese bread. It was delish!! And our waitress kept ckecking on us so that was good too. Everything else was not good. From the time you first walk in, the hostess is not very welcoming. I had to wait 10 minutes for a table even with a reservation. The salad bar was ok. By the time the meat finally came around, I was full from all the salad bar. It was 10 minutes before we finally got a piece of chicken. It took so long for each meat to get to our table. Texas de Brazil at town square is way better!!!!! I'd rather pay the $60 over there than come back to this place. Thumbs down. Save your money for something else
1	I've been to many brazilian steak houses with rodizio style service and was expecting to have a great experience (since this is Vegas of course). This was not the case. This was the first time I went to a Brazilian steakhouse and had a poor experience.The meat: The main reason why we went here was to get our meat fix on! It was bad...i mean BAD. The quality of the meat was equivalent of the "T.G.I. Fridays of Brazilian Steakhouses". The meat quality was poor and although they offered the piccanha rare or more well done,  everything else was over cooked.  The seasoning on the meat was almost non existent. We were expecting the traditional salty goodness on the outside of the meat with the crusty outside of the meat, but it wasn't there at all. Just overcooked meat with no seasoning. To be honest, the meat even tasted old I kid you not. The brazilian sausage is something I really looked forward to (at other brazilian restaurants as well) and my fiancee and I looked at each other and both thought it was hill shire farms sausage. They say it was made in house on the menu, but seriously, they shouldve saved the time and just bought the hillshire farms sausage from the grocery store right next to where they got their salad bar items. The salad bar: I kid you not when I say this, but I felt like I walked into a grocery store salad bar. The fried bananas shouldn't really be deep fried with breading on it, its supposed to be in a pan with I assume butter and sugar. The bananas were breaded, but not only that, they were soggy and have definitely been sitting there a LONG time.  The cheese bread are also one of the big reasons why we go there! They were stale and dried out (also have been sitting there) you would assume it would have been fresh since dinner service had just started.  The soups were a disgrace as well. Chicken noodle soup and lentil soup? Really? I don't really know about the lentil soup, but chicken noodle doesn't scream Brazilian to me. Even their competitors Texas De Brazil have lobster bisque!  They even had eggrolls at the salad bar! WTF?! If I wanted egg rolls I wold have gone to a chinese restaurant.  This was unacceptable.The Service: We waited maybe 5 minutes to be seated, so it wasn't bad. When we did get a table (there were many other tables open) we were pretty much stuck in the corner with no server for about 15 minutes. We were literally looking around to see if they forgot about us! The manager finally realized we were looking around and desperately tried to win us over, pushing the desserts and wine when we haven't even been given any other food or water for that matter. 10 more minutes pass (now 25 minutes after being seated) and our server comes up to us and literally says "HI my name is David, I will be your server. Please let me know if you need anything and go ahead to the salad bar" and then quickly walked away to tend to another table. I suppose I could add this to service, but there was a lady with a "drink cart" that was really pressuring us to get the Caipirinha, the Brazilian cocktail. When we said we had them before, she asked oh, you didn't like it? why not? I don't know lady! leave us alone! They really tried pushing alot of extra stuff on us, I suppose it is their job, but damn it made things awkward. The whole drink cart idea was tacky. The only "pro" I can honestly add to this was the $10 coupon they were handing out in front of the restaurant, but even with a combined $20 dollars off  for my fiancee and i, it still wasn't worth it at all.  I would genuinely say save your time and your money and go to Texas De Brazil or Fogo De Chao because even though they are a "chain" they know what they are doing service wise, and especially the food (meat!).  I usually write about places that I love, but this restaurant really made me want to go home and warn people about the quality you will be getting. I've been to many brazilian steak houses but this was by far the worst.Gordon Ramsay if you are reading this, please go to Pampas and tell them whats up!
4	Pretty good for the price. The buffet is definitely lacking, but considering that the price point is WAY under most B-BBQ's, it's decent. And the $5 yelp check-in discount was AWESOME!
1	What a shame! Use to come here often about 2 years ago. It was very good. I cannot believe it's the same place. The service is a joke. The food is terrible. You won't even recognize the cuts of meat based on experiences at other descent chirrascarias.
2	Within the Miracle Mile shops at Planet Hollywood there are probably 10 sit-down restaurant options - more so than your average LV casino/resort.  So with so many choices, we were a little disappointed in our choice on Saturday night. This was our first experience to the Brazilian steakhouse concept (think Fogo De Chao etc).  The main entree is an endless parade of skewers to your table where the meat, seafood, chicken is taken off the large skewer for you.  At Pampas, the salad bar and sides were excellent although the area was small in size and thus crowded at times.  The salad bar is a square with no real beginning.  Thus, if it's crowded, jumping in somewhere was difficult. This was a Saturday, in Las Vegas, with a concert at the PH live venue. As for the main entree, the steaks were tough.  Really, really tough.  Flavorful, but very hard to chew.  The lamb was good, and the chicken also good.  However folks, the price of this meal is just under $40 pp.  In all, the food quality, although plentiful, was not good enough to warrant the price. Also, our waiter emphasized the value of getting a bottle of their house wine and we could take our unfinished portion anywhere in Vegas.  We are experienced travelers, restaurant goers etc and he caught us with our guard down.  We ordered the bottle half-way through our meal, in lieu of a second round of wine by the glass.  We do understand that a reasonably priced bottle is often a better value than wine by the glass, if the table is drinking the same (red v. white).   In this case, we made a mistake because we didn't finish the bottle as we were heading home the next evening.  We knew better but...still.  (It's like making that one extra bet at the casino where that tiny voice says no...but the larger, alcohol influenced part of the brain says go for it...and the result:  not so good!).
2	My girlfriends and I dined here as a last resort before our night out. Since we were very short on time, we told the server that we wouldn't be doing the all you can eat meat/seafood. When we asked him how big their appetizers were, he said that they were "very small" so some people in our group ordered several appetizers thinking they wouldn't be full with just one order. When the food arrived, we were a little upset because the appetizers were not small at all... they were the size of a regular entree!!! And trust me, we eat a lot so it's not like the serving was small and it overwhelmed us. The food was mediocre at best.... Lots of better dining options in Vegas.
2	On our recent "Eat Our Way Through Vegas" Tour, we were searching for a dinner spot, and because one of us was staying at Hilton's Elara - which is connected to the Miracle Mile Shops and he was given a "Take Care of My Crew" card by the concierge, we thought we'd give it a try.  I mean, come on, it's rodizio, right?Well, in a fitting tale of "not all rodizio is created equal," we learned that - indeed - Pampas is no Rum Jungle (GOOD GAWD, I miss that place).We had a reservation and didn't have to wait too too long.  Our waiter was a nice enough guy, but kinda felt like he was a banker or trader for a long time and had to take this gig to get a paycheck...it felt like he was partially checked out for most of the meal.The sides/salad bar was OK...I am not a huge fan of filling up when there is meat to be had...but there I was eating Tortilla Soup, (lousy) peel and eat shrimp and (delicious) Asian Noodle Salad.But we came for the meat...and I couldn't have been more disappointed.  What we loved about Rum Jungle is what we greatly disliked about this place.  The meats had no flavor.  Now I love a good steak...salt, pepper and a grill...no problem.  But here, I wanted marinated meats...I wanted spice rubbed meats...I wanted flavor...I wanted effort.Adding to that was there really wasn't any in-between as far as "done" goes...rare or well...nothing else.  The beefs were OK, the lamb was good, the chicken was too salty, the shrimp were disappointing, the scallops were a bit underdone...not what you expect for $40/pp.And a last note...there were certain meats we saw over and over...and others we only saw once...bad balance...they need a better routine.2 Stars and lucky to get the second.
4	Went for lunch on a weekday - Very Good!I had the Meat roditizo, unlimited access to the side bar (not salad bar) which was fresh and delicious, the cheese bread is my favorite. If you are looking for salad bar they have a few premixed salads (thus the disappointment of a few reviewers), on the side bar, but its mostly side salads, potatoes, soup, fruit etc...One out of the eight meats I tried was dry and two of eight I got a 'bad cut' (fat and grizzle). I enjoyed all, however with the sausage being my favorite overall. Sangria from the bar was delicious, although not very potent (if you are looking for such things).Service was attentive, although the hostess was not very friendly and I noticed other diners having issues with certain servers. Once the meats started coming, they continued at a good pace, with a emphasis on the chicken (often times paired with other meats such as bacon or sausage).Over all I was dining with a restaurant.com discount, and I was pleased.I will keep this in my roledex the next time I have the hunger for lots of meat in Vegas.
5	My second time here and it was just as good as I remember. First I must admit I don't eat beef. So my review personally is based on what I did eat - chicken and pork. The chicken wrapped in bacon is heavenly. I've tried to duplicate it to no avail.  Somehow they are able to infuse the chicken with the smokey goodness of bacon and it is amazing!!!  I love a nice crusty piece of ham. Again they somehow are able to do this and retain the juicy ham goodness.  Their side buffet of choices had scrumptious offerings too. I love the fresh mozzarella drizzled with balsamic, garlic mashed potatoes and cheesy bread. Nathan had his share of all the meats and said they were expertly done. Nothing bad to say about any of the cuts. We were waited on expertly by Dave. He was ever present with a refill and blessedly absent while we were chowing away. The wandering meat carvers were plentiful and made sure we found just the cuts we were looking for. This is a great deal with or without a coupon.
5	This place is a must! Our server was extremely friendly and knowledgeable. The food was excellent and came quickly. I will definitely dine here again.
1	Yuck!We ate here because we had a Groupon and would never pay to eat here. We had the seafood and meat rodizio and most of the seafood way over cooked and not fresh at all which almost made my stomach turn. The meat was ok, but everything tasted very similar. If you want a great meal dont eat here.
4	If you're not on the verge of passing out from hunger pangs, you should probably wait and come back later.  Because they'll feed you until you can't fit through the door.  If you've never been here, it will seem a little strange.  Servers walk around with skewers of meat and shrimp and stop by your table.  If you want some, they cut you a little.  If not, they move along.  Don't worry if you miss something or if you didn't get enough, they'll be back in short order.  The last couple of times I was there, I think I had the meat rodizio thingy, which came with a trip through the salad and side item bar and all-you-can-eat meats.  I like it.  I'll be back.  It's good casual dining for when you're (a) ridiculously hungry, and (b) don't feel like waiting in line at the Spice Market Buffet.Tip #1:  Find a coupon for this place.  Otherwise, it's a little pricey.  Usually, there's a girl standing out on the Miracle Mile handing out coupons.  You'll recognize her.  Believe me.  If she's not there, you'll find a coupon in some of those books people are always trying to hand you on the strip.Tip #2:  They let you bring in your own beer.  So hit the ABC store around the corner (on the Miracle Mile) and buy one before you get overcharged at Pampas.
3	Things got off to a bit of a slow start for us at Pampas as it took awhile for one of the meat servers to get to our table. In the meantime, we kind of filled up on the "Fresh Buffet Bar" offerings and by the time the meat servers started coming by, I didn't have much stomach room left! The Fresh Buffet Bar is far more than just a salad bar and in the future I would probably just have it alone for $24.95/dinner and skip the meat altogether. Among the salad offerings are various salads (pasta, tabbouleh, hearts of palm, greens), stews, rice, charcuterie, mashed potatoes...definitely enough to make a meal, and everything was delicious! As for the meats, they were fine - I just wasn't hungry enough to have many bites.
4	Meat was the best out of any of these Brazilian places we have been to. Seafood....not so much. They did have really sucky and somewhat uncomfortable service here.
5	I'm not going to even read the other reviews, the beef is amazing.
3	My wife and I bought a discount coupon for Pampas at Tix 4 Tonight on the strip. We were buying tickets for a show at Planet Hollywood, so we decided to go ahead and eat somewhere in PH as well. We paid $3/each for a $20/each discount on our choice of the Meat Rodziio or the Surf & Turf Rodizio. We both chose the Meat Rodizio for $39.95 (before our $20 off coupon). We presented the coupon to our server when we were seated and he was obviously familiar with it and he explained what our options and discounts were. Plenty of other people have explained how the Brazilian steakhouse concept works with the servers coming around with the different meats, so I'll skip that part.The food was good. The salad bar area was self-service and there were alot of options, mostly made up of dishes we were unfamiliar with since, I assume, they were Brazilian. Some of them were great and some of them we didn't care for but I don't think they were made poorly, I just don't think they all fit our tastes. No problem there though, we were trying new stuff. Overall the salad bar area was good.The different meats were good, some better than others. The fillet minion was excellent, as was their very tender ham. My wife and I both loved the grilled pineapple which didn't seem that appealing at first but it really was! Some of the other steaks and meats, were good, but nothing too exciting or better than you could grill up at home.We each ordered a drink to our table; my wife had an amaretto sour and I had a margarita on the rocks. We aren't drinks snobs by any means, but both of these drinks were undrinkable. We had drinks all over the Vegas strip and Downtown and we never had a bad drink except these two. I will give them the benefit of the doubt and say that maybe the bartender was sick or the servers have to make their own drinks? My margarita tasted like cheap, overly sugary sweet and sour and it tasted like something you'd expect to get out of a punch bowl at a frat party.HA! My wife's amaretto sour probably had the same sweet and sour mix in it because it tasted very similar. Again, I hate to sound like a complainer because everything else was pretty good, but the drinks wouldn't even cut it at a Chili's Bar & Grill. We didn't say anything or complain because we figured we wouldn't get anything any better.With the two drinks and the two meals our total was $99.90 before the $40 off coupon. All in all it was a good meal and I think if you've never been to a Brazilian themed steakhouse it might be worth going, especially if you get a coupon. I probably wouldn't return, only because there are so many great places to eat in Vegas, but again, we enjoyed our food and our time there.
3	We are frequent visitors to Las Vegas. The atmosphere is as advertised and the service was first class. I believe the menu is an acquired taste as it received mixed reviews for our party of 5. The red meat was prepared and presented well, but, the fish was too "fishy" which left us thinking it was not too fresh. We agreed it was an "experience" we are glad we had, but, we will likely not return.
2	I LOVE meat ! LOVE IT!!  So I was excited to get a coupon to go and my sister and I went for lunch. It was disappointing to say the least. Their goal from my perception is to be like either via brazil, fogo de chao, or texas de brazil and their execution is poorly done. They don't use the round stop and go cards traditional of a churrascaria so you're constantly harassed by the meat servers, unfortunately you're not harassed by your waitress. She rarely came to the table and had to be "flagged" down several times. Beyond that the meat was just... kinda blah.. It was salty but not necessarily flavorful. They claim to have lots of different meats but I personally only saw about 4-5 different meats circulating. You had to essentially ask for any other meats they carried.There are too many other really good Churrascarias to be bothered to spend my money here. I won't return.
1	If you like racist waiters, inattentive servers, over cooked meat and limited options then this is the place for you. Worst Brazilian Steakhouse I've ever visited. But the salad bar was nice.
4	John is a bit clueless as a server. when they brought around the seafood skewers they were grossly overcooked. I referred to the  seafood as being "abused," but john thought this meant it was so good that I was going to eat it all up.  "Well abuse that seafood, then!" was his reply. This remark actually made me giggle.The buffet selection was decent, although I wished they had more salad greens.The manager, was quite attentive, and he was quick to remedy the situation with the seafood by providing us with a freshly, properly cooked skewer. He even comped us dessert (this policy must be standard in the manager 101 handbook) We had the white chocolate cheesecake, which was decidedly more cheesecake than white chocolate. it was beautifully presented on the plate with a raspberry culee and mint garnish.Overall, I would recommend this place. Just make sure that the seafood is cooked to order.Overall our experience was reasonably pleasant. The staff was quite attentive (even when our "go meat!" Indicators were turned to red they still came sound to make sure we didn't want what they were offering).Thank goodness for Groupon for making this dining experience more affordable. Otherwise, there is usually a Brazilian themed show girl hanging out in the desert passage shops handing out coupons.Come for lunch because:A) it's less expensiveB) you have longer to digest the massive amount of meats you have consumed before it'sp bedtime!
4	Thought it was great, but skip the seafood...it was all real fishy...sides were great too!
1	Won't be going back again. Ordered ultimate with the sea food extras. Server stopped by with Shrimp one time. Meats were over cooked and under seasoned. Was not busy but waiter must have had too many tables as we had to wait for refills on drinks. The killer is they burned the pineapple. Salad bar was so so. Overall service and food was very disappointing.
1	Ive gone to churraacaria's before and this deserves half a star, their service was slow and  the sides were gross! Even the rice was gross, really, how u mess up rice,  Im not sure,  pasta was tasteless, the mozzarella tasted weird, The olives were super salty, the only side I liked was the kale, so meat was so so, why did the pineapple and ham not come together? I did not enjoy myself here and would not come back or refer my friends ro eat here.  Service is very very poor! We were a party of 6 and gratuity of $40, for very poor slow service.  Took them 20 minutes to get us water and the manager, useless! One of the staff said they were a little short staffed, but the manager just stood there and didnt even bother to help. Nice job manager!
4	I recently went to Pampas for the first time and it was a great experience!When we walked up to the threshold of the restaurant, we were cheerily greeted by Jack, who I found out was the manager.From the moment we walked in to the moment we left we were treated really well which led to an amazing dining experience.The food was delicious and there was SO MUCH OF IT!  The different types of salads, breads, meats, seafood, and desserts was fascinating.  I felt like I had to be rolled out of there I was so full.The location was easy to access, the quality of the food, and the attitude of the staff made this a very enjoyable experience.
3	I got just the pork and beef cuts they were on par, the salads bar was really the high light, fresh delightful eye popping colors, was very impressed. The service was great very friendly. I would go back iv there were a groupon or some other type of discount.
3	We had a Groupon which got the two of us the full meat and seafood all you can eat as well as the salad bar, two specialty drinks and one desert for $44, normal price would have been $88. All the food on the salad bar was outstanding, really fresh and tasty. The seafood was just okay, the shrimp and salmon being the best. The star of the show is the sirloin with the tri-tip a distant second. I didn't really care for the chicken leg or the sausage or the pork. The tiramisu was excellent. For my specialty drink I ordered the Caipirinha on the advice of our waiter. I had seen Anthony Bourdain drink them on No Reservations, it was really good! If we hadn't had a Groupon I'd have given it only 2 stars. I expected all of the meat to be exceptional.
4	WE love Pampas.  The food was all great and service as well.  I have had some better marinades before but overall good.   We used a Groupon cert and felt it was a good deal
4	This was my second time coming here.  The first time, we had a very large party, as we had a wedding, and they were willing to have a cake order delivered earlier in the day so we could have it that night.  This time around, we were planning to go here anyway on our trip to Vegas, so when we got an awesome Groupon, we jumped on the chance to go.  To be honest, there is a lot of competition in Vegas for peoples' time and money.  There are SO many restaurants, but I think Pampas really stands out.it's a nice combo of serve yourself and having a waiter.  There is a salad bar and small hot bar (which has delicious corn bread, baked beans, mashed potatoes, etc). and then they bring racks of various cooked meats and seafoods to your table.  It may sound silly, but I felt like a queen when I could either say "yes, I would like some" or wave the waiters away.  The people there did not seem to be the happiest of employees, but I was too focused on the delicious tri tip to care.  Our waiter was great, though, and was very attentive.  I asked him if one of the food items in the salad bar had nuts, since I am allergic, and he took the effort to not only confirm, but gave me a run down of all the foods I should stay away from.  I am very thankful whenever someone in service is willing to go that extra mile, given the seriousness of my allergy.  This is a must visit for us every time we go to Vegas and people who like meat really owe it to themselves to go (hell, I'm not even that big a fan of meat, but this place is awesome)
3	three dudes and a all you can eat meat roDizio, we each paid 39 plus tax Its okay, they only good meat is the lamb....I did enjoy the variety of plain sausage, perphaps I was just hungry.But the all you can at meat did include, all you can eat salad, which is actually good. we also did enjoy the hot wings and cheese bread, overall its okay....If you love meat, try a different brazilian place. the meat was very salty and bland.But service was top notch...the servers were top level.
3	I had dinner with my better half here about 4 months ago and I got this so called coupon which turned out to be not so great after all. Anyway the price was pretty high for all we ate but it's ok lesson learned. The meats served were quite delicious except for the lamb. YUCK it was disgusting. I do recommend this to those delicacy hunters that are coming to Vegas to visit. p.s The buffet could have been 10 times better!
1	Let me start by saying any place that has so many coupon users is trying to compensate for something(Insert joke here)The concept is great, "Carvers" come out with various meats on a kabob for you to try in an all you can eat, bring it to your table buffet. A salad bar is available to fill you up*AHEM* I mean to offer vegetables and there is a cart that you can order a special drink that they will make in front of you by crushing... stuff(?) together.Let me set the stage. Six of us joined together to dine out and this was chosen due to a coupon that one couple had. The coupon offered 50% off our dining experience!(Two for one to be exact so you need even numbers) So for $33 we could enjoy meat and shrimp or for $39 we could enjoy the full surf and turf experience. Now, I'm not a mathematician, but I do know a thing or two about math but 50% off of the menu price of $50 doesn't not work out to $39...? Wait? The SAME meal is $29 at lunch? But hey listen, this was our friends anniversary after all, let's stay in the mood... Salad bar - Come on, we all know the rules. Don't fill up on the salad! I read that the salad bar is mediocre in previous posts... they were right. A salad bar with no iceberg lettuce... two choices of salad dressing - Italian and something that looked like a mix of Soy sauce and Miso soup. But no worries, I am waiting for the steaks!BRING ON THE MEAT! The rules of the game were laid out. You get a wooden thingie with red painted on one side and green on the other. Green means "Bring on the meat!" and Red means "Bugger off, I'm full!" so you rotate it to your desired position. When we started, green definitely meant GO! We were bombarded with "carver" after "carver" with shrimp, steaks, lamb, chicken with Bacon, scallops... I had to turn my little "thingie"over to red within 5 minutes. For me, the excitement kind of ended their... The meat was hard to cut with the dull knives provided. You either got rare or overcooked depending on what side of the table the carver started on and the food was ok at best. Recognizing that people like meats cooked a different way, you would think a carver would ask what the preference was... but I suppose they are just carvers, we should count on our server to help... Uhm.. Server?When we sat down, we hadn't decided on our drinks yet so our server said he would be back.... he forgot to mention that it could be anytime that night... We were well into our food before I could finally wave him down. After ordering and waiting another 20 or so minutes I walked to the bar and grabbed the already waiting drinks and brought them to our table of cheering lighthearted friends. We didn't see our waiter again until the end of our meal... maybe he was disguised as a carver?Good thing for the drink table travelling around! Two polite girls asked us what we wanted for a special Brazilian drink. Not knowing what they were saying I said surprise us! They took 15 minutes to make 5 drinks. It was a good drink though, and they agreed with me, tipping their tip jar towards us so we could show our satisfaction at this concoction. Wait, we didn't get a chance to try it yet... maybe come back for the tip? No? okay... here you go... We were enjoying each others company when a host came up with a camera and mentioned how happy we looked(Maybe she was surprised?) and offered to take our picture for a "complimentary" photo. I had been in Vegas long enough to smell a rat and I wasn't shocked when our pictures came out - $30 for the group shot or $20 for the picture of us as couples. Perhaps they saw us coming a long way... they sold two pictures to our friends... My scottish roots came out as I started to clinch my wallet between one hand and my butt-cheek. The final bill... okay, I mentioned I wasn't a mathematician right? So I had the surf and turf, My wife had the turf and we shared three drinks between us(We would have drank more had our waiter existed) The other two couples had the same, except add one dessert each. So $39 x 6 plus desert, the added 20% gratuity, drinks maybe $8ea x 9 and two deserts for oh, we'll say $9ea = $435.... wait, what!? Our friends did some math on the other side of the table and decided it best to just pay up and enjpy our night... needless to say, I won't be back. Although the concept is good, turf service and mediocre food at surf prices earned this place every bit of the rating I gave.
3	This place is good for meat lovers but seriously that's about it. Service is slow and food is not that good. Salad bar food is not boosting my appetite either, maybe that's why they put the food there in the first place. So you'll eat less meat?Choice is very limited. I've been to other Brazilian restaurants that are 100 times better than this one. Like Samba in Los Angeles. They've even got Samba dancing too. Don't let Pampas define your opinion on Brazilian restaurants.
4	Amazing Service, Amazing Food, and Amazing experience.This was my first trip to vegas and found a groupon to pampas for a really great price .my boyfriend' and i decided to get it.Flash forward to today 7/30/13: everything at pampas was great. We really recommend this restaurant. The food was very good, except the reason for 4/5 stars instead of 5/5 was that some of the items were a bit to salty in my opinion. But still good! What really blew me away was their customer service, our waitress was awesome(i think her name is Kelly, long haired brunette)  and the guys serving the meats were super friendly. Even with an unexpected incident during our lunch that Pampas could not prevent they very kindly offered us another lunch for the next day on the house!! That truly says a lot to me about the manager and their staff. Now on 7/31/13 , we had a different server i think her name was Miranda or something like that. idk if she was new but She never checked up on us or anything it was always a different girl getting us new plates and drinks. So that felt a little weird but again we had a great experience here and definitely recommend it!! Thank you Pampas! Definitely a to go spot for us on our next Vegas trip :)
1	If I could give this place a negative digit rating, I would. It seems like everyone only goes to this place cause they have coupons, which a lot of people agreed was a false advertisement and wasn't worth it. If you dont want to read my long dragged out story about my experience at this restaurant, I'll tell it to you straight. This place is a joke. Money hungry jerks wanting to rip you off, and the food and service is terrible. Definitely not worth the money. I have lived in Las Vegas my whole life and have ate at some very prestigious and fantastic restaurants. This was definitely not one, even if it was much cheaper than it is. Point plank, AVOID AT ALL COSTS. Ok, let my story of this miserable meal begin. I admit I have never eaten at a restaurant with this type of menu or set up. Sort of a buffet, but much more complicated. I was with my good friend, we decided to go to miracle mile to do a bit of shopping. Once we found what we wanted, we decided we wanted to eat. He had eaten at a Brazilian grill similar to this in rio, brazil. He said he liked it when he had it, and all I really wanted was a lobster tail. We went in, got a table, and our waiter came over, I think I recall his name being Eric. He started explaining the menu to us. I didn't completely comprehend because all I really wanted was lobster with was $17 all la cart. pretty much you can get the unlimited salad bar for $25/person and add meat for an extra amount. Neither of us added the meat, so I don't know what it would have came out to. I just got the lobster, I wasn't that hungry and thought I would have been fine. My friend just did the salad bar for $25, no meat included. So no one came around to us with the skewers of food, so I can't comment on the quality of the meat. So first with the salad bar, it's about the size of kitchen island counter. Nothing really great, some lettuce, veggies, antipasti, and soup. Definitely not worth the $25. So we ordered, and my friend got right up and went to get some food. I stayed at the table, hoping my lobster would show up soon. My friend came back with a plate full of very low quality food. Right then I remembered my medication, that I need to take with food. No big deal, I picked up my fork and grabbed two small fork fulls of Caesar salad off his plate. Right as I took the second bite, which was all I planned on taking just to get my medication in me, the waiter came over and very rudely said, "mam, you can't eat off his plate, I have to charge you the $25." FOR TWO BITES??!! Ok, first, I am a 5' 3", 100lbs, 21 year old woman, it wasn't like I mauled his plate, or got up and grabbed my own plate. I freaked. I understand people try to pull stuff like that all the time, but he literally watched me pick up my fork, take two bites, and put my fork back down. What he should have said was "mam, if you want food from the var, I have to charge you $25. If not you can please put your fork down." Nope. He just said charging you $25 and walked away. I was very angry, mumbling cuss words under my breath. My friend was going to pay, and I wasn't going to allow him to pay for it when I didn't need or use the bar. Then my lobster came, just the tail, a cup of butter, and a lemon wedge. I cut it up, and looked at my plate. I couldn't believe it, I literally took three bites and the food was gone. The taste was good, but the portion was ridiculous, especially for $17. When I was done, I was heated. My friend flagged down the waiter and asked him if he was seriously going to charge me for the two bites and why he couldnt have pretended he didnt see it. The waiter went off, "sir, this is my job. I could loose my job over that." Blah blah blah. While I was thinking, who are you? Why the hell should I care about your job? I care about getting ripped off, not your problems. That's when we told him to bring over the manager. He said ok and went to go get him. He came back and simply said, "he took the $25 off your bill", and stormed away. Even the manger knew the whole thing was ridiculous. Needless to say Eric didn't get a tip.Moral of the story? This place is a joke. Food portion and salad bar quality is a joke. Ridiculous prices for not so great food or service. I am very angry with this resurant and I will definitely never go back, let alone acknowledge that it even exists. Avoid this place unless you want to be broke and left hungry and dissatisfied.
3	Bought a coupon on travelzoo; 2 for 1 all you can eat meat selections only with salad bar.  I've eaten at both Texas de Brazil and Fogo de Chao, but to be fair, I'll try to write a review that is unbiased. Reasons I gave this place a 3-star:1) I made a reservation at 8:30pm.  Got there at 8:37pm and they didn't even have a table reserved for us.  We had to wait 30 mins to be seated.  Ok...so what was the point of making a reservation??2) They seated us away from the salad bar, instead we sat near the bar area.  The bad thing is that we were away from all the action, so we had to wait to get another slice of meat.  It was literally one slice of meat at a time.3) Salad bar was great, but some of the meat was not cooked very well for my liking and bland. 4) Glad I found a 2 for 1 coupon because if I paid regular price it wouldn't be worth it.
3	Came here again this past weekend for the hubby's birthday. The meat this time
5	at first we started with the salad bar for lunch and it was so good we almost got full, it took a while for the meat to arrive (maybe because we were seated outside, so i highly reccomend sitting inside by salad bar) but when it did it was too good. so when i asked for bill i had presented a Travelzoo coupon which was only good for dinner which the manager explained was more than wha twe payed for so he offered us to a 2 for 1 deal for lunch and compted my boyfriends beer :-) yay and to top it off he had lived in my hometown for 10 year where we worked for same company. the manager was great. we are so going back and recomend this place to everyone.
2	We purchased a Living Social deal, $43 for two for the meat rodizio.  Awesome deal!  The salad bar itself is alright, and most of the meats were bland.  The chicken is really good though (especially the bacon wrapped chicken).  Our dirty plates and glasses were never once picked up, so by the end of our dinner, we had a pile of dirty plates and glasses on our small table.  One of the good things was that we made reservations through open table, and we were seated right away when we got there.  I think there's better brazilian restaurants in Vegas.  I won't be coming back.
3	An occasional Vegas tourist, I am always a bit shocked at the cost of food in the hotels and casinos every time I come back. The girls and I were looking for a quick take out dinner when we stumbled upon Pampas. Although we were offered $5 off for a Saturday night, we had to pass on a buffet out of fear we would not be able to squeeze into our dresses that night. On our last day, however, we returned here for our traditional buffet final vacation meal. At $15, this was significantly cheaper (albeit slightly smaller) than any of the hotel buffets. This was my first Brazilian experience so I have no comparison to others but the meat was delicious though a bit on the salty side. Other delicious items included the cheese biscuits, potato salad, and beef soup. We topped off the meal with a few slices of watermelon to cleanse the palate and went on our merry way. All have agreed this restaurant will be on the list for any future Vegas trips. See you next yr Pampas!
2	I was in Las Vegas with 3 other people for 3 days.  We chose this place to have lunch and were pretty excited to have the "ulitmate dining experience".  It was pretty disappointing from the moment we walked in.  We approached the hostess upon arrival and were brought to a a table outside in the mall area.  We asked for a table inside and were told all other tables were full (the place was empty).  We assumed that the hostess had been told by management to seat everyone outside the place first to make it appear to be busy.  We then went up to another hostess and again requested a table inside.  She was very rude and reluctantly allowed us to take another table.  Needless to say the hostesses were awful.The waitress was slow and not overly friendly.  The atmosphere was cheap and almost reminded me of a mexican chain.The salad bar was okay.  I highly recommend NOT ordering the seafood as it was awful.  The crab cakes came directly from the freezer and the shrimp was chewy.  I was also disappointed they didn't have plantains, instead serving fried bananas in their place.I do not recommend dining here.  There are so many wonderful choices in Vegas, Pampas Churrascaria is not one of them.
3	Great if you like meat. We went for my husbands Birthday and he is meat eater, he LOVED it! Even for me, I enjoyed the mushroom sandwich and the tempura veggies...very good. My 3 year old enjoyed the endless amounts of fruit and cheese from the salad bar. So at least there's a little something for everyone.
5	One extra star for the good environment! Another extra Star for the service! The food was whatevers but I loved the service. Most of them spoke Portuguese and one of them is Palmeirense. That's worth an attention.
2	Good service, bleh food.After receiving a coupon for 10% off, I decided to try Pampas on a Friday night before "the evening rush". The service was pretty good as we were seated immediately and had a good server. My only complaint was the food. While the salad bar was good (for what they had) I was disappointed at the rest of my meal (surf & turf). I'll admit, maybe my issue was expecting the food to be as good as Fogo... it wasn't. Some of the steaks were salty and it didn't seem to matter if you wanted rare or well. I honestly didn't have anything I really liked as everything they brought out was mediocre at best. Hopefully this was all due to one or two guys back there not having a good day... Then the server brought me the bill for two and I saw $95. I couldn't help but to think "MFer, for what?"Very disappointing
2	Was in vegas looking for something to eat on the strip. Walked into Planet Hollywood and saw this Brazilian Steakhouse. Well it wasn't what I expected at all. We got a half price discount for buying two meals. The meats tasted like something you would find at an average buffet. If you like buffet food come here. If not stay away.
2	I came here with my girlfriend on a Tuesday evening and I honestly never even knew this restaurant existed. We had found a groupon which was $65 all you can eat surf and turf + salad bar, plus 2 cocktails and 1 dessert. First off, it says $65, but after tipping (we tipped according to how much it would have been without the deal) it cost us about $95 total. It still isn't a bad deal because I think our total would have been about $140 (not including tax or tip) anyways if we didn't have the groupon.It was pretty busy when we got there so that was a good sign I guess. The waiter was very attentive and showed us the details of our deal and what we got. I was thinking that we get two free cocktails regardless of what they were, but actually there is a list of 4 to choose from. This includes a mojito, 2 brazilian cocktails, or a margarita. My girlfriend chose the margarita and I chose the mojito. I feel like the mojito barely had any alcohol in it, but the margarita was super strong haha.The salad bar isn't really that big compared to Via Brasil and Texas De Brazil. Regardless, I enjoyed the roasted mushrooms, pasta salad, beets, and cheese bread (amazing, might I add). I know my girlfriend loved the mashed potatoes and the cheese bread too.Ok, now the meat and seafood. The shrimp isn't peeled, which really bothers me for some reason. They do taste good though after you peel them and whatnot. The mahi mahi didn't taste right to me, and the salmon was OK - nothing too amazing about it. I think the best of the meats were the bacon wrapped filet mignon, bacon wrapped chicken, beef tenderloin and spicy sausage. My girlfriend really REALLY liked the bacon wrapped chicken though haha.For dessert we had the Tiramisu which was pretty good.Last but not least, service was great and our server was on top of everything. He kept our waters filled up and was very attentive, which is a big deal for me.Overall I think this place was OK....nothing too spectacular or amazing about it. If it were up to me I'd probably just go to Via Brasil especially since it is only 5 min from my house. I don't think we'll come back to Pampas.
4	My boyfriend and I bought the groupon which included 2 speciality alcoholic drinks, 2 meat and fish, and a dessert. The meat was fabulous, especially the sausages and their special meat. I wasn't crazy about the fish - mainly because the meats were so flavorful. They have a large sides bar. They also give you homemade chips and sauce. It's a great deal as you get a lot of good. Even better of a deal if you get the groupon. I would recommend going if you like meat.
5	We had a coupon from Travelzoo and were very pleased.  I have been to other Brazilian steak houses but this was the first one I have been to that also offers seafood.  The salmon, mahi mahi and shrimps were excellent.  The salad bar had a great selection including braised kale, kimichi squid, and crab meat salad.  All of the meats were excellent except that the chicken was a little salty.  The waiters keep coming unless you turn your indicator to red.  This was great because we had a nice variety and stayed full.  The waiters were also very attentive with refilling our iced teas.  They also serve pineapple off the skewers which helps with digestion so you can eat more meat!  All in all I was very pleased.  Yes its pricey but for all you can eat surf and turf its great.
2	Our third time in two years.Service was very good.But quality of food was just not good any more (not that it was ever exceptional, but much cheaper than other similar restaurants).We had the Lunch Surf and Turf Special. The first seafood (Surf) platter was not edible, cold and fishy. Our waitress did got us another plate after I told her it was horrible. They do not serve scallops any more even though it is on the menu.Salad bar sure is not as good as used to be. The only good item for "Turf" was Sirloin roast, everything else was either dry, tough, or salty (or all of the above).
1	Even though this dinner was virtually free (part of a package), they couldn't pay me to go back. False advertising! The waiting confirmed there are 12 meat items coming around. After 90 minutes, we saw 6. Then they repeated (maybe that's how they get to 12).  Michael, the waiter, thought he was 'all that' as if he worked in a 5 start restaurant. Took our order then we never saw him again. Even for water refills!The only good meat was the lamb and the rest was bland, tasteless. The salad bar was good, but not for their prices!  Get better food and service for half the money elsewhere. Rip off!
3	Went here again with the groupon.  For whatever reason, this time was not as good.  I was a bit disappointed that they stopped giving us the choice of dessert but instead it was "Chef's choice."  We ended up getting a delicious cheesecake, which was great, but I would have at least liked the option.What bothered me a bit this time around was that I was told I could ask any of the servers to bring out a certain meat or whatever.  I really wanted some more shrimp, and I literally had to ask 2 times for someone to come over.  One time the shrimp person was literally the table next to us and skipped us to go to the next table! (and it's not like they were doing volume control with me...I had only had 3 pieces of shrimp before).  I have been to Pampas 3 times now, which is quite a lot considering I always want to try something new in Vegas.  I think it may be time for me to try out another Brazilian steakhouse to see how this compares.
5	Bought a coupon for this restaurant at TixForTonight as it seemed a good place to try out. Suffice it to say we were very pleased with the service, variety and general deliciousness that greeted us. My first impression of Pampas was style over substance; in that regard I was very much mistaken. Yes, it is a fancy restaurant with a matching feel, however it is also warm, welcoming and infused with an overall pleasant feel. Our waiter Dave was a consummate professional. Our drinks were never empty and were strong and crisp. Despite the fact we had only an hour open bar we were met with no delays and were given precisely as much as we could drink in that time. His service was beyond reproach. What's more the servers and managers were also very on the ball, asking us consistently how we were enjoying our meal and if everything was to our satisfaction. The service here really was five star quality.As for the food: superb! The salad bar was fully stocked with more pasta, vegetables and sides than you could ask for. You could very easily and happily indulge only in the sides and still have a very satisfying, delicious meal without fault. However, to do so would be to miss out on the main event of truly sensational, high quality meats brought and served at your table. My particularly favourite was the perfectly cooked Sirloin and yummy spicy chicken. But all the meats were divine and well worth the extra money, if only for the variety and unlimited quantity you receive. My only fear is that this place was somewhat wasted on me due to my small appetite. But if you're a big eaten then I can promise this place will not dissapoint. Fair warning though: Pampas (as you might expect considering the unlimited nature and remarkable quantity) does come with a hefty price tag. It cost us $130 for the two of us (and that was including the discount). Expect to pay big.Overall, a truly sumptuous night out that I'll definitely repeat next time I'm in Vegas. Well worth the money.And remember: come on empty stomach.
3	It's an okay place, biggest disappointment was when a waiter girl had her hand down her butt. Just walking casually, gross... Food was okay waiter was pretty great!
3	Visiting Vegas from California, we decided to Groupon our entire trip. Lunch on Tuesday was Pumpas Brazilian Grill. We've had Brazilian food before so we looked forward to it. It felt like we were walking forever!  This place was so hard to find! My husband almost veto'd the whole thing, we asked for directions like 5 times!!!!We get there, 40mins late for our reservation by the way. We wait about 15mins for a table . The server was pretty nice, she was serving way too many tables to truly be attentive to us. But we understood. My husband loves to eat nothing but meat (no veggies) he didn't seem impressed at all with the taste of the meat. I was looking more forward to the salad bar. I was disappointed that the only salad available was Caesar salad and romain lettuce with some vinaigrette. I wanted more green salad options. There were tons of other salad I don't eat like: Crab salad, noodle salad, etc. but I craved more fresh garden options in the salad bar area. The seafood served was just average. Thanks to Groupon we didn't regret the visit, our bill came and we were pretty happy with the $2 bill. No offense but I won't be back. There's way too many other great restaurants to visit in Vegas than to waste time trying to find this place like a needle in a hay stack.
1	You will get people handing out coupons for this place everywhere in Vegas. Great advertising. But the truth is the place sucks. I have tried 3 times and never had a good experience. Small salad bar. Service is slow. It took us 20 even for the waiter to take out drink orders. The meat selection is not the greatest. I really didn't find it authentic brazilian food. It is an Americanized tourist trap. I heard Texas de brazil is better, haven't tried it yet. But Fogo de Chao is amazing.
2	Purchased a Travelzoo deal & decided to try the restaurant out. The restaurant is lack luster. The service was awful. I had to track down my server to request a refill of iced tea. The meat carvers kept passing up my table & I didn't experience the variety of meats as it seemed they never visited our table. The salad bar was just "okay". If the normal price is $43 per person then is suggest you go off the strip & visit Texas De Brazil which is a much better restaurant. I really wanted to like this place but just couldn't. My husband gave them 1 star I was generous by giving them 1 star.
4	For $20 all you can eat shrimp,mahi mahi,,salmon and crab cakes cooked perfect; you couldn't go wrong. The service was fast and friendly. Nice salad bar as well.
3	Positives are the quality of the meats and food. The negatives are location, prices and service which could have been a lot better. I am used to going to Texas de Brazil which is very different as far as service goes, but doesn't have the seafood selections this place has. We were only able to sample a few of their meats because they only brought out a couple choices. Compared to Texas de Brazil, it seems as if it took them forever to get over to our table. One server did make our meat well-done when requested so that was decent. I think Pampas needs to improve on their service and meat selections. We had to ask them to bring out certain meats so we can try it, we never had to do this at the other places.
3	Great for a meat feast but they will not give you their guest wifi code so no free wifi
4	My group and I bought lunch using groupon. I wasn't a fan if them having to sit us all separately but that's what we had to do. This is my first Brazilian style food service and I was impressed. About every 5 min we had someone coming by with meat. I think we had a total of about 13 different meat. I would return to this place for sure. Fun experience and great food.
2	Just wanted to give a quick review... over priced especially if you have gone to any other streak house. Most of the meat was under flavored and some was chewy and over cooked while others were pretty good. and the same meat was brought to our table it wasn't until we were full and at the end of our dinner they started coming around with the better meat . Also the shrimp was not peeled found that odd your at a nice dinner getting meesy peeling shrimp . Salad bar was ok ANd the thing I enjoyed most was the variety of olives in feta. We were not sat in a very cozy seat area either especially since It was a birthday and I had mentioned that when making reservations and they said don't worry we will do something special and nope nothing.   My main complaint was it took 20 minutes to get our first water and even with the groupon it brought the total to about 100$ my suggestion save your money and go to Texas da Brazil  over all it was an ok experience but I would not go there again unless it was free
3	So, a little background. We purchased a voucher on Travelzoo that was a 2 for 1 deal.  An $86 meal became $43.  After reading some of the reviews on Yelp, I was not looking forward to this dinner.  Prior to purchasing the voucher, I had read some pretty favorable reviews. That was 2 months ago.  I checked Yelp this afternoon before we went to dinner, and I found some reviews that trashed the place. Even though I am giving this place 3 stars,  I started out wanting to give 5 stars.  The food, in a word, was SPECTACULAR.  I don't know what restaurant some of these people were eating at, but both my wife and I found this place great. The salad bar was fantastic.  Lots of vegetables such as Chinese broccoli and pickled veggies.   Caesar salad was surprisingly good.  If you are a meat eater, you can eat yourself silly.  I especially liked the spicy chicken and a top sirloin that was a special of the night.  Before I get to my downgrades, some advice.   Don't bother purchasing a 2 for 1 voucher ahead of time from Travelzoo or any other site. We could not walk more than 50 yards without someone offering a 2 for 1 coupon on the strip.  Heck, there was some dude wearing some Brazilian bird outfit not more  than 50 yards from the restaurant inside the Miracle Mile mall adjacent to the Planet Hollywood hotel that was offering a 2 for 1 discount coupon.  Again, this would have been a 5 star review if not for a couple of things that our waiter did that were, let's say, disappointing.  When we sat down, he asked us if we wanted any drinks.  We said "no;" however, we wanted water.  He asked if we wanted flat or sparkling and we said flat.  Not too long after came a couple of bottles of Pelligrino.  About a half hour into the meal, my wife asked me " are we being charged for this water?"   I brought the waiter over and I asked him this question, and he said "yes."  I said "not a chance."  He got defensive and I said that nothing was mentioned about charging for the water, and our waiter, to his credit, told us that he would take the water off the bill. By the way, the cost of these two LARGE bottles of Pelligrino was $30.  One could conclude that this is how this place makes its money. The second thing that the waiter did was bring our final bill and it totaled almost $20.  Mind you, we had not purchased any extra sides and no drinks.  Our expectation was that we would receive a bill for the sales tax which should have been between $6.80 and $8.60.  I explained this to the waiter. He left to take care of it, and came back w/o any changes.  Instead, a 5 min explanation as to why the bill was correct. I was very calm and explained that he was incorrect and why.  He then realized that he got our voucher mixed up with another promotion involving the purchase of show tix.  He brought the check back  and everything was corrected. One more thing. Another reviewer trashed the place because he was part of a large party and was annoyed that the restaurant added a tip for everyone based upon the full cost of the meal BEFORE the Groupon discount.  He felt that the tip should be based upon the discounted Groupon price. This is incorrect as the waiter is being penalized.   ALWAYS tip based upon the full value of the meal before discounts.
2	BUYER BEWARE: A group of us purchased Amazon Local deal for 50% off. Reads: Dinner Fresh Buffet and drinks...one would think that this means meat, salad bar, and an hour of cocktails. It does NOT! The party expected to pay tax and tip and a little extra for one surf-n-turf...bill was $400. We got charged $20 per person for the meats, which wasn't disclosed to us. Meats were okay, sausage was like kielbasa, chicken had bones, salad bar was rubbish. Go to one of the other top rated Brazilian bbq joints on Yelp and leave this place to it's false advertising and sub-par food.
1	Don't spoil your evening. I paid a discount - 45.00 for two rodizio dinners. This place is worse than "BAD". The salad bar selections are 10 times better at a golden coral and fresher too. The servers bring around the beef, chicken and pineapple etc on skewers from which they slice onto your plate. The meat was so salty my wife and I couldn't eat it . There was no organization or timing as to when they came around. Initially they came all at once then they were nowhere to be seen. The food is horrible tasting. Service is better at McDonalds. Dining out should be enjoyable in Vegas. Save yourself the pain. Pay a little more - go to Mon Ami Gabi at Paris or east on Flamingo a few blocks to Roy's. It's worth it.
1	Very disappointed and unperfessional!!! It was my wife's 30th birthday last Saturday and a group of my family and friends came along to celebrate at what we thought was going to be a wonderful experience.... NOT!We purchased an Amazon special for a buy 1 for the price of 2. Not anywhere on the voucher did it say, Meat not included. The buffet is only veggies and a salad bar, and that is $45 regular price. Basically, what we got was the salad bar for half off, and free alcohol (only well drinks) for the first hour, not including the tax and gratuity.Little did we know that the meat was not included. That ended up being an extra $20 per person, plus tax and gratuity. Don't get me wrong, the meat was amazing and the service was great! The issuse we had, especially me, was when I asked for the Manager of the restaurant and the Chef came out after we receive a bill for $360!When I was approached by the (so called manager) he walked right up to me and said, "What's the issue here"? Not as any professional would approach a table and introduce him/herself and say their name and rank, also asking us the right questions and showing customer service the way I thought it would be.He said, "What is the issue"? As I began to tell him what the issue was and how my hole table is confussed as we had no idea and it was never indicated on the voucher, that the meat wasn't included and tax and gratuity isn't included, the hole time he had the facial expressions of, no matter what you say I will not help you, give you half off, listen to what you're saying, in fact I am going to argue with you and make this all your fault because you the customer of my restaurant that's never been here before is wrong and I am right! Let's not forget the fact that it's my wife's 30th birthday and she is pregnant, as we're having a great time and here he comes and reined the damn birthday party!Complete douche bag, inconsiderate, false leading and no compassion or understanding of the customer or to even listen and try to work with me and understand that it's not the money, it's the fact that my friends and family didn't expect another larger bill, especially after the servers where coming around serving meat and drinks we all were tipping well over $100 plus not knowing another bill of $360 was coming.Never!!!!! will I return to this place. I am embarrassed that I was treated with such disrespect and my wife feels bad after receiving the bill and we had to pay $40 each extra as a group per couple. I would rather have gone to Chuck e Cheese and all of us adults acted like kids again instead of being treated like a piece of trash.Don't worry, I am not the only one who feels horrible about the service I received. There's more reviews to come from other couples of the party. : )Thanks.
4	I've eaten here four times that I can remember. That's how I am starting this review. With quantity.Why's that? Because that's all this place is about. All you can eat meat is all about quantity. If you want quality, you go on the other side of the strip and you eat at the steak places in the City Center places. If you want a sword's worth of meat, you come here.It's worth the time it takes to chew through it all, though I do have some cautionary advice for you, depending on your evening's plans and how often you eat multiple pounds of red meat in a single sitting. Maybe consider this place on the night that you are not going to be bumping up against people for hours on end in a packed nightclub. The meat-burp-breath is not as popular as it used to be a few years ago. People are starting to move on to other fads, unfortunately.Taking a lady home? I hope you brought aromatic candles with you. Your room will smell like the dumpster behind a McDonalds by the time the sun starts beating against the blackout curtains.Five-hour flight back to the east coast? I hope the plane has a convertible roof, or you might set off the lavatory smoke detectors.No? You've got it all under control? Okay. I won't give you the last bit of advice then.Best of luck.
1	Bought a groupon to check this place out. Overall, not impressed whatsoever. Definitely will not be coming back. Was quite disappointed. Pros- They actually serve seafood. Salmon and the shrimp was the best. Mahi Mahi was over cooked. Cons- Portion size is too much. Like another reviewer said, it's all about quantity vs quality. If I'm going to end up paying $130+ for 2 person, I'd stick w Texas De Brazil or Fogo De Chao (it be cheaper and way better food)- Majority of the meat I had was too well done making it hard and chewy. BBQ pork wreaked of BO aftertaste. Thank goodness it came last cause I lost my appetite. I literally thought the smell was from the waiter but I was wrong lol- Floor is super slippery- Bar selection is not great (food and space wise). The layout and area is so small that you have people running into each other. Most places give you certain appetizers (bread, mashed potato and fried banana) but it was served buffet style. The fried banana was gross because it just like they breaded a regular banana vs using plantain. - Dessert was not great. Even the mint leaves were not fresh. - Service is lacking.
3	We went to Pampas Churrascaria recently on a visit to Vegas and purchased a Groupon for 2 for 1 meals (including the fish) and a drink each.  Whatever the specialty meat was and the sausage, were by far the stars of the meal along with the mojitos.  The rest of the meat was meh.  The plate of seafood was terrible and not even worth eating.  The salad bar had a great selection, but we stuffed ourselves so full of meat that we barely ate anything from the salad bar.  The mojito was really good.  We tried another rum based drink but ended up getting a second round of mojitos because they were delicious.  For the price, there is no way you should go here without getting 2 for 1.  Especially now that I've read some of the other reviews that show how prolific the coupons are.  I really prefer not to have to resort to coupons.  I really just want good food and good service at an honest price.  The prices here are jacked up more higher than Disneyland's to account for the abundance of coupons.
3	Utilized a travelzoo special, and glad we did.  Really enjoyed this meal.  The meats were all very good for my taste.  Seafood was terrible, should have known better in all honesty.  Service was right on top of things, can't complain there at all.  It really is too pricy for what you get, so unless you utilize a coupon of some sort, just isn't worth it.  Judging by the fact that EVERYONE in the area was utilizing coupons of some sort, must be their MO.
1	Just a sheer disappointment all around. We came here for my 40th birthday. We had reservations and we were seated within about 10 minutes. This is the only reason this place gets a star,  although I'm not sure I could give them 0 stars even if wanted to.We sat at our table for 20 minutes, and I never got a drink, or the little wooden marker so I could be served dinner. I get it,  you're busy,  but this is  inexcusable.  Forget thinking you're going to get a nice meal here.  It's in a mall.  It's over rated. And it's a huge letdown.After waiting like a castoff, I got up and left.  But first I gave the manager a piece of my mind. I couldn't believe his best suggestion was "you should stay here,  you're going to have to wait wherever else you go,  you should just stay here for dinner". Um, yea, I don't think so. Honestly, stay clear of this place.  It's just not anything special for the $50+ per head.
1	Oh my where to start! I guess we should have heeded the warning signs: got stuck in traffic, couldn't locate it, was directed to a gentlemen wearing feathers and giving out discounted drink & dinner coupons, then as we were getting near the restaurant another gentlemen trying to convince us to "stop in & try us out". We should have realized then they were trying too hard to get clientele into the restaurant. However, putting that aside we were seated shortly after arriving... and waited. Our server had a dismissive attitude and was more concerned about a dirty table needing to be cleared in his section than introducing himself and taking our order. Then after having to repeat our drink order three times he still managed to bring the wrong drink ...not once but twice. Thereafter he was pretty much absent from our table-- --however, very noticeably impatient with another couple as he kept looking at his watch as they tried to decide what they wanted. Towards the end of the meal he did inquire if there was any item we'd like more of and I mentioned the tri-tip which never again came our way. In spite of the service I was still hoping to have an enjoyable meal. Not. The food was way over-salted and the quality of meat was very disappointing. We also had the option that included the seafood of which their "go to" flavor was obviously teriyaki - teriyaki  salmon, teriyaki mahi mahi...  and the shrimp was soft and soggy. They also brought out crab cakes... deep fried, over charred pucks of shredded mystery seafood. Needless to say I didn't even attempt to sample one. Dessert was also included- we opted for the cheesecake however, between the odd tasting crust & the neon green gel-like stuff swirled on the plate after 2 bites my husband was "done".To say we were disappointed is an understatement--and within 5 minutes of leaving the restaurant my stomach realized it needed to purge everything I had consumed. So, we won't be returning ~even if it was offered to us free. Enough said!
5	Chose Pampas for our wedding reception dinner, and we had a great experience for our first Brazilian BBQ!!!  It is wise to reserve in advance, and when we checked in, they said it would be 30 mins. to wait, but to our surprise, they had a table for us in less than 5 mins...  Not sure if it was because we were still in our wedding clothes, but hey, it's nice to receive great customer service anywhere!  I love the concept of Brazilian BBQ, and we were always being waited on by the roving servers with the skewers of delicious and tender meats, large shrimp and the palate cleansing grilled pineapple, which was very sweet and helped with digestion of all the food...  The cold and hot food buffet was really good because it was not overwhelming and had stuff that went well with everything we were served.I thank them for their excellent service, as well as the delicious food!  They now have a repeat customer in my wife and I, and since she doesn't have Pampas in NY, I have one close to me in Palo Alto, CA, and may head there for a taste treat!  Only thing is that you should be there with an empty stomach, because it's difficult to say "no" or turn your card over to the red side, all due to the quality of the food...We had a coupon from Vegas Values, which you can find in all taxi cabs in Las Vegas.  It is for a buy one, get one free meat, steak and shrimp buffet dinner.  Regular price is about $64, but with the coupon, it goes down to $32 per person, which is more than worth it!  Thanks, Pampas for making our wedding reception a great one!
2	TLDR: go to fogo de chao or texas de brazil instead. service=inattentive. food=not memorable. This whole thing started when we went to a tix4tonight booth (not my idea) & bought $3 50% off coupons. Decent restaurants in Vegas don't & won't give 50% off (unless you're a high-roller, then you get lotsa freebies!), so right there you know this was a questionable decision. Service: we had to wait 15 minutes when we had a reservation. We were seated & told to wait...thank goodness my hangry ass took the initiative to get up & start on the salad bar or who knows how long we would've been just sitting...& waiting. Various meats weren't coming around frequently enough. We told the manager (I assume) & to his credit, he really tried to make us happy by checking on us & sending his men wielding skewered meats our way. I tried the grilled pineapple & picanha style of steak...great caramelization on the beef. Bf tried all the meats & he would give it 3 stars. Salad bar had the basics; nothing stood out as exceptional. Mozzarella & tomato salad, cheesy bread, & rice w/ feijoada were all 3-stars. ~ $25/person & I'm mad about every dollar of it! (I told my bf if we'd pay regular price for this, I would've caused a scene.)
3	Meat was little bit salty, but enjoyable.However, the server didn't come that often, especially after 1 hr staying.I couldn't get grilled layer as other customers usually take their portion on its way back to my seat. (I guess thatz how they save expense)Salad bar was two thumbs up for its wide selection along with good taste. Love its penne and cheese bread.
4	We had a Groupon deal.On a Friday night, I was surprised to see it was not very busy.  For the price, I thought it was very good.  Some meat was better than others, but there was a great selection.  They didn't bring the salmon out very frequently, but we were so full by then that it was ok.  The cheese cake was freezer burned on one end, but it was so big that we couldn't finish it anyway.  Our mojitos didn't seem to have much alcohol in them and kind of tasted like lemonade.  We thought all of the wait-staff were nice.  I laughed out loud when a server literally reached through some plants to slide a side of house-baked chips onto our table.  It was like we were being sneak-attacked with carbs.
1	Horrible. Do not eat here. I felt sick afterwards, and my girlfriends mom got really sick later that night. Service was horrible. And very overpriced for what you get.
4	A ton of food for the money, usually better in the weekends when the salad bar portion is better stocked.Service is prompt and efficient if not overly friendly.Located at the end of the fashion mall near the south exit
1	By far the worst Brazilian steakhouse.I have ever been to all the meat was dry all the food was very over cooked and not very fresh. The salad bar was okay. I was sucked in by a coupon deal. But even for half off this place was terrible. The service was terrible and when I complained to a manager they looked at me like I was crazy. The woman who claimed to be the new manager told me that she sent over some free dessert but when the desert came it was terrible as well and she acted like I could never be happy. I appreciate the offer but my point was to let her know that the food was terrible. But she just didn't get it. offering me a cheap desert on top of a bad meal does not make everything better so why should I be happy. she actually had the nerve to tell me she didn't think I could ever be happy because you offered me a free dessert and I still do not feel satisfied. Giving me a cheap tasteless dessert on top of a bad meal does not make everything okay. Probably the worst customer service I have ever encountered along with a terrible meal highly suggest you never go here.
3	The majority of the reviews I have read about Pampas are pretty dead on.  Variety of meats, most were very good, some were tough, but the bacon wrapped chicken was terrific - tender and tasty. The negative that lowered my star rating was that the staff was cold and unfriendly.  Our server was inattentive and could never be found for drink refills or our bill when we needed to leave.  Only one of about a half-dozen meat servers was friendly and eager to please.  He was the only server that was older. The young kid servers were a horrible representation for the establishment.  If they could clean up their act with their staff, I believe they would get 4+. Stars on their overall scores.
3	PAMPAS CHURRASCARIADecent Brazilian buffet of meat heaven!!!  Meat meat meat! Satisfy your meat lust by dining here at Pampas and savoring all the delicious meat on sticks, including steak, pork, and chicken. The salad bar is enticing and the roasted pineapples are a wonder. Bring your appetite. Walk in, but roll out. I've had better Brazilian buffets, but it's good enough to make your tummy happy.
5	Two thumbs up! Great service! Great food! Must try! -Daniel j group 2 culture and cuisine
4	Went for my class fab 333 ! Great experience great food! Had a great time with the class love it ! Self service but yet good service in the drink side !
5	Awesome service! Loveeeee their salad bar! Would come here again :DCulture & Cuisine class Stella Kim
5	Had a Great Time. Food was very good. I would have to say that the tri tip was the best.Culture cuisine Group 4 Steven Gonabe
5	AMAZING! Definitely will come back(Culture cuisine/Erin Cho/Group 9)
5	Like the restaurant very much! We eat much meats pork, beaf, chicken,like the juicy and fresh sausage so much! Yummy cheese bread! Would come again next time!   Mengxiao Cao Culture and Cuisine Group 2
5	Nice decor and services. The salad bar is variety and great! There are many options from salads to breads.   Culture & Cuisine Zhenbei Group 8
2	The staff is well trained to trickle the meats out slowly when you're eating, then parade them by when you're full. The salad bar was a mass of confusion with no distinctive place to begin and swamped with people. Their specialty of the house (ribeye) was too gristle- to eat both times we saw it. Very disappointing for what it cost. Heck, it would still be disappointing for $15 per person.
2	First off all, I am a very picky person. Usually when I go to a restaurant I care about quality and service, not price. So besides the price of the rodizio, which is fair, and the service, which is also fair for the price you are paying, this place lacks good management. The meats are served cold sometimes, dry, and the Caipirinha is overpriced. I am writing this to everyone who knows what a real Brazilian Churrascaria should be like (especially in Vegas). You will be better off going to Texas de Brazil, Fogo de Chao and Via Brazil (my favorite). Trust me, those restaurants I cited are a little bit more expansive, but a million times better. In addition, where is the manager in this place? Asking me how the service and food is doing on my table??? This place is a joke :/ I am a Brazilian foodie dude from Sao Paulo - SP. I know what is good... I should had trusted the reviews on Yelp, which rated this place kind of low and then gone to Via Brazil. But my gf had a Groupon so that's why we tried...Go to Via Brazil! That's a real Churrascaria that meets my standards of quality food/service in Las Vegas. For Brazilians now: Essa Churrascaria ta de brincadeira, ja fui em churrascarias de 15 reais na zona Leste de Sao Paulo que tinham um salad bar 20 maior e melhor, Carnes frescas. Nao eh isso que vc vai encontrar aqui. Food from the rodizio is VERY LIMITED. Some of meats served had no salt nor flavor, some were cold, and no Garlic picanha? ??? This place is a joke, it's burning the good reputation of brazilian food. Sorry, but I hope the owned reads it and decide to put a decent manager there........Two starts because the place looks nice, but the food and management is a joke as I explained above. Chef Gordon should visit this place.......
4	Went there with my girls this past weekend!We were trying to find a nice spot to eat before leaving to Los Angeles.  We walked through planet hollywood and found this place. And we love meat.  And we were very hungry.  And didn't bother checking yelp reviews. $5 off the $20 meat thing, forgot what it was called.  Decor was beautiful, service was great, and the food was good. Unlimited salad bar of course was great. My favorite was the mozzarella balls and the tiny little breads. Yummm. Now for the meats. I think we tried all 11 of them.  I liked most, loved one, and disliked one. The one I loved was their house special. Sorry. Forgot what it was called. But it starts with a P. That, in every Brazilian steakhouse, has the same name and it's their specialty. Yum.  Then the rest I liked. And the one that made me nauseous was the tri tip believe. It left blood on my plate. Don't get me wrong, I like med rare. But d*mn that was raw. Ugh. Meats are a bit salty for (everyone's) taste, that is why I give them 4/5. Left me dehydrated. Don't let yelp reviews take you away. People are just so picky, they will review this place a 1. Go and try it for yourself!!
5	This place was amazing !!!! Great customer service and the food was just to die for !!!! They had a complet salad bar with a variety if salads pastas and soups my husband and I got the meat rodizo with the shrimp bottle of wine and spent 100 including tip. Plus they also come around taking a picture of you and your guest for free ... They give you the option of purchasing the picture afterwards... Definitely going back on my next trip to vegas!
1	This place blows...there's not much else I could say to dress up this review.  If you're expecting some sort of elaborate description of the food and/or service...don't.  You're wasting time reading any further....just stay away from this garbage and try another Brazilian spot
3	We were here to celebrate my Mother's 75th Birthday on the 21st.  Thank goodness we made reservations otherwise there would of been a long wait.  The servers were are very nice.  They came around quite frequently.  There were 13 kinds of meats to choice from.  We really enjoy the House Top Sirloin and any thing wrapped with bacon.  The pineapple was a bit sour.  The salad offered a good variety of salads, soups, hot entrees and fried bananas.  It's a bit pricey, but was it worth it?  For the experience - yes!
2	The seafood is not very good.  The shrimp isn't pealed.  Otherwise, the meats were interesting and the service is fun because of the Brazilian style of serving food (they cut the meat at your table).  However, if you suffer from hypertension, heads-up: the sirloin and the tri-tip are VERY salty.The salad bar is pretty sharp too.If we paid full price, I would've hated the joint (we got a 50% off voucher).  Oh yeah.  It's pricey.  Plan on about $50-$6- per person.If you've never done Brazilian style dining, it's a fun way to go.  But we won't be going back for seconds...
5	It would be great if I could get the best of the best (Pampas) in Seattle. The service by Dave was efficient and entertainingThe meat let me know what the word Carnivore is all about. Great place. Use the
3	The best things I tried were the grilled chicken and the Brazilian fish stew. I really don't think that the Bacon - wrapped filet mignon was really filet. The food was ok overall, not great. The problem was that the restaurant is not clean. The booth bench seat was greasy and I refused to sit unless they cleaned it. Instead the hostess sat us nearby and they never did clean it in the hour we were there. The salad bar was also a complete mess. Ah well. Feeding the masses in Vegas I guess. Would not return.
1	If you like being lied to and treated with disrespect look no further. We paid $500 for a party of 4 on new years eve. It was pretty good, not as good as fugo de chao but we got lucky THAT TIME. The next night we called ahead and were told that if we showed up in 15 minutes they were not very busy. We were within the casino so we ran right over and were told 15 to 20 minute wait by a liar that claimed her name was lyzette.  She was latin with short  straight hair tied back in a pony tail.   Big smart attitude.After waiting half an hour and after seeing many people being seated that arrived after us I got up to see how long it would take. Lyzette the liar that probably made up the name said we were next. Then she kept calling more people in front of us so my wife confronted her again. She got a little nasty and argumentative  with my wife. We were then called and they tried to punish us by attempting to seat us in the bar which is a mile from the salad bar. We said we were offered a bar seat when we first arrived but wanted to sit in the restaurant.   That is why we waited to begin with. They made us wait another 10 minutes until I asked to see the manager who tried to seat us in the bar again. We walked out. These people do not deserve your hard earned money. They are rude jerks. Go to fugo de chao and vote these losers out by not going to their arrogant restaurant. If you want to be dismissed by a lying disrespectful child at the front desk then by all means spend your money with these ungrateful people.  Ill never dine there again and I will email all my friends in vegas to tell them to stay away.
3	The only reason to go here is because you can get half price from the tickets tonight place. If you really want good Brazilian steak... Then you're better off going to one of the more popular and expensive ones.If you're on a budget and you want a good buffet with a lot of Brazilian style meets that are average... This is the place to go. But I would not go and pay full price... It is best to go get the half-price discount vouchers.The salad bar is underwhelming it is not like the more popular Brazilian steakhouse is like Fogo de Chao .The fillet and other meats are also not top-quality meats...
2	This is probably my fourth Churrascheria that I have visited in the US, and I must say it is the worst I have been at. I got a groupon so the bill was not as hurtful but it was still astronomically expensive for the poor quality in presentation, taste and preparation of the food. First, the salad bar choices were so poor. Not enough variety and the quality and presentation was lacking (wilted lettuce, fruit platters not pleasing to the eye, etc). Second, the main room arrangement is really uncomfortable, we were very close to the tables next to us and the servers seemed contracted and tight, made the experience tight and rushed. Third, the meats were OK. The picanha was the only worthy meat cut other than that everything tasted like beef shoulder. The seafood was nasty and I was not able to hold my salmon down. Never got the chance to try the mussels or shrimp after I got sick but my mother tasted them and she said it was not pleasing at all and that she did not understand the surf and turf concept with is NOT brazilian. The only positive about this place is location, inside a beautiful created Italian Backalley in Planet Hollywood. However, I would not recommend this place and certainly would not return. Sorry!
5	I had a great time at Pampas! The food was delicious and the servers just kept it coming. My favorite meat was the lamb with balsamic vinegar reduction. Usually I think lamb is greasy and fatty. However, Pampas chose a nice cut and cooked it perfectly. It was tender and had hardly any fat on it. The only thing they didn't have were chicken hearts. I don't know if they were out or if they even offer that normally. (I know their menu changes)I would recommend Pampas to travelers looking for a fun restaurant and in the mood to over indulge a bit. Honestly, everything was delicious. I could hardly move after my meal. I think I'm still full actually.
4	I love going here for the service and atmosphere always have a good time here..food is very good too..
3	Without counting the garlic sirloin all  the other cuts need more flavor.  There's a good variety of cold and hot sides at the salad bar. The restaurant is kind of tucked away in the shops level and doesn't really get crowded.
3	Not the best, but certainly not the worst Stand outs: the salad bar.  Really.   The salads were quite good, and the bar also had a really great mozzarella.The best itself wasn't the best, but definitely better than average.The fish though... The mahi mahi just wasn't up to snuff
1	Horrible. Everything on the salad bar looked like it was either canned or sold in bulk. The place is run down and dark inside. The meats weren't memorable either. There is a reason they are practically giving away dinners here (any discount magazine, Planet Hollywood front desk, or online coupon sites).  Never too return again.
3	I suppose we are spoiled - we frequent Texas De Brazil on a regular basis, so we thought we would branch out and try a different churrascaria.  When Pampas put out a Groupon, we jumped.  But we won't be back.  We made a reservation, and checked in a few minutes early.  A couple arrived after us, was quoted a ten minute wait for no reservation, and was seated before us.  Really?!  The salad bar was mediocre and the cheese bread was self-serve.  The surf part of the surf and turf rodizio was salmon, mussels, shrimp with the shells on, and weirs tasting mahi.  The carved meats were pretty good - top sirloin and tri-tip.  Sausage was good as well.  Hubby ate the bacon wrapped filet and garlic sirloin with Caesar salad.  Our servers were attentive, and even attempted to fix our wobbly table.  But for the price, I'd rather spend a few extra bucks and go back to TDB.
3	This place is good with all the different meats that come to your table. It's expensive for what it is. I feel like they can offer better meat or cuts of meat. I've had better food at places in la. The salad bar is nice but I feel like food spoils fast there since all the bins with food in it don't have temperature Regulators
5	Always a stop when I am in Vegas. Love the lamb with the balsamic reduction!I don't visit the salad bar because I don't want to fill up on that stuff and miss the awesome meats.  I don't know why but the grilled pineapple is always a hit not to mention a wonderful palette cleanser!  I don't know what all of the haters on yelp are talking about bit I have never been let down by this place yet. And no, my relatives don't own the joint.
3	We got a really great deal from Travelzoo for this place and since my wife and I love the whole Brazilian steakhouse, we tried it out.  First, it's a bit of a tight squeeze in that place. They need more organization.  We made a reservation and was not seated for a good 20 min after we arrived.  Can you say, RUDE? The salad bar had quite good selections, but it makes you wonder if most of the stuff they put there was intentional (to make you full quicker).  There's seafood options (although not very good).  Their mahi mahi and most of their meat lack flavor. Actually there was a couple of meat that was TOO salty, but it beats the hell out of bland.  Our coupon included dessert which I'm sad to say was too rich and sweet.  I think that after an abundance of meat and protein, something soft and not overwhelming should be dessert choices.  But unfortunately, they didn't have the "refreshing" dessert choices.  All in all it was just okay.  My winner is still FOGO DE CHAO.
1	My friends got a meal voucher for this place so we went. We had a 6 reservation and were not sat until 6:10. My friends ordered the meat courses and I ordered the catch of the day. The meat came out way to quickly. People were constantly trying to put more food on their plates. My fish was unevenly cooked and tough in places. It was a huge piece of salmon and nearly flavorless. The beef my friends had was tough and not very good either. Overall the staff were not very professional or well coordinated. I wouldn't go back especially not for the price.
3	Decent price for ayce ($15). Be sure to check in to get the $5 off deal. Probably wouldn't go here again by choice, as the only meats I enjoyed was the chicken and the sausage.
4	I've been here twice with a Groupon and never had a problem. The first time my husband and I came in August '13 they had a person going around taking a photo of each party and then they gave it to you for free on a 4x6. I had made reservations and were seated right away. We got the full surf and turf rodizio with the endless salad/soup bar. The caesar salad was not the greatest but the mashed potatoes were amazing. The broccolini and the marinated carrots were good as well. The meats were very flavorful and I was stuuuuffed afterwards. The mahi mahi and the shrimp were my favorite. For dessert we got the cheesecake and it was amazing and rich,This time I went in early Jan '13 when there was way less of a crowd with my mom. Again, I made reservations and was seated right away. We got the same deal as last time I went and it was again, amazing. No guy with the camera though.
3	We came  for lunch.  Salad bar was good and the choices diverse enough.  The meat was o.k., but not outstanding.  Service was o.k., but not great.  Overall, I would probably go back for lunch, but I'm not sure if there is enough value for dinner, as the restaurant is a bit pricey for what they give you.
2	The atmosphere was pretty good. It was interesting to see their sliding glass walls to open up the seating outside however I wasn't impressed with the fake plants everywhere. The service was great, the waitress that we had was very attentive and made sure that we had what we needed to be comfortable. There were a couple of things I didn't like about Pampas; first, someone from the restaurant offered to take a "complimentary" picture of us. We agreed and ten minutes later she came back out and gave us a small picture with a 10% off our next meal discount. That wasn't the bad part - she also brought out two larger pictures, one with a Vegas themed border and one without for a price...what is this!? I just wanted to eat at your restaurant, I didn't want to be sucked into a sales ploy...Second, I ordered the salmon sandwich with ceasar salad and it was TERRIBLE. There was NO flavor, the bun was dripping with grease and the cheese was so thick I almost chocked on it. The ceasar salad did not taste like a ceasar salad at all! In fact the only thing I could taste was lettuce and the fake parmesan cheese that it was doused in. Not only that but an hour later I was feeling sick wondering if I was going to vomit or not. My husband had the steak sandwich and the steak was tough, there was NO flavor and again the cheese was incredibly thick. Would I go back? No. There's too many options that are 100 times better than this for half the price in a five mile radius alone.
2	There really any good cuts of beef and the selection is limited. The piece of Chicken I had is really not too fresh in my opinion.  The veggies are old and not fresh. If u do decide to give this place a try make sure you ask for discount in front of the restaurant or talk to your hotel concierge. They may be able to combine your meal with a show for less.   Desert is not included!
5	I was here right after my visit to Brazilian and this was so much better than the ones I had in Brazil.  I was in Brazil for two weeks and had many BBQ but for my taste I like it here so much better.  I think this place is better than FoGo de chao in Brazil. My husband also agreed.  What I don't understand is how they got a such a low rating.  I loved it. Best I had so far in the states and brazil.  The very best I had was actually in Mexico
3	We had reservations but still had to wait 30 minutes, the waitress was hard to understand, with a heavy accent.the food was plentiful and it continued, the salad bar wa s adequate we added the seafood extra, a lot of the meet was way overcooked
5	The food, service, ambiance and location was excellent. Looking forward to going back there again.
4	avoided a long wait by sitting at the bar but still received full rodizio service and lovely bar service. Highly recommend the roasted chicken- cooked to absolute perfection. Everything I had was delicious, especially the marinated olives, roasted asparagus, mashed potatoes, and the little cheese rolls from the buffet.
2	First time at restaurant and got a deal for dinner on Groupon for $65.00. I made reservations for 7:15. We got to the restaurant at 7:05 checked in with the front and they told me it would be about 10 minutes. No problem we went and walked out in front entrance for there was no seating inside but stood by the entrance. We had been waiting for about 15 minutes and walked back to check if they had our table. The front desk asked me for my name again and said have a seat. About another 15 min go by and they finally called our name and the host had told me they called my name already and another guest had taken our reservation and was seated. No big deal it happens. We waited almost 10 minutes for a server to come to our table. He just took our drink order and walked away. We sat there not knowing what to do here and how it worked. He finally came back after a long time had passed with our drinks and explained what we were to do. Salad bar was very delicious but I was not too happy about the meat carvers. We only had 4 to 5 different carvers to table and 2 was the same meat. We has one serving of shrimp/salmon and one serving of pineapple. We were there for an hour and a half from time of checking in and eating. I would never pay full price for this place for customer service is terrible. The salmon was absolutely terrible. I would never recommend this place to anyone.
2	Skip this place and go to Texas de Brazil! The food is mediocre and the quality of the meat here is not the best. The hot good in the salad bar area left a lot to desire.  If you pay extra for the seafood option you will regret it. We were with a large party and the waiter received at least $400 tip, way too much for the service he provided. Won't be back.
1	I was there with 7 of my friends, we made a bill of $600, were sitting there for 2 hours and than the manager came to us to say we should leave the table as we "were sitting for too long". All of use left pissed off.
1	I have never given a restaurant a bad review before. For the price you would expect something great...not the case. The meat was mostly too tough to chew and the seafood was overcooked. I will say that the Pork and the Pineapple were very good. Also I will say that the manager was very accommodating.All in all, I am not going back.
4	Groupon! Saved so much money by using it. We looked at the final bill and was like wowwww. This was a very unique experience for me and my boyfriend. I've never had waiters/waitresses come table to table with meats and assortments. I was a huge fan of their seafood such as the mussels, which I couldn't get enough of! There was a lot of assortment of meats and they had an open salad bar. The meats I tried were all good, I felt some were too salty for me to really enjoy. I really liked the french onion soup they had also, yummy! Enjoyable/delicious!
5	I think this was one of the best meals I had in Vegas! Lots of different kinds of meat and an excellent salad bar. The service was amazing!  Pampas has a great staff. I recommend making a reservation - we were there on a Sunday night and it was CRAZY!
3	Went to Pampas three times and finally decided to write a review. The first time was a special date night with my wife, the second with a wedding reception and the third was a family reunion. The food was average when compared with other Brazilian steakhouses in Vegas. You can get a great deal on restaurant.com. The meats were average, but the pineapple was amazing. The salad bar was mediocre. For the price and with the coupons it was still a great deal and a wonderful time with friends and family. It's a step above Yolies but a couple of steps below Texas De Brazil, and even further from Fogo De Chao.
5	We got a groupon for the BigBus and lunch.. and this is what we got. The salad bar was pretty big and they also had fried shrimp, artichoke hearts, fried rice, and everything you can put in a salad.. but the best part was the parade of meats. They had chicken, steak, tri-tip, pork, and ham.. oh yea and roasted pineapple. . I wiuld do this again but never without a groupon its expensive!!
4	I've been dying to try a Brazilian steakhouse for awhile so when I noticed that there was a Groupon for Pampas that was valid when we were going to be in Vegas, I jumped on it. I purchased the lunch deal which included two all-you-can-eat meals of meat, seafood and salad bar, plus one alcoholic drink per person and one dessert to share. It ended up being a great deal!We checked out the salad bar first and I was slightly disappointed by it. I was expecting more of a green salad bar and less of the pre-made pasta salads. The Caesar salad was soggy, which seemed odd considering that the restaurant had just opened less than 30 minutes before. The standouts of the salad bar for me were the garlic mashed potatoes and chicken noodle soup, which I found helped to give me a stomach a relaxing break from all the delicious meats. And speaking of the meats, those steaks were amazing! Both the tri-tip and the top sirloin were melt-in-your-mouth delicious! As others have mentioned, they're rather salty but I, for one, have a salty tooth so I was in heaven! I loved having the meat carved right at our table and being able to have as much as I could fit in my tiny stomach. Unfortunately, the other meat was mainly pig-based and I don't eat pig so I skipped the ham, pork loin  and even the bacon-wrapped chicken. I tried a chicken leg but didn't care for it. Besides, the steaks were too good to bother with anything else. Thanks to Yelp, I read how amazing Pampas' grilled pineapple was and I knew to request some. I think that they usually bring it by your table but after 30 minutes, we had yet to see any. We asked our waitress and she notified the kitchen to bring it out. It was so sweet and delicious and balanced the rest of our meal perfectly. Our meal ended with a choice of one of four desserts. I'm probably an odd one out here but none of the four choices (cheesecake, chocolate cake, flan and tiramisu) appealed to me. I'm more of a pie or ice cream kind of girl. I would have chosen the chocolate cake, even though I'm not a huge chocolate fan, but my boyfriend wanted to try the flan so I let him have it. I was too stuffed from my meaty meal to have much room for dessert anyway. All in all, I'd definitely come back with another Groupon next time I'm in Vegas.
1	I will NEVER go back. My brother took me once and we had a great experience. My husband and I purchased the groupon deal for the last time and wow it was awful. We sat in the crowded room with oyr table about a foot away from the next table, so there was no privacy. We sat THERE FOR 15 MINUTES until I asked one of the many people walking back and forth if we could get some service.  The couple sitting next to us got so upset they left. We had already paid so we decided to stay. The drinks were EXTREMELY sour, like it was the bartenders first day. The mashed potatoes had no flavor and all the meat was cold, chewy and flavorless. Worst money ever spent on a restaurant. Pick fogo de chao or texas de brazil instead.
4	My husband and I loved Pampas Churrascaria! I have been on cruises and  the amount of food I consumed at on a cruise does not even compare to the expanded waistband I received at Pampas. Their surf and turf option makes this Brazilian steakhouse unique to Las Vegas. The service was incredible and the tables are close enough that you can socialize with the guests on either side. There are almost always groupons or coupons in the entertainment book for this restaurant! I highly recommend this steakhouse.
5	Well I'm kinda sad some of you had a bad experience while my wife and I had an amazing one. We came for lunch today since we had a 100$ comp from a time share presentation and it was for our anniversary. My wife and I both got the surf and turf, an yes where the salad bar lacked they made up for their main food. We loved all the meat, never had Bacon wrapped chicken but it was awesome, best sausage ever! The sea food was a little small portioned but after we finished the first dish the waiter asked us what fish we liked the most and brought us those, the only one we didn't like was the swordfish, I never tried it before an was a little fishy. Loved the salmon, shrimp and crab cakes. The servers were non-stop! Our plates were never empty. Their passion tea was great! The manager came over to check on us and to refill our drinks for us (which I feel more personal when the managers take care of you like they're a server). For dessert my wife had the Tiramisu and I had the Cheesecake, which neither of us could finish cause they were so big!
4	Food was good, beacon wrapped filet was great. Kinda disappointed about the salad bar and sides but would definitely come back if I had a craving for too much red meat.  Service was fine, seating was kinda a close.
5	Love this place, I'm never disappointed and the price is really affordable.
1	Terrible, Terrible, Terrible. The meat was overcooked, the service was just ok. And when I asked for better prepared meat the manager came over and basically offered no help. There are many other choices in town and this one is a waste of time and money, Even with their coupon.
4	I was a little hesitant to go to this place based on the reviews, but I was pleasantly surprised. We got the $24.95/person price from tix4tonight which was an awesome deal! The salad bar had a lot of good items such as the garlic mashed potatoes and the strawberry salad.  We had been to a Brazilian steakhouse before so we knew there wasn't going to be a lot of items to make your own salad. The meats that I ate were delicious! The tri tip and flank steak were my favorites! I would definitely come here again especially being able to eat here at half price.
4	This place is exactly what you think it is: meat, meat, meat, and more flipping meat. Ps they have an incredible salad bar but the server stated when we sat down that we shouldn't waste our time with it. I did anyway and have 0 regrets. I have never enjoyed braised kale so much. I went here last night with a group of about 20 people. We ordered the meat buffet (all you can eat) and bottomless drinks, which is always awesome. We were served by a lovely gentleman who was quite attentive and considerate. I left there full and satisfied with my experience. At one point we had a few lovely ladies (I only caught one name: Carla) bring us a traditional Brazilian drink which to me tasted like a raspberry daiquiri. It was really, really, delicious.Clean atmosphere, nice people, delicious food (fillet minion wrapped in bacon anyone?) I would def come here again.
1	This place had so many promoters giving out 2 for 1 coupons for dinner shouldve found that fishy in the first place, u dont see people promotin wolfgang puck. They all said it was delicious n we never leave vegas without a buffet so we decided to give it a try. Anyways decided to check it out. Hostess was very nice, server made us feel very unwelcomed.  The way the restaurant is set up is really weird. You have to walk to the other side of the restaurant to get to the buffet. Every single thing from the buffet was bland. The meats that were brought to your table are mostly medium rare or rare. So if ur not into bloody meats stay away from here. The only meat that was good was the tri-tip. I would never go back, there was nothing really i liked and i felt so unwelcomed. Try elsewhere,Enjoy vegas.
1	If you are looking to eat a great variety of meat, DO NOT EAT LUNCH here.The salad bar is great, but during lunch the service wasn't that great.I noticed several customers sitting at the bar, only to be ignored by at least 4 staffs members, in Vegas everybody assumes that the bars are open too. It wouldn't be a big deal to have a bartender mix the drinks and let the servers do their job, and not Going behind the bar to make a caipirinha.The selection of meat wasPicanhaChicken wrapped on baconHamTri-tipAnd PineappleThe house was busy and the meat servers skipped tables while serving , well we're there to eat meat... Even though only 5 kinds I excepted more quantity and VARIETY.Just a few adjustment on management and I will revise this review.
3	Decent salad bar, mediocre service, and tasty meats make up a nice eating experience at Pampas. It's not Texas de Brasil but neither is the price. Be sure to get your tickets and reservations from Tix4Tonight to save about $7. Lunch came in around $16 per person with a simple drink.
1	Yuck! Every meat was tried, none were liked.  Very expensive. Dinner with a glass of cheap wine was $140 for two.  Service was fair at best.  There are far too many great restaurants in Vegas to waste your money on this place. I live and work on the strip and will tell everyone not to visit this place.
2	I've hit every Brazilian "churrascaria" in town, even every one in Rio De Janeiro, Brazil...and Pampas, BY FAR...ranks bottom of the barrel in food quality...the 3 other ones in Vegas are far superior.If you come here and pay full price you are silly...as they have 2 for 1 offerings all over town and on the internet if you search long enough...and THAT is reason enough to try it out and think, well, $20-$25 per person is somewhat reasonable as their competition in town seldom offers deals and you end up paying over $120 for two (tax +tip) but for far better quality and excellent salad bar.Service:The last time I was here, we sat for over 7 minutes to start out our meal before we had a "gaucho" come over ready to carve out some meat...and they aren't that personable like in some other places, kind of robotic.The salad bar doesn't have much...throw a couple hearts of palm on my plate and I'm done...not going to fill up on fettuccini alfredo.The best cut of meat for me was the leg of lamb and the balsamic vinegar mix they use to sauce it over, but of course that came around once over the course of an hour and we were sitting in the middle of the room.The filet mignon is bacon wrapped and too salty and extremely tough for what is supposed to be the most tender cut of meat...and I hope you like it medium-well because that's all they had.If you can find a coupon, I'd say give it a shot, but if you want quality and really good food try Fogo De Chao, Texas De Brazil and Via Brasil here in Vegas. The quality of meat at Pampas vs. it's local competition is like night and day.
5	Went to lunch with my college class, We had the buffet. Lots of choices- salad, rice, potatoes, vegetables, soup, fresh mozzarella. Service was good, very attentive for such a large party. The wait staff was always there with fresh meat, the quality was 5 star. would highly recommend!!
4	It was great! The meats were so good. The salad bar was great too.Staff were all kind as well. I would go back to this place!
4	Yes service was slow at first. But then they got on point. Food was very fresh. Delicious and appealing to the eye.  Don't load up on salad bar you will get full easily. Go during lunch we went when b they first opened in the late morning and the food was just out of the oven.
4	It was a class field trip. Our professor ordered food for us all. Their barbecued sausage was very tasty. It smelled so good and tasted special. The steak was very tender and juicy. It was also my first time having cooked pineapple. Kind of wired but turned out not bad. The salad bar was just so so. Staple food, vegetables, and fruits were provided as in a buffet. In general, it is a good place for meat lover!
4	This place is great. Came in for lunch and really enjoyed myself. The buffet was fresh and the meat coming out of the kitchen was hot and delicious. Make sure you try the roasted pineapple!
5	Lots of choices- salad, rice, potatoes, vegetables, soup, fresh mozzarella.
3	Good.This restaurant serves the most delicious food in this area.
5	I went to there with my friends last week. The meat is good. And they have salad bar. The grilled pineapple is good.
3	Been here several times , nothing too special.  The salad bar is decent but not a big hit , meat is often either rare or dry and burned . We have had a few good servings of meat and when it's good its good .Service was always great for us and they keep the meat coming nonstop. I have to agree with others though the coupons keep me coming back.
3	i give this place a 3 rating, due to lack of service. i asked for refill and took them so long just for a refill, food is ok, leg of lamb is ok, but not much of a variety as other churrasquerias.
4	This place isn't as good as Fogo de Chao or Texas de Brazil, but for a place in a mall on the strip its quite good.  The service has been favorable both of the times I've dined here.  The meats are flavorful and well cooked.  The chicken is pretty good too.  The shrimp and crabcakes are tasty but the fish isn't anything special.  The salad bar is so much more than that.  It has some very delicious items: calamari salad, fresh mozzarella, antipasti, soup, side dishes, and the tasty cheese bread puffs.  The tiramisu is awesome, but the cocktails are sub standard.  Try it out and get a groupon or amazon local coupon.
4	This place is awesome I'm every way, 5 min after being seated we already got our food. Fresh and tender melt in your mouth steaks. The seafood was ok but if return for the steak and chx alone.
1	Having dinner here was an error in judgement. After a busy day we had a later dinner & there were not a lot of options. I've been to a few if this style of dining in other cities and really enjoyed it however this one missed the mark. Salad Bar - decent good with some variety Meats - most were chewy and lacking flavour with the exception of the lamb. Surf- a seafood mixed grill plate. Salmon was mentioned but wasn't on the plate. Grey meat, limp shelled, cold grab. Ok shrimp. Pineapple this is what we cave for. It was not the lovely caramelized version I'm used to but charred lukewarm fruit. Staff - served by Andreas. (sp?) and he was attentive & courteous. The guys that brought the assorted meats were all pleasant. I am writing thus review while still at Pampa. We are seated near the bar. At the bar are some off duty staff including some that did not work today. I know this because they are drunk and speaking so loudly we can hear their entire conversation....including profanity every fourth word. There is a reason that most places don't allow staff to drink on site.Basically this place survives because people sometimes like us don't make dinner plans early enough and end up here. If you have another choice go there. I wish we had.
1	Greasy floor and raw tenderloin. We ate here on May 22 and wish we hadn't!!  Overpriced and lousy salad bar.   Even the coke was terrible. We are from Brasil and know good barbecue. Even though the waiters were Brazilian, the food fell fall short of even the lowest-priced places thereThe meat selection was limited and cleanliness is clearly not a priority. To top it off the tables rocked. Can't restaurants have stable tables?!?
1	One of the worst meals ever!  I have been to may great Brazilian barbeque restaurants includin M Grill in Los Angeles and Fogo de Chao and this place is terrible.  They flat out don't bring you any meat and when you ask for the expensive meat they just don't bring it to your table.  When they do bring you meat you wish they didn't bother since it was either overcooked, undercooked or just chewy.   The service was even worse than the food.  I asked for tri tip three times before they brought me some charred meat that looked and tasted like charcoal.  I asked for a glass of water 2 times and had to go to the bar to get it myself and they simply refused to bring you a clean plate, after asking for one 2 times I gave up. The sad reality is they know you are a tourist and you won't be eating in Las Vegas on a regular basis so they don't care if you are happy dining at they restaurant.
2	Went there with a coupon for buy 1 get 1 free buffet for $19.99 with 3 other people.  Got the bill and it was $110.00.  Found out that the 2 for 1 meant that they cut the price from $44.90 to $19.99 meaning 2 meals for the price of 1.  Poorly worded and misleading coupon.  Service was decent, coupon made me feel otherwise.  Especially after our waiter told us the bill would only be a little more than $44 with the coupon.
1	Total  tourist trap...totally disappointing..me and my boyfriend had 2 for 1 coupons and yet still felt ripped off.  The quality of the meats they served were cheap buffet quality,, something u would feed the masses .. After we tried all the meats  and seafood and realized they weren't getting any better , we tried the salad bar, another disappointment ... What restaurant keeps crunchy fried taquitos in  a steam table what a soggy mess?. Really for $38 to  $49 a person... Shame on them!
1	Just terrible.  Crappy service, unfriendly waiters.  We had to ask five times for more shrimp.  We got the 2 for 1 coupons and they tried to charge us full price anyways, then took forever to come back with the bill.  We waited over 20 minutes to get our bill back with the correct total before we could leave.  The restaurant is dirty, and clearly not cared for very well.  I should have known better than to take a deal from the street guys, when in Vegas, spend like you're in Vegas and go somewhere that knows how to treat you.
1	Slow and overall bad service. Server didn't come when my party sat down. Waited 5-10min and we had to flag down someone to get us started. Drinks came pretty slowly as well. Salad bar is alright. Meat was either salty, tough, or overcooked in general. We asked for different types of meat, cause only 4 circulated to us over the 1.5 hours we were there. Tried to pay the bill, had to wait so long just to get it. And forever to get the cards processed too (split bill). Avoid.
1	If I could give 0 stars I would.  We made a reservation online using opentable and arrived 5 min early... There was a line of people trying to put their name in, so we waited patiently. Multiple people came to the hostess station seeing the line and kind of looked at us all standing there (while the hostess was on the phone with a customer) and would walk away... When we finally got sat, we sat at the table for close to 10 min while the waiter I'm assuming we were supposed to have walked by 3 times saying he would be right over.... We needed up walking out.
2	Quite simply the worst Brazilian Buffet I've ever had. I've been to a dozen. Pros -Ok price if you get groupon, restaurant.com, or other "deals"Very clean, great location if you're at Planet HollywoodDecent food selectionCons - Worst meat cuts of all Brazilian steakhouses I've ever experiencedSmaller selectionDismal poor salad bar comparative to regular Brazilian buffetsService is "rare".  In other steakhouses someone stops by every minute, here you might not have someone stop by for a while, and then you're full and ready to go home - maybe it's their strategy.  Several times when I'd asked for well done I was told "sorry we don't have it". like what? Sorry you don't have well done meat? When they do stop by you might not see the same meat cut ever again and since it's not self serve, you're S-out of luck unless you ask them specifically to bring another serving of something you liked, which may take a while. This really isn't as much all you can eat as it is "all we think you can eat while we have it by your table". But it's not just about quantity, like i said, service, meat cuts, preparation, and quality aren't nearly what you'd expect from places like Fogo De Chau or Texas De Brazil.  Pay a little more, and get gazillion more quality, quantity, and far better service.
4	Though we were there at a slow hour (3 PM) food came by at a pretty good pace.All the meat was hot and fresh. Some meat was juicy and some was well done. Many varieties of meat. This was our first experience with a Brazilian steak house. It all tasted so fine. We also had some of the food from the salad bar and chocolate brownie cake for dessert. It was all so good.
1	DONT WASTE your money here! The hostess doesn't look happy that we went there. No smiles what-so-ever. Food came to table at a very disappointing pace. The endless shrimps as advertised on coupon never came. Food is mediocre at best. I should have checked Yelp before hand. Definitely the worst restaurant we have had in recent years. PERIOD.
1	I just went there and try to get a table. First the wait is 30-45 min. You look around and there are many many empty tables!Second, the hostesses are rude!!! Too much of an attitude toward the clientele!People is complaining about food being cold! And we witness 2 tables ask for their checks!Bottom line this place needs better management! Am not coming back until I see better reviews! Las Pampas you guys suck!!!
2	I had bought a coupon $55 for the surf and turf and 2 drinks. Thought it would be worth it at that price. The staff were all nice, so the problem was not with them. It's just quality of the meats they serve (not the best). I would say there are places were you could better spend $55. If you really want this type if experience I would recommend Fogo de Chao the food there was top quality.
4	Amber was great! Very sweet and responsive. Tons of good food and the fact they split checks made a party of 25 super easy. Some of the meat was a little dry tho.
4	We went to watch the World Cup and we called to inquire about how much it was. They stated that should we get here before the game, it would be twenty bucks. However it would rise to fifty during the game. That was very difficult to believe.  Nonetheless, our server was cool, and all he tried to upsell during our lunch was the seafood. When we saw what it was, we decided to get it next time. Food was very good and meat was juicy.   Our check took quite a while cause I had a bogo, but whatever. Our tip was twenty-five percent off the usual price, so for forty dollars, good food and OK service was definitely good for the price.
2	I didn't want to give this review but I HAD to. My son loves this concept when it's done at Texas de Brazil and Pampas is no Texas de Brazil. The salad bar was cramped and unappealing-for starters. The worst part of the meal is it was twenty to thirty minutes between meat services. My son was begging for food I got looked over three times. I asked for the manager not once, not twice but the third time was the charm because I got up to look for her. She was nice and offered desert but what she couldn't offer was two hours of my life back so I could go to Texas De Brazil instead. Right now I'm feeling the service was not worth the wait and the food wasn't worst the price.   Our server, manager and busser where nice but couldn't over ride the other deficiencies.
3	We have eaten here quite a few times before tonight and really loved it!! We always go for the surf and turf (since we usually have groupons haha). Our favorite has always been the bacon wrapped scallops. Coming here tonight, I'm not really a fan of our waiter. He seems pretty standoff-ish and it was almost like he didnt wanna answer my questions. He has been back twice to check on us in the past 50mins. The food is still pretty good tho, don't get me wrong. Too bad things have changed for the not-so-much-better. BRING BACK BACON WRAPPED SCALLOPS!!
1	Horrible service. This Craig server is yelling at us as I'm writing this review. Will never come back.
1	Not a good Brazilian place at all. The tables in the restaurant and jammed tightly in there--it looks like a busy cafeteria. Luckily we were outside, but then service lacked. I remembered the Brazilian cheese bread at the end of the meal and had to ask for it. It was probably the best tasting thing we had the whole night. The meats were tough, dry, and lacked any flavor. The salad bar had cold mashed potatoes and an array of bad tasting food. I've been to many Brazilian rodizios, and this was the worst. The guy next to me was given a plate of sirloin... He said I didn't order this and the waiter insisted it was his and said sternly...ITS YOURS. He said he was afraid and better take it haha. A waitress came by and asked me what the table next to me ordered because she wanted to get rid of her tray of champagne...don't they now? When was it my job to listen to the tables nearby--maybe that's why they are so tightly placed. I did ask them and they were like no, just water. But apparently they ordered a sirloin by esp. DONT GO HERE!
2	I've been to better Brazilian restaurants. This one was below my expectations! Waaaaay over priced for the quality.
5	OkFirst off, we only go there for lunch, before 4pm. So I can't tell you  what the place is like for dinner. But I have been there for lunch going into dinner and the only difference we noticed was a couple of extra meats we didn't care for. Anyway. Even if we had to pay the full price of $20 for lunch (meat only) we would still go very week like we do. However we bought a dozen $25 off $37.50 or more coupons with our air miles from restaurant.com. This makes our bill $16.22 w/ tax for the both of us. With a $6 tip it's $22 for an excellent all you can eat Brazilian lunch. You can't get a buffet on the strip for this amount, nor most fast food joints in the mall. Amazon locals is an excellent site you ought to get emails from. They often have coupons for sale for this place. They often cost $4 for the $25 coupon. Which still would make your bill only $20.22 for two of you.I believe the restaurant is in a crap location, this is why it has to do so many promotions in many areas. It's in the mile of shops at Planet Hollywood, kind of at the back of a row of restaurants on the north side of the mall  by the rainstorm mess of a show.Now to the food.Salad bar is at the back of the restaurant and kinda tight, but the food is awesome. My boyfriend loved the marinated carrots. I love the large meatball sized mozzerella balls and salads.The meats come out on skewers from the staff who are often and many. I would say there are seven or eight different things on a regular rotation; pineapple, bacon wrapped chicken & sausage, flank steak, BBQ pork, sirloin steak (my favorite) chicken legs (pretty large too) and I think there's something else that I can't remember. Any way, we have never been disappointed with the food. If the meat comes out too raw, just ask your server to get it cooked more. I hate it when I read on here that the food came out to rare. I like it that way, but my boyfriend doesn't, so we always ask for a better cooked piece of the steak and they come right back with it. Just ask people, don't wine if you can't be bothered to open your mouth and ask.I think this place goes through a tonn of staff as we have been 10 weeks in a row and never had the same wait person twice. However, they are all good and attentive. Never had a problem with the food or the staff. Will continue to frequent this place every week until we get bored with it....which will be never.
3	This place is alright in our book. I sure do love rodizzio style. there is quite the selection of meats being continually brought out. This is awesome b/c you are continually being served hot meats (no homo lol). My favorites are the bacon wrapped turkey, the sausage and their grilled pineapple. They also have some various steak cuts, chicken, ham, etc. The one complaint we would have is all their meats are consistently salty. It could just be us though b/c we tend to eat low sodium meals.My tips would be these....1) Don't waste your $ on the seafood upgrade. For what they offer it's definitely not worth the money. i will admit the ahi was good but that's it. The one item they offered that we were looking the most forward to were the shrimp and they came out dry as eff. Complete and utter let down. Service here is always on point unlike Texas de Brazil who consistently have the worst hostesses. 2) Go to discount tix tonight and pick up your meal voucher for a fraction of the cost or keep your eyes peeled on Groupon for a 2 4 1 voucher that usually includes 2 drinks to boot! Lunch is until 4:30 so have a late lunch and call it an early dinner to save some $ :)And I would definitely order a caipirinha, just note they are ca$h only (I think $5 + tip). They come out w/ a cart and make them right there. They are bomb diggity!
4	I had a ticket for this steak buffet. I went by it and it looked promising.  Then I read thr online reviews and was tempted to skip it all together.  However, my curiousity got the better of me and I and a friend with a healthy appetite went to eat some steak.The place was clean.  The waiter was attentive but they were not bringing us steak. After a bit we realized, our cards were on the wrong side.  I suspect some of the people who had service issues in their reviews may have self inflicted their issues.  There is a salad bar which has pasta, fruit, soups and all sprts pf other stuff.  They were pretty efficient and once we realized how seriously they take the cards, often watching from a distance, we got great service.  At once point our plates and utensils were taken as if we were done.  They got us new stuff and all was well.  This is not some fancy big city steakhouse per se, but it wpild hold its own in many cities, especially at some off the coupon prices I saw.  The bump I give from 3 to 4 stars comes from the good service we got.
3	Man...was comped a meal for this restaurant and upgraded for its meat buffet...wrong choice! Steaks were horrid and sausages were salty! Only thing great was the bar area and decent salad bar with Brazilian clam chowder! Waiter needed help...I mean training on waiting tables! Wouldn't waste my time / money again!
4	Good place to satisfy your craving for Brazilian steak. Skip the salad bar and just get the picanha. It is the best cut of meat here. Flank steak is a close second. Save the pineapple for when you can't have any more meat. So they didn't have the quintessential Brazilian guarana drink to my disappointment but Amber was very friendly and did the best to try find us guarana, but to no avail. Despite being busy, service was pretty good, which is why I give 4 stars instead of 3.
1	Very disappointed.. It was my first time trying Brazilian steakhouse and my work had a 2 for 1 deal so I figured why not. Bad idea. My boyfriend and I did the surf and turf rodizio; the meat was dry (not much of a selection), seafood was okay (I'm stretching the okay), salad bar had very few choices, and the hosts are rude, especially the shorter girl.. Will definitely not be coming back!!
4	Comparable to fogo de chao.  However they put a more personal touch.  They take a complimentary souvenir photo at the start of your meal and present you with a 10% off your next visit coupon with your photo on it for your next visit.  Had enough of alcohol lately so ordered a fruity mocktail, it was pretty good.  My boyfriend loved his coconut and pineapple drink order, so much that he ordered two.  Besides traditional cuts of meat they also cut pineapple and ham which didn't make too much sense to me.  Also seemed pretty pricey.  Fortunately we had a coupon but had to upgrade from entrees to the brazilian steak buffet.  Overall a decent meal but not sure if I'd be willing to pay full price.  The salad bar wasn't too impressive but I guess that wasn't their main focus.  Ambiance and convenient location in the mall is good enough for the majority of tourists.
3	I've eaten at a few of the Brazilian steakhouses in town so when I saw the Groupon for this place I thought we should give it a try. Often when we can't figure out where to eat and we've exhausted our yelp lists, we go to groupon for suggestions. Unfortunately, I was less than impressed with our experience. The hostess was fine as she sat us at our table. When our server greeted us he was very nice. We informed him of our groupon and ordered our drinks. The drink cart girl was very nice but a little over the top. We started with the salad bar and there are a lot of good options. When we got back to our table, we noticed that some people had markers to let the meat servers know to come to their table but we didn't. That was a little confusing at first, but then a meat server did finally come to our table. The first few times the meat selection was either bacon wrapped or well done. I informed a few of the servers that I could not eat pork and preferred medium rare. I'm not exactly sure why a high end steak place is serving well done steak as the main cook temp. Some pink or red on some of the steaks would have been nice. We did get the surf and turf, but were disappointed that it didn't come with the lobster. I was also kinda grossed out by the shrimp. The coloring was off and it looked very limp/weak. No thanks. However the other surf options were better, the salmon was good and the white fish was very flavorful. Anyway, after a few rounds of well done meat, we did get one medium sirloin and it was really good. Although I was mostly full at this point. I'm not saying the meat tasted bad, because it didn't. It was on the whole quite flavorful, but there should be a varied options for cook temps. Medium rare people don't like well done people don't like medium rare. Offer both. It makes no sense to only have well done. The service was pretty good, although the table next to us had a lot of issues. She was also irritated that all the meat was well done or pork. We came to a steakhouse because we wanted steak. So sadly this is my least favorite of the Brazilian steakhouses in town. Step up your game, Pampas, the competition is stiff.
3	Pretty good! Our server was very friendly and helpful.We did the groupon for the surf n turf, 2 cocktails & dessert.Only complaint was that the food really only came in waves and there wasn't a lot of seasonings to the meat.I will say that the pork loin was awesome and my favorite and I am a steak girl!!
2	I really want to like this place.  Really.  This was muy 4th time coming here and will be my last.  Although the bacon wrapped filet mignon is incredible (INCREDIBLE!!!), it's just not good enough to make me continue as a guest.  Our server was nice, but the people bringing around the meat seem so unhappy with their lives.  I almost felt bad when I say no to the meat they have because they just look so sad.  My mashed potatoes were cold and bland.  I feel like there could be more variety in the buffet part.  It seems as though several of the selections up there don't get chosen often, so maybe they should consider adding new items or rotating items.We used a Groupon, so I guess I can't complain too much that my sister and I got our dinners for only $65.  However, the regular prices are ridiculous.  What we had would have cost over $150 without a Groupon. Also, BE CAREFUL: If you ask for water, some waiters will automatically bring you bottled spring water and then make you pay for it.  If you want FREE water, make sure you specify.Looking back on my reviews, I gave it 4, then 3 and now 2.  They need to really think about stepping up the quality of their employees if they want to continue to have hapy guests that will willingly pay without a coupon.
4	I really liked this place! The food was good, the service was fast and they accommodates our large group well (15).  My only gripe was there was no dessert included. I've been to a few other Brazilian BBQ places and their selection was a larger. But it doesn't discount this place any either. I wasn't able to use the groupon as our group was quite large but they honored the yelp coupon and saved everyone quite a bit.  A few of us took advantage if their all you can drink special and it was nice to see them hand make your drink.A special shout out to my man, Marcelo, the real MVP for continuing to bring me food even when I forgot to flip my card and taking my requests. (They'll bring you whatever you ask for and will cook it to order). Also major props to Robert! He took special care of us, drinks were never empty and he thoroughly explained everything!Come prepared to eat and bring your A game!
3	The food is very flavorful and the prices are fair. Our waitress was very friendly and checked on us often. Unfortunately the meat service was very very slow :( we waited 10/15 minutes between meats. Usually there is a big wave with all of the meats and you end up with enough to hold you off until the next wave. Each wave here only consisted of 2-3 meats. Fix that and this will be my go to place!
3	If you like mediocre food in large quantities then this place is for you!We used the Groupon for this place, it was a good deal, but honestly I could care less because if the food is not good, it doesn't matter if I could have unlimited quantity of it.  Most of the meats were overcooked and lacking in flavor.  The shrimps were dry and woody.  The best thing they had were the grilled pineapples.  The grilling made the fruit sweeter and more aromatic, and the acidity helped digest all that mediocre food, so you could have more of it.  And the cocktail included with the meal was pretty strong, kind of tasted gross but good if you want to get buzzed fast!
5	Great place to come and have Brazilian food.I'm trying the mussels at this moment and they are amazing. The taste is amazing  and great presentation. The prices are reasonable. I will definitely come back again.!!
5	Review based on bar seating and food ordered off the menu:  good choices on liquor. Small draft beer selection. Nice wine selection. Ordered the steamed mussles and salmon sandwich to share.  Both excellent. Love the vibe. Friendly and attentive bartenders.
1	The service was horrible. They charged me double because I shared my shrimp. The waiter was rude and didn't seem like he wanted to help us. Every time we'd ask for they'd ignore us. The taste of the shrimp was disgusting! Worst experience ever!!!!!!
1	Very bad! Now people that know me, KNOW that I LOVE MY MEAT! I am very familiar with Brazilian Churrascaria's. I went there with a group of 8 people on Friday 8/22. Four people in my group had never been to a place like this and I was sharing my past experiences and what  might to expect.  IT WAS NOTHING LIKE I EXPLAINED to my friends...We got there and were seated. We were at a round table  that was directly behind the hostess table and it was in the corner.  There was a cement banister  making it hard for two people to be comfortable and get in and out.The waiter came by and was very pushy about getting the unlimited drinks. Three of us ordered the unlimited and then we were told about the drink restrictions. Whatever we went with it. He didn't really explain about the process to the new people that were with us. I had asked him to explain and let them know the process.  After the waiter being inconvenienced to explain the process, we were able to get up and go to the salad bar. Mind you, the banister is there and just annoying.  I will say that the sweet & Sour Chicken was very good at the salad bar. For the next 45 minutes the only meats that were brought around was the Pork Loin, which was very good and moist and flavored well.  The next was the House meat Picanha, which was very bland and no flavor.  The following was the Lamb, I just don't do Lamb. The last server had the pineapple! Besides the Sweet & Sour Chicken the pineapple was very good.  That is all that came around. Those same ones kept rotating for 45 minutes.  I finally went up to talk to the manager and asked how many meats are in rotation. She told me there are 14.  I let her know the situation and she said she will look into it.Soon after that a female server came directly at me and again had the Lamb, I said No thank you, the same server came out and then had the picanha and I didn't like it the first 4 times so I said no.  She then said . Well, What meats do you want? I was like WHOA! excuse me, She again said which meats do I want. I said I do not know all the meats you have and then she, in a sarcastic latina voice started to RAMBLE and RAMBLE the meat list.  I had to ask her to stop and I could not understand her ramblings and again she said the names and faster. I then said, Why are you just asking me? There are 7 other people at this table but we all have only chosen from 4 different items.  She was irritated and I was too.  Then the Male bald server came directly to me again and he brought the Lamb.  REALLY? I said to him, Is that al they have back there because we had not had any Sausage, Chicken, Tri Tip,  other meats.  I was really disappointed that apparently the manager pointed me out and I felt these  servers were overdoing it and still not bringing anything other than the ones we already had.Eventually they brought out the sausage and chicken, but by this time I was REALLY irritated and they never brought all 14 choices. SMH...I will not be going back to this place.
3	Enjoyed my meal enough. Just feel like with the price on a Brazilian steakhouse there should be some sort of wow factor beyond the sheer quantity of meat and food. The service was nice enough, but the food was mediocre and some of the meats were a bit dry.
1	We had never had radizio before so we were excited to try it. We had been informed of the basics of how things worked so we were aware. When we arrived, we were informed it would be ~20 mins before we were seated. Ok, we didn't have a reservation, we're ok with that. After ~25 mins, and listening to the hostess cue people up, I noticed we were missed.  When I asked, they did not have our name on the list AT ALL. We were then seated right away. Once we sat down, we waited 15 minutes for our server to come introduce herself. It took another 15 minutes for our waters to get to us. Throughout dinner, there were numerous times when we were waiting for someone/ANYONE to come by with some meat.  I double checked...we had our green signs up. We came to eat meat, not get full off the sides.  The waitress came to check on us once, saw that our waters had less than 1/4 cup left but didn't refill them until 20mins after we emptied our glasses and asked for a refill. The meat dishes were mediocre.  It may have been our first time at a Brazilian steakhouse but definitely not our first time eating meat. Everything we sampled was dry, the beef tough.  The bacon wrapped items tasted like nothing but bacon, the chicken drum was waaaay too salty, the other meats didn't have any flavor. For what this place charges, we expected better service.  We believe that tip is given based on the service received and not a required amount based on the total bill. So in this case, we tipped accordingly.  It's unfortunate since we tip well for "normal" service.  DEFINITELY not returning here.
1	I spoke to Natalie on Monday 8/25 and she apologized for the service I had received and offered to refund by Wednesday. I gave her my information that day.   I called on Wednesday and Natalie was not there, she happen to be off work Tuesday and Wednesday.  I then spoke to Gina who assured me Natalie will call me back when she returns to work on Thursday near 4pm.  Mind you when calling here the admin/hostess/receptionist find it necessary to know who I am and what my call is concerning.  I'm thinking do they get a lot of un happy customers to have to screen the calls as hard as they do? I just called now and it is Friday 8/29. I called and Brianna answered the phone, and when I told her my name she paused as if she already knew who I was and why I was calling. She then said in a SNARKY tone, May I ask what this is in reference to. I said it was a complaint. She then went off line and came back on line. She had then said she spoke to another manager and he said to talk with Natalie.  I am thinking why would a manager have a admin/hostess/receptionist relay a message and why would he not speak to me.  I insisted that Brianna give me the name of the GM and also let the current manager know I was on the phone.  Finally after arguing with snarky Brianna she got the manager on the phone. I spoke to Paul and he told me he is aware of the e mails about this issue and to wait for Natalie.  I let him know I waited for her call yesterday and there was no call. I mentioned that I was VERY DISAPPOINTED in this place and the service all around. I basically vented and now have added the snarky admin/hostess/receptionist to the list of complaints.  he assures me that Natalie will call me today.  Let's see.
3	If you've been to a nice churrascaria before then you won't be very impressed by this place. Make sure you're on time for your reservation. If you're a little late, you'll wait in line with everyone else-our fault. Make sure you know what u want because you may not see your waiter for awhile, but the meat servers did pretty well making their  rounds. The food was decent. I used a groupon so it worked out but if I had to pay full price, id go somewhere else.
1	This restaurant was not all that.  It took forever to get meat and the salad bar and sides suck.  It isn't worth $65 a person for dinner.  Go somewhere else.
1	My group of 8 friends who came for a Bachelorette Party got reservations for Pampas since it was a option I had through Hilton Honors. We got there and the service was beyond slow and the waiter will not be attentive.  Most of our group ordered a prix fix meal and it took over an hour and we still never got the food.  Asked what was going on and no response.  Told them that we were late for a show and needed the check.  Still never got our meal.  So they comped our drinks, as compensation!  Really?!?!?  We paid a voucher for $48 each to get meal and a show and they only comped $39 from the drinks we got.  To top it off, 2 out of our group got sick instantly and throughout the day vomiting.  Still no compensation?  Never go here, unless you want to wait over an hour for a simple plate of food where all the meat is flying by.  Get sick from only having the salad bar.  And then not get any compensation.
2	They were busy, but did sit us at the bar after almost no wait.Alas, this was a bad deal, we did not get any meats served to us until probably 20 minutes later.The salad bar was super small, had roasted mushrooms, artichoke hearts, hearts of palm, the ribs and mashed potatoes....all were very, very average.Meats we tried were sirloin, bacon wrapped filet(smallest filet bits I have ever seen), bacon wrapped chicken, lamb and sausage.  All the meats were cooked right, but very average cuts of meat and nothing special....WAY salty!!Will not eat here again.
1	10/7 Update even the BBB is having issues with themBusiness Name: Pampas Churrascaria Las Vegas, LLCBBB has made several attempts to contact the business regarding the above referenced complaint. We regret to inform you that we have not received a response from the company. BBB develops and maintains Business Reviews on companies in our service area. This information is available to the public and is frequently used by potential customers. In the case of your complaint, the company's failure to promptly give attention to the matter will be reflected in the report we give to consumers about them.If the company has contacted you in the interim, please notify BBB immediately.Sincerely,BBB Complaint DepartmentSaturday 8/30 now they have the snarky Brianna letting me know they are not accepting my calls. Poor customer service, horrible food, and terrible management. Next. BBB.
3	A buffet with unlimited meat always sounds like a good idea. This place has a great location and isn't too expensive. I enjoy all the variety and the grilled veggies at the buffet are my favorite. It's a great choice with a large group of people so everyone can pick what they desire. The service is great & the only issue with places like this is that most of us end up over eating. They have grilled pineapple which I love!
1	We arrived at 8:30 pm and the restaurant was busy, we were told it would be a 20 minute wait and 10 minutes later we were seated in the bar area. It would have been nice to be given a choice. We decided to order entrees since it was late. The dinner service was poor the entire night. To begin, my family is French and have lived in the US and ordered water without ice from the server. The busser arrived with the water glasses and they were filled with ice, they asked the busser to bring water without ice and he rolled his eyes and said he would let the waiter know. He eventually returned with two glasses and we assumed he would return, with the other two, he never did. He was asked later to bring a glass with no ice. We inquired about the wines and the server could not offer any information except to try a cab. The server suggested adding the salad bar after we ordered. It was very disappointing, two of the trays were empty and a few other trays were almost empty. I was happy I did not order the  buffet.We were in the middle of eating our salads and the entrees arrived. It would have been nicer to have enjoyed the salad. When the food arrived the tables were so close that we had to handle our own plates as the server could not get behind our chairs to put down the plates. The filet mignons were dry and when asked for extra sauce the server returned and said it was impossible as the sauces were cooked to order with each filet. The skirt steak was flavorful and juicy. The bouillabaisse  passed the palate test. Will I return? No. The  level of service was poor for the price that was paid. The second night when we walked by they attempted to entice us with a special, we all walked by, especially after I apologized for recommending Pampas. I also noticed that there seemed to be a lack of servers with meats for those who chose the rodizio.
3	This is not quite what I expected (the only brazilian I have done has been in NY and it was fantastic), but I guess given its in a mall on the strip its not too bad.  The waiters came around at a good pace with meet choices - pork, chicken, sausage and beef.  Also a pineapple.  My favorite was the top sirloin, moist and tasty and cooked just right.  The pork was juicy and tasty as well.  The flank steak was a bit tough for me.  The filet wrapped in bacon and the brisket were also cooked just right. The salad bar was okay - there were plenty ofoverall, not  offerings. The standouts for ms were the huge mozzarella balls with the tomato slices and the fried bananas.  No sushi or nanything overly fancy - pasta and regular salad findings with some hot plates (including meatballs) and several soup choices.  I ordered a Caipirinha which was a little disappointing as the ones I have had in the past were made with sugar cane rum - this one added sugar (my fault as I should have looked at the ingredients pre-order).The waiter did ask us what meat we were waiting for and had the cook prepare for us - the top sirloin.  Overall not bad, but the price seems a bit high for what you are getting food-wise.
2	Jeremy was spot on that Pampas compares poorly to a real rodizio (Two words: chicken hearts. [they don't have them, so don't tell me about the "7 tradition chrruascaria meats"] What should one expect from a restaurant named for a region more associated with a different country than what it purports to be.). It was adequate, but would not have been worth the price if we'd paid full price. Like many of our fellow diners, we had a voucher for one entree and (one trip to?) the salad bar, so we took the $8 up-sell to the full meats. That wasn't bad. (What is a normal tip on a meal with an artificially high price, and half self-service?) The salad bar wasn't overwhelming, but had a few particularly good items (grilled mushrooms, hearts of palm, tortellini.) There is an open-bar option: unlimited beer, wine, sangria or caiparinha for $20. That's probably a good deal if you were going to order drinks anyway and drink heavily. At their prices a 3rd drink would probably cost more. Loss of a star (and should have been a loss of tip) when our waiter asked we wanted to drink we said 'Just water.' He asked 'Still or sparkling?" I found out that is a trick question, as he brought a liter bottle of water. When the bill came (after a long wait trying to get the waiter's attention) there was about an $8 charge for the water. The waiter was at that point holding a pitcher of water. I asked about the charge and he said "I asked you still or sparkling and you said 'still'"  I pointed to the pitcher of ice water he was holding and said "What do you call that?" and he said "Tap water."  I said "When we said '_just_ water' that's what we wanted, it's not sparkling." He said he would find the manager and have it taken off. I'm sure the time share that gave us the voucher compensates the restaurant. We accepted the up-sell for more meat. (The limited menu, and a big plate from the salad bar, would have been sufficient.) There is no need to nickel-and-dime the tourists. (Some of us argue the charge, the rest probably pay the $8 for what is indistinguishable from tap water. [I grew up on NY Catskills water, and there is nothing funky about the Las Vegas tap water.]) I cannot recommend a restaurant that tried to rip me off.
4	I tried the rodizio surf and turf for $29 at lunch time. I was impressed with the tri-tip and sirloin steak mmm mmm good!! but not so much for the seafood. The shrimp was below average and the crab cake doesn't really taste like crab cake. The salad bar was pretty sad with very limited choices. I'd recommend the rodizio with just the meat for $20. The service and atmosphere was still pretty awesome, otherwise this place only earns a 3 star from me.
2	Probably the worst Brazilian steakhouse I've been to. It is so bad that they need to hand out coupons and advertise for people to eat here. Really? I almost equate this place to a poor man's Churrascaria lol. Service here is mediocre and the food comes out very slow compared to the competition, where food seems to flow out and is carved at tables non-stop. I've only been here a couple times in the last 4 years and it's only usually when I get a comped meal, gift card or coupon. If you don't have any of those then it's not worth it because after visiting the salad bar you'll be waiting all night for the meats to come by. And when one comes, you'll be waiting forever again for the next guy to stop by.The food itself is ok. I'm not a big salad bar person at these types of places because everything is premade and they usually don't have any regular salads or sides. The quality of the meats are hit or miss because sometimes they are too overcooked. I guess if you like your steaks well done then you won't mind. The meats that aren't overcooked are sometimes too salty which makes them hard to eat as well. I also hate that they don't bring you any fresh sides with your meal because everything is up at the salad bar.The good news is they have happy hour so if you like wine this may be a good spot to check out since all their glasses of wine are $5, I believe, during happy hour. Don't see myself coming back in the near future. I think I'll stick with my favorite Churrascaria, Texas de Brazil.
4	The restaurant is always busy but rarely has a long wait. The buffet food is great and it is definitely done right. It is not your average buffet food but definitely good quality food. The meat for the most part was seasoned just right and brought out hot and freshly made. The service however was a little slow. There was a break in between each delivery a meat and it was longer than needed. Some times it is great to take a break so you can fit more food in but the wait here was a little longer than needed.
4	We were lured in here from the coupons that the promoters were giving on the strip. We went there and realized there were lots of small prints we didn't look into so carefully, but however it was still worth it. Then we realized lots of people were coming in with their groupon and found out that we could have even more value there so we asked to switch it midway and they had no issues. The salad bar was great, they had artichoke hearts, mushrooms, tortellinis, fresh mozzarella, fruit, some hot dishes and them some (I could get full just eating that).Came with unlimited shrimp which was at times were overly cooked. In fact the first batch we had was leaving a bad first impression, but we like shrimp and it kept getting better. The meat and the shrimp was always making it to our table. Hardly ever had to wait around. The only thing I have to say is that it would be nice if I had a say in where they cut the meat. The outer parts are usually the more well done section and the inner parts were of course not. The moment we say yes they just go straight to cutting the area of their choosing. Thankfully my friend like the opposite so we can just switch if we needed to.Some times some of the meats felt like it came out a way over cooked. like the chipotle chicken, I bet it would have been great had it not been so crispy. Drinks were strong, the dessert was delicious!! Service was good.Overall it was a fun experience and considering we weren't paying a a crazy amount of money we felt that the food reflected its price that we paid which was discounted. Not sure if I'd actually pay full price. I recommend taking advantage of the groupon or the coupons that are passed out on the the strip.
1	This was a terrible experience. Slowwwwwwwwe service and zero interest from the wait staff in being helpful. There was not enough good meats ever. Really subpar are every front
1	Don't know which was worse, the service or the food. The meats were cold and rubbery. No flavor at all. Service was awful!! Miserable restaurant, go to mcdonalds!
1	First, you need a reservation or you will wait a minimum of an hour for a table for 2. Pretty sure bigger parties would have more trouble. We made reservations and still waited 30 minutes to get a table and the hostess was a total snot. Once we got seated, it was only ok. Our server was great but the food was only so-so. Not worth the headache, stress, or money. My suggestion? Spend your time and money elsewhere. We WILL NOT be back.
2	We all had the skirt and it was disappointing, too much fat, and under cooked even after a well done request. the hostess was rude, and the server was very rude. We were told 10 minutes for the food after already have been waiting 20, then 10 passed still no food. Another 10 minutes came by and we asked our server he said "I don't care, we're busy it'll be here soon" by this point we were very upset being told "I don't care" so now after waiting 50 minutes the food finally came and was not at all worth it's price. No flavor on the sides, and the meat was very under cooked. Appalled at the amount of bad service..never to return again. And won't recommend it.
1	Let me say this I got the worst server. No customer service skills. Her name is Jessica.My first time together with my co- workers attending conference. I decided to get appetIzer don't want to be full. My teammates got the buffet style. She said with my appetizer I have to wait for 20 mins I thought that's ok. I got drinks and all..So while waiting they had me taste  food. And when she saw that she said you will be charge for the buffet. I said what!! I don't mind paying but the way she delivered the message was I don't care just pay what you eat.. Service sucks here..Still waiting for my food.Waiting here more than 20 mins for my appetizer...maybe 45 now ..Management needs to improve service get rid of this type of ppl.. They will ruin business. And by the way this server never checks on us.. I don't recommend this place..
1	This place had really poor service.  It looked like the staff did not work well together.  We constantly had to ask our waiter for basic things, like water and ketchup for the kids.  For a Brazilian restaurant they did not have a lot of traditional Brazilian dish or drinks.  Very disappointing.
4	The last hour before closing time you'll find the meat selection dwindles significantly. Service is average. The buffet is kept stocked and fresh food is rotated in often. The standard red/green indicator is used to alert the sword yielding meat movers when you're ready for more and when you can take no more and scream "uncle."  Our waiter spent most of his time chatting it up with 2 young lasses ready for a night on the town. Yes, we all know your story about how you moved to this town with a dream and you're going to make it big some day. Unfortunately for him, the only digits he got was their credit card number while I had to whistle him over to refill my soda. I went to bed with the meat sweats after consuming 6 different species of mammals.
2	Our 2nd and last time here, this time it was worse than the first time. We came back because we had a groupon. We didnt make a reservation and waited about 30 minutes for a table. Im not sure why the entire back dining room was empty, but when I walked back there and took a picture of the empty room we were immediately seated in that room then others seated after us. Salad bar was well stocked but the floor back there was so slippery you could barely walk around it. Service was really really slow for lunchtime and every meat we got was well done and overcooked. It was much better first time we were there, couple years ago. Shrimp was overcooked, steak was overcooked, ham was dry and over cooked, just all around bad. We most assuredly wont return!
1	This place is horrible. The food is terrible and this is my first negative review on yelp EVER. Do not waste your time do not buy the groupon...
1	Let me start by saying this is my first negative review on yelp, and its because i dont want you to waste your money like us. I dont even know how this place has 3 stars. Nothing was even good about it. Our server waS good i feel bad he has to work for such a low quality restaurant. Save yo money people for a awesome brazilian steakhouse like texas de brasil
2	We had a free dinner voucher here, but it didn't include the rodizio....damn. That's pretty much the only reason I'd want to hit up a Brazilian steakhouse. It did include sirloin with mashed potatoes and the salad bar, so we plowed onward, but it was the most underwhelming experience our entire time in Vegas. We left glad that we didn't pay $43 + tax & tip for bad food and slow service.Our food took an hour to come out. Half hour into the order, we were notified that the computer went down, and our order hadn't been sent back to the kitchen. Ten minutes later, the kitchen was "working on plating it", and yet it took another 20 minutes. What the hell were they doing back there? The meat is presumably already cooked since the servers are walking around the restaurant with it, and the plating was nothing special - just sliced meat on a plate - so why did it take 30 more minutes on top of the computer failure? Barely made our show.The salad bar was odd. There were Caesar salar makings, but no Caesar dressing. There was sweet and sour chicken (at a Brazilian place?) and some pastas, but few enticing veggies. I piled on the potatoes and carbed it up. We grabbed some cheese bread (pao de quiejo), usually heavenly, but it was very over cooked, downright crunchy, and hard. The sirloin was good, but not wait-an-hour good...Two gentlemen next to us at the bar had the rodizio, but it was served onto tiny plates, and they kept having to flag down servers as they went by. Crowded interior, greasy floor, expensive for what it is, terrible service . For the best Brazilian steakhouse experience, head to Fogo.
3	Not that great but worth the money if you buy tix 4 tonight. Service is so so and quality of meat is not as great as Fogo or Texas De Brazil.
2	We had made reservations through Open Table for Pampas at Planet Hollywood in Las Vegas. Upon arriving for our 7pm reservation, we were told that they did not have our reservation and that there is a  waiting list and it will be 20 to 30 minute wait, which turned out to be a 45 minute wait. My thing is if you have reservations then why don't you have a record that you did receive it. They commented and said that it is better to call in your reservation instead of making it on the website or through Open Table website or app. Other than this experience the food and service was very good.
5	Had a gift certificate so of course we used it!! This place had a sald bar that was off the charts!! They had empanadas, soups, salad options and plenty veggies... YUM!! I really think that part alone was very impressive. I enjoyed all the meats they brought out during lunch and we made sure they didn't forget about us. I believe you have to be very vocal here during lunch to make sure you get your money's worth. I also enjoyed a Michealada(beer based Bloody Mary) and we got our picture taken by somebody. Best pic from the vacay too!!
1	I was there for my wedding dinner with a small group of family and friends. The food was only deserve a three stars and the server was rude that I received multiple complains, my order of ice tea didn't make to me till an hour later. But the worst part was this: Since the server never checked with us regarding when to cut the wedding cake, my husband has to ask him that we want to start the process soon towards the end of the dinner, Then THE SERVER CUTS THE CAKE WITHOUT CONSULT WITH ANYONE, SO WE NEVER GOT TO TAKE A PICTURE WITH OUR WEDDING CAKE!!! And when I ask him "why didn't you ask before cutting", he pointed his index finger at my husband and says "you asked me to cut it, did you not!", word to word. My husband did not ask them to cut the cake, he asked him to "start the process". As a vendor who advertise themselves as a restaurant with extensive experience doing special events, that was very unprofessional,  and almost without comment sense! This is my worst restaurant experience I have ever had. Why did I pay so much money to not get me wedding cake photo, and get finger pointed by their server? I hope to receive an answer from the restaurant's management!
1	Have eaten at a few Brazilian grills in the pat from Albuquerque to Washington DC.  Pampas was definitely not the best. The service was average, but the cleanliness of the restaurant was very poor.  The floor seemed like an oil slick and the walls were splattered with food and drink. Wouldn't recommend.  Disappointment.
5	Brought the Groupon for dinner for 2 - very busy place and were seated within 5 min of our arrival.  Most of the reviews I read about this place were so far off our experience. We had great service the whole dinner.  The meat selection was great and plentiful.  Our waiter always was checking on us even though it was a packed house. Would definitely come back.
1	Don't waste your time. Go to outback steakhouse instead. At least your meats will be cooked properly and seasoned there.  Even if you have to walk, go to Texas De Brazil instead.
5	Located in the Miracle Mile Shops inside The Planet Hollywood Hotel Casino on the famous Las Vegas Strip. This is a classic churrascaria. Churrascaria is Portuguese for "we will bring you meat until you are in need of a cardiologist." That's a rough translation. Come hungry is all I can say, the salad bar is unreal, the cheese bread is pure poison (I mean that in a good way). Look around for deals and coupons they are everywhere. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
2	Got this meal with a free show voucher and it was worth only slightly more than I paid for it.  Over seasoned fatty steak slopped on the plate like a cafeteria line up.  The salad/starter bar was pedestrian at best. Nice service but take a pass on the food. And stay away from the vouchers.
1	We came with a Groupon discount and I think that we will not return again, you need to make reservations notifying that is for Groupon, when you arrived, they put in a "special zone", the service and drinks included are good but the food is average, the salad bar is poor and the quality of meat is below average, in addition the "surf" was served cold and the shrimp was not completely clean. We will not recommend it.
1	Just had one of the worst experiences! We came with a group of 75 from SEMA show. Our waiter told us we couldn't sit together while the other server pulled tables together for his customers. Strike one! Serve said he wouldn't put our bills together because we didn't sit together??? Umm ok I have been a server and it's very easy to do that unless you are lazy. It's a Brazilian steak house where we get our own food and the serve has to bring us drinks and maybe ask about desert! Well we got drinks we didn't order plus got charged for them then we waited for 45 min to see the sever to get dessert. The server wouldn't answer any questions was rude and got automatic 20 percent for doing absolutely nothing on an $800 bill!
4	When you are in Vegas you have to do it big! My GF and I were staying at the Elara hotel and decided to dine in before we caught a Vegas Show. If you love Meat, strong Brazilian Style drinks and good customer service this is a must hit.  If are familiar with The Brazilian Meat Train you know the Meat is never ending. Delicious cuts of meat coming around and around and back around. We order the unlimited drinks so the bartender set up a bar right at our table and that was bananas. Double fisting drinks left and right like there was no tomorrow.  The only flaw to this spot was the salad bar- the options were limited. All in all Tho great experience!
1	There was 6 of us and we decided to grab lunch here.  The food was decent. Besides the fact of only having been served meat 4 times in 2 hours. When we asked to split the check 3 ways the server didn't split it. We asked again if we can split it again and the server said we couldn't. After talking to the manager they split 6 ways. When we finally got everything situated the server didn't bring back change in one of the bills. Absolute HORRIBLE SERVE. Next time I'd rather spend the extra money to go somewhere else where service is their first priority. We didn't even get offered dessert.
3	Is ok Brazilian bbq. If I need a fix, then I would come here for it, but there's so much better food in lv. They have lots of cuts for dinner time and grilled pineapple is addicting. This place would be better if the cuts are more fatty. The chicken is very juicy, perfectly grilled, but many of the meats tend to be overcooked
1	this place only deserves a .5 star, but seeing there is no option im forced to go with 1.  let me sum it up for all u people:1)  Not worth $50....perhaps $30-$35 tops.  2)  while its buffet style, dessert and drinks (ie; soft drinks-extra charge)3) boasts a large menu of items, not all meats listed were offered.4) salad bar is parOverall, food was well seasoned but quality of food was standard.  For example, catch of the day, during my visit at least was tilapia.....really?  Another example was mussel dish....frozen and/or farm raised?  the list goes on.  again, overall food was "ok"....not great, not bad....just ok.
2	Really not good. Really bad service. And their salad bar "with over 50 choices of soups and salads" was a joke. If you're looking for a quality dining experience this is not the place.
2	Reviewer Dissection:1. Location: 4 stars- It is located inside Planet Hollywood2. Food: 2 stars- Don't waste stomach space in cheap cuts, go for the "picanha"- Picanha is great, the other cuts are "just ok".3. Service: 1 star- Our waiter was not that good and took forever to serve us.4. Ambiance: 2 stars. A bit loud to my taste.5. Parking: 4 starsOverall Rating: 2 stars
1	OMG...do not get scammed into this horrible experience....dinner for 2 buy one get one is a complete hoax!!!! Waiter didn't care...even was rude and charged us 63 dollars instead of 32 dollars...husband is sick and has been going to bathroom all day...he ate the calamari that we think was bad because me and my daughter didn't eat that....we love Braziliian Steak houses...i.e. Texas De brazil,,and others here in Vegas...but this one was something else and by that I mean HORRIBLE.....
1	I rarely leave critiques...only when exceedingly good - or in this case - bad.  Been to Brazilian Steakhouses worldwide and this was the worst.  Meat was low quality with marginal flavoring and cooking.  Service was sparse at best.  Had to wrangle the servers to actually be served meat.  Was offered a free glass of wine... But declined.  Please avoid this place.  Our meal was free from a voucher...but would rather eat fast food Chinese.
2	Food is decent, well seasoned.  The server was great!  However, the meat took forever to come out, and when it did, not a good selection of meat.  Our server was kind enough to have the "meat guys" come our way, but again, I only got to try 3 different kinds of meat, plus roasted pineapple.  I'll stick to my usual Brazilian steakhouses in back my hometown.
1	AWFUL AWFUL AWFUL AWFULI would never come here again. The "grilled" shrimp are steamed and not really grilled and by the time they bring the shrimp at your table they are cold. The meat is awful!!!!! They bring this uneatable meat every half and hour and they are not even busy. In the mean time....till you wait for your uneatable shrimp or meat you can enjoy the salad bar ....maybe you want to try their 'delicious' mashed potatoes WITH SKIN and awful taste. I do NOT recommend this place at all. I would give them MINUS 5 STARS iF possible.
1	Don't go into the buy 1 dinner get 1 free, it is a trap!  Not worth it.  We dined November 28 and our waiter was so unattentive.  It is going to take at least 30 to 45 minutes conservatively speaking before they serve the other meat to you.  The waiter who was assigned to us (i remember his name was Alejandro) had 2 of his family members come in around the same time for dinner and of course, his service to them is extraordinary, to say the least.  Bad service!  It took them 2 hours to bring us the chicken because according to the waiter "they are still preparing it"?!  I was like..what????  Are they supposed to be ready at least in an hour?  Meat is not even at par with the Brazilian Churrascarria at the Grove in Los Angeles.Word of advice, DO NOT GO TO THIS RESTAURANT.  Go elsewhere, please!
3	This place is OK. The meat (rodizio) buffet service takes awhile in between meats. I waited for picanya and lamb after several requests. The Gauchos kept bringing me the same meats. The meat is good, not great, just not that tender. The Buffet is limited and the chimichurri sauce did not taste authentic.  If you want a great Brazilian steakhouse I recommend Texas De Brazil.After talking with a person who dined with me, she said that the  chimichurri sauce was watered down with vinegar. That would describe the taste. The lack of texture could have been from a blender.
1	***WOULD NEVER RETURN***We celebrated my brother in-law's birthday here last week & had a horrible time. First, our waiter was very impatient to get everybody's drink order. He had a huge attitude with several guests as they were going back & forth asking questions about cocktails. But after everyone was finished ordering (a table of about 15) we went to the salad bar to start. The salad bar had some hot items and a good variety of appetizer-esque dishes. Cut to about 30 minutes later when our drinks finally arrived... AWFUL! Didn't even bother drinking the nasty cocktail that was served. Good thing we didn't want anything else because our waiter NEVER RETURNED TO THE TABLE!!!!!! We were a large party there for about 2+ hours and only saw our waiter when he took the drink orders & then when the bill was paid.... WTF!?Next the meat started to arrive... Finally we would "get our monies worth"... WRONG. Meat was bland, overcooked & of poor quality. You would think a Brazilian Steakhouse would offer quality proteins, maybe that was too much to ask. While the majority of us went with the Surf & Turf a member of our party had ordered a simply medium rare fillet mignon with a potato side which took OVER AN HOUR to arrive. By which time we were ready to pack our bags so we got it boxed to go & our friend left without eating a thing.I would never recommend this place to anyone nor will we ever return. The service was horrendous, the drinks awful & the food disgusting.
4	We went there for thanksgiving lunch and the service was a bit slow in the beginning. As we mention to a couple servers, Teresa and Washington promptly took great care of us. They were both kind and attentive to our requests. They made our lunch a lot more pleasant.
1	Absolutely disgusting. If you purchased the Groupon,  I would get a refund.  We went for lunch and were less than underwhelmed with the salad bar. The food they brought to you for the seafood potion was (in a word) inedible. Run, do not walk away from this very low end restaurant in Vegas. I would be surprised if it stayed open much longer.
3	I have worked at planet Hollywood for years but have never been up here. Someone suggested that they had a pretty good variety of meats so we decided to give it a try since there was a groupon. So for 79$ you get all you can eat surf and turf( meat and seafood) the consisted everything from sirloin to lamb. Then the surf part which consist of mussels, shrimp salmon and tilapia? Comes on a separate plate. I can't rave too much on the food because some of the meats were quite dry but I did like the shrimp and sirloin. The salad bar was decent  with a variety of vegetables and hot dishes. So an alcoholic beverage is included in the deal, I got a chinahuia (sp?) with pineapple, lime and tequila. Not too bad; definitely my  kinda drink. The hunny had a rum runner and it was poured much heavier than my drink. So overall, it's an okay restaurant but for the same price I would go to texas de brasil. They have much better meat. Marcile was our server tonight and he was running around because his section was split, which I understand because I've worked in restaurants.  I was hesitant coming here because of all the bad reviews that I saw. But it wasn't as bad as anticipated.
1	We had to ask twice to have meat brought to us (once when a hostess walked by, another time by walking up to the hostess station when we couldn't find a waitress). Prior to asking, in our first 45 minutes there, we had been only been offered chorizo and ham. When we did finally start getting food, most of it was dry and/or unseasoned. The only cuts either of us actually liked were the chorizo and the bacon-wrapped chicken. When my wife wanted another drink, we once again had to seek out the hostess and ask to get one. And when it was time for dessert, we ordered flan, which isn't a dessert they make on the spot (unless it's a box mix, I guess). It should have just been a matter of picking up the dish from the fridge and bringing it out, but it took so long that we gave up  and went to the hostess to ask for our check for the one drink we had that wasn't covered by our Groupon. Maybe our experience was a result of having a Groupon?Again, we waited as the hostess consulted with two servers, neither of which were our server. I had to walk over to them again and this time asked for the manager. We waited several minutes for the manager, as the hostess asked to to "hold on" while she seated other guests. I got so tired of the waiting that I actually just told the hostess, "nevermind, we're leaving" when she turned around and said "there's the manager".The manager was apologetic (nobody else was), but despite our experience and my request that she just comp us the $7 or whatever for the drink, since we didn't even have the dessert that was supposed to be included, she still insisted that I needed to pay "the tax". It was only $2.49, so I paid and left. But I'm not sure what was taxed. Sales tax is 8%, so to have $2.49 in sales tax would require a bill of over $30. And, again, we had a Groupon that covered everything except for one sangria, so I'm not sure what I was being taxed on.AVOID THIS PLACE. The worst restaurant experience I've ever had, hands down.
2	The service was good, but the ambience, and food was decent. I found it a little overpriced.
2	This place is horrible.  Im giving it 2 stars since i did lunch it might be better for dinner. The meats had no flavor compared to other churrascarias i been to.  The meats seemed like they were lower quality.  The service was slow.  I was waiting 15 20 minutes at some points of my meal for a new meat. The seafood add on was some horribly cooked dry plate of shrimp salmon and fish cake. It's not worth the extra. There are way better options and worth the extra money. If it was not for a restaurant.com deal i would feel like I got really ripped off.
1	Horrible experience here. Slow service and flavorless food. Would be even more dissappointed if I had not saved money with Groupon. Will never go back.
4	This place is pretty pricy but the food is excellent and it taste so fresh, and the white chocolate cheese cake omg it's amazing
1	DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME AND MONEY!!!!I wish i could give it zero stars.Absolutely the worst Brazilian steakhouse I've ever been to and I've been to many.  When we sat down, we waited for at least 15 minutes before a waiter even took our drink orders and every waiter that passed us ignored us.  They acted like they didn't see us!!!! After we finally ordered, we got just 2 cuts of meat in 45 minutes!!! A real Brazillian steakhouse would serve 2 cuts in 2 minutes. We were just sitting there looking around for anyone to walk by.  On top of that the cuts we requested never came!  When we asked to speak to the manager she was like people either love us or they hate us.  I can't imagine anyone loving this place.  This is place doesn't deserve to be in Vegas.
1	Food is expensive and not worth the price. Service is horrible. Waited for ever to receive my check and another long time for them to run my card. I will not be returning here
5	What's with bad reviews? We ordered few steak sandwiches.. it was actually really good and service was just fine. Glad we came across this restaurant.
2	We saw a Groupon ($24 for two during lunch) so we decided to try it. What a waste of money, but I guess you get what you pay for. We LOVE Brazilian steakhouse and eat it pretty regularly (Fogo in Beverly Hills, Samba in Redondo Beach, Greenfield in Long Beach/Covina, Texas de Brazil in Dallas and Las Vegas) so we know what good Brazilian steakhouse is. Cons:We waited for a long time for meat. There were few meat choices (beef, chicken, pork .... no lamb). The meat was not of a good quality (was coarse or rubbery). The meat was not flavored well. The salad bar did not have many options. The salad bar ran out of bananas midway through lunch service. The pineapple was not carmelized. Pros:Our server was AMAZING (moved tables to make our large group fit, asked if we needed a high chair, was patient with the kids). When requested, the guachos brought meat cooked as requested. All servers were helpful and no one said, "You're not my table". Guachos would walk by us without offering meat and when they did offer it, they sometimes didn't say what kind of meat it was or wait to be invited to plate it. Some in our party did eat pork and some didn't. If you don't eat pork you will have few options. Even with a Groupon we didn't leave satisfied. I would not return.
1	Customer service tanked. They claim to serve 7 types of meat til your heart is content. ..... but we had a sliver of meat n waited 20 mins to get any service.  Food got cold and had to complain to management just to receive what I paid for. Not worth the "coupon" please read the fine print ... enjoy
4	My past experience wasn't that great at Pampas. a badly written coupon with bad management to say the least. But with a better heart I decided to go again. The food was great. Very busy now. I guess they've changed for the better. And the meat servers are the best, they come around to our table often. Totally up to take a picture or two.
1	Okay even with Groupon giving 60% off you still have to spend $200 to use the $100 certificate that cost $40 so we wound up spending  $175 with tip for 3 of us and the food was nasty! The service was awful Texas de Brazille is much better this was no bargain it was the cheapest cuts of meat and for the first time I agree with most of the critics on here!  Waste of money! avoid!
2	Use a coupon, otherwise this is not worth it.We actually bought our coupon through the v theater, only to find out they have a special menu for those coupons (that does NOT include the rodizio). I decided to go with the steak from the special menu because I didn't want to pay for the upgrade, and was really disappointed with what came out. Salty vegetables, and a sad looking piece of meat (I can't call it a steak, it just wouldn't be right).Other people did have the rodizio, which seemed ok. We don't eat pork, which meant that we had about 4 options, with no chicken options (because the only one they had was wrapped in bacon.Meh, I've had way better.
4	Had a great lunch. Used a Travelzoo 'twofer' so it was very economical for Vegas standards. I recommend the beef. Very tasty.
3	I have to downgrade Pampas to a 3. I've been there plenty of times and have always enjoyed the food but the last time I went there for dinner the food and service was not up to par as I have previously experienced in the past.  My boyfriend and I came there on 12/30/14 around 730pm we were told they were not allowing anyone to be seated unless you had a reservation which didnt bother me I'm reasonable they seemed a little busy but I had never had to make a reservation before and there next available reservation opening wasnt until 9pm.  When we returned they immediately sat us in the bar area and we sat and sat and sat while watching the waiters pass our table and while watching others be seated after us and being assisted by thier waiter.  I finally complained to the manager that we had been sitting here for at least 10mins the manager seemed annoyed that I was annoyed.  I asked the manager to move us into the bigger dining area and he did and we were then immediately assisted by a waiter.  We took to the salad bar area hmmm somethings missing seems to be a lot less hot items at the salad bar than there was on previous visits.  Then the food starts coming to the table all the meats were either too raw "and I like mediums rare" the meats were tough overcooked and underseasoned.  Ok surely they can make up for this with that bacon wrapped scallop and the grilled shrimp that Ive had everytime Ive come there but nope no scallop, no shrimp. I asked the manager about it she said yeah they used to have it for dinner but they no longer serve it.  Another waiter came by and placed a small plate at our table and said your surf and turf. it had a few mussels a small piece of grilled halibut I think it was and a couple of nonmemorable items.  Really?  How come the menu items are being removed and not being replaced with another item and the price is still the same?  No longer a fan of Pampas and I wont be going back ever.  Fogo De Choa will be my new brazilian steak house spot.
1	DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME COMING HERE!!!I believe they use coupons and deals to get you to come in but they are not worth it. Not only is the service slow and unfriendly. The meat is low quality and your stomach will hate you. We waited for over 45 minutes just for water! The server got mad and actually complained to host for sitting 3 parties in his section at the same time (this was being discussed right at our table over our heads). It was not a pleasant experience and with as much talent as Vegas has this is a total waste of your money and time!
