5	My family is from New Mexico.  I grew up on posole, green chilies, carne adovada, sopapillas...  This is the best New Mexico style mexican food I have had in the Valley.  Totally chill environment.  A true hidden gem. I always have to drive by like 3 times because the sign is black and it is tucked behind some vegetation.  Cheap.  Big portions.  My favorite is the carne adovada with red sauce.  It's definitely campy with fake rock walls with stuffed animal bats hanging from the ceiling in the dining area, newspaper menus and a lagoon outside, but that is part of the charm for me.  You don't have to be a fancy person to feel at home here and go ahead, bring the kids.  It's family friendly.
5	Opened by a former part-owner of Richardson's, Carlsbad Tavern is one place in the valley I keep coming back to.  It used to be on the corner of Scottsdale Road and Osborne...moving to Hayden (just south of Osborne) about 6 years ago. With inventive New Mexican entrees, Carlsbad Tavern provides both great atmosphere and eats! It's steaks, ribs, and burgers are grilled over pecan wood, adding a smokiness that's a nice alternative to hickory or mesquite. It's carne adovada rivals both Richardson's and Los Dos Molinos (though less spicy than Los Dos.) Start off with the Tequila shrimp, served with cilantro pesto black beans (to die for!) Chicken tortilla soup also rocks my world...Chili rellenos are among the best I've had in Phoenix. Ribs are way up there also. The sauce is unique, flavorful, and works perfectly with the meat. Don't forget the corn muffins with cactus butter! Well stocked bar with a friendly competent staff. They also have one of the funnier menus around called..."The Daily Guano"Much more seating here than Richardson's. What really sets it apart is the tables outside. All heated, for comfort any time of year. Add to that a creek and a fireplace...and you get a restaurant that works for lunch after golf or a on date.
4	Dang, these other reviews make me wish I'd eaten more....  This was one of our "bitch about work" spots so we pretty much just stuck to drinks, chips & salsa and maybe a Quesadilla here and there.  But still - I really like the place!  The set up in the bar is awesome, with kinda U shaped high back booths that allow you to squeeze in quite a crowd - and only the folks on the end really see anyone else in the place. Great for a girls night or if you just have obnoxious friends - and don't we all have at least a few?  The bar itself is really cool.  I love the look of it - very cave like.What I really want to come back for though is their outdoor patio.  Huge area with tables and chairs all around and a great moat/fountain/waterfall out there.  While we all know this was totally man-made of course, it has a great "hanging outdoors" feeling.  Which of course you are outdoors... but.... well....crap.  It's like your "outside" vs. in a parking lot or a cement slab.  You know where I'm going here, right?Anyhow, it's a good time, if your just hanging out with a frosty beverage or, apparently based on other reviews, to eat.
5	Awesome AWESOME atmosphere.  Especially when its not an inferno outside on their patio...surrounded by chili pepper lights and a small creek complete with foot bridge and tiki-ish bar...  Carlsbad Tavern is one of my favorite spots.I love sitting outside but as it really was an inferno when I was there last week, I had to get aquainted with the inside bar area.  Not much different, chili pepper lights and New Mexico license plates... excellent music and good vibe all around.  Spending most of my early 20s in the Midwest, I hadnt had a whole ton of New Mexican food before but let me tell you, I am now a whole hearted fan.  Lots of green chile menu items, burritos, enchiladas...  My recent favorites are the crab stuffed green chiles, and the carlsbad chicken salad.  HUGE portions so bring your apetite.  Prices are average but great for the amount of food you get...between $8 and $25 for steaks etc.  Perfect service, friendly staff.Dont forget to try a prickly pear margarita--best in town!!
3	Man, did anyone else get hit by that powerful hail-tastic burst of heavy rain yesterday? I was driving to Carlsbad Tavern when the clouds unleashed buckets upon buckets of rain on my car. By the time I got there the rain had subsided to a drizzle and it made for the absolute perfect atmosphere as I walked up the wooden planks into the cave-like atmosphere of Carlsbad Tavern.But then I looked to the right and saw an empty lagoon with tchotchke plastic turtles and fish upended and scattered atop PVC pipes in the concrete enclosure. I can accept the fact that they wouldn't keep that filled during the summer though. It's a waste of water with all the evaporation, although I'd really like to come here when the waterfall moat thingy is functioning because it looks like it would be great ambiance for a fun dinner!I got there 15 minutes late and ended up having to wait another 15 minutes for my mom and aunt to arrive (what can I say, we're a punctual family). So I sauntered up to the bar and ordered a margarita on the rocks with salt. Since it was on happy hour it cost me only $3.75 and was a smooth combination of tequila, triple sec and sweet and sour mix. For only four bucks this well concoction was one of the better margaritas in recent memory. Chile pepper lights around the bar with all sorts of bat related memorabilia managed to be campy fun rather than campy trashy and gave me plenty to observe as I was waiting.Feeling like the traditional Mexican munchies, I ordered the tricolor chips with two salsas. This was an unfortunate choice. The salsa de casa was very coarsely chopped, which made it really hard to dip or spoon onto a chip, and was extremely heavy on tomatoes with few other discernable flavors. The tomatillo salsa tasted okay but was also chopped so coarsely it was like layering strips of tomatillo on chips. The chips weren't too bad, but they were reminiscent of oil they've been using to crisp chimichangas in for the past week. I've worked in food service and I know what old oil tastes like.But the conversation with my aunt and mom more than made up for the disappointing appetizer, and it cost two whopping bucks so I totally got what I paid for, although it is a little disappointing that they don't come complimentary.Once we were seated in the main dining room, I was pleased by the atmosphere and decor (stuffed bats hanging from the ceiling! high seat booths with comfy cushions! cool copper light fixtures! rock walls and a huge floor to ceiling rock feature with vegetation!), which managed to maintain a cave-like atmosphere while still being inviting. We placed our order with a very friendly server that was a natural at making small talk and joking around, instead of coming off as peeved that we were taking too long to examine The Daily Guano. I also liked the more open ended, "Is there anything I can do for you?" Rather than the usual leading questions like, "Can I get you something to drink? Do you know what you want to eat?"I ordered the Enchantment Platter so I could try a little bit of everything, a chicken enchilada, carne adovada burrito, a chile rellano and a sopapilla. When it came out I was pretty disappointed by the presentation. It was smothered in so much sauce and cheese that it was difficult to discern just what the hell I had on my plate and it looked like my burrito had anointed the surrounding items with a liberal splash of greasy red sauce. It most definitely could have done with two plates instead of just one. (I'll admit it. It really, really pissed me off. That gut reaction made me want to rate this place around 2 stars instead of 4. I have issues with food presentation. I rearrange every sandwich I order at a restaurant to ensure even distribution of ingredients. I don't care if things are touching and mixing it up, but it better be doing so in an aesthetic manner.)But once I dug in it turned out to be a delicious meal! The chicken enchilada with tomatillo and green chile was deliciously cheesy with huge chunks of chicken. The carne adovada was tender but relied a bit too heavily on some weird tomato flavor that was thickened with what tasted like cornstarch, solo it was weird, but when the burrito entrails leaked all over the place it added a delicious flavor to the meal. The chile rellano was pure pork and cheese, a dense and delicious concoction nested atop rice and black bean. Rice was generic, black beans were delish. And I've got enough leftovers for three lunches, all for only $12.95! Psst! Don't get the habenero burger unless you want to shit fire for the next week. I've heard that from so many people that it must be true! It's not served with a complementary glass of milk for no reason...
4	What a Great Surprise!: At the suggestion of some friends, we met them at Carlsbad Tavern for dinner and drinks. I had driven by the place hundreds of times, but never thought much of it. I was quite surprised by the nice atmosphere (including a "moat") and wonderful food. I will definitely be back.P.S. When they warn you the habanero burger is hot, heed their warning!!!
4	This place is kind of a great find, good service, great food. The downside....when we went there was no water in the outdoor "river" and there was a long wait on a Friday night- so we sat in the bar. But i guess that's a good sign...
3	Fantastic place to take a visitor from out of town. The place is somewhat seasonal because you really should eat on the outside patio. It's definitely a fun atmosphere and the food is actually good (sometimes). I found the service to be nice as well - although they seem to frantically run around like chickens with their heads cut off not knowing what to do next. Their stress stresses me out. If you have kids, they'll love this as a treat and will probably remember it forever.Their margaritas are average and their mexican food is actually shitty and 80s and standard. It's edible, but not good. Their American food is pretty good though. You're going to go here for the atmosphere - bringing you back to smoking jackets and hanging out in the den. If this review is confusing, let's just say I've had mixed results when visiting this place.
5	I have been here 5 times now and like the place more and more each time i go.  With Mexican food abundant all over the area, the food here is awsome for a very good price.  the outside area is great with the waterfall and all.  Great all around.  Will be back soon!
4	I went here with a friend that is originally from New Mexico and thinks New Mexico Mexican food is the best around.  Being from the NW originally, Mexican food is pretty much all the same to me (I know that makes many, many people want to hurt me right now).  We decided to hit up happy hour after work.  They have happy hour from 3-6 and we arrived a little after 5, so it was busy, but we were still able to sit at the bar.  The problem was the only two seats left were the one where my friend kept getting hit with the drink garnishment tray every time the bartender opened it and the one where the sun was piercing into my retinas if my friend didn't strategically place her head.We decided to stick it out to take advantage of happy hour at the bar.  We would have sat at a table behind the bar, but we were told that happy hour didn't apply there and it was for dinner only.  The happy hour there isn't so happy - Unless you think $1 off of a $9 appetizer is a deal.  Granted, there were a few lower priced items if you just wanted items such as chips and salsa, but let's face it, we take advantage of happy hour so you can get the overly priced apps for what they're really worth.  We didn't really think the specials were anything special, so we decided to pay for the drinks (no tax at the bar - a helpful hint from the bartender) and get a table for dinner.The whole place is pretty cool inside and the patio would have been even better had it been a little bit warmer or if we had on a few more layers.  The dark wood and low lighting make it cozy and comfortable inside.  We ended up ordering the nachos to share and they were delicious with chipotle chips, black beans, cheese, and lots of other goodness.  My New Mexican guru told me green chile anything is the way to go, so we both ordered a bowl of the green chile stew.  It was good and I was satisfied, but nothing to write home about.The service was good, as was the food, but I would only give it 3.5 stars.  The extra star is because if you go here for only one reason, go for the basket of sopapillas - it's worth it.  No more needs to be said, just go there and order them and you'll know what I'm talking about.  And don't give me the crap story about how you don't like fried dough with powdered sugar on it that you pour honey inside of because that's just crazy talk!
5	Yum, Yum, Yum.It's spicy, so wussies take note. I LOVE their blue corn enchiladas.... they're served on a big plate and all the sides run together and you can't tell what is what... MMM!Their chicken enchiladas are also top notch.Yum.Highly recommended, especially for those with taste buds of steel :)
4	Food and fun!A great place to grab some grub, have a drink, and hang for a few hours. The atmosphere is unique and cave-like, plus they have a huge patio with fireplaces and a bar.The Habenero burger is a true test  of your manhood...
4	Grey Power Lunch at the Carlsbad.  No Power but lots of Grey for three retired Motorolans who once globe trotted over Europe on Motorola's nickel (Deutsche Mark).  Dos XX's Draft, spinach salads and chicken quesadillas were not in the same ball park as some of the fancy meals in Zurich or Toulouse but the weather was pleasant on the patio.  The water fountains conveniently  drowned out other conversations so we could discuss the pre dot com days and higher MOT stock prices.  A good place to meet every so often plus good food.
4	If you have a passion for New Mexico style hot and spicy food and you just can't seem to satiate that burning desire for those dishes that make your endorphins dance then Carlsbad Tavern is the cave for you. Carlsbad Tavern offers a wide variety of New Mexico style dishes that tend to leave the competition behind. People who like it HOT will love this place, those that prefer mild will find it tasty and bearable, and those with no tolerance for the heat should stay away from this kitchen. The restaurant offers a unique large patio complete with waterfalls and a small dining area with a cozy cavern like atmosphere. Beware of sitting near the pick up window during peak hours as it tends to be overly noisy and relatively chaotic.
3	I was sold on the reviews from fellow Yelpers that this would fulfill my need to see New Mexico-style cuisine somewhere in the vicinity of its native environment. The menu did that kitschy-kootchy faux old-time newspaper sort of look, which wasn't necessarily entirely user-friendly, but was serviceable, and the indoor water feature wasn't necessarily all that great either, but the waiter was charming, and the selections on the menu seemed interesting. The food was decent; my salmon wasn't exceptional, the salsa was a little more watery than I like, and if everything overall was not exactly as hot or as spicy as I was hoping, it wasn't bad. Basically, it's a step up from Chili's and the like, if still something short of a genuine Mexican food experience.
5	We flew in for a Spring Training Week in Phoenix, and had to make sure that we ate at all the best places. So, I pre-scowered YELP and found this great gem. We planned to meet up with a few friends for dinner the night we flew in. Worried that it would be crazy packed, our friends came down and got a table about a half hour ahead of us. The place was fairly crowded and the tiny little parking lot required valet (free) in order to park. The first thing you notice when you are going in is that it does not look like your normal building. It looks more like rock mountain walls. Having been warned, I knew the theme here was like a play on words and it was all about the bats. The inside was fun and lively. The bar scene was fairly busy and the decor with lots of signs and bats and the like. Outside on the patio was GREAT. Of course we did not sit out there, because the boys thought it might get cold. There is a covered bar outside. Lots of tables on both sides of a bridge covered moat. Heat lamps are all around in case those winter evenings are cool and there is also a wood burning stone stove off to one side. The pictures I took do not do it justice since I took them in the evening, but I will try to get them up. The four of us ordered. One got a steak (it took a little while to get), another got a special with several mexican inspired items on it. I got a vegetarian mexican combo plate and SG got a portabello sandwich. The servings were big and the staff was great about keeping our drinks and water refreshed. Everything was delicious. I especially liked my chili relleno and enchilada on my plate. They were sooo good. The tamale from the other plate was great too. I opted out of trying the sandwich, even though I will eat a rare portabello. I am otherwise very anti-mushroom. We hung out for several hours just enjoying the evening with friends that we had not seen for a long time. The bar picked up pace and the dining customers diminished. There was very little activity going on outside when we went to leave, but we did go outside and check it out. What a great place to meet with friends and be outside on a warm evening. I highly recommend checking this place out. Another friend told me the jalapeno burger is killer too, but we didnt get around to trying that one. Maybe next time!!!
4	Great food + Great Atmosphere = Great ExperienceMy business colleague (who grew up in Scottsdale and went to college nearby at ASU) took me to this place when I visited Scottsdale for the first time.  I asked him to take me to a place unique to Scottsdale, and he brought me here.We sat outside on a beautiful evening.  Temperature was perfect and the restaurant had a great overall "vibe."The food was really, really good.  I had the crab stuffed chiles (i forgot the name, but you can figure it out), which were the best I've ever had.  The chiles were deep fried and had this wonderful sauce on it.  A great dish.they also have a unique prickly pear margarita (i'm not sure if it's unique to the restaurant or unique to the area) which tastes kind of like guava.I'll definitely be coming back to this place!
5	The Service was phenomenal, The southwest egg rolls were excellante'  and the lobster enchillada's came out hot and delicious! I recommend this place to all my out of towner's.
4	Great "Oasis" spot.  You'll see this place on the east side of the road. You sort of enter the "bat cave" over a bridge and pull though the restaurant before you're seated outside.It's all walled off and the fresh "naturey batty" vibe is refreshing with no view of the bustling street outside.The food is hot, and spicy and really good.  Great service.  Solid spot for great lunching and I'm sure dinnering.
3	So after a most mediocre meal last night I'm still wondering how this place is so positively Yelped? Please don't get me wrong.. CT is a great hang out and is VERY well priced with huge portions but, quality over quantity is a sound rule that for my experience didn't hold true. We sat for about 15 minutes before we're even acknowledged by our waiter.. I was so thirsty I almost took my chances and drank from the pool on the patio.. who knows what was in that water but I was SO ready to find out when our waiter showed. Once we got moving the service was decent though one of the entrees was nearly 10 behinds behind the rest. So of course we waited for that entree to come out while ours got cold so we could eat together. Pretty annoying though forgivable I suppose. What wasn't forgivable were the screaming kids that were playing around the pool as their stupid parents sat there and got drunk. How can you enjoy a meal when there are babies crying and children playing.. it seemed like fucking Romper Room instead of a TAVERN! *Sigh* I miss Lambchop!The food.. eh.. so so. The Pork Adovada sauce was bitter to the point of needing to drown it in sour cream to take the edge off. Me personally would have sent it back but there were other powers that be. The Rotisserie Chicken wasn't better then something you can get at your local grocery, though Id have to say that the groceries are far more moist and flavorful. There were 2 standouts.. Habaero Cheeseburger and the Green Chile Mac 'n Cheese.. both very very tasty! We will certainly come back here from time to time but there are other old reliables that make better New Mexican food in Scottsdale.
4	"Surprisingly good" as one Reviewer wrote! So true! Odd looking place when you first walk in. Menu is odd too and looks like a newspaper. But odd in a good way.  All I can say is....the rellenos are so so sinful! Goce!
4	Really good!  Awesome patio and great bar area.  Everything I have ever tried has been hot though, even the chips are spicy.  It's not so bad that your tongue swells and you can't see straight.  You can still taste and enjoy the food.  I always find service to be hit and miss.  Never terribly bad, but usually just average.  Last night, we did have terrific service.  I tried the filet tacos for an appetizer-OMG!  They were sooo good.  Pricey, but well worth it.  Next time, that's my dinner.My only complaint is the dining room is quite small and not necessarily any quieter than the bar.  If they try to seat you on a busy night near the pick up window, wait for another table.  Also, if you go around happy hour, expect overflow from the bar into the dining room which can make for a less than peaceful experience.  I just try to remember that in my working days there were plenty of times my own loudmouth group of friends were even worse.  I forgot to mention chips are not free-totally lame, yet I buy them every time.
5	Love it! From the jalapeno ranch salad dressing to the habanaro burger (FIRE). We often go on the weekends after 11 and take advantage of the happy hour sliders. They're awesome- don't forget to ask for the chipolte mayo for the fries. Great Margaritas- fresh squeezed lime juice- just the right amount of salt- or not. They have a great patio with live music occassionally, misters and a moat. Two of our favorite bartenders are gone, Christy and Scotty but hopefully we still have Matt! A lot of people in the industry eat here so you know it has to be good.
4	Great lunch spot. I don't usually try much on the menu because they have the best Tortilla Soup i have ever had. I get the soup and house salad with jalapeno ranch - awesome. The patio is great when the weather is good.
2	I'm not seein' it, guys. My husband and I were eager to try Carlsbad Tavern after reading the Yelp reviews. The service WAS good, and very attentive. The complimentary chips and salsa were good; the salsa did have some kick to it. Our meals, however, were very lame. I had the blue corn enchiladas - one chicken, one shrimp - and honest to goodness, the "meat" had no discernible flavor. Not only could I not tell which was which, but couldn't identify a particular meat flavor at all; the ingredient was totally without flavor. My husband ordered the chile rellenos which he reported also lacked any discernible flavor; he said the only thing that had any flavor was the cheese. For dessert we had the sopapillas. No flavor there either! Granted, the meal was only $37 for two entrees, three sopapillas and two house margaritas (good flavor, verrrrrrrrrrrrrrrry little alcohol). We were not inspired enough to go back. Bummer. Not a place for foodies.
4	The type of cuisine at Carlsbad is officially considered 'Green Hash Chile New Mexican Style.'  I know this because we asked the bartender as we sat pondering the menu.  This was my first visit to Carlsbad Tavern, and it will not be my last.I went with a house salad and will agree with Rick S in recommending it with their jalapeno ranch dressing.  Either it was really good or I was really hungry, but I digress!  For my entree, the lobster enchiladas were completely satisfying - especially once they brought out a side of guacamole per my request.  Jared had the carne adovada plate.  (I guess he gets that every f-in time he goes there; i don't think he's ever had anything else!  Guess he likes it!)  No desserts or drinks this visit, but I'm sure we'll be back for more... although the mints on the way out were great!  (And for those curious about the price, our bill was $36 before tip).We noticed they serve a Sunday Brunch - Bloody Mary Bar as well... sounds good to me; especially once we move to Old Town and won't have to worry about drinking and driving!Friendly attentive service at the bar, and many more menu items I am excited to try.  Until next visit, Carlsbad Tavern...
4	One word here - BurgersThe open faced green chile burger is supernaturally good.  I think I'm possessed by a green chile demon from eating it.  The Patty Melt is uberbomb too.  I haven't ventured far from the burgers, but I know the Chile Rellenos are solid as is the Blue Corn Enchiladas.
5	I love this place!! Waterfall outside! Serves food late into the night! The food here is fantastic! It is a breath of fresh air when you can taste the love that an establishment has put into their food!Will be back many times in the future. Highly recommended.
3	Carlsbat Cavern, or rather, Carlsbad Tavern, is a campy New Mexcian restaurant/bar that was the "ethnic" concession made to me by my parents after pleading to go to at least one regionally appropriate restaurant during my visit.What do I mean by campy, you ask?- Stuffed animal bats on the ceiling. As G.O.B. from AD would say, "Come on!"- Newspaper menus headlined "The Daily Guano"- Bat sauce: a Habanero-based hot sauce that was mild considering the base- A cave-themed interior, a bar area, and a decorative pool/moat exteriorAfter I assisted my sheltered family in translating the "unfamiliar" menu, we consumed:- Nachos (~$6 on HH, normally ~$9): Chips were a bit light for the heaping toppings- Lobster Enchiladas (~$16): Disappointing - slightly bitter and not much taste overall- Chile Rellenos (~$11): Peppers stuffed with pork and cheese, tasty but a bit heavy- Green Chile Mac + Cheese (~$6): Standard with appreciably subtle pepper flavor- Chocolate Mousse Cake ($7): Too much cake and too much sugar, not enough cocoa- Chocolate Eruption ($7): A "cake" with hardened chocolate mousse and cheesecake chunks; better than the aforementioned but still overly sweetOn happy hour, for a meal made of discounted appetizers and ~$4 margaritas, I could see this being a fun choice, but skip dinner (even though admittedly I am compelled by the ample outdoor moatside seating and the Habanero burger replete with medical warnings.) While I don't feel I wasted my restaurant selection, I also don't feel I prospected and struck pay dirt in Carlsbad Tavern either and I'm sure gold is out there.
5	I live about 2 minutes from this great place!  My Mom was a graduate of Carlsbad Highschool 1957 and I am from New Mexico so this has a special place in my heart!  The crab cakes are great and so is just about every single meal, especially the osso bucco.  They have a  signature ribeye quesadilla that is served early in the day.  They admit that they don't make ANY money on it. Yes, it's THAT good!  The fireplace which is outside smells great in the winter months!  There is not ONE single meal at the Tavern that is bad!!
3	I really enjoyed the atmosphere of Carlsbad Tavern.  We chose to sit outside where it was cool and isolated from the rest of Scottsdale, although the inside looked cozy and inviting.Our service was great as well, unobtrusive yet on the ball.  Our iced teas were refilled quickly and our waitress always seemed to be right there when we needed her without hovering.But the food wasn't that impressive.  It wasn't bad, and I probably made a bad menu choice: I ordered a steak at a place specializing in New Mexican cuisine.  For $21 I expected a steak of a bit higher quality than what I received.  It was difficult to cut and had none of the grilled flavor that I was anticipating, but it was smothered in a decent creamy peppercorn-laden sauce.  However, the mashed potatoes and veggies were great. The potatoes were loosely mashed with good amount of spice added that was noticeable but not overwhelming.  The veggies were a nice variety and not overcooked.Again, the food wasn't bad, but not as good as I was expecting for the price.  I would go back for one of the menu items that is more in line for a restaurant specializing in New Mexican cuisine, but I'll go elsewhere when I've got a hankerin' for a good steak.
4	this place is one of our favorites. the inside is fairly lame, but the patio is perfect. i always get the carne seca (or is it seca? i always get them confused) plate and i'm never disappointed. spicy enough it makes my nose run and loads of flavor. the service has always been on-it; i've never been left hanging with a burning mouth and no cold beer. i've never tried the "american" fare on the menu, their new mexican food is just too good.
4	This is one of those places I've driven by a thousand times, yet have never been to. We went here after dinner and my date told me that they have a nice patio for drinks. From the road, it looks like any establishment, but as soon as you get to the entrance, it's like you're walking on the set of Pirates of the Carribean! It was really cool. The outside patio was designed to look like a beach front dock with a lagoon. There are two fireplaces on the lower patio with a bar in the middle. And then seating on a deck on the outside of the bar. Inside there is a bar and also high backed booths to fit two or four people. The ambiance of this place is unlike any place I've been to before. (note...I'm new to the valley!). The service was fast and courteous and the drinks strong! There's room for large groups outside and it's a very festive crowd. I'm going back there this Saturday for drinks with friends and encourage you to go too. I haven't eaten there yet, so I can only give the place four stars, but I loved this place. If I had friends visiting from out of town, this is the kind of place I'd take them too.
3	the outdoor seating is great with the waterfall in the background. The food was mediocre, while the service was good and outdoor seating great, i would not go back secondary to the quality of the food. to note: they serve until 2 am!
4	Awesome atmosphere and a unique place to go. I ordered the habanero burger and it really lit me up. As I was nearly finished the waiter remembered it is supposed to come with a free glass of milk (which I didn't get).
4	When I moved to S Scottsdale from Central Phoenix, I was so sad to leave Richardson's and Dick's Hideaway behind in my old hood . . .  until I discovered Carlsbad Tavern. I love my food with a little bite - it's comfort AND adventure on one plate. And unlike my central favorites, Carlsbad has plenty of tables ready for me to pop in on a whim. More room, yet it still feels cozy.Outside by the waterfalls with warming heaters - great for a first date OR a night with good friends!
3	I don't get to Carlsbad Tavern as much as I would like to but there food is really great!  The atmosphere is warm and inviting as well.  I think I need to go get some of that good green chile right now to warm me up!
4	I was very happy with the food and service. The service was wonderful and quick too.
4	great place to go with friends and unwind they have a great patio, and being in AZ that is everything (esp. if you smoke)  the menu is diverse the food is New Mexican, not mexican (being from Jersey i can not tell you what the difference is only that there is one).  portions are big, again catering to groups and making it more of a hang out then a date spot go green chile!
4	The one (and only) thing I miss about living in Albuquerque, New Mexico is the food. "New Mexico Mexican" is different, and not easily found outside the confines of that state.Carlsbad Tavern gets it though. They offer truly authentic New Mexican cuisine. Some will love it, some won't. On top of good food, the atmosphere is cool too. Even on a freezing cold night (freezing from the Phoenix perspective), you can sit comfortably on the wicked cool patio thanks to fireplaces and heaters. Service has been above average on every trip I've taken.
2	I will admit, I have no idea what "New Mexican" food is and after eating at Carlsbad Tavern, I still have no idea how the style differs from typical Americanized Mexican food. I should also add, one of my main motivations for eating here was because Phoenix magazine named the Carne Adovada one of the top 50 dishes in the valley. -- I hope this isn't really one of the top 50 dishes in the area. The decor was nice and the service was good. My margarita had very little flavor and although I knew what I was going to order, I thought the menu was too long and a little kitchy. So when the Carne Adovada came I was expecting some flavor and spice...not spicy at all. And as far as flavor goes, it wasn't offensive by any means, but it really lacked a distinctive flavor that would set it apart from Chef Boy-R-Dee "New Mexican" food.
4	I just visited this place on Valentines day with M, and was very pleased with the experience.I'd never even heard of the place, and when she suggested it I looked it up online, found the website and decided it was a great idea.The food is a New Mexican menu, complete with plenty of chilies in a lot of the dishes. The atmosphere on the outside look nothing what you experience inside. The bar looks comfy, and the patio (where we sat) is nice and intimate, plenty warm with the fireplace and heaters. The service was (mostly) attentive, only lacking at the point when we needed our server towards the end of our meal.I had the Machaca & Tomatillo Chimichanga as my main course, M had the Portales Portobello Sandwich. Both were very good. The mushroom was a perfect tenderness, not too springy or chewy. The flavors were even, and the chipotle mayo a tad too spicy for M. My Chimi was tasty, the tortilla a nice combo of crunchy on the outside and chewy inside. The Machaca was flavorful and tender with a nice accent from the tomatillo. I was also impressed with the side dishes my meal came with. The rice was tender and light, with just the right amount of  slices and cheese (not too much of either). The black bean were cooked evenly and had a heat that comes up on you well after you've taken a bite.I liked my experience, and look forward to going back again sometime.
4	After a long day at Taliesin West and Saguaro national park, I went here with a friend.  When I walked to the front door, I immediately thought the place looked like a miniature golf course replica, but maybe that is because I live in New England and our restaurants aren't as creative (except when there is a lobsta' on the roof!).  The decor inside was like a fun sports bar or Texas steakhouse restaurant, minus the peanut shells. Our waiter was nice and attentive.We both ordered the Manchaca and tomatillo chimichanga.  Generally, I don't tend to order beef at any restaurant, except for the occasional Wendy's hamburger (I just love those square patties!).  The shredded beef was absolutely delicious.  The chimichanga was also served with rice and beans, which were fine, but the main dish stood out on its own.  If I am back in town and Carlsbad Tavern is still open, I will definitely come back.
3	I met a friend for lunch yesterday. Loved the water feature and patio walking in, if it had been warmer I would have definitely sat outside. Inside was a little dark and I guess it was all the bats around but it reminded me of "Dusk Till Dawn". We were seated, I hope was hoping for chips and salsa, I guess they don't serve them here? We weren't even offered the ones on the menu, which I probably would have declined anyway because chips and salsa should be complimentary. Anyhow I ordered the Fresh Snapper Tacos (see pics) There is a lot of fish there being smothered by all those peppers, but as for everything else what you see is what you get.For $15 I would have liked more than a TBSP of each, rice and beans, and a DEFINITELY more than a teaspoon of cheese and sour cream and maybe a lime or lemon. There was more garnish on the plate than anything. Other than that it was good. My Friend ordered the Green Chile Stew and The Green Chile Mac and Cheese (see pics) She has been here before so knew what she liked. I tasted the macaroni and thought it was pretty good too.I'll give 3 stars until I go back and try out some other things.
5	I could have reviewed this place one million more times. Two things that stand out recently. As many times as I've been there I've never had their green chili mac & cheese - Where was I? Lalala land? It's fabulous. I.want.to.go.to.there. -again.Late one night we were talking about how convenient it would be to have 'donuts to go' for us late night drinkers. That way we wouldn't have to stop on the way home OR get up with a hang over and run out to get donuts/breakfast burritos/pepto that sort of thing the next morning. Just drunken bar converstation with the bartenders.Well, not half an hour later one of the bartenders showed up with a dozen donuts. SERIOUSLY! I was impressed and thrilled and covered in chocolate frosting by the time we left. :) Seriously good times. Fabulous staff and customer service. Doesn't get any better than this..I can't think of any more to say. Go there, just don't take my seat.
3	I can really only review the beer selection (not bad) and the service (quite good, considering the size of our group).I did get to watch some of my friends try a habanero burger. The fools. I snacked on a few things and everything was excellent. No, I skipped the habanero buger, thanks all the same.All and all, a good place. Great atmosphere and a killer patio. I'll go back. And this time, I'll eat.
5	An incredible place.  The food is wonderful, flavorful but not excessively spicy.  This is the cooking of New Mexico.I was visiting and out hosts took us there.A definite DON'T MISS!
4	We ate here a week ago on a last minute choice and it turned out to be pretty good.  Two of us had the fresh snapper tacos and really enjoyed them.  Very big portion and the fish was very good.  One of our group and a combination enchiladas, chicken and crab.  Also a very good portion and good food.  Our other friend had a crab stuffed chili pepper and it was huge.  He ate half of it.  Also very good.  Service was good and all in all it was a nice meal.
5	LOVE this place.  I've never had New Mexican food before, and I'm happy this is my introduction to it.  I cannot get enough of their Habanero Burger, YUM!!!!  Lobster Enchiladas and anything beef is delicious too.    Really, I think they have the best beef I've ever had.  SO GOOD!
5	The BEST place in scottsdale hands down! They have the BEST margaritas! They make their own mix and its NOT sweet! LOVE LOVE it! The bartenders are amazing not to mention there isn't a thing on the menu that we haven't tried that wasn't amazing! Check it out! Great atmospher for scottsdale totally chill, no heels needed!!! Order the Chimayo Chicken its my fav, I could eat it daily!!
4	Sat on the patio last night-heat lamp ON of course.  Really lovely, and the waterfalls drown out the sound of traffic on Hayden.  I wanted Sangria but didn't see it on the menu.  Not only did they have it, it is probably some of the best I've had.  If you've never tried Carlsbad, now is the time to enjoy the patio with that glass of Sangria.
5	My wife and I love this place. We eat here often and have yet to have a bad experience with food or service. Their Carne Adovada is outstanding and the Lobster Enchiladas are magnificent, especially the three chile sauce.  One of the things I love about this place is that they serve spicy food with a huge depth of flavor, something that is very hard to accomplish.If you haven't been, I highly recommend checking it out. You won't be sorry, except if you have the Habenero Burger, then you might be a little sorry about half way through it...very spicy. Enjoy!  :-)
4	I really enjoy coming to this place.  The patio is really cozy and I would recommend sitting out there.  I have only had the late night menu but I always enjoy my food and the margs are good too.  Try the green chili quesadilla...so delish.  P.S. The patio can be slippery because of the waterfall. I face planted it the other night and my boyfriend is STILL laughing. Be careful!
4	Any place with an Habanero Burger served with a glass of cold milk is my sort of place.  Green Chile macaroni and cheese is quite tasty as well.  They also have a modest selection of craft beers on tap.  Menu is printed in/on a newspaper style format which is cute.  Nice atmosphere with water and little bridges.  Good vibe.
4	I haven't been to this place in over a year, but back in the day I was there every Tuesday night and had a great time.  Great food, great staff.
5	It took a lot of convincing, but we were able to talk the whole MSBL team into going here for dinner one night during the tournament. They complained up a storm about how it was 20 minutes away from where we were staying and some said they just wanted to lay around and do nothing. But, I just stood my ground and told them how great this place was and that they would like it. We made a reservation for 9 for the outside area. The guys were all late, figures. But they had a table for us and it was a gorgeous evening. They guys all got steaks, burgers, southwestern inspired dishes, etc. They ate like they had played all day in the sun. Ok, maybe they earned it. And after it all, they thanked me. They all loved it. The food was just as good. The outside setting was far better than inside the first time, and our servers kept up with this roudy crew.
3	I was excited to try this restaurant after nearly a year since trying it last.  But I think my expectations exceeded the results.  I tried the Taos Pork Tenderloin and was disappointed because the pork was cut into medallions, which I believe is the reason they were dry.  Frankly, I was happier with the side items: my mixed vegetables were good and cooked to perfection and the Jalapeno potatoes are awesome but apportioned too small.My dinner companion had the Carlsbad Ribeye with which he was very happy.  I guess it was me who thought that the meal should be more balanced than this huge piece of meat (20 ounces) served with a tortilla smaller than my hand.I remember the first time I visited, thinking that the waterfalls were an unusual touch, but the more I sat there, the more I found myself thinking of Gilligan's Island.  A little too corny for me, I guess.Our service was great though; both the host and the server were really friendly.
3	We were there very early this evening, so that may be the reason we had a less-than-5 star experience... We ordered off the happy hour menu -- crab cakes and potstickers. We also ordered the green chili mac and cheese. The food was VERY good, for bar food. Nice spice in the crab cakes and the aioli that came with them -- and the salad greens on the plate were outstanding. The pot-stickers were okay, but not on the same level. The mac and cheese was good -- but could have used a few more minutes under the broiler to make them a little less soupy. We got a side order of guac and should have gone with the full order. Where Carlsbad lost us though, was the margarita. I know it was somewhat my mistake -- I ordered the house marg and asked them to substitute Grand Marnier. When the marg arrived, I couldn't taste any GM and asked the waitress to check if maybe it had been left out. She shouted over to the bartender to confirm that he had added the GM -- and of course he said he had... Oh well, without the taste of the GM, it was just a plain old margarita. I would have paid $5 for a decent dose of GM, but whatever. I decided to pass on the margarita and just drank my water instead. The margarita sat on the table untouched throughout the meal and the waitress never asked about it. It would have been a nice touch to have had her at least offer to get me something else... So I'm knocking a star off for service... But the outside patio IS great looking and I recommend you head out there when you arrive. I'm not sure why this place shows up as a tapas bar in the Yelp listing, but it's really not a tapas place. It's a New Mexico themed bar/restaurant with very good food and I'm sure most of the staff is very good as well, judging from the other reviews... Don't pass this up on my account -- but do remember my experience when ordering your margarita...
4	Great place to take a break on a different take on new Mexican cuisine instead of the constant sonoran style Mexican food were used to here in the valley. The restaurant itself has an odd decor that will have you thinking more of LOST, or Gilligan's Island instead of the famous caverns. I believe it used to be a Polynesian restaurant back in the day, many moons ago. The food is great here and the portions huge. They do have some Mexican beers on draft which is also great. My wife loves and swears by the Lobster enchiladas and my buddy and I spilt the Habenero burger. Thank god we split it as its by far the hottest burger this side of the Rio Grande. Carlsbad does a really great chili both red and green and I haven't veered to far off the menu for other entrees. I recommend it if your looking for great casual evening out with Friends or if your just driving by and in the mood for a great lunch.
4	Our group was there on Thursday...about 10 of us.  We shared a variety of all of the appetizer specials ... everything was delicious. They should probably have warned us about the habanero sauce that came with one of the dishes (sorry, can't remember which one)... but after the initial burn, it was really good.  (If you like really hot & spicy, the habanero burger is awesome!).  Our waitress was excellent!  While we weren't a very demanding group, our server was on-the-ball and very professional.  The decor is very unique, as well...in keeping with the "tavern' theme - there are bat-like designs everywhere.  If you visit during the cooler months, sit outside on the patio near the water or be sure to come at night and hang out next to the fireplace.  Fair warning, parking can be a bit of a bear as it is very limited. Overall, it's a nice place and good food.
4	Went for supper with wife and 18 month old. We sat in the same kids section we always sit in which is perfect because little HJG can make noise and fit right in. The service was as good as usual and we got good food at good prices. They have good American fare and some good green chile. The french fries are sinful. The salads are a bit olde fashioned -shredded processed cheese on top? CT is also a good spot for happy hour and to watch sports and tip back suds.
4	I'm a big fan of this place.  It's not really well marked on Hayden and I almost missed it the last time I was driving there.  The first few times I was here there were always long waits, but I was here last on a Saturday night at about 730 and it was probably half empty...hopefully they aren't losing too much business.My favorite things here are the lobster enchiladas and the crab stuffed poblano peppers. The lobster enchilada plate comes with two enchiladas, rice pilaf and asparagus.  It's topped with a really nice mild spiced, lobster-y, tomato-y, creamy sauce.  I recommend saving a little rice until the end so you can easily clean up all the extra sauce.  The enchiladas are not too big, but you're definitely full after finishing them.  The poblanos are awesome.  I'm pretty sure they're broiled and there's a great crisp on top of the peppers.  It's a pretty rich dish and somewhat spicy, but the sweetness of the peppers brings everything together well.  The appetizers are good.  Last time I was there I had the nachos and mexican potstickers.  The nachos were awesome...chips were crunchy, plenty of cheese, and they came with green chiles on top, which gave it a great lil kick.  The potsitckers were not anything special, but kinda an interesting idea with the asian/mexican mix. Finally, a trip to Carlsbad Tavern is not complete without the sopapillas.  They serve them warm with honey.  No matter how full you are, there is always room for a sopapilla or two.
5	In the home stretch now and we're finally in some familiar territory; first stop I need my fix from Carlsbad! I have been going to this place for about 12 years now, spent literally 1000s of dollars and wasted eons (and my trusty liver) at the bar. I always like to introduce new friends to the joint, specifically for Green Chile Stew and the Carne Adovada, which can vary in Scoville units dramatically on a daily basis. Since the last drive was from Amarillo to Phoenix I had a lot of time on my hands to patiently wait for the gorge and once again I didn't let myself down. At the bat cave, things always start with an ice cold Negro Modelo and perhaps a shot of Gran Centenario Reposado...this is a requisite in my company. The stew is such my comfort food, thick and juicy with potatoes, carrots, tons of hot green chile & roasted pork, then covered in Colby jack and served with a tortilla. If you need any extra heat they have habanero hot sauce plus chipotle so you and your toilet are covered there. I don't know if it has magical powers or if it's just the combination of tequila, beer and the hot chile endorphin rush but I always walk out floating in my shoes and wanting more...so much so that I went back the next day to procure two quarts of green chile stew to take back home to my baby. Next, if you have never had Carne Adovada, go, go now, and seek out the majestic dish dating back to mayan or...well frankly I have no idea, but it's F'ing tasty. First they take Pork Roast and heavily marinate it in Red Chile for up to 18 hrs, then it's slow and low roasted for like a day. It just falls apart when it arrives, and the heat can be deafening, or not, depending on which Sadist is slinging beans on that particular day. It is always served piping hot with black beans and rice, and flour or blue corn tortillas to sop up the crimson mess. Top it off with about six more Negros and you are in a happy place--every time. Salud!Sidebar: just watch your speed driving in Scottsdale, because AZ is now a police state. If the pigs don't nab you, the speed cameras surely will. Vote Libertarian.
5	Carlsbad is truly one of my favorite places in the valley, although I usually only get the opportunity to go for lunch. This place also holds a special place in my heart because it was my first real meal in Arizona. This is where I went to lunch on my first trip out here for an interview. It's also a favorite place for my coworkers and I to visit. First things first. The atmosphere is fantastic. The inside and outside both have great seating and I love the welcome feel you get when you arrive from both the staff and the decor. The outdoor seating area is one of the best I've ever seen. If you've never sat in between the outdoor bar and the pond, you are truly missing out. The food is always fantastic, well portioned, and well priced. Blue corn enchiladas are one of my favorites. Warning though, do not eat them if you are not a fan of cheese. I, however, live for cheese and am in love with them. The lunch specials they have are *always* incredible and definitely worth trying. I don't know anyone that's ever been disappointed by them. Last time I was there it was roasted chicken enchiladas with a mushroom cream sauce. Can I say please eat me now?If you enjoy fantastic food, amazingly personable staff, and a great setting, this is a must!
3	we tried the chimichanga and the enchiladas here. they were both pretty good. the chimichanga was a little spicy but tasty. the chicken and shrimp enchiladas were very good.the place itself is really nice as the outdoor seating is really pretty and has a mini pond. the inside is suppose to resemble Carlsbad Caverns Cave and is also nicely decorated but can be a little dark.the parking lot is a litte small though.
4	After spending over 4 hours buying a new car on MacDowell, my husband and I were starving and ready for a nice big drink!  He had the idea to backtrack to Carlsbad Tavern; the perfect spot to unwind, relax and enjoy some great food.We sat at the bar (late afternoon and the place was pretty empty) and the bartender was delightful! Also, a couple of the servers were off duty and sat down to chat. We enjoyed the banter and the obvious friendship and felt priviledged to be included! They have a nice happy hour menu (early 'bat' specials, ha ha)  with appetizers and drink specials. But we went straight for the blue corn enchiladas (one chicken and one shrimp is how they come, but you can have them other ways) on their regular menu. Delicious! And the margaritas are really good...tart with lots of lime, not like those extra sweet ones you sometimes get in Mexican restaurants. The menu includes other New Mexican specialties and burgers that are supposed to be out of this world. We inhaled our food (and a couple margaritas!) and felt so much better driving home in the new car!
4	This place has awesome margaritas on the rocks.  It's not the fanciest place around, considering Scottsdale and all of it's pretentiousness is right down the way.  But it is a great place to relax and grab a nice meal and drink, especially by the waterfall late at night.  They have a pretty good late night menu too that I used to always order off of when I got off of work.  I love their carne adoba (?) plate!  They also have really good appetizers.  Cute place to drop by when you're in the area and just want to kick back.
5	My husband and I went to Carlsbad last night. It really is one of our favorite places. We typically sit at the bar..alright, who am I kidding? We always sit at the bar. Why? Because the service it outstanding. Matt & Jacob were working last night- we always have such a great time with them. The conversation, the drinks, the food. It's like our home away from home. My husband had the Surf & Turf and I had a bite of the filet and the shrimp and both were supremely delicious! The filet was cooked to perfection and smothered in shitake mushrooms. To. Die. For. He ate everything on his plate. I thought he was going to lick it clean. (Thankfully, he knows better).I'm dieting. I had a salad with no dressing and ate the whole thing. Really. A salad with no dressing and I still ate it all! Plus they didn't roll their eyes when I brought in my diet tonic. And believe me, I deserved at least an eye roll.This is what I really wanted to share with you. During the month of September they have 1/2 priced food items from their late night menu. 12AM - 2AM Sunday through ThursHALF PRICE! The sliders were already a screaming delicious deal and now they're half off.  There is a God and he loves me! Loves me to eat  Half price Sliders. AMIRITE?!
4	I like you Carlsbad Tavern, I really do.  We are friends, right?  Sooo, I can totally come back even though I was introduced to you while on a date with a guy who I'm not dating anymore because he has a little problem called a girlfriend?  That wouldn't be awkward, right?  Yeah, you should bring dates here if you're hiding something from them because they will be distracted by the waterfall.  Also, the enchiladas are decent (let's face it, I'll eat anything covered in green chili) and the patio is great for relaxing with a margarita.  Carlsbad isn't good enough for you to get lucky though,  just in case you were wondering about that.
4	Went this afternoon with about 15 of my co workers. Lots of great food and drinks to go around. I had a chicken salad that was great ! and the assorted dishes around the table all looked fantastic. The service was excellent as was the atmosphere. I will be back with my wife.
5	If you haven't tried Carlsbad Tavern at Hayden and Osborn then you must check it out.  This restaurant has fantastic ambiance and unbelievably great tasting food, the best I've had in Phoenix!!!  I spent 6 years in Southern NM and go back annually for their Green Chili during the September harvest so my standards are high.  This place does everything right.  Their outdoor patio is a true retreat from the hustle and bustle of South Scottsdale, a private retreat.  Although this place is across town, I will make it back at least monthly to get my combination plate on.  Highest praises to the Carlsbad Tavern team.
4	I thought the best part was the ambiance outside by the waterfall.  The second best part was the pomegranate margarita.  The third best part was my portobello mushroom burger with chipotle mayonnaise.
3	Went here for brunch this morning (Sunday) and there were a few things that diminished the experience for me:* You claim New Mexican grub and then you charge for chips and salsa or sopapillas which are standard complements to any New Mexican restaurant meal.* At $3, the coffee is  a rip off! Seriously? We're not talking cappuccino, people and you're selling build-your-own Bloody Marys for the same price!* The carne adovada was tender but not very spicy.That said:* The green salsa was really good.* I'm so desperate for carne adovada, I'll settle. (besides, $9 is more than a fair price for 3 eggs, black beans and carne adovada in a bowl on a flour tortilla - even if it was more beans than pork.)* There are several options for $5; and, if they are all like the eggs benedict, they are generous portions.* The patio is nice and the bar area feels like a neighborhood pub (not a cave, but that's not got to be a bad thing!)
4	We usually descend in a large group later in the evening and the staff are always friendly and the food consistently good.
5	Went there later one of the weekend nights. The ambiance seems good for friends get together or even family eating. I ordered the Chile Releno stuffed with pork since this place seems to specialize in green chile. And let me say it was amazingly good. I am hooked! A friend ordered the pork shank. It was a bit strange since it's more Italian than new mexican the way it was made. But, it's still tender and yummy. I'll definitely have to go back and try some more things on the menu. But I like!
5	Is there a rule about New Mexican Restaurants needing a water feature to pass on the way in?!?! I was just wondering because I am noticing a theme....hmmm.My BFF and I went here for dinner the other night. He was in the mood for some beef stew and I was along for the ride. We started with their take on chicken empanada's and I thought they were ok, not amazing. They had an interesting white sauce that kind of reminded me of cauliflower, which might have been what it was...lolI decided to go with the platter that came with a chicken enchilada covered in green Chile sauce, I will be honest, I was not impressed with this and left most  of it on the plate...but the good news was this was not the selling feature of the plate. It also came with a Carne Adovada burrito with red sauce, it was very well flavored and extremely tasty, I loved every bite. And don't forget the Chile relleno with cheese and pork that was extremely tender and very flavorful! I'm a big chile relleno fan, and would definitely order it again!The beans and rice were pretty good, and everything had that New Mexican spice...Not too hot, but enough spice to satisfy!We also splurged this night and got the Sopa Basket, we are not huge honey fans, so we asked what else we could have and they offered warm butterscotch sauce, which was so good we contemplated drinking it...although we didn't give in to our desire!I am looking forward to returning and having the Carne Adovada plate next time!
3	This place is cute.  I was a little intimidated when I checked the menu online and there were no $$ signs.  To me that always means pricey but I was pleasantly surprised to walk in and look at the Mexican food selection to find that everything was under $15.So my first disappointment was paying for the chips and salsa.  Paying, really?  The waiter was generous with the salsa and chips but that still disappointed me.Food:Chips and salsa-  Salsa wasn't good.  I mean it was OK but being a Mexican food lover, I've tasted many salsas in my day and this was mediocre at best.Chile Rellenos-  These were delicious and would highly recommend them.  Also, the rice is fantastic.  Not the biggest pork fan but I still found these amazing.Machaca & Tomatillo Chimichanga- Also delicious. I mean it is a deep fried burrito but still very well done.Sopas- you can add a sopapia for .75 each.  We each had one which came with honey as our dessert.  They were very good and not too much or too little.Service:Fan-freakin- tastic.  Our server was great.  He was extremely attentive and friendly.  So this place is more like 3 1/2 stars probably but we ate at Dick's Hideaway the next night which was much more impressive and thus, because I am comparing, I have to give this 3 stars.  I would recommend it and come back!
4	The wifey and I went here last night and it was pretty good. I had some pork dish that was amazing and she had filet mignon tacos that were delicious as well. I really should have taken better note of the exact dish name I had but alas... I did not. Anyways, great atmosphere, friendly staff and really good food. The only reason I'm not giving them a 5 is because they charge for chips and salsa and their salsa was pretty weak. By weak I mean not spicy. Come on, put some peppers in there!
5	Carlsbad Tavern is my favorite Mexican restaurant. I love the dark and cozy atmosphere inside and I love that they have Hoegaarden on tap.. I've had the machaca burrito and fish tacos here and both dishes were amazing. They serve New Mexico cuisine here. The only difference I noticed is they are big on green chile and use black beans instead of refried beans. I have a lot of friends from New Mexico and they all love this restaurant. The food here is delicious and flavorful if you don't live in the neighborhood it's definitely worth the drive.
5	I have been going to Carlsbad for years and it is one of my favorite places in the valley. I have read a lot of the reviews and one thing is noticeably absent and that is any  comments on their Tortilla Soup.  It is the best in the valley as far as I am concerned. Another thing I have noticed a lot of previous reviews have mentioned is the water feature.  Some like it, some don't.  It may be helpful for some people who have not lived in valley for a long time to know that in it's previous life the building that Carlsbad Tavern now occupies was once a seafood restaurant called Pier De' New Orleans or something like that.  You can vaguely see as you walk into the restaurant the old motif of a seaside pier, and the bow of the boat was the main dining room.  So Carlsbad Tavern inherited the water feature and kept it as part of their dinning experience.  I like it and just wanted to shed some light for anyone who might find it odd or out of place.
4	Just got back from Carlsbad Tavern.  It was good.  Great service.  Fun atmosphere. Kid friendly.  Loved their black beans.  My husband loved his fish taco salad.  I liked my meal.  I wasn't excited about my food like my husband was.  My only suggestion to them would be to add more vegetarian options without relying on cheese.
2	When we moved to Arizona, Carlsbad Tavern was one of the very first places we tried. And I have never returned. I drive by it from time to time and just wonder how it stays open. As other Yelpers have mentioned: they charge for chips and salsa, and neither are even remarkable (DON'T buy it). I thought the atmosphere was okay and welcoming for a casual place. Perhaps it was an off day, but the food and the service were quite poor. We went in for lunch on a Friday, and I had chicken quesadillas because I wasn't too hungry. My date ordered a green chili burrito. The only thing that saves this from being a one star in my mind was that the green chili was really tasty on the burrito. I would recommend trying something else in the valley before trying here.
4	My wife and I went here about 6 months ago. The outdoor patio is great! We had a few beers and dinner... don't remember exactly what I had but we both enjoyed our New Mexican food in AZ. I'd definitely go again.
3	Met up with 2 friends from the valley who had never heard of the place. Decor had a woodsy eclectic feel. Sat down and the bartender was a pompous ass. Just had an attitude the entire time. Screwed up my drink order and was for the most part inattentive. The food was the saving grace. I had the pork whatchamacallit and it was intensely delicious. Rice and beans were also equally excellent. Come to think of it, i coulda given it a 5 star meal if it wasn't for the arrogant bartender. Oh and if you haven't read, you have to pay for the chips and salsa.
4	In a town littered with strip malls and chains, Carlsbad Tavern is a one-of-a-kind restaurant that blends New Mexican with middle American.  They've got a big menu and a lot of great quirky items--the green chile blue enchiladas are great, the tomatillo machaca chimichanga is heartcloggingly good, and the habenero burger is 5-alarm hot.The service is not particularly stellar here and their drink prices are steep unless you get there for their late night (past 11pm) menu.  Still, it's a great place that's rarely crowded, the enclosed patio is nice, and the food's wild.
3	The hubs and I went here last night with a couple of friends. I have been here before years ago and remembered that it never really stuck in my mind as a MUST go to place. First off, What restaurant in AZ charges for Chips and Salsa!?!?! SERIOUSLY, Who does that! The regular salsa doesn't have much flavor to, the salsa Verde is good, but has a weird lingering after taste. Secondly, their newspaper menus are sooo annoying! They are all floppy and when four people are sitting at a table trying to open them and read them it gets a bit crowded and elbows in your face. Thirdly, the service was lacking. I had to ask for a straw a couple times, they give you straws for sodas, but not for waters. We saw our waitress maybe twice. We asked for a side of enchilada sauce and they charges a $1 for it. Fourth. The food. Its not terrible, but its nothing spectacular. The flour tortillas taste like they are store bought and not fresh. Their jalapeno mashed potatos are pretty dope, I will give them that much. Would I ask to go back here? No. Would I put up a fuss if someone else wanted to go here? Nah. I'd go again....Maybe just bring my own chips and salsa!
4	Nothing screams I'm in Arizona than waking up at 11:00AM and heading straight to Carlsbad Tavern for my late morning pina colada...all while sitting outside right by a mote. Please take note of the menus! They look like newspapers. I had the Spicy Lobster Croissant with a side of fries dipped in lemon aioli. Really? REALLY. (And REALLY REALLY GOOD). I just wish smoking was prohibited even in the outdoor seating portion of the restaurant. Major bummer when our neighbors decided to take a smoke (while they were eating...can't they just enjoy their food for a few minutes?) Aside from that, I thought it was a fun place to eat! When I was leaving the restaurant I noticed the indoor portion of the restaurant looked pretty small? Oh no... :-\
5	Great surprise-- I have driven by this place several times-- food was excellent-- I had the Enchantment platter-- just the right amount of heat without being overwhelming-Cool cave-like atmosphere inside and fun patio area-- I will definitely be back and bring out of towners
3	I went back to Carlsbad Tavern, because I had been dreaming about the Carne Adovada plate. Remember my last review; the burrito was To die for!So I ordered the plate, and was really disappointed. Like so sad I couldn't really eat my meal. I would like to first say that I think it is more of a personal reason than Carlsbad Tavern's issue. I grew up with Mexican Food, not New Mexican food. So when you get a plate with meat, you get salsa, sour cream (very gringo, btw) and other sauces, for lack of a better word! With the Adovada, it was meat, beans, tortillas, and rice. No sauce nothing to make it more interesting.So I took most of my meal home and doctored it up the next day.Lesson learned, order the burrito if you want Carne Adovada. Although Next time I go back, I will for sure get the Chile rellenos. I am sure they will be as good as I remember!
4	#100...  Yes! I always have a great experience at the Carsbad.  Every time I've been there the food is terrific with a Southwestern flair and the service has been friendly and prompt.  It has become a favorite restaurant of my colleagues and I when we're in town.  I've had everything from the Fillet to the Carne Adovada and they never disappoint.  Aside from the cuisine, another great attribute of the restaurant is the fact that you can sit outside on the patio and it has plenty of shade and/or heaters depending on the time of the year.
3	I admit that was scared away from the habenero burger by the warnings on the menu. Fear of blindness of any length will keep me from ordering any item.  I did order a cheeseburger expecting similar love and taste to be put into this burger. Not true. Burger was dry and boring.  My wife ordered a turkey wrap with jalepeno bacon, which she loved. The building looks like a modern Scottsdale building outside but a cave inside. Pretty cool. Service was good.
4	My first experience with the "Bat Cave" was an evening rendezvous with a friend of mine to watch a basketball game on TV.  It was a late night game, and to be perfectly frank, I don't remember who won - actually I don't remember much of the night at all.  It turns out that they had late night specials for food service workers, and we made the most of it.  But I do remember that it was a fun night, and after looking at the menu, I wanted to try some of their food.One of the things that intrigued me was that most of the dishes had green chili's - either in the sauce or the actual dish.  Since I love chili's of all sorts, and had never really sampled authentic "New Mexican" food, I was looking forward to it.  I tried the green chili stew, the Carne Adovado and  loved them.  Since then I have tried almost all of their menu items, and haven't found one that disappoints me, although I keep coming back to the Carne Adovada.  The service has always been great - my beer never gets empty before another is brought - a really important consideration if you are eating the habanero sauce.  As has previously been described, the decor is a little different, and the bat theme a little over the top.  But it all comes together, and is a fun place especially later in the evening.  And the food is always good.
3	I went here last night with a party of 4.  It was about 7pm and the place was pretty dead.  A few years ago I sat outside which was good, but this time I sat inside which was interesting.  The decor is pretty weird with bat stuff everywhere.  Nothing like it around I can tell you that.  The patio is also very interesting as well with a nice water element.My first trip here was about 4-5 years ago and I tried to be hardcore and order their habanero cheeseburger.  I love love love spicy things but it was a bit over the top for me and I couldn't even finish it.  I was trying to be a bad ass in front of my then girlfriend (now wife) but I just couldn't choke it down.  It was very good but it was just way too spicy for my gringo mouth/stomach.So on this trip I decided to sample some of their other, more mellow fare.  I was really looking forward to this because I am a big fan of New Mexican cuisine, spicy food, green chili, etc.* Chips and Salsa - the chips are fresh and excellent.  The 2 salsas they give you I think were pretty fresh as well.  The mild one was ok but was a bit too chunky for me.  The green one had some heat to it but was just ok as well.  It had a weird taste like it had pickled chilis in it or something.* Green Chili Cheeseburger - good sized, juicy and smothered in green chili sauce.  I ordered it without the bun and have absolutely no idea how someone can eat it with one because it would be a giant mess.  Anyway, I wasn't a big fan.  I just didn't like the taste of the green chili sauce and would have much preferred just strips of fresh roasted green chilies on top of the burger.  My meal came with a side salad which was eh.* Green Chili Philly - My wife ordered this without the hoagie bun.  I had a taste and I did't think it was very good.  Had some heat to it, but it wasn't very flavorful.  And the flavor it did have was just eh.* Green Chili Mac n' Cheese - This was my favorite part of the meal.  It wasn't the best mac n' cheese I've ever had but it was pretty good.  It was a bit too soupy instead of think and creamy, but it was good.  Very interesting with the green chili in it.I wasn't a big fan of the service either.  Our waitress was cracked out.  She kept forgetting things and basically shoved a to-go box in my face before I was finished.  It was all pretty odd because she was friendly and was quick with my diet coke refills.  I think she must have been new to the joint.  I dunno.I really don't know if and when I'll be back.  There are plenty of other places that serve kinda sorta the same food and this place really didn't stand out in terms of food or service.
4	My girlfriend and i did a 24-hour stint in Scottsdale last weekend and were craving Mexican food.  I found Carlsbad Tavern and decided to give it a try.  Granted, like most eating experiences...i peeped out the menu before hand.  I already knew what I was going to get:  an ala carte order of Green Chile Macaroni and Cheese and an ala carte order of Veggies.  I love green chile (i think New Mexico when i see green chile) so i requested a side order of green chile to go with my order.  Green Chile Macaroni and Cheese:  This was yummy.  It's served in a bowl lined with a large flour tortilla.  I knew i shoudn't have touched the flour tortilla, but the cheese was soaked through within the tortilla and after I took a bite of the tortilla.....it was gone quickly thereafter.  Okay, back to the Macaroni and Cheese.  I didn't notice a considerable amount of green chile, but luckily i requested a side, and i would put that over my mac and cheese as i was eating it.  With me, you can't go wrong with Mac and Cheese.  It was creamy and good.  I forced myself to NOT finish it...but as i type this review, i wish i had the left over so i can eat it now.  Veggies:  The veggies was a meadly of onions, brocolli, carrots, zuchinni, mushrooms...i think that was it.  It was stir-fried or grilled, in some oil.  So although it may sound fairly healthy -- the oil was a FAIL.  it was good though.  It had to have been better than some of the other richly divine dishes.  I'm sure they have a better crowd during happy hour and brunch.  But for me and my girlie...it was a good welcome to AZ straight from the airport.
4	This is a very cool place that I had always heard of, but had never visited.  Great neighborhood hangout with good food, good service and good atmosphere - the prices were very reasonable as well!
3	I stopped in on a recommendation from a friend.  It wasn't bad...but I wasn't all that impressed myself.  The place is cool looking...loks like it could have a cool atmosphere.  Personally though...wasn't all that thrilled. The Good:  Cool looking place. The Meh:  Maybe it's just because I discovered I'm not a Green Chili fan...or maybe a fan of the way they do it.  I got the Blue Corn Enchiladas.  Just seemed like it was more spicy than flavorful.  The rice was good.  Black beans were tasty (and I'm not a bean fan).  The enchiladas though...didn't seem like they had anything done to them.  Meet wrapped in the tortilla (didn't even notice if the shrimp one had anything in it).  At least it was all slathered in chili and cheese...  I'd give it another shot though but I would try something else off a different section of the menu.  Plus...pricey.  Yeah..it was a decent amount of food...but $11 for a couple enchiladas seems excessive.  The Bad: I don't know...maybe I should've stood up and waved my hands around...but just seemed like I didn't really get much in the way of service.  Yes...I sat at the bar...but it seemed like others were getting attention (regulars perhaps?).  Took awhile before interest was shown to take my order...then awhile again after I was finished to get the bill.Overall:  Cool looking place, kinda pricey.  Service, meh.  Food items, not bad.  I'll rate again if/when go again and try something different.
5	Upon first hearing about this new mexican food place down the street from my apartment i was not expecting anything great whatsoever. boy was i surprised. This place is definately a keeper. Not only is the atmosphere amazing (fountains and candle light) but the blue corn enchiladas i had and continue to have are so delicious that i keeps me crawling back. I definately recommend anyone to try.
4	This appears to mainly a local/neighborhood place and especially popular late night according to a local bartender. We didn't know that until after dining earlier in the evening on Fish Tacos and Osso Bucco. I thought both were good although the chef could lighten up on the white pepper in the chile mashed potatoes. I capped the meal with some flan which was very good. The service and ambiance on the patio with waterfall/misters made for a nice experience.
4	I've been to Carlsbad 5 times now and had a good experience every time.  I wouldn't say the food is fabulous, but decent enough to keep me coming back.   We recently moved into the neighborhood and have found that it's a great Happy hour spot ... and we can walk there!  They don't have a huge vegetarian menu, but they make their food to order, so I found that I can pretty much modify anything on the menu to take out the meat.  The chips and salsa duo is a must have, and its only $2 during happy hour!
4	On vacation, found this place.  Great food, huge portions.   I'd return any time.
4	Unique atmosphere, average service, creative menu.  I've had the habenero hamburger & lobster enchiladas.  Love the fact that you get 3 salsas with your chips and a slew of hot sauces to add some heat to your meal.
4	Much better than the Tortilla Factory!  It's not traditional Mexican food, but it isn't bad, the chips were warm and the machaca was very good.   Phoenix really needs to take notice from Tucson and Albuquerque on how to do good, down-home Mexican food.
5	The place did not disappoint. The moment we stepped through the archway, my friends and I were bedazzled by the ambience throughout the area. It really DOES feel like a tavern, almost like something out of Pirates of the Caribbean (Well.. kind of)But yeah, the portions were overwhelming, and best of all? The food was spectacular. I sat outside, but honestly? I think the place is pretty both ways, so don't be too stingy on the location :)Jus go.
2	I was going to call this place a bad rip off of Richardson's and chastize it for being so, until the owner told me she used to work for him and "proudly stole" some of his concepts. Whatever, I don't care as long as your food is good. Ordered the Carne Adovada... bland, dry, and boring. Other diners at the table had similar sentiments about their food. Chips and salsa shared at the table was more what I'd expect to find in New York City. No spice, no flavor, and runny as all get out. I guess I should expect all of this lack of flavor and spice, as this place is obviously appealing to tourists who aren't used to our spices. This was further proved by the goofy bats all over, the fake caves, and the awful service which is so typical of a tourist trap.TOURIST TRAP. Avoid if you're a local. If you're from the Midwest or East Coast, you'll find it charming.
5	When I travel to Scottsdale, Arizona ... There's only one place I'll go for great food and that place is... Carlsbad Tavern. Everytime I've been there, and I'm not just saying this...but the atmosphere and people treat you with class. Thank you again for the great service Carlsbad Tavern !! Gil in Cleveland, Ohio
4	I'm originally from New Mexico, so when most places here in AZ say they have green chili on the menu, it's usually pretty weak. But man oh man Carlsbad Tavern has the real deal! I chose a green chili burritto stuffed with carne adovado and it was spicy in the best way. It was a huge portion so I was able to take half home for later:) My boyfriend tried the Food Network acclaimed Habenero Burger, and seemed to love every bite.The atmosphere is very relaxed and the decore makes you feel like you're really eating in a cave. We sat inside, but the outdoor patio was just as awesome with a running waterfall I'm sure helps cool you off in the summer heat. Great menu, great beer selection and nice service. Highly recommended if you're up for some spice or a drink in a cool location, definatly not your typical "Scottsdale" bar.
3	Didn't eat here.  Only had iced tea.  Sat at the bar with a fellow comic and talked for hours.  Service was super friendly.The end.
4	Read the reviews on Yelp and decided to give this bar a try one night in Scottsdale.  It was one of a few that were open late on a mid-week night and looked appealing.  The restaurant/bar looks like it can be hopping on busy nights, but on this particular night (Wed), it was slow.I saddled up to the bar and asked for a menu.  I asked the bartender if they had any IPA's and he suggested the Odell brewing company IPA.  I went for it and asked him what he would recommend I try.  Since  it was considered 'late night', there was a special menu and he suggested the Pork Loin Sliders (3 Sliders with Pepper Jack, Poblano Serrano Mayonnaise, and Tortilla Encrusted Onion Rings).  It sounded awesome, so I went with it.The IPA was really tasty and hit the spot.  After a few minutes, the Pork Loin Sliders came out.  I spread the Poblano Serrano Mayo on them and then for fun added some Fries on the Sliders.  I took a small bite out of the first Slider and it was awesome!  The Pork Loin was moist & juicy and the Poblano Serrano Mayo was the perfect compliment....adding a nice bite to the flavor.  I devoured the Sliders within a few minutes and then sat back and enjoyed the rest of my IPA.I really enjoyed this place and would like to return on my next trip to Scottsdale.
4	There should be a separate category for New Mexican food. The dishes might sound similar, but the flavors are different. They are proud of how hot they can be, but there is a brightness to the spiciness that is much more than just heat. Great flavorful food, served in HUGE portions. Seriously consider splitting full course dinners down the line so you can do appetizer, soup, salad, entree, sides and dessert, because it's all good!Nice funky charming ambiance.
4	This place is a true gem.  You owe it to yourself to give this place a try.The Carlsbad Pasta is one of my favorite dishes in the entire city, and the Green Chile Burrito with their carne adovada is incredible.They lose a star because you have to buy their chips and salsa.  That's the only knock I have on this place...it has become one of my favorite spots in the Valley!
2	My friend Emily and I were so excited to try this place we always drive by.  Our excitement was squashed by the rude bartender and the socially awkward couple we were sitting next to.  It's really too bad cause I thought the food was really good.  Next time I am looking for a dark bar with a bunch of people in a bad mood, I'll hit up this place.
5	I used to live in Scottsdale and this is the one place I really miss.  The ambience is nifty and the food is delicious.  I always ordered the green chili burrito and couldn't even begin to finish it, but it made for a tasty meal the next day.  The drinks are also really good.  This is a definite jewel in this town--don't miss out!
5	Absolutely awesome New Mexican food. If you like spice, they have it. If you want something beyond the traditional enchilada or burrito, they got it. This place has one of the most unique and romantic patios in the valley, with a waterfall and faux cave. If you are looking for an affordable date place or just a unique dinner out, this is it.
5	I have been to this place at least a half a dozen times & I absolutely love it! It doesn't look like much from the outside, but as soon as you walk in you are pleasantly surprised with their outside patio and water features! They have an excellent happy hour as well. I was brave and tried the Habanero cheeseburger one night & it was fierce! It was delicious going down, but I regretted it the next day! Haha... I also love the Cavern Chicken Salad & the Lobster Enchiladas! Yum yum!
4	Great place for some New Mexican style food!! I had the Habanero cheeseburger and it was INSANELY HOT and delicious!!!!! It's one thing to just be hot...but this had awesome flavor!!! I highly recommend this burger...if you can handle it!!
2	So the last couple times I've been to Carlsbad I've been disappointed.  This place has really lost its luster.  The salsa now tastes like it comes straight from a can and there was such a huge layer of grease on my food that I couldn't figure out where my enchiladas stopped and the beans started.  Last night I went there with my mom and Grandma and the waitress was a huge snob, we didn't even want to tip her (of course we did).  It was so dark in the dining room that my grandma couldn't see the menu so she asked if they had a shredded beef burro. The waitress, in a condescending voice says, "Yes, of course we do, what you want is a green chili burro".   Gma then asked if that was spicy and she said, "Not really".  It came out so spicy that she couldn't even eat it.  The waitress did not offer to make her something else or take if off the bill, she was sooooo rude the entire meal, I won't even write about all the instances.  Her name was Michelle, so if you go there and she's your server you may as well get up and leave.   I really want to like Carlsbad, its within walking distance from my house and has a good concept... I just don't know if I can go back after my experience last night.
4	I went to the Carlsbad tavern during a business trip and was not disappointed.  I want to go back for more.Atmosphere / Service:   I sat at the bar.  The bartender was very attentive and friendly.  I placed an order for their chips w/ two salsas.  Something happened and my order never came out.  The bartender apologized and comp'd me for the mistake.  Atmosphere was comfortable and funFood:  I ordered the enchantment platter.  It came with a adovada burrito, a chicken enchillada, and the chile relleno.  It was fantastic.  the adovada burrito was the best part. will get those again next time.
5	Stopped in for a bite to eat and loved it. The Carne Advoada is very tasty and worth it. The Green Chili Philly was very messy and worth rewashing my shirt...excellent joint! Stop on in, You'll love it.
3	The food was good, but not great.  Too much emphasis on heat rather than flavor.  The service was solid, except we shouldn't have had to ask for re-fills.Won't be back not because it's bad, but because there's too much great out there to waste time with good.
4	You have to sit outside to get the best experience from this place. It quirky and cute while you sit on either side of the moat running through the exterior. I really liked their chips and salsas. The season their chips and I'm a spicy girl that LOVES mexican food so I was a big fan on this original take on the fried tortilla. Try the Lobster Croissant sandwich concoction and you will not be disappointed!
4	Great meal, good service but a bit too dark.
4	I really need to get to Carlsbad more often. Their Mexican dishes are top notch and they are not afraid of spice. Pecan grilled items steaks,ribs, fish are also always good. Great patio, dining room is cool too.
5	According to my cousins in Tempe this place is a hidden gem.  They took me here even after having eaten there the night before, just because they liked it so much.  I had the NY Carne Asada plate and it was delicious.  The meat was of pretty good grade for Carne Asada, with a very flavorful Chile-rub topped with mushroom cholula sauce on black beans and roasted corn avocado salsa.  I also had a taste of the Blue Corn Enchiladas which were also pretty tasty.Having a sample of a few duifferent dishes we all decided that you probably can't go wrong with whatever you order.I highly recommend this as place to come hang out, eat on the patio and have a great meal, some margaritas and maybe a few beers,
5	New Mexican cuisine ...awesome food....and our waiter was right on the ball...sat outside on patio which at night is terrific...lighting ....fire places .......heaters to keep you warm...causual and relaxing.....prices on menu very affordable for all that you get....as Meg says this place is "bomb.com"
5	Love this place and have for several years.  No the habanero burger is not as hot as it was before the fraud network.... ooops I mean food network came around.... if you have only one day at this beautiful culinary excursion..... with 4 people start with 1 habanero burger as an app cut into 4 for a group,  1 cup of posole as a mid entree sampler, then the Carlsbad is your oyster... for virgins get the enchantment platter.... the specials are always good too... I wont go on and on about every thing I eat there... 10 year non local veteran.  Nice people, great service, great food, strong drinks.... I have actually eaten lunch and dinner there without leaving.Carlsbad, I love you.
4	Came here last week in the afternoon with 11 people and sat outside. The lobster croissant is definitely something you should try, gets a little messy but definitely worth it. Didnt have a bloody mary but from what I heard from my friends that they can make it really spicy
2	Was in the neighborhood and Yelp'd "Nearby" on my phone, so we ended up here.  Like several other reviewers, we are baffled by the many five star reviews of this place.When we walked in, the first thing that struck us was the extremely unfriendly greeting.  The restaurant was nearly deserted at 8:30 and we didn't feel very welcome.The second thing that struck us was, despite its claims to be a "New Mexican" restaurant, it's really more of a generic type menu.  Speaking of the menus, they are printed on newsprint and were filthy.  The restaurant in general was not very clean.All in all, mediocre and over-priced.   We tried the Habenero burger and the machaca chimichanga.  Both just average and comparable to your typical chain restaurant.  The black beans were inedible and the rice was microwaved and obviously quite old.  We asked for some chips while we were waiting and we were told that they were $3.00.  Uhm, ok.  Surprisingly, they turned out to be the best part of the meal.Our server was pleasant enough but the overall vibe was unfriendly despite the fact that there were only 3 or 4 tables in the immense dark cavern that is this restaurant.I guess the next time we're in the mood for actual New Mexican food, we'll have to drive over to Rokerij and hit up the Robertson's menu there.  Vastly superior to this joint in every way.$40 with tip and one beer. I can't imagine ever returning here.
4	Had a late lunch here (02/18/11) with a friend and the food was yummy!  Our server was a little inattentive which was a little bothersome because they weren't busy, but the host more than made up for her attitude with his charm!  They have a good selection of beers (I had the kiltlifter) and we shared some chips, salsa, and guacamole which was all fresh and tasty.My friend had the green chile open face burger and I had the green chile philly sandwich.  My sandwich was loaded with meat and it was delicious with just the right amount of heat and melted cheese. All in all a cute place with good basic food and a good beer selection!
4	Very interesting and authentic NM food.  Lots of different places to be seated.  The Habanero burger was great and as hot and spicy as promised!  I also tried the burrito - it was good but the green chile seemed more like Bueno's (hence the 4 stars).  Will definitely be there again!
5	Wow!  140 reviews can't be wrong!Lisa H and I were on the hunt for some quality Mexican food the other night after a Rockies spring training game and my Yelp search yielded Carlsbad Tavern.  I believe "off the beaten path" is what caught us.I was immediately happy with the packed parking lot; anytime a restaurant's parking lot is full is a good sign.  As we walked in to Carlsbad, we were impressed with the beautiful outdoor patio and pool/fountain area that surrounds it.  Although we didn't sit inside, the bar area and indoor dining area looked awesome.  And of course, the patio was amazing:  great ambiance with the small pools and fountains, tiny Christmas-like white lights that were just right, and plenty of seating for diners to enjoy the gorgeous Arizona evening.After ordering a margarita, I decided to splurge a little and ordered the lobster enchiladas.  Holy hot dog, this dish was fantastic.  Maybe I'm easy to impress, but my gawd, deeelicious.  There was something about the sauce that just worked and brought something unique to my taste buds.  And of course, playing with the main ingredient was brilliant.  YUM-O!Carlsbad Tavern was a great find!  Aside from the fantastic eats, I can't forget to mention the awesome and friendly servers.  Everyone was spot on and timely.  Next time I'm back in town, I'll certainly be stopping by for another amazing meal.
4	I basically live across the street from Carlsbad, and have always had a weird vibe from it.  Why?  good question.  I was basically judging a book by it's cover, which is so stupid because this place is AWESOME!  First of all, you have to sit outside.  Their outdoor area is fantastic and doesn't make you feel like Hayden Rd. is on the other side of the rock wall.  I really wanted some Mexican-style food, which is why my boyfriend and I went to Carlsbad in the first place.  We saw the habenero burger and quickly changed our minds to challenge the heat of the burger.  We also got a side of the green chile mac, which complemented the spiciness quite well.  The burger has a warning saying "you buy it, you own it," and although I thought the burger was excellent, I didn't think it was all that hot or scary.  Don't get me wrong, it was definitely hot, but nothing the average heat-lover couldn't handle.  I love it when you find a place that has so many things you want to try, and Carlsbad is one of them.  I am looking forward to going back and getting something new, oh and having another one of their house margs which are also great!
4	Carlsbad Tavern is a little...different. The food was great, don't get me wrong. The typical "Mexican" portion of their menu was small, but the food off of it was delicious and plentiful. We sat inside instead of out on the patio because it was a cooler night, and I think that that took away from the experience. The outside patio looked awesome. The inside is, again, a little...different. Very much tavern-like, with bat replicas everywhere, and not very Mexican/New Mexican like. A Hoj Poj of a restaurant, if you will.
4	great place to eat after a spring training game..the outdoor patio was perfect.  the weather was warm, there is a waterfall and the candles and strung-up lights come on when the sun goes down.  great atmosphere.the food was good!  recommend anything with the green chile sauce.  the only thing that we didn't like was the waiter.  not friendly at all.
3	Ok...I am upping to 3 stars here for a few reasons. First, here I am thinking...um, 3 year old in tow...umm, guess that means FnB, Bourbon Steak, Petite Maison, etc...are all out. Great, did I have to say I was an expert at finding places to eat. Hmmm...aha! Carlsbad Tavern. Why? Water and lights, all in one, mesmerizing. Even to me. Plus, You and or said child can be relatively loud outside without bothering anyone. Aside from fears of people going into the water, it works well. Add to that, the service was good, even courteous, despite a dish mix-up that almost led to crying...by an adult. I still think the menu is a bit too large and varied, and the New Mexican items can get lost, but it is decent place to please all ages on an outdoor patio.
3	I've been here once or twice when I was younger, so obviously I can't remember what the food tasted like or my overall experience. Today I went for lunch with my husband and daughter and was pretty let down. The ambiance was fun, we sat outside next to the waterfall (it was hot, but I love the sound of water).Our server was very nice and energetic but super slow. I don't know what his name was and it took forever to put our order in! Was it busy? No. It got pretty annoying because my 18 month old is FAR FROM patient. Oh well, she got back at slow service with the beautiful mess she left under her chair :)None of their salads sounded good, but I'm picky with dressings. I'm sure they're great. I could have eaten burgers and fries but I'm really trying to eat healthy! SOOO I got a cup of soup and it was overpriced and wasn't "stop the presses" fantastic. My bad.My husband got the "Green Chili Philly" and that was friggin' GREAT! I should have ignored my diet for one meal. My daughter had chicken fingers and fries and those were also great! (Yes, I nibbled on a few).Lesson learned? Do NOT go here for soup :)All in all, it was OK.
5	LOVE THIS PLACE! I have been going here for years, and absolutely adore this restaurant.  The place is dimly lit (even during the day) and boasts a huge patio. The bar has a bunch of kitschy crap all over the wall that is fun to look at. Without going into a huge story about all the times I've been here, I'll just list all the food I love: Portales Portobello, Sweet Mash, Boneless Chicken Wings (late night menu only), Cheese Crisp, seasoned fries, Spinach Salad, Spicy Crab Cakes, Green Chile Burger, Habenero Burger (it is good, freakin spicy, and comes with a glass of milk), Tortilla Soup, Green Chile Stew, Chile Rellenos, Carne Adovada Plate, Green Chile Mac and Cheese (late night menu), Key Lime Pie, and Basket of Sopas. I bet I am forgetting some things, but basically, all I am trying to say is that this place is the bomb diggity. OH! They also have a really great Sunday brunch with cheap breakfast, bloodies and mimosas.
5	OK...I agree with Jessica M!! This place is AWESOME!!I have been here multiple times with different parties and it has always been a hit! Lunch- Green Chili Stew and Lobster crescent  sandwich.Dinner- YOU GOTTA TRY "Osso Bucco" it is a Pork Shank, (Not Lamb) on top of  a mound Jalapeno mashed potatoes. Guest we were with  had the 'Rack of Lamb' which they raved about! They're served separated, pick them up by the bone and eat like a plate of appetizers. Last time we were there, the 'Surf and Turf' was Rib eye and Marlin- WOW, I have never had Marlin before; this was prepared seared with a light crust- unbelievable! OH ya.. the serve a great 'after hours' menu from 10pm until 1am!!! If you are in Scottsdale, you have to stop by!
4	Not sure why, but Carlsbad seems to have fallen out of my rotation. Turns out I should put it back in. Stopped in for an early dinner on Sunday with a couple of friends. Service was good and the food was good. We split green chili covered nachoes to start. Very good and a bit spicy. I had the carne adovada. It was less spicy than the nachos, but still good. The black beans were off the hook good. Spicy! Rice topped with cheese was good as well.All in all, good joint. Well worth a stop. CT, you are back in the rotation.
4	I've been here twice. Both experiences were nice as I was able to sit inside by the bar once and outside at twilight my second visit. The service was prompt and food was tasty. I lot of people think Mexican right away but this is more of a New Mexico built menu, hence the recipes use a lot of green chili. Drinks are always nice if you choose to partake. I recommend any of their margaritas--always yummy! I would not recommend Carlsbad to to large parties as their space wouldn't accompany such a group.
4	We're tourists & this was a great find. The service was excellent, the atmosphere fun, and Mexican food the way we like it--lots of choices & the right amount of spice. We'll be back.
4	I had never heard of "New Mexican" food but now am a fan! I have been there several times and have yet to be disappointed.Just about everything I have ordered was amazingly good - your best bet is to order something you normally would not, you can't go wrong. (I have tried the following: filet tacos, chicken quesadilla, tortilla soup and the ruben's chicken fried chicken).The best and favorite thing I have had was their basket of sopa's - I could eat an order all to myself! If weather permits, I would definitely ask for a table outside or take a seat in the bar (booth preferably). The other side of the restaurant was a little dark for me.
2	I was in Scottsdale for work and was craving something from the southwest. Carlsbad had great Yelp reviews. I was surprised as about everything in my experience was the opposite of what I'd read on yelp. The service was actually good. The bartender, I think his name was Louie, was very friendly. The food was mediocre at best; it kind of reminded me of airport Mexican food. The green chile isn't the same time of green chile I'm used to in Denver. This green chile was more like a salsa, not the stew/roux I've become familiar with in the southwest. My experience was fine, but not close to good enough to bother with Carlsbad again.
4	I work in the industry so sometimes by the time i'm off of work, it's a bit after 1 AM and i'm starving. I enjoy this place a lot and they have a great late night menu.i love their fillet salad but i'm starting to venture out more. don't forget to ask for the industry discount if you work in the industry!
3	I have to admit that I had high hopes for this place. The restaurant itself is really dark inside, really dark. So we opted to eat out on the patio, which was a huge step forward in the atmosphere factor. Gorgeous water feature, great patio lighting, and nice candle lit tables. We started off with their chips and duo of salsas, which i have to admit, was very disappointing seeing that they were $2.99, where as I have had much better at places that offered them for free. Both the tomato and tomatillo salsas were just "ehh."  After that I ordered the lobster enchiladas and my wife ordered the NY carne asada, only to be later informed that they were out of the lobster enchiladas. A HUGE pet peeve of mine, especially having worked as a chef for 10 years, is when a kitchen is out of something, and the front of house isn't made aware of it at the beginning of service. I digress, so I then opted for the enchilada trio of crab and filet enchiladas and the green chile mac to share. The filet enchilada and the asparagus it was served with was delicious, but twice in the crab enchiladas I bit into crab shell shards. Now I understand that crab more than likely is ordered pre-picked and cooked, not a problem. But any respectable cook should know to pick through it once over before using it to avoid situations like this. The sauces used were excellent, especially the cascabel chile sauce. The NY carne asada that my wife ordered was amazing! Beautiful crusty char on the outside, nice medium rare in the middle, simply amazing. For me,  however, the star of the night was the green chile mac. Now looks can certainly be deceiving because when it came out it looked like Kraft deluxe mac and cheese. Boy was I wrong. Creamy, not to rich, great flavor with the roasted chiles and corn tossed in, serious mac and cheese for the mac and cheese lover. I reiterate, the STAR OF THE NIGHT! Would I give Carlsbad another shot? Yeah, I like to give restaurants 2 tries before ruling them out, and they did nothing to make me cut them off completely. For the most part, food was good and the service was standard.
4	Yay a new place to add to my list of good grub and a menu that makes me want to come back several times to try out more.My girlfriend and I went for dinner last night and had a great meal.  She got the chile rellano plate and I got a filet salad.  Yes I know I just said salad but it had filet mignon on it and jalapeno bacon.  I mean come on it's not healthy especially with the chipotle ranch dressing on it.  It was just what I needed.  I had a bite of the chile rellano and I thought they were good as well.  Like I said there were many other things on the menu that I for sure want to try so I will be back and hopefully soon.
3	I took a group of out-of-towners (from London, specifically) here as I thought it would be the perfect blend of Southwest style without the cheese and all of the kitsch. And I have to admit, it was less pastel-pink-stucco-and-bleached-cow-skulls and more twisted-Old-West-mining-camp. You'd be more likely to spot a chupacabra lurking in the shadows here than a mint green gecko stenciled on the wall. So score on that one Carlsbad.I was mildly disappointed in the patio area - but my expectations were probably too high to begin with. Like when everyone and their mom raves about how amazing Avatar was, then you finally see it and go, yeah, I mean it was cool or whatever. The food was pretty good, and the blend of familiar (burgers) with New Mexican/Mexican variety. Makes it hard to find a diner who couldn't find something to eat here. After dinner, some of the party headed home and a small group of us moved to the bar area to have a couple more drinks and chat it up in a more lively atmosphere. Also a score for that change up in vibe.The one major complaint I have to share is that the server ran one card for the entire bill (we had two cards and the rest cash, with it clearly marked which card should be run for which amount) accidentally, before charging the card correctly. That wouldn't have been so bad, but he didn't bother to mention it, so my poor friend had quite the surprise when she checked her bank account to see that it was about $290 less than it should have been. I think it took about 3 business days to get that money back, and that's a long time to wait for almost $300 of your own money to get back to you. I'm sure it's a fluke and I doubt it's a common occurrence here, but sure was a bummer and not exactly handled professionally.If I come back, it would probably only be for day drinking and snacks or happy hour, or if I had more out of towners to entertain. I wasn't impressed enough to make my way out there for a regular dinner.
5	What can I say about CT that hasn't already been said.  We've been coming here for 10 years (and have even been to their former Scottsdale Rd location) and they put a great spin on New Mexico cuisine.  Their carne adovada is my favorite in town and their outside patio is great in the season.  Have been to all the New Mexico places (Los Dos, Richardsons, Secreto, Arriba) and this is definitely our favorite (although Secreto in Ahwatukee is good too).
3	Guacamole was delicious!!!!' we went for happy hour and had chicken quesadillas, filet tacos, and Carlsbad brochettes! They were all delicious only down fall I found a hair  :/ kind of gross
2	The entrance with the awesome waterfall and great looking patio had me excited for something special! It was busy and bustling so I expected a possible stellar dining experience, I mean with a full house on a Thursday evening, it's gotta be good.It happened to be 114 outside which might explain why all three of my beers were cool... not cold. I had the snapper tacos. Fish in Arizona is always sort of a gamble, but I have had better tacos made from fish sticks. The spice was interesting but not compelling. I didn't get to choose my tortilla preference, that's okay... but the overall dish was strangely out of place and lacking any sort of excitement or originality.Service was good, friendly and attentive. So this in no way is a negative for the staff... unless you are the head chef.
5	Amazing food, excellent service and a beautiful atmosphere. After terrible dining on father's day weekend in Sedona, it was a great change of pace to go somewhere that actually had great food! I have to say that the gal that refills your water and clears your plate is by far the best employee! She even boxed up our leftovers! We will definitely return!!
3	A great late night spot when you're looking to stay out of Old Town, but not a place that I would make it a point to dine at otherwise.  For several years, "The Bat Cave" has been our late night stops after concerts, shows, etc. as they have a slightly abbreviated menu, but still offer many of their New Mexican dishes and drinks at a reasonable price.  The crab cakes are a great appetizer and are served on a bed of fresh greens with a very spicy habanero aioli.  My favorite entree is the green chile carne adovada burrito, of which I've also had a vegetarian version.  The carne adovada plate is good too since the meat is typically quite spicy, however, on occasion it can have some dry, leathery chunks of meat that seem like they've been severely overcooked.  In fact, there were a few times that I probably looked like a member of the Griswold family as they were trying to gnaw on the overcooked turkey at Christmas dinner (come on, everyone knows that scene!).  The enchiladas (one chicken, one shrimp) are so-so as there really isn't much spice involved and they tend to be oily and heaped with cheese.The food always comes out quickly, but the service in general is slow as we normally have to flag down a server passing by to get another round of drinks and the bartenders seem to be moving in slow motion when making a drink or opening a bottle of beer.  The atmosphere is unique (I said unique, not upscale or even overly clean) and the outdoor patio offers a nice waterfall for scenery.  They do at least make an attempt to segregate smokers onto one side of the divided patio so there is some chance that people can enjoy the patio without shortening their lifespan, but wind direction plays a critical role here.  If you set your expectations correctly, this place has some redeeming qualities and is worth stopping in to at least try it out.
4	I really like this place.  1. Its really big and the outside seating is badass... a little canal with a bridge you need to walk across, outdoor bar, quite isolated from busy Hayden Road... feels like you are on a neighbors back porch. 2. The menus look like newspapers.  Enough said. 3.  The food is pretty good.  Spicy enough.  Had the Enchantment Platter and it was awesome! Totally recommend it ... get to sample some of the best stuff on the menu all in one entree.  Margaritas are pretty good there too. 4. Service is good.  Everyone I've ever encountered is really friendly and efficient.  5.  The place as a physical structure is rad.  It feel like you are entering an Indiana Jones ride at Disneyland. A rough and tumble stone facade archway leads you up a ramp to the entrance.  Fake bats dangle from it.  A little waterfall, bridge... but no snake pit :)
4	i really want to give it 5 stars but my carne adovada sometimes is kinda fatty. i love this dish but hate sometimes picking through fat. they do have the best chipotle ranch ever!!!
4	Went here for lunch today and enjoyed the lobster enchiladas; post the epic sand storm.  The food overall was flavorful and chips were served with the right sauces.  The tequila shrimp on beans appetizer was a great starter to be shared.  Great for business lunches.
4	Don't get me wrong, we love this place for sure.  The Mac and Cheese is great and the Southwest dumpling things are A-mazing.  My husband is a fan of one of their pork dishes - we get the same thing every time.  The service is spotty for sure.  I suggest going and sitting at the bar whenever possible and DO NOT go with a large party and expect to get taken care of properly.  I was embarrassed a couple times when we have taken friends and out of town guests there after I raved up and down about it.  We just go by ourselves now but hey - at least the food makes up for the service :)
4	I love this place.... needs a little upgrade outside  but fun everywhere else.... I swear every time I come here i try something different to eat and drink.... but I always forget to check in.... I enjoy the Fillet tacos.. I get them with no cheese... they put alot....Mini Burgers are always spot on. . Chips and salsa don't have alot of flavor.. Prickly pear Margarita is the fall back when beer is outta the question. Tortilla soup is a no-go late night snack... It's never as good as in the day. Awesome happy hour and OPEN TILL 2AM... WITH FOOD. Really cool servers and bartenders. Come here if you need a BIG bat cave to hide in for a cool down.
3	Been around the corner from this place for a couple years, guess it's about time my batwings brought me in...A good mix of happy hours specials from appetizers to salads. From spicy potstickers to salads, they've got a lot of variety. The drink special I got down with was the Tres Agave Margarita. (I know, quelle horreuer on the missing Malibu, but sometimes you've gotta try the specialties). The drink I asked for was on the rocks, lotsa salt. And boy, did they make it like I ordered it. It was good, not as good as a certain favorite margarita place of mine, but I'd give it a 4 star on a 5-star scale. Service was friendly and spot on. No empty glasses or dying for a drink around here. Guess the bat cave bartenders have some good drink radar going on. The food was average. Nothing spectacular. But it didn't repulse me or remind me of stuff I used to make in home ec class. So that's a plus. They did have Malibu behind the bar so when I return, I'll go back to my usual. Don't know if they use a pineapple gun or the cans. That may sway me into sticking with the margaritas :P
4	Carlsbad Tavern is the Scottsdale version of Casa Bonita. I know, I know, there are no cliff divers, and there are no video games, but they both serve Mexican food, they both have a giant waterfall, and the whole place is like a cave so three out of five ain't bad. The staff here are all incredibly friendly. It looked like they actually enjoyed working there. And you can tell this place is family owned. It has a certain fun factor that corporate lawyers would most likely have advised against (examples being...the giant waterfall, outdoor canal, and large objects hanging tenuously from the ceiling). The food was pretty good. My dining companions complained of too much cheese, but this is "New Mexico" style Mexican food. What better way to "Americanize" something than to put giant portions of cheese all over it. Am I the only one who occasionally has a craving for a giant burrito covered in savory green chili sauce and melted monterrey jack?  As soon as I hear those magic words "be careful,the plate is REALLY hot!" I turn into a human version of Pavlov's dog. The margaritas were very good, and their tomatillo salsa was top notch.
4	Solid 4 star rating, very consistent which is a trait high on my radar.This "is" New Mexican cuisine, which translates to hatch pepper green sauce and sopapillas. After that the sky is the limit with variations and combinations of cooking styles. And vary it does!At Carlsbad there are 3 distinct dining areas, The Bar, The Cave, The Grotto. Each area presents a completely different atmosphere and draws corresponding cliental. Casual fine dining in "The Cave". Trendy down in "The Grotto". You will find the regulars in "The Bar".I prefer eating "fine dining food" at the bar, because that's how I roll. The bar tenders are witty and quick with a joke and light up your smoke if you know what I mean? The drink strengths vary by the bartenders. Its very dark and low key and you will drive right by the entrance if you are not careful. Carlsbad is also one of the few places in town that serve late night food. You have to try this place out for yourself, nothing else like it in the valley. My kind of place!
5	Great all around from the service to the Filet Mignon Tacos to the Prickly Pear Margarita Incredibly reasonable Happy Hour!! Will definitely be back!
4	Good carne adovada which is one of my favorites. Habenero Cheeseburger (comes with a glass of milk) will light your @@@ on fire too. Cool unique ambiance, nice menu, good staff, service has always been very good. Hint: nice late night Happy Hour for you restaurant peeps kitchen open late til like 1AM or so! One thing that I dont like is that they dont allow dogs on their huge (often empty) patio. My dog even has service dog tags and the owner wouldnt let him in so we dont go on Sundays anymore with the folks. I dont mark em down for this, but some people ONLY go where they can bring their dog and they could do it here and it would be awesome. We just go somewhere else now instead. Read this and start letting dogs there and we will throw a huge Yappy Hour on the patio and pack the place dude!
4	Good variety of delicious food. I've had everything from enchiladas to filet and its all excellent.
4	I seriously love me some Carlsbad!  I love that happy hour and those delicious margaritas and those yummy potstickers... I think my stomach just growled!  The potstickers are chicken and sauteed in a soy-like sauce and served with a sweet creamy corn sauce on the side of the plate... It's fantastically salty, sweet and savory.  They also do a pretty tasty sopapilla. The inside is a bit dark, but its a cave right?  And they have a killer patio with water falls when its not blazing hot outside.  Note: I hear their lobster enchiladas are killer (though i don't eat seafood) and the Habanero burger got Food Network magazine's best burger in AZ!
2	More of a Tex-Mex than authentic Mexican food.  Had the chicken & shrimp enchiladas.  Rice was very dry.  Green chile sauce overpowered taste of chicken and shrimp.  Husband had the pork burrito with red sauce.  Had good flavor but was spicy.  Also ordered the green chile mashed potatoes because they sounded interesting.  Very bland.  Needed salt and pepper.  Sopa tasted like toasted bread.  Great service but overall food disappointing.
4	One of my favorite restaurants!  Love the Enchantment Platter. The Habenero burger is the hotest hamburger I have ever eaten.  Its awesome but beware!!!!
5	Stopped in for lunch one afternoon and had a tortilla crusted chicken and spinach salad. HANDS DOWN the best salad I have ever had, I did nothing short of lick the bowl. WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN ALL MY LIFE!!!I'll be back, again and again.
5	I'm from New Mexico and was raised on Hatch green chile.  Since moving to AZ I had given up on finding Mexican food that suited my taste buds.  This place completely satisfied my picky cravings.  The salsa was fantastic although next time I will ask for a hotter one.  They have a gorgeous patio and open till 2:00 am!  I will be back.
4	This is probably my favorite 'New Mexico' style restaurant in AZ. I typically have the carne adovado plate and it's big, slightly spicy and very good. My husband had the very, very spicy habanero burger. It's painfully spicy yet delicious. We will go back and get it again!
5	Love it! The food is good with a great deal of variety and the restaurant is very unique. They easily take larger groups of 8 and have plenty of seating. If you like spicy food, this is the place!
2	This place is close to my house, has a cool venue and was rated pretty well on Yelp.  I REALLY wanted to like this place, I went multiple times to give it extra chances and left each time feeling like a sucker.Bottom line is the food is bad to mediocre (There enchiladas are so nasty I couldn't finish them), the service is below average and the prices are not
4	WOW!  It was awesome. Peppers suffer with dungeness crab.
4	-Cool atmosphere-Great Happy Hr deals (spent about $18 for 3 tall margaritas and chicken nachos two of us could not finish).Didn't have dinner but looked at the menu and they've got green chilies everywhere so I'll be back to try them.
4	Go!
1	It breaks my heart to have to write this review of a restaurant that used to be one of my favorite places to eat in Scottsdale. Today we were having a Sunday brunch for my bestie who lives in Texas. I had fond memories of the food, and especially the sopapillas. We arrived at noon, it wasn't terribly busy, so we sat outside on the patio. First off, we ordered margaritas and several others decided on the bloody mary bar. The margaritas were gross, salty and sour w/ limes that were long past their prime. The bloody mary drinkers were made to wait...and wait...and wait for their glasses to walk inside to make their drinks. We ordered our entrees at about 12:30-12:45 and didn't get them until after 1:30. When I received my carne adovada burrito, it had been nuked beyond recognition, the rice was shriveled and was burnt onto the plate, as were the black beans. My first bite of the burrito was a hunk of fat...that pretty much ended it for me, also, the sopapilla I ordered for the dish came out 20 minutes later after I reminded him. The sopapilla was not at all like I remembered, and was more of a flattened piece of naan than anything else.  The rest of my party had varying issues with their meals. To add insult to injury, my lunch cost $55 for one gross burrito, 2 drinks and a piece of bread pudding due to whatever gratuity they added. The waiter was surly...when he was present at all, which was rare. No water refill, completely unapologetic for the various issues with our experience, and never took away the offensive margaritas he served in the beginning. Needless to say, we will not be returning. What the hell happened to this place??! ugh! BUMMER!!!
4	Hooooray! Carlsbad now has a house wine available all the time for $5 and it is good. We had not been back in a year because the wine was so expensive. Had the Carne Adovado and the braised Chicken and it was crispy with an adobo/chipotle rub, both were excellent. Tracey was our waitress and fantastic. We will be back soon!
5	Last night was the first time i went to Carlsbad Tavern. I loved the atmosphere here. the food was absolutely amazing! the wait staff did an excellent job keeping every ones drinks filled promptly. their GM and Head Bartender are awesome people!
3	Eh I have experienced better, but I felt the 2 star mark was a bit harsh. I wasn't really disappointed in anything in our experience, I think my issue mostly was the fire burning in my chest for an hour after dinner. Their food is spicy!We were seated in the bar area, perfect because the Sunday night football game was on and we had a perfect seat to watch. We started off with a couple of bears and their crap cake appetizer. I enjoyed the crap, boyfriend thought it was bland, but he is from Michigan and has very high standards for crab, so we will ignore him. It came with a nice tossed salad and an extremely hot dipping sauce. If you like that sort of thing, awesome, if not you should stay away from the sauce. For dinner he got the roasted chicken with mac 'n' cheese, chicken was tasty and the mac 'n' cheese was to die for! I got the stacked enchiladas, subed green sauce for the red though, again their shit is spicy! The flavors of the meat were fantastic, however there is a lot going on with this place. I could only eat maybe a quarter of it. I would recomend both. They also have this burger on the menu that is pretty much 100% made out of hobenerros; mixed into the patty, on top of the patty and in a sauce on the burger. They even have a disclaimer on the menu stating "You order it, you own is." So not take backs. I witnessed a friend try to eat this once, it was so hot he just got made about it. Spitefully ate the whole thing those, I am pretty sure it gave him an ulcer or two. Over all good place, but I wouldn't venture back unless it was very convenient to my location and I was in the mood for some heart burn and breathing fire.
1	I was excited to check this place out. Having lived in AZ off and on for 8 years, the time had come. I had reserved in advance and our table was out on the patio, as the reservationist had recommended as the temp dropped to the 80's. For our table there was one umbrella and the sun, if directly on you was hot! We had to gather umbrellas and position them ourselves..it was quite a comotion. Our server even saw this and didnt even offer to assist!The server, didnt seem to care about the service, after all the 18% was already included.  It took forever to get our drink orders and even longer if we wanted to partake in the bloody Mary Bar.. because he had to bring us glasses.The Bloody Mary Bar, was on a teeny tiny filthy table next to the bar...the garnishes were extinct, the table was dripping various ingredients. It looked like the remnants of a rager the night before. One of my friends asked for an olive, since none were provided and the bartender (who wasn't busy) rolled her eyes and scoffed! WTF?I have to say the food was good.. at least the lobster croissant was but it wasn't worth coming back with all things considered,
3	Carlsbad Tavern is hit or miss for me. Their food is pretty good, and they have some unique options. Their New Mexican potstickers were good, except they were obviously microwaved. their filet tacos are good, except they have come out cold on occasion. Usually their black beans are delicious, however the last time we went they were ice cold, and had no seasoning, as if they had just come out of the can. The macacha beef chimi is really good, although it often has more onions than beef in it. The food here is spicy, so if you get indigestion easily I would pop a zantec before you eat! The service is also hit or miss. Sometimes we'll get someone friendly and attentive, other time's we'll get someone that basically acts like a dick. I hate having servers that are dicks. It kinda ruins the whole meal. I work in the service industry, no matter how terrible of a day I'm having or how rude of a client I have, I'm still NICE. Not nice servers makes me sad. Sorry, this review is going on and on and on. Basically, I like this place. I just wish they could step it up a little. Be a little more consistent, ya know?
3	I'm wavering between 2 and 3 stars. Good thing I had a dang good sandwich...So, this place is kind of funny. I live right down the street and had no idea it existed--It's kind of tucked back in a parking lot. The gigantic fake waterfall outside the front entrance makes you feel like you're about to stand in line for one of those water rides where you're thrown around in a log boat at an amusement park. There are bats decorating the whole place. It's just funky.We were greeted by the bartender, who sat the 5 of us (me, parents, grandparents) and promptly walked away. It became very clear to me that the one lone server was in over his head (although I only saw 2 tables outside by the waterfall and one other table besides us) while we waited AND WAITED to be greeted. Bartender had no one to tend bar for. She couldn't have at least helped the dude out and taken our drink orders? Server was slightly spastic but nice enough. It took a while to get our drinks and then even MORE of a while to place our order. He was running in and outside like a crazy person. To his credit our order came out correctly.The menu is semi-hilarious. It's inside a fake newspaper and boasts all kinds of tex-mex/grill/general meat-loving delicacies. Being a vegetarian, I was all "buh" but thought the "Portales Portabella" sounded delicious. ...AND IT WAS. At huge sandwich of a basamic-marinated portabella on fresh focaccia with different roasted peppers, red onion, pepperjack and avocado. Hot diggity (what?) it was good. I could barely eat half and savored the leftovers for the next meal. It was served with a huge portion of seasoned fries. My grandma tried the green chili mac and a side order portion was pretty huge. It was tasty--pepperjack and cheddar cheese, corn, chiles...all served in a tortilla-covered bowl. Have you heard my new rap song, carbsoncarbsoncarbs?In all, it was an OK lunch. Again, I was pretty appalled by the lack of help the one server got from the bartender and manager who seemingly had not much to do. Maybe I'm just sensitive to my fellow service industry family?
3	We came here for lunch one day at work and we were all super excited to try the habanero burger.  The three of us who went all like spicy food.  While the burger itself was good, spicy would be a loose description of it.  I would come back here but I would ask for the burger to be way spicier.  We will come back I am sure but hopefully the peppers will have some more kick.
3	It was okay, not the best, but not the worst. Service was good and the chips/guac were pretty tasty. However, my entree wasn't that great - expected more I guess.
5	YUMMY!I've heard great things about the Tavern and I'm glad I randomly came one night.At first, while walking in I thought that place was trying to do too much.  Though on second thought, the waterfall and moat was pretty cool.  In case a medieval army decides to attack I guess.  There's a nice little patio to the side, but I chose to sit at the bar to people watch - "Hungry Eyes"!I ordered the Green Chile Burrito and boy was is massive.  However, I couldn't believe I ate the whole thing!  YOU, get in my belly!  Felt like mini-me was in my belly!  ooof!  It was definitely well worth it.  The chile was tasty and the black beans were well spiced.  The shredded beef inside the burrito with the chiles were to die for - mmmmm!  I pounded it down with a few drinks.  Gluttony!  Now I just gotta look our for Kevin Spacey! (SE7EN reference!) Service was good, I think the waiter kept pushing drinks on us haha!  Do I look like I need another one!  Well yes, yes I do.  You know what else is pretty cool about this place -- they have pay phone!  What the heck is that!? - Enjoy!
4	Being born in Arizona, I take my Mexican Food pretty seriously and this is one of my favorites. I go specifically for the Carne Adovada plate.  Next time I go back I will be trying the Habanero Burger that everyone keeps talking about.
4	After landing in Phoenix around 8pm, I yelped some places near our hotel in Scottsdale and stumbled upon this place - thanks Yelp!!It was pretty empty by the time we got there since it was so late. And it's quite dark inside, haha. But the food was GREAT!We ordered the crab cakes as an appetizer - YUM. Definitely get these, you won't be disappointed. We also got the Fresh Snapper Tacos (nothing special, but the fish was really really good) and the Stacked Enchiladas - SO GOOD. It was so dark in there that I didn't realize it had a fried egg on top...a really nice surprise :)We also ordered the Flan since all the reviews said it was good. But it was just okay...too thick & rich for my liking. But overall, great place! I would come back again.
1	I should have know the moment I saw the logo but I have a fondness for bats.  I definitely should have known when I walked in the front door and saw the fake water feature straight out of a lame local amusement park.My girlfriend is a vegertarian and it's a one-star kind of place for being so unfriendly toward veggies but the menu was uninspired and the decor was mind blowing in a bad way.  We ordered two beers, judged a bit (the folks seemed very nice and the food might be ok), and left as it's not was the reviews led me to believe.It's a chain waiting to happen in a town with plenty of good local and authentic food options; we were absolutely thrilled with our 2nd choice of Los Sombreros - 5-stars!
2	OK. I don't usually update reviews after being contacted by the owner but since I didn't sample the food I'll give them the benefit of the doubt.Cons:- Not veggie-friendly (way too many meat heavy dishes on the menue)- Smelly (chemical) water feature outside would make outside dinner near it not so appeallingPros:- Plenty of parking- Attentive staff- Fondness for bats- Locally owned and operatedIt wasn't what I wanted and apparently they're not going the chain route so my judgement is held in check...for now.  :)
4	This place is great.  I wanted some type of local food and I found this place with yelp.  We came for lunch and saw the waterfall out front, it was kind of cool.  I will agree with some reviewers, that this place is dark inside.  We ordered the carne adovada, crab stuffed pablano peppers,  lobster enchilada, and snapper tacos.  The carne adovada and crab stuffed pablano peppers were great.  The lobster enchilada was ok.  The snapper tacos was the least favorite one, I would probably not order that one again.  Overall the food was great, and if I am ever in the Scottsdale area, I would probably come back here.
4	We were down from the Northwest visiting family in Scottsdale. I heard about this place from a burger joint back home. Although I love Mexican food, I had to try their burgers. I love spicy food, and the habanero burger caught my eye right away. The burger was delicious, the meat was well prepared. The only thing I was disappointed about was that it was not as hot as I expected, I have tried quite a few spicy burgers in my day. The fries and salad were excellent as well. My family members had cheese crisps and quesadillas, to which there were no complaints. I did not order a beverage from the bar, but it looked very spacious with a wide selection. The restaurant also features a good sized patio setting near a pleasant moat. Service was average, nothing special but no complaints.
4	Ok I'm old. But this place is dark. So dark you can't read the menu. So I pull out my phone and use it as a light. We started off with the potstickers. They were a bit burnt so they started off on the wrong foot.  I ordered the filet salad. I enjoyed it. Couldn't see when I had eaten the good stuff so that was a negative. My husband had the green chile cheeseburger. He enjoyed it. We'll go back. During the day. They have windows so we'll be able to see!! We'd like to sit outside too. It looks nice to sit around the moat. ;-)
2	I have always been a big fan.  A frequent patron for 10+ years.   This weekend my father and I went for lunch;   the Carne Adovada was very good, however the Pozole was cool and fatty.   And the Tesuque salad was lacking dressing, and the chicken was bland.   Could be a hit if better prepared.   I will visit again.
5	Awesome dinner, be ready for a good kick! Margaritas were great too
3	Probably the only "New Mexican" restaurant around. Great service and atmosphere, great outside area (winter or summer) with outdoor fireplace/patio area. Excellent beer selection, Negro Modelo on tap, excellent starter menu, Mexican Potstickers are excellent, fresh & spicy!
3	Came here for my birthday lunch. Food is good and ambiance is nice, but they could give a crap if it's your birthday. Believe me, don't need the song and dance, but when your table is clearly celebrating something, it seems like the polite thing to do to just say "happy birthday". Was a great day to sit on the patio, fountains were fountain-ing, and psrking's plentiflu/easy. Two of us had the Carl's Chicken Sandwich, which had a bunch of good flavors. Side salad was nicely put together and not just iceberg lettuce. The third person had the Southwest Patty Melt with fries--also very good. The tangerine margarita wasn't too bad. Prices vary between steep and reasonable. Will we go back? Meh...
4	carlsbad tavern  is a combination Mexican market and hole in the wall take out place which also happens to have 3 small, 2-person tables at the back. During our visit the owner's adorable 4 year old daughter was holding court at one of the tables.We ordered some nachos and a couple of pollo burritos. The nachos were only half good- the top half. The owner/cook didn't drain one of the nacho components properly so there was a bunch of water at the bottom of the platter, rendering the bottom tortilla chips to mush.The chicken in the  burrito was under spiced but with the addition of the salsa verde and their zippier chipotle salsa it made the spice level just fine. I also didn't understand the addition of the lettuce in the burrito. If I am not mistaken, isn't an authentic Mexican burrito just the meat and beans and/ or rice? Maybe that is an east coast rendition that I 'm not familiar with.Overall, a decent place to pick up cheap, fresh food.
4	Habenero burger has great beef. The heat could be cranked up another couple of notches.  The carne adovada is great
1	Forgot my baby's meal, a member of my group order a jicama slaw and got red cabbage and onion. Half ass apology and paid for our fries. Other than that, tasty food, but not good enough.
4	Great food and Tracy is a great server!!
4	Came here during a spring training trip. Very short wait for a table. I really liked the decor. I thought it was relaxing and cool. It was a little chilly so we sat inside but the patio area was appealing as well.Between the five people in our group, we ordered the blue corn enchiladas, green chile burrito (one with chicken, one with machaca), red snapper tacos, and green chile philly. The tacos were good tasting but the plate was kind of busy with a lot of dressings. Philly was good but the bread could have been more interesting. A little bland and dry. The enchiladas and burritos were great, especially the machaca and the shrimp in the enchiladas. The green chile was tasty, as was the side of red chile we asked to try. It was the best I've had in awhile, especially outside of New Mexico. The machaca meat was really tender and had a lot of flavor. Sadly, the rice and beans looked better than they tasted but we were so into the green chile we didn't really care.Definitely a place to go for a relaxing environment and some good, New Mexican inspired food.
3	This is a cool restaurant.  I didn't explore too much of it, but it has a nice bar and the outside seating area is really pretty, with multiple levels and waterworks.  When we ate here it was a little chilly still at night, so the heat lamps were appreciated.Service was a little spotty all night.  We ran dry on water a few times, and it seemed like it took forever for our food to come out.  We had some chips and salsa (mediocre, unfortunately, and not free, doubly unfortunately) to tide us over, but things were definitely not moving quickly.The main courses, though, were good.  I had the stacked enchiladas, which were so big and different they barely registered as enchiladas.  They had good spice to them, though, and I liked being able to have two different meats going on.  The fried egg was a bit unnecessary, though.  I was hoping for a runny yolk, because I love me some runny yolks, but it didn't have one, and thus didn't add much.Tanya enjoyed her Tesuque chicken salad.  It did have a surprising amount of spice to it between the veggies and the tasty dressing.  The jalapeno bacon was good, too, but the tortilla crusted chicken was more crust than chicken, which was a bit disappointing.Our companions had lobster enchiladas, which seemed to be the biggest hit of the night, and crab stuffed poblanos, which were also popular.  I didn't get to try those, so that's just hearsay, but they appear to be safe bets.Overall, things were mostly good, but there were some little issues that held it back from being a great meal.  I would definitely come back, though.
3	Visited recently for the first time.  Enjoyed happy hour appetizers on the patio.  Cool place for outdoor dining, the waterfall added a nice background.  They offer smoking and non-smoking on separate sides of the patio.  Of course you know that if anyone is smoking, the entire area gets to "enjoy" the smoke.  Being a non-smoker, I would appreciate an true non-smoking area but being outdoors was too compelling to pass on this beautiful day.  Another small observation - the tables were too low for the chairs causing you to lean over to eat and the chairs were not comfortable at all.  We ordered chicken quesadilla & crab cake appetizer.  The quesadilla was made w/ green chiles and cheese, served w/ green & red salsa.  Didn't care for the red salsa but the green was pretty good, rather mild.  A side of sour cream was all that was missing here.  Crab cakes were ok, nothing special.  Served w/ a nice side salad it made a very good small meal.  A side of some kind of orange sauce (chipotle?) for the crab cakes that seemed really HOT to me - skip this next time please.Just based on the outdoor atmosphere alone, I would definitely come back again.
1	Kitschy decor, annoying TVs, service was ok but disinterested.  This is a far cry from real New Mexican cuisine. Flavors are muddled and the dominant taste experience is spicy and that's it. Lots of bland, greasy cheese and no fresh herbs or fresh flavors.  Tomatillos were absent from an entree that was supposed to have them. Pozole was spicy and the hominy had no flavor.
3	Carlsbad Tavern is a very nice find that is right next to where I live.  That will be great when I can drink it up and just walk home without having to worry about a DUI!  I came here with my dad, so my entrees were strictly vegetarian.  I could smell the seafood and could tell the specialties here are more seafood oriented.  I will have to update this once I try something like a crab enchilada, but the smell was wonderful.  The flavors in my vegetarian burro and my dad's blue corn cheese enchiladas were amazing.  It wasn't so hot spicy, but there were a lot of amazing flavors.  If you get an item, I do highly recommend them to put easy on the cheese because I felt like half my plate had melted cheese.  I got a skinny margarita to go along with it.  The one downside is that they don't offer complimentary chips and salsa.  We actually ordered some, and it came after our food.  I was a little bit disappointed by the cost of it and the late delivery, which is why I give it a 3-star.  This will probably change after another visit, but this is just my first impression.
3	I had such a fabulous visit to Carlsbad back in 2011 that I couldn't wait for a return trip this year.  Unfortunately, the most recent reviews have been spot on:  the service and quality of the food has dropped a few notches.This year I tried the chile rellenos and actually really enjoyed it.  But my mom and sister's meals arrived lukewarm.  We all enjoyed our meals, but weren't wowed enough to make a return visit in the future.
4	A friend of mine took me out here for a belated birthday dinner. I have always wanted to try this place so it was a welcome surprise. We were seated on the patio since it was a nice evening however me being the wimp that I am, I had them turn on the heater because it was a little cooler than I thought ( plus it didn't help that I had a a very thin top but that is another story lol)We ordered Mai Tai's for our drinks and let me tell you those suckers were strong. Luckily for me I was not driving and my dinner companion sipped his sparingly. We had the Mexican Potstickers as an appetizer however although they were good, they were quite salty.  I ordered the Crab Stuffed Poblanos as my main course and my friend ordered Chorizo Stuffed pork chop. Baby, my Poblanos were stuffed with so much crab!! OMG it was soo good. They were huge as well So big that I even after sharing I ended up taking one whole one and a half one home with me. My friend's stuffed pork chop was delicious and the red chile cheddar mash potatoes had just the right kick. He too ended up taking half his meal home because the portion was so good. Oh and if you think I am complaining, believe me I am NOT by any means. I also ordered a pina colada later on (as again I was not driving) and that too was just as strong. They do not skimp on the alcohol and I was very happy about that.  Nothing like spending $9 on a drink and you can't taste any alcohol.Now although were were stuffed to the gills, we also ordered a piece of key lime pie to share. Delicious to say the least. With the exception of the ultra salty mexican pot stickers, the serve, the food, and most importantly the company was fantastic. If I am ever in the area again, I may have to check out there happy hour.
1	So I should have known this place was bad when I pulled up and there was no parking available but they had a valet service that conveniently had reserved spots. So after being FORCED to valet park my wife and I went inside and were promptly seated(kind of strange since there were no free parking spots). I ordered an green chilly cheese crisp for us to share and my entree was a green chilly pork burro. The cheese crisp was flavorless and unappetizing. The burro tasted like it had ben PRE-MADE and over cooked in the microwave upon order. The pork was dry and flavorless. I would not recommend this place to anyone because it's NASTY and does not do Arizona Mexican cuisine any justice at all.*****AVOID at ALL COSTS*****
4	Hidden gem alert! If you've ever driven on Hayden, traveled north from Thomas and passed by Carlsbad Tavern without stopping in, you're missing out! This is a charming little eatery complete with twinkle lights and a huge moat-like water fountain that surrounds the patio. The atmosphere is casual and perfect for large groups. I celebrated a birthday here several years ago and have been for dinner several times. The interior is cozy and feels like you're truly in a cavern and the patio is charming with the sound of water while you eat under the twinkle lights. It's perfect for a casual but ambiance-filled date night, perfect if you have young children and need a place that allows noise and perfect for any sized group. The food here is New Mexican and has a serious kick to it (in a good way). It appears that you must ask for salsa upon request. The salsa is very chunky and decent but the tomato chunks can make it hard to dip chips. The nachos are made with chipotle chips which is a nice change-up to typical nachos. Their go-to item is the Green Chile Burrito which is delicious. The combination of red and green sauce adds a kick and adds the perfect amount of "mess" to the meal. Anything here is good and the prices are reasonable so you can enjoy your meal without breaking the bank.
4	The patio is super cute and doesn't fee like you're in the middle of Scottsdale. Cavern's chicken salad is good and so are the prickley pear margaritas. Good place for lunch, just be aware it's New Mexico style Mexican food and they have a tendency to put American cheese where it doesn't belong. When in doubt no cheese.
4	This is a regular spot for us and is in walking distance from my boyfriend's house. Love coming here for dinner, or just drinks and appetizers.My fave dish here is the mac & cheese. They have great chips and salsa and nachos too. You probably can't go wrong with any of their food, but I tend to stick to the same thing every time.They have a great patio if you feel like being outdoors. Highly recommend coming here with a group of friends (guys + girls) or for a dinner date.
4	Great atmosphere! I like this new mexican cuisine. It's definitely different then anything you've ever had. Great that they are open late on weeknight. Yeah!
3	Decent food, mediocre service. We were in town for Spring Training, and while Adam and I are pretty open to trying new places, my aunt and uncle are less inclined. So we found somewhere (thanks, Yelpers) that seemed to have a pretty solid selection of Mexican food. And that's what we found.The food is in no way mind-blowing, but it's different enough that you don't find everything on the menu at a standard chain Mexican place. Our drinks were tasty, and they have a pretty wide selection of cocktails and beer to keep the crowd happy. The ambiance is nice - even though it was pretty crowded, we were seated fairly quickly on the patio, and we didn't have to shout to have a conversation. Our service, though, was pretty mediocre, and we had to flag down our waiter several times because he would not regularly check on us. Overall, if we're back in Scottsdale next year, I'll probably venture somewhere new.
3	My son wanted to go here for his Birthday. It is a little drive from where we live. The decor inside was supposed to have a cave look with bats. (Not Real Ones) HeHe. I had heard that everything was really spicy. This I did not find the be true. I got the Carne Adovada plate. The meal was good but not spicy at all. I may not be the one to judge of what is spicy as I am a hatch chili fan. The hotter the better. This is one place you don't get free chips and salsa. We ordered the chips and salsa. Their salsa was good but again not very spicy. Everyone enjoyed their meal. The service was good. The meals were reasonably priced maybe a little higher than I am used to paying for the same type of meal where you get free chips and salsa. I did not like paying for the chips and salsa. I would definitely eat there again if I was in the area but not good enough to travel 30 miles just to eat. Eat Good Food
2	I realized that I drive by Carlsbad only about 12 times per average workday, and haven't been here in 8 years.  That's nearly 35,040 times, give or take a few.SO...  I decided it was time to give it another try.  Then I realized why I hadn't been back in 8 years.  Bland food, bland food, and bland food. Sorry, but it's true.  Will probably be at least another 8 years.
4	Expensive, but good.  Go for the ambiance, but stay for the food.  The patio is wonderful, it never got too hot even though it was the middle of the afternoon; but then again I didnt come in the middle of july when being outside is the equivalent of living in an oven.  If it gets too hot, just order another drink.  They come in a nice sized glass and are plenty strong.  Bring friends, drink a lot, and have a good time.
4	I really like this place, but the prices are a little inflated. I used to come here a lot with my co-workers at lunch when I worked in the area, but not as often since I changed employers. I still want to come here because I love the habenero burger so, so much, but I'm a little iffy on spending $13 on a burger. I come occasionally when I'm not feeling cheap but I never have any regrets afterward. The drinks are also a little overpriced for how weak they make them. The fries are really, very good too and I really like the river running through the back patio. Gives your meal a great atmosphere. I also like to call ahead so I can pick it up and eat at home. The hostess and bartender are usually very personable and helpful. I would recommend giving it a try!
4	I love this totally unique place! All the food I have ever eaten here is the YEARS I have been coming here is always delish!I love the fact that they have huge late night menu until 2AM every night! big nachos (my hubby's fav) and a giant ruben sandwich, yummy green chili chicken quesadillas and soups and burgers... and don't let me get started on the fries, lets just say battered fries are to die for!... you name it! YUM! Their salsas are fantastic...For dessert order the Prickly Pear Flan... so creamy! I love sitting in the bar booths, they are cozy and private feeling, yet you feel apart of the bustle. The patio is a rocking' place to sit. It has a giant waterfall that not only drowns out the street noise but gives it a totally unique and fun atmosphere! I enjoy coming here with my hubby for a casual dinner or even with a large group! Either way it is a good time!
5	This place was such a wonderful experience.  My husband and I went here on Cinco de Mayo.  The ambiance is amazing, the food is yummy (but spicy), and the chips and salsa are AMAZING.  You won't regret going here!!
5	Loved the food- great salsa!  Outdoor seating is a must here.
3	I came here once before and they had really good late night food so I thought I would try it again for dinner. But to be honest, it wasn't anything to be jazzed about and a little overpriced for how boring the food was. My dad had the rotisserie chicken which came with green chilli mac and cheese, but it didn't even have actual green chillies in it. I had blue corn enchiladas which were good, just not great.
5	Love this place !Food is spicy and always cooked just right.  Menu changes every so often and have nightly specials too.  Service is great.  No matter what night you go it is busy.it is a great little find.
3	We love this place, a standard choice for us a couple times a month for happy hour, late night eats or breakfast.  The brunch/breakfast fair is outstanding, if you enjoy a bit of heat and southwest fair in your food.  Unfortunately the breakfast starts late, so if you're early risers it is hard to wait 'til 10am for opening.  I regularly take my house guests or out of town friends here for the experience; they've done a great job on the design and the food is always great!
4	Finally getting around to writing a review for one of my favorite local new mexican grub spots.I highly suggest starting with the chips and salsa and a house margarita, for an entree I HIGHLY suggest the Osso Bucco! Some of the most tender, roasted pork I have ever had! Servings are well sized, and typically come with rice and beans. Overall pretty good service, however every once and a while you will get a slow waiter (typically when sitting outside). The happy hour is descent; however I think the Margaritas should be $1 or 2 cheaper based on quality and size. I love the outdoor seating and when the weather is nice you can't beat a margarita and mexican food next to the waterfall.Keep up the good work!
5	Excellent Southwestern Food.  As good or better than Richardsons...  I say better!
4	This place has a great atmosphere and is something unique. It resembles a mining cave on the inside, and the outside has a really cool patio with a big waterfall and pool. We sat in the dining area surrounding the bar and got great service. The waitress was very attentive and you could tell she really liked her job and was knowledgeable about the entire menu. The chips and salsa were really good. The chips were a variety of white, red and blue corn with a light dusting of spices. The salsas were chunky and very tasty. They bring you red and green, and are nothing like what you get around town. Very good. I ordered the filet mignon tacos, which came topped with cheese, pico, and guacamole on flour tortillas. They were delicious. My husband got the open faced green chili hamburger which was smothered with their green chili sauce and cheese. It was amazing. We of course ordered drinks. My husband got  his usual beer, and I tried the skinny margarita. It was awesome and reminded me of what an authentic margarita should taste like. I also got the sangria and it was good. Not as sweet as what I normally expect though.We will definitely go here again with our son this time as they have a kids menu. It's not a stuffy Scottsdale restaurant and has character and awesome food!
4	I've been here a few times with some friends but I finally remembered that I haven't written a review yet after visiting late last night. That's the cool thing about C.T., they serve food very late, till close at 2am! Last time I ordered the carne adovada burrito, and it was pretty good. I lived in northern New Mexico for 8 years so I know good carne adovada when I taste it. Still not as good as Blue Adobe on Country Club Dr. in Mesa though, that's where it's tops. C.T. takes second place, sorry! Still delicious though!  Last night I came with a few GF's for a late meal after a movie shoot. The machaca nachos were piled high and delicious with the red and green salsa sides (containers with a spoon), and the gals ordered the habanero sliders. I thought they were crazy and reminded them how hot habanero was. "I can handle hot," she said. Well she admitted less than one slider in that it kicked her ass. I had half a slider from the other gal (she couldn't handle it) and took the other one home. You get 3 sliders and fries. The fries were PERFECTLY done and delicious.Update Sept. 2012:Came here for some happy hour apps n drinks with a few friends.Patio was shady and nice but we were getting attacked by mosquitoes.Crab cakes were small, only 2, and came with a salad on a tortilla.The potstickers were scrumptious!Sopapillas were delicious but only a few were pillowy, most were flat.The big nachos were good again.The "skinny margarita" tastes weird. Get the Cabo Wabo one.The Malbec wine was good.
3	~3.5I was wanting to take my bf out to Brat Haus, but after reading the reviews decided to let it season up a bit. looking for places near Old Town, I read about Carlsbad Tavern and since I have a new fondness to green chile, we decided to come here. We were greeted promptly at the door and asked if we wanted to seat in the bar or the dining room. The inside is pretty small from what I saw (compared to the patio area), and we decided to sit in the bar. Used my Yelp check in for free chips & salsa, which were okay. I had a skinny margarita, as it was HH and it was very good and strong. We both had burritos, I had the green chile burrito with adovado, which was very good! I had the leftovers today which were just as delicious. The only reason this isn't a 4 is because the interior could use some attention, even though it's campy, there was visible dust and cobwebs. Either way, I'll probably be back
4	Well known with some, but strangely still a well-kept secret from many . . . you gotta try them out. Food is a unique alternative to all the other Southwestern-theme restaurants. Additionally, these guys are a class act. I was having some issues with my bank and debit card. Andrew, the owner, went the extra mile when he didn't need to. Great happy hour specials. Love the Pozole, cheese crisp, NY Carne Asada. It's hard not to order the green chile stew every time, though, but I want to try a lot of other items. Nice atmosphere and outdoor seating is perfect in the evenings.
4	Great atmosphere, very nice crowd, like sitting at bar for dinner, always find a congenial person(s) to talk to. Food: not as good as authentic New Mexican food served in New Mexico, but that's my opinion. Much better than average AZ Mexican type fare, have had blue corn enchiladas, very tasty but needed much more "kick". I like my Mexican food spicy, someone who prefers mild would be totally satisfied. I just kept dumping hot sauce on my food. Habanero burger: just a big, juicy burger with a lot of spice and nice sides, salad and fries. A great burger, but would be inclined to order from the Mexican dishes menu. After all a burger is a burger. I don't think you come to Carlsbad Tavern for a burger, you come for New Mexico type food.Dined here some years back, my recollection was that the chips and salsa were free at one time, but of course not now. Considering chips and salsas are inexpensive ingredients, I think they should be gratis. Far less well known Mexican restaurants put a platter of chips and salsa in front of you when you sit down to dine.  All in all, a very pleasant atmospheric place to dine, bartenders very friendly and helpful, laid pack place to relax. I would NOT call this comparable to true New Mexico cuisine. I have not tries Los Dos Molinos yet, have heard they are authentic , wish they had a Scottsdale branch.
4	Loved it! Simply thee best green salsa Ive ever had! Check in on Yelp for free chips and salsa!
4	Great service and very very good food. Explore.  It won't hurt. They will tell you when you are getting hot.  The flavor on the Osso Bucco is amazing.  The chorizo stuffed pork chop is very good.  The house salad with the kicked up ranch dressing is great.  Sunday special buy one dinner the other is 1/2 off made it a bonus.  Margaritas a little pricey but the house ones are good.People around us had the fried chicken and they wolfed it.  Only down is that it is very dark and can get loud.  Outside dining is great when it is cool or not raining.  Use your flash lite app to be adventurous on the menu.
5	This place is great!  Good food, and good service.  We had a large group HH and our server Jay was very patient and happy to suggest plates over others.  I told him my dad was back in the US from Afghanistan and the owner came out to let me dad know all his drinks/meal were on the HOUSE! whoot whoot!! America!! F**ck yea!! Anywho- this place has a super cool patio with a walk way bridge over water.  New Mexican food is the cuisine and they give big portions and rich in flavor :-)
4	Pretty good steak.  I know it's a New Mexican place but it's dark and loud and a friend blurted out that filet was on the menu before my eyes had a chance to adjust so I've never had anything else here after a few visits.  No problem, the filet is good, the potatoes are good and the sauce is good.  The main negative is that this place can get kinda packed on the Friday and Saturday night so parking is a hassle even though they have their own parking lot.
4	great late night menu,  awesome patio
3	A group of us went here for dinner Friday night since the restaurant we wanted to was super busy as it was restaurant week. I've driven by this place several times but never thought to go in. Their big bat sign in the front looks like Batman should dine there and I was never sure exactly what that place was. However, I remember reading a review not too long ago for this place that my friend wrote and decided that I wanted to put it on my list of places to try. We got seated right away which was great since they looked pretty busy. The lighting inside is super dark. Their menus are printed on mock-newspapers which are very hard to read and not practical when you have 5 people crammed into a booth. After fighting each other off with our elbows and putting the menus 2 inches from our face so that we could read them, we all decided on what to get. Make sure you check-in too since you get a free chip and salsa app (free refills!). I wasn't too hungry since I had a big lunch so I opted for the crab cakes. The entrees were all pretty pricey, not that the crab cakes weren't but they were still cheaper. When they came out, there were two small crab cakes buried in dressingless salad on top of a grilled tortilla. The crab cakes were pretty good, nothing spectacular. The presentation was pretty odd and seems very inefficient money wise. Vegetables are not cheap and they wasted a lot of perfectly good greens. I tried eating some of it since I don't like to waste food but since it didn't come with any dressing and I'm not a bunny, I left the majority of it on my plate. I tried my boyfriend's quesadilla and it was pretty good. The serving wasn't huge, like half the size of a tortilla. They also used some kind of cheese that I didn't like, it was a little too pungent for me to use with a quesadilla. My friend got the pork chops and let us try a small bite. I don't really care for pork but I have to say that it was really good. The glaze/sauce that it was covered in was sweet and just right. Maybe I didn't order the right thing, but I didn't want to spend a ton of money on food when I wasn't that hungry. If I were going to spend that much money on an entree, I'd rather go somewhere else. The service was great and our server made sure that our glasses were always filled with water. Overall, this place was kind of a miss for me but now I can say that I've been to the bat cave and wont have to wonder any more.
4	I really enjoyed this place!  The BF and I stopped in for Happy Hour, and ended up staying for dinner.  Really cute place....great decor!  The staff was friendly and helpful.  Good margaritas, good chips and salsa.  I checked in and tried to use the free chips and salsa check in offer, but our server said since it was our first time in, chips and salsa were complimentary!  Great food too!  All in all, great experience and we can't wait to go back!
1	No more! We have been regular customers for about five years now and were so treated like crap tonight that we will not be coming back. Service and food is always pretty hit and miss but we kept coming back because when it was good, it was good. We ordered their filet tacos which always come out cold but the flavor is usually pretty good. Tonight it comes out not only cold but greasy and has no guacamole on it. We tell the waitress and she sends it back. A little later she brings out a new dish that had the tacos so cold that the cheese was not even melted, barely any meat on it, and the guacamole and pico de gallo on the side. Huh? We complain, she sends the manager over and she (the manager) who has known us for a few years now is very snarky and rude to us about it. She doesn't understand why we are not happy with everything on the side. OK. Well, if that is how you treat regulars, see ya. To top it off, we were overcharged for the side of guacamole we ordered and the service was terrible the second half of our meal. We canceled the order and left. This is a place you definitely take your chances at.
5	Love this place!  Great food, great service, only negative is it is a little overpriced but you pay for what you get.  I have taken a couple of dates here & all went really well.  Also took my parents here when they visited & they loved the place!  Very good southwestern flavored food.  The outdoor seating is awesome, huge waterfall & fireplace during winter.  Inside there is a bar & a dining lounge.  The bar is typically full of neighborhood regulars.  The place has a unique batcave theme, you can make it out when you look around.  The menu is a newspaper which is original & unique.  Definitely recommend this place to any friends wanting to eat a southwestern style meal.
5	I believe the habanero burger has destroyed my ability to detect heat and I love it. I come back as often as I can to pay for the privilege to have my tastebuds killed by this delicious burger.
4	I would highly recommend this restaurant for lunch or dinner.  Great food with a New Mexican flavor.  Great green chile, nice atmosphere, good patio and well stocked bar. The chicken wrap for lunch has great flavor, wish they offered this dish for dinner. They don't advertise much and learning about the restaurant is sort of by word of mouth, but once I found it I keep coming back when visiting Scottsdale.  Good value and pleasant experience.
3	We were in the Scottsdale area for a conference and decided to stray away from the typical conference food when we happened upon Carlsbad Tavern. Upon first entering, we appreciated the kitschy southwestern decor and were pretty impressed by the outdoor seating. I ordered the chicken-fried chicken, while my husband ordered the Enchantment platter. The mashed potatoes that came with my order were so, so, SO good and my husband raved about the carne adovado. The reason for the three stars is the slo-o-o-o-o-w service.
5	Different kind of mexican food with a great atmotsphere, especially on the patio Service is always a little less tha excellent when busy. But overall our favorite maexican
5	I recommend this place. Nice patio. Price is right. I like the carne adovada.
4	Great food. Good prices. Great atmosphere. Most everything is in the spicy side so beware. I would go again
4	I love spicy foods but they are not kidding when they write CAUTION all over the menu next to the habanero burger. It is absolutely ridiculous. My boyfriend has a really high tolerance for spice and he could even eat the whole thing... but a day later he called me and said he wouldn't be ordering it again because digesting it was painful.... hahaha. I could only eat half of the habanero burger the first time I went so the second time, I just got a regular burger with bleu cheese. Was delicious though... can't wait to go back and try some other things on the menu.Happy hour prices are great!
4	Tasty nachos. Great margs and good selection of beers. Really enjoyed the different twist on Mexican food.  Big portions.
4	We came here for the late night menu. Very friendly service. Food was awesome. Drinks are the bombs!!! We will definitely come back next time we are visiting Scottsdale.
4	Nice restaurant, casual place.  I had the carne adovado which was good but not as good as I was led to believe based on the reviews I read.  Chips were really good, salsa and guac was ok.
5	Excellent food, excellent service and great atmosphere. I had the Ribeye and it was excellent! Couldn't finish it, but if I make it back down here for work again, I will be coming here.
4	To the BAT CAVE!. We have our company's parties here and take potential clients from out of town to kick things up a notch. Great atmosphere and the food is really tasty. They use Pecan wood in their grill which makes a big difference. Start off with some grilled Tequila Shrimp and some grilled Carlsbad Brochettes. A few of my favorites are the Machacha and Tomatillo Chimichanga, the Carne Adovada Plate, and the very spicy Habanero Burger. Menu reads "Warning Hot! ... may cause temporary blindness or loss of hearing". I thoroughly enjoyed it and was sweating like a dog. More napkins please. They have a large amount of choices on the menu including their NM spin on the Reuben Sandwich, the Philly Cheese Steak, and the Chicken Sandwich. Don't forget some desert to cool things down a bit. Carmel Flan covered with Prickly Pear or Chocolate Grand Marnier sauce or the decadent Chocolate Bread Pudding covered with Butterscotch sauce. Touchdown for the team!
2	I'm pretty let down. I brought my family here, because it seemed like a pretty fun place and had quite a few good reviews... I had decent service, but everyone's food was terrible. My sister got the veggie wrap, and couldn't eat it; everyone tried a bite, and it was just terrible. Their "award winning" burger was a let down, along with everything else. I got their pork shoulder dish, which was very well cooked but very poorly seasoned. I wont be going back.
3	Michael Martin Murphy might have said "it's a long way back to New Mexico", but in Phoenix, you can take a short ride down Hayden from Old Town Scottsdale to Carlsbad Tavern for a great taste of New Mexico.this place is really cool.  As you might be able to gather, the restaurant is "named after" the Carlsbad Caverns.  (Did you know that a Cave is technically not the same thing as a Cavern but that a Cavern is a cave?)  The ambiance/decor of the restaurant is a cavern theme.  When you approach the building from the outside, it looks like you're approaching a "cavern".  When you walk inside, the restaurant looks like a cavern!  There is a moat with water outside that runs through the patio area. I've been to CT for large lunches and smaller casual dinners.  I love the patio outside for this!  Oh, on the cooler spring evenings, that patio is addicting and intoxicating.Now, for the food.  I have ordered several things from that menu.  I enjoy the Green Chile Stew.  It was the first thing I ordered when I went there, and I'm one of those weirdo creatures of habit, I"ve probably ordered that 75% of the times I've been there.  I've ordered the Caverns Chicken Salad and I think it was Lobster Enchilladas more than once.  Their Sopas are very addictive.  You've been warned. what I like about their food is that every darn thing is so cheesy!  They put a lot of cheese their food.  If you're looking for HOT/Heat, they can certainly spice up your life.  Their menu warns you about the spice level of certain food items.  I would say heed it, but you won't listen to me, now will you.  I tried that Habanero Burger and got half the pepper on the side... it was not that bad at all.  hehe...Give them a a try, you will like it.
5	What's not to love about Carlsbad?  The food, service, and atmosphere are awesome.  Try the Carlsbad Brochettes!  I would say more, but honestly just go there and see for yourself.  Great late night menu!
4	New Mexican food?  Yes please!  Incredible food with incredible prices and an absolutely beautiful restaurant (think Pirates of the Caribbean ride and Casa Bonita from South Park).  I'm definitely coming back.  Oh...come hungry...the portions are more than generous.  PS: try the chips and salsa.  It's not your average Picante salsa.  It was made with love, man.
2	The offer of free chips and salsa should not be what brings you here...aren't they usually free anyway?! Carlsbad Tavern should focus their attention on the quality of the food rather than the quantity. Not impressed.
4	I love this place. The patio is delightful and the food is spicy and delicious. My party of 4 shared some really good appetizers and then we ordered  chili rellenos, a crab stuffed chili dish and a variety plate with 3 different items. Everything was delicious!The service is very good. We asked for some more of the red sauce and it was brought to us in a minute. Water glasses were refilled before they were empty.They also make excellent burgers but do tend to overcook. If you want medium well, ask for medium rare. On another occasion we asked for medium well and got hockey pucks.On your birthday you get a choice of a margarita or a flan. I got the flan and it was splendid. My companions ordered the key lime pie, bread pudding and a chocolate cake. Everything was yummy. It's a nicely decorated restaurant with excellent food and good service. I'll be back.
4	Today was my first time. My husband raves about this place. I had the carne adovada and it was delicious. I will definitely be back.
1	My girlfriend and I were here for the first time last night.  We are both over 45 so we are pretty experienced diners, and not some young pups. We bought a condo just a few blocks away about 6 months ago, and have had a blast trying new restaurants in the Old Town area. This place had a great atmosphere and we were very happy to be seated near the water fountains. Things went downhill from there. To be blunt, our waiter was just a flat out a jerk. When my girlfriend asked if there was anything on the menu that wasn't spicy, his response was rude and he acted like how dare she ask a question like that!  He said that she might as well just have a cheeseburger.  We were in a Mexican restaurant and my girlfriend was told she shouldn't have Mexican food!We asked for chips and salsa (not free like in EVERY other Mexican restaurant BTW). When they were delivered the guy said something like "this sauce is hot, and this sauce is hotter".  When the waiter came back, my girlfriend asked him if they had a cheese sauce for the chips that wasn't spicy and he acted all jerky again and said "no". At that point we left and will not be back. We went a few blocks into Old Town and ate at Los Olivios and had a ball. Not as fancy, but "normal" Mexican food with lots of non-spicy options. Great waiter too!!!
4	What a find.  Loved it.  Great atmosphere, good food, and good service. Will be back for sure.  Only down side for me was the huge tv's on patio, which were turned on about 10 minutes before we left, for sports, I think. Kind of ruins the ambiance.  But such a fun find.  Thanks yelp.
4	Arriving in AZ, we and our friends headed to Carlsbad Tavern to have lunch with our daughter who lives in Mesa.  What a great choice to start the trip. The tavern is very cool with lots of Southwest/AZ hip decor. We were seated promptly outside on the patio right beside the beautiful water feature.  It was cool and comfortable. Our server was prompt and courteous.  Food and drinks were spot on.  We had a totally relaxing and enjoyable time at this restaurant and would recommend it to anyone.
2	The atmosphere on the patio is nice with the fountains but it isn't nice having dinner to the smell of chlorine.  The food was ok and the server had no problem honoring the yelp complimentary chips and salsa.  We each got the green chili chicken burrito.  The food was laden with cheese and not for the cholesterol conscious.  It was hard to taste much besides the cheese and the spice but, there was chicken in there too.  If it weren't for the patio/water feature, I don't think this place would be in business.
5	Excellent service and picks from the menu. I tried the habanero sliders which really delivered the heat and flavor. I thought they were awesome but be warned they are not for the spice weary crowd. Great atmosphere and location. Crazy bartender with his pours!
1	This has to be the worst Tex-Mex I've ever had. The fare is way over-priced and the margaritas are triple-sec heavy so there you go. If you want to pay too much for bad food and drink this is your place.
2	Disappointing. Nothing is fresh. Do not go here if you are interested in eating good food. This is a place to go with 'bros and chicks" I guess. It's a sports bar in disguise.I don't know why it has such high ratings. Rice-undercooked. Chips-store bought. Beans- worse than canned Trader Joes. The only saving grace was the jalapeno cucumber margarita-but even that was mediocre.
4	Service was great, always there to fill up an empty glass and checked on us several times.  The patio area has a nice ambiance even during the day.  Awesome blue corn enchiladas! Margaritas were yummy :)  The green salsa is amazing! I usually go for red, but this time the New Mexico flare caught my attention!We used the check-in offer for the free chips and salsa without any issues. The servers were patient with us...we were so busy chatting away, that we took forever to finally order.  I didn't notice any smell that other reviewers mentioned. I also felt that it was a nice change from the high end chains you usually find these days. Chill place with good food and decent pricing!  My jalapeno margarita was only $4.50 - a special of the day!
3	Pretty good.  Chicken came out cold but they rectified it by warming it up.  Good selection of drinks.  Nice spacious patio.
4	Good eats and drinks for happy hour, love the atmosphere! It's a different take on the same stuff just about every other Mex-food offered.
3	Fun patio.
4	SOPAPILLAS!!! so so good!!! Enchiladas were good.. chips were spicy and tasty!Loved the patio dining ambiance! It's a little further away from Old Town but worth it!
5	Great out door seating!
4	Have been dining on and off at the Carlsbat (bat motiv) for decades (back on Scottsdale Rd a long time ago).  Those who give bad reviews just don't get the Tavern.  It has the best Verde Chile Stew I have ever had.  Breakfast eggs benedict amazing.  Habenera Burger not for everyone, but if you can stand the heat, grab one.  The bloody mary bar is fabulous.  Lots of things to explore on the menu, in a laid back casual, not pretentious way.  Highly recommended over and over.  So nice to have a local, not a chain, restaurant with a totally different menu.
1	Not one to normally criticize but this place is highly over rated. First of all our waiter was terrible and the food was so so . We gave our waiter our order, which he never wrote down, he asked first for our drink order which he got totally wrong . He then brought me a Sangria which was all ice. After 30 minutes I finished the drink and my glass was still 2/3 rd's ice on a hot day. Our food was under flavored, after we had to repeat our order to him, my wife had the quesadilla's and I the chipotle chicken with noodles. The prices were high for what you receive. We will never return.
3	Go to Carlsbad for quality food, late-night or earlier. The servers are friendly and they're ready with beer. Unfortunately we weren't cautioned of the size of our foursome's order.All dishes are of large, if not massive, quantity. The nachos with chicken fed four of us, such that only I could finish my entree after a lot of face-stuffing of their good burger.
5	It's popular for a reason!  Green chile is excellent.
3	This place is fine--I can't say I have very strong feelings about it either way.The cave ambiance is definitely unique but it's a bit strange. There were also a LOT of kids in the restaurant, so it's a good place to go with a family. Margaritas were weak and watered down. Food was okay, but not nearly as good as other New Mexican spots like Blue Adobe or Dick's Hideaway. I had the Green Chile burrito and it was good but not amazing. Watered down New Mexican food, if that's your thing.
4	Driving down this part of Hayden and away from Old Town Scottsdale, you wouldn't expect to find the treasure that is Carlsbad Tavern.Can't tell you how many times I've drove past it on my work runs, promising I'd give it a go. Well, that someday was two weeks ago (a Friday night) and . . . Well . . . Mind has been blown! The atmosphere here is refreshing coupled with attentive service. Maybe this is the margarita talking, but really did feel like I stepped into a cavern. Gorgeous patio surrounded by water and fountains, which is why we opted to sit out there. Great for larger groups; also the perfect ambience for a summer date night. Emphasis on night, since we all know how hot it gets here.Free chips and salsa when you check-in on Yelp. Was it that spicy? Nah. But it didn't TASTE like someone scooped it out of a jar. The green / tomatillo sauce was especially tangy. Also, the chips had some sort of seasoning on them which was a nice touch. That Cruzan Pineapple Margarita? No bueno; he tenido mejor sin una carga de Triple Sec. Tip: When you look at the menu, it gives you warnings about the spice levels. Unlike many restaurants around the Valley that employ this practice, they aren't joking, so prepare to eat once, enjoy twice if you don't heed them. Whoa, sorry, that was wholly inappropriate! :) Also, if you're looking for Green Chile, you won't be disappointed. The menu has an entire section devoted to just that. I had the Green Chile Burrito with Machaca; the Dude tried the Enchantment Platter. Woweeee! My ears were ringing all night after this. The Machaca wasn't tough, which was nice. Los Dos Molinos? Watch out, you've got some competition. The Enchantment Platter had one of the best Chile Rellenos I've had that wasn't homemade by someone's Nana. Read: Not eggy or soggy. Massive portions, took the other half home.  Gave the Sopas a try after reading Ursula D.'s review. Wow!!!!Is it a true New Mexico experience? Not sure. But Carlsbad Tavern certainly delivered in the spicy "melt your face off" department!
4	Carlsbad is the quintessential late night date spot for south Scottsdale. The huge water feature adds a very romantic aspect to this tavern. The food is ok, but the kitchen is open til 130 which is a big plus in my book. Service is always friendly and good this would be an average restaurant if it weren't for the great service and cool ambiance!
3	This place is pretty cool. The inside is pretty dark feeling. At night it can be somewhat difficult to navigate your way through or even read your menu. The best part is outside! Outside on the patio they have a pretty "stream/mote" whatever you want to call it, with the misters a great combo. The menus are on newspaper that looks like its out of a western which is cute.My favorite dish is the chicken fried steak, it's delicious! As far as an appetizer the skewers are good with mean and veggies. My favorite, and most unhealthy, green chili mac and cheese. Yum! I have been 3 times and each time service has been slow. That and the inside being dark are my only complaints. Other than that this is a great place for happy hour or to grab some dinner with friends/family. One out of the three was a date and I wasn't impressed for a first date.
4	I've been going to Carlsbad Tavern for years now, and it's a great go-to for late night eats (though I tried their brunch for the first time today, and was kinda blown away - I will be back for that). Food is pretty consistent, service always good, and the decor is funny/cute. As others have pointed out: if they say spicy on the menu, believe it.
4	The food here is delicious! The first time I went I had the Chile Rellanos but with french fries instead of rice and beans.  I was really happy they accomadated my french fry substitution as it's a bit unusual. The Chile Rellanos where delicious, best I've ever had! I even had enough to take home.  The last time I was there I had the Macaroni and Cheese Bites and Chips and Salsa.  I love love love the green salsa, it's not a chili based salsa and I couldn't quite pin point what it was, but it's delicious!  The Macaroni and Cheese Bites are little bits of snacking perfection, I loved them!I can't wait to go again and try more things!
4	Carlsbad's patio is my favorite part of the whole place! Their patio is huge and has water running through it which makes it so fun and refreshing feeling in the desert. The staff has always been friendly here, and seating inside isn't bad either but it is really dark in there/ I can't pass up sitting on a good patio. This is a great spot for me because we live across the street so we can walk there or ride our bikes. The salsas that come with the chips & salsa are much tastier than your typical salsa (I like the green one) so I recommend getting those to munch on while you wait for your entrees. The Tesuque chicken salad is the bomb, the snapper tacos are really good, and the blue corn enchiladas were pretty good too. I want to try the Habenero burger next and I definitely want to go to brunch here one day. Two complaints are that the drinks on happy hour weren't cheap they were til like $7 (originally $9) and I wish it opened before 11am for brunch because I am usually up and hungry well before 11am which in turn, forces us to go elsewhere.
5	Finally! After trying about 10 different places looking for good, spicy Mexican style food near north Chandler, we found our new favorite place. Have come her during regular and late night dining hours and have not been disappointed yet. Great atmosphere, especially on the patio during cooler days because the waterfall and cavern like area around the patio makes you feel like you're really in a cavern. Staff was great at keeping the table well stocked with water, gave helpful recommendations for dinner, and is always friendly.As for the food, the food is fantastic. At a gance, the menu seems a little pricy but you find out why when the food comes around. Have used the free chips and salsa check-in offer every time. The salsa isn't very spicy but is very flavorful. Doesn't look or taste pre-made and tastes great. The seasoned chips that come with it were good too. Just have to be careful not to fill up before the main pate comes your way because the dinner plates are huge! First time I came I had the Enchantment Platter and second time I got the Carne Adovada Burrito from their late night menu. will say this for the spice levels on the menu: they aren't messing around. Very accurate when it comes to heat intensity so if you like it hot this is a good place to go. The Enchantment Platter has a little bit of everything: chilli relleno, chicken enchilada, carne adovada burrito with red and Hatch green chilli sauce, rice, black beans, and a sopapilla. I hope you didn't think I was joking about the size of these plates. FRIGGIN HUGE!!! You definitely get what you pay for in spades. Very good chilli relleno. Crispy with good filling. I can't stand eggy/soggy rellenos that most restaurants have so was very happy.  The chicken enchilada was very flavorful with a good kick back from the chili sauce. chicken inside was moist with good seasoning. The carne adovada burrito was great. Again, good spice and seasoning for the beef and not dry at all. The red chilli on the burrito had a good flavor but wasn't too spicy. Not complaining though because the bee inside had enough kick for me without the sauce adding to it. Also, spiced black beans? Nom! Rice is what it is, not that I go out to eat for the sides. The Sopaipilla was nice and flaky. Good to help soak up the chili sauce. Waste not want not! Ended up taking half of this plate home for a very tasty lunch.The late night Carne Avodada burrito is the same as the one that came on the Enchantment platter, just bigger since it's on it's own. Came with black beans and rice. Also had to try the Sopaipillas for desert. Again, very flaky and warm with a good dash of powdered sugar on them. Served with honey of course.Have got to say, this is by far one of the best Mexican style restaurants I've been to to date. Will definitely be coming here when I need my spice fix! Great place to bring your friends for the atmosphere or if you wanna watch them burn up from the heat for a laugh! XD
5	12:30 on a Wednesday afternoon, end of July... this adventure to Carlsbad Tavern was sheer deliciousness!  Even as we walked to the front door, it was delightful to see water and a waterfall outside... making each of us trying to remember what cooler than 110 degrees is like.  Once inside, it was wonderful, the perfect temperature and a bit dark like a cave, but not so dark as not to be able to read the menu.         I ordered the special of the day, Blackened Shrimp on a house salad with deep fried onion crisps on top.  The dressing was a jalapeno ranch.  In the center, under the onion crispies, was a guacamole mash of some sort.  (The official description makes it sound much better!)   I LOVED it!   Just the right amount of flavor and heat.       Just before we got our lunch, we realized there is a Yelp Check In special!  So we got Chips and salsa for free!  Got to love that!!!     My lunch partners really enjoyed their meals too.  One had the Patty Melt.  Ate as much as she could... plenty and yummy!  Betty had the Carne Adovada Plate and in her words, "It was delicious."        Tracy was our server and she did absolutely everything right.  Perfect in friendliness, menu knowledge and making sure we had what we needed right away.  We appreciated her very much.      I look forward to going back to try some more items.   Back to the Bat Cave!
5	Carlsbad Tavern had been on my bucket list for quite some timeever since I found out it was New Mexico cuisineWell you can obvi tell by the name CarlsbadBut I weaseled my way in andI loved itMy favorite thing was the seasoning on the chips and salsa! I tried to ask if they sold bags of the stuff but they didnt. The server was so nice, she offered to pack me 2 to go bags thoughThe food was great and the chile was nice and spicyI also had a marg which was pretty tastyI shall return to CT
1	the food is not really good, and they do an 18% automated tip, careful!! I would not recommend this place.
3	Tried this funky place for their late night happy Hour between 10 and 2am. Only a few folks at the bar around 10:30pm and one Mexican busboy drinking like a fish in the corner of the bar. It is not so much of a Happy Hour in terms of prices. The normal drinks are apparently 9 bucks and at both "happy hours" you can get drinks for 7 bucks and beers are not really a bargain at $4.25 each. So, it is happy Hour in name only and the food is priced more at lunch prices than any semblence of happy Hour prices. The HH menu is large and I ended up with Blue Corn Enchiladas (one shrimp and one chicken) with rice and beans for $9.25. Most other food was around this price range or at least over 7 bucks. The enchiladas came out steaming hot and it is way better to let the cheese cool off before eating this dish. Great chicken and shrimp and tasty Mexican Rice. The key of course is the Green Chili sauce poured over the top and that had a minor kick and left a nice hot, but not fiery taste in my mouth for a few minutes. Would try lunch there sometime again as HH is overrated.
4	Went for dinner thurs 8/17. Casual place, attentive service and the food I felt was a good value. While the individual plate price might seem high, its not when you consider the quality of the food which I felt was above par and on target for value. I had the enchanted platter, corny name but serious food. fatguy two adipose thumbs up. Wife had the pork loing with a really incredible jalapeno risotto.I say go and enjoy this place!
1	Meh...Blah...Robin, don't ever take me to the bat cave again!This was the worst New Mexican food and margaritas we ever had! I never have to force myself to drink anything with tequila in it, but their house margarita just didn't taste right. We got chips and salsa, which you have to pay for, and was told which salsa was mild and which was hot. They must have forgotten the chiles as neither was hot. We then asked our waiter about some items on the menu and his response was "it's popular". We then asked what he would recommend and he said "anything with sauce and cheese on it to cover it up". Wow...we looked at each other thinking "is the food so nasty that we need cheese and sauce to get through it?" We decided to split the Blue Corn Enchiladas and the 1/2 Rotisserie Spicy Citrus Chicken. I don't know how to explain it but the enchiladas were tough and the green chile was tasteless. The chicken sounded like it should be spicy with habanero and guajillo chiles. It tasted more like it was smothered in BBQ sauce. It came with green chile mac n' cheese which was tasteless and the jicama slaw, well the jicama was okay but the cabbage was bitter and the dressing did not help it at all. The only reason I gave it 1 star is for the cool atmosphere! Inside it's like a bat cave and the outside patio in nice weather looks relaxing. Unless we hear some significant changes to the food and drink, I think we'll have to hang out with Superman instead!
1	I have no idea how this place has 4 stars on here. To begin with, I think the outside of the restaurant sets false expectations as to what you shall find once on the inside. The entrance of the restaurant is delightful with a beautiful patio, running waters, a mini lake/river, romantically lit up at night making it look like you are about to enter into a devine culinary experience. Once on the inside, the restaurant is dark and dingy, divided into two parts: a bar area with enormous booths, and a dinky room with fake wildlife where more booths and tables are. We were lucky enough to sit by the dinky wildlife/fake mountainside/faux cave where there were still last years halloween decorations up. My personal favorite was the bats. And to top it all off, it was incredibly dark in there, adding to the dark and dingy halloween theme they have going on.If the ambience isnt enough to kill your appetite, the food sure is. We got two entrees: steak tacos (from the appetizers section) and a trio platter (one of the supposed "favorites" according to the trippy waiter) with the chile rellenos, enchilada, and burrito. Lets start with the steak tacos: personally I think Taco bell tacos are superior to what I ate. The steak inside was cold. On to the platter: first of all you could not physically distinguish which was which without the help of the waiter pointing out each item due to the amount of sauce on top of the whole dish. Better yet, my taste buds couldn't distinguish the difference between each dish because it all just tasted like generic mexican flavored mush.Usually yelp reviews and star ratings are really legit, don't know how this one has escaped that. You're better at off at Taco Bell.
4	My husband and I were really impressed with this little place!  I'm kind of surprised to read he run negative reviews because our experience was quite the opposite.  Flavorful food, fun drinks, accommodating staff, awesome atmosphere.  Best of all, very minimal Scottsdale douche-baggery!  We can't wait to go back!
3	The potsticker were delicious. The green chile stew was a bit too spicy for my taste. Service was attentive.
5	Being originally from New Mexico, I always love my green chili! Have bags frozen in the freezer cause I thought I would never find a place that would serve it here in the Tempe Scottsdale area! When I heard about this place, I knew I had to try it out! I like the theme of Carlsbad! There menus are original and fun. The servers are EXTREMELY friendly and I was seated promptly, it was a group of 7. I ordered the green chili burger, it's an opens faced burger drenched in green chili. I have to say that it was awesome! The green chili was the perfect amount of hot! Then for desert I had the chocolate bread pudding! It was pretty good, very chocolaty, just wish there was some more sauce on it or something, seemed to be a little dry. But overall, I highly recommend this place!
5	Excellent service! Great food! Machaca beef chimmi and green chili Mac was delicious. Will be back!
1	They had the best Chef and I just found out they let him go.... Wont be going there...
4	Cool atmosphere, good drinks, and a decent late night menu. I recommend the kabob things for the late night menu (not named kabobs). Only bad thing is that the food can be too spicy. I like spicey food but what they spice the food with makes it a little too powerful sometimes.
4	I love Mexican food!!! One of the first things I always try when I go to a new place is the Chiles Rellenos.  Its a great benchmark for the overall quality, "tastyness", and value of most everything on the menu.Is the chili fresh and prepared well? (Hatch or not Hatch).  YES, YES, YES good job!  & fresh roasted Hatch chili!!!   Is the chili stuffed with a delectable Mexican cheese mix (or just  jack cheese)?  Well, this place uses a Good mix of jack & something else....no complaints.   What kind of batter? egg? breading?  Not sure but whatever they use it works well.All in all, the Chiles Rellenos here are great!    Beware it's a very spicy dish so don't order it if you don't like it hot!  My hubby ordered the fish & chips?  I know!   But they came and they are beautiful, crispy, large, flaky, flavorful, awesome!  Looks like they do a good job with everything on the menu!
5	Great quality food especially for the price, excellent service by our server James H. I haven't had such good service from a server in a long time, he's fantastic and it made my mine and my girlfriends evening even better.. Thanks James.. Oh and I must recommend the Cowboy Meatloaf. Super good and worth every penny.
4	My favorite Mexican restaurant . I've been going here for about 5 years and eat hear every week! I love the carne asada and I love the beans. I just finish a carna asada burrito for lunch. The carna asada is tender and not chewy. The people are very great too. Will be back next week.
5	This is one of the coolest places I have ever been to. It's like entering a cave, or cavern. The menu has lots of New Mexico inspired dishes. I went for happy hour. The drinks were great! I had some happy hour appetizers including the potstickers and they were devine. They had a wonderful sauce to dip them in. I also had a shredded chicken quesadilla. It was packed with chicken and cheese. The service was great and the food was too! This is a cool spot to hang out.
5	This place is in my top 5 favorite places to eat in Scottsdale!!! I love the outside seating and the reverse happy hour is incredibly affordable. The food is phenomenal, we had the chicken quesadilla and the filet mignon tacos; never had anything like it!! This is all around a great place, service is always up to par and there's nothing bad on the menu (even though I haven't had every item) in my opinion this restaurant can do no wrong. I can't wait to go back, I'd eat there once a week if I lived in Scottsdale!!
3	Ordered fajitas-pretty good My sister go chilie relleno- even betterIt's kinda cool here outside seating-although river feels a little cheesy/man made/disney like-I don't really get it? Seemed a little pricey $15 meals-They are huge thoughFor 3 women we barely ate half our meal so definitely we should have split 3 meals with 5 drinks total (3 house wines & 2 beers) was $75 plus tip $90 total seemed stiff to me but I live in Gilbert with 3 little kids so maybe I am bad judge of eating out pricing ??? They should really give out free chips & salsa-If they start doing that then I would give them 4 stars
4	Food was impressive.  I went here for the sopapillas and was not impressed with them.  But!!!  everything else was great.  Very flavorful.  Not too spicy, but my tastebuds needed water everyonce in a while.Would recommend if you are looking for good New Mexican food.
5	Love the burger and mango margarita.
5	I am from NM and this place brings me home. The enchantment platter is unreal, also love the green chile stew, the sopapillas w/ honey. Osso Bucco is great. It's not officially "mexican" food, it's "NEW" Mexican food, but take my advice, next time you have what you think is a yearning for "mexican" food, just head straight over to this place instead. Great patio when the weather is nice.
5	Carne adovada? Yes please. Easily the best "mexican" food I've ever had. Most mexican food tastes the same to me, except this place. It's just so good. Awesome patio too. There's pretty much no reason not to go here.
5	We were able to watch the sunset by sitting on the upper deck.  This extra perk was a great addition to our dinner.  I had the salad with jalapeno bacon and chicken, can't remember the name, but it was excellent.  My husband had the meatloaf.  Our service was excellent and pleasant.  The little stream isn't the greatest, but the little fountains make a pleasant sound.  Great restaurant for the price and amount of food.
5	Great service and amazing food. I will be going back!!!!
4	Def gotta check this place out. I was visiting and got lucky and was able to sit outisde on a October Night. Outside setup is pretty cool in the night time. I can see how it looks cheesy in the day time. Food: Mac & Cheese was excellent, and the green chile in the food was amazing. The stacked enchiladas was excellent as well. Food was a great temperature and flavor was well above par.
5	Great place. Service was prompt and courteous. The food could be considered a little on the spicy side (for the novices) but for those with a trained palate, it was delicious. All you need to bring is your appetite. Can't wait to go back.
5	Amazing food, amazing service, and amazing atmosphere!  Highly recommend the green chili cheeseburger, the green chili mashed potatoes, and the crab stuffed peppers were to die for!  Will definitely be eating here A lot!!!
4	I love the Mexican food here. The food is very spicy and well prepared. Our service was good. I like to sit inside in the dining room. You can sit in a booth and hear the conversation without having to shout at each other. We will come back soon.
5	I've been coming here for years - dating back to when it was in an old coffee shop on Scottsdale Road before they moved into the current Bat Cave - and the food never disappoints. The stacked enchiladas are my favorite, complete with the fried egg on top to make everything better. The carne avobada is always tender, and all of the dishes pack plenty of heat. Service is friendly. You can't come to Scottsdale and not eat here at least once.
2	I always have hope for this place because the location is perfect for me, and it seems like they have the right theme going for a decent restaurant, but I'm always let down every time I've tried it. The last time I went I sat in the bar area expecting to get faster service, but it was the exact opposite. They kept forgetting about our drinks, it took over 20 minutes to get our food, no refills, didn't ask if I wanted another beer, and then we couldn't even find our waiter when we were done to get our tab which ended up taking 15 minutes. The food wasn't great & it was kind of cold. If I hadn't of waited so long I would have sent it back. It was obvious that are disappearing waiter forgot about our food & it probably sat there getting cold.The location is still great for me, so I'll probably try it again like an idiot. Who knows maybe I'll have a better experience next time, but for now I feel that 2 stars is being generous.
3	Calrsbad Tavern was good. I'd heard a lot about it before going, so my expectations were high. The food was a little pricier than I think it was worth. I did enjoy the multiple salsas they offer with the chips in salsa (thanks for the check-in offer on yelp). I had the combo (enchilada, chile, and burrito) so I could get a good variety. The food had good flavor, but there wasn't anything very special about the dish.
4	Small, local bar with New Mexican food. We went for happy hour on a Monday and ordered chicken quesdaillas and chicken nachos. The service was amazing. The bartender was our server and a hostess for the restaurant. Despite her having to hustle and bustle all around the restaurant, she kept up a happy and a very pleasant attitude and she kept an eye on our food and drinks at all times.They had great beer on tap for hh ($3). The food was good but kind of heavy, but my husband said that New Mexican food is like that. I think we found our local reverse happy hour spot.
3	My husband had heard of this place from a co-worker of his. New Mexican? I had no idea. So is it Mexican food made in a "new" way? Or food from New Mexico? I wasn't sure.We got to the parking lot and I must say, I was immediately turned off. Cheesy decor outside and even cheesier decor on the inside. It smelled like if they just cleaned the place down, so I couldn't smell any food, only flowers and botanical junk.We decided to stay anyway. The menu wasn't appealing at all, but maybe it was because I was already turned off. I ordered the fajita quesadilla (i think that's what it was called) and the Tequila shrimp. To my surprise they were both very very good. Very well seasoned for both dishes. I had also tried the house made sangria. Skip it, it tastes like hawaiian punch. Way too sweet.All in all, the food we had was good. If you are in the neighborhood and your expectations are not high go ahead and try it. But if your dining experience includes decor and ambience, then go somewhere else.
3	I think the prices are a little high but the outside patio is fantastic. I think happy hour here is good, but it only goes until 6 pm. I've had a good number of things off their menu:- Tacos: Three tacos for $14 is a little too pricey to me for what they are, but the same dish for $7 at HH is spot on. The black beans are incredibly tasty (lots of spices and vegetarian), and the tacos are traditionally what you would expect. They subbed in vegetarian mexican rice for the meat for me, which was great. Love the guacamole on them, but otherwise standard ingredients for tex mex.- Chips, salsa, & guacamole: Good but I hate paying for chips & salsa at a mexican food place, especially one whose prices should afford a free basket. The guacamole is delicious. The salsas are pretty good, nothing to write home about but good all the same.- Nachos: My friends love this dish, it's giant and enough to feed two. Unfortunately there aren't much of toppings on it besides the meat, beans, & cheese.- French fries: These are AMAZING! You get a heaping amount with a burger and they are perfection. Soft on the inside, beer battered or otherwise some kind of crust crusty on the outside, and perfectly seasoned. I'm pretty sure I'd be happy to make a meal out of their french fries, guacamole, and beer. So I recommend it for an outdoor happy hour if you can manage to get there early enough to enjoy it, otherwise there are a lot of good places at the same or less price in Old Town.
1	We've been to Carlsbad a number of times. The location is great and the nachos are fantastic. However, let me explain why we won't be going back:1. The service is atrocious. We have gone in groups of 15 and as a couple and either way, the service sucks. I understand when there is a big group that service will be slower, but not bringing in 2 servers for extra large groups is just dumb. We ordered HALF the beers we could have because our server was never around! The food orders have taken 20-40 minutes! It's just insane. This is also when the restaurant does not appear busy. 2. The manager was a jerk. He mocked my husband and insulted some of our friends.  3. I personally would prefer to see some "lighter" options on the menu. There are 3 or 4 salads and that's about it. If you don't want a salad, then you better not be on a diet. Overall, we are disappointed with the service. I don't go out often, but when I do I expect better.
4	On a Wednesday night around 7 p.m..we sat at the bar and ordered a bunch of food that was served promptly. Our bartender/waitress was nice and polite. I would definitely go back again.   Try the beer battered fries and the chocolate bread pudding, you won't regret it.
4	Came across the name of this restaurant and realized I had been here before.  I can't for the life of me remember what I ate but I do recall thinking that I wanted to go back.  The food was good--not excellent--but really good.  Loved the atmosphere too.  It was a fun environment to eat in.
3	I've been here twice and both times the food has been great! I would say that the carne adobada is definitely my favorite.  The first time I went for breakfast and the food was great, parking was easy to find and our server was incredibly friendly, however, this was not the case the second time I went. The second time, I had to use the valet parking as their lot is pretty small, as mentioned by others.  The service was horrible and the waiter was incredibly rude.  Even though the food was great that time, the server had a way of ruining the experience for us and it makes me think twice about going back.  Upon leaving I had to wait 10 minutes for the valet guy to bring my car around as he was out of sight and no one seemed to know where he was.
5	Excellent late night dining menu. Can't wait to go back during their regular hours. Service was great. Steven was our server and did a great job. Great margaritas!! :)
3	The green chile sauce has a lot of flavor but the pork really is rather bland.  I opted to get the enchantment platter(?) - basically a try everything plate.  By far the best thing was the chicken enchiladas.  It had good flavor, the meat was moist and seasoned.  Yum..  The pork stuff chile was decent too though a bit on the bland side.  I asked for pico de gallo which helped it a bit.  The carne acevedo(?) burrito wasn't bad, but even more on the bland side.  The sopapilla that came with the platter was pretty good, I didn't even put honey on it.  The worst thing about the plate was all the cheese.  I'm a fan of molty cheese, but this was just way too much.  There had to be like half a block on the plate.We also tried the green chile pork stew which was decent..  The chile had a pretty big kick.  Somehow the dish didn't come together well.  Just tasted like veggie soup with green chile salsa in it.  The worst thing was the pork that was overcooked and dry in it.  The pricing is a bit high, even for happy hour.  The atmosphere and menus are creative.  The service was pretty good when we went, but we were there early for lunch (~11am).  Decent place, maybe I'll try the nachos next time.
3	This place is really a neat experience; from the water entryway to the busy inside decor.  I remembered food here being awesome so I drug along my fiance after four peaks was a zoo, and we decided to go elsEwhere. The wait was only fifteen minutes for a table,  so we opted to get a drink at the bar in the meantime.  There were three bartenders working,  yet none of them seemed to be in any hurry to get us beverages.  After five minutes of awkwardly staring at the bartender he finally came our way.  A hop knot and casadores margarita cost $15. Overpriced; welcome to scottsdale. We were finally called and were seated in the last booth next to both the bathroom and the server station.  Im not sure why they thought anyone would want to sit within earshot of server gossip,  but it certainly wasn't prime real estate.  Our server was nice but extremely slow.  We unlocked the free chips and salsa yelp deal;  for a place that prides themselves in some spicy dishes,  both salsas were bland and certainly seemed store bought.  Thank goodness they were free.  The entrees were the saving grace of this restaurant,  although don't come here starving because it took around 40 minutes to get our food. We had the cowboy meatloaf and carne asada plate;  both were so good we literally couldn't stop eating it! Drool! We got the fried ice cream which was pretty good,  but not the best I've ever had.  We will come back for the awesome entrees and hope service improves.
4	This is a great place!  It's one of those places you could drive past every day for the rest of your life and never know how cool it is.  I did for years...just wondering about the name and thinking that I needed to try it.  Then, a way long time back..I took a friend there for dinner.  What a blast!  Not sure what time of year but a perfect weather to dine alfresco.  So we sat outside and the hours fairly cruised by as we ate from one end of the menu to the other.  The food was pretty good too!  Everything we tried tasted great. I think!  The drinks were good..I can swear to that.  So a few months go by and I try it again.  Second verse, same as the first!  The food was good, the service was good!Anyhow, in the intervening years, CT has never failed me. For me, it has always been kind of a fun place to take someone who has never been there.  The outside gives no indication of how cool the interior is.  I will keep heading back and recommend it pretty highly!
5	Great margaritas and the Carne Adovada Plate is amazing!
3	Had the carne adovada plate which was good but needed a bit of salt. My friend had the veggie enchiladas that he said were very good. Now let's talk about the inside waterfall! We were sat right next to it, which means we were in a spotlight. It's a little sad looking and was foaming. The fake fern plant was backwards and looked a little decrepit. Our night also started with the hostess sitting us and then five minutes later coming up and saying she made a mistake and asked us to get up. She did buy us our first round of drinks though. We then got placed next to the waterfall in the spotlight. It took the waitress about 7 minutes to come greet us at the table after we were sat at the correct one. All in all though, we did have a great night. The food was decent, but the company was better.
3	Dropped a star maybe it was just an of day but my food wasn't as good as past experiences. The near was greasy and the rice andbeans seemed kinda old.  The lunch prices are west over priced and the specials are horrible for lunch.  Sandwiches no discounted burritos so my lunch with tip and tax was $17 with only water.
2	A for atmosphere. This place has great ambiance from the moat to the dark cave-like rooms. However the food left a lot to be desired. We got the blue corn enchiladas and chile rellenos. Just meh. Nothing special. Plus I hate places that don't offer chips and salsa for free. Won't be back.
1	I really wanted to only give this restaurant a half star, but Yelp does not allow that. To begin, I don't even know how this place has 4 stars and falls under "Mexican food." I arrived at this place under the false pretense  that I could get some decent Mexican food. How wrong I was. First, I thought we would receive chips and salsa when the water came out, but I was wrong that would be at an additional $3. I ordered a bean and cheese burrito with red sauce. While you would think this would be an easy ask it seemed to be very difficult to do. While the server was very nice in getting this done the burrito was HORRIBLE! The beans tasted as if they were thrown from the can to the stove for about 2 min and then out to us. The rice was crunchy and did not taste like regular spanish rice. Needless to say I will not be back for Mexican food.
5	Just jumping on the Yelp bandwagon, and figured I would start with this location! This place was truly stellar. We live in the nearby neighborhood, and decided to walk here for dinner and drinks. So glad we did! The atmosphere was awesome, the food (and portion size) was fantastic, and Liz the bartender is A+++. Definitely returning again!
4	Such a great Mexican-American food restaurant. If you're looking for a nice but casual Mexican food place that is a little different, go to Carlsbad. I recommend sitting outside, they have a pleasant waterfall and stream under a bridge and just an overall relaxing atmosphere. They food is also terrific of course, though a lot of items lean toward the hotter side (even their black beans side is spicy). My favorite's are the Southwest Patty Melt & Chipotle Stroganoff Chicken Pasta, terrific. Great for family dinner or a date.
1	This place is ridiculous. It's like a New Mexico Disney land and the food is comparable to hospital cafeteria style mexican food. It's dreadful and just pathetic. Really just a waste of time.
5	I love this place great food and friendly service. The owner of this place even came up to my table to make sure we were happy. Its a great place for the whole family.
4	This place is great for ambiance food and service. The adovada is hot but wonderful and the chocolate bread pudding is amazing. Its a dark cave on the inside and waterfalls on the outside... wonderful for a date or a family gathering. Just make sure you like food a little spicy :). Would have been full 5 stars, but the price is a hair high for what you get. However, the place is always busy, so I guess it may be priced right for the area....
5	The Red River Chicken lunch is awesome!  It's spicy but that's the way I like it.  The patio area is really cool!
5	We stopped by here before a spring training game and we had already eaten, so I can only review the service and the drinks. First off this place is really cool to hang out in. We sat outside in the sun with the water going and some music playing. It was really nice. All of the servers were quick and awesome. I did the make your own bloody mary bar and the guys had beers. It was a good pour of vodka and plenty of add-ons for the drink. I then had a mimosa which was good. The guys got some food which looked awesome but I was too full to even try. Fiance got tequila shrimp (I think that's what it was called) but its an app of grilled shrimp on a bed of black beans. We don't go to this side of town very often but I hope I get to go back here since the menu looked awesome.
5	Great find! This place has a lovely outdoor seating area by a fountain that turns into a little stream you can dine next to. Outdoor bar and outdoor tvs. The servers were friendly, the food was out fast, and the quality was great.
2	Came into this joint and figured by the ratings, this place would be more than just mediocre. Bummer!I came in at 11PM and I'm not sure if it was a bad time of day or what but when we walked in...nobody was there to greet us so we just sat in the bar area. Second bummer! This lady was super drunk yelling across the bar and obviously belligerent. The bartender didn't seem to care at all. This lady even spoke about how she was drinking and driving home. Say whattttt? Get a taxi! Anyways, food was mediocre as well. Nachos were just chicken, cheese, and meat. No green onion, no tomato, no guac. Give me some colors on my nachos! Service was nothing stupendous either and they charged my friend $3 for a ramekin of a measly scoop of guac. That was our last straw. I will admit their margaritas were killer though. That may have been the reason for my extra star.Los siento, Carlsbad Tavern!
5	Great food! Always excellent service.I always get the Red River Chicken for lunch. Great with the perfect amount of spice so that my mouth starts to burn a little just when I'm about to finish.You can't beat the chicken chimi on Tuesdays.I've eaten there with co-workers during lunch, on date night with spouse, and even taken the entire familyEating outside is great as long as no one is smoking and it's not too hot
5	Picture this... it's the evening after a long day in the sun, lots of walking, lots of sight-seeing, lots of day-drinking and oh so many Scottsdale sun dresses.  Now it's almost midnight.  You're hungry, but you're also not in any shape to drive.  Well, if you're fortunate enough to live within walking distance of this joint, you're in for a treat.Right when you get past the parking lot, you feel like you're in line at Disneyland or Universal Studios.  There is running water, fake caverns and bridges taking you everywhere.  Plenty of tvs too but I was focused on one thing, lots of icewater and now it's time to talk about their green salsa (that happens to come for free along with chips and a yelp check in - BOOM).In my 36 years, I have been partial to red salsa ever since I can remember.  That's only because I hadn't yet tried this one.  It's like the perfect blend of tomatillo, jalapeno and green chiles... best I've ever had.  The waiter even brought out a 2nd tub due to our inhaling it in mere moments.  So good - I can't even explain.  If you ONLY come here for the green salsa and the New Mexican potstickers you are winning at life.I realize that maybe some of my taste buds were off due to that much day drinking, but I am convinced that whenever anything is the "best I've ever had" it's my duty to shout from a rooftop so my fellow friends and yelpers alike can also enjoy.  I don't remember which entree I ordered, and it was too difficult to determine what it was when I finished it off yesterday - but it was also tasty.  I will be back, and will be dreaming of that green salsa until that happens.
4	I've been a fan of Carlsbad Tavern since the old location on Scottsdale Road, circa 1996. I like New Mexican food and have found them to be very consistent throughout the years. My favorite dish is the Red River Chicken. It has a kick to it and is topped with the most amazing Cilantro Pesto, yum! All of their salads & sandwiches are great and the Green Chile Mashed Potatoes are delish. My only complaint is that the Red River Chicken isn't offered on the dinner menu, really wish they would change that!The restaurant has a nice outdoor eating area as well as cozy booths in the bar. With all the traditional Mexican food in the area, it's nice to have some variety and New Mexican style at Carlsbad Tavern.
3	Cute place and good food, the green chile Mac was to die for. Would have definitely give this 4 stars but our service was just horrible. It was late night so it was empty, which would make it seem simple to serve us. But I got attitude on several occasions. When I asked about the free chips and salsa for checking in I got eyes rolled at me. And the same when I asked for to go boxes. I don't know maybe he was mad we weren't ordering alcohol? Either way the food was good and the hot sauce was bomb we took two bottles home with us. I would come back but hopefully get a better server!
4	This place is great. Service can be a little slow on the patio but otherwise the food is fantastic. The New Mexican pot stickers are amazing if you never had a highly suggest you try them. I always order the chimichanga even though everything else is great I cannot resist. Even typing this out makes me want to go eat one right now, dammit I gotta go.
3	Finally tried you guys last week. Won't go back though. Wanted to watch the only NBA playoff game at the bar but, 3 TV's were on hockey and someone was watching golf ( played 10 hours ago and was taped). Did not honor the yelp check in nachos until the third request and, couldn't get my easy drink order right or fill our water glasses.  You need some serious staff training. Food is good and nice venue.
2	Ordered the nachos and the veggie enchiladas, and 2 margaritas.  The beans on the nachos were incredibly salty - could not eat without drowning them in sour cream.  The dinner plate was loaded with so much cheese you could choke from it... unhealthy and fattening meal, and unfortunately the taste, quality of food, or flavor did not justify the calories.   The atmosphere is very nice, unfortunately the food made it such that I'll never return.  Service was good overall.  The manager walked over to ask us how we were doing, but didn't stay long enough to hear the answer.  Enjoyed the 80's alternative music.
4	Came here with a group of 10, and it took a while for them to seat us even though the restaurant was "empty" in my opinion. But other than that, the food was good, the waiter was attentive, and no one had a complaint.
5	A south Scottsdale classic. Good food and chill vibe..
5	Fun building to be in and great, fresh mexican food.  This place is off the main strip of old town but worth the detour.
1	Went to celebrate an  early Mother's Day  and wanted to try somewhere new to us!  Won't go back... Food was terrible.. Lobster enchilada and they forgot the lobster. All u could taste was corn tortilla, thick, and dry .  Meatloaf was over cooked, green chile burger was flavorless.  The nachos and  beer were the best part.  Sorry to my family for wasting your money.
1	Zero stars. Ugh. Just don't go. Dirty. Found a hair in my food. Need I go on? Ok... I will. Ordered their signature pork dish. It was literally floating in grease. I've never seen anything like it and I grew up on Georgia! Found a long black curly hair in my rice. Hubby found a hair in his guacamole. After seeing 4 stars on Yelp we figured it was worth trying. Not sure if it used to be cool or what. We will never go back. Totally disgusting.
3	If you are looking for an authentic southwest atmosphere do not come here. I would compare this to a Joes Crab Shack southwest style.  The decor was very cheesy. While the food was of good quality it was way overpriced. Did I mention it is overpriced? One and done with this place!
4	As long as we have lived in AZ , we had never gone to Carlsbad Tavern and decided to check it out last week when we were on way home from doctor's app't in Scottsdale.  It was a pleasant surprise and must say that the wait staff was so friendly and nice.  I got the shrimp with rice rather than beans and it was a bit 'hot' but nothing I was unhappy with.  Good taste!  My husband had the patty melt with fries and he said his was very good also.  I ate some of his fries and they were very tasty.  We would recommend it and will definitely go back. They had a steady clientele so that was a good sign as far as I was concerned.
5	We absolutely LOVED Carlsbad Tavern! We weren't sure what to expect by the name, but we were pleasantly surprised when we walked in. It was late in the evening and we sat on the patio, which has a really cool ambience with the fireplace, palm trees and water features. We enjoyed a few cocktails from the Late Night menu, and at the suggestion of our server, we ordered the New Mexican pot stickers. All I can say is they were amazing. The sauce was so good, I could've seriously licked the plate clean if I knew no one was watching! (Lol) The only downfall is that we found this place on the LAST night of our vacation, otherwise we would've been back at least one more time. The atmosphere, service and food here is simply outstanding. Try this place, you won't be disappointed!!!
4	This place has the best dish of all time... Blue corn enchiladas. You can never go wrong when ordering this delicious treat. I've come to Carlsbad many many times and I always order the same dish. The food is consistent and the patio is perfect for date night. Be careful when sitting outside when it's hot out because of the Mosquitos. Those lil suckers bite me every time. You can subside the annoying pain with more margaritas.
3	great atmosphere and staff but food was subpar
4	The food is very good, the margaritas hit the spot, and the service is great.  The atmosphere is a little cheesy but overall it's a great place to go!!
5	Tolan the manager is always super friendly! I've been going to Carlsbad for years so I am a regular, but that started because the service is friendly and the food is great. This is a very popular joint that's been around because they do what they can to please their customers. I'm surprised with some of the okay reviews (but you can't please everyone) maybe those people were having a bad day. Also a heads up the food is tasty and there are some dishes with some spice/flavor, that you may not think of so I always ask if it's spicy. You should go in this place if you haven't already. Yum!
5	I love coming to Carlsbad tavern , I work late, and they have a great late night happy hour and menu! That all being said, the MAIN reason any person in a twenty mile radius should wander into this fine establishment, is the wonderful bartender Liz. She is friendly, funny, and slings drinks like a pro! She is a true asset to the company and truly the best bartender in all of Phoenix!
1	I live right next door and thought I would try it out. Got the blue corn enchiladas, there was no sauce so the chicken was dry. Asked if the chicken was shredded and they said yes and of course it was cubed. I also asked for no beans and they threw them all over my plate. I gave one star for the spiceyness and cheese. They were also rude to me when I brought my dog, when they have no sign on their building that says that you can not have a dog there. What place in Arizona doesn't allow dogs on the patio?
5	Loved my meal here! I did a random search while on the road and found this gem. Finally good Mexican food that's actually spicy and flavorful! I ordered the Enchantment platter and was not disappointed. I enjoyed every bite, service was great and my drink was not watered down, hurray!
5	I've wanted to try this place for a long time.  I've driven by a number of times but never was able to talk anyone into going with me.  We were out spending a day doing shopping in Scottsdale and drove by on the way home.  I mentioned it to my wife and she agreed to try it.  As we walked in we both exclaimed that this was a really cool little place.  The interior is like a cave and there is running water everywhere which I love.Our waitress promptly sat us and took our drink order.  Our drinks came back very quickly which was perfect.  We ordered some chips/salsa for an appetizer and a couple of the chicken salads.  The chips and salsa arrived quickly and our drinks were refilled.  The salsa was awesome and the chips had a spice on them.  Most of the items in the restaurant are a little on the spicy side so if you don't like spice your menu selection may be limited.  They may be able to make something less spicy for you too but we didn't ask.  Our drinks were refilled two more times before the salads arrived.  The salads were excellent.  They were huge and had a wonderful flavor.  The chicken in both was very tender with a crisp outside.  Our drinks never went empty and our waitress was incredibly nice.  This was the best service I've had at a restaurant in a long time!  I wish all service was like this.  We ate half of our salads and took the rest along with the remainder of the chips to go.  The waitress talked with us as she boxed up the rest of our meals which was a nice touch.  I even tipped over 20% because I was so impressed by the service.  As we were heading out we were thanked for dining there by a lady at a table (perhaps an owner or manager) which was also nice.The awesome food, incredibly friendly staff, and decoration of this place will keep us coming back.  I'm glad I finally tried this place and look forward to many more visits!
5	Best carne adovada plate Ive had in AZ. They have a ton of spicy food selections that I love. If you are brave enough, try the habanero burger, it will light you up! They also have a great patio with a pond, waterfall and bridge to an outside bar. Cool place my family all get together for dinner
5	Alawys l;ove this place only had one bad meal, the pork relleno had bery tough pork on the inside.  I mentioned it to the manager and she agreed.  I hope they fixed it.  I now go to Richardsons for the pork relleno.  Other dishes at carsbad are excellent
5	The food, and the bartender Daryl,  were amazing.  If you like a green chili and spicy, this is your place!!! Yummy!
5	This place is a hidden gem! Everything on the menu is awesome! The boneless wings are money! They are open late night which is great for a late night snack! Full bar and great food what else could you ask for?? Try it you won't be sorry!
4	Had a great time a the Tavern.  Liz was our bartender and she was awesome!!! Having lived in New Mexico for 3 years I get the craving every once in a while and decided to come check this place out.  The venue itself is quite surprising as it has water features and a neat decor I wasn't expecting from the strip mall location.  The food was great I enjoyed their green chile, but wished it had been a bit hotter.  I had a sampler type combo dish for dinner, everything was great if I had only one complaint, it would be that I wish I had the choice of pinto or black beans instead of just getting black beans.  The chile was good, as was the salsa, I knocked a half star off for the straight out of the bag chips.  Well worth a visit, and overall 4.5 stars.
4	Went back for a happy hour at night and the food is still pretty good and tasty. The regular Happy Hour prices are still lower than the late night happy Hour and the menu's are different. On this visit, tried the three chicken tacos which were loaded with spiced chicken inside fresh tortillas. The chicken quesadilla was stuffed like no other quesadilla and was very filling. Used the free chips check-in and it turned out to be a quite a satisfying late night meal. Also, a $5 vodka soda was large sized and hit the spot.
5	This is my favorite neighborhood restaurant.  We live nearby and try to stop in for Happy Hour or dinner once a week.  We especially enjoy the bar area after a hot day of golf, although the patio is fun if weather permits.  It is a casual place, which suits us just fine.  My favorite dishes are the stacked enchiladas and the Osso Bucco, although I also enjoy their appetizers: quesadillas (filet or chicken) and the crab cakes.  Their dishes have a nice spicy/smoky flavor, spicier than traditional regular Mexican food.  It's an affordable and friendly place and the food is consistently good.
1	It had been years since we had visited this location; upon a spur of the moment decision, my husband and I decided to drop in for dinner with our young son.  Upon entering, much to my surprise the place looked just about empty; then again it is a Tuesday night.  The host greeted us warmly and offered us a booth which we eagerly accepted.  Once seated, it was clear that the only positive experience of the visit was the host.We sat for at least ten minutes without being acknowledged.  At first we patiently enjoyed one another's company as we all came in in good spirits.  Finally my husband asked the bartender (who was close by) who would be taking care of us.  The bartender graciously came over to take our drink order while we awaited our (absent) server.  We each ordered a margarita without salt, which he repeated back to us and then promptly brought two heavily salted margaritas.  At this point I was grateful just to get service and proceeded to wipe the salt off of the rim to enjoy my drink...That was until our absentee waiter, Tyler came over with a condescending smirk and absolutely no apologies.When my husband asked him why it was that we had not been acknowledged, he actually leaned into my husband's personal space and smirked again and stated ver batem: "What do you want me to do about it?".  My husband politely replied that we simply wanted to place an order...His reply: "Well I have a whole other dining room full of guests besides you." (followed by another smirk and again, leaning into my husband's personal space).At that, we got up to leave.  We have now arrived at Los Sombreros where the ambiance is night and day.  Here too we have fond memories and yet have not revisited in years.  So far the service and food is above and beyond our expectations.  The entire staff has been more than warm and welcoming. (Review soon to follow).  Do yourself a favor and skip Carlsbad Taverns where there is a snooty feeling of entitlement amongst the supposed 'servers' and a complete lack of regard or decency in general. Take the short drive only a few minutes up the road to Los Sombreros where you are welcomed, treated and fed like family.
4	Great food, big portions and nice price. We had nachos, a patty melt, and some beers. Fun atmosphere.
4	Love this place. Surprised I haven't reviewed it already. I would say this is in my top few places to take visitors. You have the fountain, the bat cave thing going on, the outside seating around the water, and awesome food on top. Inside, you feel  like you are in an old lodge, adorned with license plates, memorabilia, fun things to ogle at while you swallow beer. Lots of beer. Because its great for drinking. The bartender is on top of things. No wings here, unless you order the BBQ chicken, which I did. I order this most often when I go after breakfast. They make a spicy sauce and roast a half chicken to perfection, served with slaw and mac and cheese sides. The mac and cheese is a SW style, try it. Yummy to the bottom. You can order a whole bowl if you are carb-loading.I have tried many other things, they have really good burgers, many with a SW feel. If you really want a treat, come for breakfast where they make these twisted benedicts and burritos that look like they came off a magazine cover. You will always bring food home and always have a nice time because, well. because there is lots of beer here. Fun, fun place.
5	Awesome food! I'm partial to New Mexico's style of southwestern/mexican cuisine and Carlsbad does it right. Just had the enchantment platter, chicken blue corn enchilada with green chile, carne adovada burrito, and a chile relleno with a side of rice & beans and sopapilla. They'll top it off with the requisite fried egg if you ask too. Everything was fantastic,  service was great, and the atmosphere is fun. Highly recommended!
4	Indoors the dining area has a chill cave feel, outside has a nice little stream. Local beer on tap, the food has a strong kick so order with caution.
5	Love this place! They have a great late night staff, atmosphere, and menu! A must go to place in Scottsdale, whether visiting or a local.
5	My husband & I love this place. The enchiladas are amazing and so is enchantment platter. They do put a ton of cheese on everything so be mindful of that.
2	Ehhhh...I was luvin up on the vibez with all the bat deco and waterfall but I wouldn't go out of my way for the food. The rice was undercooked, chicken was flavorless, and the beans looked like bat skat. The chimi was average and a tad spicy. Their bat brew was alright... A bit sour. My friend had a random ass vegetable in his burrito (broccoli). Maybe they thought the bat brew would help us forget but nah boo. Leaving the restaurant felt like exiting a Disneyland ride. Maybe if they put forth more effort towards the food than the atmosphere then maybe I'll try it again.
5	Always great food. Spicy Mexican for him and amazing seafood or a great salad for me.
5	We visit here about once every few months. Love this place. Ambiance is fabulous. Hours are late. Service excellent. Our favorites are the chips and two salsas, the new mexican potstickers, and the machaca red chile chimichunga. We've deviated from getting this exact thing once in awhile but keep going back to this combo. LOVE IT! I, personally, cannot say enough about the potstickers. It's the strangest combination and it shouldn't work, but it DOES! I crave them. I crave them NOW. I keep trying to remember to order them after my entree, as they would be a perfect compliment after the machaca which can sometimes be very spicy. But, the sopapillas are also a perfect meal ender after spiciness. We once had an issue with the salsa being bitter, but found that they forgot to add sugar when mixing it. The owner/manager was right on top of it and comped it - so no complaint there, in the end. Service is always exceptional. We always just show up, without a reservation and never have an issue getting a table - even when it looks to be packed. I love this place! Wish we would go more often but it really is something special and we want to keep it that way. You're bat crazy (HA!) if you don't visit this place at least once. And, get those potstickers!!!
3	I liked the outside seating although it is too hott for me to try it. Free chips and salsa with checking in over yelp was nice, the server wasn't the most impressive as she had a serious case of resting bitch face. Shared tacos during happy hour and they were really good. However 8.00 on a happy hour menu for three small tacos was a little ridiculous.
2	Yikes. This place is cool looking, and has nice service- but the food is totally lacking. My friend and I went for lunch and were seated within a few minutes. I saw there was a free chips & salsa with Yelp check in. I requested that, with a side of guac. I was told that the guac would be $5. Seemed kinda steep but maybe they make it super well- so I ordered it. Guac arrives and it is in a small cup- that could fairly be priced at 2-3 bucks- if it's quite good. This stuff was like a movie prop- it looked right but had 0.0 flavor. It was so odd. In addition to being a small serving, & having no flavor - there were also two golf ball sized chunks of underripe avocado. Like you couldn't cut then with a knife. So weird. Literally no flavor. How do you fug up guac? It's avocado, garlic, salt, lime, onion, some type of pepper. Not here though. For lunch I had the red chilie chimi. Again- it looked nice- but really lacking in flavor and crispness of the tortilla. That came with rice and beans- both passable but that's about it. Throughout- our server was sweet and did a nice job, without which I could only leave one star. Oddly when the bill arrived our chips and salsa were on there. Our server told us she would take them off when we pay. It's weird because if you're planning your tip off the total- but the total is off by nearly four bucks?..... Also the $5 guac was now $6 on the bill. So our chips and salsa were "free" but a small side of anemic guac was $6?  It's sad when the guac at Chipolte crushes this restaurant.  So buyer beware- cool atmosphere, weak food. In the future when I'm seeking New Mexican cuisine I will hit up Richardson's in Phx.
1	So came here for a friends birthday. Yes we were a larger party (15 people) however we had called ahead and told server ahead of time for the check splitting. The server was not attentive. We sat for extended periods without drinks. Our water glasses were filled though because the busser was amazing.  Half the table waited for almost 40 mins to get the checks and to pay and there was still confusion about who's check was who's.  Will think again before coming here. Over 3 hours for a dinner..no thank you.
5	Excellent service and food. My wife and I were the only ones sitting outside and we never had to wait for service, food or drink refills.
4	Pork chile stew. I'll start here.  I was nervous at reading the description. I lived in hatch chile country once and I have never heard of potatoes, carrots or corn in my stew.  I understand the potatoes.  But it already had a roux as well. Thicken the stew.  They dolled it up for presentation.  It still made my ears itch.  Spicy the way it should be.Osso bucco.  Thank you.  Lightly sprinkled with cojita cheese.  Cooked down in red chile sauce, it was absolutely delightful.  I still asked for a side of green chile.  Not because the flavor was absolutely perfect, but because I wanted to pour it over the accompanying.  Carrots.  Corn. Zucchini.  And you guessed it, mashed pots.  I'll be back for the osso bucco.  You should go to the tavern for bucco.  But don't tell me how to eat my pork chile stew!  ;)
5	If you like extremely spicy, this is your place. The food was awesome and service was spectacular as well!.
3	Long time guest I've followed Carlsbad from the Scottsdale Road location to Hayden and have found a few go to dishes but in general I think the menu and restaurant is on auto pilot.  Main dishes are good but the sides seem to be limited to beans and rice neither of which are all that good need some variety and creativity as does the rest of the menu.  Not suggesting they need to reinvent the place as they do quite a few things well but shake it up a little.
4	I am one of those ethnic food party poopers who does not want heat in my food seasoning wise-hot spice deadens the taste buds while feeling the burn and i like to taste the nuances in food.  The lobster enchiladas were good but could not be ordered without the heat as they are delivered premade each day. Lobster is not a strong flavor so the heat really masked the seafood's flavor.  The rice and beans accompaniment were also great. Friend in our group raved about the marguerita. will return next time I am in the Phoenix area.almost forgot-great outdoor seating beside a pondlike water structure.
4	Very diverse menu, we've been here 3 times and each time we had a great experience.  Just a heads up if you didn't catch it most dishes have some degree of spice to it for anyone who cant take heat.
5	5 stars because I can't wait to come back. If you enjoy great food and nice people in a non-pretentious atmosphere that brings you back to the southwest, this place belongs on your list of places to try. And if you enjoy spicy food, order the habanero burger.. Fantastic! If you don't do spicy, don't worry. The menu has something for everybody. The theme here is all things New Mexico. Even the bar is made of copper with little red chili Christmas lights creating a really inviting Southwestern ambiance. The menu is paper (which is far more sanitary) and looks like a newspaper. Take the time to read it, it's hilarious!!There is also an extremely cool outdoor area to enjoy drinks with friends & family in the beautiful AZ weather.Ask for Krista in the bar area (bar top & booths), she'll take great care of you!
5	Oh, if only we lived closer to this place. We saw them featured on Check Please Arizona, and my husband grew up in New Mexico and misses that good, zesty food.We arrived at 4:30pm on a Saturday and had our pick of the seating. Fantastic, cozy atmosphere in the dining room. Our waitress was fast and courteous--really, perfect service. I used the Yelp check-in to get the free chips and salsa. Delicious stuff--loved both salsas.Since it was happy hour time, we order ala carte as a family: brochettes, grilled chicken quesadilla, habanero sliders,and New Mexican potstickers. The brochettes were primarily mine and they were awesome. Going back, I'd make that a meal all by itself. The chicken quesadilla was delicious, though the bottom was very crunchy and required the steak knife to cut through. The potstickers were great and not hot-hot but good flavor. I didn't sample the sliders because I can't handle the heat, but my husband loved those and the fries.For dessert, we split the chocolate bread pudding as part of my Bread Pudding Quest. This was a solid entrant. The texture was perfect and the chocolate flavor in the bread was just right. I'm not crazy about butterscotch but it worked well here to add moisture and a touch of sweetness. It's not my favorite bread pudding but it's very good and I recommend it if you're a chocolaholic. I'm pretty sure next time we come here--and there will be a next time--my husband is determined we try the sopas.
5	I enjoyed HH Nachos, Steak Tacos, Crab Cakes, Crispy French Fries and of course their UNBELIEVABLE Fried Ice Cream & Chocolate Bread Pudding (which I don't even usually like but this was bread that tasted like chocolate instead of chocolate on bread so WOW) Great specials, Good enough service.I am so glad I took the advice of whoever told me it was the best Mexican Food in Scottsdale. I was impressed. I did not have time to take photos, I was too hungry and the food was too delicious.Getting used to Southwest Fare where black beans are on all "Mexican Food" is different but I'm game. In KY you also have everything is "Queso AKA Cheese Dip" so the fat white girl in me misses that but again, I can adjust.
1	My sister and I very disappointed. Took about 20mins to long to get our food. Not sure why not that many people there.Plus the worst cheese crisp ever!!!The sever was MIA...finally got our check.P.S. The free chips & salsa when check in not that great at all.
5	We had a good time here tonight.  The service was excellent and the food was great too.The music was the best part, New Wave 80's.
2	We went here in hopes of getting some great New Mexican food, we were disappointed in their green chili sauce, the sopapilla was like flat fried dough, and it was in the shape of a perfect even sided square. All the sopapilla's we've ever had were puffy and odd round shapes. I will give them credit for great service, but would not recommend this as a place to get good authentic New Mexican food.
5	Love this place for a casual lunch. The Tacos and Crab Cake are my favorites. Make sure you try their beans. They are to die for. They have great local selections in beer and nice wines by the glass. Their happy hour pricing is the best in the area!
5	If you haven't been before, you are sure missing out.  A staple in Old Town Scottsdale which is on my frequent list.  Atmosphere, Food and staff are all amazing.  Food has a nice kick to eat and I haven't eaten anything I didn't throughly enjoy.  The patio is a must for a nice Az day with a cold drink.  Everyone who works there is always so happy and friendly.  Once you go once, you will fall in love and become a regular...Enjoy!!!
2	My husband and I ate here on a recommendation from a friend. The food here is ok. They use spiciness as a seasoning so all of the food is too spicy to actually taste the food. My husband really likes spicy food and thought everything was too hot as if to make up for actual seasoning and flavor. He had the pork tenderloin and thought that it was bland. (This is one of the items that didn't have peppers.) even the guacamole has to many peppers. Strangely enough the salsa are too bland. Go figure. By far the best thing on the menu is the Caramel flan. Make sure you ask for the sauce on the side. Another plus, the service was very good.
1	Three of us came in on Saturday October 18 around 1330. We ordered chips and salsa and guacamole. The salsa was too spicy, the guacamole was good. Our Server was nice, but not personable. One of us order the stacked enchiladas, one had a chimichanga and the other other had the blue corn enchiladas. The chicken in the blue corn enchiladas was tough and she only found one shrimp in the other enchilada. The other two plates were not edible due to the spiciness of the sauces. Even before We left the restaurant I felt sick to my stomach. We can all tolerate spiciness, but what we had here was too much. If you are going to serve food this spicy at least give your patrons a warning. I will not be coming back.
5	I want to thank Carlsbad Tavern for a great time on Sunday. My friend and I were watching great football on their direct tv and the service and foods was excellent!  Moving here from out of state, and watching my Nfl team was a greay day. Thanks again Carlsbad Tavern for showing my friend and I (5 *****) service!
3	would come back again, didn't get to eat just had chips & salsa.  Would not get the margarita again.  Good atmaspher
5	Fantastic food... The best Arizona/New Mexico food we have had since moving here. Very Highly recommend!
3	I've had all kinds of dishes here from the Enchantment platter to the tequila shrimp to the lobster linguine special. Every time I come it seems to be even better than the last. Pros:-The restaurant looks like it could be a Disneyland installment. Take that as you will. -Portions are generous, come hungry!-Anything involving lobster or a cream sauce here is a winnerCons:-Anything involving non-seafood meat is dry or overcooked in my book-I personally like higher sauce/veggie-to-meat ratios, but they usually pack their food full of MEAT:) Still love you Tavern. Keep improving!
3	Really nice restaurant/bar in Scottsdale, the staff were super friendly and very attentive.The food was really good, more hangover/comfort Mexican food in my opinion. I would definitely go back to try something different, not sure if it's the "best" quality Mexican food out there but definitely worth the experience here.
5	LOVE Carlsbad Tavern!! It's one of my family's favorite restaurants. Amazing atmosphere and even better food! We have never been disappointed coming here.
4	Ill make this one short - Green Chile Mac & Cheese !!  Oh yeah and service is pretty good too.
4	Nice place, server was fine and food was what I'd hoped, decent. Not exactly hopping on a Thursday night, was hoping for a bit more atmosphere. Overall decent place to grab dinner. Beers on tap seemed a bit limited (about 6).
5	The crushed habanero salsa paste at the Carlsbad Tavern is hotter than the chiseled abs of my athletically built Abercrombie and Fitch style imaginary boyfriend. They brought more tears to my eyes than the last time I drank a bottle of wine, alone, at home watching part two of the hunger games on Netflix. Nooooo Peeta!!! Why must you sacrifice yourself for Katniss?? She is so unworthy!!!
5	Not sure why I haven't been here more often, that will change...great food, great service and extremely clean bathrooms...I'm impressed and will be back
5	Huge fan of Carlsbad Tavern. My boyfriend and I are total night people so them having a late night menu is a definite plus! Liz, Jay, Darryl and Steven are all awesome people who have never let us down! The service is quick and friendly, the food is incredible! I've never had a bad meal from here! Just an overall awesome place to hang out and eat! We try to come once a month and often make it 3-4 times a month!
4	I really like the patio here and am looking forward to sitting next to the fire this winter. I love spicy food and New Mexican food in particular and this place does not disappoint. The copper bar is pretty cool, but the patio is unique and my favorite place to sit. My only complaint is that the several times I have been here service has been fairly slow. The servers were always friendly though. Sitting at the bar things seemed to move a little faster. Overall a local favorite of mine.
2	We are here for spring training. The Potstickers are like a routine out at first , but the runner on third scored with the play. The pork enchilada was soo dry I gave up & spit it out. Think pork jerky. Strikeout there. The thing I liked best, other then the fun decor, was the black beans. Which says alot.
1	We were a party of 10 celebrating a birthday with friends from out of town. The service was so so the food was so so and they never mentioned our birthday guest even though I specifically asked when I made the reservation.  This place is off my list. There are much better places
2	The food was pretty good, though I think it's more accurate to say it is inspired by New Mexican food. They were definitely light on the chili, and it was alright. It didn't help that the item I ordered was supposed to have red chili, I ended up with green instead. I might be spoiled by restaurants back in NM, especially since they use lots of chili. The sopapillas weren't very good, they weren't as light add they would be in NM and they were to sweet. I would need a really good reason to go back here. Next time I want new Mexican food, I'll plan a trip back to NM.
5	I love this place. They serve food till 2am. Are always welcoming in the late hours. Bartender is so friendly. This is my go to place for chips and salsa late at night with dos equis. Such a nice great cozy atmosphere.  A great hidden gem!
2	I really do not understand why the reviews are so good.  The food was very mediocre and it smelled like old beer in the restaurant.  I do not recommend this place.
4	Great restaurant! We went to Carlsbad Tavern on a cold November night and sat by the fireplace. Ambience is amazing, food & drinks great.
4	I came in here with my Grandma. I had the veggie enchiladas, they were fantastic. The service however, was very slow.
5	I have been here several times...my goto is either the chili relleno or the habernero burger...depending on ny mood.  The relleno is stuffed with carnitas and smothered in hatch green chili...awesome.   the burger has chopped haberneros cooked right into the meet and then covered with sliced haberneros....hot but oh so tasty.
4	Nice friendly and laid back not-quite-a-dive bar. We went for the reverse happy hour and they have a nice selection of beers, wine, drinks. Kind of typical bar food but we were ok with that. We got the nachos with chicken which were really good. Service was very friendly and on point. Check it out if you're in town!
4	My mom has been a vegan for past 4 years and has slowly started incorporating meat back into her diet. It was her birthday and really wanted a green chile burger. This place had awesome reviews and overall the whole family was pretty happy. The green chile burrito was huge but very tasty and had just the right spice. $5 margaritas for happy hour were pretty tasty and service was very good! Would definitely come back here and hopefully when it isn't freezing outside will be able to sit on the gorgeous patio.
