1	Horrible!! I took US Airways coming back home from a business trip, in which I had to take connecting flights from DCA to PHX to SFO. My flight was supposed to leave at 7:30pm from PHX and when I go to check-in (upon arrival from DCA), they tell me that my bags from my connecting flight were put on a later flight at 11:00 pm! I even showed them my confirmation/receipt printed out and they told me they couldn't do anything because my bags were put on a later flight to SFO.To top it all off, instead of the nice aisle seat I originally requested on a bigger plane, I got stuck boarding a mini one with a seat in Siberia, next to the lavatory door that wouldn't close and the attendant had to use a pen to keep it shut during take-off. My seat was soiled and the window cover was cracked and you couldn't even pull it down because it was being held up by a crumpled piece of newspaper. It was so uncomfortable and dirty, I didn't even want to lean back into my seat. I almost cried. I've sat on cleaner seats in the BART. HORRIBLE!! Never again.
2	US Air is better than Southwest.   But that's not really a compliment.  Here is the deal.   My work finish early today so we wanted to see if we could exchange our first class tickets from the 4:30 flight  to the flight at 1:30 which still had lots of empty seats in first class.   The gal at the call center said sure, but the change fee would be $100 per person and an addition fee would be imposed for a one way ticket.   Of course, explaining to her that we were just changing the return leg of our ticket home did not constitute a one way ticket.   She informed us that it did... and to the tune of about $400 each.  So, to save 3 hours would have cost us a cool grand.   Nope.  No thanks, but spank you very much for trying that with us.   Oh, it gets better.  We are not seated together in first which is not a big deal.  But we get there 2 hours early and ask to be put together.   The friendly gal at the check in desk says, sure no problem.  Then proceeds to take both our tickets and change my travel companions tickets twice.   So once again, we are seated apart.   We only know this because 30 minutes before we are to board, we read through the boarding passes.  Both were in her name.  Nice.   Oh, BTW, the plane was delayed an hour with no explanation and no warning.   Thanks.   So, realizing the problem, the gate attendant says, yeah, you aren't sitting next to one another.   We, kindly informed her that we were supposed to because when we got our tickets that' s the set up we wanted.   Her reply was to tell the flight attendants and maybe they could do something on the plane.   To make a long story short, because one older lady was kind enough to move, we got to sit next to one another.   In flight, the flight crew took good care of us.   I can't complain about them at all.   They were top notch, but the ground crew isn't supporting them.   Oh and to top it off, when we arrived, it took 30 minutes to get our one checked bag despite the bright "Priority" tag on it.   I guess that doesn't mean much anymore.   C'mon ground crews, get your act together.   Follow the lead of the Flight Crew and give a hoot about your customers.
2	Lost baggage and poor child wrangling. It's all about employee empowerment.I have the patience of the Madonna - all right maybe more like the Material Girl - but I am pretty laid back. After my humbling experience in the wine industry, I've been much more appreciative of service industry related jobs. But when employees are not empowered to answer the most simple of questions, and we're checking in on machines with nobody around to handle luggage, well...it's a disaster waiting to happen. It's an unfortunate thing that is supposed to help in keeping costs down and help with efficiency - but there's been consistent problems with all of my US AIRWAYS flights.Let's throw JFK airport into the mix to help maximize the disaster...we ended up in Orlando. Waiting for our luggage. Luckily our toddler was entertained with the luggage roundabout...because we waited through two flight arrivals to retrieve one bag. Family that met up with us for the 4th assured us US AIRWAYS used a really efficient delivery service...Apparently the lost luggage situation is pretty common.Good thing the baby bug is a trooper when it comes to traveling - because Orlando trips tend to be family-heavy and the on-board US AIRWAYS staff consistently doesn't seem too thrilled to be dealing with even the well-behaved ones.
2	I was an optimist when the America West / US Airways merger news hit the airwaves.  Unfortunately I was a bit too hopeful.  I've traveled a lot for work (and pleasure) so it made sense to stay loyal to one airline and become "Gold Elite" to take advantage of the benefits, namely lots of first-class upgrades, no lines, bonus miles, etc.  A string of events (I won't bore you with the unethical and deceitful details) that took place last week on what was to be an easy non-stop flight from SFO to PHX cemented my negative feelings.  Since the merger took place prices have risen dramatically,  customer service has dropped substantially, and the sunny Arizona airline has been infiltrated with dreary East Coast attitudes.  The stock has tumbled and the outlook is not good.  Everything seemed to be on the up and up before there was any talk of a merger.  Strangely, America West bought out US Airways.  How did they let this demise transpire?  From now on it looks like Kayak.com will decide my airline and flights.
1	So, I fly a lot., nearly 70,000 miles in the past 6 months. Not usually US Airways/America West - only maybe 5 or 6 times with them. But my ONLY horrible airline experiences have both been with them., which is quite a ratio.1. Flew from San Diego to Portland meeting up for a month-long concert tour. I had  my personal things as well as music/sound equipment. Of course, when I land, my luggage didn't. After spending at least an hour trying to get baggage services to help me - they say my luggage is on the next flight, and they will have a courier deliver it to me. I make abundantly clear that I will meet the courier and have it personally handed to me - I don't want it left with security/staff/anyone else (we were at a large rock venue).  They promised to call as soon as my luggage landed, and again when the courier was en route and they would only deliver to me personally.Of course, no call. And I called every hour on the hour till 4 in the morning (when we left for the next city on the tour) - and couldn't get an answer or a call back. Not only did they not call me as promised, OR return any my calls, they apparently DID deliver my bags, but just left them on the door of the venue - EXACTLY what I had stressed not to do. I found this out the next day after calling repeatedly - when we were already in another city. Nobody signed for them even. Never saw my bags again, lost a ton of important gear I needed for work, and was screwed. And then? A HUGE a huge fight with them over the claim. They dishonored the claim for a while since they said they delivered them to the address I specified - despite having a promise in writing to deliver to me by hand. Then they said my claim was with the courier company, not the airline.Then they didn't want to cover anything but clothing and hygiene items.2. Flew from St. Louis to Flagstaff. Had a layover in Phoenix - which is only like a 2 hour drive from Flagstaff. The flight in Phoenix was delayed several hours - but they didn't announce the delay until 10 minutes to boarding - and kept delaying it by just 20 minutes at a time. Finally, once we board we are told the flight MAY be not be able to land in Flagstaff due to bad weather. The kicker? They won't send us back to Phoenix - we would be diverted to Palm Springs California - and since it was "an act of god" - we were on our own. They weren't responsible for lodging, return airfare, refunds, ground transport - nothing. So - the whole plane is already pissed about being delayed so long, and now this. Nobody wants to take the chance of being flown to another state and getting stuck - so literally all but maybe 2 people deplane and mill around the tarmack. Then we  find out that we can choose not to take the flight, but if we checked baggage - we can't retrieve it! It's going to either Flagstaff or Palm Springs with or without us!  So some people start to get back on the plane, and others are arguing on the tarmack about what to do about their bags. I spot our bags just sitting in the open cargo door of the plane, and lead a small army of angry passengers to the back of the plane and  we just grab our bags that were in plain sight. The flight attendant tried to stop us - but realized that people were pissed, and we greatly outnumbered them. I ended up just renting  a car and driving the 2 hours to Flagstaff. And apparently flights to Flagstaff had been cancelled all day - but they neglected to tell us that.  At least they could have given a heads-up to us so that we could have not waited nearly 4 hours on flight delays and driven ourselves there much faster. No apologies, no refunds, nothing. I primarily fly either United, Southwest, or Jet Blue. No horror stories from them - while yes they've lost a bag here or there, they've always been professional and prompt in getting it to me.
2	I am a Silver Preferred member on US Airways. This has gotten me the same lousy level of customer service representatives, the same lousy website (why do I need to call you to view my itinerary when the flight number changed?) as everyone. I have few complaints about the flights, except they're expensive to fly direct from SFO to Pittsburgh, even though they're "a low cost carrier". The whole different check in line for flights from SFO to LAS/PHX and PIT/CLT /PHL is kinda weird too.I'm through with you guys. The only time I'll fly US Airways is when I _need_ a direct flight to Pittsburgh.
3	Well what can I say?Eh. That's what. This airline is neither great nor bad. The service was 'aaiight' and the planes were old w/ poor excuses for TVs--btw, what's up with the Cranium questions?? If you're not going to show a movie or cartoons, at least change up the questions. (thank God for my video Ipod) Having said all of this, they got me to my destination safe and relatively on time. Whatevs.
1	I'm sticking to Alaska Airlines. Only reason I flew US Airways was because I had no choice.Lost bags, miscommunication, lack of respect, apathy towards the customer's needs, no AC, tarmac wait, and the list goes on.Never again. I rather ride the flee infested greyhound.
1	Hmmm.  Shall we try a little math problem?Assuming all patrons have an average of an hour and a half layover:If Plane A leaves Tucson at 11:30 and Plane B leaves Tucson at 12:45, if Plane A hasn't left Tucson at 12:45, which plane's passengers are more likely to miss their connecting flights?Not working?Okay, so we start with five stars.-Subtract one for an hour and a half delay on a 1/2 hour COMMUTER flight-Subtract one for snarky, micromanaging flight attendants -Subtract one for two agents rescheduling a total of 6 customers in an hour-Subtract one for a code-shared flight in another terminal-Subtract one for giving customers the WRONG TERMINAL so they have to travel to two terminals and get through security to find the flight they originally had ten minutes to catch... which also is late.That leaves us with... Zero stars.  Oh wait, I forgot:-Add one for getting back to San Francisco in one piece... well aside from my delayed baggage.
2	Maybe Jet Blue has spoiled me.  I fly Jet Blue to Oakland a couple times a year and my flight has never left late.  Last time I flew to Vegas it was Jet Blue and once again on time.So last week I go to Vegas for a convention and have to go with my co-workers and they all wanted to fly out of John Wayne/Orange County and not my beloved Long Beach Airport.  So we had to deal with US Airways.  At our flight departure time of 11:15 am our plane wasn't even at the gate yet.  By the time we boarded and got in the air it was already past our arrival time.  I had exactly 3 minutes and 45 seconds to drink my soda before being told they had to pick it up because the plane was preparing to land.  Our arrival was 1 hour and 15 minutes late with no offers of apologies and no explanations.One star for not crashing and one for a cheap ticket.  But next time I'll be flying Jet Blue.
2	I don't care to be bullied and threatened with the plane leaving without me in my connecting city due to overbooking when I reserved, paid for and chose seating for these two flights two months in advance. I also don't care for the ambivalence towards me when my boarding pass was handed to me and my seat had mysteriously changed from next to my BF to the last row, seat closest to the bathrooms.  I also don't care for the fact that our flight was a half hour late in taking off because they "weren't sure where the crew was".I also REALLY don't care for whatever method was used in stowing my checked baggage.  Thanks for crushing the bag to such an extent that not only did my shampoo bottle and toothpaste burst open (yeah, burst, as in from the side, not the end) but my hairdryer was cracked on the handle, causing me to have to buy a new one.Oh but thanks for the 3 tablespoons of water and the 12 micro pretzels we were given.  Yeah, that made up for everything.
2	I have booked several flights on US Airways (formerly America West) via online travel sites, I have been fairly impressed with their rates, but bitterly disappointed by their consistent delays. I have flown 4 times with US Airways over the past two years and not one of my trips didn't have some kind of delay.I was delayed for almost 6-hours coming back from San Francisco, and over three hours from Phoenix to Vegas (I could have driven quicker than the total one way trip time of 5hrs). What gets me is their lack of communication - It's like a complete mystery to them when the flight will actually take off...All airlines seem to be having major difficulties being on time lately... Why is this such an issue in the last few years? I would gladly pay an additional $25 per flight to be SURE that it would be on time - wouldn't that motivate airlines to step up their game? On time guarantees and partial refunds for more then 30min delays? Perhaps I'll launch my own airline "On-Time-Airways - We ain't cheap, but dammit we are punctual"Help!
1	I have never flown US Airways since they became US Airways.  I did however, fly America West and was happy with them nearly every time I flew with them.I HAVE to write this review, as I had an awful experience with them yesterday.  I was scheduled at 7:23am out of Phoenix and arriving back here in SF at 9:30 am in enough time for work at 11am.  I arrive, and proceed to the E check-in.   The computer starts having "issues" and so I try to get the attendants attention and I failed.  Knowing I didn't have a lot of time before we depart, I decided to to to the counter check-in.   I waited 5 minutes before getting to the counter only to be told that I was no longer on this flight b/c it was less than 30 minutes before departure!  WHAT???  I have a carry on ANNNNND that computer right there (pointing at it) has something wrong with it and that is why I came through your line.  It was 25 minutes to departure and she refused to check me in!!  Again, I ONLY had a carry on.  It didn't matter to her that I had to be at work at 11am.  Arriving in SF later than 9:30 am was NOT AN OPTION for me.  She hastily said, "you can try and get through security and see if maybe they'll let you on the flight.  That is all I will do for you!"I finally get through security and get to the gate at EXACTLY 7:22am, one minute to spare, begging the customer services reps to let me on the flight or I was going to lose my job.  They of course told me NO.  The flight was delayed 2 hours and I was late anyway!!!  Ahhhhh...Thankfully, the flight attendant had a lot of personality and was very accommodating to me, even if I was 1.5 hours late for work.  I wish I had the name of that lady in the Phoenix airport downstairs at the check in desk.  I mean, when I pointed to the computer that was giving me problems, there was a tech guy working on it and she saw him.  Even seeing him, she still wouldn't accommodate me in any way and was rude about it.  Poor customer service!  I WON'T be flying this airline again, I can tell you that. I was not only blown away by their complete lack of care for me and the "issues" I was having with their E-check-in computer, but also the lack of  "social" skills one needs when working in customer service.  Eye contact!!
1	This is the WORST airline ever. I will gladly be herded onto Southwest like some fat ass cattle rather than ever endure the torture of US Airways again.How can any businesses possibly be such a mess? Ever since they were merged with craptastic America West it's been downhill. Every person from the counter bitches to the flight attendants were out of control rude. It's clear this airline does not value their customers.  The flight attendants were so rude on my last flight that it shocked me. And now you want to charge me $30 for an aisle seat. Fuck you!And don't tell me it's just the industry that's taking a dive because riding on Jet Blue is like going to freaking Disneyland! Polite customer service people, happy flight attendants, snacks, tv's, on time arrivals.... dignity.
2	Everyone is right. This airline also sucks. Mostly because every time I fly US Airways I experience:a) Check-in lines out the doorb) Airplanes from the Nixon administration era.
2	Update:Downgraded a star for the new baggage policy.On the bright side, now US Airways' baggage policy of one free checked bag seems like a bargain compared to American's new policy.  Surely US will be following suit soon, but until then...We had a major problem coming home from vacation a few weeks ago-- the plane was delayed by about 4 hours, which meant that we would miss our connection in Charlotte so we'd be put up in a hotel overnight.  Yes, we were annoyed, but I wouldn't want to be on a plane with mechanical problems and there was nothing anyone could do, so we made the best of it.  The customer service in our departing city was pretty abysmal, but much better in Charlotte, where a kind lady put us in first class for our flight back to LGA the next morning.I forgave them after we were put up in a reasonably nice motel and enjoyed endless juice and blankets and pillows on the plane.  What makes for the three star, overall positive review is that upon our arrival home, we each received an apologetic email and a $50 travel voucher.  I was impressed at this gesture.US Airways is not responsible for the most annoying part of the ordeal, which was a jappy girl dressed in 3 sweaters (we were leaving a Caribbean island!) and complaining endlessly to her boyfriend about how she could have done the US Airways clerks' jobs better than them.  Honey, the only thing you can do better than them is kvetch.
1	The flight to was delayed at first for 40 minutes, then an hour and a half due to maintenance... whatever.  The return flight - was canceled, please wait in that line to find another flight.  This other line had one harried ticketing agent that obviously didn't have the right answers for the passengers because the line wasn't moving.  Meanwhile there were 4 baggage agents waiting to check in all the people who's flights were canceled - oh, next flight home was more than 6 hours later.  Oh, the cancellation was due to local weather - interesting that no other airline was canceling flights.   US Airways mission statement  "To provide best class poor service without care because in todays' economy everyone need to save a buck".NEVER AGAIN!
2	Being bored as I was, stuck in a city that I didn't know, at an airport that I didn't care for, I got a great opportunity to observe everything around me.  Weird as it sounds, it's one of my favorite things to do....sit and observe how people can be assholes....or just plan stupid.What Carolynne R. said about being bullied, I definitely wouldn't doubt it. It personally didn't happen to me, but I did witness several people get yelled at and lectured by the lady behind the counter. People were already distraught that their first U.S. Airway flight landed late....throwing them off by a few minutes, but to yell at them when they find out that they can't board the plane?...that's pretty messed up.  Flying alone, I DEFINITELY wouldn't have known wth to do...and I know that her attitude would have made me feel 10 times worse. Customer service sure as hell doesn't seem like a priority for some of these people. Good thing I didn't have to deal with them at the counter.My flight from Phoenix to Oakland was pretty amazing though. The stewardess on our flight was kind of nice. Had a great conversation with a man that I like to call my "Puerto Rican Dad."  Best flight experience thus far...but it doesn't technically reflect on their service.
4	This year I flew Alaska airlines up to Seattle and US Airways back down to Los Angeles. This was the first time I have ever flown on US Airways and I was very impressed. The flight was on schedule, and we even landed 25 minutes early in Los Angeles. I will definitely consider US Airways next time I need to fly.
1	I can't believe I am giving them "A" star.  I mean really???   I guess I don't have a choice.  Worst flights ever!  I have been flying the friendly skies before I could walk, I'm even a member of the Mile High Club.  But honestly, I will never take US Airways again (unless I win a flight or something).   I flew from MRY (Monterey) to LAS (Las Vegas) and changed flights in PHX (Phoenix).  I know, I know, my bad, I totally back-tracked.  Moron!  Probably was sipping on something while I was shopping for tickets on Travelocity.*Service was not lovely.*Plane was super old.  A lot of people commented on how "old" the plane was.  I mean the pleather seats were a light turquoise for crying out loud.*They almost lost my "carry-on"" luggage.  Now how the heck is that possible?*Wouldn't give me my carry-on baggage since I didn't have a yellow ticket, they never gave me one.*I felt like the staff was either over worked or all smoking too much pot.*One female flight attendant was the reason why we were 30 minutes late to take off.  She got "lost" at the airport.  *She "got ready" on the plane, meaning she tied her long hair back from her sweaty face and tried to regroup and look professional 20 minutes into the flight after her little jog to the correct gate. *Steam was brewing and circulated within the cabin freaking people out.  People thought it was smoke trying to smell it (putting their noses in the air), cupping the steam (like it was a fart), wafting it towards their face with their hands (like it was a some homemade marinara sauce on th stove that had been cooking for hours), trying to touch it with their pointed fingers... it was quite a scene.   All the while, some semi-drunk sorority chick (going to Vegas of course for another bachelorette party) was talking up a storm to anyone who was sitting near her annoying half the people on board.  Same girl who asked if I was going to Vegas too since she wasn't sure if the plane took off since she was too busy slamming margaritas by herself ( I would have been to if I wasn't running late running around to random lost luggage/customer service office in Phoenix, since they nearly lost my luggage).  Same girl who started a conversation with a 79 year old lady wearing flip flops with faux diamonds... saying "THOSE are TOO cute!" as we were finally boarding.*I mean the list goes on and on.
1	I recently flew US Airways from Phoenix to Chicago. It was the bargain on Hotwire so that is what I went with. I cannot complain about the rate... $237 round trip is cheap these days. However, you are nickel-and-dimed for luggage check-in, a coke, snacks, etc. I limited myself  to just one small suitcase, which added $15 each way. (Thankfully I did not exceed the luggage weight or there would have been another fee.) A second suitcase would have been an additional $25.So fair experience overall, HOWEVER, I discovered that passengers can bring cats and dogs on the airplane. Maybe I have been living in a cave, but how is this even possible? First of all I am severely allergic to cats, and I know I am not the only one out there because that is a very common allergy. Guess where the little feline was?! You guessed it, right under my seat. For whatever reason I seemed to not have much of an allergic reaction. I am not sure if it was the recirculated air in the airplane or what. I did ask the flight attendant if they were indeed allowed. She replied with a plastic and enthusiastic smile "Oh yes! We allow cats and dogs and have for quite some time." No doubt she probably had a cat at home. I inquired about the possibility of the animals peeing or worse! Again with the plastic smile, she explained they are in carriers -- as if that solves this biological need. Really????  I don't know about you, but I am not crazy about being trapped 10,000 feet up having to smell cat urine on a 4-hour flight. How is that allowed? How does that meet health codes? Are other airlines allowing this too. Whasssuppp pussycat?!?!
1	I have to agree with most.  Fly another airline.  This sucks.crummy seating, delays, they nickel and dime you.  fly southwest if their is an option.
1	If I could give No Stars, I would.The worst US airline, ever. I flew USAirways last night from Houston to San Francisco, connecting in Phoenix, ONLY b/c I was 1,500 miles from maintaining my Premier status with United, and it was a necessary evil. However, it was a DRAMATICALLY different experience from my now usual delightful experience flying direct on Continental. Unlike Continental, where the flight attendants are nice, courteous, and professional, where they give you complimentary drinks, where they have newer planes, where they often have your own TV with free movies in the backs of the seats, and unlike where they feed you meals for free, US Airways sucks on ALL these points.First, I was bumbed by the flight attendant as she came through with the beverage cart - what ever happened to announcing to keep elbows in as they came throught he aisles?Then, she flung some small chunks of ice at me (as she was getting a man his drink). Neither of these times did she apologize. Oh, and did I mention they're now apparently charging for a coke ($2)? Or even a water? Rip-off!They charge money for soggy chicken salad sandwiches, and a ridiculous price for a preservative-infested snack box.There are obnoxious advertisements on the tray tables. Lastly, on the leg from PHX to SFO, there was a broken seat a couple aisles in front of me! Full-on, bent over seat back, folded in half. Really? You don't have money to properly maintain your planes?I hope you file chapter 11.
1	USAirways?  I don't think so scooter!  They don't even deserve to have US in their name, because first of all, it's not about US, it's about THEM.  Secondly, they are a disgrace and an embarassment to this country.  Where should I start?  I was going a mere 650 air (900 land) miles to Durango, CO from San Diego, CA with a connecting flight in Phoenix.  After boarding the plane, they inform us there is a machanical problem with the auxillary power unit (a common problem on the old POS Airbus planes!!), and they would have to manually start the engines on the ground.  Not sure what this meant, I was nervous and frantically googling on my iphone to make sure the plane was safe to fly without it.  Fortunately, it was, but unfortunately for all of us low passengers waiting to take off, we had no air circulation in the cabin until after the plane took off because that's one of the many things the APU does for the plane.Bump, crunch, grind, bump, crunch grind... Those were the sounds the plane was making while they fired up the engines.  I seriously thought I was going to die!  Then, once the engines got fired up, the plane was making a wierd clicking sound as we taxied on the runway, and even as we were taking off.  This really made me nervous.  Everyone was joking that the clicking was the sound of them manually winding the crank up so the plane could take off.  I gotta give props to the pilot, he made up for the delays and got us into Phoenix on time, but the flight crew was just eh, not too friendly, they all kinda looked like they hated their jobs.  Everything costs money on this airline, it's $2 bucks for water or a soda, $7 bucks for a beer or a cocktail.  $5 if you want an aisle or window seat, or else they smack you in the middle seat.  By the way, that "choice seat" fee is per connection, so if you want an aisle seat on all of your flights (say you have 3 connections) that's $15, not $5.  Then I paid $15 to check my bag.  So, all total, my $330 round trip to fly 650 miles ended up costing me $380, but that's not all!  If you act now, you'll also have your return flight to San Diego cancelled in Phoenix!Yes folks, they cancelled all flights out of Phoenix to San Diego at 9pm last night because there was fog at the airport in San Diego.  The worst part is that they made us wait for 2 hours before telling us our flight was cancelled.  I could have been half way to San Diego by car.  Then, everyone was asking if they can't just fly to Orange County or LAX (Which we heard from other people in the airport did not have any fog) and they abruptly told us no.  So, what happens when your US Airways flight gets cancelled?  Nothing!  You get to sleep at the airport all night long, and then beg, pleed and pray that they can find you a flight out in the morning.  They don't put you up in a hotel, they merely offer you a "discounted negotiated rate at a local hotel".   They didn't offer to compensate.  They didn't communicate to us what would happen to our bags.    I heard from another guy who talked to the lady at the counter that they told him there were no flights available until tomorrow night, which means I would have been flying back to San Diego on New Years eve, assuming they didn't get fogged in.So, what did I do?  I rented a car at Hertz, total cost was $127.50 (OUCH one way rentals are expensive) but I decided if I'm going to be driving to San Diego at 10pm at night I better have a comfy car, so I upgraded to the CTS for $20 more which was well worth it in the grand scheme of things, I made record time and was home in bed by 3am on 1 tank of gas (and people diss American cars but I'm here to tell ya, 300 horsepower, 1 tank of gas, 380 miles, AMAZING!)...  Now I'm waiting to hear about my bags, desperate and afraid of how long it might take.  I'm also hoping they will refund me for my flight, but I doubt that's going to happen.  Will update the review after I see how they treat me after the fact.Needless to say, I know flight cancellations in San Diego are rare, but I just don't think I can trust my life with this airline ever again with their old worn out planes, nickel and diming you to death with fees, and hey, wait a second, isn't gas lower then it's been in 10 years and yet the airlines are still charging us all these fees and higher fares?!
1	THIS IS THE WORST AIRLINE IN THE ENTIRE FREE WORLD.  THEY DO NOT KNOW THE MEANING OF THE WORKS "CUSTOMER SERVICE".At all costs, use another airline or be prepared to have your flight cancelled or delayed and receive extreemly rude and abusive treatment from "Customer Service" represenatives.
2	I fly weekly on United Airlines and am a member of their mileage plus program.  Despite the fact that I thought United was a sub-par airline, let me tell you, US Airways is even worse!  NO MOVIES or ENTERTAINMENT on the planes unless you are going to Hawaii or international.  What the hell?  This makes a 5 hour flight back from the east coast a hell trip.  Especially given that non-alcoholic drinks are $2.  Food is $7.  Checked bags are $$$..  This airline is a joke.  Do not fly them, let them go out of business.Seats are god awful uncomfortable.Service is surly and rude.  Avoid.
5	There is a lot hating for US Airways. Personally, I was very happy to fly them from Pittsburgh to Phoenix. We got a direct flight, which is always a big plus. Also, the rate was far cheaper than any other airline. Yes, they are trying to economize to stay in business. And I am totally supportive of that. I mean, I don't want to see anyone go out of business, especially in these tough economic times. Did the $2 I paid for my diet coke kill me? Heck no. Besides, they give you an entire can. I say yippee. Also, I've been flying long enough to know to bring my own snacks. There was no movie or other in-flight entertainment. But I was traveling with boyfriend Big Jim. That's entertainment enough. Our flights were on time, (actually, they were early). The planes were nice and clean and the flight attendants were very nice. Plenty of overhead space for our carry on luggage.  We also laughed when the watch dog gate attendant busted some chick for trying to cart on an extra bag.  Pretty funny.  I like US Air and I say thanks for a great flight to Phoenix!!
1	I fly quite regularly down to Phoenix (used to go direct to Tucson, but express jet went bankrupt) and I am stuck with US Airways as being the only non-stop from Spokane. With that being said I have never had an issue with them. But this last time really fried me and my traveling companion.We showed up at the Phoenix Airport check-in counter 1 hour and 16 minutes before our flight was to leave. We had tried to E-check-in the night before but the system could not find our return reservation. For over 45, yes FOURTY-FIVE minutes we worked with a representative and then their supervisor do find our reservation. We had the original receipt with the confirmation code but they could not find either one of our tickets.Low and behold at exactly 29 minutes before the flight was to leave the supervisor looked up and said "well here is your reservation, but I can't issue you a ticket!" "Why not""Because you got here too late, you must check in at least 30 minutes before your flight leaves and YOU (she did stress YOU) didn't do that."I am not kidding you. It took us another 10 minutes before she would issue us a boarding pass for the 830 PM flight (NOTE: It's 10 AM now a full 12 hours to wait). We made a mad dash for the plane zoomed through the security and showed up at our original flight, only to be told that the flight was closed and there was nothing they could do. So we waited and watched the plane sit at the gate for 23 minutes before it finally pushed back.We went to customer service and were told again: "It is our fault for not arriving early enough." And "You should expect computer glitches and get here earlier, it's not US Airways fault."They had the audacity to tell us that we should arrive at least 4, yes FOUR hours before a domestic flight with carry-on baggage only. Imagine if we were traveling international with checked baggage, should we be at the airport 24 hours in advance????US Airways gave us no meal vouchers for their screw-up and while we waited and waited we watched two different times that the doors were re-opened on a closed flight for passengers that got there late.They had no apologies, except to blame us for their computer error; they did nothing to help us out, meal vouchers, etc. They ignored our request for seats near the front of the plane; I was in the 2nd to the last row (22), while stand-by passengers for this flight received rows 7, 8 and 11. It will be a cold day in hell before I fly on this airline again, I will change planes, I will wait extra, I will do what it takes, but never again will I be told that THEIR computer problems are MY fault.
1	Ever taken a flight on a crusty dog turd? Neither have I, but I imagine it's not much unlike flying US Airways--the all time worst airline in every conceivable way.How does an airline (that is already at the bottom of the barrel) get away with cutting back so ridiculously far on service while simultaneously  jacking up prices so ridiculously high on everything from water to luggage to aisle seats?!Wow, great business plan, douchebags--take something that already sucks, make it worse and charge people more for it!  Honestly, I wouldn't be the least bit surprised if the greedy crack smokers that run this airline started charging for toilet paper. By the square.
1	Trip: Seattle to Las Vegas (non stop)Thank you so much for not knowing early enough that your plane's emergency lights weren't working. I really appreciated the initial 3 hour wait while some mystery part flew in from Phoenix.Then I appreciated learning that the problem still wasn't fixed and the maintenance guys had to check the wires to see what was wrong.And then having the flight (finally) canceled...... 9 hours after we arrived at the airport. Oh and there was the fun part about the number we were all given to call for rescheduling and the guy that told me it'd be a $150 fee because the flight wasn't canceled yet. So we waited another 1-2 hours in line to find out that it could be done for free. Maybe we could have actually scored some same-day tickets if that guy actually knew about the situation of the flight (as they said the people on the phone should)? It was nice to get it rescheduled and here "Sorry" about 20 times, but.... now I've lost 9 hours of my life sitting in an airport AND I'm missing out on a minimum of 24 hours of my Las Vegas vacation. Oh and tomorrow's earliest flight is also a layover so we'll also get to waste more time at the airport in Phoenix.I also love the $26 we spent on parking (just to go back home at the end of the day) and however much we spent on the ever so 'wonderful and cheap' airport food while waiting on you to not fix the plane.I really.... appreciate.... my experience with you, US Airways. (Insert many frustrated/upset/disappointed/angry words here)
2	Since the 9-hour delay and then missing 24 hours of our time in Vegas.....The flight went fine and they were all nice and all that.The second "fun part" was when we got to the hotel and found out that the free show tickets that we were supposed to get were not in the account info. So I call up US Airways and, while the guy was nice and all that, he just said "oh you must not have clicked yes for the tickets" (which mom was quite sure she did) and said we should write a letter to customer service about that and the craziness with the first flight. Well... that's nice and I guess I understand when they can't fix something at this point, but shouldn't the fact that we don't get tickets been on our info? Like "Yes to room, no to free tickets?" or something. That would have been nice. I'm really not sure what writing to CS is going to do.Anyway. The flight back was delayed (but only by about a half hour), they were able to handle some somewhat creepy turbulence due to high winds in Las Vegas (kids on the plane seemed to be having a blast), and over-all that was fine.I'm just not happy with the delays in the beginning... and somewhat upset about the tickets. I guess I'll see what CS says (if anything).
2	For my last to international flights I have flown US Airways. SFO to Paris, co complaints. SFO to Cabo via Phx...an absolute mess! First our reservation got screwed up. A great counter manager Miguel helped us get on the flight but it was all downhill form there. Our connecting flight had break issues we felt while taxiing, and on the return, such bad wind storms prevented us from leaving for 2 hours. Supposed 6 hour journeys turned into 8 to 10 hours. Everything was not the airlines fault (wing weather) but man, I've never experienced anything worse when traveling.
2	Hmmm..... US Airways looks like a scheduled airline with an extensive international and national route map. However, they definitely behave like a budget airline - $15 to check in a bag? Bad airline!The flight was reasonable and the captain did do his best to make up a slight delay at departure. Definitely not up to the standards of Jetblue
3	US Airways is kind of ghetto overall. Whilst Jet Blue gives you leather seats, I got pleather here; my legs were sticking and were so sticky by the end of my flights (eww). It's no-frills, of course, and follows with the trend that they'll nickel and dime you for EVERYTHING - $15 for the first bag, $25 for the second, and $100 for any more, plus $50 for each overweight bag. Soft drinks were complimentary on this flight, although I gather they didn't used to be (probably because they were ranked lowest for customer service - pay the same as everyone else for less). Why 3 stars then? It's the first flight (with connection - St. Louis - Phoenix - San Francisco) in a long time that made it on time. The pilot during the St. Louis to Phoenix leg also seemed in tune to notifying passengers of impending turbulence (good for a nervous flyer like me), and indeed, mild turbulence was mild, and there was more moderate turbulence during our ascent through a rainstorm. Note: US Airways was preparing to raise baggage fees during in-person check-ins to $20 and $30 for the 1st and 2nd bag, respectively. Total rip. But they're keeping the $15 and $20 prices for people who check in bags online first (which screws anyone who doesn't get their US Airways tickets directly from their site).
2	the great thing about us airways is there is always something to talk about. the talk coming from my mouth is rarely good. i've flown with "us" waaay too often. i can count more times that my flight was delayed and/or canceled, my luggage has been lost (not delayed or mis-routed; straight up LOST) than times where the experience went even marginally smooth. the myriad of unacceptable situations i have encountered with "us" might boggle your mind. but, i keep coming back. maybe it is the free soda or the fact that i was recently sent a survey asking about what brands i might prefer with regard to the warm $7 beer on board? maybe it is because i get to pay them to check the bag they loose? maybe because the aircraft interiors are so awesomely outdated, inconvenient and uncomfortable? there are so many more options too!to be very honest, i think "us" deserves 0 stars, but in generous recognition of the fact that i keep coming back i'll begrudgingly award 2 stars. after all, they haven't killed me and i've never been injured on a flight ... wait, actually i did suffer a minor injury once. but still, no death, near death or dismemberment experiences does rank pretty high when it comes to my air travel expectations. so there you have it: 2 stars.
1	Every great airline they've absorbed (America West, Piedmont, republic, Empire), they've turn to crap. I truly hate traveling with them and only use them when Southwest does not have a good time or flights to destinations. Pay for checked bags ($20 for first bag), meals ($7 for bistro meal), and most insulting for pillow and blanket ($7). Southwest still gives you a break on the bags and pillows, and at least gives you peanuts or pretzels. I've flown over a million miles in my career. Could care less if I fly one more mile, especially on Useless Air.
2	Ghetto. Classless. Surly-ass crew that needs a reality check on how to work in a service-oriented profession. Get this: the reading lights above my seat would not go out. On a 9 hour red-eye flight to Europe. They just wouldn't turn off. There were a few other seats with the same problem. So what did the stewardess do? She stuck a styrofoam cup over the light. "THERE."Never again.
3	I would not recommend this airline if you are traveling with kids. This is a no frills airline. Nothing special. There was no TV, period on our 5 hour flight from NY. All the kids in the plane were going nuts. The seats are very cramped and small. The plane seemed very old. Go Delta, if you have kids.
1	I redeem award miles for airline trips a couple times a year with various USA airlines.  Today I learned about of some USAirways charges that are way beyond what any other USA flag carrier imposes. A month ago I booked a Dividend Rewards mile redemption flight for a friend on Virgin Atlantic from London Heathrow to Boston Logan.  Today, I requested different flight dates, from March 3/9 to Feb 21/28, keeping the exact same itinerary.  Then, I am told that there is a $250 charge for this!  According to USAirways site (since checked), it doesn't matter that the flight is on a partner airline.  That is what they charge for ANY transatlantic flight change!I have never experienced anything like this. For example, AA charges $0 for this type minor change.  I know and expect stricter rules and fees but this seems off-the-chart and much worse than USAirways' competition.  So much so, I hadn't bothered to check this prior to booking.  For a couple of years I was a preferred status flyer with these folks.  That will never reoccur.
1	Oh, US Airways.... You were my first. January 25, 1986, I flew on my first jet from Indianapolis to Washington International Airport, and you were in charge. Okay, your name was US Air at the time, but you're still the same airline... or are you? This year I have noticed a funny thing. The only doors that seem to shut on time are the ones that are on oversold aircraft. That seems awfully convenient for you. For that, I have nothing but hate. Three times this year I've watched a boarding door shut as I jogged up to a US Airways gate. Coincidentally, all three times your ticker at the gate has said: THIS FLIGHT IS FULL!!! Good to know you could overbook the flight, then benefit from a schedule deviation. Those of us who got screwed spend an additional three or four hours in the airport, while you get all the revenue from the oversold flight, with no penalty for screwing the rest of us by putting us on the "shockingly" underbooked flight that gets me home in the middle of the night. If my outbound flights are ever undersold, you always wait for me. You know what that means? Yep, you do. And I HATE you for it. To make matters worse? Tonight I heard two separate customer service reps for US Airways talk shit about passengers well within my earshot. Explain how I can hear that and not blame a lousy corporate culture. You know, 1986 was pretty nice, but US Airways has managed to suck a little more every year since then. I wish I never had to fly through Charlotte or Philly again.  You're the first airline I ever flew, and you're also the first airline I've ever actually hated.... with the fire of a thousand suns.
1	This is one of the worst airlines I've flown with.  I've travelled the world on many different airlines.  Almost all airlines allow people to standby for an earlier return flight without charge.  US Airways will not.  They make you pay for any flight changes.  They'll rather let their planes fly out half empty than to accommodate their passengers.
2	This airline is definitely no-frills, as other reviewers have stated. No TV, attendants didn't smile, nickel-and-dime everything -- wot, no peanuts or pretzels or crackers? Not even one lil' bag? Are you kidding me? You have to buy their snack bag to get those. That used to be one of flying's great joys. A tiny bag of salty goodness. Not on this airline! We've flown them before, but don't recall them EVER being this tight-assed. We've learned not to check luggage if we can at all help it because they charge $15 per bag. That's insane, but we know that's how they are, so we made do with carry-ons. Of course, that means the overhead bins fill up really fast and makes the cranky attendants even crankier. Whaddaya expect, lady, ordinarily most of this stuff would be checked! The employees seemed rather unhappy all-around. However, the flights themselves were basically decent. On time. It's worth it to us to put up with the lack of luxury when it's a really short flight and my Amex points are covering most of it. But for a longer flight, or if we have to come out of pocket more money, we'd look for a more comfortable airline.
3	Nothing's of much grandeur in the aviation industry anymore. Anyone who doesn't purchase a first class seat might as well expect abysmal service, why let yourself be surprised? First of all, US Airways isn't ACTUALLY operating "US Airways" style. They're owned and operated by America West, which has always been notorious for nickeling and diming their passengers. Pre-merger, this used to be a somewhat respectable airline. However, as business progressed, America West has inflicted US Air and it's subsidies with "America West Business" - overcharging for everything but the seats. (But there's an exception to even that rule...) America West clearly had no idea of the sheer size of the combined new airline they had created. Flights have been continually late, cancelled, and overbooked. Planes are rapidly aging. On US Air Express Jets the America West logo is still quite intact. A lack of business has caused US Air to pull out of hundreds of gates, making airports ghost towns. So don't blame US Air, blame America West. Anyway...I've flown both America West & US Air a fair amount. US Air internationally isn't nearly as painful as a domestic flight. Since it's neck  and neck with Southwest, their standards have been mainly homogenized. Except US AIR CHARGES 60 DOLLARS TO CHECK TWO BAGS! Are you kidding me?! No wonder you're going out of business! Southwest cares about it's customers, even if it does pack them in like cattle. As soon as US Air takes the money out of your pocket, the service you paid for is up for grabs- there's no guarantee whether you'll get it or not. Though US Air does offer assigned seating and I do like that a lot. I can't say I'm fond of rushing to the plane to get the best possible seat. Flew US Air last night for the hundredth time. Had to fight myself to not buy Almonds...but at $3 they probably weren't worth it. Flight attendants were both friendly and positive. Definitely raised my morale throughout the flight. Flight was a few minutes early, so that was a plus. Things generally run pretty smoothly, at least out of Phoenix anyway. They're definitely doing something right out of Sky Harbor. So I'm not going to complain. It's an airline, they're all the same more or less. It usually gets you where you need to go, and you're not paying $400-$500 dollars like you would on Northwest or United. Take the good with the bad. If you absolutely can't stand lousy service and expensive fees, or you're just looking to get from A to B, there's always another airline to choose from.
1	I had the worst nightmare ever!  I book 6 continues flight in my 1 week vacation with us airway, i took 1st flight and my luggage was lost and delayed. and the 2nd flight is late for 2 hour ! and then i decide to drive to my destination . after i arrive at 3rd flight. theyh told me simply because i skip a flight. they cancel all of our flight without any refund or replacement. they told me unless i drive back to my 2nd destination and wait for another day to catch the next flight to start over again . it sounds just really really crazy and does not make any sense . i try to call talk to a manager after a manager they insist i pay a 1000 dollar penatly . which is price for all 6 flight. they cancel all my flight and lie to me on the customer service phone. I sit at airport and they wont' let us go on our flight . they wont refund anything or let us get on any flight. we have to sit at the aiport and use our laptop to get ticket with another airline to move on for our trip and after we have to spent even more for buy so many other last minute flight ticket to go to our other destination and go home. it is very sad and i dont' know how can a airline have such awful mean disrespect and tricky service. trust me. they sold all of our seat to other ppl.  cuz we check later those flight are all full. i will not recoomend anyone try this airline unless u want to ruin ur trip.
2	In order to keep this civil, I'm going to just write a list, because left to open narrative, who knows what depths of hell will be plumbed by this review. 1. Brusque, rude gate agents in Portland, OR yelling at me like I'm a child (right out of the gate, not in response to anything I did, they were yelling at everyone)1.5. Did I mention that the gate agent lady was rude? She was being incredibly mean to even smiling, elderly people. Sure lady, we all have bad days, but you work in customer service. Get your shit together or find some job where you don't have to interface with people.  Wow. 2. Making me pay $10 to choose a seat in advance so my massive 6' tall broad-shouldered frame doesn't get shoehorned into a middle seat by (see 1 and 1.5 above). Since when do you have to pay to select a seat when you're paying over $300 to fly same-coast?3. $20 for the first checked bag, $25 for the second (unless you check in online, then you save $5 per bag). That's steep.4. Same ticket price if not higher than other airlines except in this one strange situation where I booked just a week in advance and this happened to be the cheapest ticket. Why would I ever pay more to experience all of the above? I have a return flight to take, and I'm crossing my fingers that it's better than the two I took today.
2	What's worse than spending 2.5 hours laid over in Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport en route from SAN to PDX? Arriving at gate A25, walking all the way to scheduled gate B10, hanging out in a bar nearby to wait out the 2.5 hour layover, Paying over $8 per beer, then discovering, right as the plane is supposed to be boarding, that the gate has been switched back to A23, and having to run the distance all the way back to A23, which happened to be 2 gates away from where I originally arrived (see hi-res image linked above). Thanks for making me run some useless laps.
1	US Airways SUCKS. I have a $646.19 credit for a flight. I want to use my $646.19 credit towards a new flight that only cost $300. I was told that I would be stuck with a $150 change fee but my credit was large enough to cover that. US Airways now wants me to pay an additional $150 on a credit card and forfiet the remaining balance. How does that make sense? A $300 flight is now going to cost $800. Now I know why I prefer to fly Southwest.
1	WORST AIRLINE SERVICE EVVVVVER!!!!!!!! I arrived at the airport only to realize that our check in bags weren't coming out of the carousel. WTF??? So everyone from our flight went to US Airways bag claim/ customer service and find out OUR BAGS ARE LOST!!! Numerous customers in line who have flown with US Airways before said this always happens when you fly US Airways. So I decided to wait patiently in line like the rest to give my 2 cents when randomly boxes and bags began to trickle in and "they claim they don't know how they got there or where they came from" So how did some of the passengers get portions of their belongings????  Oh and the employees with company apparently know how to talk back at frustrated, angry customers. Well then....
1	American Worst Airlines has turned to US Worst Airlines... yeah! what's the difference... what's the fuss anyway!I have had multiple incidences with Mesa/America Worst in the past... I flew 10-20 times per year on Mesa from Palm Springs to Phoenix/Reno for work. There were multiple flight delays, cancellations, delay luggage arrivals (over a day), and missed flights (my fault for not being at the counters 30 - 60 min prior to departure... when the counter closed down completely). I used to expect poor service all along because they are understaffed and under high stress. So it did not tick me off that easily.I remember clearly that I had to go out of my way to reserve a standby flight with another airline while waiting to get my paper ticket/rebooking service after a flight delay and subsequently cancellation in Palm Springs. I managed to run through check point and on board before departure. I was hungry and exhausted after waiting for 6 hours at the airport... not counting the trouble with return trip (ticket was lost during the process) and 48-hour delay luggage (expected I guess).The last draw was another delayed luggage for 48 hours via Reno. This time, the lost luggage center was much more shrewd. I was told there was a compensation per day. It turned out to be a pathetic credit to fly the Worst Airlines. I returned the voucher way before the expired date. They need it more than I for the next federal bailout.Traveler beware: You want the Worst... you certainly will get it.
1	Just horrible
4	I know traveling by air is rarely a good experience, but I want to pass on an exception to this.....  My trip from Charlotte to Oakland on 8/31 included a second leg from Phoenix to Oakland.  The flight showcased a senior flight attendant crew and they were outstanding.  The guy must have been pressing 70 and he was a card, yet professional and prompt.  The woman, maybe 55, was more business like, yet you really felt like she was the den mother of the flight.I was entertained by these two as was the rest of the plane.  The guy gave a resounding welcome to Oakland that brought clapping from the economy section.I applaud US Airways for testing the boundaries of the age limits to give us better customer service.  I was not greeted with rolling eyes or "you are inconveniencing me" stares in the isles!!!!UPDATE:  9/3/20101 -- on my way back to Charlotte from Phoenix our plane was delayed five hours on a Friday night due to a diaper being stuffed down the toilet.  US Airways then hurried us back to the gate to check in only to find that the cabin temp was 100 degrees.  Hurry and wait.....hurry and wait. Flying is so unpredictable!
1	Can I give negative stars? PLEASE? US Airways is probably the worst company internationally when it comes to customer service and retention. This past September I was supposed to leave Athens for SFO via PHI. When I arrive to the airport, I was informed (at the gate) that the flight was canceled -no prior notification. The cancelation was due to poor maintenance. While we were thoroughly disappointed, we did what we had to in order to get rebooked. The earliest departure they had for us was at 6 AM the next day. When we arrived at the airport (at 4 am) the next day, we were informed that our subsequent flight was ALSO canceled. Again, we began the processes of jumping through hoops, waiting on the phone and in lines to get on a decent flight. When the US Airways representatives told us that the earliest we can be home was almost three days after our initial flight, we demanded that they look into business and first class to get us home in a timely fashion. The representatives tried to book us, but were unable. At which point they directed us to look for flights on our own and then expect reimbursement from US Airways customer relations. Running from counter to counter, WE found two business class seats that would get us home the same day. We called US Airways back and asked them to book us on this flight. The representative was taking over 30 minutes trying to book us (time is precious in situations where 300 other people are also trying to get seats by the minute). Because the representative was unable to book us, he again instructed us to book our flight and then to get reimbursed from customer relations. Almost $10,000 later, we got home a day and a half late, but home none the less.Now back in the US, guess what, US Airways claims that this is not in their policy and the most we can get is $700 in vouchers for, ready for this, US AIRWAYS! LIKE I would WANT to fly on this forsaken airline EVER again! I'm young and could be a potential LIFE customer to them spending tens of thousands of dollars. NO WAY JOSE! To make matters worse, they will not disclose whether or not they actually took the time to speak with the representatives who made the claims that we can get reimbursed. AND their online customer contract states that in case of canceled flights due to mechanical problems, it is THEIR responsibility to rebook the customer within a reasonable time frame. THREE DAYS LATER IS NOT REASONABLE! US AIRWAYS, you are THE ABSOLUTE WORST AIRLINE EVER!!!! I will not settle till you give me my money back, you scoundrels!
1	Like an evil health insurance company, U.S. Airways is always looking for new ways to rob its customers with fees. I'll never forget how U.S. Airways refused to give me a cup of potable water on a flight when I had bronchitis because I didn't have cash to buy a bottle. This airline is America's worst!
3	I fly US Airways almost always for business travel, as they are our preferred travel partner and one of only three airline options for getting me from my office to our home office.  I must say that US Airways is growing on me, despite my early hatred.I really think that US Airways is improving.  Sure, the fleet could still use a good tune up (I've had more than my fair share of mis-functioning lights/TVs/seats that wouldn't recline over the past few years).  But the people seem to be more friendly than they used to be.  Pilots & flight attendants with a sense of humor!  Gate attendants that don't snap at you for no reason!  Have I had some bad experiences flying with US Airways?  Of course.  No company has a 100% perfect staff, but the good has definitely outweighed the bad in the last 18 months.  And even with the extra baggage fees, it's still always cheaper for me to fly US Airways out of my local airport than to drive the 90 minutes to an airport that has Southwest by the time I submit my reimbursement for the drive.The Charlotte hub, however, is always a much better experience than the Philly hub.  I think it must be that good ole Southern charm :)
1	Definitely sucksBooked a 3 segment flight.  First and last segment refundable.  Middle segment non-refundable.  Paid extra.They told me I couldn't make changes to my tickets because one of the segments was non-refundable and the most restrictive fare rules apply to the entire trip.  Wow.  So what was the benefit of paying extra for the other two segments?  Nothing.Then.  I guess to make up for it.  I was told I could cancel the segments I didn't want to use (2, I was going to rebook on Southwest) and keep the fare in an account for reuse - plus a $150 change fee of course.  Well it turns out I can only use that money to fly the EXACT SAME ROUTE ... not for a different trip on US Airways.  Fail.  They can keep the money.  Consider it the cost of the lesson I learned which is that I will save much more time and money than what I had lost by never flying US Airways again.
2	well when you review airlines unless they are AMAZING, it is hard because we are conditioned to except SO LITTLE from them - even in 1st Class these days...  I got used to US Airways when I lived in Charlotte because it was their hub city, but this time I chose it because it was the same price as Southwest except I could pick my seat ahead of time.What can I say, it is about what you expect. They charge for any checked bags and I think the 2nd one is crazy $$$ - I wasn't checking anything this time, but i remember that.There really isn't anything stellar about this airline.. so basically if they have the right fare on the right dates and it's better than one of the others..  you won't be horrified or over joyed if you choose US Airways...now i guess for 2 seconds I was spoiled by SONG for the minute they were in business.. they had the safety info recorded with funny accents - the flight attendants were all fun and wearing neon and each seat had tv and games etc...  Jet Blue is a little like that, but Song was so cute and fun.. made commuter travel bearable...
1	There's a reason we are told to be at the airport two hours in advance.  Had I left earlier, I wouldn't  have missed my flight at 7:30pm the Friday before labor day. The US Air representative was kind enough to rebook me on the next flight out.  Unfortunately the next flight wasn't until 6 am the next morning.   Since it was Labor Day weekend; the check in line was long. I decided to grab a quick bite to eat then come back.   I returned less than 15 minutes later and gone were the customer service representatives,  and  self service check in counters had closed. I thought maybe they took a lunch break or something.  So I waited,  waited, and waited some more.  There were several other US Air passengers there also. I  also checked Us Air's , but no one was there either.  I called the customer service line, and was transferred to US AIR's Hartsfield Jackson  number.  Frustrating doesn't even begin to describe how one feels when the customer service number rings the check in counter you're standing in front of.  Anyway I spoke with the same customer service 4 different times before she  told me US Air's reps would not return until 3:30am . There is absolutely no excuse that I had to call customer service FOUR times before getting a straight answer.   Someone should have been able to assist me by my second call. That's not an unreasonable expectation, is it? Atlanta Hartsfield Jackson is nation's busiest airport. As such someone should be on call especially on holiday weekends where increased travel should be anticipated.  Delta and Air Tran both had customer service representatives on call.
5	A definite must if you travel alot using US Airways. The lounge is a great place to get away from the madness in the waiting areas, and also have some privacy to concentrate on important matters. If you're in Phoenix,AZ, there are 3 club lounges which makes it even way more convinient.
2	US Airways is the bottom of the pits.  I would not fly this airline again even if I was given free airfare.  Spare yourself the experience.  Move along, fly United, fly Frontier...or drive.Avoid at all costs.
1	OK. So I think that this may be the first business that gets one star from me.  I just flew home from Israel on this airlines.  Boy, they are pretty sad.  I usually don't like to be too harsh on anyone, but this airlines deserves it.  Please, don't think of this review as complaining, but rather a warning to others out there to never fly US airways (Nobody likes a complainer right? Haha.).  Well, not never, but if you have no other choice.  I would venture to guess that this airlines is pretty cheap because of the full flight loads that i encountered.  You could say that is good for them but the service on the planes was not up to par.  I guess I have been spoiled with the likes of Hawaiian Airlines, Nippon airlines, shoot, you can even throw Delta in there.  The flight attendants are rude. This is from both personal experience and from observation of my own.  You know what, I could go on and on, but I really don't like to cry about stuff.  Would I fly US Airways again? No way.  If it was one of the last airlines on Earth?  Maybe.  I just hope that their service of customers get better.  Then again, maybe they didnt treat me well for the fact that I hadn't shaved and looked Talibanish.  Oops.
3	While recently I have found myself utilizing one of their competitors more and more since bags fly free and they offer less expensive, more convenient flights and their rewards occur more quickly. When booking my recent international package I was booked on US Airways. It's been a while since I have flown with this carrier. The accommodations on the flight between PHX and PHL were more comfortable (ie the seats were wider and more leg room) than the seats for the trip overseas. My same carry-on that fit under the seat on my domestic flight did not fit under the international flight. And the seat was noticeably more narrow. I also wish that the 4ish hour flight between PHX and PHL had offered a TV/Movies. I did find their staff to be quite friendly and the international flight service was better than expected. They regularly offered water and or juice and the movie selection was entertaining enough. Just wish they would clean the lavatories more frequently as they get a little cruddy by the middle of the flight.
2	I doubt that I would have written a Yelp review if I had an exemplary experience.  I admit the only reason that I'm writing this particular review is to publically voice an individualized grievance.   I understand that the circumstances that lead to this particular complaint rarely occur.  I recognize I've been satisfied with US Airways before but one negative experience nevertheless tarnishes all previous perceptions.  Also, I'm hoping that somebody from the corporate office will read this review and provide me an incentive to purchase another US Airways ticket.  After all, I feel jilted for losing 3 hours and being inflicted with unnecessary hardships by particular US Airways employees.  First, the tardy pilot who was either stuck in a non-existent traffic (nobody was up at 6:00 AM and the roads were emptied on the possibility of snow) or overslept.  Passengers were disgruntled enough to ponder whether the pilot was hung-over.  The problem began when the airline boarded the plane without the second pilot.  We were delayed 40 minutes and promised that we'd still arrive on time to make our connections.  Don't lie.  Second, the person or persons who decided against installing in-flight entertainment on the A-319s.  The flight from DCA to PHX is a 5  1/2 hours.  If I had flown on American Airlines, I would've enjoyed an entire movie and several episodes of the Office, 30 Rock, and Community.  Even JetBlue offers free television on its short flights.  It's time to get with the times.  After all, there's only so much sleep that I can manage aboard a noisy airplane.Third, the non-existent customer service representative that the flight crew promised us would be waiting at the gate but wasn't.  He or she was not available to help us with missed connections.  Half the plane was looking for connecting flights and the previously-stated delay resulted in everybody being bumped from their second flight.  At the very least, we'd like to know that somebody was there to help us immediately (e.g. notify us that plane had already left so we wouldn't needlessly run across the terminal for a non-existent plane).  Again, don't lie to us.The silver lining of this ordeal was that we luckily scored two coveted standy-by seats on the subsequent flight to Portland.  But the fact that "all's well that ends well" is not a risk I'd want to take with in the future.  [Last Experience: December 17, 2010]
1	Dont ever Fly US Airways to Hawaii. The Flight Attendants were rude and very unpleasant. Spend the Extra and Fly Hawaiian Airline.
1	Christmas is suppose to be a happy time.  Well, apparently US AIRWAYS has not been informed.  Snow is a frequent occurence in the Northeast, so why was the Philadelphia airport such a mess last week during the snow storm which left me stranded for several days?  The answer:  inefficient, mismanaged, uncooperative, untrained US Airway employees!  What a mess.  Why should it take over 2 hours for an employee to put a baggage tag on a suitcase?  The game USAIRWAYS plays is" pass the buck"..no one knows the answer to anything!  Children and mothers were crying!  People were as patient as possible, but USAIRWAYS was negligent and nasty!  After telling everyone that all planes were overbooked, I was lucky (because I was persistent) to get on an evening flight to Phoenix, only to count TWENTY TWO empty seats, leaving thousands of people stranded in Philadelphia.  And, the planes are old and dirty!  Service is poor.  Attitude is a disgrace...to the USA and travelers from abroad.  USAIRWAYS should either revamp their operations, or get out of the business.  I predict a major airplane crash if the cockpit is as inefficient as the employees at ticketing.  My advice: DO NOT FLY USAIRWAYS!!!  We should not support such poor service.
3	I can't complain too much about US Airways. They are a hometown airline, but I have been on a few that seem to be held together with duct tape.  On a trip to Europe a few years ago the bathroom was held together with the stuff.  How can that pass any reasonable inspection?  Scary to think what else was patched together for an Atlantic crossing.  They must have gotten rid of that plane because all other flights had newer planes.  Most of the time their service is good, but they do need to step it up and clean the planes better.  The food is better theses days, but I normally fly other airlines.
2	I kind of have a love hate relationship with US Airways. I have always found their staff to be extremely kind and helpful. I especially appreciate how patient they have been with me the many times I have found myself running late, or without a seat assignment. That along with the great prices I have gotten on my tickets give them 2 stars. Now here is where my strong dislike for them comes in- almost every flight I have been on, I've been bumped. They do give me a voucher to put towards a flight in the future but it doesn't fully make up for the 5 extra hours you have to spend in the airport or missing your birthday dinner you had planned at your final destination. The cleanliness of the plane is questionable. Many times I have gotten to my seat to find trash. I don't know about you but I strongly dislike having to pick up after the person who was in my seat previously. Then, the over all care for the interior is lacking. So often I have found myself on a seat that was torn or the seat wouldn't recline. I guess for me with flying its the little things that make a difference. It's already uncomfortable flying, the last thing I want to do is sit somewhere that adds to the discomfort of flying through the air.
4	After spending a ridiculous amount of time on the phone today with US Airways, they get an extra star.  Why, you ask?  Quite simply, because they were nice and overtly helpful when they didn't need to be.Due to ice where I was headed to, snow headed to where I am, and a combination of snow and ice in every connecting city that would get me there.  I expected to spend hours on the phone, waiting for someone to answer.  However, my longest "expected wait time" was 18 minutes, which actually ended up being 12.  A few times I had no wait at all.  Despite what must have been a hellish day in their call center, everyone I spoke to was pleasant.  Though I'm sure that being nice to them didn't hurt matters, I was genuinely impressed by how quickly my need to reschedule was solved.  Heck, they even asked me about seat preferences instead of just throwing me in the back corner near the restroom.Now, some of this happy treatment may be because I know have Silver Preferred status after a crazy 2010 of travel.  But, honestly, I had a similar problem last year before I was even close to preferred status, and I was treated just as well.After five rescheduling calls today, I'm hoping that tomorrow will find me on a plane.  And, if not, I'll be back on the phone.  Hopefully to another friendly US Airways call center person.
4	Okay i'm not going to lie the very first time I booked a flight with US Airways I was abit nervous and  not to sure why. Since then I pretty much enjoy them for my travel needs.The first time I used them I was impressed. First their staff at the airport were very friendly but even better when I finally got on the plane I loved it. I loved it because the seats seemed a little bigger than most planes and it seems like it was almost a bench seat. Second they had little TV's that came down and you could watch. The most impressive thing to me is that our flight was suppose to take 2 hours and 25 minutes to Las Vegas and we got there in exactly 1 hour and 36 minutes. I have to add we did have a medical emergency on that flight but it just goes and shows ya it can happen.I enjoy US Airways but dont fly them to often only because their flights are a little more expensive than other carriers but if you find a good deal I recommend flying with them.
1	1.5 stars.I guess I always go through this with airlines.I like the prices, so I accept all the shittiness that comes along with not paying an arm and a leg.First, I HATE paying for luggage fees.I mean it's bad enough that you're flying in the first place.I usually tend to not eat at LEAST a day before flying, sometimes rather than checking in my bags, I'm nervous as all hell and checking my food up in the airport restroom. No good.I just think it's an unfair way to FORCE people into paying more money.Before I bought my ticket, I looked on the website to see if they charged for flights to Costa Rica, it said international flights were free except for, Europe, the Caribbean, and the Middle East.Cool. I wasn't going to any of those places.I decided to send an email to their customer service just to be on the safe side, "We consider Costa Rica to be 'The Caribbean' so you will have to pay an additional fee."How the hell can you change geography to charge extra?Fine.So the staff at the US Airways in SFO was nice, pretty helpful, and patient.Phoenix, was a bit of a different story, a BIG bit.I guess the main thing that upset me was that they almost made me miss my flight. They knew in SFO that I was flying international, they could see I had a one-way. I was coming to Costa Rica to study, after my completion I didn't know what would happen, my school assists with job placements in countries all over the world and for different lengths of time. How COULD I know when I would return. I guess the woman checking Passports and itineraries didn't believe that I planned on ever returning to the U.S. so when I explained my situation to her she gave me this response, "That's fine, but we don't want to get fined $5,000 for you not having a return flight."Stupid bitch, you guys make WAY MORE than that EVERYDAY on baggage fees alone!The only person who was kind to me was a man that offered to help me look for a return flight which they charged $1,221.58 for. And an additional $45 for the booking service fee. WTF? Isn't it YOUR JOB to book flights with your airline? I guess I could have done it myself if the Wi-Fi in the terminal ACTUALLY WORKED!!! And to top it all off, once I got to Costa Rica and called about my refund for my return flight, the bitch on the phone gave me shit for going through Expedia. Then proclaimed, "It's not OUR fault you didn't check to see if you needed a return flight."Even after I explained my situation.Oh, and they are making me wait 7-10 business days (so really like TWO WEEKS) for my refund, when it only took them seconds to take my money.At school I spoke to other students about what I went through, all of whom are WHITE (and I do hate to play the race card, but COME ON!!) and NONE of them were asked for a return flight.So there you go.US AIRWAYS IS A DISASTER.
1	US Airways has to be the most god awful airline to fly with. Forget checking in any bags if you want to save money, because they with charge you an arm and a leg if you have extra. Every time I have flown with them my flight is usually delayed due to some mechanical issue, I know big fun right? Their flight attendants are not my favorite either, they usually have some sort of bossy attitude on top of being a little lazy. I do not recommend this airline to anyone.
1	I am really disappointed in this company, my husband's mother died suddenly. After scrambling to make arrangements, we paid a high price to travel this airline. I was told they did bereavement discounts and reimbursements. I emailed them and asked.Nope, not at all. I guess corporation really do not care about people, they care about their profit margin. Well I promise you, they will not add any of money to the bottom line in the future. It is pretty obvious that they do not care about their customers at all. It truly is the little things that make people loyal to a brand. I will take my loyalty and business to another airline.
1	I used to work for US Airways and I flew on them often because I flew for free.  If it wasn't for that, I think I would have flown any other airline.  The planes to hawaii are so old and beaten up, it's embarrassing.  Even most of the employees say that US Airways isn't great.  If US Airways is the cheapest, I would go with them, but if you are paying $10 more for Southwest, take Southwest.
2	I fly US SCARE WAYS often (85K) a year their on-time is much better than the past. I think I would have flown any other airline, but have a lot of miles with them and they fly most of the places I need to go.Pro: On-Line record better than the past        Prices are OkayCon: Old on board menu never changes same old SXXX         Gate people need to go through customer service training..the rudest in the industry.         Stop nickel & dime the customer.The public needs to teach all airlines that the customer is in charge by ALL of us together not flying one day anywhere to teach all of them a lesson..............But that will never happen. They get a 2-stars for their on time getting better than last year.
4	Yeah, I know there's a lot of haters. To me -- it's my hometown airline, and since I travel often I'm fortunate to live in a hub city. Yes, I have experienced my share of cancelled flights, delayed flights, grumpy flight attendants, grumpy gate agents, etc, etc etcBut... I have also experienced many on-time flights, early flights, extremely friendly and caring flight attendants, extremely friendly gate agents, compassionate ticketing agents. And even amongst the good and the (really) bad, I'm still gonna consider myself a fan. Because - - I like getting complimentary First Class upgrades for being PlatinumI like being able to go standby on earlier flights same day (Plat perk)I like getting preferred treatment to my luggage (the rare occasion i check)I like getting free baggage (perk)I like that their flights are typically lower priced, when I'm traveling on my own dimeI really like traveling in Envoy I like their partnership with Star AllianceI like all the perks... and trust me, it has taken many flights to earn them.
3	I can't constitute being a fan, but it wasn't all bad. The planes are old and a bit dumpy? Maybe frumpy looking is better. J was joking that it looked like a plane you could buy off of ebay (if you could bid on one).First connection from San Juan into Philadelphia was on time. Finding a flight attendant was confusing since their outfits look like regular passenger wear. Blue polar fleece and regular striped shirts for the guys. The flight attendants were friendly enough. No Wi-Fi, no snacks. One passenger asked for some pretzels and the flight attendant laughed and said we haven't done that for years. I'm thinking same goes for cleaning the plane. Kind of grubby.Second connection from Philly to MSP was alright. The flight attendants were very friendly and outgoing. A solid 5 for them. Plane again was just kind of grubby looking. Overhead compartments were full so I had to check my carry on. No big deal. I don't know what it is... but I just can't bring myself to be a fan... (Yet).Thank you however for getting my family back safe and sound, luggage intact and all there.
1	US Airways is by far the worst airline I have ever traveled on. I wouldn'tw fly with them again if they were going to save me a difference of $500! With two people...we ended up paying $100 round trip for baggage fees, received extremely rude service, and sat on the return flight for over an hour while they replaced a broken radio (yes, they boarded an entire flight before this was discovered). Please don't make the same mistake we did. Never choose US Airways.
4	My favorite airline!
1	I've been traveling every week out of Sky Harbor since 2003 and US Airways is my least favorite airline. So many bad experiences, I can't name them all. I hate their change fees, the flight attendants half-ass their customer service, a low frequency of flights per day, bad baggage handling experiences, and poor customer service overall. Why is this airline still in business??
1	My flight got delayed for 4 hours and then once we got on the place we had to delay in the air for another hour. You tell me how great of service that is!
1	Its apparent to me that US Airways has given-up being a normal USA airlline (a damn low standard!).  I recently flew first class on four long legs (4-5 hours each): Boston -to-PHX-to-Kawaii and return.  Staff was nice enough, but cabin, seats, food, beverages, etc all substandard.  As if to illustrate how poor US Airways is now; upon my return home from Kawaii, I had to jump a short. 2-hour AA flight to Chicago.  Also in First Class.  The flight attendant greeted me at my seat by name (US Airways doesn't because a personal greeting costs...nada).  My drinks came in glass, not US AIr's fine First Class plastic.
1	I wish I could award no stars. I hate the fact that this is my "hometown airline".  Terrible reward program. Horrible customer service.  Grossly outdated and uncomfortable aircraft, especially on overseas flights. I've switched my allegiances to United...what does it matter anyway when I have to connect through Charlotte or Philly 90% of the time despite living in their hub city?  I'm no huge Southwest fan, but I'll take them any day over Airways. At least I'll save the overinflated checked-baggage fee. There's a reason no large carrier will partner with this fleabag joke of an airline.
1	From the waiting area they announced the plane would have NO WATER ON BOARD for a 2 hour flight.  Nothing potable (drinkable), yet the ship steward announced it as "no portaable water" until fellow crewman corrected that...ahem!They saved a bit of money bu purchaisng older planes?
1	US Airways has ruined the travel experience for me and my family consistently for the last 3 years. We've been stuck flying with them because it's our only option, and it's always soul crushing. Arbitrary rules that force you in to hours long delays, stranded at airports, stuck in hotels overnight. Customers are cargo. It makes me wonder what they're shipping under the plane, there is so much absolute disregard for humanity on this airline.
1	I don't know where to begin with this review.  I guess it started when US Airways stranded us until 2:15 AM in Honolulu with a 3 year old and no offer of support or compensation due to a flight member needing some more sleep time.  You know, we could have all used some more sleep time.  Unfortunately, we had to pay for an extra night of hotel, but US Airways did not think they had to reimburse us, despite the delay not being due to weather and was on their end.So, they gave us each $100 voucher codes for a future flight - so we could apparently get the same bad service again.  What I received was worse.  An attempt 2 months later to follow their instructions by calling Reservations and trying to book us on a vacation flight to Phoenix became an act in futility when the call got dropped at least 4 times using 2 separate phones.  The last attempt got me the closest of making the reservation, but then the so-called customer service rep told me they were having trouble with their system and to call back in 5-10 minutes.  Excuse me?  I'll say you're having trouble with your system.  Why don't you call ME back when it's fixed???The next day, I started over from scratch.  I wanted to use the vouchers for my wife and daughter, but I wanted to fly with them using Dividend Miles.  After a pain-stakingly long time with Richard on the phone, we finally get them squared away, but then he tells me I will have to call back to the Dividend Miles extenstion to make my reservation.  What?  Not even a "let me transfer you over to the Dividend Miles" folks???So I play their game.  I call back and figure out which options to press to make a Dividend Miles reservation.  Guess who I get.  That's right, Richard.  Hello again, hello.  We go through another painstakingly long process of getting me booked, but at least he has my billing information so I don't have to repeat it.  We get almost to the end and I asked for our seating assignments to all be in row 19, seats D, E, and F for both flights.  Richard said "no problem".  Later that day, when I go to check our reservations, the outbound flight to Phoenix has us in row 19 as I asked, but the return flight still has us in Row 14.  So, I had to go into the system and change our seat assignments (thank goodness I could do that on-line and not have to make another stressful call).Here is something even funnier: instead of two $100 vouchers if US Airways had given us the one night at the hotel, the cost would have been $215.  Yes, $15 more than what they ended up giving us.  $15 to keep a family of 3 satisfied instead of making us go through these painful processes and ticking us off and away from them forever.I sincerely doubt anyone from US Air cares what I think, how I was treated through this entire process, or will read this.  But for those of you who have a choice in who you choose as your airline carrier, DO NOT CHOOSE U.S. SCARE!   Friends don't let friends fly US Airways.  They are not worth yours or anyone else's business.  America West was at one time a pretty good airline.  I flew with them a fair amount.  US Air has managed to sink that company to an all-time low by bringing in their practices on how an airline should be run, which is to say, "F-you, just give us your money."
4	Usually travel United.  Much friendlier and cleaner plane.  Otherwise, an airline is an airline.
1	Cramped seats, found old food in seat. An hour late departure. When checking with the employees as to whether or not we even had a connecting flight or wether or not we would miss it, we were told we would be fine.  Upon arriving at the next airport we are told that the plane we were on DID NOT go to our final destination, no note of this on our itinerary printed from the website.  We miss our connecting flight, the next two are overbooked, one was in 4 hours one was the next morning.  We waited 4 hours only to find out that the flight we were on standby for was delayed another hour.  When asking whether or they would pay for our hotel the response we received was that they "might" give us a discount coupon "if" we spoke to a supervisor.  This was supposed to be a 1 way four hour flight, yet they managed to turn it into a two day trip.  TERRIBLE EXPERIENCE.
1	I recently visited the US Airways Club in the Lower Number A Concourse.  I was travelling with my wife and my little dog who I had paid $100 to travel on the airline but was turned away from the Club which I had also paid for last year as a Dividend Miles member.   I find it distasteful that my liittle dog in an appropriate travel bag is excluded when loud, unsanitary children are allowed in the Club.  If they make me pay for a cabin pet, I would think those same pets should be allowed in the airport facilities. US  Airways makes it more and more difficult to fly every day
1	I have never had an airline deny me when I make it to the gate 5 minutes before scheduled take off. US Airways lost my business for life. Worst airline ever!
3	sometimes they are equally priced with southwest!their high change fees suck!
3	A Phoenix hub is very convenient especially if there is a delay or missed flight, a rental car home can take as long as a delayed flight if the need arises. The Dividend Miles club allows for a quick way to get status as opposed to some other airlines and the perks associated, free bags, upgrades, priority bags have been very nice during travels.I have learned to expect 30-50 minutes on the tarmac upon arrival at PHX and give myself at least 50 minutes between flights to accommodate. The crew in the air has never been anything but professional and kind. I have seen some cranky ground crews but in general they are helpful and understanding.
1	They were the only airlines that fly from PHX to Long Beach so I had to buy a ticket from US Airways.  I was so excited to go to CA for one of my BFFs wedding shower.  2 days before my flight out, I did not feel well.  I went to urgent care and found out I had bronchitis.  I called the airlines and they told me that the change fee is $150 for tickets that cost less than $140.  I mentioned to the agent that the change fee is more than my ticket, she said "OH it is cheaper for you to purchase a new ticket." and snickered.  WTF!  Really, snickering at a customer?
3	i never know how to review an airline. they get me there and back. only if the flight attendants are extraordinarily great or bad do i feel any inspiration to write an extensive review. they don't give you little snacks, but do any of them? i think maybe southwest.
2	All the flights are delayed aaaaaaaaaa
1	Just awful customer service.  Like most people in the valley, I'm stuck with US Airways because they're the hometown carrier.  And after my recent experience with the airline's customer service, I mean it when I say I will do my best to avoid US Airways whenever I can.My girlfriend and I had a 2:50pm flight to Minneapolis booked for Friday, September, 16th for a wedding.  On Sunday, September 11th, a friend of ours (who was going to be in the wedding in Minnesota) was killed in a hit-and-run.  The funeral ended up being Friday at 11:00am.  With all the fees associated with changing our flight US Airways wanted nearly $650.00 dollars to change our outbound tickets.  That's more than I paid for the round trip!  It's also way inflated compared to what they were asking for the one ticket to Minneapolis at the later time.  We asked if we could just skip our flight and book the later ticket.  The agents said we would lose our return ticket if we didn't pay a $150 reissuing fee.They said they would waive the fees for people who could prove they were family.  The only way to do that was to get a copy of the death certificate, and happen to have the same last name as the deceased.  Even if I were family, how could you expect people to ask a mourning father for a copy of the death certificate because his son's horrific death was at a very inconvenient time?I know many other airlines can be just as difficult, but I never knew one could go so far out of its way to make things so difficult for bereaved customers.
2	No snacks, no tv screens, no blankets, no pillows. What are we paying for these days? Sky mall? Not worth the ticket price :(
2	This is my first time flying with US Airways and the only friendly people were the ticket agents.  The plane heading to and from San Jose, CA was dirty.  There was food trash on the floor in 3 different rows and trash in the magazine pouches.  Doesn't anyone do a quick check when they turn a plane over.  Maybe the flight attendants should do a quick check.  US Airways should take a little pride in themselves.  Southwest Airlines is still my #1 carrier.  Everyone is nice and planes have always been clean.  Maybe my $25 baggage fee should go into some customer service training for your flight attendants and cleaning your planes.
1	US Airways track record with me is 50%.  Flew 4 flights in the last week. The first plane, we were brought back to the gate since there was an issue with their autopilot. Then the new plane they gave us sounded like it was going to fall apart.  I overheard the flight attendant say they're about to put that plane into retirement.Now ready to go home and flying back. The same thing happens, but now there is something wrong with the a/c. Didn't get in until 2 hours later..Get your act together peeps.  Plus the $25  bag check in fee blows...
5	I am sold, US Airways staff is always nice to me. Always gets me and the bag to where ever I want to go. Is on time almost all the time. So as far as airlines go this it top notch and I like it!
1	Well..... All airplanes feel the same, once your up in the air it's all on faith! But one thing airline need to and should change is their bag policy! I mean it really is insane that after going over 1 lbs on ur bag they can charge upto 300% not to mention the initial $25! It really is a bunch of bull!
1	On a 6-hour flight to Hawaii, US Airways ran out of food! We were starving, because we didn't have time to grab food before the flight, so we were expecting to be able to purchase food once in the air. Since we were sitting in the back of the plane, all of the food was gone by the time they rolled their cart to us. Our lunch consisted of chips, almonds and cookies; these were basically our rations for 6 hours. Our first four choices of real food (ex: sandwich, salad, cheese/fruit, etc), were sold out. Plus, the flight attendants were less than friendly (to be fair, maybe it was just one in particular that was having a very bad day). Overall, we often dislike our experiences with US Airways, and will avoid them as much as possible.
1	To Whom It May Concern: I arrived in Orlando Florida at 5am on Monday Oct 24 on US Airways flights 288/563 from San Jose California to find that my luggage was damaged during the trip. The top handle of my suitcase was partially ripped off and cannot be used. I took my luggage to the US Airways baggage desk and was greeted by an agent. I told him my luggage handle was ripped off and he came over glanced at it and said that there is nothing that he can do for it. He then proceeded to tell me that If I looked at the sign on the side of the door I would see that US Airways is not responsible for damages to the outside of luggage. He gave me a card with the website address to take care of it. He then also told that when I write this letter I should "Give you all hell." I find that comment and lack of customer service in that short exchange astonishing. It shows me the lack of customer service skills that your agents seem to posses.
3	I like US Airways because they simply fly where I go.
1	Don't expect US Airways to actually deliver services that you've paid for. They can completely fail to deliver due to their own problems, ruin your vacation and cause you to spend money without regard or refund. Can you imagine any other business where they can take your money in advance, then make you wait for hours before not telling you that they aren't going to deliver at all, then refuse to refund? It's an outrageous scam!Our first problem was that their Flight 2834 did not arrive at Burbank from Phoenix to take us from Burbank to Phoenix to connect us with our flight 305 to Charlotte, which made it an emergency to book with Southwest to make the connection at a cost of $189.70 x 2 for the total of $379.40Then they had another three hour delay for the same trip on the way home. They should be legally required to refund services not rendered at least. Then we had to suffer through arrogant and unhelpful customer service only to find out they would only give us credit for $25 in total for two passengers.Think about the risks before opting for a slightly cheaper fair.
1	I had a flight booked for me to go to training for a new job...When I learned that I would be flying US Airways I was not thrilled in the least. I've flown US Air a few times, some personal (including my honeymoon) and twice for business. For this trip I checked in online and had boarding passes sent to my phone. I don't check bags with US Air (more on this later), and I wanted nothing to do with their "customer service staff". With me I had a carry on suitcase and a garment bag. As I boarded the first flight, I asked if they could hang my garment bag for me. Every airline I've ever traveled on has a place in the front to hang a bag like this. Not US Air. The lady said "are you in 1st class?" I said no. "Well if you're not in first class, we won't hang it for you. You'll need to put it under your seat because this is a full flight." OK...No worries, as I love a wrinkly suit. Other than that there wasn't much notable about the flight. (Side note: if you have a smart phone, you should 100% do mobile tickets every time you fly...Life changing.)Rewind a few years, to two really awful experiences. First, we flew US Airways to Jamaica from Portland, OR in August of 2008. This was the height of terrible fuel prices and a recession, and US Air wouldn't let you forget it. $30 per checked bag, and they were charging $2.00 for sodas on the plane. TWO DOLLARS FOR A SODA? I'm paying out the ass for a ticket and my bags, and you're going to charge me $2 for what should be a free Sprite? I went thirsty in silent protest of such horrible business practices.In addition, a couple years ago I flew US Air on business and they lost my bag on the return flight. I returned late on a Friday night and didn't have my bag until Sunday...The service at the airport and over the phone was really atrocious. I know that lost baggage people have the worst jobs on earth, but there wasn't even a hint of compassion or "hey sorry we messed up". That's why I'll never check bags with them again, and also because I don't trust them to keep my belongings safe...I will never, ever voluntarily fly US Air. I'll happily pay more just to avoid them. Do not recommend.
1	Having a miserable experience flying from Boston to Reno. My connection was in Phoenix, and the flight from Boston was running a bit late. I asked both of the flight attendants if it would be possible to deplane before the other passengers as I had a very tight connection to make. One actually laughed at me and told me I would be fine. 12 hours, a horrible nights sleep (as they did not offer me hotel accommodations) and two delicious airport meals later I am sitting in the terminal waiting for my flight from Phoenix to Reno to board. Sorry buddy, not really fine. I missed my flight by 5 minutes. I would have been fine if US Airways offered their customers with tight connections the opportunity to deplane first, as every other airline I have flown on does. Will avoid them at ALL costs!
2	I will never fly this airline again. US Airways cancelled my flight from Las Vegas to Houston with very little warning. I received a phone call at 3:00am and my flight was at 6:45am. When I called to inquire about this and to reschedule, I was told that my flight was cancelled for aircraft maintenance. Had I received more advanced notice, I would've adjusted my plans. The woman I spoke with over the telephone was completely unapologetic and offered no sympathy, she told me that I could get on a 5pm flight, or she could issue me a refund. As much as I would've loved to stay in LV, I had to get home that day, so I gritted my teeth and took the late flight. The man who assisted me when I checked in was more helpful, he arranged several standby flights for me and after one failed attempt, I was able to get on a flight bound for Phoenix around 12pm. I was supposed to connect to Houston from Phoenix, but he didn't apparently forgot to arrange this part for me.The only part of my experience that was pleasant was the assistance I received in the US Airways Club in Phoenix. The woman at the front counter was able to get me a 4pm flight to Houston, and it was relatively painless on my end. She apologized profusely for my experience, and she was very efficient and courteous. Hats off to her, she takes US Airways from 1 to 2 stars. Of course, the flight ended up being delayed, and we didn't depart from Phoenix until 6pm. Aircraft maintenance again, apparently.It's ridiculous how many of their flights are overbooked. On my way to Las Vegas, they were asking for volunteers step down and fly a different day because the flight was so full. I heard one of their staff members say that a flight from Vegas to LAX was overbooked by 15 people. Pick a different airline. Southwest, United, Continental...anything but US Airways. Even if you have to pay a little more. I lost almost an entire day, thanks to this airline, and we all know that time is money.
2	The flight attendants were rude (with the exception of one on the flight from Paris to Philadelphia who was not). The airport crew in Philadelphia at the solutions desk were great   dealing with people who missed their flight to Paris, France and got us on a flight to Frankfurt, Germany that was the only time (besides the one flight attendant from CDG to Philadelphia) that did not treat me rudely I think the T.S.A. treats people with more respect. If you want to fly Star Alliance I would recommend Lufthansa  instead they treated me like a first class costumer even though I had a economy ticket! The one other thing is do not expect a modern aircraft or even a upgraded one when flying from Philadelphia to Frankfurt they only have the one screen in front of the cabin and they choose the movie you watch and that was the first time since I was 12 in 1989 that a plane only had that.
5	Never had a problem plus military bags fly free. Staff is really friendly and they have never lost my bags or given me any reason not to like them.
2	$25 per checked bag and lukewarm bottled filtered tap water from Vegas to Phoenix?  If my company hadn't flown and paid for me, I'd have been very displeased. I understand it's an hour long flight, but even Southwest serves snacks and beverages on flights that long (and your first TWO bags are FREE).  Very unimpressive experience.  Boarding and stowing would be so much less an issue if you didn't charge for EVERY bag.  People might check theirs.  The only thing that got this two stars instead of one, was that we didn't fall out of the sky and I will hand it to the pilot on the return flight, as we flew through a gusty wind storm and though very choppy, he landed us very well.
4	You know the thing about living in Phoenix and daprting from Phoenix is that there are really only two options that makes sense.  One is Southwest the other us USAirways.  And if i think about how often I fly i have had very few issues with both.  I think every airline has their issues, but all in all I have been travling on USAir (Am West) for more that 14 years.  I have seen some bad things with them, but lately I can not complain.  I hear a lot of people complain about USAir, but take it from a business traveler, if you have a problem on USAir you will have a problem on Southwest, Delta, United (you get the picutre).  I have more the 500,000 miles on USAir and not because I do not use the miles because the miles program is so good.
1	Will never purposely fly US Airways again.  Zero customer orientation and no customer support.   Had multiple schedule issues (with no notification from US Airways) and changes to fees charged en route made for stressful and annoying experience.  I contacted the customer service organization only to get a note back that basically said, oh well, thats the way things are now.   Wow - rude and so far from being customer oriented.  They are awful and will never puposely fly them again.
1	They hit you up for their credit card over and over.  Free shirt if you sign up in the terminal.  Skymall discount if you sign up during flight.  Endless letters offering free miles if you sign up via the mail.So I did.  I was flying with them a lot for work, so I stopped using my company AMEX and began using my US Airways card for everything.  Then I got downsized.  And moved across country, while trying to sell my house in the worst market.I've never not paid my bill, plus I stopped using it, but there was a bumpy patch where a few payments were a tad late.  I called and spoke with senior management, asking for a break.  Their response?Something like: "Bite Me."  Followed with their bumping my interest rate to 30%.  Fast forward and I've almost paid it off and am now flying other airlines when possible.  Still, I do have to fly with them now and again.  And inevitably, during these flights, they annoyingly announce a deal to get their credit card and walk down the aisle, handing out applications.I feel the need to stand up and warn people not to - but that type of behaviour gets you arrested these days.  But apparently usery doesn't.
2	Here is the email i sent them today!Usually i don't compain about things and as a matter of fact i hate it when people do just for the sake of complaining or when they trying to get something free but in this case i truely believe that I would be doing US Airways a service by leaving you with these remarks in regards to todays flight.  About an hour and a half into todays flight It turns out that the seatbelt light happened to be on when I rang the bell for service.   The captain stated that we may be hitting some turbulence about 20 minutes earlier which is totally understandable.   I wanted to get a cup of coffee.  The attendant that came to the answer informed me that i am not supposed to ring the bell for the attendant when the seatbelt lights were on and because of that she is unable to get me that coffee.  The way that she portrayed this publically made me feel like i did something wrong.  I happily stated that i understand and would love a cup when the light goes off.  She then turned around without saying anything and went back to the front of the plane.  The guy next to me on the left questioned me saying that he wondered why the seatbelt light was still on due to the fact that we did not hit any turbulence and this was one of the most comfortable / non-turbulent flights that I have been on to Arizona.  I travel here 6-8 times a year.  I thought of this being strange as well but I decided to wait patiently.  I then later got up to go to the bathroom after seeing others go and the seatbelt light was still on.  When i arrived at the bathrooms it seemed to me that everything was pretty low key.  So low key that through the screen i could see the attendants relaxing which is completely fine with me.   Now i can totally understand a Captain giving his attendants some well deserved downtime with the seatbelt light on but this light was on for the whole duration of this smooth flight.   After I got back to my seat I realized shortly afterwords that the attendant was serving business class drinks and did nothing to get me what i had requested.  This made me feel pretty neglected due to the fact that i did nothing wrong and did not deserve to be treated in such a fashion.    This treatment made me feel like I was a nuisance to the crew.  At the end of the flight, the captiain had stated that we had some strange tail winds.  I maybe should attest these tailwinds to the reason why the seatbelt light was turned on but needless to say that this was one of the most comfortable flights i have been on due to the fact that my Fiance slept the whole flight without even waking up.      Now i am releasing no names because I do not want anybody to get punished by this or ruin anybodys Careers but at the same time I will be more reluctant to choose US Airways  for my next flights.  I hope in the future that US Airways will treat every passenger with the same respect in order to keep a happy returning customer base.
1	Where to start? I booked a flight for my daughter over a month early through Expedia. She arrived at Sky Harbour over 2 hours early, checked her bag at the kiosk and was told that there was no seat assignment available for her. For the next two hours I called their corp office (they said she didn't check-in, then that she checked-in at 6.50pm when she actually checked-in at 4.48pm then that the flight was extraordinarily overbooked for some strange reason) which was of no use and was told that they had no authority to override decisions made at the gate. I then frantically called Expedia and finally got ahold of someone there who stated that the ticket was confirmed and that they'd call the airline. Eight minutes until the flight left the gate, my daughter was called (there were 9 people on the waiting list, she was number 5) and she made the flight...solely through the efforts of Expedia and possibly my threats to fine a formal complaint with the FAA and the AZ Corp. Commission.Regardless, incidents such as this make it extremely evident why US Airways is on it's way to bankrupcy....spend your money elsewhere!
5	This is how I review an airline.Five stars to get me to and back safely. Lose my luggage, lose a star. Late flight, lose two stars. Canceled flight lose tree stars.  Crash? You lose all your stars! You might even lose the whole review! But don't count on that. I always buckle up. I really had no problems with this airline, only that they charged me 25.00 extra to take my luggage. But most airlines do this now a days, I just wish everything was added to the original ticket. The plane was a little bit old , I could tell by the ashtrays on every seat and also the stewardesses, I think they came with the plane.Besides that all the airlines are the sameStewardess giving the safety instructions pointing at the emergency exits on every direction. I've heard it so many times my mind refuses to go trough it one more time. The song YMCA starts playing in my head while she does her hand  gestures  misspelling every word. Besides the chances of using the emergency exits in case of an emergency after takeoff are close to none. You make it or you don't. Me writing this review is a sign that I made it back and forth from my vacation with no problems. Would I use this airline again? Probably, but I don't pick airlines...I pick cheap tickets.
1	Hopefully someone will put US Air out of its misery soon, as it has to be the worst airline (and I fly a lot - top FF level in United, Continental (both star alliance) and BA).  Traveling with family and they have a ton of seats available in coach but agent unwilling to change for a 4 year old and 7 year old...
1	One star, and that's one too many.Flew once, will never make that mistake again. Rescheduled a return flight home ( was told it would be no problem ) was given confirmation number and everything... showed at airport and was told they had no flight for me. Had I known I would have taken the original flight home. Had to purchase a last minute additional ticket at inflated rate.... no compensation due to their error. No customer service within their so-called "customer service"I learned my lesson...Stick with and only fly Southwest!!!!!
4	since i'm doing more travel back and forth to georgia, i've been flying with us airways. so far, they've done their job. i really don't like Zone boarding and us airways employs this method. no matter how i book, what seat i book, etc, i always get zone 4. everytime. then all the overhead space is taken. so i signed up for the mileage credit card and hopefully will get some perks, like at least zone 2 or 3!
4	I have my own opinions about our friends at US Airways especially since I used one of their main hubs in Philadelphia for a few years and have some memories. But, with all that as your history lesson for the morning... here are my thoughts on the flight that left BWI and arrived in Phoenix TWO HOURS early. Now rather than be "that guy" like the dude that was on his cell complaining that he arrived early and would have to reschedule his rental car etc... I give you the following:"The Good"- Arrived safe and sound.- TWO HOURS EARLY ARRIVAL... I do not know how it happened, I do not even want to know how it happened. But, I know it did. Thank you El Nino and La Nina for providing the winds to allow the plane to move a little bit faster.- The flight attendants were polite and very attentive and also used common sense when they had the opportunity to wake me up when I was trying to grab some shut eye."The Meh"- Just curious why there are no smoking lights on planes anymore... No where else to start the discussion so I figured here would be a good place."The Bad"- The $25.00 additional bag fee.- The fact that there the seats are not comfortable and they are looking for as many sardine impersonators they can fit into the plane.- Zone boarding.... Why in God's name do the people that sit in the front board first and then the folks that are in the back need to wait until the goofballs clear the aisle?!? People and companies paid a lot of money for some consulting company to tell them that this is efficient... well a few things here. 1. It is not. and 2. Really?!?!
1	My wife and I flew from upstate NY to San Juan PR for our cruise.  Our flight from Albany NY left at 5:15am.  We are constantly bombarded with:  "Get to the airport 90 minutes before departure!".  We got there at exactly at 3:45am and....just a big line of people waiting.  Evidently US air doesn't open until 4am.  There were 3 US Air flights that morning, all before 5:30!  How about organization of US airways?  How about opening ON TIME!??!Then we got to Philadelphia.  Checked the gate number on the big board.  Gate A21. Had to take a bus to a terminal A.  Checked the gate number on the big board again.  Gate A21.  As we are walking to our gate (15 minute walk), I hear something about a San Juan, US air gate change.  Check the gate number on the big board again.  Find out it's B33.  Which is a 20 minute walk in the other direction!Get to B33 and it's a zoo.  Evidently other people magically got the memo that it's B33, not A21.  I'm in shape but I nearly ran for 30 minutes with heavy carryons and just made the initial boarding call.  Had I walked, i would've missed the flight.  How about US Airways giving connecting passengers some notice?!??!  I nearly missed this flight!Then I hear some announcement about an aircraft change and the flight being overbooked and offering a $300 credit for your next flight with US airways.  And then moans and groans.  Then I can't hear the rest of the announcement.   Followed by passengers getting confused and angry (by their reactions).  Then it's a game of "Broken Telephone" as the message spreads:  The new aircraft is smaller.  It was supposed to be 8 seats per row, now the new aircraft is only 6.  So whoever has "G" and "H" seats are BUMPED.  Frantically get our boarding passes out and it's "A" and "B".  If I had a G or H seat, I don't make my flight, I don't make my cruise.  The people next to us are furious.  They have G and H seats.  Felt really bad for them.  Absolute chaos at gate B33 in PHL ensues!!!  (I should've taken video!).  People yelling and SCREAMING at US airways staff.  About 60 people just had their vacations ruined.Positives were that they didn't call out zones:  just as long as you didn't have a G or H seat, you were golden.  And they didn't offer the credit card with 40,000 on the flight either.  I guess the pilots knew that everyone was a bit miffed because we were 30 minutes late coming out of the gate and magically got there in time.Negatives about US airways (other than above):  No on-flight entertainment.  They had TV's because that's how they did the safety instructions.  But no TV, no movies.  I knew they had them because it started for a couple of seconds (30 Rock) but THEY SHUT THEM OFF!  No Satellite radio either!!!  THEY SHUT THEM OFF AFTER PULLING OUT OF THE GATE and NEVER TURNED THEM ON DURING FLIGHT!  We know that you want to charge us, but come on!BTW, we got to San Juan and there were about 60 pissed off passengers there because the same thing was going on the return flight back to Philly.  EPIC FAIL
2	Two stars is two to many.  The worst customer service I have ever experienced.  My husband took a bump and they gave him a "$600" flight voucher.  Come to find out that the value of the voucher is not really $600 it is only good toward your next flight purchase "up to $600".  What a load of BS, we couldn't use the voucher for two tickets, we could not use the voucher with miles, we could not extend the term of the voucher.  They give these out in hopes that people don't use them I guess.  you have to call to book in order to use the voucher and in turn they charge you $25 for not booking online,  add that to the $25 bag fee, and the $45 seat upgrade if you want an isle or window..  middle seats are free, and what do you get??  A bunch of BS from an airline that obviously does not care one bit about the passengers and doesn't want returning clients.  The reps on the phone just pass you off to the next person and are RUDE!Never again US Air, I will only fly Southwest.Go suck on some luggage!
2	If you fly on Southwest Airlines a lot, and then take a flight on US Airways, the differences are dramatic... Besides all the details around US Airways passenger abusive baggage handling policies, flight change services and the horrible discomforts of their aircraft seating design, there is the nasty and confrontational attitude of their employees! Sometimes America's worst airline is a necessary evil, but avoid this carrier whenever possible!
1	I have never had more problems with an airline like this one.  I booked a flight from Sacramento to DFW with a connecting flight in Phoenix, AZ.  THe flight was delayed so much that I missed my connecting flight in Phoenix.  The airline had delayed the Phoenix flight to DFW 15 minutes and they still had 20+ people miss their flight.  They are very unorganized and I will NEVER fly them again.  The agent ended up giving him highlighted piece of paper to call for a hotel since he missed the last flight of the day.  It was only for $30 off. He still had to pay $70 when you include tax for something he couldn't help!  I had a previous situation that happened similar to this one where my had to stay the night in a hotel.  Luckily, on that trip they did pay for the hotel, however, I was given meal vouchers (without a car) to a McDonald's on the other side of a busy interstate about 1 mile way.  I have never had any problems with any other airlines.  I have never even written a review before, but this was makes for a good first.  I had forgotten about my previous incident being that it happen a few weeks ago.  I don't think there is anything that could change my view about this airline.  Never again.
4	I'm leaving on a jet airplane.... US Airways works for me. I guess we all have our airlines that we prefer so US Airways tends to work out with my scheduled and price points. I'm not an overly picky traveler so it doesn't take much. I still prefer SW airlines because of the whole baggage thing, but *shrugs*
1	Worst airline EVER! My boyfriend and I went to Catalina island for my birthday. We were stranded out there due to a huge storm, with no ferry or helicopter service to get us back to the mainland. Called the airlines to let them know we wouldn't be able to make our flight due to the bad weather and they wouldn't waive the change fee. So $400 later to be booked on a flight the next day. This will be the last time we ever fly them, Southwest will be it from this point forward.
1	I fly a lot and have been on various airlines....but, someone please explain to me something that boggles my mind....I bought a ticket...choose seats for my friend and me...Excited that I wouldn't have to sit next to a stranger for the long flight to Chicago. We were set for our trip.After checking into my flight the seats that we chose was not what was on our boarding pass. NOT even close. Huh? Surely this is just a mistake. So, I politely talked to a boarding agent. She advised me ever so rudely that the seats I chose were just a "request" and they didn't have to honor them. WTF. Maybe I'm slow, I don't understand...From what I recall from any other airline (save Southwest) when you buy your ticket and pick your seat, that's the seat you get. I understand that there may be seating changes to accommodate for families but why have your customers choose seats in the first place if you are just going to jumble them all around anyway? Then to be told with such ambivalence that those are "requested" seats and that you should feel happy getting on a flight that the airline overbooked is tacky and ridiculous.... Then as some sort of consolation they said I could pay an additional $79 to sit in the emergency aisle, just so that the person I booked my flight with originally and picked adjacent seats can sit together....why would I give US Airways another dime to sit in an exit seat I know they will just fill up because they constantly overbook.US Airways made me very cranky. Whatever savings you get with booking with them isn't worth the hassle and disappointment you'll get. I doubt I'll be flying with them, again.
2	The relationship that USAirways and I have is that of a love-hate relationship.  I continually bitch about their tardiness for flights, their crappy in-flight service, their stinginess with things, and on and on and on I can go about how they suck in my book.The problem is they almost ALWAYS have the cheapest airfare for my travel needs... not always, but almost always.  As such, I'm a rewards member with them and I (dare I call it love??) really like their low prices.I have flown tons of times via USAirways for my Cali travel as well as other regions of the state, so this review is based on ALL my experience with USAirways, not one single horrible or one single awesome experience - they've all averaged to a solid 2 stars.  Frankly, if you can handle not so great and below-average flight experience (not many people can, but I have pretty good will power for short-duration flights), this is a good cheap option.
1	US Airways is probably the worst airlines I've ever flown on. But I swear they usually offer the cheapest tickets. I put up with the bad customer service, delayed flight times, horrible inflight service, and outdated planes just because of the cheap price of the airline ticket.What sucks even more is I am a rewards member with them. I have enough to book a one-way flight but they do not allow you to book one way flights with your mileage points. You would have to be charged round-trip.  What's up with that! Once I have enough miles to book a round-trip flight I will do so and then hopefully never fly US Airways again.I say only fly US Airways is if its the cheapest by far or a last resort.
1	Our us airways flight from Santa Barbara to Phoenix was on time, smooth, without delay and renewed my faith in the idea of flying versus driving, etc.   However, my return flight shook my faith in this mode of transportation. We arrived to check in at sky harbor only to be told that it was too late to check in.  Our flight was for 5:49pm. It was 5:10pm.  We were told by our eye-fluttering attendant typing at the keyboard with a fake smile that we needed to arrive at least 45 minutes prior to departure.  We lost are already paid for seats.  Resisting the urge to grab him by the neck and bang his head on the counter to see what would fall out, I politely asked for options which he responded with two: 1) wait until 9:00 pm to fly standby 2) or depart the next morning at 8:30am.  Not wanting to wait fora hours to see if we could board an oversold flight, we chose the latter option. When we arrived in the morning to a chaotic crowd of passengers, there was little direction by us airways employees.  Instead they only contributed to the chaos by giving vague directions.  They wouldn't last five minutes in my classroom.  Clearly some employee training is overdue here. When we finally checked ourselves in, we faced gates changes, delays due to maintenance, and an ever increasing amount if disgruntled travelers surrounding us.  I'm glad it's over.  No more US Airways.
3	I just started flying US Airways in fall 2011.  I agree they are stingy as another poster claimed.  How do you not have food for purchase on an overnight flight?  Bad enough the terminal restaurants were all closed!  I was HUNGRY but had to console myself with snacks!  (Those Late July Organic Sea Salt Multigrain Chips & Zesty Tomato Salsa were bomb tho, lol).  Flying just ain't what it used to be....Overall it is easier to fly US Airways in terms of less busy terminals, easier check-ins and pick-up/drop offs.  I always arrive early or on-time.  Also due to their cheaper fares to NY and LA from PHX, I will be flying with them more often.
3	OK, not great, not good, just OK. (Which I think is sadly all we can expect out of ANY airline these days.)
1	The Worse Airline Ever....God Forbid if they buy AA they will also screw that airline up forever also.
3	It seems like the pilots of all of these planes don;t have steady hands. Every time we would land we would wobble and bounce... yea it sounds funny now but during the landing you truly wonder if you're in a pimpmobile or you're riding the stairway to heaven... Luckily I slept for most of the time so the only relative horror experience I had was the landing. Heads up!
1	ARRRGGHHHHHHH@#!@!! I have to say in life I try not to hate things. I think everyone will understand when I say I hate flying this airline.Mixed messages, rude staff, broken seats are all par for the course. I will avoid saving that few bucks on Price line and pay hard coin to be treated line a paying customer instead something that the overworked humanoids behind the desk have to process and deal with during our sometimes long uncomfortable time together.Ughh I need to take a shower after writing this I feel gross.
5	US Airways has been my domestic airline of choice. I experience the best connections and convenience in the variety in connections, period. I think in reading all of the reviews regarding delays....I hardly believe that there exists an airline that experiences better timing. Maybe I haven't noticed. But what I do notice is the hospitality factor. Flying isn't what it used to be prior to 9/11 but I DO appreciate US Airways and the positive service that I receive. They make a difference to me and my weekly schedule.Comparatively I feel they succeed other domestic choices.
1	Had the same issue with the 45 minute prior check-in.  I heard of such a thing being 30 minutes prior to check-in due to security reasons, we were at the 35 minute point so they definetely said no.  Their computers had already siezed up is what we were told, a security measure...federal rules to be exact.  Funny cuz Allegiant does no such thing.So we were stuck in Reno for the night and got the next flight out, said my buddies bag was to large for the over head compartment, yet it was fine on the arrival.  So he had to pay.  The couple in front of us had a bag that weighted 51 pounds, 1 pound over and gave them grief.  The lady freaked out and started taking out shoes and clothes and shoving it in carry ons.  I don't blame her, 1 pound over really?  They don't know what customer satisfaction is, I'll stick with Southwest and Allegiant thanks !
1	This place was hot, crowded, and gate changes were announced constantly. It seemed like everyone I saw was rushing off to some new gate other than the one they'd original been told. It made for a chaotic and cranky crowd. Given that I had a tight connection and a gate change myself, I can't say as I blamed them. The flight itself wasn't bad, but this gate has been terrible the last couple times I was there.
1	Terrible flight. Unaccompanied kids crawling on me, spilling drinks, throwing games. Contacted US Airways repeatedly, wouldn't offer _any_ material compensation whatsoever for 4.5h of discomfort. Their official policy is that if you get from point A to point B they don't care what happens in between. Avoid, awful.
1	This review is regarding the hard policy about filing a baggage claim within 4 hours of your flight.I landed at my destination, picked up my bag at the baggage claim carousel and went straight to my hotel.  I was not able to check in right away and did not open my bag until I was in my room, 3 hours later.  I had a business meeting to get to and did not have time to return to the airport to file a claim with the Baggage Resolution Center. My bag had been searched by TSA and I had a plastic bag inside that was torn open from the bottom and the contents inside were missing.  I sent an email to US Airways to file the complaint but then noticed that the official policy stated I had to file this request in person.  I was already passed the 4 hour window and was not able to do this in person.So when I returned to the airport 2 days later to fly out, I went to the US Airways counter and was told that this policy is strict and there are no exceptions.  This is outrageous!  How can this be their policy?  Other airlines do not have this ridiculously strict policy.  I'm going to fight this and see if I can have a more acceptable resolution. I will post a revised review if this get handled appropriately by US Airways.
2	Where do I start. Beautiful sunny day. What could possibly go wrong? First they forget to provide a plane for passengers departing to Chicago. The "tower" decides its better for all passengers to move to a different gate instead. Alright I could work with that. All passengers get to the next gate, and we are waiting for an hour to board the plane. Seriously, the flight attendants are moving slower than my grandpa. Laughing it up on the phone with friends. You're supposed to be working not chilling like a million. I understand that it's probably been a long day but smile for gods sake. You're providing a service, not a death sentence.
1	If I could write a review sans stars, I would.I had hoped that in a few years' time, US Airways should have had ample time to adjust to their negative feedback from a few years ago (the broad trend, not merely my own thoughts). Nope! And it almost seems as though they're proud of their poor reputation.Also, should anyone raise the issue of low profit margins in the airline industry, perhaps we should look to Southwest as a case study? http://www.slate.com/articles/business/operations/2012/06/southwest_airlines_profitability_how_the_company_uses_operations_theory_to_fuel_its_success_.htmlBack to this year's US Airways experience, it started when the boarding sign for my particular flight did not light up (though all others did), and I nearly missed my flight.OK, that was just the prequel, the real story began when we landed in New England, and given it was raining, the flight attendant said the baggage handlers would load up our international travel size commuter suitcases (that were formerly under the plane) on a luggage cart, for us to collect - ideally covering the suitcases from the rain. As I exited, I noticed mine was the only one on the top (3rd shelf), next to the pilot's. Unfortunately, the top shelf was as tall as I am, I was wearing heels, and carrying a backpack (could have toppled forward, if not for backward). I requested help, and the gate agent said I was taller than her. So? I still can't lift my bag from that height, can she please get someone to help me? No luck. I insist on pointing to the baggage handlers, what about them? She igrnoes me The baggage liaison woman then demands I get off the tarmac. Sure! Naturally, I say, as soon as I get my bag, but I cannot reach it. This continues. I lose my cool. It escalates. Finally another woman comes over, and helps me with my bag. Meanwhile, the baggage handlers stare and do nothing. I attempted to report this to a ticket counter agent, waited for 15 minutes for a supervisor, then ran out of time.If there were any other viable airline between the two destinations, I'd take them, hands down. Alas, no dice. I am stuck in an unhealthy frequent flyer relationship.
3	I had gone 5 years without stepping on to a US Airways flight. They treated me so badly back in 2007 that I swore to never give them another dime. This coming from someone who travels constantly and practically lives on airplanes. HOWEVER...I was on a work trip to Phoenix and really, really needed a nonstop flight back. Enter: US Airways. Hesitantly.Now, this experience solely reflects their A319 aircraft, which was clean and fairly comfortable like most Airbus planes. Also, like most Airbus planes, it was quiet. Generally, I prefer Airbus to Boeing from a comfort standpoint. But that's beside the point.The crew is what really made me upset on my last several US Airways experiences. I felt like none of them deserved a job, and I was hell bent on making sure my money didn't help them keep theirs. Low and behold, the staff on US Airways were completely different in 2012 than they were in 2007. Friendly, helpful...just about as much as you could ask of a crew on a US-based airline in the 21st century!I'm a high-up frequent flier on American, so most of my business will still go to them, but US Airways has now jumped above United and Delta as far as where I rank the "Big 5" airlines in this country.
3	I still have a hard time accepting the $25 baggage fee and paying for snacks on my flight.  I just assum that when I spend over $300 for a ticket that would include AT LEAST a free bag of pretzels.  Not the case.I do appreciate the flight from Phoenix to DCA running on time.  The agents at the gate were also pleasant and called each customer by his name when scanning the boarding ticket.  Customer service at it's finest.
1	Rude Staff.Old Planes.Multiple maintenance delays.Beer choice includes: Beck's, Budweiser & Bud Light.If I could give Zero stars, I would.
2	While coming home from Hawaii the Stewardess were very unpleasant. When I asked her what they had to drink she gives me this look like you should know.And I used the restroom to come out of it and they were serving the drinks for the second time and the cart was blocking my chair, they saw that I could not get through and proceeded to get all the passengers there drinks and not letting me in to sit, so I waited until they were finished all 20 passengers then sat down and they did not even bother to ask me if I would like a drink. Shame on the Steward est on that flight 47
1	Oh I forgot how much I hate you! You've  yet again managed to ruin another family vacation! I promised myself the last time that I would never fly you again.  But somehow I forgot. Delayed due to a malfunctioning generator?? Really and now you want me to go 5 hours cross country on you with my offspring! I will never ever fly you again.Missing the AZ diamondback game was the least of my worries.  Thinking that I was flying on an old decrepit plane....yeah pretty much occupied my mind.Your staff is rude.  You didn't even offer us a FREE snack after delaying us for 3 hours.  You made me want to write Jet Blue a love letter, asking for forgiveness because I cheated with a lesser quality airline.  I will never fly you again and OH I won't forget!!
2	I miss the days when flight attendants took pride in their appearance and were over the top nice.  The flight attendants for US Airways are run down and crabby.  There was an older Indian woman on my flight who did not speak English and they were very rude to her, it was hard to watch.  It really chaps my hide that luggage is now $25 so I've made adjustments in my packing to fit everything I need into two carry-ons.  At least they make you aware of the fee though, what I did not know is that they now charge for meals on flights across the country.  For $8 I got the nastiest sandwich they could throw together.  They also make you recycle, which is really cool but I wanted to throw away my plastic drink cup, put my tray up and pass out but I had to wait 20 minutes because they weren't collecting plastic at that time.Here's a tip US Airways, when you treat your customers like crap, it puts them in a bad mood.  It's not a good idea to put people in a bad mood when they're cramped in  a small area, surrounded by strangers and can't get out of their seat for 5 hours.
4	I really like the USAir Club upstairs near gate 11.This is a great place to rest and relax when you have a long layover in Phoenix.It's a roomy & modern club with a great view of the airport runways.You have complimentary domestic beer and wine. Occasionally they have specials like this evening with Segrams. You get a choice of three mixers with any shot of liquor.They have free Wi-Fi.Very nice and professional staff.
5	4 excellent flights this month!  Great staff.And thank you for finding my lost item and shipping it to me.
1	The Gate Attendant was incredibly rude and disrespectful to us if front of other customers (and, this was after we volunteered to give up our window seat because she needed someone to sit in the exit isle.)  No perks, no thank you, simply a shrew of an employee having a bad day and then taking it out on a customer. Let's put it this way, she was so rude that all three (3) flight attendants who overheard her, apologized to me later during the flight.  One even offered to buy me a drink.  While I appreciate their efforts, I'm horrified that a US Airways Gate Attendant has no customer service training and is allowed to strut around like the monarch shouting "Off with their heads."  The incident gave us a very poor image of US Airways.Next time we'll book with another airline.
5	As dependable as any other airline. Have had interesting experiences never bad..
3	Oversold flight... How exactly that happens? Was flying back home from an Iron Maiden concert in Phoenix and found, to my surprise, that although I'd paid for my reservation and checked in early, my flight was oversold. I was pissed to say the least. This review started @ 1 star. I raised it to 3 because the staff actually found me a very comfortable seat on the same flight... and I was able to get out quickly. The flight attendants were really nice and courteous.So? I was happy.
1	US AIRWAYS - The WORST customer service!!  Have you also had a horrible experience with this airline?Recently, my wife and I flew from Phoenix to Munich via Los Angeles. The first leg was (unfortunately) on US Airways through the 'Star Alliance', which is a group of airlines that claim to work together to make the flying experience more enjoyable.  We were scheduled to connect to our Lufthansa for the flight to Germanyleg in Los Angeles. What we experienced was horrible customer service on US Airways, leaving me to question what is the benefitof the Star Alliance?The details: The US Airways agent refused to check our bags from Phoenix to our final destination, even though they are in the Star Alliance with Lufthansa, which they claim makes it all one big happy family of airlines....    When we asked why the US Airways agent wouldn't check our bags through, as we had all our boarding passes and were checked in for all our flights, he decided to (we find out later) lie and say that 5 days prior, US Airways changed its policies to no longer allow luggage to be checked to a final destination if you are connecting as part of your trip. It had never been this way, based on the benefits of the Star Alliance, and we make this trip every year, so were very put off by his lack of help. The result - my wife had to sprint and catch a shuttle in the very busy Los Angeles airport to get to the international terminal, begging Lufthansa to wait for her sweating husband, who had to wait (and wait) to pick up our bags in baggage claim and bring them to the Lufthansa ticket counter to be rechecked for the long flight. Unfortunately, the US Airways flight left Phoenix 1  1/2 hours late, dwindling our connection time, concerning us that our bags would not make it on the flight to Munich.Thankfully, the ticket agent at the Lufthansa counter was amazing, claiming it was not a problem to get our bags on the plane, even with such a short amount of time before takeoff, (he even had an additional agent waiting to take our bags if need be) but informed us that the US Airways ticket agent had told us wrong information.  He said the "new regulation" the US Airways agent referred to does not exist, especially since we had our boarding passes from Los Angeles to Munich already printed.  Basically the US Airways agent had lied to us and refused to help.What matters here is that US Airways has a complete disregard for customer service, has no issue taking money for an expensive ticket, yet lacks any desire to deliver customer service or provide the services they claim they provide to their customers. My wife and are were so frustrated and so put off by the lack of help to get us checked through to our final destination, that I had to share this story.  Don't believe everything you are told by these airlines, and DEMAND better service!    We will be looking for a different airline option next time we fly - choosing not to fly on US Airways based on this experience.
3	I was worried to fly US Airways at the begging but it was alright. When i made a connection here from San Francisco i realized that this is the hub and headquarters for this airline i believe. My experience was not bad but not very great either, it's more on the bad side but I was okay with the service. It was like any other airline I've been to such as American and United. Just a side note, the PHX airport is HUGE and nice.
4	I recently flew US Air Express through Phoenix and was pleasantly surprised how enjoyable an experience it was!  Gate agents and flight attendants were exceedingly friendly and helpful, even offering to allow me to switch seats so that I had an empty seat next to me, which is a big plus when travelling with an infant.  Of the four flight segments, two were on time and the other two were early!  As an experienced and frequent traveller, my priorities when travelling are in this order: 1. Safety; 2. Price; 3. Comfort.  While travelling with them, all of the planes were in good working order, spotlessly clean and surprisingly comfortable (as comfortable as a coach seat can be).  They are a no-frills airline, which is fine by me.  I prefer to bring my own food and snacks, plus I can entertain myself with a book or iPad movie, no need for them to provide entertainment and raise the price of a ticket.  Oh and they provide complimentary non-alcoholic beverages, including my favorite Mr. Pibb/Pibb Extra.  They actuallly made two passes with beverage cart during my short flights.I also had to contact their customer service department to make a change for my return trip and did not have any wait time, plus a pleasant and helpful person to accomodate my change.Actually looking forward to flying with them again when the need arises.  Perhaps US Air is starting a new era of providing excellent customer service, while also having low fares.  Will keep an eye on them!
5	ALWAYS love my US Airways. Who can argue with the great first class service in first class and when you have had 3 jack and cokes and you ask the stewardess for another one and her question is, "Are you driving?" to which I very politely responded, "No, Im flying!" She lost it laughing and brought me another jack and coke. I tipped her $30 as I got off the plane for her sense of humor and keeping me happy. And no, I wasn't driving, my hubby picked me up at the airport. AWESOME FLIGHT!
2	My expectations for airline travel are quite low. Here's my own personal passenger bill of rights:I must make my connection when I have one.I should never have to sit in a middle seat.I should reach my destination no later than 2 hours after the promised arrival time.US Airways consistently challenges those three requirements.  Let's start with connections; the connections are quite compressed, like 30 minutes.  That is unreasonable and leaves no room for error.  If you miss the connecting flight then it is nearly impossible to get on the next flight because it is booked, in fact overbooked.  I have missed my connection multiple times due tight scheduling by US Airways.As for the middle seat, let's just say that is pure torture to me.  US Airways charges you for an aisle or a window, even in economy.  Lame.  I am now trained to pay for exit row or the 'plus' sections on other carriers, but US Airways has taken this to a whole new level of stinginess and revenue generation.  Booh!Usually if I am within 2 hours of my expected arrival time I can recover.  Whether it is catching up on rest, rescheduling a meeting, grabbing a late dinner, 2 hours seems to be a reasonable delay - I told you my expectations are low!  US Airways has only achieved a 50% success rate and that is an F in absolute terms and at best a D if you grade on the generous airline curve.US Airways is definitely not my first choice.
3	My first flight riding US Airways I needed an Ass-pillow bad!!! but that was probably 6 or 7 years ago, oh yes...those harden seats during my flight from Phoenix to Dallas. I remember those twitching and wincing experience and then Ass relieve once I've got off my seat for arrival. What's was up with that?!? two centimeter cushion seats?Nowadays I've used US Airways going to PHX for connecting flights, and it feels that there doing away those uncomfortable economy seats, well maybe a slight upgrade to half an inch of padding, but those rides have gotten better now.The service is okay, some flight attendants smile, talk a lot, or just look tired of their job. They do have decent rates, but hey you get what you pay for and still serviceable.
1	I've been in sales and customer service/client management for over thirty years and I can't think of the last time I've seen a more uncaring attitude than what I saw today.  One of our boarding passes misprinted and we had to reprint at the airport.  As I was reprinting it we had two couples walk past talking about the worst customer service ever, never flying US Airways again, rudest they've ever been treated, etc. We were at the gate over an hour early and I decided to check the score on the Niners' game at the bar.  While I was walking there I passed the US Airways Customer Service counter.  I went to the CSR and explained the situation and suggested that if someone talked to them to find out what the situation and suggest that they could probably rectify the situation. The response stunned me.  Her answer was that it's not worth doing because she's been in the industry nearly 30 years and some people are just never happy.  If she offered a free meal they'd be mad that it wasn't two.  If she offered a $5 food voucher they'd be mad that it wasn't $10 and that if they were that mad they'd come to her to talk about it. She finalized that it just isn't worth trying to make these passengers happy and that she's heard that people will never fly her airline again because next week if US Airways is the lowest price those people will be right back on US Airways. Nice job, Lady at the Customer Service counter who's name I'm really tempted to use here.  If you'd shown that you cared about the customer enough to even find out what the situation was you might have retained four customers.  As it is you just lost six.
1	Nothing is new here about my bad experience. But hopefully I can shed some light into their evil world. And then the travelers can choose wisely.US Worst has retained its title for me in 2011.Typical story. Mechanical failure. Flight was delayed in Palm Springs. I missed the connection in Phoenix. I was rescheduled for later flight. A delay of 4 hours.I always avoid US Worst but sometimes it's just impossible. It helps when US Worst is part of Star Alliance (Wrong... more later). I was a United Premier member. I thought I still can get my benefit on US Worst. That's a wrong assumption.I have experienced nightmares on more than 50% of US Worst flights. More so lately... 100% in past 2 years (2 flights). Luckily I've shifted all possible flights to other not so worst airlines.To make a long tedious nightmare educational:1) US Worst does not recognize the full status of United Premier. Not like United and Continental.2) It's business as usual for US Worst. The costumer service rep expressed indifference. It reminds me of rental clerks in Las Vegas and FlorIda ("you don't like it? Too bad! Move aside, there's a long line waiting for our premiere service") There is no apology. The mechanic failure and that delayed flight did not qualify for any compensation.So travelers, kowtow to the Almighty US Worst whom provides world class service to everyone. I wonder what service you will get in economy class.
4	I enjoy flying US Airways. Their seats are more comfortable than other airlines and the staff has always treated me right regardless of which airport I'm flying in/out of.
1	Customer service was pretty rotten. Almost all the staff were rude and impatient and the whole experience was generally unpleasant. I won't fly this airline again-not voluntarily.
1	We purchased our tickets well in advance and had our itinerary in hand for a round trip to and from South Carolina through Charlotte and Phoenix on the way home. To our horror an easy one hour layover turned into 5 hours at Phoenix. The original flight seems to have magically disappeared if it ever existed at all. This would have been acceptable if they had let us know they were changing our flight. They sent us a confirmation email before the day of travel and never mentioned the change. There were 4 flights from Charlotte to Phoenix, we would have taken a later one had we known and not gotten up at 2am to get that first one only to be stuck in the busiest airport I have ever seen. The sinister, evil part in all this is the Sky Mall, I think they intentionally delay people in these airports so you will spend money in their Sky Mall. WHO SHOPS FOR SUITS IN THE AIRPORT? My biggest problem in all of this is that they did not tell me about the change. People should do what they say they are going to do and if they cannot then they should inform the people involved. If you fly US Air be aware your gate will change, your flight may change. You will pay to check your suit case and you will pay through the nose to eat on the plane and in the Sky Mall! There will be no TV, no radio, no blankets on the the plane, and they WILL run out of overhead space for your baggage. You will save some money though. Happy Skies!
1	Thought I was getting a good deal on a direct flight to SFO on United from AUS for the Thanksgiving holiday. US Airways (the partnered carrier) canceled my return flight as I was about to jump on BART to get to the airport. The automated call I received, which I could barely understand because SF is a city and freakin' loud in every public space, said I had been rebooked on a flight leaving the following day at 5am AND connecting in Denver. I paid for a direct flight, not a Denver connection and not the next freakin' day. Calling the carrier directly and getting some other more realistic same-day options yielded better results, but I would have been far better off if I had known the flight was cancelled with more than 2 hours notice. I missed earlier options because I could not physically get to the airport in time. I will never ever ever fly this airline or their "partners" again.
1	I don't know if it's worth wasting my very first ever 1 star review on US Airways, but I feel pretty slighted!  It's been two months and I'm still compelled.  ;)I bought a 2 leg itinerary with US Airways operating the first leg through their Star Alliance.  My flight was delayed by an hour and late into Denver.  The connecting flight to Vancouver on United was two terminals away and I had no boarding pass yet (can't print boarding passes for connecting flights on a different airline, so I hear).  Needless to say, I was unable to make the connecting flight and needed to reschedule.  The folks at United got me rescheduled for the next morning but referred me to the US Airways desk to see about my hotel since US Airways' flight into Denver was late.I'm still agitated that the CSR at the desk was on the phone for about 30-45 minutes "checking" on a hotel for me and then came back to inform me that they wouldn't be providing any accommodations since I had a 10 minute window to run through 2 terminals about 1/2 mile with my luggage to the United gate.  The 1/2 mile luggage run through 2 terminals wasn't part of my Crossfit routine and I'm out $80 for my own hotel room.I give you one star, and may God have mercy on your souls.
1	Flight attendant spilled water on my MacBook ProFried itI work from homeIt is my livelihoodAirline won't pay for it Cites "we don't pay for electronics" I want my machine replacedNow
2	Disorganized lines at check-in. Old plane seats that reminded me of times when I flew with family when I was like 8 years old. Bored-looking flight attendants.Here's a story: I've never been so frightened by an airline associate in my life. While I was up getting checked in, a TSA officer approached the associate helping me, a tired looking older Asian lady, with a customer whose son had booked the wrong flight for him. The TSA officer explained the situation and asked the associate to help fix the problem. My associate claimed it wasn't her fault. The two proceeded to bicker back and forth with increasing volume and attitude until everyone in the general vicinity had stopped to listen to them yell at each other about good customer service and yadayada. When the TSA officer stormed off and the associate turned back to me, I thought she was going to bite my head off.Anywho, luckily none of my flights were delayed or rudely handled like some of the over reviewers I see here, so extra gold star. But I will avoid US Airways from now on.
1	This is my first review. I think eveyone should know to never fly US Airlines. The customer service people were super RUDE. They over charge for everything. If it looks like a deal, it's not at the end. I could say much more but why. Try anyone else. By the way I fly a lot and have never seen anything like this company's treatment of customers!
4	I want to let you know that US Airways reimbursed me for the repairs after all. I also got a nice apology letter. Maybe it was the Yelp review. Regardless, I have a check.
4	great flight to OC...quick and quiet, the way it should be :)
1	My ticket had the wrong gate number, and once I was figured it  out I ran across 2 terminals to get let through the doors but I was not allowed on the plane. Don't trust your ticket Gate number, I was told to 'always look on the monitors'
1	IT IS ONE OF THE WORST EVER AIRPORT AGENT EXPERIENCES. I came to Phoenix for a short vacation to escape from my stress with my husband. We left downtown Tempe 2 hours before our plane. By the time we arrived at the airport it was 40 min before our plane left. The agent called CARLA F.C. with the employee number 216471 told us that we were --too late-- that we cannot take the plane and need to buy new tickets. I asked to talk to a manager. She said she is "the boss (AKA supervisor)" and wanted me repeat aloud that I am 8 min late to check in. I asked for her ID number and name. While she was hiding her badge she was quick to call security. By the time security arrived we figured that there is actually a manager called Cheryl Munez. She told us that we could have checked in if it was 20 min earlier ( meaning 10 min later than we arrived). I was expecting some kind of half way SORRY. But, what I got was "we cannot compensate anything". Be kind that we don't charge for the exchange. Now I am sitting at the airport for 6 hours missing the only direct plane to RDU. Carla gets off being mean to customers. She misleads customers and calls the airport security frequently that security remembers her. US Airways Phoenix is a scam bag, misleading and horrible to their customers. I have never had such an incident as I fly at least ten times a year. I think it is because I don't fly with US Airways. From now on I will put conscious effort that I will never fly with US Airways!!
1	If there was a chance to give them 0 star I would after this email. They anticipate unreasonable and mean behavior.Dear Dr. Ballan:Thank you for contacting Customer Relations at US Airways. We welcome the opportunity to address your concerns regarding your recent departure from Phoenix.I'm sorry you were not able to check in for your flight. As you may already know, each airport has specific guidelines about check-in times to ensure customers and bags make it through security and to the aircraft on time. Once the check-in cutoff time has arrived, the computer system automatically restricts the ability to check any passenger in for the flight. Although I'm happy our agents were able to book you on the next flight with available seats, I realize this was a frustrating situation for you.For Phoenix specifically, if you're checking bags at the ticket counter, you must check in at least 45 minutes before departure. Because the 45 minute requirement was not met, you were not able to be checked-in for flight 1550.Thank you for giving us this opportunity to address your concerns. We realize you have a choice when flying and we thank you for choosing US Airways.Sincerely,Sara BerkRepresentative, Customer RelationsUS Airways Corporate Office
5	I don't care for flying but it's way better then a 10 hour drive!!US Airways has never disappointed me in a flight. They have always been on time for me, never lost my luggage and are efficiant in the work they do. The flight attentends have always been kind and helpful. If I have the choice I will always chose US Airways.
1	Every time my company books my flight through this airline... I get screwed!I travel for business and this is the airline that i sometimes have to travel because of the flight schedule works with my... unfortunately. I literally cringe with this company. The flight that the flight attendant "hated her job"... flight UA4551... she was rude and hated being there... She slammed cabinets and sounded as if she was board talking on to us during her safety speech and when we landed. The flight that got me to finally type this review out was flight US Airways 52 Minneapolis to Phoenix. My flight arrived late to Minneapolis which lead us to leave Minneapolis 35 minutes late and I missed my connection to Phoenix by 10 minutes. They did give me amenities for the night (they couldn't get my luggage) and they didn't give me food vouchers. They put me up in a crap hotel in Phoenix. There are actually stains on their comforters.My flight I missed was to Ontario California from Phoenix. I pre-paid for a upgraded seat. When the "customer service" representative was re-booking my flight, she was going to put me on an exit middle seat after I had paid for a up-grade window seat. When I asked her to change my seat she was okay about it but wasn't happy she had to call someone to get it done. She actually tried to convince me that it was okay to sit in the exit seat that would recline.  This company needs to update their planes. their seats are old and dirty. The planes carpet is stained and old. I cringe when I see my itinerary with their information on it... how sad is that. Please do not contact me with a silly pre-written standard letter that your legal department has drafted for you. It would only be icing on the cake.
1	I can't even begin or I will combust out of heated anger. I am not one to complain or gripe, but US Airways was NOT THE BUSINESS...literally.Booked a flight to JFK with JetBlue from LAX, but decided to fly US Airways home since they offered such a good deal for an early flight home. I figured, "Hey, it can't be that bad," since it was a flight back to Orange County with a connection in Phoenix--but no plane change. So far, so good.5:00 am: Arrive at JFK for my 6:30 flight. Check-in, go through security with no problems.5:45 am: US Airways is understaffed so the flight is delayed 15 minutes. No big deal.6:00 am: Flight delayed another 15 minutes.6:15 am: See above.6:30 am: See above. Flights to LA, Las Vegas, Utah, and San Diego must be rescheduled. But, "flights to Orange County will be fine."6:45 am: Flight delayed another 15 minutes.7:00 am: Flight delayed 30 minutes.7:30 am: See above.8:00 am: After two hours, we finally board.8:30 am: En route to Phoenix.11:35 am: Arrive in Phoenix, MISS ALL OUR CONNECTING FLIGHTS11:45 am: Get angry that flights were missed, get angrier after finding out the next flight to Orange County is 3 hours later.3:30 pm: Arrive to SNA, 4 hours later than schedule, call my boss and apologize for being 2 hours late to work. Also realize I'm never flying US again!
1	Update: In addition to the aforementioned disasters, they made me gate check my handbag, which defeated the whole point of packing only a carry-on (so I wouldn't have to go through baggage claim).NOT COOL.
1	It is getting funnier with US Airways. Be careful when you go with them!! If the employees had an argument with their spouses they might call the security on you!!They will have a blast when you are embarrassed and hopelessly wait for the next available flight in 6 hours. Dear Dr. Ballan:Thank you for contacting Customer Relations. We appreciate it when customers take the time to share their concerns. Thank you for taking the time speaking with me today.I have carefully reviewed everything in your file based on your continued concerns regarding the security issue with the Phoenix Gate Agent.As I stated in our conversation, it is up to the agent's discretion if they feel security should be called to de-escalate a situation. This is based on the safety for all of our passengers. We have documented your file and added your comments. A copy of this file has been forwarded to Phoenix Management for their review.Ms. Ballan, I'm sorry that we couldn't reach an amicable resolution to the situation.We appreciate the time you took to contact us regarding this matter. Above all, we appreciate your business and look forward to serving you on a future US Airways flight.Sincerely,Gina SeynLead Representative, Customer RelationsUS Airways Corporate Office
3	What can I say except meh.  I forget why I had a ticket for US airlines, but it was probably because they were the cheapest or best time slot.  It may have been both since it was for work and they give you very little flexibility on cost.Anyway, I had a credit to use, and use it I did.  The whole experience went strangely smooth.  I got email reminders, checked in online, got to the airport on time, and the flights left more or less on time.My biggest gripe is the outrageous cost for any seat that is not the middle.  I pre selected my seats a month ago and no charges were visible.  Needless to say, this was not the case when checking in the day before.  The one small mercy of a connection is not being stuck in the middle for an extended period, I had to get up to leave the plane.
1	Rude people work for this airline and the planes are old and seats really tight. One of the worst in the US. In line with other awful airlines like united or American. If u can, fly virgin
1	Unbelievable! Read this little story! The flight was overbooked and the crew was disorganized. Flight was scheduled to leave at 10:50pm from Phoenix to San Francisco. The plane boarded on time. But come to find out the on board computer fan needed replacement. They kept us on the plane for an hour before they told us they were searching for spare parts. Once they claimed that they found the parts they needed us to un-board and wait at the gate. I forgot to mention this is after we already hit the runway before takeoff. This is where it gets fun. They send us across the airport to another terminal where a new plane awaits. We all gather at the new gate and learn that the plane is actually at the other end of the airport and we were misinformed. We all cross the airport to the new terminal. After we sit in the second plane and head for the runway we are told this pane has a problem too and we need to return to the gate. After sitting on that plane for an hour or so we are asked to exit the plane and  to head to a different gate where a third plane awaits. By this time it's after 1am. We arrive to the new gate and board the third plane. We head for the runway.......Alas! This plane is broken too! It's now 1/4 to 3 and we are sitting in another terminal waiting to board the 4th plane wondering if we are ever going to make it home safely. Okay, it's 3am. We are now on the 4th plane in hopes it doesn't malfunction before takeoff. . .
1	I kind of laugh a bit as I read other reviews on how bad US Scare (I like to call them) suck!  Yes, you have the rudest gate bitches I have ever had to deal with.  This is my second time (I am now 0-2) for missing my connecting flight home and the rude women at gate B1 today were so rude again.  Not a sorry till I got to the customer  service desk but that too was a bit condescending.  If you hate your jobs that bad then go pick fruit. You might even shed a few pounds too.  Pleas folks, do not fly US Air through Phoenix.....EVER!
3	US Air has gone downhill fast over the past few years. I use to be a frequent flyer and had "status" with them due to work travel. The past year or so I have not been traveling as much and they act like I was never that frequent customer. To me, that does not deserve my business. I'd rather fly on an airline that appreciates all customers, from first class to the back of the plane, and takes the time to present a clean, modernized travel experience.
2	I am not impressed at all.  But I have no choice cuz I have to fly to Phoenix.  If I had another choice, I would not fly with US Air.  I had to pay to check in my lugguage.  Service is bad.  Nothing is good.  Don't know how they remain in business.
3	Our flights were on time for the most part and we didn't miss any connections, so I can't totally ding them.  However, we were on a 6 1/2 hour flight to Hawaii from Phoenix and they didn't offer anything to eat all.  Soft drinks were free, but snacks were available for purchase!  And, they warned at the beginning that they were sorry if they ran out before they got to you, they didn't have that many snacks on board that day.  What a crock.  We were super hungry by the time we go to Maui.
1	My plane was grounded due to mechanical issues, and I had to spend 20 hours in the airport. Did I receive a food voucher? No. Even after requesting one, the US airways help desk stated that although they used to offer this, the policy has changed. Nevertheless, I was given a $200 voucher for a future flight due to the massive delays. This was a good thing. However, when I called to make the reservation with the voucher, it was 1 hr beyond the 1 year expiration date... literally just one hour. The reservation agent told me that she was locked out of the system due to the expired voucher and could not process it. Who can help?... She advised that I contact customer service, and does customer service have a phone number? No, they do not talk to people. They can only be reached via the automated contact form on the site. So, I contacted them via the form. Three days later I received an email back stating that my voucher would not be honored even though I was only one hour away from it still being valid when I called to make my reservation. I may still attempt to contact the US Airways corporate office, as the above contact info is apparent for the corporate office department in Phoenix, AZ, (800) 428-4322 ... but I'm not expecting much. I'll change this review if I'm treated like a human being rather than a number. A company this large refuses to speak with its customers ... as a matter of policy. Wow. Once a recurring customer, now ... will never fly with them again.
3	Perhaps my disdain for Phoenix Sky Harbor is bleeding over into the big US Airways carrier there, but I'm hardly enthused about the joint.Firstly, it always seems that they can't pull it together. Southwest suffers this same fate here, so perhaps it really is the curse of the airport, but my gates always change, things are always delayed, and that's a serious pain at PHX.What I do like is that you've got plenty of options. As noted, they are indeed a big carrier at this 'port, so you've got a bunch of departures and arrivals to choose from, and you can link up to a lot of places across the US. Are they my favorite carrier? Hardly. Kinda chintzy. But they sometimes win the price/convenience war and they're not so bad that you won't take them up on saving a few bucks every so often in PHX.
1	Due to maintenance issues, flight 335 is delayed 3hrs, i will miss my connection and I am stuck in the airport ALL day today waiting on USAIR to reroute me from CABO to Reno. It's a wonderful way to waste the last day of my vacation. If I had been given reasonable notice, I could have stayed at the hotel. But no... They don't say a word until I get to the airport, too late to head back.And do they offer any sort of compensation for wasting my day? No. I'm not even sure I got a proper apology. USAIR = delays, bad service and a never apologize culture. Usair, You owe me my day back.I will avoid flying with them in the future.
1	How in this day and age can you still have airplanes without WiFi?! What century is this again? Flew out of SFO for a Phoenix layover to Detroit. The first leg (the shortest leg) had WiFi but the almost 4.5 hour portion did not. How can that be?! And guess what on the return trip it was the exact same thing plus an older plane. I asked the flight attendant about this and she said they were still trying to get WFi on all of their planes. Inexcusable! And I heard on the news that they're raising the price on changing flights up to $200.I hope I never have to fly you again.Cheers!
1	I booked a ticket through US Airways from SFO-TPE (Taipei, Taiwan) about three months ago. At the time, we were not given the opportunity to select seats when we booked the tickets online. Since then, we've been given the run-around on how to acquire seats. Most people are probably thinking, what is the big friggin' deal? Well, being newlyweds, traveling to Asia for our honeymoon, being able to next to each other on a 13-hour flight IS a big friggin' deal!Here's the gist of the rhetoric that is given to us after about 20 phone calls spanning the last few months:US Airways: We don't have access to their seat maps. This is a flight operated by EVA Air, please contact them.EVA Air: You booked the flight through US Airways, so you need to get your seats from them.US Airways: There is no way we can assign you seats. Since this flight is operated by EVA Air, call them for seat assignments.EVA Air: You booked the flight through US Airways. Have them make a request for seat assignments, THEN we will assign you seats.US Airways: I don't know how to submit such a request, but have asked my supervisor to do so.(a month passes)US Airways: We still don't see confirmation of seating assignments. Call EVA Air to have them assign you seats. They're the operating airline for this flight.EVA Air: You booked the flight through US Airways, so they need to make a request for seat assignments. We are not able to pull up your records from the Confirmation Code or the Flight #s because those are ones associated with US Airways. Call them for seat assignments.US Airways: We cannot assign you seats because it's operated through EVA Air. We can put in a generic request. _________________________________________Mind you this conversation has gone on for the last three months, neither airline able to give us our seat assignments. This basically means we have to show up at the airport and take whatever seats are left. Most likely they won't be together nor will we have the aisle seats we requested. On both ends, they keep pushing the responsibility onto the other airline. It's always, "We can't do this." "We don't do this." "We don't have access to this." Seriously, why partner with another airline when you can't do something as simple as assign seats to your customers? We are well into the 21st Century, and it's the year 2013. If you can't put a seat map on the web for customers to select seats when they're purchasing the ticket, you need to revisit Corporate Efficiency 101. How is it that requests are put in time after time with no response from EVA Air, and NO ONE does anything about that? There is a communication breakdown somewhere, but no one cares enough to do anything about it (citing "it's not company protocol to contact the other airline about this matter), nor do they want to want to improve upon this issue. Think twice before booking a flight from US Airways operated by a foreign airline. Actually, don't even think about it. Just don't do it!
1	Fly another airline.  Best advise I can give!
4	One of the nicest airlines to stand-by passengers!
1	First time I flew with them, and I have to say I encountered the most rude employee at the Phoenix airport. The airport was completley dead and I wanted to see if my mileage got added to my ticket. I noticed there was a worker on the phone for 30+ minutes at an empty gate that I was waiting at, so I finally walked over. And waited. Another passenger asked me if I was waiting and that finally cued her to ask her what I wanted. I told her (while she was still on a personal call) and she quickly took care of what I needed with attitude. The customer behind me asked her "se habla espanol?" and she said no and told her to go to customer service next door. He asked where again, and she snapped and told her NEXT DOOR! YOURE WELCOME! Then she hung up the phone and muttered a bunch of crap and left. If you hate your job that much then find a new one!
4	Ok, so maybe it's because I have a little bit of status with US Airways that I'm biased for and lately, their planes that I have been on have been newer (albeit typically smaller planes than some airlines).  The staff has always been professional and friendly in my dealing with them. So, for me to be a happy camper, I just need newer planes, friendly staff, and good connections. They give me that.
2	I never truly understand how terrible their customer service is, until I fly with another airline.I travel often (6+ times a year) with my 2 kids who have been flying since they were literally days old.  They know the drill (going through security, seatbelt, put things under seat, turn ipods/movies off, tray tables, etc).I don't know how many times I've gotten on a plane and attendants start hounding and  keep giving us "special attention"... Example, we are JUST getting to our seats, and they put their backpacks or something on the seat while they get seated and organized, etc and a flight attendant is barking at me "MA'AM! BAGS HAVE TO GO UNDERNEATH THE SEAT!!!" or a couple of times when the tray table is messed up and goes down at the slightest touch: "MA'AM! TRAY TABLE HAS TO STAY UP DURING TAKE OFF AND LANDING!!!"  God help me if I ask for an extra sugar for my coffee.I understand flight attendant jobs are to keep everyone safe, but do you have to be so rude about it? I also understand the Airline Industry is jacked up (especially these low cost carriers) and over-working their employees, lousy pay for what they have to do, etc.  Still, if you don't like your job, go find something else to do.Living in the Phoenix area, well, they are convenient with their destinations and prices, but whenever I fly another airline I really notice it. Hence, my motivation to work harder so I can make more money, so than when we do travel, we can do it more comfortably.
1	I avoid flying US Airways at all costs.  I have had a sub-par experience every time i have flown.  The employees are never very helpful for friendly, they always load the plane too quickly and back everyone up way into the jet way.  They always run out of bin space and force you check your carry ons and the plans are always fairly dirty/out of shape.  This past trip, we were stuck on the plane for an additional 30 minutes after the plane landed (part of this was without power in the Vegas heat).  The staff told us that they were having trouble lining up the jetway with the plane.  I have NEVER not had a problem when flying US Airs!  Fly Southwest.  ..at least they are friendly!
1	I will never ever fly US Airways again! My departure city was Phoenix. We were on the runway for 40 minutes after our scheduled departure, with no explanation of why we were sitting there.  Finally the flight attend gets on the intercom and announces we have to turn back to the gate due to a "maintenence issue".  Really?  It took you 40 minutes to realize this?  they turn back to the gate and the problem is fixed within the next 15 minutes.  We take off to Chicago (where we had a layover).  I knew time was going to be close since we basically were getting in an hour later.  We asked the flight attendent if there is anything they can do like call the other airline so we don't miss our flight.  she said she would accounce that those whose final destination is Chicago please stay seated and let those with close connecting flights off of the plane. Of course no one followed the instructions.....or very few did.  We get there and US airways had absolutely no gate information for connecting flights.  WHY?  we get off the plane 15 minutes before our connecting flight is scheduled to depart.  we ask the US Airways customer sercvice guy right outside the gate if he could tell us where our connecting flight was flying out of.  This took a while since we had to get his attention since he was playing on the computer.  He told us terminal 1, we run all the way over there, with our 5 month old, stroller, carseat and carryon.  No one is there, no flights scheduled.  We ask someone else after showing them our ticket, they tell us termial 3, we run back that direction.  Our flight wasn't there either. meanwhile we are running and calling US AIrways customer servioce to get direction. they tell us the flight we provided them with is a American Airlines flight. WHAT? It clearly says US Airways on the top of our ticket. We go to american airlines and of course we have missed our flight.  American Airlines sends us to US Airways baggage claim as there  is no one at any ticket counters.  We tell the person there of the situation and they put us on another flight, and put us in a hotel room for the night.  Though this was not easy to get done, she was rude and questioning why we needed these accomdations!!  I could not believe it!  They told us that our rebooked flight will go out at 6:12am out of terminal 1.  We get to the hotel and are starving. We thought the voucher they gave us included food.  BUT it did not.  Even the hotel cuctomer service rep was shocked and said "scammers".  Basically the only place that delivered at that hour was pizza and the bill with delivery came to 50.00!!  Out of our own pockets after us airways screw up! We get to the airport 2 hours early the next morning and go to termial one as instructed.  Customer service rep tells us, you are on a us airways flight out of terminal THREE!  Here we go again..... luckily we made that flight. the next issue though is when we got to our final destination our luggage was not there as promised.  We had to file a claim for it and showed that it would be on the next flight and they assured us we would get it delivered to where we were staying by 2pm that same say.  Of course 2pm comes and goes, we called the number that transferred us to someone in India.  They tell us they see that our luggage was on the 1pm flight but they have no confirmation that it actually arrived.  We continue waiting as they told us.  It never showed up (surprise). My husband's CPAP machine was in there that he needs to breathe at night, my baby's meds that they wouldn't let us carry on were in there along with his dairy free, soy free formula and diapers.  We had to go buy diapers, wipes, formula and my husband had to stay awake overnight because he could die without his machine.  The next morning we call again and no one answers so we drove back to the airport (an hour drive) and they couldn't find our luggage.  After being consistent with them they finally find it, and it had been sitting there since 1pm the previopus day, but was not giving to anyone to deliver.  If you want a decent travel experience do not fly US Airways!!!!
4	Since I'm in a Eugene O'Neill frame of mind, I'm going to title this review as "A Moon for the Misbegotten."In my review of our return flight from BOS, initially on American and ultimately US Air to PHX, I called it: "A Long  Days Journey into Night."  That was due to the scheduling mishap and "equipment issues" experienced on that trip. We were moved from a connecting flight on American, to a non-stop on US AirAfter arriving in PHX, our bags were somehow where misplaced.  The AA folks in BOS promised they would get word down stairs to the baggage handlers to move it over to US Air.  Well, we arrived on time, but with no bag in the carousel as you would say.The nice thing about traveling today, as opposed to twenty years ago is all the technology the airlines use.  They were able to locate our bag, since it was scanned in our original connecting airport of DFW. Wow. But, they weren't sure where it was just now. Ugh.They took all our information and promised they would find it and deliver it to our front door. Hmmm I thought, but they were very reassuring and sincere about it.  So yesterday around four o'clock our doorbell rang and yes, there was our bag.  Looking no worse for it's side trip to DFW.  But now we have a mystery.  Why did our bag have a United Airlines tag, over the original American Airlines one?  Sometimes, life is about not asking too many questions! LOL
1	Our flight out of San Francisco was delayed due to maintenance issues. We were flying to Phoenix connecting to a flight to Puerto Vallarta. The delay would have caused us to miss the connection. At first, US Air suggested that we skip the first day (keep in mind, this is a prepaid vacation). They then rerouted us to fly out of San Jose International. I informed the rep that my ride will not be able to drop us off at San Jose and I'd have to park there. Also, the fact that we'd be flying back to San Francisco and I'd have to take a cab to pick up my car from San Jose. I was told that it would not be a problem and that I should file a claim once back from vacation. I filed a claim and all they can do is to apologize for the inconvenience and nothing else. Very disappointing...Airport and flight crews were great.
2	Not so happy about the fact that our plain's AC system was not working and we had already board the flight, they took as back to the gate and we waited for 3 hours...
1	I flight really often with my husband and average airlines maintain an exact schedule with they're flights, this is not a bad Airline since service is good and we got an ok price for a flight from Houston to Burbank but we had a connecting flight in Phoenix. Bought times on our way to Burbank and our way home the flight was delay. We waited for 3 hours the first time and on our way back home that is right now our flight is late we are suppose to,wait an additional hour, we will see how it goes.
2	I'm disappointed not with US airways, but their connection from Houston to Phoenix has to improve. The service is not bad and the planes are in acceptable condition, but having to wait 3 hours for the second time in the last week is unacceptable. I have to incurred in extra expenses when the flight is delayed. I understand when happens only one but happens to me when going from Houston to California and coming back from my trip. I'd like the prices of the airline, but I would rat here pay a little more and honor my itinerary.
2	Why is it Airline staff always seem so unmotived to help?
3	I checked in online almost exactly 24 hours before my flight and discovered that there were several emergency exit seats available for no charge.  I thought this was awesome as they usually cost more.  So, I booked those on both of my flights.  I recommend booking the second row of exit seats if possible as the first row won't recline due to being in front of the 2nd row.  Also, I think it helped to check in before most others had done so or I would definitely have not gotten those seats.  Baggage fees were $25 for my first bag and $35 for my second.  Only soda/juice/water was served onboard for free on both flights (one was 3.5 hours and the other was 1 hour).  I did buy a bag of chips that came with this yummy salsa on the longer flight for $4 which was definitely overpriced and not a lot of chips were really in the bag.  But, the salsa was delicious.  Both flights left on time, although the first flight from Atlanta had to wait to take off which cost us about 25 minutes of time.
1	After seeing all of these reviews I'm a little relieved that I'm not the only one who feels so "blah" about US Airways. I'm a very loyal United flyer and due to a recent family emergency I needed to fly from Denver to Honolulu. Looked at United and the ticket was over $2000. US Airways was $1300 total with upgrades on both ends. Where do I start? From Denver to Phoenix, the "flight attendants" were below average of any service. Grumpy, unfriendly, blah. My upgraded ticket $99 from Phoenix to Honolulu was no extra leg room but a leather seat aka total waste of money. Gate agents at Honolulu when I left were rude and totally unprofessional. Told me that I was wrong and didn't know how to check in and asked why I had checked in and didn't print a boarding pass at home. Really? Why does that matter? Beyond that, the whole US Airways experience was below average. I would and will never fly this airline again.
1	Worst flying experience of my life. I was flying San Jose to Phoenix, Phoenix to Charlotte. First flight was a half hour late, giving me ten minutes to make my connecting fight, and the flight attendants could not tell us the status of that flight. They were nice enough to let those with connecting flights off the plane before everyone else. I ended up running across the entire Phoenix airport to make it to my connecting flight, to find out that it had been delayed and hour and a half. Then the flight was delayed an additional four hours, and they made 30 people voluntarily exit the plane before it could take off.
1	An example of one of their stupid idiotic "rules" is this. At the gate next to us, a flight for Al Paso was posted to leave at 6:50 but it was delayed for 1 hour. A couple left to get some food and arrived back in about 20 minutes ... but their plane had left. The rule is that even if we post a delay your flight might leave R Amy time without you .... So, if the airline is late they can fool you I to leaving and then take off without you WTH again?
1	Once again US AIRWAYS has proven itself to be one of the worst air carriers that I have ever had the unfortunate pleasure to fly with. Not only did the ticketing agent take my properly stored ammunition, stored in accordance with TSA guidelines, but then began the process of denying me my flight because I said I was going to file a complaint. The "Supervisor" was very belligerent when i asked who i talk to in order to get reimbursed. When I challenged him regarding something I had said he replied "Are you saying the I'm lying?!" Yes "You're telling me that a 60year old man is lying?!" Yes.  This is not the first time US AIRWAYS has made my travel a living hell but it will certainly be my last.
1	Friends don't let friends fly US airways . . . Seriously!! Pay the $10 $20 $50 for a better airline horrible customer service didn't even get a food voucher for their mistake that has me here waiting til 641pm got here at 9am almost 10hrs o_O?
1	If I could give zero stars, I would.  The worst flight experience ever.  First, I didn't arrive to the gate until 15 minutes before take off due to a problem at the security line that took us over an hour, however once I got to the gate they had already given my seats away!!!! The next flight was 3 hours later so I had to wait around (not to mention my original flight took off 5 mins early, so they gave my seats away way before the time they were suppose to).  Once I finally boarded the next flight, the seats had NO cushioning, hard as rocks, AND they were so cramped.  I'm lucky I'm not overweight otherwise I wouldn't have fit!  I'm also not that tall, yet I couldn't even stand up straight.  I was on a 2.5 hour flight and guess what, no snacks!  What airline doesn't at least serve pretzels or peanuts???  I get pretzels, peanuts, and a drink when flying other airlines for only 55 minutes!  Needless to say, I was highly disappointed in my experience and will NEVER fly US Airways again.
2	Small Cramped planes - if it wasn't burning hot it was freezing cold on the planes.  I'm a Delta snob, but took US Airways because the flight was cheap.  Well - I get what I pay for - the flight attendants were fairly nice.  We were just so squished together on the plane. No leg room, barely could fit laptop under seat.  I wont take US Airways for any long flights again.  I'm 5'6 and 125 pounds and I was so uncomfortable - I cant imagine what average to large fliers feel like to pry out of their seats.Even the concourse was loud, dirty, smelly and crowded.
2	Having done an adequate amount of traveling with different airlines, I would have to say US Airways is my least favorite. I just don't understand why they don't feed me? It was a six hour flight, an not even a snack? Madness. More regarding the airlines though, Their stewards are not as cheerful or nice as others...and they mess up everything. Forget your flight leaving on time or having your baggage when you get there. They had three chances to get it right, and struck out every time. Rebooked me on another airlines' flight that was already overbooked and then wouldn't help us get on a new flight because they had "turned us over", come on!
1	Shitty airline. Nothing else to say. All the planes are old, some of the crew cares, most don't. If you can get on another airline please do so.
2	I fly them when I have to or I buy a ticket on United and United outs me on US-Air. They should honor the united baggage rules when a ticket was purchased through United. I get up to 70lbs on United free but US-Air would not honor that so I got a surprise when I checked in and was over the limit. I find the ticket counter staff seems to enjoy giving bad news and they always tell you with a smirk on their face. Like they enjoy making a customer unhappy. I have had this experience many times on US-Air. Not happy with the customer service or many of the Airline rules.
1	Can't stand the service. Furious w/how they charge for any checked bag, I decide to only take carry-on, and they grab my bag to check it before I get on the plane. Then, when I arrive at my destination, have to wait an extra half-hour for them to deliver my bag. Horrible bag service! Never flying US Air again, ever!
4	I use US Airways a lot and I find the crews on the planes and at the counter to be about as friendly as I  to them. I rely on a tight connection at Phoenix and rarely have a problem. I have a beef of no consequence in that I think the crews look sloppy and unkept but that a choice some corporate uniform czar made that I wish had shown more style. That said, the people in the uniforms have an unenviable job and generally do it acceptably.
2	Sitting on the runway way waiting for a gate to open. The gate should have been ready. We were on time for arrival.  Instead....I now have JUST ten minutes to make my next plane (originally had 50 minutes). I was lucky and my gate was just a couple over and they hadn't closed the door yet. There were others on my plane that were not going to be so lucky. They had to go to different terminals and they would be running. Thanks again US Air for making the trip more stressful.
4	US Airways must've recently undergone a major branding makeover because everything about their flights seemed new and improved.  The seating was roomy with leather seats and ample storage space both in the overhead compartments and the seatback pockets.I may actually fly this airline more now!
1	The customer service was terrible. I flew from Dallas and we had a layover. Some woman working at the counter name Jessica M was horrible. Her attitude was so nasty. She tried to charge me $270 because of an error another person at US Air made.  Needless to say, I didn't pay it and I got on my flight. I just can't believe the customer service here. I will avoid US Air from now on because I just can't do poor customer service when I'm spending my hard earned money. There is too much competition out there to deal with that.
1	On the KONA to Phoenix fight, we experienced disordered boarding practices, discriminatory baggage policies, and bad-mannered and very offensive stewardesses. The flight crew should be ashamed. In their advertisement of "Choice" seating, US AIRWAYS misrepresented the advantages (there are none). This airline is poorly operated; the concept of customer service does not exist. Employees should be retrained or dismissed. Stay away from this airline.
1	To Yelp readers - Avoid this airline. On a recent trip, I was denied full access to my seat (middle passenger encroached on half of my space, creating an intolerable experience and safety hazard. Not only did U S Airways not make alternative arrangements, but refused a prorated refund. They spent more in capital and staff expense "defending" their indefensible position that the cost of the refund and created some poor advertisement as a result. A brief Facebook scan reveals many other complaints. I note several similar complaints on Yelp, also.
1	DO NOT FLY WITH US AIRWAYS!US Airways Flight 4427Philadelphia to BaltimoreAugust 8th, 2013Flight CancelledI was not late to my flight, I did not miss the date, I did everything correct. It was -your- airline that created the entire problem by overbooking all flights that came after our cancelled flight that day. The only resolution offered to us that would fly us directly to Baltimore would have been to take a flight leaving -11 HOURS- (9pm) after our originally scheduled flight (11am). That is not acceptable.This was the answer I received from US Airways customer service employee Edie Curt:"When a customer accepts accommodations to an alternate airport, the customer assumes responsibility for the additional expenses."To note here, we did not "assume" the extra expenses. We were given no other choice if we wanted to reach Baltimore in time. We accepted a flight to DC because it was our only alternative that would get us close enough to take public transportation to Baltimore, and to meet our deadline.I did ask if we could be provided a rental car so we could drive ourselves from Philadelphia, and that request was immediately denied. As it was, we had to spend our own money for all public transportation from DC to Baltimore so we could meet our group waiting for us in time. This is also not acceptable. It took us FOUR trains to get from DC to Baltimore in unfamiliar territory. Why should this cost be on us?This was a second answer I received from US Airways customer service employee Edie Curt:"There are no federal aviation regulations concerning what an airline must do to compensate passengers when the carrier delays or cancels a flight. This is true regardless of the reason for the delay/cancellation (e.g., weather, mechanical, crew availability, etc.)."So basically because it is not ILLEGAL, they are not required to help their customers in any way. Beware if you are flying US Airways in the future, I would consider otherwise. I have flown on other airlines and I have always either been provided a hotel, food, direct compensation for a future flight or alternate transportation to my exact destination at no cost to myself.Keeping the money we paid for services you did not deliver upon is considered theft. Your airline is a poor excuse for a business, and we will never fly with you again.Sincerely,Anne K.
3	I don't think that US Airways has a lot of flights through Phoenix as they seem to have hubs or more flights out of other cities like Houston and Charlotte.  Nonetheless, the flights have been pretty good with no delays yet.  At the same time, there's nothing too special about the flights as well and the biggest issue that I have is that they don't honor my FF status on their partner airlines.
1	So call me naive for I don't know much about air travel but I do know enough about customer service. what I can tell you is the attendants on this plane were so rude I couldn't even fathom if this flight was real.My flight had a stop in Phoenix and I wasn't trying to pay $10 for food so I stayed on the plane, an attendant had approached me and said "that's weird why are you still on this plane" I told her I wasn't hungry and she replied with "uh k well there's a cleaning crew coming on and you're in the way." She then proceeded to move my things! After I was so fed up with this women I started to look for my boarding pass, which she informed me that i mind as well just stay now cuz i wasted all my time, until then it occurred to me my boarding pass was under my cup on the tray table and must have been thrown away. After explaining that to the women she only said "well that's not our fault now is it?"Never again will I be flying US Airways
1	Very disappointing service on a recent US Airways flight (or rather, non-flight since my flight was canceled and then delayed/overbooked).Long story short: I missed my best friend's wedding in Washington because US Airways canceled my morning flight, then couldn't guarantee me and my guest a spot on the next flight.Being canceled and then delayed would have been egregious enough, but it's the incompetence of US Airways staff that did it for me. I was never offered to option to fly Alaska Airlines, their partner agency, and I only found out about that option from other re-booked passengers (that option was, of course, sold out when I went to inquire about it).When attempting to fly on the 8 p.m. flight, I was told my guest and I could not sit together, but if we wanted to pay $31 each for 'premium' seats, we could. How convenient.I would think waiting for 10 hours in the airport would qualify us for seats together or, god forbid, access to the US Airways lounge, but apparently my guest and I didn't deserve those options either.I've lodged complaints with US Airways and with the DOT, and I encourage those who have similar bad experiences do so as well.
1	I have 3 words for you: FAKE BOARDING PASSESIn 2009 we tried to fly to Costa Rica from Toronto at Christmas time, BIG MISTAKE. To make a long story short our flight out of YYZ was delayed by 3 hours (even though it was showing on-time on the website when left our house, we were later told by American Airlines that apparently the flight crew was late) and we spent 3 days alternately standing in line-ups or sitting from morning until night in various airports on stand-by for flights because we couldn't make our connection. We were passed around from one enormous line-up to another (only to be sent back again) and got sent all over the USA. We went from Toronto to Charlotte to Dallas to Florida and finally to San Jose, Costa Rica, receiving some bogus boarding passes in the process. Boarding passes that they took from us and refused to give back. This part involved US Airways' partner American Airlines (the AA representative told us that the flight had been oversold weeks ago and there were other passengers already in the seats we had showing on our boarding passes.) and some unfriendly back and forth between the two. And of course you dare not make a scene in an American airport, no sirree bob otherwise those G.I. Joes will be all over you like white on rice. We were all ready to explode, especially after the second day when our luggage managed to get on a flight, but we didn't so we were at the motel with only the clothes on our backs. Motel folk were really nice though, and they gave a discount to stranded travellers. We missed out on a 3rd of our 9 day trip (all pre-paid) and were not compensated 1 penny by US Airways or GAP Adventures. All the gory details took 3 single-spaced pages to spell out, but suffice it to say avoid US Airways and avoid traveling during Christmas if you can.
2	We used US Airways to get from Austin, Texas to Nassau, Bahamas.  On the way there, the planes were dirty, but otherwise the trip was uneventful.  On the way back, the plane from Charlotte, NC to  Austin, Texas was HOT!  We were delayed about 30 minutes for "maintenance issues" however once aboard the plan I'm not sure what they fixed!  The bathroom toilet would not flush in the front of the plane.  The sink in the bathroom was full of water that would not drain.  And the plane did not cool off until about an hour into the flight.  While on our vacation, we heard a comedian say that the theme of US Airways was "Come fly the other airlines!" and I think I may have to listen to that logic!
2	I missed America West Airlines, all the good services went down once US Airways took over.  Meh, I think I'll pass.  The only reason I gave a 2-star is because this is still the hometown airline from Phoenix, but not for much longer.
2	The worst tea i've ever tasted.Honestly, they could win awards for how truly horrible their onboard tea is. When I took that first fateful sip of this lukewarm beverage with it's hints of stale cigarettes & feet - I knew - me and US Airways would not be fast friends.Now tea seems a little bit ridiculous to fixate on, it being such a small part of the trip, but trust me, if you had to sit with that unfinished pool of liquid in front of you for a half hour, you'd write a review too. But my rating DOES have other sources.The whole experience just seemed a little run down. The row in front of us had a broken seat, that wouldn't sit upright properly, so when the flight attendant came around at take off to ask for seats in the upright position... it wasn't going to happen. Not unless the woman was forced to uncomfortably hover in front of the chair back during take off and landing (with no weight on it, it sat properly). To my total dismay, this is what she was asked to do and spent take off and landing in this weird limbo. Honestly, is the two inches the chair leans back REALLY that life and death?And like most airlines, they charge out the wazoo for everything from baggage to snacks. There were no fresh food options on our flight as well, so I had to skip breakfast. And have you ever noticed airlines don't recycle? I watched garbage and newspapers get pitched into one big bag. You'd think by now they'd have learned to separate their recyclables.What they do right and what earned them the second star is:1. The seats are pretty comfy... when they are not broken.2. If you can bare bones it and take travel on - this airline is pretty cost effective.We'll see if they make up some by the return trip but so far the verdict is: Meh.
4	I like flying US Air.  Their planes are clean, they are usually on time, their airport staff pleasant and friendly, and I think their fares are...well, fair.  I flew today from Oakland to Phoenix on a very crowded flight and ended up in Row 20, very last row.  You know, the one where the seat has nowhere to recline?  Anyway, the very personable flight attendant named Todd made the flight much more enjoyable than it could have been.   We chatted and joked and the hour and a half long flight flew by.   So, Todd...thanks!  US Air is lucky to have such a great employee representing them.
1	They get NO stars.... Our engine blew up and the plane lost control on the runway... We got off the plan and the customer services people have been completely awful... Thy are rude ... And nobody has apologized for what has happened... We will most likely be stuck sleeping in Atlanta for the night ... If we ever even make it there ... It is my sisters wedding weekend and this has been one shitty way to start it ... I will NEVER fly US Airways ever again... These people are total jerks...
1	Lack of common sense policy...I've flown US Airways 27 times in 2013 and put up with lots of little imperfections as overall I enjoy flying their service.  However, I will be finding a new airline for 2014 (too bad I have 5 more flights booked/paid for this year).Bottom line I decided to drive from Phoenix to Palm Springs with a friend instead of flying on my reserved/paid for flight. No big deal - I just wasted a few $ and instead drove.  It's not the first time I've not flown a leg of a round trip ticket on US Airways.Imagine my surprise when I found out they cancelled my return flight to Phoenix.   I didn't panic, just called them to have it corrected. The very nice customer service person said no worries, he could get me on the flight.  Short term relief.Then he said "well a new flight is less than the $200 change fee."  I replied that's ok, I already paid for my ticket. He said that wasn't their policy blah, blah, blah.   (I decided to be nice, he's the messenger, not the policy maker). Unfortunately that is the flight I must take in the morning or I would have booked another airline or rented a car or ridden a train if I had to. Instead, US Airways charged me a 2nd time for my ticket home.  That is offensive. Southwest here I come!
1	Again US Airways does not fail to disappoint. After I made my initial complaint to them regarding my previous incident with the ammunition and the supervisor at their Phoenix international airport kiosk I received an email from the customer "service" department. The agent at the customer service department said that "it appears that our agent at Phoenix international did not handle the situation appropriately" however as opposed to offer to reimburse me for my stolen property the agent attempted to pass the buck to TSA. TSA, rightly so, responded that since their agent was not involved in any fashion it is not TSA's responsibility to reimburse me for the stolen property.  Since my property was forcibly removed from me by the US airways attendant/supervisor it was US Airways responsibility to provide reimbursement for the stolen property. I have sense conveyed this to US Airways using their proper channels and forms and not heard back, not really surprised. Really wish I could give them zero stars.
1	While the desk guy Peter in Santa Barbara was amazingly helpful the rest of the experience sucked. Flights late on the way in. Flight canceled on the way out and I had to find my own way to a different airport to get home.
1	This is the WORST AIRLINE I've flown on in a long time. They're disorganized, rude, and there is very limited seating at their departure gates. Literally for a full flight there were 15 seats at the gate. I asked their service person why this was and she said 'because you'll get to sit when you're on the plane.' I will avoid this airline at all costs in the future.
1	This was my experience, my family of 5 and I were 1 minute late for our connecting flight. Our flight, coming from Philadelphia to Arizona, was 40 minutes late because the Philly incoming fly was late,  so leaving Philly, we were 30-45 min late.     The flight attendants in flight told us we would make our flight 'no problem,; and we all ran from A to B gates.    When we arrived to the gate, they had JUST shut the door. The plane was still parked. People from our SAME previous flight made it onto the plane before us and they had just gotten off the Philly flight just before us...    In flight,  we were told to 'move to empty seats in the front', but then i was ridiculed by a 'passenger-US Air flight-attendant for moving seats when we still had '40 minutes left of flight.'       We explained to the man at the door that my mom was a stage 4 cancer patient and needed to get on this plane in order to make it to a very CRUCIAL doctor appointment.    Then the man, who goes by John D. on his name tag, said "You must have not run fast enough." We are now stuck in Phoenix and will not be making it back to our hometown for my moms doctor appointment.       In flt attendants should have called for transport to get us to our gate on time,   or they should have contacted the front desk/tower to let them know we had just arrived from Philly (late because of US Air and not our fault) and to hold the plane for a few minutes.   There were 5 of us.      This was horrible treatment.     When we arrived at connecting flight,  all flt attendants acted like they had no idea our flt was late due to US Air fault...  Never ever will we fly this airline again.
1	Again US Airways you do not fail to disappoint. Your website said the flight I was waiting on was not set to arrive until 9:05pm. But when I arrived the cell phone lot still read "Delayed" so there I waited. At 8:51pm I went in to the airport and guess what I discovered....the flight board reader said that the flight had arrived at 8:13pm and the brain stem at the ticketing counter then told me that the flight had just arrived...WTF US Airways, get your act together.
1	I flew 1st Class from Sac to Cancun. It was extremely disappointing. The seats were worn out and in-fact leaving Cancun the plane was delayed because 2 seats broke inflight getting there. When the first plane took off an hour and half late the airline cancelled my connecting flight even tho I arrived in time to board the plane.  They gave my seat to someone else. I will never fly on that airline again. the planes are run down, the customer service people were rude and insulting. My guess is that they must deal with this type of situation often and are burnt out.I can only guess that the merger of American Airline and US Airways will improve United Airlines earnings.  Avoid US Airways, they are not the friendly skys!
1	I got to the airport a little under two hours prior to my flight only to learn I couldn't print my boarding pass because they "weren't open yet". Then the process to check my bag took longer than going through security because the kiosks were unresponsive and not user friendly. One of my worst airport experiences and I'm not even on the plane yet.
5	Brought me safely from point A to point B several times. I think people forget that's what the airline is for. It's not about feeding you, stroking your ego or accommodating your afternoon nap. All airlines overbook flights. All airlines have delays. US Airways does quiet a bit to help the community like sponsoring the Phoenix Zoo, donating to St Mary's food bank, & the United Way.
3	I miss America West.  It was turning into a terrific airline right about the time they acquired US Air.  Things took a turn for the worse.  And now with the AA merger I'm nervous that we might  a) lose even more of our PHX routes  b) have to fly on lots of MD-88s that are even older than I am.  On one of my AA MD-88 flights an engine came apart on take-off, had to dump all our fuel band emergency land right back into the airport.  Good times.
5	I had great service when I dropped off my son as an unaccompanied miner.  Fast thru the  VIP side instead of waiting in the long line and lady kept cracking joke's so it was the best experience I had in a long time.
1	This is part US Airways and part United but I booked through US Airways so I feel the fault lies with them.I don't even know where to begin. I booked my flight July 16th from AZ to MI for Christmas. I got a couple emails with minor changes in arrival/departure time, no big deal.. Then the day comes for me to fly out, the red eye from Phoenix and I'm only able to check in to the first half of my trip... They don't have enough room for everyone's carry on and want to check my baggage but since I don't have my complete itinerary they can't and I have to stand and wait while everyone else boards while they try to locate me in the system unsuccessfully. I'm eventually allowed on the plane where there is plenty of room for luggage in first class.  I suppose PHX to ORD on US Airways went fairly smooth.. Then I arrived in Chicago at 5am after no sleep for my connecting flight to Grand Rapids. I am supposed to now fly United, so I book it to their terminal about a 20 minute walk, go to their customer service desk for boarding pass since it wouldn't let me check in online and they can't find my reservation so after a couple of calls I finally got the pass printed and I make it to Michigan. The way home is when the real fun begins. I try to check in again online and I am unable to. I have my itinerary that states the first part of my trip is with "other airline". Well that narrows it down. I first try United since that is who I took the connection through on the way here and they say it looks as though my reservation had been wiped from the system. I got there at 4:30p since I didn't know what airline it was and was finally dealt with by 5:15. I am told the flight is overbooked and they are going to need volunteers or I won't get a seat.. The seat I booked and paid for over 5 months prior. I'm offered $200 and money for dinner to volunteer my seat but I have a connection to make and a cat at my apartment that is going to run out of food! I am told to sit and wait at the gate and talk to the agent there. Flight is supposed to leave at 630 and someone finally announces they need volunteers around 6. I see a couple people go up so I sit and wait thinking things are good.. Then they start to call zones for boarding! I go up to agent and tell him I don't have a seat and he sees that I am not on the standby list. He is scrambling and calls someone with a late connection and asks her to volunteer which she reluctantly does. He asks for her seat and come to find out she is on standby as well! They board the plane and she and I stand and watch the plane take off. (She ended up taking the later flight to Chicago which was then delayed and she missed her flight). I am told they will figure something out for me. I sit for about 45 minutes while they make some calls.. I will take the 8:20 flight to Chicago, missing my connecting flight to Phoenix. At this point I have been at the airport for 3 hours already and agree wanting to get home. I was offered a hotel and a 7am flight to Phoenix. This staff did work diligently to solve the issue and I was given $400 flight voucher but it's unacceptable. The 8:20 flight through American Airlines is delayed until 9, all food places are closed at this point and I've been at airport for almost 5 hours by the time I finally leave Grand Rapids. I was told I had to find United agent for hotel which was another 20-30 minute walk and then another 20 minute walk to shuttle and 20 minute wait for shuttle. I finally get to hotel around 10:30 Chicago time. I try again to check in online for my morning flight and cannot. I call US Airways since that's who I am flying out through and they tell me United has to release ticket since they did the booking. It's about 1am when I finally get off phone with United who tells me I can only checkin at airport through US Airways. I get 3 hours of sleep and off to the airport for my flight. I try to checkin and am told to go to another line and talk to someone else.. I wait a half hour before finally talking to someone and she tells me the flight is overbooked and United never officially reserved seat for me! She is on phone for 20 min or so while I am starting to cry at this point. She is able to get me a seat in the last row when I had been told by United I would have a good seat by the window for all my trouble. I'm so happy I'm going home I don't care.. Until I spend the 3.5 hour flight listening to the flight attendants bitch (excuse my language but that is exactly what they were doing) about their job, customers on the flight, how tired they were yesterday and if something happened their reaction time would be off, a pilot demanding ginger ale for his alcoholic drink, and complaining about people using the bathroom. My god, I left the plane with a full bladder so they didn't have one more thing to talk about. I think I would've rather drove the 2400 miles. United somewhat reimbursed me but this is on US Airways.
1	New Years Eve, and they couldn't find a flight crew for a 5pm flight from AZ to Long Beach.  Really.... you couldn't figure this out earlier?  They cancel it and just tell us to get in line but only option is to fight for seats on a late flight.  They would not fly us to another airport on flights that had seats.  Overbooked our flight coming out, toon so we had to wait for no shows to get seats.  Never again USAir... you are worse than bad.
5	I have always had amazing service with US Airways. The merger will make everything so much better.
1	After the first leg of our flight to Ohio for Christmas, I was almost willing to forgive US Airways for the string of delays that made me miss the last moments of my mother's life and had me sobbing in the terminal. That was close to 10 years ago, the last time I flew with them. Then, on the flight back to Phoenix, we had to be detoured to Memphis due to a fuel pump failure. After we land, they figure out that no one there knows how to do repairs on our specific type of plane (probably because it was ancient). Great. They tow us to another terminal and apparently someone there knows something because we eventually take off again. We arrive in Phoenix 3 1/2 hours late. Then it takes more than 1/2 an hour for the luggage to start coming off the carousel- at a f*cking trickle. You would think someone might have hustled to avoid a riot from the already pissed off passengers.Another thing I hated was the credit card push. I mean the flight attendants had to stroll down the aisle with fanned out applications and an embarrassed grin. Never again, US Airways. Never again.
1	I fought against purchasing tickets to Hawaii on US Airways.  Because they have also give me issues.  1 day before our trip to Hawaii, US Airways sends me an email to check in.  So I clicked on the button and found that my name is not on the any of the tickets anymore.  WHAT????  WTF????  I called the #800.  10 mins into the auto menu, the system says they have overwhelming call and told me to call back later.  And hangs UP!  WHAT?  I need to be on the flight tomorrow.  Called them back in 5 mins.  And I have been on HOLD for an agent for over 1 hour.  This is ridiculously!  After wasting over 1 hour of my life on hold, come to find out it is a system glitch.  REALLY!
1	They don't even give you peanuts :( There aren't words for how awful US Airways is. They held up my plane for over 45 minutes because of "weather the previous week"; the flight attendants would provide no information or assistance to those making connections; the ground staff was useless, rude, insulting and threatened me with arrest; and then they couldn't hold my connection for even five minutes. I will never fly US Airways again.
1	I was on a US Airways flight from KC today (599) that was running late.  I was supposed to be continuing on the flight (660) to SNA.  They let us get off the plane first in PH so we could make our connection. We got PH gate 15 minutes before the flight was scheduled to leave at 5:55pm. The supervisor (Arlene L) came out and told us our seats had been given away and we should go to the customer service desk to rebook.  The reason I'm writing is that Arlene could not have been more unsympathetic - she had one of the nastiest attitudes I've seen in an airline employee in a long time (how about a "I'm really sorry" for starters).  Despite booking a seat in first class, she could not have cared less.  I'm going to get home tonight on Southwest.  I deserve better treatment than this.
1	tried to travel a day earlier due to the terminal illness of a relative. informed that it would cost $ 400.00 more to due so. leeches !!!!!1
1	The flight out was delayed, again, for maintenance issues.  The flight back was cancelled for, you guessed it, maintenance issues.   (Makes you wondering if they ran out of duct tape at Wal-mart.). But here is the funny part.  The gate agent said over the intercom, before they cancelled, "the new time of departure is 4:15 (and hour later).   We are still looking for a plane."   So I am guessing that you are not firm on 4:15....  I feel sorry for the front line employees...hang in there!
1	Horrible airlines that constantly reschedules flights due to so called "maintenance" which I believe is their inability to fill a flight so therefore they use the maintenance excuse to bump passengers to the next scheduled flight which could be several hours out.
1	I have travelled the United States on business and pleasure for over thirty years. Decided to give USAir the business for a recent trip to ABQ via Phoenix. I have never encountered such a consistently rude crew - from check in to gate attendants to flight attendants. Never again.
4	Cathy O. at the ticket counter, PHX airport, was very helpful.  She saved me from what could have been a disastrous day.  I know the entire ticketing process should be automated.  Usually the process is flawless.  She had to do a lot of research with my botched listing.  Thank you Cathy O.; you are awesome.
3	The staff at this airport is a lot better the the staff at DWF airport. My flight was delayed to to weather conditions. The US Airways  staff where super friendly and always keep us up to date on flight status due to the delay. They were polite when asking to check peoples carry on bags that could not be carried on, unlike the DWF staff. I think the DWF staff needs to be training again in proper edict, and learn from the Phoenix Sky Harbor staff!
1	I fly often but do not usually fly this airline and now I remember why. Rude!!! My first flight of the day was on time but the customer service was horrible. Boarding the flight the woman in front of me had 2 carry ons and a purse. They yelled at her so she asked to put her purse in her husbands briefcase. Than they jumped all over her about the small bag of food she had which she explained was her breakfast. On flight they yelled at me for having tray table down. They look at the passengers and treat them like they are idiots. They seem to think they are better than everyone else. They say the right things like thanks for flying or welcome or have a good day but its fake and forced. Even if the seats are smaller and unassigned I'd fly Southwest over US Airway any day. At least there the flight staff is friendly, sociable, and genuine.
1	A company that used to have great customer service and on-time flights that has deteriorated to unacceptable levels. I used to fly them almost exclusively but wondering if your plane is going to arrive with each trip forced me to switch. And anytime you had to talk to someone good luck...they always seemed annoyed when dealing with customers. That was 2 years ago. Advance to 2014 and I have some miles left that if I don't use I forfeit. So I decided to take a trip to Vegas. The flight out was only a few minutes late - not bad. The return flight? Well I'm still waiting to get home and I'm on standby for the next 2 flights - both of which are oversold. Tried to work with an agent to see that my options were and rudeness and lack of empathy don't begin to describe her behavior. Never even an apology - no service recovery attempt at all. I've written to their customer service department and will update this review when/if I get a response. So this will be the absolute last time I use this airline and gladly so. Even a "free" trip using miles isn't worth the way I've been treated today. Use a competitor - you'll be better off. Good luck out there.
1	Here is a recipe for success:  take the two worst airlines in the industry and merge them together.  What do you think you get?  One colossal airline that completely sucks
5	Has your heart ever gone out to an employee that you see being unfairly pressured by his colleagues who just don't understand?Mine has.And it did today with John B at PHX.  He's a very civil gent, and he was helping me at the US Air gate with my reservation and my seat.  As he helped me, he got a call over his walkie from another staffer who was pretty much giving him grief about not being at another gate to help her.What she didn't realize was that John B was putting out multiple fires where he was, all by himself, as he was understaffed.  An older lady had lost her cell phone and he was plotting strategy with her for retrieving it.  Passengers were in line and the plane was boarding.  Etc etc.But he stayed steady and just handled things one at a time.  He actually couldn't help me with a seat change.  And that was fine.  I could see he was juggling a lot so I thanked him and moved away.Two minutes later he walked up to me and said "were you the one looking for a window?"  I said "yes".  He led me back to the counter and found me a better seat.Courtesy and personalized follow-up in the midst of a gale of bustling mayhem! Thanks, John.
2	On the way to cabo I decided to surprise my friend with an first class upgrade for her birthday. $150 each for the upgrade for a 2 hour flight was a disappointment.  To be honest virgin America main cabin is nicer.  Our flight attendant was too busy eating to realize everyone from coach was using the first class cabin bathroom. Another disappointment was the snacks... Or lack there of... Wow a bag of pretzels! Felt like Southwest Airlines to me. No movies and our feet didn't even recline.  Again virgin America regular seats so much better than first class us airways.  Price not worth it.
3	Our flight from Chicago to PHX was cancelled after sitting on the plane for 2 hours. I was ok with that, b/c I would rather fly at a later time than on a broken plane. Thank you captains of flight 606 from ORD to PHX 2/26/14!!! (seriously, keep it safe) We ended up flying 12 hours later out of MKE direct to PHX. Unfortunately our bags did not. They went to the lovely and dreaded LAX. Benito and Carmen at the Phoenix Sky Harbor airport, with US Airways (I believe they were us airways employees, but it was the first day of the merge between us and american airlines) worked their bums off to locate our luggage and make sure it was on the next flight from LAX to PHX. Unfortunately American Airlines does not keep track of it's luggage, and could not tell Benito or Carmen if our bags were loaded onto the 930 flight from LAX to PHX.  US airways does keep track of this, so it was obviously frustrating for these two who were trying to help so much. Our bags ended up arriving at on that flight, but not found until 1220 am the following day. We picked them up the next morning, after they were again "lost" for a while. The only bad thing I have to say  (and I wish I would have gotten this woman's name) is about an old lady employee that was working at the counter with Benito and Carmen the night of 2/26/14 (the first day of the merge-so I'm not sure if it was all former US airways employees or if they also now had American airlines employees working the same counter) this woman was incredibly rude. She obviously can not handle stress. She was "helping" a man with severe** burn scars (I mention this because maybe someone will remember this woman), he was soft spoken, and seemed to not want to draw any extra attention. The old lady employee however was loud and rude for absolutely NO reason. If I had her name, I would blast it out to every outlet possible. Benito and Carmen get a GIANT GOLD STAR for their hard work and compassion. Thank you!!!! Shame on the old lady next to them.
1	Bottom line is this: Our plane was 3.25 hours late for take-off. No explanations, no "sorrys", no anything.Results: Our car rental agency was closed causing us to miss half a day of touring the area and 4 cab rides. Numerous passengers missed their ongoing flights.The guy next to me said his US Airways flight that brought him to PNX out of Tucson was 2 hours late as well.To add insult to injury, they don't even give you a tiny bag of pretzels any longer.Never again if I can help it.
1	Thousands of people in line for hours. Waited in line to check in for 1 hour only to be told we were too late to check in.  ( our flight want scheduled to leave for 40 minutes.) They sent us to a rebookng line with 2 agents to help hundreds of people.  They mis-handledthe situation in so many ways. All other Airlines are booked. Terrible service!
2	You get what you pay for..... this should be 1 star but they get another one for having some decent prices when you need a flight last minute.  Having flown with them 3-4 times over the years I just can't picture myself flying with them again unless they make some major changes. From customer service, the morale of your attendants, baggage fees, and multiple delays, why choose US Airways when you have better alternatives? Pay a little more and avoid the headache
1	You have got to be freakin' kidding me! Okay, so it is a major hub but this is how you treat the economy folk? We had premiere access so we were able to check our luggage in a line with basically no wait at all and through security pretty quick as well. If we didn't it would have been at least an hour wait just for the bag check alone. I have never see such a zoo trying to get to a destination outside of Disney World. If you did not take this into account when coming to the airport then good luck making your flight.
1	My 70 year old father had a ticket on US Airways yesterday going from Austin to San Luis Obispo, CA to visit his 99 year old father.  He was scheduled (with a ticket) to transfer in Phoenix on a 10:00am flight. His flight out of Austin was delayed(due to US Aiways) and his flight came in at 9:48am.  Instead of waiting for their connecting passengers US Airways decided to instead leave early at 9:55am leaving passengers with paid tickets behind.  The next flight was not scheduled until 1:50pm.  You would think my father would get a ticket for that flight since they left him right??  Nope, instead my father was put on stand by and US Airways did NOT accomodate him on the 1:50 flight out of Phoenix.  Instead four US Airway employees that do not PAY for their tickets were put on as stand by and again my father was left behind by US Airways. The next and last flight of the day was 8:00PM.  Just over ten hours after he arrived at the Phoenix airport!  I stressed to my father to please ensure he could get a ticket/confirmed seat for that flight and not be put on standy by again because at this point I realized US Airways would have no problem with him sleeping in the airport overnight.  I will say that my father was confirmed on the 8pm flight and he did finally make it to San Luis Obispo 11 hours after he was scheduled to.  But what is unacceptable, 100% opposite of good customer service and good business practice is that my father's original US Airways flight arrived to his destination 15minutes early!!!  Had they just waited for the connecting passengers 10 minutes he would have not spent 10 hours in the Phoenix airport and everyone else on the flight would have still made it to their destination on time.  Seriously US Airways you deserve being the lowest rated airlines in regards to customer service and now I completely understand why you are.  So when you are trying to decide what airlines to book with and you have a connecting flight keep in mind that US AIRWAYS WILL NOT WAIT FOR YOU, INSTEAD THEY WILL LEAVE EARLY AND LEAVE YOU BEHIND!!!
2	The ticket agent that ended up helping us gets 5 stars. BUT this airline does NOT. My boyfriend and I booked our flight through Expedia and we purposely both did it next to each other on our laptops so we would be sure to have seats next to each other. We chose our seats successfully and went on with our day. When we got to the airport and printed our boarding passes however, our seat assignments were completely separated. Apparently when you book through a third party, such as Expedia, "reserved" is not the same as "confirmed." So the seats are just requested but are subject to change. Apparently we needed to call the airline to confirm the seating arrangements after we booked on Expedia. BUT this was not mentioned whatsoever!!! It confirmed our seats on our tickets online and that was that, but low and behold surprise! Nope! This is an idiotic rule, and if they really make you call the airline to be assured of your seat than say so! Luckily though, the ticket agent who gets 5 stars ended up getting us seats together right before we needed to board, so it worked out. Oh and they charge $25 for a checked bag--I know other airlines do that as well (not JetBlue!!!) but seriously, if they have enough money to buy out American Airlines, they have enough money to give us a free checked bag, or at least not $25 per checked bag, that's $50 added to the cost of your ticket for a roundtrip. Ridiculous.
1	Sharing my experience. My flight from San Francisco to Phoenix was 35 minutes behind schedule.However I was fortunate (or maybe unfortunate) to have a 1 hour and 10 minute layover in Phoenix. Not sure what happened but when arriving in Phoenix I only had 24 minutes to get to my next gate by the time started deboarding it took about 10 minutes for the plane to deboard enough to get to me and the door. As soon as I got off I ran from A25 to B2. I'm a pretty good runner and I was able to run on the fast walkways which helped. I literally got to the gate at 8:01pm and the plane leaves at 8:10pm. As soon as I ran up they pointed me at another lady and said go talk to customer service and pointed a little aimlessly to who I thought was another lady that was going to get me on my flight. I asked the other lady who I thought I was being directed to if she was customer service, she said no customer service is around the corner. I had a sinking feeling at this point. I waited in line behind two other people and was up to the desk in a few minutes as it was 8:05pm by this time. Customer service said they could not let me on the plane. No other flights that US Airways could work with and they had none for the night. I am stuck in Phoenix for the night. They did give me a hotel, but my clothes were checked in complementary checking as they ran out of overhead space on the previous flight. A couple of things that could have been done very different, as well as impacts to my life.1. Typically when flights are behind the airline asks that anyone having a tight connecting flight be allowed to deboard first.2. A minute late to the gate seems ridiculous to not allow me on. Maybe you boarded quicker than expected but you knew I was coming I would have expected you to accommodate me especially when you are the same airline that screwed up in the first place.3. I don't have any clothes to wear tonight so I'll be in my work clothes, and have to get up early to fly back to SLC in my same clothes. It would be nice if you had a complimentary kit for me even a long t-shirt or something that I could use.4. I was told well at least you get a free breakfast at the hotel. Nice looking at the positive until i get to the hotel and find out my flight leaves to early for me to enjoy the breakfast. It seems like it just keeps piling on.5. My family was sad I have two little children at home and they are sad that their daddy was coming home like they thought. My wife also said she was sad but she likely is happy she get s a big bed to herself.6. We had to interrupt my job I will miss out on two key meetings one internal and one with a client.7. It will interrupt my wifes work to allow for this flight delay. I miss out on half a day of work time, and my wife now has to miss work time to come get me. I did ask the customer service rep how that works and she says well we don't offer a service so you can pay for a cab and then call customer service and see if they can do anything. That comment didn't instill any confidence especially when the results from this company have shown that I shouldn't trust them.If the Airline would like to reach out to me feel free. I would like to see how we can change this post into a more positive one but I will leave it unchanged until you contact me.
1	I just boarded a US Airways flight and asked the attendants in the very front to help with my luggage because I have a fractured rib and both of them said no they can't.  They offered to check my bag in. So, I walked over to my seat and asked a 3rd attendant for help. He jokingly have me a hard time, but did it.  I was in no mood for jokes.  I've flown with Southwest for years consistently and I've never seen them turn away anyone who needs assistance.  I will never fly with US Airways again! Flight 510 leaving PHX to SMF at 1:36 pm.
1	One of the worst check in experiences at PHX, but very consistent with poor US Air check in processes across the country.  It is quite obvious that the layout designer and process engineer responsible for the check-in "corral" have zero practical experience in queuing theory and capacity planning that strives to remove bottlenecks not exacerbate then.  The check in in experience is poor and an in effective use of US Air personnel,  which undoubtedly impacted my high ticket price.
1	Flight into PHX delayed over an hour from Atlanta. Ran to my next gate...door just shut...guy just stood there (wouldn't even do me the courtesy to look me in the eye) and said "customer service."There, of course are no more flights that night but my delay, of course, is not their fault. So rebooked on the first flight in the morning and given a discounted hotel certificate. Come to find out...there were 17 people who showed up to the door within 5 minutes of it closing. No rude employees...just cold and uncaring. Will do my best to avoid this airline in the future.
1	They don't crash.  That's about all that's good about them.  Employees are clearly not happy to be employed here. Most of them look like they have slept in their uniforms.  They bark orders at you - what a terrible mark on Phoenix that we present this as the flagship airline to rest if the country!  What an embarrassment.
1	You should know that if you plan to take a pre-seven o'clock flight from Burbank, the plane cannot take off until 7 due to that fact that the neighborhoods surrounding the airport don't want to put up with the noise until they have to.  That means if you have a 6:40 flight, the plane will sit on the tarmac for 20 minutes before it can take off.  What?  Why not just schedule the first flight for 7:00.  Now all of those pre-seven flights are going to arrive late messing up everyone's schedules.  Does that make any sense?You should also know that if US Air's planes are too heavy to take off or land in regards to specific airports, they will have to sit at the gate burning off excess fuel.  Again, what?  Why is US putting in so much fuel that it has to then be burned off?  Prices are already too high as it is, now we can add wasted fuel to the list of causes of higher ticket prices.  Again, passengers arrive later than expected and may miss connecting flights as a result.US Airs response to questions about these concerns?  US Air seems to blame government regulations for late/missed flights.  Why?  How did government regulations cause an airline to load on too much fuel, or schedule planes to leave an airport at the wrong time?  US Air along with their partner, American, do not compensate passengers for problem flights.  Disappointing first experience with US Air, which will also be my last.
1	US Airways employee Mark on flight 641 , Phoenix to Ontario needs training in customer service!!! So I missed my connection fight last night and they gave me a room at a local hotel. The next morning I was up at 0345 and at the airport by 0445 to catch my flight. I must have dosed off in the seats behind the check in area because US Airways employee Mark scolded me for doing so as he pointed to a sign and said its "a restricted area."  Afterwards I observed him basically demean every customer he came into contact with.
2	Well, the plane didn't crash but my connecting flight was cancelled. And all the flights going near my destination were overbooked. They did put me up at the embassy suites and apparently I'll be at the airport at 6a for a 7:45...TSA has an extra bad rep at PHX. Why was my flt cancelled? The crew was stuck on a delayed flt. What happened to standby crews? They said - "This flight has been cancelled. The aircraft is unavailable because of a prior cancellation due to a lack of flight crew availability."I may fly United in favor of USAir...they haven't done this to me yet.UPDATE: Rats! They are not covering my dinner. :( so overall I'm not crushed (or dead) but I'm disappointed to hear that this happens everyday with USAir. So...not happy, Bob.
1	The flight was ok. Kudos to pilots, but they have incompetent and rude stewardesses (some of them are both), and they boarded three flights leaving at the same time at the same two gates, meaning they boarded one early, one too quickly, and one late. I just had to look around to see at least two more gates open and available to USAirways. So if you're stuck in customs because Phoenix only sees fit to have three boxes open, you better wish they decide to board your flight late or you'll never make it.
1	Big surprise -- looks like the merger with American will take away most of the benefits US Airways loyalists enjoyed.  Time to bail out and find another airline.  Better check to see how you will lose out!
1	US Airways employee Mark on flight 641 , Phoenix to Ontario needs training in customer service!!! So I missed my connection fight last night and they gave me a room at a local hotel. The next morning I was up at 0345 and at the airport by 0445 to catch my flight. I must have dosed off in the seats behind the check in area because US Airways employee Mark scolded me for doing so and point to the sign and said its "a restricted area."  Afterwards I observed him basically demean every customer he came into contact with.
1	To start...2hr delay because the Crew didn't show up. Packed to the gills. No free snacks at all on a 5hr flight. Crazy long wait for skycap "service". Kiosks to get boarding passes were slooooow and attendants seemed to hate their jobs & customers as much as were the experience. Once on the plane we had the oldest and slowest man attempting to serve us drinks. Took two hours! It was almost comical. Then he rested his butt on my husband shoulder while he was waiting for an ice refill! Oh and they broke my bag. Why did I try another airline Southwest?!
3	Quick flight for a meeting on Phoenix and despite the $391 fare from Ontario they were the cheapest, both flights were on time and as scheduled. Seating sucks as on all airlines and they charge extra for everything but middle seats in the back.
1	Without a doubt the worst commercial airline I have been on in years. The service and attitude of the employees sucks.  They allow everyone to bring on more carry on luggage than is permitted.  Then the last people to board must check their carry on. Never mind all your valuables are in your carry on.  They are just too f'ing lazy to monitor the passengers to avoid this problem. Who care if your cameras are broken it stolen, your fragile items crushed to pieces, just file a complaint with a US Airways people who couldn't care less.   People should expect some customer service from a business, including US Air.  You won't get it. Don't expect it.  Fly anyone else if possible. US Air is a cattle herding company.
4	Smooth and quick flight to Phoenix. Great experience and employees are very respectful.
1	This has to be the worst commercial airline I have been on in years. The service and attitude of the employees was horrible.  They allow everybody to bring on more carry on luggage than is allowed.  Then the last people to board must check their carry on. Never mind all my valuables ($50,000 in camera gear) that are in your carry on.  Who cares if your cameras are broken or stolen, your fragile items crushed to pieces, just file a complaint with a US Airways people who couldn't care less anyways.  During an emergency While my father was in the hospital suffering from a stroke I was told I can't change my departing flight NOT EVEN FOR A FEE very rudely and was told while laughing about the matter by the joke I was speaking (HIS NAME AND ID BELOW)  that I had to purchase a whole new ticket for $1203 and he said "I can care less about your dad this is business"NAME OF THE RUDE AND DIS-RECPECTFUL AGENT:BEN (ID NUMBER 29)PHOENIX RESERVATIONS SUPERVISORYOU HAVE LOST MY BUSINESS AND I FLY 35-40 TIMES A YEAR!!People should expect some quality customer service from a business, including US Air.  You won't get it. Don't expect it.  Fly anyone else if possible. US Air is a joke.SHOE MAKER OPERATION!!!
1	One star is too many..get to the airport 3 hours early or you will stand in line for 45 minutes and then be refused boarding by rude incompetent clerks who are in serious need of bitch slapping..don't bother checking in online..complete waste of time..
2	Print your boarding passes at home to avoid the airport check-in (if you're not checking bags). Check-in process and staff need help! It was painful.
1	Just do yourself the favor and book with a different airline. Wait time is an average of an hour- always less than 5 people working the ticket counter when the line is 150 people deep. My work books me on this airline so I fly it about two or three times a month- do yourself a favor and just pay the extra couple bucks for ANY OTHER AIRLINE. If you are even close to your departure time- just know that you will not make your flight due to the terrible way US Airlines is run. The seats are the smallest out of all the airlines, and quite honestly the whole experience is disgusting- seats are never cleaned in between flights which means you are sitting in someone else's crumby leftovers. Lastly, the restroom floors are covered in a sticky layer of piss! Good job US.
1	US airways is just terrible. I'm so thankful for Alaska airlines. Us airways would rather let an empty seat stay empty than put me on standbye. The gate agent (who was polite) stated it would be $75 to be moved to an earlier flight and that standbye didn't exist anymore. Really??! Not only is it shitty customer service, it blatantly makes NO sense to let a seat go empty. What's wrong with upper management of airlines? If you're not going to have comfortable planes or good customer service, at least have policies that make logical sense!
1	First you should know how your agents be have during my recent 8,000 mile trip. First I arrived at the airport in alaska, we were rerouted to american airlines even tho we purchased tickets though us airways. I had to pay for my baggage to Costa Rica ( I didn't have to pay for it on the way back) they told me it was part of the US so I had to pay for baggage.  I was only allowed to check in 30 mintues early for an international flight (really?!). Then on the first flight we had an exit row which was very cold. I ask a flight attendant for a blanket in which he responded "I will have to ask a first class passanger if they are willing to part will a blanket" I said don't bother the first class passangers. To follow the flight attendants we rude or very short. No notice from the pilot when we were about to land either from the flight there or back.The flight back was a bit more annoying. First departing from costa rica after we had gone threw the security we were not allowed to bring anything on the plane to drink. And even more so there was nothing not even a small snack offered to eat on a 5 hr flight enough tho the flight attendants were carrying food  from one end of the plane to another so the flight attendants could eat but no one else. I am still in shock that no food (even peanuts) for paying customers was offered on a 5 hour flight. I will honestly say I will never fly American airways or us airways again.
2	Meh! Almost 2 hour flight from Sacramento to Phoenix this afternoon...very smooth, no turbulence, but not once were those of us in the main cabin offered a beverage. But the dopey flight attendant on Flight 596 kept strolling up and down the aisle 'collecting' the non existent service items. What's up with THAT US Airways?! I know airlines are trying to save money but that is just downright CHEAP! Meh! I'll choose another, less stingy, airline in the future.
1	Stood in three lines, missed flight, and had to pay another 160$ for there mistake if you can find another flight do it there merge policies are so screwed up no one knows what they are doing add I still stand here in line with my kids just to wait 8hrs to get the flight....wish me luck...southwest is my new way of life this will never happen again
1	This is the worst airline service I had experienced in USA. I booked a flight from Los Angeles to San Antonio. I had a 20 mins connecting flight to San Antonio at Phoenix airport. The first flight was delayed and I requested for changing flight. The staff was hesitate to help consumer and I did miss the connecting flight at Phoenix. They kept delaying the flight and I had been waiting since 4pm and it was 11pm at night and I was still at the airport. I tried several times to helps with the flight change or alternative route to get me to San Antonio since I have a customer appointment early in the morning. The answer I got everytime from their staff was "sorry, I can't do anything.". The worst customer I ever had in my life. I won't take your service anymore and won't recommend any of my family and friends to take us airway. Damn! I hope there is no star rating on yelp for this ridiculous airline.
1	Worst airport terminal! Can't believe in this day and age that they haven't designed this terminal better for business travelers. Get a clue from everyone  uncomfortably and awkwardly sitting down on the ground near every outlet - which are few and far between.
2	You're app is horrible, changed my seat and got confirmation through the app that the change was made, but it wasn't. Also I requested mobile tickets be sent to me, they never came, I tried multiple times and 2 different emails. You're lobbies are also very small and you zone calling is disorganized.
3	***US Airways out of Phoenix International Airport is decent; they have lots of flights and the boarding process is fairly quick; planes seem to arrive and depart on time as well; the waiting area feels quite crowded though and the Wi-Fi, while free, was not that great; there are not many food options past the security checkpoint at this terminal, but there are several high-end and contemporary restaurants located in the atrium before security***I am not sure what the parking situation is at the Phoenix International Airport, but I imagine parking here is expensive like other airports.
1	I dislike US Airways so much. It's like the people working there are incompetent and... incompetent. There's no other word for it. Told them I had an international flight to make in a hurry and they said, we can't help you. Had to wait in line... and when I got to the front, they said, International Flight is the other check in area. It was completely empty. Freaking wasted my time!Everyone I talked to had this non-caring attitude along with not knowing what's going on. I asked them where I needed to go for International Flights after landing at SFO and they were really confused. That and they printed a non-valid International boarding pass for me at SFO. Security said I had to go back to the check in area to get another one.Luckily, someone from Singapore Airlines saw what was happening and did something about it. Instead of making me wait in line at check in, they walked with me from going through security all the way to the departure gate and printed me another boarding pass for the flight. That's what I call service and just helping someone out. And that's why so many people like Singapore Airlines. Friendly, competent employees.
1	What happened to US Airways? I used to fly with these guys all the time a few years back and it was fine but now it is completely ridiculous. We arrived at the airport with plenty of time (or so we thought) but due to the enormous lines that only plagued us airways customers we ended up boarding our flight just before the doors closed. Now I am sitting at the tarmac in PHX with barely enough time to.make my connecting flights and they are giving us no info or assurance that we will make it. Add this airline to my no fly list along with spirit.
1	This is my first and last time flying with US airways. It is worth spending more for a different company. The flight was delayed because of weather. Fine. Not there fault. However, how you deal with that as a company and in regards to customer service is key. I missed my 2nd flight because if the delay - despite it was the same company and if they had held that plane for just 5 minutes several of us would have made it. But instead they put us all on standby on the next flight, which is full, and also deluded over an hour. Then that flight gets delayed again. Oh, and if you don't get into this flight they will not pay for a hotel. They will give you a coupon, but that's it. Worst customer service I've ever experienced with an airline.
4	We flew from phx to newark and back with a 1 year old. I was so nervous and there was no need to be. Us airways was so accommodating and helpful. Everything was right on schedule all bags, car seat, stroller was right where it needed to be at all times. The flight attendant were so helpful. They even gave us a free seat for our baby! The only thing is the flight food is HORRIBLE. Otherwise I would have given 5 stars.
1	All of their ticket counters are somehow closed, not sure how a passenger is supposed to check in. Their kiosks also do not respond to touch as they are supposed to, super frustrating when they "time out". And the person who took my checked bag didn't say one word to me...lovely customer service.
1	Flight 2961 is not very smooth on 07/09/14. It almost has become comedic the way this company has handled this situation where the Captain didn't show up for our flight. Really???Yeah, really. They boarded us and we sat for 40 minutes until some dude who looked just like Arizona Prince came aboard w/the news that the Cap't was MIA. Then they told us to deplane, but they kept us on for 12 minutes trying to figure out the luggage. That was classy as it's Phoenix in July, so it's only about 117 degrees and the tube is smelling super great. So then we deplaned and were told to line back up to get back on the plane about 5 minutes later. When we were going through the gate the dude actually told us to "hurry up" and be ready. I think we were all ready before. So now we are back aboard and thank goodness that Margie the stewardess has enough cold water to drink at the front, as we are all sweating like crazy. She seems nice, but that wasn't very cool as a lot if very old people in our flight look like they're about to pass out from hear and she is pouring water down. Reminds me of that scene from Three Amigos. Lame but what the heck can one do but hope for a safe flight. US Airways isn't very professional or organized.
1	How about. ... They over booked in the middle of the night. .2 min before boarding they want people to give up their seats. Then they still can't fly out on time and flight attendants be catching attitudes with economy class customers, changed my reserved seating back about 20 rows and everybody's seat got reassigned, and you want to give attitudes, bump into customers? No Bueno.  United Airlines compared to this airline. AND they don't offer online check in for military so they can have their baggage fees waived with pre TSA check qualification. What's the deal?
1	My family and I were flying from Austin, TX to Phoenix (final destination was Anchorage, AK) on June 28th. We had our 12 year old daughter, who suffers from a brain malformation schizencephaly, with us. She requires a wheelchair to get around in and we gate checked it in Austin. There were two tags placed on the chair. One was for the gate check itself, the other was the full itinerary. When we arrived in Phoenix, my husband saw the ground crew take our daughters wheelchair and place it in a vehicle. Well, when you gate check something, you get it when you get to the next city. Not so much with US Air!! Now, they decided that the wheelchair was going to go directly to our next gate. We had a 4 hour layover in PHX. 4 hours of carrying my 12 year old, 66 pound daughter around. Yeah, I don't think so. So when I asked our flight attendant she quickly jumped at 'we can't speak with the ground crew" then proceeded to get herself ready to deplane. We took all of our stuff, including our other 2 daughters and my 12 year olds car seat, up to first class where we waited for the ground crew to bring my daughters wheelchair up. 10 minutes later, we were asked to deplane so they could get the plane ready for the next batch of passengers. We waited for about another 10-15 minutes in the terminal waiting for them to bring me her chair. When we finally got the chair, the lady was very rude saying "Here's your chair" then walking off. I will never fly US Air with my daughter again. This was completely unprofessional and unbelievably rude.
1	You know...  They really shouldn't give us a lot of time between flights to allow people to write reviews after their flights get canceled or rescheduled or what ever.   As I am writing this, I honestly do not know what the heck is going on, other than they are telling me that the plane designated to go to Long Beach.... will not.Ok.  I don't want to go on a plane that is going to crash.  That would suck worse.  Current departure somewhere is almost 2 hours delay, due to aircraft maintenance.  Then, a quarter of the passengers got booted off and sent to much later flights or to other locations. My flight got sent to another gate and another plane.There is a reason why there is a predominance of 1 and 2 star reviews; and I question anything 3 stars or higher. Either it was a ridiculously good day for the airline or they are somehow being charitable.  Regardles, I pity the staff and the passengers. As I am sitting in the plane now, I am thankful for the accommodation, but it doesn't change my review. Let's just hope this bugger doesn't crash.....Wish me luck.Continuation....  Now we are going back to the gate because the windshield heaters are not working.   Well, neither is the AC.I like a sauna.  Should I up my review?  2 hours in the terminal and another undefined amount of time on the plane.At least we haven't crashed (yet).Continuation #2....  Now de - planed in Phoenix.  These are types of flights that you can't believe.  Still no information on a reschedule over 3 hours after we were supposed to take off.  Maintenence is working in heat over 100 degrees to fix the issue with some sort of sensor.I think I'm going to keep on updating as I go.  Wow.....Continuation #3...  Back on the plane 20 minutes ago.    Door closed and ready to move.  It's only 4 hours and 30 minutes late (so far). There are only 12 airplanes in front of us, according to the flight attendant.Go US Airways!!!  Will see if they offer anything to make up for it.   But, I doubt it.Continuation #4 and last.   Finally arrived in Long Beach 4 and a half hours after I was supposed to.  And, of course, US Airways did nothing to compensate.   Not even a free drink on board.Hope you enjoyed the read....
2	The line to check a bag was extremely long. It took me longer to check a bag through US Airways than it took to get through security and find my gate! This was at a time when almost no one was in the airport because it was so early in the morning, so I don't know what the holdup was.After all that, once we tried to board the plane, my entire group was forced to check our carry on bags (for free) because they said they didn't have enough room on the airplane for everyone's stuff. My group took up several seats on the airplane, so why were other people's things in the overhead compartments above our seats? Why weren't we allowed to put things in the compartments that were included in the price of our tickets?The reading light above my head was broken, and my chair didn't recline. The fold-down tray touched my lap when I folded it down--usually they are much higher so that people can eat off of them or rest their heads on them, etc.Best of all, when the safety instruction was commencing, the flight attendant who was supposed to be demonstrating for the back of the plane was GONE. There were only 2 flight attendants at the front of the plane doing a safety demonstration--I guess the people at the back of the plane didn't pay enough to have our flight attendant actually show up? (She made an appearance after it was over.)Not only that, but when I tried to look at my safety card, the paper was sealed shut. I don't know what stuff had gotten onto that paper, but I had to rip it apart to see the safety instructions. Of course, once I did that, some of the safety instructions ripped off. Clearly, they never do maintenance on these airplanes.The safety booklet was a joke. They translated the word "or" into 3 other languages, but the words "fasten your seatbelt" weren't translated at all. What?! The customers who never got the safety demo were forced to try to decode the cryptic little pictures in the safety booklet. I honestly couldn't tell what they were doing in those pictures, with all the arrows crammed into each small box. It seems that whoever created those things wanted everyone to die. The flight itself was turbulent, but I guess that's not the airline's fault. The flight attendants were okay, and the plane landed on time. We didn't die, but it certainly wasn't a safe or comfortable flight.
1	Terrible service, poor communication from the airlines to the passengers.   My flight was delayed on a beautiful day, nobody knows why, not getting much help from the staff, sometimes rude and inpatient with customers.Quick update, 3 hours later, still waiting for the flight to Tucson.   I could have been on Tucson in hour ago as opposed to waiting for the next flight......NEVER WILL FLY AGAIN WITH US AIRWAYS.
1	This is by far the worst airline! Rude customer service... The manager at the PHx airport is such a B***.. When I asked a question.. They look at you in disgust... As if you are supposed to know all the answers... I have been stuck here for almost 8 hours with no explanation! Never ever will I fly this airline again!
1	Awful. I've had 8 flights this month and every single one was either delayed or cancelled. Rude. Bad customer service. No charging stations. Old planes. Cranky flight attendants. Agents are never at the gate when they're supposed to and no other agent wants to help you out.Lesson learned: Avoid at all costs in the future.
1	I really hate this airline. Sucks that aa merge with them. They are a bunch of rude flight attendant.
1	Never flying USAIR through Phoenix, AZ again...beyond horrible customer service. Specifically, a young woman named Jade who is on a serious power trip made my departure from Phoenix unbearable. Rather than being helpful in any way, Jade chose to constantly threaten my ability to take the plane. Uninterested in my issues or questions, Jade repeatedly said: "I can un-seat you. That means you won't be taking the plane."So USAIR according to Jade is threaten, threaten, threaten... REALLY wishing I'd flown Virgin...That being said... VERY nice people working USAir in Las Vegas...(quick layover / plane change in Phoenix).
1	What a disaster.  We flew from San Francisco to London, stopping on Philadelphia.  We had requested a special diet for a meal without dairy.  For a 9 hour flight, you need something to eat.  There was no special meal.  It was requested 6 months in advance, 1 month in advance and a week in advance, on the phone and in writing. With no food, I became physically ill.  So we contacted U S Airways again to make sure I would have a meal.  Called again.  Wrote another response.  No meal again.  The stewardess were terribly upset.  They found a banana, orange and salad.  Then they gave me a snack that you would normally pay for, no cost.  They informed me to complain to U S Airways. I did.  The representative blame me for not having a meal.  I should have requested 24 hours in advance.  I requested repeatedly and more than 24 hours in advance.  I wrote back and said, how dare you blame me for your lack of care.  I haven't heard a reply to that communication.  If there is a reply, I will update.  Swiss Air can do it.  Other foreign companies can, why can't American companies do it?  They don't care, I believe.
1	Why would you load up a plane that's not ready to fly? Sitting on a plane for 2 hours to work on maintenance is unacceptable. If it's not ready to fly... Don't load up passengers. If there is a maintenance problem that is being worked on it makes no sense to fill it up and have so many unhappily flyers. Delay the flight and have them wait inside with food and bathrooms. Ridiculous! Common sense US Airways!Follow up: Sheryl at Lihue just made my decision. I will never fly US AIRWAYS AGAIN! What poor customer service from beginning to end! The WORST. US AIR you need to read these reviews. Please feel free to email me to go over why this was a terrible flying experience.
4	I have been a local supporter since the days of America West.  Every airline has its challenges and I just appreciate getting home safely.  Good people, food is good when you get bumped up and looking forward to many traveling years ahead.
3	Why do they always lose the stroller on the way back from houston???? Always?? What the hell is the problem people!
1	US Airways is the worst airline I have ever flown and has the WORST customer service I have ever encountered.  Let me begin:For my 25th birthday, I flew to Cabo San Lucas with two of my best friends and my boyfriend.  On the way there, our flight out of Sacramento was delayed and we were concerned since our layover in Phoenix, Arizona was only about half an hour.  They told us not to worry and so we didn't, and everything was fine.  Our trip in Cabo ended, and on our way home, we again had a layover in Phoenix.  This time, we had a little over an hour for our layover, but we had to go through customs, get out bags, re-check them, walk to the complete other side of the airport and then go back through normal security and to our gate.  Once off the plane, we embarked on our journey.  Customs was surprisingly easy, but waiting for our bags took time as did re-checking them.  Once we walked to the other side of the airport to secuirty, we had about 30 til our airplane doors closed.  When I walked up to secuirty I asked them if we could get some sort of preference since we had a short period of time and they said no.  We finally got through security and TSA told us our gate remained accurate.  (SPOILER: HERE IS WHERE IT GETS FUNKY) Our gate was A30.  If you have ever been to the Phoenix airport, you know that this is the complete END of the terminals.  We got there with 5 minutes to spare only to find out that our gate had changed to A11--you guess it, back way the heck down another arm of terminals.  At this point, I freaked.  I sprinted across the airport knowing that they close the doors 10 minutes prior to the departure (my friends keep saying I was crazy since they must know that a good portion of our flight from Mexico had to go through customs and security/etc. and they would definitely hold it for us like they did when we left from Sacramento).  BOY WERE THEY WRONG.  I sprinted up to our gate with 1 minute to spare only to find out that they closed the doors a minute early and wouldn't reopen them.  I was outraged.  The rule is you wait until 10 minutes before--not 9.  The lady at the counter told me to go to customer service and get on the next flight--not the end of the world, right?  WRONG again. Customer service is where things took a really, really horrible turn.  When I got there I explained what happened and shortly after my arrival, another couple from our flight showed up upset as well that the plane left without us.  5 minutes late, a family of 4 showed up from our Mexico flight heading to Sacramento and missed it by 2 minutes.  They told us that they had 3 flights to Sacramento for the rest of the day and they were all full.  When I asked them why they didn't hold the plane for 5 minutes when obviously 11 people at least hadn't made it from the customs/bag check/security layover issues, they shrugged and said it wasn't their call.  When I asked why they never called our names over the loudspeaker I was told that "It was my duty to check the monitors to see if the gate had changed".  Well I'm sorry, but that is bullshit.  I was lead to believe by TSA that nothing was changed--I RAN through the airport to make the plane that the airline gave not quite enough time for in our layover.  They put all of us on standby for a flight 3 hours later--I know you all are smart out there--we obviously wouldn't all make this flight.  I asked to speak to a supervisor and Roy Hendricks was presented to me.  He told me it was "our fault for not checking the monitors and that there was nothing he could do".  When I explained that it obviously wasn't our fault when 11 people had the same issue, he said, "I am sorry but I have nothing else to say".  When I asked him why I should ever fly US Airways again, he said, "You had plenty of time to make your flight and we are prepared to offer you nothing for your error."  Furthermore, one of the employees behind the desk Suzanne was covering up her badge and when I asked for her name, she refused to give it to me.  I saw Suzanne and asked for her last name and she yelled, "I AM NOT SPEAKING WITH YOU" and put her hand up in front of her face.  I managed to see that her last initial started with a T.  Sarah Mahmood came during this time and sincerely apologized and saw and head the incredibly rude comment by Suzanne.  I have never been treated in such a disgusting way in my life.To make matters EVEN worse, the flight we were on standby for began to board and I asked the ticket agent what our chances were.  She told me that me and one of my guy friends had a good chance of making it, but not my boyfriend and other friend.  I asked her why she couldn't switch my friends spot with my boyfriends, since obviously flying home without my boyfriend would be odd. She explained that no changes could be made.  With tears flowing and my birthday weekend ruined, we waited it out.  Luckily, we all made it by a hair.  WORST birthday weekend ever. I will not fly them ever again!
2	Employees seemed "over it" and jaded from what I'm guessing are years in the industry.The check in and boarding was as average as they come. There is nothing else to say about that. The plane sucked. Yes, it got us to the destination, but the plane looked like it was falling apart. On top of that, it was fu*king freezing, I mean, I was so miserable to AND from our honeymoon. The WiFi didn't work either, which made the freezing temps and the long hours almost unbearable. Also, they charge $25 per bag at check in. That's so ridiculous. That is reason 293847293847 why I like Southwest Airlines so much better, you get to check in TWO bags PER PERSON for FREE. MEHHHHHHH!
2	Not only were both of my flights late, they over booked one so 3 people had to give up there seats. I will pay the extra 30 for a different airline next time
3	I fly US Airways often being based in Phoenix.Service is ok and it's gate location in terminal 4 makes it great for parking in the economy east lot - $9 daily for uncovered and $11 daily for covered parking.I also upgrade to first often especially for longer hauls when available.Most recently I had a sub par experience with a chipped glass and spray paint mark on the arm rest.Food options are not that great on the plane but terminal before boarding has some pretty decent options.Love that they are part of one world alliance now.
1	US Airways caused me to miss an important flight out of Sky Harbor Airport. Realizing their mistake, they offered me a refund on my rental car and hotel room that was purchased in my connecting city that I would not be able to make that night. They gave me a number to call to receive my refund. When I called the number, I was told that I would not receive any refund. Why were they dishonest with me in the first place?
1	Shame on you for your  A-321 plane from Phoenix to Orlando.. I think this plane went into service before the wright brothers were born. Catch up woth the 21st century and uograde ffs. Last time I waste my money with your company.  What a shame and please change your name from US Air to Zimbabwe Donkey ride
1	Sitting here in phoenix again, pilots and crew are pretending to do their jobs. A screw was loose on our original plane and we're close to the hour when we won't be able to take off tonight. Us air is trying to make it look like they're trying to get another plane ready. They're not - even the pilot is standing in the gate area. Liars
1	I am writing in reference to the cancellation of flight 1733 from Orlando (MCO) to Phoenix (PHX) on Wednesday, July 23, and the horrible experience my family and I had with US Airways and its associated companies. My confirmation code is FYT3ZL and my wife, three children and I were scheduled to travel on the previously mentioned flight. The flight was originally scheduled to leave at 8:45 p.m., and we arrived at the gate at 6:30 p.m., well in advance of our boarding time. Soon after our arrival at the gate, we were alerted the plane on which we would be traveling was delayed in Charlotte due to a mechanical issue. The flight was delayed several more times and, finally, at about 10:15 p.m. it was announced the flight was canceled. During the delay, my wife and I struck up a conversation with an off-duty US Airways flight attendant who also was traveling to Phoenix. She was monitoring the flight status using her smartphone. What's appalling is she told us a full 30 to 45 minutes before the 10:15 p.m. gate announcement the flight was officially canceled. My question is, why didn't US Airways alert its customers immediately? Why did the official announcement come from the gate agent 45 minutes later when the decision to cancel the flight had already been made? That was just the beginning of what turned out to be a horrible night. The gate agent who announced the cancellation stated US Airways would be assisting people with other flight arrangements and providing hotel vouchers. He also provided a toll-free number to your reservation department to assist with the flight arrangements, which I used to schedule our flight home to Phoenix. After the announcement, one line formed at the US Airways gate desk. That line included people who only needed hotel vouchers, others who chose to make their flight arrangements with the agent staffing the desk, and a few who needed help with flight arrangements and a voucher. One line was an incredibly inefficient way to manage and address the needs of the passengers. One woman with a disabled child in a wheelchair was forced to leave because of the wait. Had there been a line exclusively for those who only needed hotel vouchers, the process would have moved along a lot smoother. When it was our turn, the agent took a call from a colleague before helping us. It was a conversation about which hotel they were handing out vouchers for. "We are only sending people to the Quality Inn, not the Renaissance," said the gate agent on our end. This bit of information is important because of what we experienced upon our arrival at the Quality Inn. As it was, we left the gate with our Quality Inn hotel voucher in-hand at about 11:30 p.m., more than an hour after the cancellation was announced and vouchers were offered. By this time our children were incredibly tired, hungry and irritable. Needless to say, my wife and I were, too. The hotel shuttle arrived to pick us up at about midnight. The ensuing ride was horrible and could have cost us our lives. The shuttle driver actually fell asleep at a stop sign. He was literally asleep at the wheel. When he was awake he was swerving terribly into oncoming traffic. By the grace of God, we arrived at the hotel at about 12:15 a.m. We were greeted with a line of angry and tired US Airways customers that extended out the front door of the hotel. An hour and 15 minutes later, we were finally in our room, only to have to wake up five hours later to prepare our children and ourselves for our newly scheduled flight home. As I tried to sleep that night in the Quality Inn, I remembered the comment the gate agent issuing the hotel voucher made to his colleague on the other end of the phone: "We are only sending people to the Quality Inn, not the Renaissance." Is it any surprise one motel would be overwhelmed at midnight when a plane-full of customers arrives looking for a place to stay? Perhaps using the Renaissance wouldn't have been such a bad idea. Lastly, to put a capper on this horrible experience, on the flight home as the flight attendants were making their way up the aisle to serve drinks, my wife was asked if she'd like anything. She declined at first, but on second thought decided to enjoy a glass of wine. The flight attendant rolled his eyes at her request. A fitting response, I suppose, given the totality of the experience. We were supposed to arrive home at 9:58 p.m. Wednesday, July 23. Instead, we arrived in Phoenix at about 2:15 p.m., Thursday, July 24. I was forced to miss a day of work. My wife was forced to miss a day of work. All three of our children had to cancel previous obligations. We are incredibly disturbed by the way with which US Airways handled this situation - from beginning to end. It's an experience that was not simply inconvenient, but thanks to your association with the Quality Inn and its shuttle driver, one that could have caused injury or even death.
2	Well.  We got where we were going. It was a flight that was given to me when my original flight (on another airline) was delayed/cancelled. I was famished; don't ordinarily purchase the snacks on a flight as I don't particularly like them, but it was a 5-hour trip...so I reviewed the menu items and asked for a fruit/cheese snack box.  They were all out; I guess by the time the attendants get to the 27th row, selections are limited. So I ended up making another choice and took an extra diuretic to manage the sodium for my blood pressure.Most concerning....I left my prescription eyeglasses onboard flight 1181 from Philadelphia to Phoenix on Sept 11, 2014, and have been trying to reach their Lost and Found section since then. The Lost and Found phone number message box is "full and cannot accept new messages" and other phone numbers attempted will only send me to Lost and Found. Desperately need my glasses but I will likely have to get a replacement as I cannot reach Lost and Found.
4	I loved both my flights to and from Mexico. The Flight Attendants have a bit more class than say AA Airlines. Will fly them again.
1	Worst airline ever. Never on time and will drop you on the far end of airports completely opposite your connecting flight with barely anytime to spare. You get what you pay for I guess (it was the lowest cost flight for us).
1	I fly for business, and hate when I have to fly this airline. They constantly lose my bags, and are rarely on time. I will gladly pay more just to avoid them. Southwest is almost always on time, and while the cattle call is a bit inconvenient, I will use them any time over US Air. Not to mention, the people that work for them have a bit of a chip on their shoulder.
4	We had a good expierance with US Airways on time and friendly . We look forward to flying  with your company soon.
1	On standby with nothing better to do but vent my frustrations about an airline that is completely incompetent!  To start, my ticket did not have my TSA precheck on it (despite having called and spoken to the us airways rep on the phone the day prior).  My husband had his number, but not mine. So much for my efforts to call and make sure that was taking care of....doesnt help if only ONE of us has pre check. A journey from oakland to san antonio took nine hours because both of our flights were delayed.  I was accepting because the afternoon flights are not always timely. I forgave and forgot. HOWEVER....for our 8:45 flight, we woke up early to be on time.  It was still dark as we left our san antonio hotel (which, was awesome. Highly recommend the Mokara Hotel in San Antonio).  Again, my TSA precheck is not on my ticket but after 15 minutes of confusion, the us airways rep FINALLY enabled that.  Fast lane at security so i can go hurry and wait ar the gate. Then, waiting. And more waiting. For an 8:45 am flight, our odds were more promising. Not so. For some reason, the plane was not ready until 15 minutes after our flight was supposed to leave. Once boarded, another 45 minutes goes by with an announcement from the pilot that the bags were now on the flight. Really?  An hour after the flight was to leave, the first flight of the day, and the bags just got on?!  So that was why we were an hour late?So i registered my concern to the stewardess that if our flight was an hour late, we would miss our connecting.  Not much she could do she said.  Finally, we landed and ran to our gate (mind you, we are with our six year old) and get there on the nose.  The gate agent said they closed the doors and we could not get on. Perfect. So now my family is waiting another 3.5 hours to catch an alternate plane on standby. We should have been home now.  I have posted to my facebook that i am forever boycotting this airline. And guess what? my friends are commenting how they have had similar experiences and will never fly us airways!  I can only hope that we get in this flight, it is not delayed and are bags reach our destination. I may be back to edit this review...So i am back to report that after arriving home (finally), we discovered that both of our pieces of luggage were wet inside and out. All clothes had to be washed or dry cleaned. Unbelievable.
2	This time we booked a couple of seats to fly to Oregon.  I upgraded and paid an additional $124 for each of 4 seats to be as close to the front as 6th row to be able to leave quickly.  I have a bulky oxygenator and that needs time and space.  Meanwhile, we had an emergency at home and had to cancel the trip.  The mileage was put back in the bank, but when I want to use it again it would be $150 a ticket each!  They did refund the tax, but only on request.  I asked for a refund for the seat upgrade to be told it was not their policy.  That's dumb-they will be re-selling the seats and making even more money.  They referred me to their refund department, so I emailed them.  I won't hold my breath.This is shady business practices and seems like it must be illegal to me.  You can't get paid twice by renting out the same seats.I will find another airline for my next trip.
3	So I'm here every other week seems like, and I haven't had any problem with US airways..
1	Supervisor Caroline B gave our seats away to a standby passenger while we were waiting at the end of the line to board and slammed the jetway door shut in our face. Unbelievably bad behavior.
1	Deplorable customer service. I lost my bag flying on their tiny aircraft from El Paso to Monterey. The agent tells me to taxi my bag but not to take the stub from the tag or to pick it up at my next destination in Phoenix. By the time I realized my bag was missing, I was in Monterey. I've made every effort to find my bag, but they've made no attempt to look for it. When I called the Phoenix office the lady was extremely rude and practically hung up on me after telling me it was not her problem and to check with my final destination. Not to mention the flights were small, cramped and extremely uncomfortable. I'll never fly with them again. I'll drive if I have to. At least that way I can account for my things better. if there was a rating lower than 1 star I would give it.
1	Flight delayed due to mechanical problems, landed 5 minutes prior to my connecting flight's departure. the flight attendants and desk clerks were screaming at the passengers and herding us like cattle. When we got out of the airplane, they yelled, "if you missed your flight, come here and grab your new ticket!" ....I went up to the desk and I asked, "my flight leaves in a few minutes, how do I know they're not waiting?"  And he answered with HUGE eyes, "cause we don't wait! Now go get your ticket from her".I go to the lady and she asks for my ticket, she tippy taps on the keyboard and prints a new ticket, gives it to me and says, "there you go!  NEXT!" I stand where I was and stare at the time stamp,  my next flight was at 7pm. I'm standing there in disbelief, and she goes, "yup, that's the time, NEXT!"
1	There is only sometimes when I travel and would like to expect a great time, but this time wasn't one of them due to the worst customer service from the ticketing to the flight attendants, to the baggage claim and back. Never would I suggest there services.
5	The best frequent flyer program with free upgrades to first class. Try the 90 preferred program for only $200.00 and get upgraded for free. When you reach 12 segments you will have Silver status all the way through to the next year!
1	Wish there was negative stars.  Volunteered to take the next flight.  The manager Shureen forgot to book my ticket or get my luggage off the plane.  She walked away and while she was gone. Someone sold the last seat.Her solution was phoenix to Portland to Burbank or to Long Beach with a cab or a flight tomorrow.Why am I forced to suffer cause she messed up.  Should have gotten me on another airline.  Never really apologized.No one could give me her managers name.
1	Equipment issue rested in delay. Finally got on plane. Funny noise. Stuck on tarmac. Then back to gate. Now sitting in terminal for 90 minutes. According to tracking system we have landed in San Antonio. Just got text from airline saying we are leaving at 9:50. Gate agent hasn't got a clue. This air line is the worst.
1	A completely avoidable 3 HOUR tarmac delay in a frozen cabin!  NEVER flying US airways again.My connecting flight from PHX to OAK came to the gate with a known major technical issue in the cockpit which would prevent proper pre-flight checks.They boarded us anyway rather than provide a different plane. As one of the first people on board I saw 3 maintenance staff already present on the aircraft.We received no status and upon inquiry (after 45 minutes with no action), they "claimed" it was the first officer's seat-belt that needed replacement.   Seat belts don't take 3 hours to replace, nor do they require 4 levels of maintenance staff.  They had us sit there in a plane cold enough to ship freshly packed meat for 3 freaking hours.By the time we took off I had developed a 103 fever.  I should sue them on behalf of my company, as I'll probably be down for the rest of the week trying to recover.They also violated FAA/DOT rules regarding provision of adequate food/hydration, and after something so egregious, they offered nothing in compensation.
4	Us Airways has been around for a long time.  Now of course US Airways has merged with many Airlines over the years. Last one was America West, who rescued them from Bankruptcy, and now it is another Merge with  American Airlines. Things are starting to go pretty well now with the American merge. First Class is getting better, and your choice of flights is pretty good. Lots of choices between the Airlines. Soon I am sure the prices will be going up but, for now they are not too bad. They go almost everywhere in the US now, as well as many other countries. They are pleasant and planes are clean most of the time.The price is the lowest out there right now. So take advantage of a good deal.
1	Worst flight experience ever.  Traveling with three small children and closed the door on us for our connecting flight because they had re routed us without telling us assuming we were not making our connecting flight which we ran to and arrived at in time.  Customer service may as well close up since they are just faces who can't do anything but admit we were right but they are powerless. Same with 1-800 #.  Don't waste your money flying this airline.
1	I do not fly domestic enough to know what is the Standard. So take that with a grain of salt.I will not fly US airways again. Overall just unhappy staff. Never got a smile once from any of them. Guess they think "customer service" doesnt include friendliness. Whatever.$25 to check any baggage. wow. ok So we only check one. We then arrive at the terminal. we are "zone 5" meaning, last to board. I ask if they offer any "infant boarding" such as all international flights do. They do not.They must have asked us a total of 4 times: "Do you want to check your baggage?" ..*um no.. we dont, Thats another $25 in your pockets for something I can just carry on.* On the 4th time, I just stared at the guy at the counter like *Are you F'ing Serious?* Then shook my head and said "no, we do not want to."3.. Yes 3 Minutes later they announce that all remaining carry on's must be checked.. FOR FREE.  lol Thanks guys. Real nice work.I got an isle seat. Somehow it was broken, so I am slouching toward the isle for 2 hours. No Belt buckle for Infant on lap, such as International Flights require during turbulence.Flight attendants were ok, but again no smiling other than making eye contact with my infant son.Then of course 20 minutes before landing, they advertise to us some ridiculous deal about a flight to hawaii if if you sign up for their credit card. They announced this 4 times over the speaker.I will not fly this airline every again. Why? Bad Customer service, and a constant desire to get their customer to spend more money on their airlines.
3	Par for a flying experienceHad not flown USAir in a long time, but they had the lowest fair since I was going carry-on only for a quick work trip.  Staff was nice on the check-in side and asked me if I wanted to check my bag for $25.  I said "no thanks" and he let me know that was the best choice as my flight would be on a smaller regional jet with limited bag space.  He went on to share that they would courtesy check my bag at the gate for free to manage the space limits.  Good to know!Attendants at the gate and on the flight were all friendly.  It was tighter than a 737... a rare time where I'm glad I'm not 6'.  Not a huge fan of how they do boarding groups, as well. But that is the standard these days and they are just part of the pack. I'd fly again so long as I do the no-checked-baggage thing, again.  I hate the idea of paying $25 for my one average suitcase.
1	Never have I flown US Airlines until today and boy do I regret it. My flight did not start boarding until 15 minutes after the scheduled boarding time.  To add more stress I had a connecting flight (same airline). Yup, you guessed it I DID NOT make it in time. I arrived 4 minutes before departure time! Doors closed therefore not able to get into the plane. A US Airlines representative was able to put me in the next available flight... Which was a 3 hour wait! Not only that, he couldn't even get seats in the same row for my husband and I. As a concerned and upset customer, I took it to the customer service booth located in the airport. I explained my circumstance and the only adjustment that was made was changing my seat. There was no apology or any type of voucher ! Nothing to show their concern for their customers. My opinion: don't schedule connecting flights very closely.  And if a plane is running late... Communicate that with connecting flights. This was obviously the U.S. Airlines problem yet the customers suffered.  Not flying here again.
4	Perfect flight, competent and caring staff, smooth take offs , landings and flights. My carry on was too large for the overhead and quickly valeted for me. It's a budget airline and they get you from point A to point B.I have to laugh at a lot of the reviews where people didn't make their connecting flights. Book flights accordingly and allow for incidentals. Why is this a surprise to people?  Also, if the door is closed, please stop complaining they didn't let you board. Those are the rules and they are there for everyone's safety. Just because you're traveling with 4 kids and couldn't make it to the gate on time shouldn't be everyone else's problem. ALSO - the $25 checked baggage fee is all over the airlines website and check in desk. Please don't act insulted during your whiny yelp review and complain. Do 5 minutes of research before you book your flight and maybe you won't be so caught off guard by the information that is readily available to you.That is all.
1	This is the worst experience I have ever had with an airline. I had 3 flights delays for 2 hours or more!!! I miss some very important business, which cause me to miss hundreds of dollars and personal event dealing with my family. I'm going write more complaints on yelp and anywhere so other future clients don't make a mistake to purchase a flights with US Airways!!!!It's 8pm 12/6/14 and now my flight has  been cancelledI been at the airport since 4pm
1	I'm very familiar with airline operations, procedures, and customer service.  Of the large US carriers, US Air has the worst customer service, and has for years.  I quit buying tickets on them years ago. Today, however, I was rerouted onto them when an AA flight cancelled.  Those two are merging and I hope the combined AA will not adopt any US Air's terrible procedures. Today I arrived at my US Air gate 60 minutes prior to departure.  No gate agent.  She showed up just in time to call for boarding.  Myself and another passenger from the cancelled flight were waiting to check in. She said she didn't have time. She had to board.  Jet boarded, closed up 15 min. prior to departure time and left with lots of empty seats.  She didn't have time.  Now waiting on another flight.I understand weather delays, maintenance cancellations, etcetera. But stupidity and poor customer service is not acceptable.
1	I so wish that I could give zero stars.  If this isn't the worst airline in operation, I would hate to discover what is.  They are great to notify you by phone of a delay but want to have you wait at the gate in the event that they get their heads out of their butt and are able to get you out prior to the estimated delay time.  What?  Thank you for wasting my time you idiots.  Speaking with a customer service representative or a supervisor is like speaking with a mannequin.  I will drive or crawl to my next destination before using US Airways.
2	Plane ride and flight attendants were okay, what is about expected on a commercial flight, but due to having to check a bag last minute claiming "there wouldn't be room for our overhead bags". There was still plenty of room. Total BS from this airline.
1	Place is a dump..... I had a connector in Arizona from my LAX to BOS flight with an hour layover. I patiently waited at the gate my ticket told me and as my departure time neared I checked with the woman at the gate that I was for sure in the right place and she assured me yes I was. When the time came that my flight should be departing I checked again and was told no the gate changed without any announcement and I should have been checking monitors. I'm now delayed waiting to get back home to try and see my grandmother before she passes, God forbid they make me late.
1	600$ ticket for a flight on an old plane with not even a TV. They try to sell you everything even, different seats have higher prices. Absolutely annoying. They are all getting worse. Horrible customer service.
3	I would have liked to give more stars because the gentleman at the ticket counter was great we paid for my son to get first class and he upgraded my husband and me as well Problem was the rest of the US Airline personnel were not very nice. We we're over weight due to holiday Gifts both coming and going We took things out and put them on other bags. Oh didI say we had to pay forChecked in luggage. Ticks me off. Then on our return home a wheelchair was suppose to pick my son up but it never showed up and we were at the end of the concourse Love traveling but not the air travel part
1	Worst airlines  I have ever flown. Had to change my flight because of illness and had to pay a 200.00 fee..... with trip insurance!!!!  And this is why I only fly SW Airlines!!!!!. Planes were dirty and hostesses were rude. Charged $25.00 each way for small bag. Asked a hostess for a coke after they had passed me with the barcart and you would have thought I had asked her to grill me a sandwich. Never again!!!
1	There is a reason the flights are so cheap...they charge you 100 dollars if your bag is over 50 pounds but they'll give you a trash bag to put your items in to check and then you don't have to pay. Oh, I guess that extra five pounds really doesn't make a difference then does it. Why would I put my belongings in garbage bag to get tossed around? I even to them I was military on leave orders and it didn't seem to matter. Awful airlines... I'll pay extra to fly with Alaska.
1	Worst airline known to man and corporate doesn't care IN the least when a customer needs assistance or God forbid do your job!!!! I have over half a dozen friends who have worked for Southwest for over 15 years each. SWA would never tolerate the rude, no    imitative, lazy, worthless, self serving, pieces of garbage US Airways hires. Never been so literally disgusted time and time again with the service. Regretfully it's one of the most "streamlined" method of travel I need to utilize for business on a regular basis. Greyhound sounds more appealing on all seriousness.
