4	This place was a welcome surprise! The decor is amazing, really beautiful and the food was delicious! I highly recommend the beef brisket noodle soup - tons of flavor in the broth and brisket that was just falling apart good.
3	Look, you go to Vegas, you have to expend a premium on pricing.  I was a bit appalled to see that my $9 bowl of cabbage and beef cubes in broth was so small, but found it really quite good.It wasn't terrible, it just seems overpriced is all.
3	My last review...Went last night with my husband who'd raved about it -- it's in the old 808 restaurant location (bad) in Caesars, sort of down from Rao's and Payard...instead of closed (meaning you're unable to see inside the restaurant), it's now open (open kitchen, counters, open, inviting dining room -- and looks like it's draped in a white metal doily... they've created an entrance of fishtanks filled with gorgeous fantail goldfish -- trust me, you have to see it to believe it.  It is beautiful.  But then there's a master noodlemaker plying his trade in the front window...aahhh...that's the ticket.We claimed two seats at the counter -- back line -- to watch the other chefs ply their woks.   Service starts out fine -- then the guy vanishes for about 20 minutes.  Not surprisingly, husband gets ticked off -- and fortunately, expeditor and another server (more senior) save the day.  We order every dumpling on the menu, one pancake (the beef), one order of noodles (with eggplant) and see a guy next to us eating salt & pepper shrimp and we have to have it, too.The dumplings begin to come out first.  The imperial soup dumplings are not to be missed -- not that many places serve them.  Beware  -- you'll burn your lip, if you can't be patient.  This is authentic Chinese -- really fascinating stuff.  I wasn't as crazy about the shumai, but the bao were dynamite, too -- but those soup dumplings....Everything was delicious -- until the last dish arrived - the shrimp.  The guy's looked much better than ours did.  And our dish was mealy, it had that cornstarchy needs-to-stay-in-the-fryer a little bit more taste -- instead of the snap and flavor that we love.  Husband sent it back (he rarely, if ever does that) -- and the server agreed, you could see it.  Since we were sitting on the line, we watched the server take it back to the Chef Tournant and show him -- he took the plate, walked around to the wok side of the line -  added what was left on our plate (that we'd returned) and put it on another order.  Sent it back to the expeditor to send out to roomservice. I swear.  My husband and I watched with our jaws open.  Couldn't believe what we'd just seen.Never ever ever have I seen a chef do that -- let alone in front of us -- and he knew we saw him do it, too.  Let's just say my husband will be discussing this in lineup today for sure and I had to yelp it.  Sadly as a result, this restaurant became a bit too authentic for my repeat business...
3	quirky looking place - my girl loved the fish tanks as you enter the restaurant, she didn't care for my staring at the hosts skimpy lil orange skirt walking us to the table like she's on the catwalk. once inside, geez louise, white, white and more white - what gives ? by meals end my eyes were fluttering - i found it irritating. cucumber w/ garlic app ( cold ) - excellent, we just had the same at china mama a few days before and Noodle #9 wins hands down ! Braised beef noodle soup - the meat tasted great, gf loved the noodles but the broth was lacking - kinda surprising given the beef chunks were tasty. Shrimp and pork fried dumplings - ehhhhh kinda dull mushrooms ( forgot the name of this dish - basically 3 types of mushrooms - sauteed ) - very good - probably my fav dish of the night gf had a dumpling dish - damn it - she ordered it in chinese so not sure which one - it's basically 2 dumplings - kinda look like crab cakes - very heavy - full of soup - burned my tongue on this one - the broth had great flavor. total cost - including tea, soy milk and a diet coke - $68 - whew !! my guess, it would cost about $40 on spring mountain.
3	I really like the decor. White swirls cover the entire ceiling and walls and create rounded corners. Several large goldfish tanks add motion and orange colors to the white surroundings. The orange and white is mirrored in the polka dots of the glasses. The orange is also found on the hostess and in the uniforms of the waiters.The prices are higher than an average Chinese restaurant but you are in Vegas. This was one of the cheapest satisfying meals that we found all weekend. For the same price as one crepe at Payard, you can have a full meal.Note that there is the bar up front, small tables in the back, and large round tables for groups.GOOD: We had the pork wontons in chicken soup. The wontons tasted very fresh, as did the bokchoy. It was around $10 and is easily a full meal for one person.  GOOD: seafood dumplings with soup inside
4	Four stars mainly for the fabulous decor. From the beautiful aquariums filled with goldfish to the intricate white lace design of the wall and ceilings, this is a very impressive looking restaurant.The food was good. Nothing out-of-this-world but still good.I only wish the prices were a bit lower.
4	This was quite a find.  Super cool goldfish tanks as a centerpiece to the entry.  Wall and ceiling decorations made you feel like YOU were in a fishbowl.  Delicious noodle dishes and traditional Chinese selections.  Prompt service, too.
4	Goldfish-thousands of identical fish in six tanks meet you as you enter the place.  That and the color white.  The decor can knock you out; the food not so.  But if you order just one item on the menu, let it be the noodle dishes.  Slippery and chewy goodness. Broth needs more flavor but condiments are nearby.  Good to have if you're not paying(pricey) but looking at the fishes will calm you down when you pay the tab. p.s. the hostess was a hottie.
2	the only cool part of this place is the gold fish tanks and the interior of the restaurant. the decor is the only reason this place gets stars.. the food: gross... i mean seriously. they make only one type of noodle here and there is no way to have it any other way then the way it is on the menu. the portions are pretty small, so if you like noodles its going to suck for you, I love noodles and it was quite sad for me. the hainan chicken rice was decent. the dim sum shrimp "har gow" was good and very shrimpy. but for 9 bucks you better hope so.  the soy milk was okay a little bland, the watermelon juice was good. o the vietnamese coffee, dont get it. its not good at all... overall the noodles are good. i just wish it was flavored better. the tomato based sauce noodles was good and the mushroom one was kinda too grocery store frozen food for my taste. o yea.. the dumplings both fried and steamed sucked so do without those. haha.. good thing i didnt pay for anything. LOL i would have been annoyed even more.
4	Our buddy Bruce introduced us to this place during a convention. It was a pleasant surprise. It was a bit fancy with decor and the gold fish tank is usually a place that Laura would pause let alone a restaurant I would bring her to. But, I'm glad we did. The chicken clay pot dish was extremely tasty. If I'm stuck in the area again, I would come back.
2	agree with most reviewers - the only cool thing about this place is the decor (the goldfish tanks and the use of white).  we ordered 2 noodle dishes, 2 apps, and an entree.  The two noodle dishes were ok - a bit overpriced but it's a vegas hotel restaurant so i accepted it.  The two apps we got were soup dumplings and some beef patty bun thing.  Both were horrible.  The soup dumplings didn't have any soup.  The beef patty buns were tasteless.  But the worst dish was the entree.  We got the Spicy chicken dish (the one that comes with peanuts).  AWFUL!  The chicken was DRY and overall, the dish was very bland in flavor.  I suggest just trying the noodle if you really want to stop in.  There are better places to eat on the strip for the price!
3	LOVE the decor.  Upon entering the restaurant you are greeted by huge tanks of goldfishes and the amazing thing is the water is really clean. If you ever had any kind of aquarium, you know its hard to keep the water clean and theirs is squeeky clean. The inside is all white and the ceiling is spectacular.  The kitchen is open and you can see the chefs prepare the dishes.  The decoration by the kitchen is very colorful, containers filled with many different spices. The burst of color by the kitchen is the  the only color you will find in this restaurant, except for the goldfishes. The servers are courteous and attentive.  The menu seemed pricey, dumplings being around $10 for 4 pieces.  To get our money's worth we ordered main entrees (15-25 depending on serving size), wanting to try the famous hand pulled noodles that are made fresh (you can watch someone make the noodles near the entrance of the restaurant). We ordered the Chef's handmade noodle with sliced pork and mushrooms, sauteed diced beef and fried rice.  We liked the noodles so much that we ordered a second one.  I thought the food was good but the noodle was the best of the bunch.  We loved the ambiance, the experience and the noodles.  For the price of the food and because of the smaller portions, i don't think we will come back.  I think it is a must try at least once and if I am hankering for fresh hand-made pulled noodles, and I have extra money in my pocket, this wil be the place to go.
3	This teview is based on a visit at 10:15 PM on 7/1/2009.  I went there expecting to see the noodle being pulled and made, since it is a noodle shop, but unfortunately the bar by the noodle maker was closed.  As a noodle lover and homemade noodle creator, it would have been awesome to see how they made it.  As the name of the place implies, Beijing Noodle No. 9.  You should only go for noodles here.  Handmade noodles goes best with beef stew (usually hong sao.)  But the broth here was different.  It was not spicy, not too salty, lightly sprinkled with cilantros and scallions.  The noodles were excellent and worth the taste experience.  As i mentioned before homemade noodles goes best with beef broth and the flavor and amount was perfect.  Everything else at this place, I skipped because of my own built in homemade noodle bias.
5	1,200 sparkling glinty goldfish welcome you to the inside of the aquarium to commune with the most fantastic shrimp dumplings. Do yourself a favor and order the best hot and sour soup I've ever had.  I really got the feeling that this was not just a restaurant in Caesar's but rather a respite from the smokey,tacky glory that is Vegas. One of the most brilliant interior designs, with pops of warm colors heating up the snowy garden that is the inside. The employees were sweetly attentive and I watched them work as a well coordinated team.  Yes, lunch for two was $50, but it was worth it. I will be back.
3	I had the Chef's Handmade Noodle with Sliced Pork and Mushroom.  My gf had noodles with egg and tomato.  Mine was pretty decent, and so was my gf's, but neither one was anything special.  The egg and tomato is something I make myself..  albeit with rice, but still, it ain't no thang, and they charge like 12 or 13 bucks for it.The decor was a little off putting, I think.  I mean, it was "neat"..  but, just too busy..  or something.  Like snazzy contemporary, but no soul.  I dunno, I can't put my finger on it.Service was aight.  Took forever to get our bill.Overall, it's one of those places that are eh, not bad..  but nothing to get that enthused about.
2	Very cool interior BUT the food's gotta go.It's bad.  Bad & expensive = a big NO NO.We got the beef noodle bowl.  Big mistake.  The flavorless broth desperately needed some salt, or something.  Chow mein noodles and tiny slivers of beef are the only other ingredients.   Never again.Braised tofu and veggies was $14.  I guess that's what you can expect to pay at a chinese joint inside the Caesars.  The portion was really small and the sauce wasn't very good.  Never again.The only 'okay' dish was the cold beef appetizer.  Basically it's a marinated shank that's been boiled, then chilled, then sliced thinly with some cilantros thrown on top.  The portion was surprisingly generous and it tasted ok.  Overall, this place is a disappointment.  The noodle joint at the Bellagio is WAY better.  2 stars for the appetizer and the trippy decor.
5	I had a conference in Caesars Palace for a little over a week and I would sneak down to Beijing Noodle No. 9 for lunch every chance I got.Initially, all I could think about was the cool decorations.  There are columns and sections of wall filled with water and real goldfish.  The ceiling and the floor matched the contemporary, watery-fish decoration so it's almost like sitting in a room that Michael Jackson considers his "fishy room."  A little off-putting but still very cool.The food itself was excellent.  I cannot rave enough about the Kung Pao Chicken which is easily the best item on the menu.  That dish contains all white meat and hardly any fat.    I feel like a perverse old man describing an Olsen twin but oh well.My co-workers ordered several other somewhat mainstream Chinese dishes and they were solid.  The restaurant also offers sushi but it was mediocre at best.Beijing Noodle is expensive but it's Vegas and I challenge you to find a cheaper on-strip restaurant.The wait staff was very nice and responsive, I don't think I had to ask for more water once in my 5 or 6 visits.  But because it's so easily accessible to Caesars Palace patrons, it can get pretty busy at times so make a reservation or else you'll be waiting a few minutes for a table.
3	THE ORDER: Pork Pancakes (OMG good) Won ton Soup (Bland & Boring) Shrimp Fried Rice (Bland & Boring) Beef w Hand Made Noodles (OK) YIPPEEE: Amazing Pork Pancakes.       Crunchy outside / hot & steamy middles.       Intense rich fresh pork & green onion flavor.       Wish i had 1 right now. Yummy!!! The restaurant is visually stunning.       Done in a white on white motif       The only color added by the goldfish tanks pops of golden orange. BOOO: OVER-PRICED!!!      I don't mind spending the money if it provides a mouth orgasm.      Sadly only the pancakes provided any kind of excitement. Hand made noodles:     Seems special but are a let down.      Texture above average.            Nice firm tooth appeal      Beef and sauce it was in just OK. SUMMARY: Overpriced, Bland & Boring, Chinese food. BUT WAIT - go anyways & get just 1 thing AMAZING-Pork pancakes.                      They are worth it.
3	Very hit or miss.The decor is awesome - a very unique dining room.Service was pretty mediocre.We ordered beef dumplings, noodles with brisket, and a duck dish.The dumplings tasted like dumplings you'd get at any of 100 places in any city in America.Noodles with brisket were great.  The noodles were pretty good - and putting brisket with them seemed like a pretty good idea.  The duck dish bordered on disaster.  There was so much bone and gristle in the duck that eating the overcooked meat was probably more work than it was worth.  The sauce wasn't flavorful, and there was nothing else on the plate.  Just a bunch of pieces of cut up duck with the bones in.I'd probably go back to eat the brisket and noodles.  Even in the context of pricy vegas places where location inflates the prices - I dont think this place provides very good value.
1	Overprice...Won Ton noodle for $23...taste horribleBeef fried rice!$16 you can't even find beef at all, may be scentedNever go there again...they deliver a bowl of soup to our table we thought that's the one that we order but another waitress told me that's wrong one...disappointed.
1	Yeah this place is god awful. I rarely shell out a one star rating but this place completely deserves it. Firstly, the food was terrible, we ordered eight items and not one of them was good. The food was simply tasteless.Secondly, in addition to being all around poor, it was way overpriced. One of the worst bangs for my buck that I've ever had.The only good thing about the place were the fish tanks they have inside; those are awesome.I have extreme difficulty understanding how anyone could even think of giving this place more than 2 stars; it was HORRIBLE.Spend your money wisely; go somewhere else when you're in Vegas.
4	people who complain abou the prices...dude. it's SOOO much cleaner than other chinese restaurants. if u want cheap stuff, don't go to a restaurant in a las vegas hotel. go order take out. the food is pretty good...it's beijing style so pretty light but i thought it was good. i can understand people who think it doesn't taste good because it's not loaded with MSG and soy sauce like other places. in that case go order out from some americanized chinese placeI think people who like real Chinese good made like the stuff from china will enjoy it. the handmade noodles were great. my 80 year old grandparents said it's been such a long time since they had this authentic beijing food and homemade noodles...the fried rice is light and buttery like GOOD fried rice. not the 4 dollar kind u order from every other place that is mixed with a bunch of soy sauce and other chemicals which = kidney stones or arteries clogging. it's all light and healthy. people who give it a bad review just don't understand real chinese food. they just like the bad shitty kind u get everywhere else. the prices aren't great but what do you expect...every food joint in the big hotels on the strip try to rip u off.
1	Overpriced!!!Bad service!!!The MOST important thing is the food taste REALLY BAD!!!
3	Pros: Very stimulating and intricate interior design, delicious noodles, friendly service.Cons: Soup dumplings weren't really soupy, service was a bit slow, overpriced.I haven't really tried any other menu items to give an accurate review, but  I hope to go back one of these days to give it another try.
1	Beijing Noodle No. 9*sigh*Where should I start? Well I'll start with the one thing that wasn't bad with this place, the interior design. Pretty unique and different than your average noodle house. It's Vegas though, they have to impress. I'll say that it was the only thing that had me impressed.Now with that out of the way, let's get on with the 1 Star reasons. First and foremost, the service was horrible. Our waiter took a ridiculously long time to actually get to our table and provide any kind of service. He took forever to come and take our order, bring out water, provide a fork for my girlfriend who can't use chopsticks, bring out our food, refill our drinks and bring out the check! To top that off, he had such an amazing attitude. Not! He was pretty rude, not going to lie. The food took awhile for it to make it on our table. The restaurant wasn't busy at all and we only ordered noodles and dumplings. Really?On to the food now. Absolutely overpriced for the quality and quantity. Ordered the Chef's Handmade Noodles with Sliced Pork and Mushrooms. Barely any presence of sauce, pork or mushrooms on this tasteless noodle concoction. Plus, there weren't many noodles to begin with for paying $15.09. Yeah $15.09, because all there items are priced with .09 cents at the end. Hence the restaurant name. Laaaame. Oh, did I mention that paying $15.09 was a preposterous amount to spend on a tiny bowl of noodles that didn't taste good? I know it's located in Caesar's Palace in good ol' Las Vegas but come on! My goodness. I honestly could have enjoyed a "Cup 'o' Noodles" more. The pan fried beef dumplings that we ordered were ok. I've had better tasting dumplings for a cheaper price. Good grief.Well I am completely 110% sure that I will not be visiting this restaurant ever again the next time I'm in Vegas. Such a shame that there were so many other choices out there that we ended up choosing this one. Wish I had my laptop with me so I could have checked the reviews on this place.
2	Meh. I've experienced better.That pretty much sums it up.. Everything was okay, not great, and I don't usually have noodles with so little.. everything else, although I realize that the addition of a ton of meat is part of the Americanization of Asian food.The dumplings were good, but I love dumplings almost all the time anyway. It was all overpriced - again, glad I didn't have to pay this time.
1	The food was so so but absolutely overpriced. A small braised beef brisket noodle soup cost $14 and 4 tiny seafood soup dumplings cost $12. You can get these in any Chinatown at a half of the price, and they are tastier and more authentic. Nothing special about the noodle and the broth, and the beef was a bit tough. As for the soup dumplings, they didn't have any "soup" inside at all. But overall, like I said, the food was not good, but not terribly bad either. The worst part was actually their service! The only nice thing was their decor.
1	Boycot this restaurant for serving shark fin
3	We went here for lunch. The decor was pretty cool, although I thought there were too many fish in the aquarium (on one of the press clippings outside the restaurant it said you could choose your own fish to eat - I hope they weren't talking about these cute little gold fish). As for the food we shared a small bowl of noodles with pork and mushrooms ($15), steamed pork buns ($10) and Vietnamese iced coffee ($6). The noodles were I guess hand made and actually quite tasty, but there was barely anything else in the bowl....just some sweet sauce, 2-3 slices of mushroom and 2-3 pieces of shredded pork/dried bacon. The buns were average - edible but nothing special. The coffee was good. The most exciting part of the meal was the fire...so midway through our lunch fire alarm went off. At first we thought it was just a test so we did not pay much attention to it and neither did anyone else (we experienced fire alarm test at Harrah's the day before). But then we heard overhead announcement saying "please evacuate the building" so we asked the waitress what was going on and she said "don't worry, this happens all the time". What, they have daily evacuations!? I don't think she understood the announcement so we asked her to please go outside and check it out (we were somewhat concerned, but apparently not so motivated to check it out ourselves). She came back reporting that everything was ok, but that we were free to leave if we wanted. No one else budged from their seats and so comforted by the crowd mentality we stayed. A few minutes later there was another announcement saying that fire had been contained and to return to our normal activity. So much for fire alarms.
2	2.5 StarsOkay, so I understand this place isn't going compare to any of he excellent Northern Chinese restaurants in the San Gabriel Valley. But, I was hopeful after speaking to the staff, many of which were from China. They described the food as being excellent.The first problem with the place were the prices. I expected it to be overpriced, but this was ridiculous. I guess the lease in Caesars Palace doesn't help, nor does the beautifully decorated interior. All that being said, I expected the quality of the ingredients and the quantity of each dish to be much better. We ordered the Pad Fried Dumplings(Gyoza), Braised Baby Bok Choy, Mapo Tofu, Beef Noodle Soup and Pan Fried Pork Pancakes. None of these dishes were spectacular. The Bok Choy was okay, the gyoza were very small and the quantity was pitiful. The highlight was the Beef Noodle soup, it was good and the chunks of beef were nicely braised. The mapo tofu was terrible, nothing like what it's supposed to be. The service was good and they have some interesting beverages, but this place definitely caters to the American tourist. Like many of the other reviews you can get all of the dishes served here for half the price in any Chinatown.
2	There is only 1 good thing about this place. The decoration of the place was very artsy. It made me felt like I was in a fish bowl or something, I felt I was trapped in some sort of container. It was weird, but very interesting at the same time. The food was not as good as I thought it was going to be. As you enter the restaurant, you would notice a few chefs working at the bar making fresh noodles or some dim sum. However, after ordering a bowl of braised beef noodle soup, I wasn't able to tell the difference between package noodles and the fresh hand made ones. The soup base was a very plain beef soup, nothing special about it. The braised beef was juicy, (probably from sitting in the soup for so long) but it was flavorless and there were no sauce that accompany my order to improve the taste.The price was extremely over price, especially for the quality of our food. My noodle soup was a small size and it was about $16. If the food was a lot better and if the waiters pay more attention to us, it would of POSSIBLY been worth the money. I also ordered a cocktail, (Shang Hai Wave) it was very delicious, but it was about $12. It had a strong lychee flavor which was delicious and it has a sweet finish.DON'T EAT HERE.Reasons why:- Food was way over priced- Service was not extraordinary- Quality of food was deceiving
2	I expected something different from a hep looking Noodle Bar.  Here is my honest opnion - Cons - a)  Too expensive for the experience - you can get a buffet at Harrah's or even MGM for the price.b)  Too little quantity for the pricec)  Grumpy service - slow and bordering on rude.Pros - a)  Unique decor - fits in with Vegas style completely.b)  Above average food - I had the egg and tomato hand drawn noodles - very tasty.  The fried rice was so - so.  Go here if there are no other options or you haven't had Chinese food in a while.
1	This restaurant looked really cool from the outside.  I guess I got sucked in by all the beautiful fishes in the fish tanks.  I also thought how bad can noodles be from BeiJin?  Whua, shocker!  It was BAD!They said they the noodles were hand-pulled.  I know how hand-pulled noodles should taste.  These were not even close.  The texture were too soft and didn't have the Q (Al Dante) they should have.  The Pork and mushroom sauce were so little, I had to add soy sauce to the noodles in order to eat it.  The order of  'Beef Pancakes' has 2 and were the size of dollar coin.  Conclusion - very small portion, very expensive, and very bad food!  Don't be enticed by the fish tanks like I did.  WALK FAR FAR AWAY from this place!  It's not even worthy of 1 star!
2	3 stars, minus the one star penalty for serving shark fin.Went to Beijing Noodle No. 9 with some colleagues for lunch during a conference held at Ceasar's Palace.  Good:  BRILLIANT decor.  It's inventive, unique, and shows that you dont need to throw a bazillion dollars at decor to do something really striking.  Kudos to the design team on this place.Bad:  Food and service was hit and miss.  My hot and sour soup was excellent; main dish, not as much.  Wait person never seemed to be around when we needed her.Ugly:  They have shark fin on the menu.  Shame!  I took away one star on my reviewMy advice:  Poke your head in and admire the decor for a minute or two, then move along to Mesa Grill.
1	Our family went to this place on Christmas day, 2009.  We ordered six different dishes, some soup, some noodle, some chicken dishes.  Seafood noodle had one shrimp and one squid and one green vegi on top of noodle.  Supposed to be hand made noodle, but the texture was bad.  The food didn't have enough flavor, seasoning, it tasted like nothing. My five year old could make something like that. Some dishes was just too salty and some were just too blend.  We also had to put some soy sauce to eat the noodle.  I made a mistake going to this place without reading reviews.   The place looks fancy but food is awful. Food was also expensive compare to what you get. I've never had this awful tasting chinese food in my entire life. Just plain bad, period. AVOID THIS PLACE!!!  YUK... if I could give none star, I would....  I wonder how this place can stay in business....
2	From the outside, the restaurant looked cool but once I walked through several large fish tanks full of gold fishes and into the white dining area, it felt like I just stepped into an insane asylum. Maybe I was insane for trying such a pretentious restaurant that I know will serve average food I can get elsewhere for 1/2 the price. Oh well, it was too late to turn back and we wanted something light before hitting the road. Maybe I would be pleasantly surprised. Nope, as expected the food was average. We ordered braised beef brisket ($16.00) with handmade noodle and steamed pork buns ($9.00). Braised beef noodle - The soup was actually good but the noodle was average. With the word "noodle" in the name of the restaurant, the noodle was a big disappointment. Also, the beef had a wet towel smell to it. Steam pork bun - a disappointment as well. The texture of the bun was not firm and was a bit mushy and the pork had no flavor. At $9 for 3 little buns, we were expecting more. Service was good if this was a hole in the wall joint but when you are charging $16 for noodle soup, the service needs to be stepped up a notch or two. Everything about this restaurant is pretentious even for LV standards, from the ridiculous gold fish tanks, to the cold decor to the hostess in miniskirt (not complaining here). Noodle is comfort food so it would be nice if the restaurant could have a warmer feel to it. Recommendation: Don't come here for the food but if you like to look at gold fish, this is the place for you. Also, if you like all white decor, you won't be disappointed here.
2	I've stayed at Caesar's Palace several times and always order to go from Noodle No.9.When ordering to go, the service is always professional, the food excellent.This time i decided to dine-in. My only explanation for the lack of good service would be that it must be a cultural one. The staff is pretty professional - but i never saw one smile. And when i would ask for a substitution, it was met with much resistance. Then, when ordering desert, i was in a hurry and wanted my ice cream to go, they said they wouldn't - i was like "put it in a dixie cup!" But i do have to say - the atmosphere is amazing and the food is great - i just think the entire staff needs to go through an american customer service training - ASAP!
3	This restaurant is really cool...worth visiting just to see the setting/decor. If you are inside the Caesar Palace or in the vicinity and want chinese food, go to this place instead of the chinese place at the Forum food court. The food is pretty good. The specialty item is the handpull noodle with different topping, with the pork/mushroom as being the most popular. I did try that and was happy with it. I do eat in the San Gabriel valley a lot and I think this place is pretty good. The food cost anywhere from $9-$30 per dish, which is still cheaper than any other sit down chinese restaurants at the Bellagio, The Aria, or the Wynn. Red 8 at the Wynn is probably the best casual asian/chinese in the casino though.
2	Cloud 9.  When you are inside, you literally feel like you're in the sky.  The interior decor is gorgeous!  I love the white metal artsy walls.  It is definitely very unique!  The only thing I don't like is the gold fishes.  When I first saw this place, the gold fishes freaked me out because there were too many.  I honestly would never had came in here if it wasn't for my fiance.  I'm sure glad that we made reservations here because the interior decor alone was all worth just being in there.  So, 1 star goes to the interiorSo, we came here for a family dinner on Christmas day.  There were 18 of us.  They split the group into two.  We had no trouble with getting seated.  They have plenty of tables to accommodate to anyone.The second star goes to some of the food that I ate.  The food was not as impressive and was a little bland.  I also expected the food to be better since it is in the Caesar's Hotel.  My family ordered 1 small and 1 large Pork Noodle Bowls, 2 plates of Duck, 1 Braised Beef, 3 plates of dumplings, Fried Rice, Chinese Broccoli, and some other cold dishes.  The total all came out to be over $250.   All the dishes range from $15-30 dollars.  Again, nothing really wowed me, especially considering the price of each dish.  I was super excited to try the Pork Noodles Bowl because I heard that they Handmade their noodles, but I was disappointed.  The noodles were good, but the flavor was bland.  However, the only thing I really liked out of all the dishes was the Pork Noodle Bowl (small $15, Large $25), which says a lot.  The dumplings were okay too, not the best that I have ever tried.  I was especially sad when I ate the duck.  Duck is my favorite meat and it just tasted too clean.  Normally, chinese duck is full of yummilicious oily greasy flavor, but not this one.   The portion for each dish is small, so we had to order multiples of each dish to feed a family of 9.The service was decent.  Our waiter was really nice, but put down the Small for our dishes even though we explicitly told him that we were eating family style.  Due to this mishap, our family had to order more and the large dishes of all the small dishes that we got, which came out to more $$.  Overall, sadly to say.. I would not come here again for chinese food, especially when considering the price, portion, and flavor.  Not the best that I have tried.
4	Went on a Monday during lunch- NO WAIT!Anyway, would've preferred a different interior- the walls sort of just made me feel like I was going crazy. Also the goldfish tanks were cool, but my friend and I came up with a theory that they had that many goldfish in each tanks so you couldn't see when one died. The food was great! It was quite filing, and didn't take long to come out. We split a dumpling and a noodle plate, and it was just filling enough- portions are not big. The service, on the other hand, was crap. I'm a noodle whore, so I enjoyed it. Will probably go back if I'm near.
2	As you would expect from a place as ornate as Caesar's Palace, this has to be the prettiest Chinese restaurant I've ever been to. Its gleaming bright white is festooned with paisley-like cut-outs to give oh-so-subtle silhouette patterns from floor to ceiling (see photos). If you ask me, it's a little too white, sort of like a scene from George Lucas' "THX 1138" (sorry for the geek sci-fi reference). The only real color comes courtesy of the thousands of goldfish inhabiting the oblong tanks along the entryway. It's quite a sight since you're never quite sure if they are there for decoration or as a potential appetizer. Yet, even when you're seated, the white-on-white decor makes you feel like everyone is staring and your fly is open. Jamie W. and I quickly buried our heads into the menus. We decided to share two dishes, both extravagantly priced - the $20.09 Steamed Scallops and Vermicelli with Garlic and the $16.09 Braised Pork with Rice Noodle Beijing Style (see photos). Note the artificial use of the number 9 in their prices to reflect their name. Anyway, when the dishes came out, we were both startled at how decidedly mediocre they looked and tasted. It was like watching a supermodel wearing a stunning outfit only to discover she was wearing dirty panties underneath. The scallops were not terrible, just paltry (only six served) and bland with an incompatible pile of transparent pasta underneath. The braised beef dish, however, was deplorable. Whether the noodles were homemade or not, they looked like the kind of thick chow mein you would get at a bad suburban take-out joint. Again, the meat portion was paltry, and there was nothing to indicate it had been braised more than sitting in a wok for far too long. Not only the food was disappointing, but the service was surly and the hostess had attitude. Perhaps there were too many high-rollers who didn't leave tips. FOOD - 2 stars...mediocre and pricey, a deadly combination AMBIANCE - 4.5 stars...like I said, pretty white-on-white decor with lots of goldfish SERVICE - 2 stars...why the sour face? TOTAL - 2 stars...take a pass and go to Noodles in the Bellagio...better food with a smile
3	I went here for lunch during a business trip last week and was pleased with my meal and experience. I really liked the funky decor and couldn't stop looking around. It has an all white interior with orange accents including large fish tanks full of orange gold fish. the white tables have orange accents with the beautiful blown glass glasses. I wish I could have taken one home!Now onto the food. We started with an order of spring rolls. I was starving and they were good. I really liked the spicy mustard sauce that was served with them.  I got a noodle dish - homemade noodles with eggplant - for lunch, how could I not when their specialty is home made noodles?! I was not disappointed - the noodles were delicious and the serving size was perfect.  All and all I was pleased with my lunch experience. The service was great too.
2	Mediocre FoodPathetic ServiceDO NOT EAT HERE. SAVE YOUR TIME. 2 STARS
2	I can't believe that I haven't read a review that mentions that the ceiling cut-outs are completely nauseating! We actually had to stare at the table to keep from getting sick! Also, the tanks of goldfish kind of put me off my meal... Usually a restaurant that has tanks actually stocks fish it serves in said tanks. As we entered, I immediately thought, "Please don't tell me they serve goldfish here." The food was okay. It was fine. Not worth the price tag and there certainly wasn't anything about the ambiance that would bring me back. Save your time and money, oh, and your stomach.
4	A lot of people on Yelp who reviewed have a problem with the service and for some reason, the food here.  I've been a fan of this place for awhile and absolutely love eating here when I'm craving salt & pepper chicken, shumai and house noodles.I lived on Guam all my life, and I hoped to find more than a handful of places to eat really authentic Asian food. Most of them are Americanized to fit the pallets here, but I think this place keeps it as close as you can get to what I'd eat back home.  The dishes I mentioned earlier are definitely something to try when you go here.  They're all I order because it's that good.  I love the extreme saltiness, sour, and sweetness you get from their sauces and spices.  That's what it's all about.As for the service, it's normal to me.  I'm used to them not smiling and kissing my ass because that's not how it's done in any restaurant I visited throughout Asia or back home.  If you want them to cater to you hand and foot, visit a five star restaurant.  Despite their "attitudes", they serve quickly, clear the table as you eat, and drink refills come quick, too.  Give it a try and order salt & pepper chicken, their shumai, and their sauteed house noodles (beef and mushroom are good).  I hope that you like it as much as I do.
2	Poor service, attitude, however - excellent food (noodle dishes only) - So I'll give them two stars for the fresh noodles which they are known for. But honestly, the service was TERRIBLE and I could have cut the attitude with a knife - from start to finish it was off the hook - hello? I don't come to a restaurant to have 'tude thrown my way on a Sunday brunch just because I have a few questions about the menu. I also don't expect attitude from the front desk folks while I'm waiting to be seated - that's just bunk. Unfortunately, everyone was committed to trying the place out despite the attitude - I would have taken my money elsewhere. This place came highly recommended (I should have considered the source before believing them).
4	This place isn't cheap but it's Vegas and it's inside Caesar's Palace so my thoughts are you get what you pay for. The cool interior with the white cut out patterns and huge gold fish tank is very modern and chic. The food is great with hand made pulled noodles and dim sum. The chef was actually hired from China for the restaurant so it's as authentic as you can get by Vegas standards. As for the service I might have gotten better service being that I speak Cantonese but I'm not sure - either way I never had to ask for my tea to be refilled or anything of sorts since they came around every so often to check up on us.Overall I'm not sure why this place has gotten such bad reviews but it's yelp and everyone is entitled to their own opinions.
3	If you are in Las vegas and you don't want to drive to chinatown to eat, and you have won lots of money and want to pay too much for noodles, you might like this place.  But overall, the hand pulled noodles is just OK.  The noodle itself is good but its what goes with the noodles that is just OK.Though the beef pancakes are good, but thats the only thing I would stop in there to eat.  Everything else I can pass on.
3	If you don't have a car to leave the strip for Chinese food, then I guess this is the place to go to.  Located in Caesar's Palace, my wife and I checked out the menu and decided to give it a try.The decor is great and modern.  But we waited awhile for the food we ordered.  We only ordered 2 dishes.  We ordered salt and pepper chicken and beef chow fun.  Both dishes were great.  This place is expensive though.  And the service was just ok.  So if you have a lot of money to spare for food you can get for half the price off the strip, eat here.
1	Avoid this place because bad and pricy food! We had the worse Shaw-Long-Bau with $3 each ($12 for 4).Pros:- Clean- Nice set up- In the Caesars Palace- Friendly staffsCons:- Bad food (not tasty at all (below average)- Very pricy (about 300% than food in China Town)
1	After they served me the noodles they dipped from the fishtank I threwup in my mouth a little bit. Good thing I had some ass & sour soup to wash down that fish and bile taste. I went out to the Caesers Palace swanky pool and tried to drown myself for paying more than $30 for the two amazingly slimey dishes. Come to this place if you love eating fish crap! CJ out!!
3	Beautiful decor but way too expensive and service was just mediocre.
4	I loved this place.  By far one of my favorite spots in Caesers.  I don't even care that people gave them low reviews.  I went here twice over Memorial weekend and both times i ordered the Beijing Noodles with Eggplant.  DELICIOUS.  It leaves me craving more.  The noodles, the sauce, the eggplant chunks.  I'm actually wondering if i can recreate this dish at home?? Hmm....
3	5 stars for the noodles ( for both Dry & soup) -2 for the other dishes (taste worse than panada)= 3 stars...I will come back for the noodles
1	We were there this past weekend.  When I first tried the Braised beef noodle, it was actually OK.  My wife and I decided to go back for lunch the next day.  I ordered the same noodle - was disappointed because they made such a big deal about my request for egg noodle (which is what I ordered the day before).  They kept asking me who waited on us the day before.  Apparently, they try to discourage the customers from picking which type of noodle they preferred.  The chef disagreed with my choice and they were pushing for the hand-made spring noodle.  I went through 3 servers (who were extremely rude) until they figured out who waited on us the day before.  Naturally, I was upset and basically lost my appetite.  I don't know if they did it on purpose but the soup base tasted like it was watered-down.  No flavor at all as compared to the day before.  I told our server about all the hassle because of my request and she explained that the chef gives them a hard time if they request on behalf of the customer a different noodle.  It turns out, their chefs come directly from Northern China and they do not like it when customers want egg noodle in their soup (which I guess is Cantonese style from the Southern part of China - according to the waitress).  Anyway, long story short - the first few servers were very rude.  They had to get permission from the manager AND the chef if it was OK for me to pick which noodle I wanted for my soup.  To top it off, they were not consistent with the flavor.  Should have gone to Noodles at Bellagio.
4	This place is beautiful...i went with a large group n found the service excellent. The food was delicious...especially the 1000 year old egg...
1	The only thing nice about this place were the gold fish.  I have never been to any Chinese restaurant that charges for handful of rice.
5	After reading the other reviews, I had to write.  Eating at this restaurant was an amazing experience!  We were staying at the Wynn, but actually came back a second day for the noodles!  Our servers were wonderful... Jimmy and Kay.  They definately added to the experience.  They also recommended dishes.  When I asked about some of the dishes, they directed me away from those that they didn't think we'd appreciate.  The hand made noodles were WONDERFUL!!! Was it pricey? Yes a little, but again it's Vegas!  $40 for lunch isn't terrible.
1	food was mediocre, way too pricey, even for vegas.  waiter and waitress was just as bad as they come.... never going again.
1	I could see the warning signs when my friends said they wanted to eat here.  Fancy but somewhat nauseating decor (I can't explain it, but I had problems looking at the ceiling, it has some weird pattern to it). Techno music over the speakers.  Maybe I'm spoiled by living near San Francisco and having easy access to good, cheap Chinese food.  Kung pao chicken was average at best.  The sauce for ma po tofu was kind of unusual underneath the chili and spices.  And $2 for a small bowl of rice per person? Wow.   The one thing I didn't mind about this place were the noodles.  They had a nice texture, but unfortunately the broth was lukewarm.    Overall, not a place I would go to again.  Honestly, Panda Express may have been a better idea.
4	So far my experiences at this restaurant have been very good.  I can understand that the decor is a hit or miss situation.  Those fish I tend to focus more on the food though, and this place did very well in my book.   I love their Shiu-Mai and the Salt & Pepper Fried Chicken.  I have also tried a few of the Noodle dishes, braised beef, soya chicken, roast duck and a few of the fried rice dishes ( regular, beef, seafood).  Mostly good dishes, nothing really as pleasing to my palate as the Shiu-Mai and Fried Chicken that I favor.  Service has been very good mostly.  I still have not had a bad experience with service so far.  Every now and then you get the emotionally closed off server who seems just a little too professional and exhibits little personality, but I find that in most cases a little bit of friendliness on my part goes a long way to fixing that problem.Portions are a little on the small side.  The one thing I can't get over is that charge for a small bowl of steamed rice. /sadface  But if you're not a big rice eater like me then you should have no problem there.
3	The food was good but definitely not worth the price, although we got the meal for free, or authentic. The goldfish tanks in the front attract the many people who walk by but the walls inside seriously hurt your eyes... Bright and abstract. Service was good and food came out at a decent pace.
1	The food just OK, which was surprising since it got rave reviews in the Denver Post.  Should have checked Yelp.  My mistake.Well, the decor was VERY cool, but it went downhill from there.There seemed to be a serious communication problem with the waitress.  She told use the portions were very small and that we need to order more.  So, we ordered the amount she recommended for the four of us.  Well, we got enough food for 6-8 people, which is silly since we were obviously tourists and couldn't take the leftovers with us.Also, I explained that my wife was a vegetarian.  But, we only got one true vegi dish.  Everything else had pork in it, which meant my wife couldn't eat it, which meant there was even more leftover food.  And, those other pork were greasy and just ok.If you're in Caesars Palace, see the cool decor here and then eat somewhere else.
3	I lived in SF for three years, so I'm a bit spoiled in terms of dim sum. Went here for dinner with my family for some dim sum. We ordered one of everything of the dumplings. They didn't seem super fresh (frozen?) and were just ok. The dumplings were a bit on the small side and overpriced for sure. Maybe next time we'll just do regular Americanized Chinese food. Service was fast and friendly - teapot refilled several times, water glasses never empty for long. The decor is trippy, but fun and different. Overall, pricey.... And I don't like it when restaurants have fish tanks and you can see dead fish. I was looking for them, so maybe that's not fair, but still.
3	This place is pretty good for a quick bite if you are craving some noodle soup or sake/beer. Especially if you are staying at Ceasar's, since it's right in the lobby of the casino. The decor is unique, but do not  come here hungover as the bright lights, white decor and double layered 3-d style walls/ceiling will make you dizzy. Not to mention the thousands of goldfish swimming around int he gigantic tanks. The noodles are good, especially with a good amount of the chili sauce to spice it up. The dumplings are ok, nothing to rave about. Again, great for a stop-by if you are staying here, but I wouldn't go out of my way or make reservations or anything. If you can spare the extra time, go find some real good food in the forum shop restaurants instead.
3	It was alright, I can make better noodles for damn sure. Not much to say about this place. It is, what it is. -Atmosphere: Chill, very Modern, its Vegas! -Food: Good, but if you know how to boil water, i think you can do this yourself with help of a few topics from google. - Sanitation: Clean 5 Star - Service: Always good. - Overall: Chill experience, but I wouldn't go there again when i can do it myself.
2	Cool decor (as you would expect in Vegas). I had the beef chow fun and the noodles themselves were good but the dish overall was pretty bland. All of the other food that was put out on tables next to me didn't look too impressive either. Not impressed.
2	So, I was really excited.  Cause Dao Xiao Mian is possibly my favorite food, EVER.  Which is maybe why I was so disappointed.  I just saw the window, with dao xiao mian and dragged my friends in right away.  I was starving too.  I was born in Beijing, and coming from San Francisco which is dominated by sichuan and cantonese style Chinese food, I was really excited to eat northern chinese food again(yes, I know dao xiao mian is not only served in Northern China but that's where I've had the best mian.)The mian was alright, it wasn't great, but the large price tag(only tomatoes and eggs!), and the knowledge of how much it costs in China, just didn't sit well with me.  The dumplings are just average, and they had the premade frozen taste to them.  They taste like what I make and really, that's not good for a restaurant with real chefs.  The Xiao long bao was just average, again though, I'm probably spoiled as I'm used to the crab meat and roe ones from Shanghai's Cheng Huang Miao.To be completely fair though, I was comparing the prices to what I'd get in Beijing, for a little bit of homesickness, it was disappointing nonetheless.Also, fish tanks were kinda weird for me.  Dead fish floating in there....
3	Quick and easy place to eat, our waiter was very helpful. I had duck noodle soup. It was good, but it was a bit oily.
3	Very cool atmosphere; makes you feel like you're incased in ice... almost like where superman lives!  (except with 10,000 pet goldfish!)The three of us ordered Seafood noodles, Salt and pepper shrimp, Braised sea bass, Black pepper sauce mushrooms, and garlic/chinese parsley pork.The shrimp in the noodles and the S&P were very large maybe U15 or so, and cooked properly. The S&P crumbs were delicious as usual. The noodles were fresh, but nothing that special. There are better noodle places around. Sea bass was too sweet, almost tasted like a dessert. The black pepper sauce is tasty on the mushrooms and the pork was tender with a light and refreshing flavor between the chinese parsley and the garlic.Overall the food was good, but overpriced. We ate all the food and we were content and happy, however, Chinese food this expensive needs to knock me out of my seat, but it didn't. Also, rice is 2.09 a bowl, didn't buy any, but that is definitely minus points in my book.
3	My sister and I dined here a while back and had a pretty satisfying meal. We loved the atmosphere with the thousands of goldfish surrounding you. My sister ordered the tomato and egg flower soup, which was okay, not great and we both got the eggplant noodles. These were delicious, the only problem being not nearly enough sauce. We would have asked for more, except for the server being non-existent until we were finished. It was a good place for lunch, the prices were decent for Las Vegas, especially since it was inside Ceasars. I would go again, and just ask for extra sauce before ordering.
4	After reading all of the Yelp reviews for Beijing Noodle No. 9, we were unsure whether we should dine there, but decided to try them out anyway. To our surprise, not only was the food amazing, but the service was superb. These are the dishes we tried:- Hand pulled thin noodle with sliced beef - Har gow, shrimp dumplings - Kung pao shrimp- Braised sea bass in a clay pot - Baked BBQ pork pastry- Jelly fish salad- Vanilla mochi ice cream- Fresh squeezed water melon juiceThe dim sum is all freshly made to order so it requires a bit of extra waiting, but it is well worth it if you are having a leisurely meal. Their freshly made hand-pulled noodles are superb, not too soft and not too chewy. All of the waiters and waitresses provided excellent service throughout our meal, The only thing that may hinder diners is the higher prices, as the restaurant is located in the heart of Caesars Palace, otherwise I would highly recommend this excellent restaurant.
1	The staff rushed us to make an order telling us " Kitchen is closing" - this was at 10:10 pm and the sign says that they are open till 10:30. The waiter brought out each item as it was prepared leaving several persons at the table uncomfortably  eating as others waited for their food. Several item that we ordered did not show up and  when we questioned out waiter we were told that kitchen is closed in a  VERY RUDE manner.  The food ( what we got ) was good but this was one of the worst dining experiences I have ever had....
3	After a very late Saturday night to celebrate my bestie's last night of single life [we got back to our hotel close to 7 AM and woke up at 10 AM], we were craving something greasy, warm, and asian the next day. We were staying at Caesars so we thought this would be a good stop.First off, the restaurant is decorated with fish tanks with goldfish everywhere. It was cool at first but then it started getting trippy and then started making me nauseous and dizzy (not good for those who are hungover).We told our waiter that we had a flight to catch so we had to make it snappy. There were 6 of us so we ordered a handful of dishes to share:+chicken soup+mapo tofu+beef with broccoli+kung pao chicken+seafood noodlesRice was extra so we had to order a few bowls of white rice. The dishes were nothing fancy, nothing special. The portions were not as big as a lot asian restaurants and were priced a little higher but nothing too surprising... its Las Vegas in the Caesars Palace.
2	Fresh noodles - YUM. Everything else - Egh.Meat was dry in every dish I had - probably pre-cooked.I liked the noodles so much that came back to give them another chance.  Same bad, dry chicken. Some people mentioned the eggplant - maybe that is better than their carnivorous dishes.Decor is interesting and different, but really messes with your eyes after awhile. (need to see some photos to know what I mean)Service was slow and impersonal.
4	I'm between a 3.5 to 4 stars for Beijing Noodle. The homemade noodles were delicious. I had the one with eggplant. I'm sure any of the noodle dishes would be good and it's fun to watch them make from scratch. A surprisingly great dish was the tofu with scallions. I didn't think it would be anything special but it was delicious. They put sesame oil in it. So tasty. The shrimp dumplings were just ok, wouldn't order them again. Decor is really cool and modern but not what I expected with a Chinese restaurant. It threw me off a little. It is expensive for what you get - you can get more authentic homemade noodles for way cheaper off the strip.I would definitely go back.
1	Gross. Overpriced and underwhelming. Noodles were worse than top Ramon. There way too many restaurants in las Vegas for you to choose this place.
3	Wow Wow Wow...what a simplistic spectacle!  This pure white restaurant greets you with girls in orange dresses and tanks of large orange goldfish.  The contrast of these colors is magnificent and definitely something you don't get to see everyday.  Very cool. The food on the other hand....eh...kinda standard.  The chef stationed right in front of the restaurant is pulling noodles for all to see like he was some sort of zoo animal.  Hand pulled noodles are all the rage right now so you just have to let it be.  Given that, we ordered Noodles with Thin Sliced Beef and a Singapore Noodle dish with Curry.  Both dishes eatable and decent...neither dish worth going back for.  Prices were too high but since this is Las Vegas, anything goes I suppose (yes that rhymed.)  Advice....stop by and see this place...but don't eat here unless you are starving and willing to overpay.
2	Definitely nothing compared to San Gabriel Valley quality in taste, but the decor and presentation is definitely worth visiting for.  The display of noodle chefs handmaking the noodles is definitely fun to watch.  The downside is the flavor of the dishes.  A little too bland for my pallet, and I usually like things on the last salty side too!I'd think twice before coming here to eat, but definitely walk buy for the awesome decor and large tanks of goldfishes.
3	Saw the sign of a man pulling noodles at the LAS Airport and was sold! Little did I know you have to come to this place with some focus.The +'s:+ Noodles did taste extra chewy which is the way I like it. Al dente. It's their forte and I enjoyed my small order (feeds 2 girls easily) to share. Friends ordered the dao xiao (handcut) noodles with egg and tomato--I liked that the best.+ Jimmy our waiter was cordial and funny. He helped the lost ones at our table to make their decisions.  His recommendations satisfied us.+ Service is quick. We ordered, ate, paid and left all at a reasonable pace.+ Decor is fanciful. Think modern white but lots of curly Qs and glass tanks of goldfish swirling everywhere around you. It's dizzying but fantastical!The -'s:- Forget the dimsum or sides. The prices first of all are ridiculous.- Again a minus is that the prices were high in general!- The decor can work against you if you're prone to vertigo. Dramamine maybe should be an appetizer.Overall I'd come back if I were just dying for noodles and to catch the guy making the noodles. I wouldn't go outta my way for the place though.
2	"Meh" pretty much says it all. And not even a cheap "meh" at that. Kinda cool atmosphere, high prices, unexceptional food and passable service. Why bother?
2	Quite disappointed in this place.  Quite.We read that this restaurant was one of the 50 Essential Restaurants to eat at in Las Vegas, so we checked it out for lunch today.  After our experience, I'm not sure why it made the book.They do have a nice decor going on.  The fish tanks and swirly, all-encompassing walls/ceiling are pretty cool.  You also get to see them making the noodles, which was fascinating.But I didn't go there to look at the place, I went there to eat.  At first glance of the menu, I was blown away by the prices.  Super duper expensive for noodles.  We settled on a large order of noodles with pork and mushrooms (which cost $26).  When the bowl came, we were dismayed to see there were only 2 pieces of pork in the entire dish, both about the size of a domino.  The noodles were literally about 2 feet long and almost impossible to get out of the bowl and eat.  I will say that the dish was tasty, but spending almost $30 to get a bowl of ridiculously hard to eat noodles and 2 pieces of meat was infuriating.  I will not be returning.
3	All the people who left the place disappointed, honestly what do you expect from a noodle restaurant inside a hotel on the Strip? You're obviously in for some overpriced, bland noodles. Not the SGV cheap/ goodness. Going in with this mindset, I was actually surprised to find the food pretty decent. At least you know the noodes are handmade. The servings were definitely small though.What gives this place its wow factor is the deco. The huge fish tanks that take up the length of the entire restaurant filled with swarming goldfishes as well as walls and ceilings carved out in a pattern reminiscent of the activity inside these tanks made for quite a spectacle. That's what this whole place is about - the show, fitting for Vegas dontcha think? The waiter was super nice and serviceable. When I asked him to take a picture of us he kept on directing us where to stand and how to pose and clearly was having fun doing it. Loved that. In the end, got a pretty cool picture of us standing behind the aquarium with fishes all around.
1	My husband and I ate here dec 18 2010. And we ordered chow fun and some kind of noodle soup. Chow fun was $16 and the soup was $18. The service was bad. Not very friendly servers and also the manager staring on us while we were eating. I don't know why he was doing that. Anyway my husband said it was a waste of money paying $45 worth of food we paid. The food was not really good. And will not eat here again. We do not recommend this restaurant at all.
3	Briefly, the food quality is definitely very good. The shredded duck with rice noodles and soup dumplings we had rivaled any Chinese restaurant here in Las Vegas. BUT, the prices at this establishment are far and away some of the most ridonkulous you'll pay for food that is usually very reasonably priced for the amount of deliciousness you get.
3	Why a 3 you ask? Well the food is really quite good as long as you don't go to Panda Express or PF Changs' expecting authentic home-cooked Chinese food. The noodles here are fresh and you can see them making the noodles by hand in the front window all day long. As you would expect in a place like this... the noodle dishes come out lightening quick and the food is above average. The downside is the high (even for vegas standards) prices. What more would you expect for a restaurant situated in Caesars (smack dab in the middle of the strip). The decorations and ambiance is quite different than most Chinese places as it is quite bright and feels spacious. So when you are rolling big in Vegas... or a getting comped... or really in the mood for some authentic Chinese food... make your way into Beijing Noodle No. 9!
3	Attentive service, but the food isn't that great. The noodles were good though so if you go here get those. The springrolls were average and the dumplings were a little above average.  Much better restaurants within Caesars Palace.
2	Yes, you got a cool goldfish tank display. Too bad your food isn't as interesting or fresh as those fishes.Sub-par Chinese food. I know I could get better from my local holes in the wall. The wait and service was kinda redonk. There were so many open tables and yet...we had a 20 minute wait? Huh??? Turnover folks! My super impatient, Chinese parents muttering under their not so thinly veiled irritation said it all:  "These people don't know what they're doing. It'll be faster if I went back there, made my own noodles and cooked it myself. If I were running this place...." Of course everywhere else nearby had too long a wait too so we waited. And then we ate. And it was unexciting. Noodles were nothing to phone home about. Veggies were kinda fibrously (i.e. not fresh). Fried dumplings were doughy. The chicken rice was bone, skin and rice. I do appreciate a little chicken meat now and again.Lesson of the day: take a picture with the giant overpopulated fishtank and call it a day.
3	Cool atmosphere: big fish tanks, modern decorFood: just had a noodle soup, good, albeit pricey for $15Service: not great, long wait to get served, refills, etc.
3	This place was OK.  I was enticed by hand-pulled noodles.  In fact, walking by, you will usually see someone actually cutting and pulling noodles and a small crowd forming to observe.  Once you order, they take the fresh noodles and cook then for you.  But here's the downside: the price!  Because they are located in Caesar's Palace, this place is incredibly expensive.  On my own I probably wouldn't have eaten here, (thank you work for my meal per diem.)  The noodles were ok and the dish I ordered came with some beef (which was rubbery and bland) in some broth.  The noodles themselves ended up being kind of bland, since the overall dish didn't have much flavor.  I also ordered some pork buns which were really good.  They took a while to come out because they are steamed fresh when you order them.  I'll say though for hand pulled noodles, you can probably do better off the strip in Vegas in a hole-in-the-wall type of place.  But if you've got some extra cash and looking to try something  different, check out this place.  Their goldfish tank is way cool - but note the signs that say the fish aren't for human consumption.
4	It seems like this place gets a bad rap, and perhaps it is for the right reasons, but I can only speak to an amazing noodle bowl I had while I was there.  It had some sort of round noodle, egg and tomato, with some light herbs and spices and a light sauce.  I was amazing.  If this place has take out I might go back there just for another bowl of that amazingness.  It's kinda tucked away in Caesar's, and the prices are a little high for what you get.  The service was rather slow and not very courteous.  I'll have to hit up this place again for a follow-up review.
5	Oooo, lawd! I don't know what the hell all these people giving negative reviews are talking about. The prices are too high! Wait, really? You mean, this restaurant in Caesar's Palace that handmakes noodles is NOT CHEAP? Get over it. It's not pricey, either, Homeslice. I found the portions to be exactly what is expected for the amount paid. Especially considering the super cool fish tanks and decor. Oh, and that whole handmade noodle thing. I had a noodle soup with sliced beef that was just wonderful, all-around. The taste was surprisingly perfect...I don't normally get that in noodles. But, the broth had a distinct seasoning that I really enjoyed. I also had a pot of hot jasmine floral tea that went nicely with the rest of the meal.I would disregard the Yelpers before (no offense...). Had I not, I would've missed out on one of the better meals I had in Vegas.
4	Damn, don't be hatin' on No. 9.Yes, YES its expensive.... its in CEASAR'S PALACE.  Have you ever been to some place in a CASINO themed as a PALACE and gotten anything cheap?  Hell, a room service box of cereal would be at least 8 bucks.The decor is spectacularly cool, with suspended pattern carved curved ceilings and rows and rows of goldfish tanks.  A guy in the kitchen is hand-stretching the noodles and the noodle dishes are authentic.  I enjoyed myself thoroughly and the cold hand stretched noodles in szechuan sauce were extremely delicious.The service was a bit slow, but don't be hatin'.
4	Ive eaten at hundreds of Chinese restaurants in my life but I've never seen a place that made their own noddles...until now.  The sight of a smiling chef expertly massaging the dough and then twisting and braiding it into long, rich noodles was something that I had to try.  Not to mention the funky Clockwork Orange meets James Bond interior and Beijing Noodle #9 made an excellent first impression on me.  Once my party was seated an investigation into the menu showed some tried and true favorites along with some more authentic style Chinese dishes that you wont find at your local Chinese joint.  But coming to this place and not getting the noodles would be a sin....Chairman Mao himself would roll in his grave.   So we went safe and got a plate of Chow Mein noodles with Chicken and supplemented it with Kung Pao Shrimp, Salt & Pepper Chicken and Yangzhou Fried Rice.  If the other three dishes were Mercedes Benz's, the Chow Mein noodles were a Rolls Royce.  They were incredible.  Al dente and full of flavor, you know immediately you didnt just put Panda Express in your mouth.   The Kung Pao shrimp had 8-10 huge shrimps in rich sauce with nice spice that wasn't overwhelming.  The salt & pepper chicken was phenomenal with a very light & subtle breading that captured the simpleness of the seasoning.  The fried rice was good but in reality one can't really reinvent the wheel and fried rice tends to fried rice.  A nice touch however is that the rice was blended with vermicelli that gave it a unique consistency.  Overall, the food was excellent and a big step up from run of the mill chinese places.  The fresh, handmade noodles are otherworldly and might be worth the trip alone.  Service is inconsistent but friendly and prices are reasonable, especially given that its in a luxury property on the strip.  I felt like Marco Polo discovering what a noodle was for the very first time....
1	Well, I randomly came across this Noodle shop as I was wondering around into the Caesar's Palace, which is like a rat maze that is designed to never let you out. I was told that Caesar's Palace has one of the big cocktail drinks that everyone seemed to be carrying around in the street and there I got stuck in search of the damn drink. I started to get hungry and came across a bright white restaurant with ridiculous gold fish tanks. I was told that they hand roll their noodles and make their dumplings, so I convinced our party to stop by for lunch. Oof. Big mistake! We ordered the Beijing noodles, seafood noodle soup, Shanghai dumplings, and kungpao shrimp. All of them were complete misses. I am not sure if it was just us, but we completely failed on all our dishes. It might have been just a coincidence, but I think not. I think this place just sucks. It is overpriced for such a noodle shop and I have been lured in by the damn fish tanks. Damn it! And for those reviewers who gave 5 stars, what the hell did you eat? And what have you eaten all your life? Dog food?
2	Let me start with the decor - It is modern. It is attractive. It is bright inside. It is goldfishy. Some of the fishes are upside down (they look dead, really!) but still breathing. Umm, is it just me that think that is cruel?Mr. Chang our server and waiter was great. He was welcoming and attentive. He was not too pushy and definitely had a sense of humor. The food is alright. Not the best, but not the worst. Come here on an empty stomach or drunk and the food will be delicious. I can't remember all the dishes we ordered, but I left satisfied nonetheless.The chow mien noodle dishes and fried rice are decent, not bland and not oily like other Chinese restaurants in Vegas. The Ma Po Tofu and Kung Pao Chicken dish are good with just the right amount of spices. The Sauteed Seasoned Vegetable are also good, not oily at all. The Sweet and Sour Pork Ribs are ok, not dry and easy to chew. For a party of 12 we ate family style and each paid $20. We didn't order a lot, so expect to pay more to be full if your eating family style.
4	Q&D: Some of the best Chinese I've had in AGES!  Great atmosphere too.Long & Fishy:  I'd be surprised if you could walk by this place in Caesars and not notice the huge fish tanks filled with hundreds of goldfish, it's unreal.  People stop just to take pictures of the tanks.We came in to grab some dinner and I have to say I honestly wasn't expecting much based on the yelps I read.  My experience was nothing like everyone else.  Our server was nice and friendly, the menu was big, the atmosphere was ultra cool, and the food rocked.The one downside was that the food did take a few minutes longer than I expected, but when it did finally come, boy was it worth the wait!Would I go here again?  If I ever stay at Caesars again, sure.Should you go here?  Yes, it's pretty darn good Chinese.,Sam
2	Not good at all!!!!  It's beautiful, but don't be fooled by that.  Nothing was that good there, it was edible, but nothing great.
2	Food was good, service was dicey.  The waiters would congregate behind a service counter to debate. You had to get their attention by staring at them or making some sort of hand sweep. Probably won't go back.
1	I was hoping that this place would surprise me as it is the only location I have seen in Vegas that pulls their own noodles.  Coming from souther CA and growing up with Noodle House in Rowland Heights that pulled their own noodles too I was expecting a lot more than what we got.  The first tip that we should have left and not eaten there was the lack of big table for huge parties.  There were two on opposite ends of the restaurant that would seat 10 people at each table.  The decor was ultra modern that came out of a magazine but that didn't help the food. We ordered two dishes as we were eat an early dinner.  We had the pork and shrimp won tons with pulled noodles and the general tsao's chicken.  My biggest complaint was the food was BLAND!!!!  The broth that was with the noodles had no flavor.The chicken was bland as well.  Though I was hoping it would be more like a pepper sauce the dish was more of a peking style but was not sweet like I'm used to.  Overall I would not come back it was 45 for two dishes and water.
1	MUST HAVE: One of the gold fishes in the tanks because there are way to many in them for it not to be cruel!!!! honestly if you gave this place more than 2 stars you need to get yourself down to chinatown on spring mountain and valley view and get yourself some WONTON NOODLES @ sam woo there because mannnnn are you missing out!!!! first off i understand the inflated prices but $16.50 (yes, SIXTEEN FIFTY) for what taste like water with the essence of chicken broth and noodles (which ok are decent). honestly this place is ridiculous!!! the design of the place is cool, but the food is what you are sitting down and paying for is not even close to being worth it, save yourself $16.50 and get a box of SHIN RAMEN.
4	A hand pulled Chinese noodle shop in a Las Vegas hotel?  Gotta be a fake, right?  Wrong - this is actually pretty authentic stuff.We tried a few of their noodle dishes - all thick round wheat noodles.  In the beef broth, as well as panfried, and with the eggplant sauce.  I have to say the dishes are solid.Good selection and good price range, although the noodle dishes are VERY LIGHT on the protein quotient.  So if you order the beef broth noodles, do not expect anything more than 1 serving of beef.  Well, the noodles should fill you up though.Wait staff is ok, but the hostess is SNOTTY.  One of those pretty skinny dolled up Asian girls with enormous attitude.  Your basic nightmare.  Go for the food (if you're stuck on the strip), oogle the goldfish, and ignore the hostess.  That's my recommendation.
4	Every once in awhile I'm disappointed in my fellow yelpers.  This is one of those cases.  How can you give this place fewer than 3 stars?Beijing Noodle is a good restaurant with very good (but overpriced) chinese food.  I ate there three times while in Vegas on busienss and not once did I have a bad experience.  Singapore noodles with curry was the perfect mix of curry, vegetables, and sweetness.  Just like I got in Singapore. Though they should say it has shrimp in it on the menu - so folks with allergies like me don't need to send it back.Next visit I had the beef wontons with handpulled noodles.  Very flavorful broth, tasty wontons, and chewy fresh tasting noodles.  Great dish!Last visit I just had to order the beijing beef pancake.  I mean, on name alone!  But they were aweseome - remind me of "chicken in foil" I used to get back home in Brooklyn chinese restaruants.  Also had the beef in chili oil which was just like your classic spicy szechuan dish and the chicken in clay pot which reminded me of a fried version philipino chicken adobo.The decor is a bit off for me - I'm not a huge fan of the ultra modern look.  Pretty funny thought that they have to put a sign on the goldfish tank that says "Not for human consumption."  I'd love to hear the genesis of that sign!
2	Far too expensive for the quality.  Yes, the fact that they are in Caesar's contributes to the prices, but the quality doesn't back the prices up.
4	Well from other reviews it seems you either love or hate this place.  my friends and I loved it.  the pepper crab was one of the most delicious things ever.  yes its expensive, but so is everything else in this neck of the woods, so suck it up.  make up for it in free drinks at the tables, that's what we always do!
1	This place is barely any stars, the noodles are so bad. I can see them closing down soon if they don't change their menu. Several couples got up and walked out. I had the hand pulled noodles before and this is the worse. Don't waste your time and money here.
2	We couldn't wait to eat here.  The place looks amazing, clean and bright.  You watch them make the noodles, but the service and food?  Meh, much much better.First, they charge you $5 for rice--give me a break.  stinky little dishes and no rice?  Then, the waitress was so scattered and kooky.  Some of the dishes were really good, General Tso, but the veggie plate was strange, tasteless and so expensive.  Avoid this place there is much better in the hotel and around the strip--that include rice.
2	First let me start off by saying that the people here are SUPER nice, super attentive service, and very helpful in suggesting something for me to try that's new.  If you order water, you'll find they give you a tiny glass, but no worries- you'll never see the bottom of your glass.  Someone will always come by to make sure it's full no matter how thirsty you are.  That alone is kind of entertaining to see!  But my review is for the food and it is not that great, I've given this place two shots and both times they have disappointed me.  The tastes here are very bland and boring.  It's too expensive to try it again for a third time regardless that I come to Caesars a lot for their spa and shopping.  On a more positive note, the goldfish are really cool.  There's something about watching fish swim that's relaxing. :-)  It's silly but the fish are the only reason I came back to give this place a second try, atmosphere is important, the taste of the food is more important.  Blah.
1	I think this restaurant lured the customers for their fish tank. I would not recommend this place even if you are hungry.I ordered seafood noodle soup, it was lukewarm, 3 shrimps in a bowl and  tasteless. It was very disappointing.
1	The portions are small, taste was average, and the price was expensive. Tasted better in downtown for way less the cost. 4 people cost over $150 and we left hungry!
5	I have eaten here more times than I can count. And with each experience I leave loving something new. Before moving to Nevada it was always the first place we would go when visiting. And now it is the first place we take visitors when they are passing through.My favorites: Either the hand pulled noodles or the Knife cut ones. They are both amazing and different in their own right. I love the eggplant sauce and the pork & mushroom sauce. On this last visit the server (Tommy) (AMAZING) offered a sampling of all sauces and those two continued to be my favorites.My husband always orders the shrimp dumplings and the pork dumplings. And I love the bbq pork buns. All three cooked to perfection each time. Another favorite is the beef fried rice. Very delicate flavors all popping in your mouth. The soup dumplings are a must, but be warned, they are difficult to eat at first try! Drink wise it is always the lychee martini. And/or the iced coffee. Depending on who's driving! This last trip we tried the mochi. Loved them! My favorite flavors were red bean, mango and chocolate. And I always save room for an almond cookie. I think the flaky buttery cookie is the best way to end a fabulous night of food.
4	I'd have to agree with those who have said that Beijing is great, but overpriced Chinese food. I really like that the food tastes fresh and is not loaded with oil or sauce. I did think it was a bit overpriced, but that seems to be the norm for Vegas. The decor is beautiful and it's really fun to eat in such a unique environment. My only complaint would be that the service was not at all impressive. We had to wait to be seated when there were only 2 other customers and none of our servers (yes, there were multiple), nor the hostess went out of their way to be friendly. But the food was yummy and I'd visit again.
1	When you walk by this place in Caesars, you are automatically intrigued by the bright lighting, modern decor, fish tanks, and live demonstration of handmade noodles, but looks are deceiving when it comes to Noodle No. 9. Where to start...Service was horrible and slow. There are slight communication barriers as well, which do not help the experience. Waitresses were running around aimlessly like a chicken with its head cut off, so I suggest having all orders ready when attended to because who knows when you will be again. Although you may be even ready with your order because it takes them forever to get to you in the first place. Don't expect much from the food too. Noodle soups and dishes were amazingly bland and tasteless. Food came in reasonable large portions, but when you factor in the taste, you pay too high a price for below average Chinese food. I did enjoy my shui mai appetizer, whether they were freshly made or not, they were pretty good... and huge too, it was shui mai on steroids!They also have a good selection of teas. We got the Thai iced tea, and although it is known for its sweetness, this tea was over the top way too sweet. We also ordered one of the Jasmine iced teas with boba. Their iced teas are refreshingly sweet, a cup of that to go while you are walking in the 100 degree desert weather isn't such a bad idea. Overall, try this place at your own risk, but you have been forewarned and have a high chance of walking out disappointed.
1	For the love of God, if you see this place....run.My girlfriend and I were unfortunate victims of this restaurant.  Having just flown into Vegas from New York that morning, maybe we were jetlagged.  Maybe the brightly lighted fish tanks allured us.   But alas, the fates took us here and it ruined our entire evening.We were walking around Caesar's Palace and saw advertisements.  "A noodle bar?"  It sounded quirky and interesting enough, an honestly delightful complement to all the other restaurant reservations we had made for the rest of our trip.  So we strolled in, after quickly reading a few Yelp reviews.  They weren't positive.We had figured that perhaps some people were too harsh, and the reviews were mixed.  Well, I should have figured something was up when the person with the most check-ins for this restaurant was our hostess.   And it began.Taking a seat, I couldn't help notice that as opposed to the normal restaurant attire of Vegas, most of the other patrons were wearing t-shirts, shorts, and swim trunks.  At 7 pm at night.  I shrugged it off, and looked towards my girlfriend who was trying to piece together the atmosphere as it was her first time in Vegas.  We trucked on and ordered.The food arrived 5 minutes later.  Never a good sign, I've learned.  The pork buns themselves were okay..but horribly overpriced.  Our noodle dish however, left us in such disbelief that we called over the waiter. As opposed to its 22 dollar price tag, we had gotten lo-mein made with spaghetti.  In sheer disbelief, we called over the waiter as we had felt like we were massively gutted.   We had gotten a noodle dish so terrible, I would have gladly preferred to go to the local mall, and gotten food court lo mein.  Because we're troopers, we finished the meal and reached for our check.  Still hungry, we noticed that the price tag of the meal was 50 dollars.   For a small dish of what was lo mein, badly cooked chicken, and pork buns that practically defined mediocre.It may have ruined our evening, but don't let it ruin yours.  Please avoid this place, and find any other establishment.  ANY OTHER PLACE.  This is a waste of your time, money, and honestly, is a blackmark on a pretty great hotel.   But hey, at least they have pretty fish.
4	The noodles are hand made right in the front of the restaurant and they have any dish using noodles you can think of. The food was very good and the staff was polite and professional.
1	Two words...  Tourist trap!   high price and food is mediocre.  Snap a pic of the gold fishes and move on.  :(
3	My fellow yelpers, I present to you a brief review in Engrish.Prusses:"Cool" decor. Good for you sake. Put in your mouth General Tso's.Not-prusses:Expensive. Loud for the inside. Service = not good.
2	Why oh why didn't I check the yelp reviews first?  Oh that's right, because I didn't dare risk using anything wireless during hacker conferences.  I hope you don't either.But I digress.  Definitely watch the flashy handmade noodle show, both stretched and sliced off of a big brick of dough.  They looked appealing but tasted super bland, no matter what sauce or soup they put it in (we tried the beijing pork and black bean sauce specialty and the wonton noodle soup.)  I also got the taro boba (tapioca drink) and it had huge chunks of ice and was more vanilla tasting than taro.I'm not hating on this place because it's "Americanized," I couldn't care less if it's not what people in Beijing eat.  All I care about is it TASTING GOOD.  Bleh.
3	So, as soon as we sat down, the guys next to us told us to run while we still can, and that the food was like Panda Express, only more expensive.But, we stayed because we had always wanted to try it out. Actually, my boyfriend wanted to try it out, because he loves noodles. I just was super hungry from the drive to Vegas.Anyways, he ordered the seafood noodle with hand stretched noodles, and I had the pork belly and mushroom sauce with hand stretched noodles. Both dishes were really good, although my sauce was a little bit too salty for me. Easily fixed with a little bit of broth from my boyfriend's dish. I loved eating the noodles overall.I'm not sure if it's just me though, but I feel like if you are Asian you get better service. There was a white couple sitting next to us who ordered at the same time and was actually there before us. They ordered similar dishes, but for some reason ours came out faster, our water was always filled, and I dunno... our service was just a little bit better. This was the most expensive Chinese food I had to date. I'm not sure how I feel about that yet, but at least I don't feel much regret. I just know that I probably won't eat here again anytime soon because I want to try a less salty and less expensive noodle place. Maybe I have eaten at too many noodle places in my life, because this place is just okay to me. I don't feel like the price justified the food. You're really paying for the privilege of eating inside Caesar's Palace.
2	I tried this place when I went to Las Vegas this summer. Me and my sister were craving for Chinese food so we found this place through online search. The expensive price didn't suprise me, but the food was really disgusting. We tried the hand stretched noodle and the noodle soup was cold and tasteless.  2 stars for the service.
2	Mehhhhh....My dad wanted to come here because he saw the hand pulled noodles.  I must say I was excited initially because I feel like hand pulled noodles are kind of being forgotten and seldom used by restaurants.I really like the modern feel of it.  Probably the only reason why I gave it two stars.  The huge tanks of fish were cool, but they looked a little dirty inside, hope the fish weren't dying...and I liked the way the walls looked as well.My parents both got the seafood noodle soup with hand pulled noodles.  I got the Zha Jiang Mein noodles with hand pulled noodles as well.  So I'll start with the semi positive, the broth was nice, clean, tasty.  Oh and the vegetables in my noodles were tasty too.  Now the bad, the huge shrimps and scallops were nice to see, but they were overcooked, a bit rubbery.  I mean they weren't super overcooked, but a bit over.  And paying what, like $16 bucks for it, the seafood better be cooked well, dang it! The Zha Jiang Mein noodles were SUPER SALTY, gah, I could barely eat it so I took a bit of the seafood broth in the noodles. Ahh, much better.It is WAY too expensive, WAY too expensive, but then again, it is Vegas.  But I just feel like Asian food should between $5-15  ($15 is on the expensive side and I'm NOT talking about Panda Express) Sighh...I was just disappointed, verryy disappointed.I don't recommend you come here, don't LET the hand pulled noodles DRAW you in, IT'S A TRAP!
4	It's unfortunate that restaurants have a Las Vegas surcharge, and this place is no exception.  Despite the slightly creepy fish tanks lining the entry to the restaurant, my partner and I decided to try out Beijing Noodle No. 9 if for no other reason that we didn't have to wait for a table.We started off with the scallion pancake, which was very good but definitely not worth $9.  Next, we ate the hand pulled noodles with tomato and egg, and the sizzling tofu with black bean sauce.  My partner just returned from Beijing a week earlier, and I almost fell out of my chair when he said he ate the same tomato, egg, and noodle dish every week for only $1.  At Beijing Noodle No. 9, it was $12.  The sizzling tofu was wonderful, and the sauce was so good, I ate it up with a spoon.  Yeah, I'm not ashamed to admit that.  You'd do it too if cost you $18.     All in all, the food was pretty good, but like anything in Vegas, it was overpriced.
2	I was very disappointed with my meal here. It is WAY overpriced, even by Vegas standards.I had the Black Pepper chicken. It was like Beef and Broccoli, but with asparagus instead of the broc. Very bland and flavorless. Had to heap on the chili sauce to enhance the flavor. Others in my group had the mushroom & poor noodle dish. The noodles were very good, but the mushroom sauce was just mediocre. Another dish we shared was the fried eggplant sauce. These were limp and soaked in oil. The flavor was fine, but there just wasnt much going on with this dish.We had 3 iced teas at a whopping $5 each!!! As well as a side (1 cup) of steamed rice ($3). The final bill was $80. Ouch. I wasn't even full. We used a $50 food voucher and and I STILL felt like I overpaid. I would rather eat Panda Express and I don't even like that place.If you are in Caesar's, come here and watch the chefs make fresh noodles and check out the decor. It's a super unique finish. But then keep moving...Vegas has too many great options to bother with this spot.
3	The food is good however the price is ridiculous.  When the bill came I nearly fell out of my seat.  Will come back when I hit the jackpot.Pork and mushroom sauce with noodle is good.  So was the wonton noodle soup.Very unique setup.
2	We ate here during restsurant week and had the four course meal for $50.11.  A portion of the procedes went to Three Square a vegas food bank.   This was the only saving grace, knowing we were doing some good.  The meal started with seafood soup, which was nothing special.  Next was cantonese style roast duck.  Not sure what cut of the bird this was, but it was mostly bone with a little meat.  It was served with cold marinated bamboo shoots.  These were interesting because i have never had them before, but again, nothing special.  The main course was scallops and asparagus.  I think the sauce was just oyster sauce, very salty and a little greasy, but the scallops were nicely cooked.  For dessert i had mango and pumalo in a mango custard.  This was pretty good.  Overall, the whole meal was just ok.  I have had way better meals for this price during restaurant week in the past.  Not sure how a mediocre chinese restaurant can stay in buisness in a city like Vegas with all the exceptional restaurant options.  Would not recomend.  Oh yeah, i should mention that i didn't choose the restaurant, we were with a group.  I wouldn't have chosen to come here in the first place, because why eat chinese food when you could have thai!?
2	expensive for a noodle shop... sure, given that its on the strip (and duh - its in Caesar's) but you can experience better noodles at a hole-in-the-wall pho place.also, the servers are not very friendly.
1	First you are lured in by the attraction of the fish tank.  It's all very deceiving, Chinese servers and it's of course, over-priced, so you think to yourself, perhaps I'll go ahead and treat myself to this restaurant transplant from Shanghai.You are mistaken.  Turn around and find  better food at a better price at a dive somewhere off the strip.The Xiao Long Bao's skin was tough and the shrimp noodle soup was tasteless and had three small shrimp.
4	I am glad I didn't read reviews on yelp (I hear the bump up and down restaurants depending on ads).I have to say that the restaurant in fact is expensive, but nothing completely ridiculous as my husband and I have eaten in restaurants in Santa Barbara with less food and less taste.I am a pescetarian, so I ordered the sweet and sour fish, the fish filet with black been sauce and the white egg and shrimp fried rice, tea, and white rice (about $90)... needles to say, it was very good, and the fish was very fresh. So, my mom and I came back a second time for lunch.My mom had the soup, same white eggs and shrimp fried rice and I had the Thai style noodle sea food (which is suppose to be just seafood and curry sauce)... when they brought the noodle it had pork! But they were nice to give us a plate without pork... it took a while, so we ended up taking it to go.I am sure you can find great Chinese food for less with equal amount of taste, but it was convenient for us as we were staying at Caesar's Palace.
2	The food failed to live up to the promise of hand-made noodles.The two noodle dishes I tried here were very light on the meat and vegetables, the flavors completely uninspired, and despite being hand-made, the noodles tasted completely ordinary.  It could have been $3 delivery Chinese food.Watch them make the noodles through the window (which is pretty amazing), but don't bother eating here.
2	There was no line and no wait here on a Saturday evening. After dining here, I know why. The wait staff was not too friendly. We were seated quickly but received our first trickle of ice water about 10 minutes later. Our cucumber salad with garlic had enough garlic to season a month's worth of salad. Yikes! Hand-stretched noodles seemed a good choice for the Shanghai Pork/Veggie Mein but it was soo salty with an almost burnt bean taste. We also ordered the vegetable spring rolls and they were fried on the outside but mealy and un-done on the inside. Ick.  If it were up to me, I'd tell you to skip it and find something better.
3	The interior is stunning, but the prices are exorbitant for average Chinese food.  If you can't make it to Chinatown, then this place will suffice.
3	This review is for the Dim Sum portion of the menu.  Although the noodles are their signature, as evidenced by the name, I never tired them.  I was much more interested in the Dim Sum. Beijing Noodle doesn't have the cart service that makes Dim Sum more of an experience than a meal, but I was happy enough to just order my favorite dishes.  It is Vegas priced (expensive), and slow (because they are making the dishes to order) so minus a star there.The scallion pancake was crispy and hot with lots of scallion flavor.I love anything with the pink, sweet, bbq pork filling - the steamed buns and the flaky baked pastry were both good.They offer steamed or pan fried dumplings with various fillings. Just be careful that they are giving you what you ordered - the servers kept giving my dumplings to the table next to me and vice versa (minus a star for that).  The steamed dumpling were kind of soggy, but the pan fried were quite good.Make sure to take some time to watch the noodles being made by hand at the little window in the front of the shop - it's quite a show.I also loved that they had Thai iced tea and coffee - brewed strong and mixed with sweetened condensed milk - one of my favorite drinks ever since those late nights out in college. And I loved the eye-catching design of the place, with its stark white patterned walls, and huge fishtanks - really different, and really cool.
2	Great looking decor, but bland food and wait staff that is unhelpful. Ordered beef brisket with tendon soup, handmade noodles. As expected the tendons were hunks of tough fat...nasty (guy with me recommended it!).  Noodles were ok. Not horrible, but we could have done better.
3	The decor and atmosphere of this place is awesome and that's what initially attracted me to in while staying in Caesar's. Cool fish tank, nice decor. Everyone is dressed in all white and the entire restaurant is decorated in white. I tried a beef and noodle dish which was just okay, lacking any real flavor. I was really hoping for more and since it's Vegas it was pricey. I think my bill was somewhere about $35 for my meal and a beer.
1	When reminiscing upon my experience at Beijing Noodle No. 9, one of my standard catchphrases comes to mind - UGH.  My friends had chosen it based on convenience, since we were staying in the hotel and were already in need of a nap.  My foodie alarm definitely sounded at this appalling selection. The service here was very straightforward and certainly not accompanied by a smile.  The food was pretty terrible as well, with most items doused in salt.  The Sweet Red Bean Buns were perfectly moist and stuffed with the dessert-like paste.  This was the sole highlight of the meal.  The Hand-Pulled Noodles were mediocre at best and rather mushy, in actuality.  The Diced Eggplant Sauce that covered the noodles was so salty that no amount of water managed to rehydrate us.  The Seafood and Egg White Fried Rice was unmemorable and similarly salty.  The main feature that this dining establishment has going for it is the futuristic, white decor that makes you feel as if you are in a spaceship.  The beautiful fish tank also enhances the atmosphere.  However, with so many great restaurants in town, Beijing Noodle No. 9 is not worth your time...or even this rhyme!
4	I am confused by some of the reviews. I can only assume it's a matter of taste!For us the food was fresh and delicious.The decor was stunning and the service excellent.Fried pork dumplings were not your average pot stickers and the pea leaves were fresh and delicious.My wife is Chinese and very fussy she gives it 4 stars too it must be good.
1	Wow.Wish I had checked Yelp before eating here.The place is kinda neat looking - bunch of little goldfish, some of which swim upside down (for fun??)Food is terrible.  Don't be fooled by the cheong-sam dressed Asians they have at the front.  Actually, that should have been a warning sign.  It being a "Chinese restaurant" in Caesar's should have been warning enough.The place advertises itself as "authentic" hand-pulled noodles.Yes, it's noodles.  And NO, it ain't authentic.Supposedly their "best-seller" was the hand pulled noodles with shrimp/pork wontons.  The noodles were the WORST I have had in a long time.  Soggy, sad, thin little things with no texture.  Wontons were nothing to write home about.  Soup was on par with Cup O Noodles broth.  A relatively small bowl of -- blah -- for:                                        ****   $17.00  ****Tip: DON'T GO.Or, if you must go, don't expect authentic food.(ps - the one star is for the cute fish!)
1	Wish I could have Yelp this place before taking my fiance here for a quick dinner. Lured by the giant golden fish tank, I was hopping this place will at least have a decent modern Chinese cuisine that equally match with its contemporary design. WRONG WRONG WRONG, The food is TASTELESS, OVERPRICED even though the service is the only one thing that is acceptable. I had the most Yucky Singapore style noodles and wonton soup in my life. SERIOUSLY, how could you go wrong with wonton noodles? This place seriously needs A NEW CHEF!
2	I've eaten here a handful of times during my recent stays at Caesar's palace.  Why do I keep coming back?   1) I was in a rush to grab lunch, and this was really the only "quick eats" place within the hotel2) I was craving soupy noodles and this is the only place near/in Caesars 3) I get to expense my meals when I travel on business, so cost isn't much of a concern.Decent food, steep prices - you can get more bang for your buck at Spago / etc at the other restaurants. Waitresses are cute, and I love all of the goldfishes in the tank.
2	Pretty? Yes.Good food? As Yelp says with a 2-star review... MEH.After eating a few days of even very good French or American food, I tend to crave something Asian, and instead of doing some research to find something off the strip, I got lazy and decided to try this place.  And of course, in Las Vegas Strip fashion, it was way overpriced for what it was.  We tried the dan dan noodles, 3 different types of dim sum, and rice... the price: over $50.  Umm.. not cool.   The food was okay, but nothing spectacular and definitely nothing worth the amount we paid.
1	Horrible service!! Three of us ate here this past Sunday, 11/20/11. Our server, I think his name was Tony, took our order without explaining that the entrees do not come with rice. That alone is not too bad and we dealt with it. The problem is Tony never checked back with us the entire time we were there! We had to order the rice from a different server. We also didn't have any soy sauce on our table which all the other tables did have. Again no one stopped by our table so we could not ask for a bottle of soy sauce so we just had to take one from a different table.Yes the food was pretty good, but overall this restaurant is totally not worth the price!($17 for three glasses of iced tea?! Our overall bill was $75.) There are plenty of other great restaurants on the Strip where you will get great food and excellent service. I will never go back to this restaurant!
1	Worst customer service ever! asked me to wait for 30 mins, after a long wait of 1hr they asked me wait another 1hour and also suggested us go to another restaurant.. And the reason they gave is "technical issues". Wish yelp allows me to give a 0.25 on review.
1	What a rip off! Crappy food at ridiculous prices.I ordered soup and kung pao chicken - neither were very good - and was charged $9 for the soup, $20 for the entree and $5 extra if I wanted noodles. And that was for lunch. The quality was below a Pei Wei or Panda Express. Really!The wait staff had absolutely no personality and seemed like they couldn't care less about anything other than taking your order and slinging it out.
3	The decor is modern and sleek, not that it matters much for me.  But maybe in Las Vegas it matters a bit more.  A guy is standing near the front doing the Chinese style hand made noodle thing.  It grabbed my attention as I like Chinese noodles.I got the fish fillet with black bean sauce as suggested by the waiter.  It normally comes with rice but I got it with the hand made noodles.  The noodles were fantastic - exactly as I hoped they would taste.  If you prefer noodles from a box, don't get them.  These are real homemade fresh noodles and taste nothing like something out of a box.The food came out very fast but I got the fish then the noodles a while later.  In Vegas I would expect the food at the table all at once, but not that big of a deal.As with many asian restaurants, the servers seemed to dislike their jobs and life in general.  I guess it's all about the food, which was at least average here.  Another down side was the insane prices.  I could get equal or better quality in L.A. for 1/2 the price at one of my local over-priced restaurants.  I understand it is vegas, but I can almost eat at a decent steak restaurant for the same price!  I was over $40 for some noodles and stir fried fish.
3	My boyfriend and I decided to come here for lunch since nothing else seemed appealing. I had the beef soup with handstretched noodles while my boyfriend got the jia jia mien. Honestly, the food was just okay. Not worth the 15 bucks when I can get the same thing for half the price. The only reason I gave this place a 3 star rating is because of the decor of the restaurant. Gold fishes are everywhere here! I felt like i was in a fish tank **bloop bloop**.  Would I come here again? Nahh.
1	Went to dinner here on 12-29-2011. The place was jumping, and we had to wait a few minutes. While waiting, we watched one of the chefs expertly making hand-made noodles. We were excited to eat hand-made noodles.Unfortunately, the food did not live up to the anticipation. The noodles were overpriced and small in portion, compared to what you would get in Chinatown.  I had the Lan Zhou noodle. I lived in Monterey Park, CA, for a number of years and was used to high quality Chinese noodle dishes. The handmade noodle at Beijing No. 9 tasted good and was properly cooked. However, the broth it was swimming in was weak and lacked punch, and perhaps cooked to appeal to broader tastes. My partner had a noodle salad dish that was overpowered by Hoisin sauce and ruined by tough tiny chunks of beef that resembled cat food. The Lan Zhou noodle came with thin meager slices of beef that was quite flavorful. We shared the Hainanese chicken dish. I've had this dish in Southeast Asia, and it is one of my favorite chicken and rice dishes. At Beijing No. 9, the rice was dry, the chicken slices were pathetically nonexistent and bony (and did not include the breast meat with skin), and they did not serve the dish with a side of chicken broth like other restaurants do. Awful dish for about twenty dollars.We went to this restaurant because it was highly recommended and they received rave reviews from Bon Appetit. We would not have minded paying the higher prices if the dishes had been remotely good. However, only go here if you're trapped at Caesar's and can't get to Chinatown. If you can get off the strip, go to the myriad noodle places and Chinese restaurants in Chinatown for superb noodles at less than half the price they charge at Caesar's. Finally, I'm wondering how wise it is to put so many goldfish in the tanks; they seemed to have no space to move around. There's no reason to subject the goldfish to such overcrowding.
2	Here's the skinny:It's pretty over priced for an Americanized Chinese place. Average dish was roughly $15-$20. They have Vietnamese coffee w/boba, and it comes in a large = awesome, and SUPER strong too! They also have soy milk w/boba and fruit (watermelon, etc)..  prices are between $5-$7.Their dishes come down to a few options:- beef- pork- soup- rice- noodles .. but I didn't come across any signature dishes you typically would at a true Chinese restaurant (ie. Pan fried noodles, combination plates like chow fun, etc).Their white and orange hand blown glasses are really pretty, and the decor is cool too. Service was OK, and the food is cooked fresh. I could tell the noodles in our chow fun were hand made, I'd say those were my favorite of everything we had.  Oh!  the salt and pepper shrimp are yummy too!Servings are 'A la carte (aka family style)' BUT the portions are smaller than a traditional Chinese place.
1	**Disclaimer: I absolutely hate leaving a bad review but this one deserved it...we've dined here once before.Food (& ratings):- Beef chow fun (2):  I'm giving this dish a 2 though the previous year's experience merited a 4.5.  The beef dish is the only one I am rating b/c it is the only one that all other facets of this bad dining experience stemmed from.   We were about 1/3 through this dish when I noticed that several slices of the beef was RED amidst the noodles.  Ok I enjoy my steak medium rare but not when it comes to something that is supposed to be a stir-fried dish!  Asked waiter, Jimmy (who had an EH attitude all night) to take a look.  Without one word (no apologies on behalf of restaurant) he walked away with dish.  Ten minutes later, he dropped a new dish somewhat resembling beef chow fun onto the table:  beef was in fact cooked but the noodles blended together in a soggy mess.  Most noodles were still stuck together.  Disaster.  Worst part of night?  Besides the terrible attitude, Jimmy charged an EXTRA dish that was not ordered.   Had to send the bill back also.  Inept AND careless?  Oh my, what a horrible dinner.When:- Christmas 2011Crowd:- Any within Caesar's hungry enough to venture forthInteriors & Service:- Interiors (4.5): always liked it - double layered walls & ceiling designed in such a way as to instill underwater feel.  Full goldfish tanks link the entry.- Service (0):  yes, a zero.  Jimmy was terrible, terrible, terrible.  Overall:- Not ever going back
4	Located in Caesar's Palace, this place always seems to be busy.  My husband and I decided to check it out for lunch and there was a 30 minute wait at 1pm.  We decided it must be worth it, and 30 minutes later, we were seated. The entrance is lined with fish tanks FILLED with Goldfish and the rest of the decor is very trendy, hipster, China.  The tables are a bit close together, but comfortable.  I ordered the Hand stretched noodles with pork and veggies.  It was awesome, as was my husband's review of his cold (also hand stretched) noodles with beef and veggies.  My only complaint was the extra 20 minutes we waited AFTER we were finished eating, to get our check.  I finally had to flag down another waitress and ask her to get ours.  The table beside us had to do the same for drink refills.
1	I love noodles, all kinds of noodles and have eaten oodles of handmade noodles (in China  too).  Take a pass.  The noodles were okay, but the broth and sauces were bland and lacked flavor.  And for the prices they charge here, you're better off going somewhere else.  I was clearly suckered in by the word "Beijing" and the prop noodles in the display case.  Don't be tricked by the random 4 - 5 star review...it's just more props.  The only plus, the scenery is super pretty and I suspect what you're actually paying for is the pretty goldfish in the tanks.
3	This place is OK...not great.  If you're looking for great Chinese food, this is not it.  If you're in a rush and have no great alternatives, it's certainly not bad.
2	The decor of Beijing Noodle No. 9 is awesome but like most Vegas' places that's all there is to it for what they charge... eh-hem overpriced meals. I came here for a work lunch as everywhere else had a 30 minute wait. Ordered an ice tea, not bad, and then the beef chow fun. The beef chow fun was not bad, kind of greasy and the beef was overcooked. Noodles are made fresh in house so thumbs up. Service left little to be desired and even though I did not pay for the meal I wouldn't come back.
2	I was VERY disappointed in the food! ...and the amount of food provided for the price.  We barely had enough food to get over being hungry.  We took our food as take-out and also had a good portion of our food missing.  I would NOT go here if you have other options.
3	I'd really give this a 2.5 star rating, but it lucks out and gets the extra half star...This place is pretty new in Caesar's (within the past year or so since my last stay here).  One night I didn't feel like leaving the hotel, so decided to try the Beijing Noodle No. 9 with two friends.  The entrance is really cool, with lots of goldfish swimming in tanks along the entryway.  The hostess seated us, and our old waiter came over to us.  He was so not friendly, we had to laugh a few times at him.  He literally acted like he hated us and we were bothering him by sitting at his table.  Then again, he was an old Chinese man, so maybe that's how they do it in Beijing??  I don't know...but he was pretty gruff.The food was decent, and probably the cheapest meal you can get in Vegas besides Battista's Hole in the Wall.  They do the hand stretched noodles and it's pretty cool to see the guys doing it in the kitchen, which you can see from the dining room.  Our waiter did grace us with his presence long enough for us to ask a few questions about things, but we didn't really get much in the way of answers from his responses.  We sort of just had to guess because he really didn't explain anything we asked about.  We did okay though.  We shared three different noodle dishes, and they were all good.  We also started off with some pork buns, which weren't that great, and the vegetarian fried spring rolls, which were pretty good.  Nothing stood out at all, so the food was just okay.  The next night I was sick and didn't want to even leave my room, so I ordered take out.  This night was much better.  The hostess was super nice and helped me with my order without being a strange old man about it.  I got the small seafood hand streched noodle soup, the seaweed salad, and the shrimp & pork dumplings.  This was the perfect amount of food: two small appetizers and a small soup.  I got it up to my room and it was much better than the night before.  The seaweed salad was really quite tasty, and had yummy shaved cucumbers in it.  The dumplings weren't as successful because the filling had an odd texture and odd taste.  I only ate 2 of the 4...not so great.  The soup was pretty much what I needed for a sick night in.  Shrimp were tasty, noodles were good, and the broth was nice and light.This place is definitely not great...but it's adequate.  sometimes adequate is all you need.
1	I was looking forward to eating here since they make their noodles in house as well as their dim sum. Sat down at the noodle bar and was instantly asked what I wanted. I told the server I just sat down and wanted to browse the menu a little. The guy told me he wanted to know what I was going to eat. Again I told him I wanted some time to look over the menu. He left for less than 30 seconds, returned with my water and iced tea and was very pushy with asking what I wanted to eat. I ordered beef chow mein. He brought it to me in less than 5 minutes. It was not very exciting. It came on a small plate and the portion was tiny. I usually don't need to add any soy sauce to my food when I eat out, but I had to add a lot. Not much flavor at all! The beef was tender, but the noodles were mushy. My server never returned to refill my beverage ($5 for iced tea) or my luke warm water. *$18 for chow mein- was excepting great things at that price since a mile down the road in China Town I can get hand pulled fresh made noodles for less than $10. *$5 for iced tea- which should have been refilled but he didn't come around to refill me.*Waited 15 min after emptying my plate for my bill. *I was still really hungry!! :(Yes they make all things in house, but so do many other Chinese places in town. Their menu is over priced for what you get (shumai is $10 for 4 small pieces). DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME AND MONEY!!!
3	Is this the *real* Caesar's palace?2.5 stars for Beijing Noodle No. 9.  We had a later (2pm? 2:30?) lunch on Sunday while making our way from the Venetian back to Mandalay Bay.  My BF had been putting up with my its-my-first-time-in-vegas-i-need-to-eat-only-the-best phase (sorry, honey!) and woke up Sunday morning with a taste for peanut noodles.  This man LOVES peanut sauce.  And when he craves it, it's like my bad sushi cravings, I want to get this man some peanut noodles!!!So, I find Beijing Noodle whatever in the Vegas TO GO book and we decide we will stop there for lunch.  I should've tried to find a menu first.  When we finally got there, we opted to sit at the noodle bar rather than wait 20 minutes for a table, because we were both starving by that point.  It was fun to watch the chef hand stretch the noodles, and I told my BF, look! they're hand stretched, they're going to be so delicious!!Plusses+ Hand stretched noodles were indeed delish.  I had the mushroom/pork sauce.  It should've been called mushroom/egg sauce with hints of pork, and I had to add chili sauce (available at the bar, assumingly for a reason :P) but the noodles had good texture.Minuses- no peanut noodles.  the BF had chow mein, which he said he enjoyed, but was sad there was no option for him to have hand-stretched.- service was sluggish and disinterested.Next time we are in Vegas, we'll try one of the other casual places to find my man some peanut noodles!
2	The noodles are freshly made and you can see the chef make it through the window. That made me want to eat here. And the pictures online made it seem really cool. Unfortunately, the food didn't live up to my expectations. The place was fairly clean but the food simply wasn't worth it. The noodle, however, was really good. The texture and freshness was great. I probably will not be going here again. Just doesn't seem worth it when you have so many choices in Las Vegas.
1	Come here because you're stone, drunk or both....come here for the novetly and not for the taste; and if you're like me, dont come here to watch communist parade videos NOT COOL....and as an american business in LAS VEGAS one would think you can show some appropriate videos that reflect the opportunity that was given to you to conduct business in the USA. Otherwise, just another over priced restaurant with very little thought for taste and to showcase originality. The upside, open late, pretty skinny Chinese Hostess, nice gold fish tanks....other than that, 1 star.
1	This is really one of the worst restaurants I have ever been to in Las Vegas.  I was really hungry and on a Sunday afternoon at Ceasers Palace food options are a bit limited because most restaurants close for the afternoon and reopen in the evening. So I arrived and the hostess lady said all the tables are full and that I had to wait 10-20 minutes.  She then gave me one of those vibrating alarm things that would go off when a table becomes available and she was like, "Make sure you stay within 10 ft, so we can reach you."  Not sure what the whole point of the alarm is if you can't walk father than 10 feet from the restaurant....Anyways, finally, after about 30 minutes of standing right next to the hostess, the alarm goes off and she guides me to a table in a clearly and completely EMPTY restaurant. I was a bit thrown off because it's just not nice to be lied to and certainly not nice to be kept waiting for no apparent reason.By the time I sit down, I'm completely famished and order 2 dishes, one noodle broth and another scallops over noodles.  This is when the most ridiculous part happens...the food didn't come for another 45 minutes!  I'm not sure why it takes so long to make noodles in a completely empty restaurant.  Knowing that food options were a bit limited at the Caesars palace on a Sunday afternoon, I had no choice but to just sit there and wait.While waiting, I ordered a coke and no...it didn't come immediately, but after another 10 minutes.  When the waitress brought me the coke, it was a can and straw, and I had to ask her for a glass so I can pour it in. When the food came, the "hot" noodles were cold (which is not surprising considering the 45 minute wait), and the "scallops" were falling apart and in pieces.  I had always thought scallops are in round cylindrical shapes.  Not at this restaurant!  The minute you touch them, they fell apart, which was a bit disappointing but understandable as long as they taste good. Unfortunately, they did not taste good.  In fact, they tasted a bit foul...and let's just say I was a bit sick for the rest of the day and could barely leave my hotel room.  Two noodle dishes and a coke, came to about $50-$60....and all this waiting just so I can spent an entire afternoon and evening food sick in my hotel room bathroom.  It was so not worth it....
4	We have been wanting to try this place the last few times we have visited Las Vegas and we finally made it. We were seated quickly and our server was attentive and helpful in explaining some of the menu items. I ordered the Dan Dan Noodle with hand pulled noodles and my wife ordered a veggie/tofu noodle dish as she does not eat meat. We also had vegetable egg rolls as an appetizer. All three things were very good. The egg rolls really stood out to me and they usually do not. Fried perfectly and very flavorful. Quite a suprise. My wife was thrilled to get a big bowl of noodles with tasty tofu and lots of vegetables. Again the waiter steered her toward this and was quite helpful. Bam, two great things she can eat without worry. This is harder to find than a carnivore may imagine. So this was my first time having Dan Dan Noddles, but not my last. I am a bit obsessed with them because of Beijing Noodle No. 9. I have been trying them all around San Diego since then. These are still my favorite. A bit more of a broth than most places. Spicy seasame goodness with pork and spinach. I told our server how much I enjoyed them and he brought some of the sauce without the ground pork in it so my wife could try it. Good Service.I try to avoid commenting on price because the way I see it is that the price is there for you to see before you order. If you feel it is too expensive, don't get it. Go somewhere where you are more comfortable with the prices. I agree that the noodles I get on Convoy St. in San Diego are way cheaper than these but if you are not considering the fact that you are on the Las Vegas strip let alone, in Ceasar's Palace, well you are missing something.We had a great time here. I discovered a dish that I now love and we will be returning here in a few days to eat there again and I cannot wait.
2	I'm not really sure who their demographic is, but I think they've targeted the character's from Nemo and The Little Mermaid. When you walk in, precariously positioned into forming an aisle, are several fish tanks of small goldfish. Lots of goldfish. As in thousands of goldfish and nothing else. No little underwater scuba diver figurine blowing bubbles. Or rocks to dart in and out of. Or plastic weeds.Just thousands upon thousands of goldfish. Then there was the hostess...dressed in orange.The walls and ceiling resembling an aquarium.And the lighting, making it seem you were part of the whole goldfish spectacle.While you're looking around, scouring your memory banks to recall if you've ever seen anything this weird without having first ingested a generous quantity of  LSD, a waiter dressed with orange fish buttons will appear.He'll suggest ordering their hand-stretched noodles, but don't.Eating these flavorless 'things' will only dredge up bad memories of when you were in college, eating ramen like it was your job.Now you're curious. This whole thing is too weird..it has to be a setup...a camera crew about to come running out of the kitchen to inform you how you've just been punk'd.But sadly, there's no producer...or crew. Just your fish-buttoned waiter, the orange hostess, and your date, who's incessantly jabbering about how cool this place is. What does she know? She ordered the rice cakes and green tea. If you do get suckered into this place by the Chinese guy in the window hand stretching the noodles, you're in for a good sized check and a disappointed palette. On your way out, stop and check-out the goldfish tank for any tits-up floaters. The orange hostess will look at you like your crazy.Screw her. She's the one dressed in orange.
5	I love this place.After the worst dining experience on the other side of Caesars at Michel Richard, my buddy and I sat down at the noodle counter and waited for it to open.I watched my noodles get made, cooked and prepared by the master noodle maker (i'm sure there is a Chinese word for this) and had the best bowl of Pork, Mushrooms and Noodles.I think my wife is still mad at me for not bringing her along.  Next time...
4	Wow, I see all the negative reviews and I can say I must have gotten lucky on the day I had lunch at Beijing Noodle No 9.   I really enjoyed the lunch there.   I sat at the noodle bar and ordered a glass of wine.   For lunch I chose beef chow fun and enjoyed it.  Since I was an early bird getting there around 11:30 there was no crowd and no wait.I found the restaurant to be 'authentic China tourist'.  What I mean by that is I've visited Beijing and the strange decor and service reminded me of my visit to China.  Yes, the prices are high but that's what I expect dining on the Strip.  My lunch was $30.00 including the glass of Chardonnay.The fact rice is not included with stir fry type dishes (for lack of a better word) is very odd.  I noticed my fellow diners eating large soup bowls that looked very good.  I will return to this restaurant.  I really liked sitting at the noodle bar and watching the chef.
3	This is a very cool themed restaurant. Wall to wall fish tanks with thousands of gold fish line the entry way. Noodles are made in front of you which is cool. If you are looking for authentic Chinese noodles than you will enjoy this. Order the chef's favorite "spicy noodles". That is exactly what you get, fresh noodles in spicy sauce.Price is very cheap especially for a restaurant in Caesar's... A good snack or quick carb boost to get you back to the tables :)
1	I forgot how expensive food in Vegas can be until I looked at this place's menu. When you're serving average Chinese food (a shade better than Panda Express) and each dish is around $20 a pop, you know you're in Vegas.The only reason we justified eating here was because a relative had it comp'ed.
2	Beijing Noodle No. 9 is all sizzle and no substance.  The atmosphere itself is amazing--starting with the shockingly white decor, attractive hostesses, huge goldfish tanks, and even the very walls of the restaurant (white panels with cut out shapes set in front of the actual walls).And that's where the magic stops.  Things didn't start well when the hostess (as attractive as she may be) made me wait for a table even though the restaurant was barely a quarter full.  They may have been severely understaffed, but that excuse is probably giving BNN9 way too much credit.  On my way out of the restaurant, she pulled the same routine with another diner.  Unsurprisingly, the poor service (which was neither fast nor friendly) continued inside the restaurant--sending the clear message that BNN9 neither cared about nor desired your patronage.The Char Siu Bao (steamed pork buns) was okay, with the nice soft doughy exterior as expected, but the barbecue pork filling seemed to be a little short on flavoring (at least for a what should be a high quality bun).  The Beijing Pork Wonton in Chicken Soup was enjoyable, with the seaweed and dried baby shrimp providing unique taste accents.  Finally, while I'm a fan of auspiciousness, $7.09 for a bottle of Tsing Tao borders on insanity.All in all, you'll get better food and substantially better service (though without the cool decor) at Noodles in Bellagio.
3	Restaurant was visually awesome.  Daughter and I ordered three dim sum dishes; steamed pork bun, shrimp on cloud and pork soup dumpling.  We enjoyed all three and two boba teas for the road. Cost of food was not too bad for location.  Casual dress seemed to be fine.
1	Huge disappointment!I came here with my parents (Jan 2011) as I was craving some Asian food, and this place sounded like they had some great noodles. Unfortunately, I was extremely disappointed. The price was high the service was below average, the wait was long, and the food was just okay.I was hoping for some good Chinese Green Tea as is complimentary at most Chinese Restaurants, however they charged by the person, so I skipped that.What we ordered: Singapore Style Rice Noodles ($16.99): The menu had no description, so my family assumed it would be vegetarian. When these noodles came out, they had pork and shrimp. We don't eat pork, so we told our server that we couldn't eat the noodles. He started blaming us for ordering the food, and disappointment sank in. We asked if there was anything that could be done, and he said that he would ask them to make it with just shrimp. We waited for at least 10-15 minutes nibbling on the 'Crispy Chicken' and getting more frustrated as others were being attended to nicely. When the food finally arrived, there was no meat and no flavor. A complete waste of money.Braised Beef Brisket and Tendon Noodle Soup ($16.99): The best dish we ordered. Tasted like a beef stew with noodles. Not amazing, but not bad. The beef was nicely cooked and the noodles were pretty good too.Har Gow, Shrimp Dumplings (4) ($10.99): The dumpling wrapper was too thick in my opinion and it broke easily, holding a small piece of shrimp. Nothing special.Crispy Chicken in Szechuan Garlic Sauce ($19.99): A small plate of 'crispy chicken' (dry chicken, very thin pieces), with 'garlic sauce' on the side. This was pretty much like Chicken Katsu, and I was not impressed with the Szechuan garlic sauce. Not worth it at all.At the end, I was hoping to order a boba drink to go, but our server came by with our check before asking if we wanted any desserts or anything else, so I told my parents not to mention it.
4	No idea why this place gets bad reviews. We went there at lunchtime and it was packed. We were given menus quickly and the hand pulled noodles with tomato and egg I had was wonderful. Servers were working hard but we didn't have to wait for anything. Great experience and will definitely be back on our next visit.
1	Just Run when you see this restaurant, noodles were horrible,appetizers come late and worst I got a stomach pain, for one hours I was in Allien movie, Little thing was going to burst out from my stomach with noodle on the top.
1	Clueless and slow
2	So watching them make the noodles is very cool. And makes you want to try it.   So we were there at 9pm and it was not busy but for some reason we and other people waited for 20 min.  Probably was understaffed but I counted 5 servers serving on 7 tables. Probably could do more but hey I don't run it. Beef noodle soup was the highlight they were great. Wish the fresh made noodle Had tapioca in it to make chewier.  The Dan Dan.   Sucked.  I mean take noodles had spicey sesame oil and there you go.   Oh wait forgot there was a tiny bit of meat.  Other dishes we got were not memorable so Would go back for beef noodle assuming I won at the tables. Haahaa
4	My husband and I liked eating at this place. First of all, the food was good! I am comparing it with what I had in Beijing and Hong Kong, so that's how I conclude. They hand pulled their own noodles, make their own dumpling skins and knife shredded their own noodles, and the qualities of the noodles are high. I don't care that it's a pricey place when the high quality is delivered.We ordered Xiao Long Bao and Lan Zhou La Mein with Knife Shredded Noodle instead of Hand Pulled Noodle. The noodle was awesome. The noodle texture was just like what I had in Beijing. The Xiao Long Bao was awesome too, the skin was so thin and there was a lot of juice inside each of them. And each was huge too!The service was good too. Everyone was polite and nice. And I like the fact that they don't always come asking if we are okay, as that's actually not good for us Chinese to be asked for too many times, asking too often is a gesture of rushing someone to leave instead. So if you are in a Chinese restaurant and you are not always asked whether you are doing fine, it's not because they are ignoring you, they are actually letting you to have your space, take your time to relax and chill. I do notice that they always keep an eye out for every table to see if anyone is waving their hand asking for help. So that's a good service for us already. We could actually wave anyone to come and assist us, we didn't have to wave to the same person who took our order. That's what I like in a good Chinese restaurant.As being born and raised in Hong Kong, and have been in Beijing eating all over, I consider this place delivering high quality Beijing style noodles and Shanghai Xiao Long Bao.After we finished our meal, we stood outside and watched the old chef making hand-pulled noodle, and watched his assistant making the knife-shredded noodle. The old chef did make the hand-pulled noodle very nicely. Nice hands and skills. We also saw another assistant chef making dumpling further inside the kitchen. We were happy with what we ate and with the experience. (we went by the previous night and watched a younger chef making hand-pulled noodle; I think the older chef's skills was way better than the younger chef, which makes sense as the older chef has more experience than the younger chef does)We admit that the price is expensive, but again it's not something we eat every day for every meal, it's okay to pay the price to get high quality food. At least cheaper than flying to Beijing to satisfy our crave of Beijing style Knife-Shredded noodle or Hand-Pulled Noodle. Both kinds of noodles are good, I just personally like Knife-Shredded noodle more because of its shape. You can get probably something with the same name off the strip with cheaper price, but they just don't taste good or authentic (meaning not the same as what I had in Beijing) at all, then what's the point for them being cheap if they don't even taste right.We will go back again.Note: they offer Total Reward price ($1-2 cheaper for each item) when dining with your Total Reward card. Harrah knows how to do business. This makes me dine more at his properties more than at MGM's. I got discount dining at some other places that are in Harrah's properties, too. And they gave each of us $10 dining credit for just joining Total Reward the first time. So we had $20 free to spend on dining.
1	My wife and I were in Caesars and wanted some lunch. She saw a mock-up of something that looked good to her and showed it to the waitress. So it was one dish to split, a beer for her, and a green tea for me. The dish was small and anything but special. It was mostly noodles, two shrimps that were somewhat tough, a couple of very small pieces of something that was supposed to be fishcake, and one piece of something green. The waitress said the dish had vegetables so this was probably it. The tea came in a typical pot and she brought out two cups, even though my wife did not specifically say she wanted tea.The food was not very good but we ate it because we just wanted a little lunch to hold us over until dinner.When the bill came I had something similar to sticker-shock. It was over $40. One dish, one beer, some hot tea. We immediately asked for a menu. The dish we ordered, after showing what was wanted to the waitress, was $23, higher than anything comparable on the menu. We figured they made it higher simply because of the reason it did not have a set price. For the tea we were charged $8. When I complained to the waitress, she had the manager come over. The first thing I told the manager was that, for the price charged, this was the worst meal I had ever had in my life. Unfortunately, it was very true. I wanted her to know that. When I asked why the tea was $8, she said they charge by the cup, $4 each. I told her my wife never said she wanted tea, especially since she ordered a beer. The waitress obviously wanted to increase the bill. They did deduct $4 for one tea. I did not leave a tip.This truly was the worst restaurant experience I have had. If I can keep one person from being a customer at this place, I will have done the right thing.The owners must be arrogant and greedy to put out such a terrible product at an outrageous price. KEEP AWAY from this place and TELL others to do the same.
4	I was incredibly happy to have stubbled upon this place. Great Chinese comfort food! Sour and spicy soup was great - lots of shrimp and seafood bits.  Makes more sense to get the large bowl to share if you've got a group of people.  Beef tendon and potato stew was surprisingly very tender - though a bit on the salty side, it tastes great with white rice.The garlic and cucumbers dish was refreshing - though one can't really mess this dish up.Lan Zhou Hand Pulled Noodles was delicious. Tender beef and Big plus is that you can order dimsum items any time! (The pork buns were really good - so good I doggie bagged the rest for the plane ride home.)Prices are slightly (okay not slightly, most defintely incredibly) inflated - well compared to NYC Chinese food prices. However it was welcoming to be able to find comfort food nearby.Service was nice. Majority of the people were courteous and polite.  They say the wait is long (which is true) - though I'm not 100%s  sure as to why - but I suppose it is to make sure the kitchen can get the food out as fast as people order.  If you a frequent visitor to Caesars Palace - you may want to get one of those VIP cards.  Apparently you can get 10% discount on your bill  - one of the servers was kind enough to inform us of that.
1	While Beijing boasts the work of an incredible interior design team, (four massive tanks completely filled with goldfish, contemporary furniture, etc.) the actual food and service are subpar on a nuclear level. As someone who considers herself an expert on true Chinese-Vietnamese cuisine, Beijing Noodle No. 9 embarrassed me! I ordered the cold noodles with cucumber, beansprouts, and beef. What I got was half-cooked, starchy udon-like noodles doused in spicy, watery, mock-szechuan sauce, dehydrated shreds of cucumber, and beef jerky. YES - they gave me beef jerky. They actually gave me beef jerky with my noodles. My family ordered variations of the wonton soup because hey, how could you ever mess up wonton soup? Surprise! This place managed to! The soup was obviously made from cheap starch and the noodles had a little more flavor than computer paper. Also, the price range is ridiculous - a bowl of noodles goes from $12 - $22, which is a jaw-dropping difference with authentic places that stay below the $10 mark. It's depressing. And that is where I will end my review on this one. In the words of my dear father and his experience with Beijing Noodle No. 9: "I hate white people noodles. I want Asian people noodles." Just no. Never again. I would rather eat paper towels than return to this wretched place.
2	It was so promising.  I love noodles!  I had the beef and tendon soup, it was incredibly lacking in tendon.  It had about 5 chunks of tender, well seasoned beef in a decent broth, but where is the tendon?  I was craving gooey, gelatinous blocks of tendon, I got nothing.  The noodles were mealy and undercooked.  At a noodle house, I would expect the noodles to be cooked well.  These were awful.  The gai lan was delicious, with buttery garlic sauce.  I tried some other dishes, kung pao chicken was ok, the general tsao chicken was a fried, mushy bland mess.  Eh, I wasn't impressed.  The decor is awesome, service was nice, the food just isn't great.
3	Nice ambiance, food was okay but very pricey.
2	$14 for a glass of wine and $20 for walnut shrimp covered in sugar sauce.  I hope this place gets new managent soon.  I know it is Vegas, but really, please prepare the dish as it is described on the menu.
4	First of all, I'm Chinese, and I'm carbophobic. No, I don't really like rice or noodle, so why do I come here when I come to Vegas? I love the Lan Zhou hand pulled noodle, specifically the broth, beef, and veggie in the noodle soup. I love the fact that they always accomodate my request for less noodle but more veggie with extra cilantro and green onions. The broth is so yummy, light yet flavorful. I also like their black pepper filet migon cubes (very tender!), yangzhou style fried rice with shrimp and beef (suprisingly not greasy at all), and dim sum dishes.  I've come here with non-Asian friends (white, Indian, and Jewish), and none of them has ever complained about the quality or service or flavor of the food here. I agree it is quite pricey, but again you are in Vegas! Also I'm sure those stunning-looking fish cost a fortune.
3	Liked it, didn't love it. Room is cool, with giant fish tanks and contemporary decor. Service was efficient, not friendly. Food was tasty but nothing special. And it was expensive. I ordered tea, sparkling water, Shu Mai and Kung Po chicken. 50 bucks with tip.
2	We settled for this restaurant in caesar's palace because the parents were too tired to go elsewhereI feel like their hand pulled noodles might lure customers in but these were pretty OVERcooked & served in BLAND beef soup.I'm actually glad I went with the Singapore noodles instead, although in terms of flavor they weren't TOO much betterOverpriced underwhelming Chinese foodNOTE they offer takeout but if the kitchen is too busy they say it can take up to an hour ?! SKIPpppp
1	Other than the beautiful decor, there is really not a whole lot to this place.  If you have a craving that just cannot wait and you are at Caesar's then you don't have much choice.  The garlic pepper crab was not too bad and was probably the best dish we had.  But most of the other dishes are extremely salty because it is Beijing style, but the chef has a particularly high salt palate, even then.  The waitress admitted that they get a lot of complaints about the saltiness of the food, but there is nothing they can do about it.Service is an atrocity - textbook for what you should NOT do.  We were seated at a table that was filthy underneath.  When I pointed this out to the hostess, she told me to just change seats.  They refused to clean it up.  She has to be one of the laziest people I have met in my life.  I was going to complain to the manager, but even she is a piece of work.  We sat next to the kitchen, and I guess one of the other tables sent back a dish because it was too salty.  Then she and the staff started to bad mouth the customer right in front of us.  Of course, it was in Chinese, but we still understood.  She used the entire gamut of expletives to describe the customer and started to give them a dirty look every time she walked by their table. Loosely translated, it went something like - eff them, they don't know s**t, nit picking.WOW.This place will never again have my business.  With an attitude like that and such disregard for customer respect, I cannot trust what they will do to my food if I ever made even a slight complaint.So I know what the 9 in restaurant name stands for. Nine reasons why should not eat here
2	... Whattttt- This place is almost as big of a rip off as that Dragon Noodle place, however, this place tasted slightly better.Mini Wontons = Wonton wrapper. -_________- wtc. All this craziness. I literally had doughy wrapper in soup for lunch. I mean their soup is light and flavorful but it tasted like misc. powder made soup. It was also extremely salty.The Lai Mien (hand pulled noodles) wasn't bad, but after awhile it tastes redundant. It's a little bit on the chewy side for me too. There was a tiny piece of beef that came with my soup noodle, it was saddening.I absolutely had nothing for the spicy cold noodles.Their portions might look tiny but it's actually a pretty hefty serving. So do keep that in mind when you see the price.But for $20/dish (on average), I would rather have a Subway sandwich, 4 times.
4	What's not to love? The decor is beautiful, the food is delectable and satisfying, and the service is friendly, prompt, and accommodating. They're willing to customize any dish to suit almost any conceivable palate, carnivore, carbo-phobic, or otherwise. You get what you pay for, and what you get at Beijing Noodle is worth it.
3	I'm...actually really surprised at the rating for this place. Yes, it's HELLA EXPENSIVE for chinese food ($20 for a bowl of noodles? wtf....I get that for $5 in the 626) but the food itself is not bad. Zha jiang mian was full of toppings and the noodles were delicious. My only complaint was that the meat was too salty but meh...whatevers.And just fyi, tea is $4 a person. SO DRINK UP if you get tea. We were so confused at first when we got the bill...haha
2	The price is really expensive for a MEHH chinese restaurant. Maybe it is because it located inside the caesar palace.I tried their noodle dishes which is just OKAY nothing special.Uhh.. I don't have anything else to say about this restaurant except for the high price and just okay food that is not worth it. That's the only memorable things about this restaurant haha :POHH! they have lots of gold fish in the aquarium in front of the restaurant haha :)
3	The place was modern and had a minimalist style, which was a noticeable contrast from the decor of Caesar's Palace.  My friend and I sat at the counter instead of waiting 20 minutes for a table.  We ordered the Vegetarian Spring Roll appetizer.  It tasted fine.  Nothing special.  She really liked the sauce. I ordered the Seafood Noodle Soup.  I originally wanted it with Egg Noodles, but that was not made in-house, so I opted for the Knife Shredded Noodles.  The soup had 3 perfectly cooked huge shrimps, 3 scallops, and some Chinese broccoli.  The broth was light.  The bowl was not that big, but was filling.  The hand made noodles were fatter and denser than I normally prefer  Overall, it was a decent dish.My friend ordered the Beef Chow Fun.  Even though the noodles were not made there, the dish was so good!  They made it exactly the way I like it....Cantonese style (dry).  The flavors were authentic and powerful.  The noodles were perfectly cooked and the beef was super tender.  This is the dish I would get if I find myself there again.
3	Although the dishes are prepared adequately, the main gripe for this restaurant is that it's overly priced for its portions.  Plus, there are no pictures to help differentiate the items on the menu given some overlapping descriptions.  A small bowl of Sichuan Dan Dan noodles is almost $20 while 2 small pan-fried pork buns cost half that.  This place would be even more packed if it had reasonable prices especially for their dim sum menu.  The service is fast, but not friendly or helpful in describing or recommending their menu items.
3	High prices don't match average tasting dishes.  Service was adequate but food came at staggered intervals.  Best dish was perhaps the Chicken Curry, which tasted much like the curry my mom makes.
4	The food here is pretty good, even though it's a bit pricey. But if you order the sichuan dan dan noodles or beef noodle soup are both pretty tasty. It's quick and easy if you are on the go with things to do!
5	Ate here with my girlfriend and the entire experience was amazing.  From getting seated right away, to the service, and of course, the delicious food, Beijing Noodle No. 9 was a great place to eat.For drinks, I ordered the Thai Iced Tea and it's pretty much the best Thai Iced Tea I've drank in a long time.  It tasted authentic and was reasonably priced.  For entrees, we ordered the Kung Pao Chicken, Walnut Prawns, the Pan-Fried Pork and Chive Dumplings, and steamed white rice.All dishes were extremely delicious, but the Walnut Prawns were what stood out for me.  They were very succulent, tasty, and provided more than enough for me to finish (but I did anyway).All in all, a great restaurant to eat at and definitely recommended.  I would come back to Beijing Noodle No. 9 - I'm sure the other items on the menu are just as good as the dishes I tried there, or even better.
3	just ok.  Noodles were great but the dan dan sauce was just ok.
4	Sure the place is expensive for Chinese food, but what a good experience we enjoyed.  The hand-stretched noodles were not only fun to watch when they were made but tasted great too.  All of the dishes were on the smaller and somewhat expensive side, but all were freshly made, quickly delivered, and so good we were literally finishing the sauce by swiping our fingers across the plate.  OK, that's an exaggeration... we're much more polite than that... but it was tempting!  The menu is very large and here is enough to make any one, even the pickiest eater, satisfied.  We wish we could have sampled more of the dishes offered!  Service, BTW, was fantastic.  Why not five stars, one might ask -- the price, that's all.  But considering that it is Las Vegas and inside a major hotel that is to be expected.
3	Every friend of mine (and granted, most of them are FOB Chinese) that has visited Beijing Noodle Company has complained about the place, citing that the food was terrible, the service was terrible, etc.However, I decided to visit anyways...needing a quick place to grab something to eat for my little toddler. Expecting the worst, I came out of the experience pleasantly surprised. The decor will get you the first time you walk in...it feels like you are eating inside a giant egg, with millions of goldfish surrounding you (yes, I know eggs and fish don;t necessarily go together - but someone should have told the designers of this place). The food though, was not terrible. Sure, it was not super authentic, but it wasn't tasteless or horrible. It reminded me...well, it reminded me of something I can find at any Chinese Cafe in Houston. I ordered both a stir fried noddle dish and a veggie dish, and both were good enough to continue eating.The prices are steep...as all Vegas prices on the Strip are, so let's just stop complaining about that. Having said that, the service was the only thing I was disappointed about, but not so much that I have to complain on Yelp. They were slow, but not so much that I was wondering where my food or water was at all times. It just seemed odd that it took as much time as it did with a half empty restaurant to bring two dishes out...but that is all I will really say about the service. We all have our off days and times during the day when production is not what it should be...I get it!Either way, this is not a bad place to spend some time, especially if you need a quick bite and you happen to find yourself reliving the Hangover Part I. Not to mention, noodles are good eats especially if you find yourself pulling out your own incisor just to win a bet or prove a point!
2	This place was ok.  It's really pretty inside and it has tanks of goldfish (not for consumption, as it says on the sign). The only reason I give it two stars is that it's really overpriced for what you get and the service isn't great. They are kind of running around like their under staffed, but it wasn't super busy. I ordered a fried rice without looking at the price... $16.99! WTF. It was like half the portion of what you can get anywhere else. Confused... The portions are just small. The food itself is pretty good and the thai iced tea is really delicious, made fresh.I'll come back to get a thai tea to go. =)
4	Come on yelpers if there is a better place to eat then you need to tell me about it. The decor of the place  was so cool and different. Unlike anything I saw on the strip. The wait was a little long, but it gave me time to shop in the meantime (30 minutes). Take cool pics with the gold fish.  We ordered the Sweet and Sour Shrimp soup, Honey BBQ Pork, and Fzhou Fried Rice.  Everything was superb on taste. Nice flavors and seasoning.  The wait staff didn't hover but were always available.  Definitely coming back to try the hand tossed noodles next time.A cool think to catch while you wait is the cook in the window making noodles by hand tossing and twisting the dough in the air.  I was very happy with the whole experience!
5	Hands down the best Chinese food I have ever eaten. I've been there half a dozen times and everytime the service is excellent and the quality is superior. Some things you must try:- Schezuan Fish- Salt and Pepper chicken- Beef fried rice- Hand pulled noodles with eggplant sauce- Har Gow- Shu Mai- Crispy Beef- Lychee Martini_ Creme Brulee.I promise you will not be disappointed.
5	This place has some of the best noodles I've ever had! I've come here a few times over the past year and a half whenever I'm in Vegas and it is simply delicious. I recommend the hand-pulled noodles with eggplant sauce (my favorite!).
4	Best pulled noodles ever! that was sooo delicious - texture, consistency and cooked just right.  The fried rick was also fantastic - surprisingly (I mean, I am after all Asian and I always go to chinese restaurants and have had a multitude of variety of fried rice).  We also had the pork belly with the clear noodles - the meat was tender and the sauce was simple and understated but complemented the dish very well.  The pancakes were also tasty.  Staff was friendly and accommodating. Would come back and eat here again.
3	We ended up at Beijing Noodle No. 9 by accident because Bacchanal Buffet had a two hour wait on a Sunday night!  So, we moseyed over next door because my hungry stomach could not handle driving elsewhere.  Walking into Beijing Noodle No. 9, I felt that something was not quite right.  The hostesses were super nice, servers had the efficiency of a Chinese restaurant BUT with a kind smile.  Staff were all milling around at what seemed like a very well oiled machine.  What?  You'll bring my dessert promptly after we're finished with the main meal?  What?  You offered my husband another beer?  (He was so shocked that he did not accept his usual second beer.)  The interior was not only clean, but it was also bright and incredibly well designed.  Drawers were professionally labeled.  No, we were not in a Chinese restaurant, but we were in the surely in the twilight zone.I have a theory there is an inverse relationship (not sure if linear or exponential) between Americanization of the restaurant (so that includes service, decor, cleanliness) and the tastiness of the food.  The cleaner, the prettier the decor and the more ept or polite the staff is, the less tasty the food probably is.  The opposite would be the dirtier, the uglier the decor, the more the staff barks at you, the increasingly tasty the food is.  Where does Beijing Noodle No. 9 fall?Watching the chef hard at work hand stretching the noodles, I was hopeful for perfectly chewy al dente noodles.  It was amazing watching the entire process.  Boing... Stretch Twirl... Boing... Stretch Twirl.  Food:* The hand stretched noodles lacked the chew like the well developed gluten that would be in perfect noodles.  Sad face.1.  Sichuan Dan Dan Mian - Let's talk about the sauce.  It was nice and spicy and a touch on the salty side.2.  Braised Beef Brisket and Tendon Noodle Soup with hand stretched noodles - Perhaps my cantonese self is used to really robust flavors, but this soup somehow lacked some depth.  Braised usually means tender meat, but the chunks of brisket were decidedly chewy.  Overall, it was good but not the best.3.  Choy Sum - Great wok hei and seasoning, but the portion size was pitiful.  4.  Xiao Long Bao (XLB/Soup Dumplings) - Very juicy and soupy - the soup filled the entire soup spoon!  Where they did not quite reach XLB nirvana was in the dumpling skin.  It was not as thin and membranous as the famous Din Tai Fung's.5.  Sweet Red Bean Buns (mei gui dou sha bao) - Two out of the three were delicious.  The bun was fluffy and not dry, and the inside was filled with smooth and sweet red bean paste.  The third bun opened up to dry and crusty red bean.  Pleh!Prices:  Outrageous!  I would say each dish was two to three times the price that we were used to.  I'll chalk it up to the fact that the place is located in casino, and being that it was so "swanky" in decor and with well-trained staff, they needed to mark dishes up for the cost of running the place.  On a side thought - perhaps, we've all been spoiled by rock bottom prices at other Chinese restaurants and like how Korean and Japanese food is pricier, Chinese food should be priced similarly?  Conclusion:  So the inverse relationship is true in this case.  It was swanky; the food was average.  For average food that I can get cheaper and tastier elsewhere (i.e. Yi Mei Deli), I probably don't recommend coming back.  Shows me for eating Chinese food in a casino!
3	This is one of those restaurants that I wish I would have consulted Yelp about before visiting. However, we were hungry and the Bacchanal Buffet had a monstrous line so we found ourselves at Beijing Noodle because it was close by. As soon as we sat down, I pulled up Yelp on my phone and realized that we should have picked a different location. Beijing Noodle is not for those who are hungry or have tight budgets. The portion sizes are small and the prices are high. I ordered the chow mein noodles with beef and chicken. I made sure to emphasize that I didn't want pork. However, when my food arrived and I noticed three meats. The waitress apologized and quickly brought me a new plate. Here's how I know that the portions are small. I actually finished the entire dish in one sitting. I never finish a meal at a restaurant and I didn't even feel full. The noodles were great but for $20 I expect more. My boyfriend and his dad each ordered the beef chow fun ($17) and easily finished their plates too. The service was friendly but they should really reevaluate either their portions or prices.
1	DO NOT BE FOOLED BY EXTREMELY HOT HOSTESS. Food was mediocre at best. Ive had better at fast food Chinese joints. I ordered sauteed noodles with beef which was just $18 lo mein. Best thing was my thai tea.
1	Trust me, I like to be honest with my ratings (generous too) but Beijing Noodle No. 9 just didn't float my boat. And I won't wait to drop the bomb here. Take heed. This restaurant is way too overpriced for your own good. If all you're looking for is an affordable place to grab some food, turn around and head for the foodcourt. My friend and I ended up paying more than $50 for a small order of spicy wonton, small fried rice and beef noodles. Now if that $50 was in Hong Kong currency, I wouldn't complain but for a meal that could've cost me less than $20 at Chinatown, I ended up paying more than double its value. And sure, it tasted authentic. Even the service was authentic in such a way that the waiters didn't even really understand what we wanted so we resorted to explaining our orders in Chinese. The whole concept of Chinese & Western decorative fusion looked pretty interesting at first, but that hype quickly faded as we seated ourselves and witnessed the staff's cold shoulders. Midway through our meal, one of the waiters abruptly came over and asked 'Finish?' Before my friend could even reply no, the waiter was gone and we were left staring at each other. I didn't really know how to feel about the fishtanks that lined up the entrance to the restaurant and allow me to drop in a quick recommendation as an alternative. The new Bachannal Buffet is not a far walk from here. Walk over there and get your money's worth!
3	Ate there twice on my trip to vegas, but only had noodles (once with sauce, once in a soup).Although it's a bit pricy for chinese food, I think the prices were still ok, based on the rent they might have to pay inside Caesars Palace.Their freshly made noodles, especially the hand stretched ones, were really yummy. And to compensate all the bad food and drinks in vegas, I recommend a healthy stay at this place.
2	Food was marginal at best, service was awful. Was expecting a decent meal, and got Airport-quality Chinese food.
2	Small portions, terribly overpriced. The quality was passable but nothing great. For the price you can hop a cab to chinatown and get way better food. Even with return cab fare you'd be ahead.
2	Overpriced!!!!!! Service was fine.
5	Stunning!Excellent food (thumbs up for the scallion pancake) and efficient service in one of the most striking rooms you'll ever dine in - it's something of a clean-modern-paper-cut motif - just beautiful. Not to be missed!
3	Service needs a major overhaul, however the food was pretty good.The pancake with honey BBQ pork was really tasty, though a bit difficult to eat. The sauteed shrimp appetizer was so delicious -- my favorite!
1	Least favorite restaurant in Vegas.  If you wanna pay $50 bucks for ramen, feel free to come by my house.
5	Ate here with my husband celebrating his early birthday :) and the entire experience was amazing!!  We got seated right away, to the service and of course the delicious food!! Beijing Noddle No. 9 is Definitely a Super Good place to eat.
4	Just went to number nine last night with my lady. I man that was some good stuff I left full and still had some food to take hrome. thle estruant had a very modern feel to it. Was not ikr other spots I have been to. The menu was very vast making it hard to choose what to eat. I started with some pickeled wood ear mushrooms being a mushroom lover this salad was a good changes of pace to what is considered the norm. We shared a beef noodel soup witch was also great my son kept slurping up the hand made noodels.Witch you can watch the man make in the window to order along with the shu-mi. witch was as good as if you were in China town. Very good mela on the strip got out under a 100 dollars for three people not bad!
1	Beautiful decoration, BAD service, OVER-RATED price. $60 for 2 people. What a rip-off! Hah-Gow was $8 for 4 pieces. I could have gone to Dim Sum and had it with 16 pieces. Hai nan chicken rice was $18 which my God-dad made it better than them. Every main course was $18 at least. Never had such expensive CHINESE food. It would be my first time and last time also.
5	Real authentic Szechuan cuisine in a great funky atmosphere! Not a single dissappointment of the 8 diashes we ordered. Our server was super friendly and helped guide us through the extensive menu of one of a kind dishes.
1	We ended up there because our 24-hour-buffet deal was about to expire in 1 hour and the line at the Caesar Palace buffet was about a 2 hour wait.  We had made a really bad choice!  I would give the gold fish tanks and the modern design a 5-star, but we were not there for the decorations.  The so-called hand-stretched noodles were not chewy at all!  Tasted like it had been soaked in the soup for a long time.  My daughter ordered beef noodle.  They didn't not have a chili symbol next to it to denote spicy food.  When the food came, there was a layer of chili oil floating on top.  I asked the waitress and all she said was "Only a little, not spicy" and left.   That was pretty subjective.   We had asked no eggs on the fried rice and it came with eggs!  Both the noodle and the rice were too salty.  The only OK food was the scallion pancakes. They still can't compete to the Chinese restaurants in the Asian communities in Los Angeles.  Good thing they were in Vegas where there would be cravings of semi-authentic Chinese food after eating too much buffet and the wanna-be Asian food in the Asian section.  To sum up my experience, this restaurant has pricy mediocre food that came in small portions.
1	they advertise hand made noodles but they need to advertise it more. the place was a little dirty to be honest and caesars mgmt needs to devote more attention to this place. the decor is cool as hell but the menu and execution sucks. they have the tools to do a lot more with the place but may be relying on the decor to do all the work.i also asked for 2 desserts, one after the other was not available, and both were not available. if you go to a buffet you can probably find most of the stuff and in better qualityJEANS: OK by farORDER: waitress
5	I took my daughter to dinner tonight beijing noodle no.9  the restaurant is beautiful and they have Hugh fish tanks with hundreds of gold fish in the entrance when we walk in the hostess greeted and seat us really fast and the server was really nice and had great knowledge of the menu and delivered are food very quickly  for appetizers we had  dumplings and soup dumpling it was delicious and the for are main course we had sirloin steak with string beans  and chew mien with beef and beautiful desert  it was really good I would definitely eat there again I give this restaurant five stars
2	Decor: Amazing decor. Modern and great lighting.How it relates to Chinese food? Not sure. But I like how it doesn't go for "Orientalism" design that establishments can easily fall into. That's why I gave it a second star.Food: If it wasn't for the Interior Decoration, this place would have gotten a 1-Star.We ordered Jelly Fish, Yang Chow Fried Rice, Salt & Peppered Shrimp, Chow Mein Noodles, and Hot Tea.1) Portions were small. I'm not sure if it's because they consider themselves a Gourmet Restaurant, if that's the case, then I should deduct points for presentation. Presentation? There is none... it's just served on a plate like a regular Chinese Restaurant.2) Taste. None to Bland. Out of all the dishes we ordered, I only enjoyed the Salt & Peppered Shrimp. It was crispy, not too greasy, not really spicy.3) Service was bad. Servers are as attentive and personable as a regular Chinese Restaurant. Which I don't mind, when I'm eating at family owned Chinese Restaurants. But I expect better service when I'm ordering plates that are $16 - $20 at the lowest.- The Host was a young woman who didn't smile or didn't make us welcome... That's your job as a host!!! 4) Price. Crazy!I don't understand how they justify charging people for this place. The Thai Iced Tea is $6.99..... Yup, you read that right. I would seriously question the pallet of any person that gave this place more than 3 stars. My advice, just go to Chinatown and find yourself a family owned restaurant.
2	One of our orders were pineaple fried rice with ham and shrimp and it was good.  The jellyfish we ordered isnt as good as Diamond Chinas or KJ Kitchen (if you've been there) so dont expect too much.  Its not fine dining so I wasnt sure why their portions were small and extremely over priced. Would I go back if I was on property? No..... I would rather drive to China Town.
5	Yummy yummy yummy!!!! First off, Great service!!! From the time we walked in to the time we finished and left, the staff was so polite and friendly. Started off the night with beef pancake, shrimp dumplings and and beef dumplings. OMG! The beef dumpling was so juicy! It was filled with this broth and so good. Not sure witch was my fav, to hard to choose. Next came Szechuan fish, fried rice, and this fried pork with a bunch of veggies. Ok, if you like spicy food, MUST MUST MUST try the Szechuan fish!!! It was so damn good!!! I ate so much of it!!!! It really was amazing. One of the best things I've eaten in a long time. If you are looking for really good food, I would defiantly recommend Beijing Noodle No. 9. I am so full, but still want some more of that fish! LOL!!!!
2	Went here for a quick dinner because we didn't feel like searching all over for a place and we didn't feel like waiting hours for a table somewhere else. The ambiance was kind of cool - fish tanks everywhere and bright white features. But, the food was just okay and overpriced. Service was average. I felt rather indifferent about this place, can't say it was bad or anything, but cannot really recommend it either.
1	This place sucks, the food was gross and tasted like grease. I will never go here. Again. EVER.... sure the entrance looks cool and the waiters can be very nice but the food simply is gross. tasted like cheap 99cent food. do not go here. the food shot out of me quicker then it went in.
2	A little pricey even for Vegas but their noodles and dumplings are made fresh so that kind of made up for it a little. We ordered the xiao long bao and dan dan noodles. The xiao long bao were juicy and fresh. Flavor was right. The dan dan noodles were fresh as well but not enough meat in my opinion. Loaded with chili oil. Pretty average dishes.Wait was pretty long for 2 people during mid afternoon. They couldn't estimate any time and there was no where to wait. I waited around the slot machines but had to keep checking because I wasn't sure if they'd take the effort to look around for me when a table opened up. Decor is beautiful. Lots of fish at the entrance. Service was pretty boring. Hardly came around and when we asked for something, she just gave it to us and walked away.
2	The food is just bland, and this is not ok when you sell $20 plates of noodles. Absolutely no reason to go to this place, even if you feel like chinese food.
2	I read the reviews and thought I'd still give it a try. Not a good idea. The tofu was silken and had absolutely no flavor or texture. The noodles were overcooked. The soup was bland (though they did remember to give hot sauce, which helped). The cabbage was the only semi saving grace. Also, it was quick and filling. Not recommended, but not terrible.
5	Really enjoyed lunch here! Greeted by beautiful goldfish tanks and pretty hostesses. The origami-like decor is impressive! The cuisine is just as stellar. :) Very fresh & authentic tasting. You are able to see the chefs hard at work from your table. I tried the salt & pepper shrimp, (many huge, juicy shrimps that were very tasty!) some kind of fried fish in a black bean sauce, (which was very flavorful and had been accompanied by yummy fried veggies) also tried the hand-pulled noodles in an eggplant sauce. (Sauce was savoury with eggplant chunks; no need for any meat in this dish) Very fair prices; show your Total Rewards card for a bit of savings! The wait for a table wasn't bad, only waited a few minutes but if you are worried that the restaurant might be very busy and you absolutely hate waiting, there's a reservation hotline number listed on the Beijing Noodle No. 9 Yelp page! Good stuff, check it out!
1	Wow oh wow, how in the world is this place still around. Aside from checking out the gorgeous interior and the beautiful tanks full of goldfish, this place should be avoided completely. I seriously wish I checked Yelp before coming here to see how bad this place was. Granted, I didn't order any of the noodles (which this place is named after), I thought I would try some of the meat dishes.Kung Pao chicken (something like $16) - wow a horrible dish. Chicken wasn't flavorful even with the sauce, there were barely any peanuts or any other vegetables in the dish. Quite bland (aren't there Asians cooking this stuff in the back??)Beef with vegetables - This was the better of the two. Beef was tender and I got to eat veggies, but the sauce was quite bland too. White Rice - FOUR DOLLARS!!??!?!? Are you kidding me?? I know Vegas is overpriced, but come on!Juicy Pork Dumplings - Quite bland, but it was juicy.Stay away from this place!! I wish they would put some MSG in the food or something. Gosh
2	Friend and I ducked in here between gambling sessions for what we hoped would be a fresh, contemporary twist on Chinese fare. Alas, it was not to be.  Hostess was unfriendly, I found the all-white decor oppressive rather than 'light and airy', and the service was  rude and inefficient.  Only one of the dishes we shared (spicy chicken) had any discernable flavor.  Shrimp and chives dumplings were underwhelming, seaweed salad had no noticeable seasoning, pickled pepper with cloudear mushroom wasn't spicy, earthy or remotely tasty.  Definitely won't be back,
3	Given that it's located in Caesars Palace, I didn't expect this place to be cheap, even if it is Chinese food. However, I thought that the pricing was way off of what it should have been. Don't get me wrong; the food is good. We had the braised beef brisket hand pulled noodle soup, xiao long bao, and Beijing beef pancake wrap. All three were good, just not great. And for what it was, it simply wasn't worth the money.Some problems I had with the place: the hostesses were unfriendly, the service was a little slow, and they didn't have a bunch of the desserts listed on their menu.
2	We came here as soon as we got to Vegas. We were staying at the Caesar's so figured it was the easiest way to go as we were waiting on others to arrive. The ambiance was cool, very trendy. What the wait staff was wearing did not go with that. Still can't figure out what that was. The service was decent. It took a while for us to realize that she wasn't yelling at us, she just talked that way to everyone so kind of made us feel better.I ordered the Fried Rice. I wanted tofu in place of chicken and the waitress initially said no but when I asked her why she couldn't do it, she caved. My friends ordered a lot of dumplings which they loved. My rice was OK, it wasn't horrible but nothing to write home about either.
1	"weigH" overpriced and the food was mediocre at best...not much more to say...saw what appeared to be a comparable place at the Venetian - prices were 50% to 33% less than this place and looked good...will try that next time because this place sucked with a capital "S" and that doesn't stand for Super(man) either.
1	Yes, super over priced! Like most people, the buffet line was too long so had to eat here. The place is nice, but the food and service sucks.The hostess skirt is so short that just standing I can almost see something I don't need to see.The noodles were oily, the XLB were disgusting, most items lacked flavor. The one decent thing was the beef pancake.Also our waitress tried to be nice, but she was up in our face. She would come to our table and stand there for a few seconds, stare at us then say something. I really wanted green onion pancake. It took forever to come. I asked twice where is my green onion pancake. The people there kept saying it's coming. Finally everyone was done eating and still no green onion pancake. I complained and the stupid lady goes "oh you ordered that?" I was so mad, she can see the red in my eyes and then she switced to nice mode saying how sorry she is and she will put in the order now. I said no, I want the check so I can leave. She kept saying it will be ready. I'm like NO! Bad service! A little too late to fix anything.
1	Way overpriced and service sucked. I honestly had a feeling that the lady didn't want to serve us! Oh, and my tummy hurts 30 minutes later. Nice decor though.
2	Overpriced. Not a great dining experience. Atmosphere is like an employee dining room instead of a restaurant. Food is just ok.
4	I don't understand why some people bitching about pricy fried rice, lo mein or general tao chicken. Especially the Asians.  I would slap you silly if you order these fake and cheap Chinese food at a hand pulled noodle restaurant. Yes, the food is pricy. Hello! you are at Vegas and in the Caeser Palace. So suck it up! Got to make those dollars rain in Vegas.  I might want to complain about my $7 Thai Iced Tea but I am just going to suck it up because it is Vegas. Long waiting....I do recommend to make a reservation before you eat here! I just love the atmosphere here! The decoration is absolutely chic.  Definitely order hand pulled noodles here! I am still craving it till this day. I really hope Utah would have a hand pulled noodles restaurant soon. One thing, the noodle portion was not enough. We had to order extra noodle to fill up our stomachs. Service was ok. Long as server check on us when they are busy, we are fine. I'll be back! ::Imitating Arnold Schwarzenegger::
5	Yummy yummy yummy!!!! First off, Great service!!! From the time we walked in to the time we finished and left, the staff was so polite and friendly. Started off the night with beef pancake, shrimp dumplings and and beef dumplings. OMG! The beef dumpling was so juicy! It was filled with this broth and so good. Not sure witch was my fav, to hard to choose. Next came Szechuan fish, fried rice, and this fried pork with a bunch of veggies. Ok, if you like spicy food, MUST MUST MUST try the Szechuan fish!!! It was so damn good!!! I ate so much of it!!!! It really was amazing. One of the best things I've eaten in a long time. If you are looking for really good food, I would defiantly recommend Beijing Noodle No. 9. I am so full, but still want some more of that fish! LOL!!!!
1	Chaos service. Pricey food. Not worth it.
2	Service varies depending on what shift you encounter. The seats located at the counter overlooking the boiling waters ready in anticipation for those fresh hand stretched noodles are great for a quick dine-in with free entertainment. The restaurant pulls fresh noodles during brunch/lunch hours so there won't be too much of a show at night. The food varies. If you're looking for authenticity, you may want to look elsewhere. If you're looking for good ol' American Chinese food, you've hit the jackpot. As someone who grew up in Beijing with Beijing comfort food as our nightly menu; take it from me, the food produced here is far from China quality. However, they (the restaurant) has well executed the concept of Beijing-style food and caters to satisfying American taste buds. Case and point? We ate at Beijin Noodle four consecutive days for lunch and dinner. At each meal, American's mostly ordered Kung Pao Chicken and Sweet and Sour Shrimp. Chinese don't really eat those dishes. Maybe American Chinese, but not Chinese from China. You're probably asking why we even ate there so many time in a row if the food was only "meh." Well, they had one particular dish that reminded me of grammy's cooking - sliced potatoes.  Each day I asked them to add ja tsai to the dish the way my grams did, and each time I ate the dish it nearly brought me to tears reminiscing of my 4' 3" nai nai. So because of that one Beijing-style dish, I went nearly the entire time I stayed in Vegas.
5	We went during lunch/dinner there were not that many people in there... the waiter was very nice! We ordered Sichuan dan dan mein... it was AWESOME! with the had stretched noodles!
5	I was staying at Caesars for a convention recently and I picked up Chicken Chow Mein to go here twice during my stay. Great portion size, tasty sauce, lots of chicken, good veggies and amazing noodles! My to go orders were always ready quickly.
4	Now dis is a cool place 2 chill, eat, hang out N stuff. Food is BomB interior is off da hook. Classy. Elegant. & Hip. This place is now on da must return spot every time in Vegas. Every time...
4	I really enjoyed our dinner here!We intended to go to the buffet at Ceasar's but my buffet paranoia (not being able to stop eating) kicked in and we stopped at this noodle shop. We were seated immediately--next to Jesse James and new wife, and no, I didn't say "HOW could you cheat on the beautiful and talented Sandra Bullock?!?!?"--and the server was really great. He was patient as we asked about every type of tea, gave us time, checked in, and seemed genuinely interested in our having a good meal. We ordered the seasonal veggies for an appetizer--holy Jesus, I could eat those every day. Perfectly cooked (ie, crisp and tender) asparagus, Chinese broccoli, and baby bok choy in a DELISH sauce. Heavenly. My lychee martini was strong, yum, with two lychee so hubs could have one-- find that in any other city! Entree time--we asked what the dish is that people come back for and the server said the chow mein. Ok, serve it up! I was a little disappointed that it meant not picking my noodle, but I survived. I ordered the beef, hubs the combo. When they brought hubs the chicken and we said, "No, the combo," there were no faces or general poopiness, they just got him a new dinner (which took an appropriate amount of time, so some thought went into it for sure. You want it to take a bit when you send something back!).My beef was good, maybe a little chewy, but I'm not much of a beef eater so I don't know. Hubs said his was delish. The noodles were super yummy--no complaints there.  The sauce was great. Our waters were always refilled. The server was really attentive, but not over the top. And I thought it was Vanilla Ice sitting at the table next to us. I wonder how Jesse James would feel about that. Here's the part that makes me say I really, really like the service and food here. We asked for those dessert rice balls because I've never tried them. They didn't have any. The server offered ice cream balls. I didn't want that, so we said we were all set. The server then came over with 4 cookies on a plate and apologized for not having the dessert we wanted and made the cutest joke: Yes, I made those cookies for you just now!  I'm a baker, so I know me some cookies. Those were some of the best (ok, wait, the friggin' best) almond cookies I have EVER had, complete with a honey glaze and a few whole almonds on top, with the tiniest, I mean tiniest, hint of salt. Perfecto. So, I'll be back. Not sure why the negative reviews; I think this is a hidden gem for every day food. PS--the interior is amazing!
2	We were looking for a place to grab a quick bite.  Caesars is nice, and I thought they held everything to a high standard, but Beijing Noodle 9 definitely disappointed.  A bowl of beef noodle stew will run you sixteen dollars.  I ended up paying a grip for a simple noodle stew, some scallion pancakes, and some braised beef.  The broth was definitely weak in flavor, and the noodles were only acceptable.  Definitely come here only if you have some comp points to spare.  Hate to sound like a degenerate gambler but the only advantage is that its quick so you can get back to the tables ASAP.  Besides that, it is incredibly overpriced, and falls way short in quality.  Don't come here expecting anything close to traditional taiwanese noodle foods!
1	We had a party of six. Two of our party got their dumplings while the other four waited, and waited, and waited. After 45 minutes they finally started to bring out our food (one at a time). Don't they know that people like to eat together...at the same time.
5	OMG this place is SO COOL!!!!! It was like watching foodNet or No Reservations-Beijing in person.  The "noodle-master" was actually stretching out noodles and skillfully slicing off noodles behind the counter while I was eating.  The fish tanks inside the restaurants are cool but if theres a guy making noodles I highly suggest eating at the bar!  I ordered the mini-wonton soup with hand stretched noodles and it was delicious.  Very rarely have I ever had such clean, flavorful, and delicious broth in dishes like this that weren't heavily laden with fat floating on the top. My server Becky was super nice and expedient as well as the other staff that kept my water glass constantly full.    It's kinda pricey at almost $20.00 but I am for SURE going back.
1	We had to pay almost $5.00 for a bowl of RICE!  I could not believe that the main dish did not come with anything else.  Everything is ordered separately.  I know it's Caesar's at the Las Vegas strip, but please, four entrees, four bowls of rice and three teas, one had water, cost over $100 for lunch!!!
4	Confused about the low reviews.  We have a lot of different asian restaurants in NorCal that we go to, and I thought this place was awesome.  The hand stretched noodle bowls were awesome.  We actually went back for a second meal during our 4-day stay.Recommended!
3	First and foremost ,you have to understand that you're eating Chinese food at a casino. If you can grasp that then your dining experience expectations will be dramatically different(meaning you have to  lower your standards; it's equivalent to a weekend of heavy drinking if you were single and you're looking to settle for the night minus the walk of shame in the morning). We dined here solely because my friend (the groom) really wanted his fix of noodles and wonton. For those that are accustomed to a lower price point for similar food back home, they will most likely get a nice wake up call since the price point for the menu here is significantly higher (again you have to grasp the realization that you're dining at a casino). We ordered  the wonton, egg noodle soup; beef stew noodles; and the xiao long baos (soup dumplings). The wontons were suprisingly flavorful, the xiao long baos were decent although the texture of the dumpling skin was on the soggy side, and the beef stew would probably be the best dish we had. But for obvious reasons it's not food that I would wait on line for or anything.As mentioned in the previous paragraph, the food wasn't the best, but when you're fiending for some Chinese food and you're in the middle of the desert, expect to pay a higher price point to somewhat get that fix. However, a full satisfaction of what you're yearning for may not be fully met. Nonetheless, it may just help hold you over till you head back to you respective go to Chinese place back home. It could be worse, what if there was only a P.F. Chang's or only  mall type of a take out that was around? Bottomline, the place is serviceable to somewhat meet your fiending needs of rice or noodles.
3	I'm in Vegas not in Chinatown.  Being a Chinatown boy-- this place is a little hard for me to accept.  The food was expensive as hell.  Wonton noodle soup cost $18.. Dumplings $15... the list goes on!  I kept doing the math in my head... I could've bought 6 wonton noodle soups back home for the price of this one lousy bowl of noodles... 75 dumplings for this one plate of dumplings, etc etc.    Ok ok ok-- the noodles weren't lousy, in fact it was decent considering there weren't many authentic Chinese options in the area.  I actually even liked the decor!  They lined the entrance with huge goldfish tanks, all white interior and even a petite Chinese girl in a short skirt  at the front (I swear she's decor because she didn't speak much English).  I'll give this place 3 stars only because it did satisfy my craving but I can't say I'm ever coming back!
1	I was really disappointed here. The meal was sparse. The spices were like nothing I'd ever tried (more numbing to the tongue than spicy). The goldfish in the tanks were cool. But otherwise, this was just not a good experience. Especially for Vegas, which has some of the best dining anywhere.
4	This place was ethereally beautiful, classy, relaxing and zen like. Hit them up after absinthe late one night around 9-10 I believe and were the last ones in. Very kind servers and delish noodles. Had the Sichuan Dan Dan mein.
2	I'm a huge fan of all noodles, dumplings and baos and after hearings our friend's positive reviews, whom is originally from Beijing, I had to try their hand-pulled noodles...   We arrived at 4:30pm this past Sunday with only a 2 people party in front of us.  The hostess took my name down and said it'll be a 10 minute wait.  However, the restaurant was half empty with plenty of wait staff walking around and casually cleaning up.  While we are wondering why we needed to wait, our hostess was chatting it up with another hostess playing with their purses on the podium/table right in front of us.  After 15 minutes, we were finally walked to our table.  We ordered Dandan noodles, pan fried pork buns and mango pomelo sago.  The food arrived relatively quick.  The pork buns were nice and hot and was great with vinegar; the noodles were just average with minimal sauce but the dessert was quite poor with powdery tapioca.  Overall, the food was just ok especially at their prices.  We definitely will not come back nor would we recommend this place to our friends because of their poor customer service.  None of the staff gave us a smile and we really don't like establishments that try to make themselves look busy when they aren't.   I have to say  it's a good change of pace from the other restaurants inside Casears Palace and a good back up for Bacchanal's crazy long lines but if you don't make your guests feel welcomed, it doesn't matter how "authentic" your food is.
2	Im not going to lie this is one of the most expensive asian resturants ive been too.but it was something different from the fast food, americam and buffet we were having in vegas. i loved the design of the resturant! very different compared to lots of other asian resturant you'll go too. expect to put out about 18-22 dollars for each plate or so for a small portion. Food was served out fast but tasted okay! serving was great!
4	We are on the strip in Caesar's Palace!! not downtown with 99 cent shrimp cocktails!! Ok try hard to find a $15 blackjack table ....win a hand..... then you can come here for a bowl of noodles! (no drinks of course) That last remaining green chip from last nights debauchery will barely get you by! This is Vegas you know!!! Ok this place is cool as one of the few noodle shops this side of Shanghai with chefs stretching their own noodles by hand!! I love to watch them pull and pull the dough then all of a sudden.....where did those noodles come from???!!! The restaurant itself looks like a futuristic music video with white decorative cut outs, bright lights, and hundreds of goldfish in large tanks. There is even a sign that says" goldfish are not for human consumption" !!  LOL This is a joke or there are some ghetto folks out there !!! I thought the noodles were excellent and really hit the spot.  This place is really good, expensive, and very clean. There were not even any signs of grease on the floor..... guess Its a long way from the (626) and Monterey Park !!
1	While the layout and design is fantastic, the food is quite bland, portions are very small and the service was terrible.
5	My sister and I LOVED this place! We came back twice during our 5 day stay. A friend that was recently in Vegas posted about it, so we tried it out. Yes the giant tanks of goldfish are amazing. I took *so* many photographs. Beautiful.We ordered the red bean puffs and loved them. The spring rolls were also good. Both times I ordered the crispy tofu and loved it. My sister ordered scallops both times, too. :)Service was a bit slow during our 2nd visit, but as soon as we alerted a server that we wanted the check, they brought it over quickly.
1	They serve SHARK FIN SOUP! They call it the "Seafood Special Soup" which is code for Shark fin soup and the $100+ price tag confirms what it is. Google shark fin soup to learn how horrible a practice this is. Furthermore, even if you don't care that you are supporting a business that practices the endearing of animal species, then you should care that the food sucks. I came here with a group and only after ordering and eating did I notice the "soup special." So my 1star review of the food part was for before I knew of their soup. If I could give a negative rating--- I would. The food was tasteless and I ordered their famous noodles, which there is only a small selection of actual noodle plates, ironic for a restaurant with "noodle" in the name. I tried many dishes from the large group order and wasn't impressed with any of them. When the bill came, the experience left an even worse taste in our mouths as we realized that they charged $4 for each dinky bowl of rice that was brought to the table...rice that we didn't ask for. The prices were crazy EXPENSIVE even for Las Vegas! I mean at least in Vegas if you buy food and it costs a lot you get a huge serving---not here! Servings were small to medium at most.Oh and the service was horrible. One entree didn't show up until 15+ minutes after the rest of them. Three of us also had to leave for a show as we waited for the bill to arrive. About 15 minutes later 2 more people had to leave--- leaving 2 people to wait at the table for the bill or the waiter to come by. By the time the waiter got to the table, our group of 7 people was down to only 2 people and he hadn't noticed the mass exodus that had left the table! So, maybe 30 minutes later the bill arrived. The only good things were the dumplings and the lychee martini, but nothing special as I have had similar quality many times over. My advice...Take a pretty photo of the restaurant and their goldfish aquarium and move on..Go somewhere else, anywhere! Advice to restaurant; Don't be such a dick and kill of sharks and screw over your patrons with crappy food and high prices.
4	Hot, hot, hot hostess.  Didn't do anything dumb, so thats a plus.  The food is very good if a little different.  The jia jang mein(sp?) was good and similar to what I have had before.  The szechuan dun dun noodle was like nothing I ever had before, no peanut/sesame sauce at all, just hot oil.  The cold spicy noodles were different as well, but very good.  Finally, pan fied peking raviolis/pot stickers were excellent, although chive is different than the traditional chinese cabbage.  The service was fast and good.  My only quibble is about $4 for a pot of tea or glass of iced tea.  Seems unnecessarily steep.  Complaining about shark fin soup or coming for the decor is ridiculous.
3	Pretty expensive for what you get!  The decor of the restaurant was sleek and modern, the service was subpar and the food was average at best.  I tried the beef chow fun and for the price I would have expected a much better lunch.
4	Fresh hand made noodles made right in front of you.  The portions are good this is a casual dining place. I came here for the duck noodle soup and my hubby ordered the beef chow fun.
4	This place is quite tasty, good portions and reasonably priced for Vegas! I ordered the beef chow fun and it was quite yummy. I really like the decor and the food came out in about 5 minutes.  If you can't wait for the buffet I would try this place. Lots of Asians eating here so must be good!
1	By far the WORST Chinese restaurant I've been to. The food was tasteless and bland. The servers were rude. We ordered hainan chicken and the server did not tell us they were out of hainan chicken until all of our food had already been served. The server came over to inform us they were out of the hainan chicken and was not the least bit apologetic. Will NEVER return. We should have just waited in the 2 hour line for the buffet.
2	The menu items try to come across more authentic, but the food did not actually taste that way and prepared by Asians!.  It is Vegas and in a hotel, but it's hard to pay this much for the kind of dishes on the menu.  Noodle soups and even the salt & pepper squid didn't quite have the full flavors they should and felt "Americanized".
4	Love the ambiance!!  Don't know why people are so hard on this place.  The food was good, we had chow mien and dumplings.  If you looking for a quick meal give this place a chance :)
1	Started off great, then service became non existent.  Food came out at terrible intervals, each person at table was done eating before the next was served.$20+ for the thinnest strip of chicken breast you can imagine, no sides.  Food was "ok" at best, wouldn't recommend at all with hundreds of better choices around.Atmosphere was perfect, will take more than that to get repeat business though.
3	This is a place of extremes, the is the result of a bunch of 5s on the plus side and a bunch of 1s on the minus:On the plus side- Beautiful decor- Wonderful fish tanks- Server uniforms that match the orange of the goldfish (cool)- High quality food; this is gourmet caliber noodlesOn the negative side- Ridiculous expensive / small portions of the price- Slow service, even when it's not full.  Chronically understaffed.- Often a line to get in.  Even when it's not full.  And then you get cut-off by the Seven Stars / Diamond members, adding to your wait.Things we loved- Seabass- Shu mai- Potstickers (disguised as pork and chive pan-fried dumplings)- Wor won ton soup
4	Great environment - sleek decor. Food from rural China skillfully brought to Vegas with panache. Watch the cook throw dough around and make noodles and then order it.  I come here everytime I stop by the Caesars Palace, even when I'm not hungry. Since I'm staying in CP this time, my second time eating here in 3 days.
3	Like a fool, I came here with a date and did not order any noodles. So I am not too sure how reliable my review can be. Anywho, the big gripe on yelp is the price of the food. Yeah, it is a little steep (nothing crazy), but maybe these people forgot that they were at one of the premier casinos on the middle of the Strip in a little town called Las Vegas - which is not exactly where you go for bargains on food. That aside, I was not overly impressed with the food, but it was solid and the ingredients were quality. The menu is crazy-extensive, so there are many dishes to come back to - if you can get past the price point. The atmosphere is really impressive, but a bit sterile. (The gold fish are awesome.) I read multiple problems with the service, but I did not have any problems on my visit - I was seated promptly and the service was attentive. Will I go back? With a Chinatown's worth of options a mere few miles away, probably not. Yet, if I was on the Strip and had a taste for Chinese, sure.
4	When I "checked into" this place and saw the average of 2 1/2 stars, I was thinking, yikes...this is going to be interesting.But honestly, aside from the prices being so expensive, the food was actually delicious. Our orders arrived pretty fast...within 7-10 minutes after we placed our orders and there were still a lot of people at the restaurant. My friend and I ordered pan-fried pork and chives dumpllings (6) as an appetizer and it was so delicious, I could've ordered 2 plates as my entree.For my entree, I ordered the Singapore-styled noodles with shrimp, chicken, and veggies. Yes, the portions may be small for the average men, but for females...you will have leftovers if not, the perfect sized. My friend said her entree was delicious as well.The reason why I gave my review 4 stars versus 5 is because I do agree with the other reviews....the price for what you get can get some people upset. Or feel like they got cheated out on.  But if money wasn't an issue for you, if you have any food & beverage credits or anything similar like that....this would be a great place to dine at here at Caesars Palace.
3	Taste: 3.5Creativity/Authenticity: 3Atmosphere: 4Service: 3Bang for your buck: 2When your hungover as F*#K and in caesars palace this is the place to go to get some hot soup to cure that hangover! been here many times cause im way to hung over to go anywhere and room service doesn't have what you need. soup, noodles everywhere, if your looking for it they probably have it, chinese noodles and soup and chinese food only though (THEY NEED TO SERVE PHO) but anyways i always start with the chinese breadsticks or donut?! than won ton soup with egg noodles cant go wrong, they def use out of the packet egg noodle but its still good, i haven't had any problems with food here but the service is pretty bad; you order, get your food and thats it you will not see your server till your ready to pay? weird or coincidence? Anyways i only go here when im hungover so i cant really give the best rating but so far ive had a decent experience so nothing bad to say here
4	It was Saturday at 11:15. We had just been turned away from one of our favorite Vegas restaurants because the kitchen had just had a fire and they were closing the restaurant.  Disappointed, we checked Yelp and found Beijing 9. B9 is in Caesar's Palace.  So, I made a quick stop to get my Caesar's club card so I could get a discount. (Club members get a dollar or so off each entree).We ordered the Marinated beef shank as a starter. Very interesting. It wasn't a jerky but it wasn't really moist either. You could taste the five spice and other interesting flavors. A nice start. Next, the Szechwan Fish. Delicious fresh perfectly cooked flaky fish in a wonderful spicy red broth. This dish was spicy hot. Wow. Great spice that just kept on going. With one complaint, I had to ask for rice as that is extra, I was in heaven.Next, egg noodles with the eggplant and garlic sauce. The eggplant had such fantastic depth and flavor. The noodles fresh, cooked appropriately and providing fantastic flavor. At about $70 for two of us for lunch, it was expensive. But when the pub with the famous chef's name on it next door is serving $20 burgers, this place was certainly appropriate, if not less expensive, than it's neighbors.  (That said, I will pass on ordering two $3.50 ice teas and stick with water next time.)Overall, fresh, cooked as it should be and very good flavors. Yes. I am a fan and hope to be back. Thank you!
3	I've been here plenty of times, and I can say that the food is great, but the service is consistently lacking. If you don't mind waiting for your food or having plates/drinks forgotten, then this is the place... but I don't mean to make it sound horrible because the food is actually very, very good. I recommend the Singapore noodles, dim sum dishes, and shrimp fried rice. If not for the service, this place is a solid 4 stars.
4	food was good (had the lan zhou with hand-stretched noodles): didn't change my life, but was good.  the dumplings at the next table over looked good as well.  service was infrequent; they seemed to be understaffed since there were plenty of open seats but still a line at the door.  not sure how they'd do with large parties, but if you're looking for calories after the morning after I definitely recommend it...
1	Foods ok. Service sucks! So many servers and none come to help out. Hostess was to busy texting to acknowledge us until the photographer told her she had people.
3	I came across this place after the line at Bacchanal was ridiculous. I personally love hand pulled noodles as not every Chinese restaurant offers it. I ordered Dan Dan Mian and absolutely loved it. It had the spice I was craving and the noodles were cooked perfectly. I must have come here at the right time as the customer service was better than what others have experienced.Let me warn you, the prices are higher than what you'd expect. The thing is... it's located inside Caesars Palace and not Chinatown.
3	Dan dan mein (3/5)Dan dan mein in Chinese roughly means mouth full of noodles. It was pretty much a bowl of noodles with some ground beef sprinkled on top. Underneath the noodles is a small pool of spicy chilli oil. Then you mix and toss the noodles to apply the sauce to the noodle. All in all the dish wasn't bad. The noodle tasted very fresh and the texture was springy and soft. Unfortunately most Dan Dan Meins I've had actually had more to offer than just noodle. The mix the noodle yourself concept is forgivable. It also makes you realize that before you mixed the noodles. The dish consisted strictly of plain noodles.All in all not bad. Will barely hold you over. Like two bites of a hot dog, but oh well. Sometimes you have no option on where you eat (long story).Pineapple fried rice (2/3)Ham, shrimp, rice, and eggs. The pineapple was added like an afterthought,  even then I might've had 3 tiny pieces of pineapple in the whole plate. If you didn't know you've specifically ordered pineapple fried rice. You wouldn't have known the plate somehow involved pineapples. I was definitely a bit disappointed.
3	This place was good with traditional Chinese noodle dishes. The menu is quite large, large enough for you to go with people who are not huge noodle fans. The dishes are a little bit expensive, even though you expect it to be a little high-priced since you're in the middle of the Strip in Las Vegas. For the amount of food we got, I'd expected the prices to be a little lower. For one, you may get one noodle dish and an appetiser to be fulfilled. For two, maybe one more noodle dish.It was a little hard to find since Caesar's Palace is so big!I did like that you can choose whichever kind of noodles they have for any kind of stir fry or soup style. That was a nice touch of customisation. The hand-stretched noodles were the best!! The knife-shredded noodles are a close second.Ordered:-Soft Tofu and Chives-Tofu Strip Salad in Sesame Oil-Xiao Long Bao, Soup Dumpling Pork-Shredded Duck Meat, Rice Vermicelli Soup-Beijing Pork Wonton in Chicken Soup with knife-shredded noodles-Tomato and Egg Sauce with hand-stretched noodlesAll were quite delicious except the Beijing Pork Wonton soup. It didn't have the traditional Chinese chicken soup flavor.
3	This is a neat place. The ambiance is quirky and fun, and being able to watch the chefs make the noodles from scratch is a nice touch. The food is great. The meals are very satisfying and the flavors are delicious. If I was rating based on food alone, I would probably give this restaurant 5 stars. Unfortunately, the service tends to be a bit off. The hostesses often seem bored and indifferent, and our server once disappeared for nearly 30 minutes. Nonetheless, the quality of the food is good enough to make the overall experience positive, and I would gladly come back for more.
2	Definitely no service.  Very American Chinese food and super salty.  Coming here for whatever meal is ok.  But expect a good sit down meal, definitely so not recommend.
1	Nothing to write home about.  Fancy noodle guy making the them from scratch. ....but the window dressing really didn't match or meet expectations.  In fact, a trip to Panda Express would have saved me $70 and we would have had a better meal.    Never again!
2	The interior is 5 stars - very gorgeous floral design in what looks like enameled cast iron. I also love the goldfish tanks at the front of the restaurant. The service, 4 stars - we had a very gracious and attentive server who allowed our party of 7 to split our bill without any hassle. The food is 3 star, on its own - definitely not bad tasting food, but realize that you'll be paying $16-$20+ for an entree that, for the exact same order, would run you $6-$8 in an off-strip restaurant. I'm okay occasionally paying more if I see an increase in quality; for Beijing Noodle, this is not the case. I had the Yangzhou Style Fried Rice (Shrimp, diced Ham, diced carrots, peas, $17) and the Singapore Style Rice Noodles (Shrimp, diced BBQ pork, scant bean sprouts, a few shreds of julienned bell pepper, $17). They were average, but edible, and on-table soy sauce and sambal oelek were welcome spices. The wait, 1 star - we stood in line for 40+ minutes on NYE, which I guess is standard (? - I don't think so...), but they also will move any VIP's to the front of the line, of which there were many the night we came, lengthening our total wait. The cross-contamination of food items, 1 star - beware that because they make wheat noodles fresh in house, it's almost impossible to avoid allergen contamination with non-wheat items. If you are gluten-free or gluten intolerant, you're gonna have a bad time, which I did less than an hour after eating at this location (a reaction so severe it mimicked food poisoning). My bad.  Won't be returning here in the future. Better (and safer) eats elsewhere.
2	Based on food alone this place would fail in a minute if located in Cali, east bay, or any highly populated asian community.  With that said this is vegas hence the 2 stars.    Food-food portions are small (to be expected).  This place its value orientated for asians in vegas.  Beef Noodle Soup-Not impressed; nothing special; somewhat cold when deliveredSzechuan noodles and pork!-Not impressed;not spicy enough;nothing uniqueWar Wonton Noodle Soup-HORRIBLE; no flavor, bad noodles, no flavor in dumplings. Green Onion Pancake-HORRIBLE-your better off finding your favorite frozen brand.  Came out cold and no flavorchow fun-u can smell the wok heat, but still just ok-=the best of the night=-Xiao Long Bao, Soup Dumplings-good flavor.  individual bao vary on attention of detail.  Sauce occasioned was spot oneither had  Seafood and Egg White Fried Rice or Fu Zhou Fried Rice, Gravy styleShrimp, Scallop, Mushrooms,Asparagus, Eggs-nice flavor.  nice and oily, but delish.   The good-Line/wait-fairly short both times under 1hour about 45 minutes.  arrived before lunch/dinner rush.Ok-For those deprived of good authentic Chinese sure eat your heart out.  My auntie from HI thought it was good.  For those that know you got it good pass this spot up  Bad-Service-The same unattentive service you expect expect in chinatown.  Waiters need training and more discipline.  It does not look good to stand around playing on your phone or speaking overly loud where customers can hear your conversations.  Hostesses-not very host like these girls need replacing.  Do some work other than just standing up front and then ducking in the backI came here for the hand made noodles and thus put in an order and informed only after I ordered that there were none available.  I then asked the waiter to inform me when the chef was making more so we could put in an order.  NOPE had to spot the chef making more and flag down our waiter to order.  Sure, hand tossed tasted better than store bought, but not at the price.
3	This review pretty much applies to all the noodle cafes in the Strip luxury resort-casinos because they're pretty much all the same experience.   Incidentally, this Anglo is a former long-time and informed habitue of Silicon Valley noodle places, a frequent Vegas visitor, know my way around Vegas Chinatown, always have a car to get there and know how to get there with vehicle and sanity in one piece.You can expect luxe decor and I've always found the flavors and food quality quite adequate.   HOWEVER, the prices will be double, there can be a significant wait on weekends at any normal meal time, and the service will be the same authentically haphazard affair as at "authentic"  places everywhere else .    I suspect these latter considerations prime many reviewers to be more sour on the food itself than it deserves.   There are some very nice noodle experiences in Chinatown but getting there and back  from your major strip hotel can be an experience for Vegas virgins on a Saturday night.
5	Excellent homemade noodles. Very authentic dishes at reasonable prices. You can get a discount with your player's card too! The servers are knowledgeable and prompt. What a fabulous-looking room. I didn't want to leave. I can't recommend this place enough. Order the knife-cut noodles, you won't be sorry! We had a wonderful experience here despite at first being ignored by the hostesses. The food more than made up for it!
4	We came to Beijing Noodle No.9 on a recommendation from friends. We queued from around 20 minutes before we were seated and then served fairly quickly. The restaurant has a very bright arty white theme going on so it is not a place to visit with a headache. The food was very good albeit slightly overpriced ($18 for a chow mein) but I would happily recommend it to anyone seeking good Asian food in Caesar's Palace.
1	Fooled by the ambience.. Bad food.
3	The interior decor is beautiful. I really liked the ambiance of this place. I like the fact that you can watch them hand pull noodles towards the front of the restaurant by the entrance. They also have several fish tanks that adds a splash of vibrant color from the otherwise contrasting white decor.The food is freshly prepared, but overpriced compared to your typical Chinese restaurant, but what isn't in Vegas? They have a rather extensive menu to entice just about anyone. -Lead by Executive Chef Li Yu. -Attire is casual. -Average price of an entree is approximately $25. These are the following dishes I've ordered at Beijing Noodle No.9: (2 adults, 2 children) Ordered far too much. Our eyes are bigger than our stomachs..evidently.-Special Seafood Soup (one size) $113.99/ individual bowl. (The flavors were very "clean", but too bland in my opinion.)-Braised Sea Bass in a sizzling clay pot $23.99 -Walnut Prawns in Mayo Sauce $20.99 (I actually really enjoyed this dish, the prawns were huge, fried to perfection, and absolutely succulent.) -Beef Chow Fun $16.99-Braised Beef Brisket & Tendon Noodle Soup $16.99 (you can choose what kind of noodle to have it with. I opted for the more traditional choice for this dish; hand pulled/ stretched noodles.)-War Wonton Noodle Soup $16.99 (This was a very ordinary dish that I wouldn't order again.)-Green Onion Pancake $7.99 (I requested for it to be extra crispy which was delightful.)-Xiao Long Bao, Soup Dumplings Pork (6 pieces) $12.99 (I definitely prefer Din Tai Fung's XLB) -Pork and Chives Dumplings (Boiled or Pan-Fried, 6 pcs.) $10.99 -Shrimp and Chives Dumplings (Boiled or Pan-Fried, 6 pcs.) $12.99 (I opted for Pan Fried for both orders.) -Seafood & Egg White Fried Rice $16.99 (Ordered this in lieu of white rice, it complemented the other dishes very well)-Seasonal Mushrooms w. Black Pepper Sauce $15.99 (I was quite disappointed when this came out with mainly white mushroom.) -Pea Leaves w. Golden Garlic $19.99 (Paired well with the fried rice mentioned above.) -4 Thai Iced Teas $6.99 each, we added boba (bubble, pearls etc.) but I forget how much extra they charged. -Sichuan Dan Dan Mien $15.99 (I believe we ordered this with the knife-shredded noodles to change it up a bit.) -Beijing Pancake Wrap with Cilantro (1) (Beef or Honey BBQ Pork) $8.99 (We opted for Beef, and if I remember correctly we all enjoyed it.)I know I'm missing a few dishes, but I think it's safe to say that I pretty much ordered something from each section/ category on the menu. We ate "family style" and shared so everyone gets more choices, making this review easier. The food portions were fair, the food didn't taste bad, but it was more Americanized to be completely honest. I can see why the reviews for this restaurant is all over the place; it is overpriced, and didn't taste necessarily "authentic". Service wise: We were seated quickly, and the servers were friendly and attentive. Overall, it's a nice concept, but not a restaurant I'd ever crave. I do agree with other reviews that it's overpriced, but again, we are talking about Vegas. Everything is overpriced in Vegas.. maybe we're paying for the experience. Will I return, possibly, but it wouldn't be my choice. I'd go if someone else wanted to eat there. Personally, I'd rather eat at Bacchanal Buffet next door because there's definitely something for everyone, at one set price.
4	Date & Time:  Friday January 29, 2014 @ 1pmLocation:  Caesars PalaceDining Companions:  Mommy & HusbandScene:  Small Groups in Fur Vests, Jeans + Knee-High BootsDecor:  All White Banquettes, Tables & Noodle BarService:  Drop Dead Gorgeous Hostesses & Nice, Efficient Servers  Imbibe:  Hot Soy Bean MilkDevour:  Beijing Buns, Shanghai Dumplings, Hand-Pulled Noodles, Knife-Cut NoodlesTotal:  $68
5	Just when we couldn't take one more buffet, there was Beijing noodle co. I usually come to a restaurant for the food, but the decor here is fabulous!  Hard to describe dimensional wall treatments, white white white with red lanterns.  Bright and lovely, great to get away from dingy casino lighting.Food was top notch.  We had spicy dan dan noodle, steamed dumplings, and the BBQ pork pancake.  All first rate, and loaded with flavor...spicy, but not palate-deadening,   Pancake was authentic as all get out ...just like I've tasted on street corners of TaiPei.  Dumplings weren't to my taste, but hubby happily scarfed them down.Great fun watching the chefs make home made noodles.  No wonder they were so fresh and fluffy.  Dinner for two with no alcohol $40. A steal, especially in a strip hotel.Highly recommend.
1	Food is below average, expensive, and a small cup of steamed rice is a $4 add on. Do not recommend.
4	This place would for sure be 5 stars were it not for the prices. I understand that it is in Caesar's so you'll pay a premium, but still. Make up for it with bigger portions. We ordered the hot and sour soup. Flavor was great, but it was a little thinner than I like. More corn starch please. The spicy beef noodle soup was perfect. Literally perfect. Sit at the counter so you can watch them cook and make friends with the people back there. There was one tall dude that was really cool. He scrounged around to get me a free dessert (mango tapioca) because it was my birthday. :)
4	My friend Ed recommended I come here, and he's a real Chinese food expert, being a great cook and traveler. Our chow mein and egg drop soup were delicious, albeit a little overpriced. They have a quick operation and a million excellent gold fish tanks. Definitely a must for Ceasar's Palace.
4	The place has so much stuff going on! Aquariums, goldfish, crazy ceilings, etc. But when it comes to hand pulled noodles they're high in my charts.I had the chicken and mushroom sauced hand pulled noodle and it was so flavorful and the noodles were chewy and cooked to perfection. I loved everything about it, reminded me of korean jjajangmyun but more of a american gravy taste twist to it.My friends had the chicken soup noodle dish and I can't remember if that was the correct name but it was so good!!!!!!! If you're hung over that is the ultimate soup!!! Just be ready for a nap afterwards!
3	Food is great here. I had the soup dumplings that were really good. I also ordered a noodle soup which was amazing. My parents ordered a second order to bring up to their room they liked it so much. What brings it down to 3 stars only? The staff was horrendous. Not just one person but everyone involved. The restaurant was quiet when we arrived. Yet, the hostess made everyone wait for tables (empty ones that she later sat them at anyways). My parents are 7 Star (aka they usually get to skip the lines) and she told us that she'd sit us next, nope, she didn't. She sat others next, which was fine if they didn't wait forever also to be seated.She often disappeared into the restaurant and customers were just waiting outside like, "Where the hell did she go?"  Then when we sat down, the waiter wasn't too polite either. He sometimes talked back to my parents just because my mom wanted to make sure he used the hand pull noodles and not the other kind. He replied with, "WELL DUH." Um thanks dude.I often give staff the benefit of the doubt but I wouldn't return to here especially when there are SO many options in Vegas especially inside Caesars alone. And much better staff elsewhere.
4	I loved the hand-pulled noodles here. The prices are as reasonable as you're going to find on the strip, and the restaurant itself is very beautiful and inviting. The menu is a bit more adventurous than you usually find in a Chinese restaurant. I was really happy I ate here.
1	If I didn't fast all day to go to Bacchanal buffet as soon as I arrive in LV, and found out the waiting is for 5 hours, I would hate myself even accidentally dining in here. Even this place, I had to be in line for more than 30 minutes to sit at the bar. I ordered a shrimp chow mein and salt and pepper chicken because I didn't want to read the thick booklet menu. I chose panda express style items and expected the taste as panda's as well. I was starving enough to appreciate if the food was editable.While i was waiting for my food, i was watching the noodle soup open kitchen. An old man was non stop making hot noodle soup. The way he cuts the noodle with his long finger nails, the way he dips his thumb in the soup, the way he touches order paper, wet towel, and food back and forth, I was loosing my appetite already.I finally got my food, the cold bread crumb sized fried chicken pieces tossed in sodium spice. Seriously, garnished green onion pieces were bigger than the chicken pieces. Also the chow mein was served cold, soaked in oil. It has been a great while, having this nasty chinese food since I was in college. And later that night, I had a stomache, and I threw up. Oh wow, thinking about this place makes me feel like throwing up again...
3	2.5 stars is more like it.  The woman wanted asian cuisine and we were staying at Caesar's.  She ordered dim sum and soup.  The dim sum and soup was just okay at best.  Why my woman would want to eat asian cuisine even though she knows its not good is beyond me.  We've eaten here before with the same results.
5	Amazing food!!!! The service was fast and friendly. A must if you like Asian cuisine.
2	Came for a quick lunch. It was not busy but the hostess was not at her post. I had to wait around, wondering where she was. Finally she came to get me and seated me next to a very rowdy Chinese family. I received a glass of water and I placed my order. I ordered the chicken and seasonal vegetables. She brought me over a fork and set it down without a word. I tend to get a little irritated at that, because I'm a white person, I'm an ignorant who can't use chopsticks? The food came out ridiculously fast but I was a bit leery the chicken was undercooked. It tasted okay and I never got sick but it didn't seem particularly well done. Similarly, the vegetables were cut a bit haphazardly. Typically, vegetables are cut small enough to easily pick them up with chopsticks. These vegetables were left in unmanageable chunks. On top of that, I never actually got a plate. I just ate off the serving dish because no one bothered to give me one or check on me.
5	If you are looking for real Chinese food this is the place. This isn't pf changs - it uber authentic. Hands down my favorite Chinese restaurant in Vegas. Spicy perfection.
1	We were enticed by the modern decor. And also the much longer wait at the buffet in the hotel. The staff was unprofessional. They took a while to take the order, and then they brought out the main dishes way before our appetizers ever arrived. No one came by for a drink refill etc. The food itself was meh. We ordered crispy shredded beef, chicken fried rice and shrimp lo chow mein. DO NOT order the shredded beef.
4	Food was very authentic, service was great.  The ambience was also fantastic. Will be going back for sure.
1	Well tasted good but I got food poisoning.  Positive it was there, only thing I ate and the timing was right.  Im a hotel guest, very disappointing!!  Hope I feel better soon!
3	8 of us just finished eating here.  Service was very friendly, prices were definitely reasonable, and we all really enjoyed our meals. I would come back again for sure!Unfortunately I didn't snap any photos of our food, but here are a few of the place.
4	Food is excellent!! Had to wait 20 minutes on a Saturday but worth it!! Now service was fair they kind of take their sweet time but made up for it with the food!!   This place is soo cool!! All white it is decorated as if inside a bird's nest. ThereThe front if the restaurant is for the I guess I'll call regular eating. Then the back is for the Hot Pot at the table. Kind if like shabu shabu.   Now the food part. Appetizer Beijing Soup Dumplings and Beef and Honey BBQ Pork pancake. Like the pancake more. Then entree I had Beef Brisket Soup with hand noodles and Husband had Stir Fry Lamb with cumin and brown rice. My son had steamed BBQ Pork buns 2 orders he loved it. So, overall casual place with great food!!  So, come in and  enjoy.  Also,  noodles are hand tossed. Amazing to watch while you wait to be seated.
1	Overpriced Chinese food.  Not really the quality I expected from a place inside the Caesar Palace.   The food is pretty much tasteless.  Great ambiance unfortunately, that is what you are paying for. My advice, try something else. Great if you never had good Chinese before.  I have had Chine fast food that tastes better then this.
3	I was excited to try this place because you can see noodles being made from the casino area, and I was intrigued by the potential. I got chicken lo mein with a sauce recommended by the waiter. I found it kind of bland, and oily. The ambience is cool though. If I were to return, I'd have to pick something I know I'd like.
4	I am surprised this place has gotten such low rating!I can't speak for every dish but I tried their dumplings and hand-pulled mushroom noodles! The dumplings were ok but the noodles were AMAZING!!! They have a world class noodle chef! He pulls noodles competitively which probably explains why they are so delicious. Pulling noodles is an art! Just like making sushi! Good noodles are so hard to find these days... and  Beijing Noodle No. 9 hit the spot! Other fun fact - the interior deco of the restaurant was supposedly designed by the same guy who did the "bird nest" National Stadium in Beijing.
2	Disappointed in the potstickers. They were doughy & uncooked on one side. Sent them back explaining how they were underdone. Was asked if we wanted them refried & as an afterthought if we wanted a new order. My bad, I said cook again. Still doughy and extremely greasy. And needed salt. 2 other dishes were okay (shrimp & cabbage dumpling & cold shredded chicken w/house dressing - watch out for tiny bones).   Perhaps noodle dishes would be better.
3	Ah the rare case of me randomly going to a restaurant with someone and checking Yelp only afterwards to discover that it's 2 stars!The service was a little weird. First of all, the 2 of us had no idea what the host was saying at all. Later, my lunch companion got his soup at least 10 min before I got mine. He seemed to like his. I got the duck meat soup with rice noodles. I don't think the noodles were fully cooked. The broth was good, the duck meat that I fished out was good. There was questionable green stuff floating in my soup which was really salty and might have been seaweed or something.Obviously, the place wasn't cheap (Caesar's Palace!). Walk out of the hotel and go somewhere else!
1	I did not have the opportunity to try the food and thank God! When we requested to have a untaken table, full of left over food and dirty dishes, we do not mind waiting, the Chinese hostess told us to wait outside and she cannot be bothered to get someone to clear that table! By the sight of tables full of left over food and dirty dishes really turn me off. If there's a half star, this place definitely deserved it!
4	I came to Beijing Noodle #9 after a day of shopping at The Forum Shops at Caesars.  I was definitely in the mood for some delicious Chinese food, and I didn't leave disappointed.  The decor is stunning.  Modern and stark white with some pretty cool fish tanks as you arrive. My friends and I ordered the spring rolls with a sweet & sour dipping sauce.  The rolls were fried to crispy golden perfection, the sauce was delicious as well. Along with the spring rolls we ordered pan fried dumplings. They were filled with  flavorful pork and fried perfectly.  For our main courses we ordered Mongolian Beef, which came with steamed white rice.  The beef was tender and the vegetables that it came with were fresh. This was probably my favorite thing I ate.  The rice was a small portion, I would have liked more rice with my meal, I don't remember if they charged for more rice..... But, I'm sure the helpful waitresses would get you more if you asked..... The combo Chow Mein was equally as good, lots of vegetables, meat and had the perfect amount of saltiness. Overall I had a great experience.... Shout out to Chris the Assistant Manager, he's a rockstar. Prices are on the average to expensive side, nothing out of the ordinary for Las Vegas Strip prices though...Use your Total Rewards card for discount. I will definitely be back!Side note:  This restaurant doesn't deserve the 2.5 stars it currently has.
5	HOLY cow...Was in Vegas for a conference. I had 2 meals there in one day & then went back twice in 2 days. Dim sum is pretty good. Stir fried Lobster is pretty yummy. My FAV thing on the menu is the XO Hand pull Noodle. Being part Asian, this stuff is done perfectly. Nothing is to 'Americanized'Wish they had one in the Bay area.
1	Should have looked at the reviews first, but were walking from the pool and it sounded good.  We were wrong!  I sent my crispy chicken in tasteless sauce back.  The chicken was either over cooked or frozen, depending on piece.  Chicken chow mein and general tso's chicken were both awful!  Portions are tiny and price is way too high.  We all left feeling very unsatisfied and maybe a bit sick.  There are plenty of really good Chinese and Thai places that will deliver to Caesars, which cost much less and have better food.  Stay away from this place.
2	It's very very very bland. I'm speechless at how mediocre the food is here. The noodles are indeed hand made and taste very fresh but there is almost zero flavor with any of the food they offered in their large menu. And I'm not some white dude judging Eastern food from a Western palate. I love Chinese food. At it's worst, Chinese food can at least be salty. This food lacked anything. It was like eating nothing. They brought out sriracha and everyone at our table used copious amounts of it to add anything to it.We had a large group of 9 people and shared a big table with a lazy Susan and were sampling a lot of things. The soups, the plates of varying kinds of chicken and beef offerings, it was extremely bland. I've never had Chinese food not taste like anything. It was like eating air.The goldfish tanks are neat. Just don't eat.
3	Food is good, they make food on order, the best item I liked was the chicken chow mein, tired beef noodle soup, didn't care of that dish too much. Super fast service and friendly waiters.
3	Thought this place was pretty good but I have had better.  My friend ordered the brisket noodle dish and felt that all the meat was fatty and didn't it any of if.  However, the broth and noodles were tasty.  I did enjoy the steamed shrimp dumplings...they were very good.
1	I saw the reviews, but figured I'll take a chance because of all the pretty goldfish tanks. I regret not listening to the reviews. Food was on the expensive side, but only mediocre. I've had better at mall food courts, but maybe this place is healthier or something. Waitstaff seemed pleasant, however seemed unknowledgable about the menu and were slow. I asked for a recommendation and the waiter just kind of struggled. Food came out irregular and slow, which was odd considering half the room was empty. My dad got the duck soup which came out first. He finished eating the soup, and then we sat and waited for everyone else's food to come out. Portions were small, no one in my family came out full. Also rice is not included on entrees? And the crab fiasco. My mom wanted to get the crab but we wanted to check the market price. We asked the same waiter and everyone at the table all heard $16.99. When we got the bill it was $59.99. To be fair there was a possibility that we heard the waiter wrong (plus he had an accent), but I doubt it. Looking back I was more shocked than upset, but the crab price was just a "nice" topping to a bad dinner and service. We felt we were deceived and now this mediocre dinner was definitely not worth it. I talked to the manager and she was quite understanding and took off some of the price of the crab. When signing the bill, she had to clean off the table so I had space to put down the bill, just to show how incompetent the waiters were. This place was a waste of time and money. Pleasant decor though.
1	Food was worse than cheap Chinese takeout... And the price is around 15-30 a dish.   I felt cheated after eating tasteless, salty food and dropping 100 that should have costed us 20 tops with better food.  Service... We had to ask like 5 times before they came to take order.  Nobody came to ask if we needed water until our first order came like 10 mins before everybody else's order and appetizer came with rest of other others...
2	The only reason I'm giving them two stars is because of atmosphere and location.   If it was based on how much I enjoyed the food, it would be one star.   I have had better food from the noodle bowl places in strip malls.   Panda Express would be rated higher than this.
3	Food was overpriced and average. I would go somewhere else for better Chinese food. Plus the service is pretty slow and bad here. Didn't ask us for water or tea. The reception girl has a b face and it looks like she is using the restaurant as her catwalk.
1	Service was so bad we had to beg them to take the check to pay.If u want to learn how not to run your restaurant, take a seat here and order water. Itll take 30 minutes.
2	Too pricey for the kind of food they have. Any mom and pop Chinese place makes the same dishes (maybe even better). The noodles were good other then that I will not be coming back.  PF Changs am never leaving you again!
1	We searched for this place for hours and unfortunately it wasn't worth the search. We waited 20 minutes and were seated in the middle of an intensely bright white room. The television was on a novela with no sound, I'm sure it was earlier on a World Cup game but still weird. We ordered pot stickers, mushu pork, and chicken fried rice. Pot stickers took forever, we were warned about that but still. They were ok, nothing special or great. Mushu pork and rice was gross, I only ate it because I was starving. The meat was just blah. I'm ok with different, which is was from Chinese food I've ate before, but this didn't even taste good at all. The waiter wasn't helpful or friendly and rarely checked on us. Don't waste time going here.
2	The webpage for this restaurant has a splash photo that depicts two Asian women sitting in front of the chef's counter, toasting their drinks with merriment to what is ostensibly the start of a night filled with mega turnt #selfies in "Vegas, bitches!"Then you notice some shit.You notice the presence of the uncanny valley, eerily tucked into the botox-frozen veneers of the two silicone enhanced, Bebe-minidress-bedecked Chinese fembots. You notice that for some reason these Stepford wifeys have five neon-colored drinks set out for just two neon-colored people. You notice the chef, with his dead mackerel eyes and creepy, all-upper-teeth grin looks EXACTLY LIKE THE DUDE LO PAN FROM "BIG TROUBLE IN LITTLE CHINA" and is pulling apart what are supposed to be some tasty noodles but are CLEARLY the pearly white remnants of an immigrant culture's broken dreams.BUT broken dreams are what Vegas is made of, amirite? Our server said to us, "people come here because they like the experience of a real Hong Kong style restaurant" and I was like NAH YO I checked that privilege at the door when I saw the Chun Li waitress costumes and $20 price tag for a bowl of congee. Fuckouttahere with that. BUT when you're eyeballs-deep in a hangover after one too many mega turnt #selfies from the night before, that congee and a pot of jasmine tea is a godsend, even if you're getting price gouged in a tweaker's funhouse version of a real Chinese restaurant. Vegas, bitches!
4	First time here and I was extremely impressed with their hospitality.  The wait was about 20 minutes and while we waited the hostess came around and offered us cold water bottles to quench our thirst.  Once seated our waiter was quick to take our order and served our drinks promptly. The ambience was enjoyable and our food was served within minutes.  The only down side is the portions are small but overall great service!
3	This restaurant a 3.5, just slightly more than average. The food is delicious, you'll love it if you are craving for some authentic Chinese food. The service is good but don't expect excellence. I like the atmosphere here: casual dinning, unique interior design, hundreds of gold fishes swimming around in the front entrance where you can also watch the chef cook and make the noodles from scratch.  If you're not total rewards Diamond or above member, it's probably not worth the wait when they are busy. Overall great, good food.
2	I just read some reviews that completely match my experience of Beijing Noodle # 9--great service, great decore, but very average food, and insanely inflated prices. This may be why we had no wait for a table, at all. The Beijing style hand pulled noodle with beef was fine but really it did not possess much depth of flavor. I loved the Spicy fish the waiter recommended, and I also liked Buddha beer, which I hadn't tried before, but neither was different from what I'd find elsewhere for half the price.  So, if you're here and you really want this food and you can't just drive over to Spring Mountain, i guess go here, but be warned.
1	Don't be lured in by the trippy decor and fish in walls. It's a trap.This experience was one of the strangest I've encountered. I don't think anyone spoke full English, the service was so bad it was funny, overpriced takeout...my food came out at least 15 mins after the rest of my party--no apologies or real acknowledgement of the situation.I am pretty laid back but I honestly can't find a good think to say about this place except the fabulous decor.Sorry guys, step up your game!
2	Physically, this place is beautiful. Im obsessed with the ceilings. The food was ok.I go to the SGV for chinese food fairly often so of course that was my comparison. We ordered the soup dumplings here and that was it for me. Once i tried those, i knew the other food wouldn't be great. In all honesty, i don't remember what else we had. I'd save your meal for another spot in Las Vegas. There are a lot of other spots to try.
3	first time i tried it was for take out. Got the salt and pepper chicken. was very good. also got black bean spare ribs from the dim sum menu. also steam bbq pork bun. too sweet. 2nd time i ate in with the gf. service was slow on the dim sum. a small bowl of soup for 9.99 is outrageous. i mean i understand its Vegas but the portion was size for a toddler. Anyways price overall is a little cheaper then other chinese spots in vegas. Overall if you are at Caesars Palace and need some chinese food late at night  that includes some dim sum dishes, this place to go.
4	Surprised to see the negative reviews. This is one of my favorite Vegas places. Great food and I've never had service issues there and I've eaten there maybe a dozen times. If you're skeptical, take a chance and go. I've never had a bad experience.I especially recommend the mini wontons in hot chili oil appetizer and the eggplant in szechuan garlic sauce entree. Service is accurate and prompt.A reservation is not a bad idea for a large party, but my wife and I walked in at 645 on a Saturday night and got a table right away.
1	We stopped in here while waiting to get into the Bacchanal Buffet. The hostess took us to a table and said someone would be with us shortly. Weird ceiling and walls. After waiting for 45 minutes, no one had come to our table to take our order. We searched the menu and walls for any instructions that we weren't aware of, but there was nothing to indicate that we were to do anything but wait for someone to come to our table and take our order. We poured over the menu over and over, they seemed to have some exceptional and expensive dishes ($161.00 for some Kobe Beef), but no one came, so after 45 minute of waiting, we left and went to an ice cream place.
1	Overpriced Chinese food with little to no spices. 12$ for 4 steam dumplings that tasted bleh.   Great atmosphere ok customer service but out of three dishes ordered none was good. Total disappointment. The asian food was better at planet hollywoods buffet. Big disappointment. Wont be back.
5	Love this place.  The noodle dishes never disappoint.  Tried the crispy beef this time and would definitely get it again.  The staff is attentive.   The atmosphere here is great.
5	One of my favorite places in Vegas. When I go with a group we tell the wait staff to order for us and they do a great job.
2	The food was okay.  I thought the service was great and the restaurant looked awesome.  However, we went here because it was supposed to be one of the cheaper restaurants and the quality didn't match the price.  I've had far better Chinese for less.  I realize it's Vegas, so it should be more expensive.. However, we went to Sushi Roku about 5 months ago, also at Caesars Palace, and spent about the same amount and it was far better food and a nicer looking restaurant.
1	The fried rice is supposed to have shredded pork, beef, chicken and shrimp. I only found 3 pieces of chicken. The chicken and mushroom with hand pull noodle only had 1 mushroom and no chicken. There was something hard the size of a dime that was so dark and hard that might have been a piece of chicken. The beef with hand pull noodle tasted delicious, but there was no beef only gristle. Two thumbs down.
1	Great decoration, the gold fishes in the huge tanks in the entry are really cool. The cool playing with his noodles is great animation. BUT when it comes to the food, it's not the same story maybe it was too "Chinese food" for us. Hubby took roasted duck, but there was not much meat but lots of bones to chew on. Daughter took a slightly spicy (they say) beef with hand pull noodles that burned her mouth. I was luck with the safe chicken and mushrooms and hand pull noodles. Basically, we will not come back never ever! Take pictures, but go eat somewhere else.
1	The service is so poor, and I waited about 6 minutes to order my foods.  Then every 15 minutes I got one dish! How can you believe that! All my lunch time was waiting! No apology and explain!
1	Really disappointed with the service and attitude here.  We had a group of eight and were ready to enjoy the evening but surly waiter and lack of service was awful.  Drinks never got refilled and no one even asked if we wanted more,  several dishes never arrived, and when we were told our waiter was on  a break, he was across the restaurant with another group.  There were at least two other large groups that arrived after we did who were served well before us.  The dumplings and   beef were great but that was not enough to save the experience
5	Tried this while staying at Caesars in Vegas and it was prolly best food and price of trip. I had the spicy dan dan mein noodle and it was terrific. Noodles were perfect and dish was spicy. Also ordered crispy pancakes and enjoyed as well. Priced well here and prompt service. Other reviews state how service was bad...I guess it may depend on time and day but this was at 9 pm on Saturday. If staying at Caesars I highly recommend trying this place.
4	Have been here before, but did not write a review.  The decor is beautiful, it makes you feel as if you were under the water.  The wait/host staff are a little austere but efficient.  The food is the star.  The DanDan Mien is flavorful with just the right amount of spice, the BBQ platter was cooked perfectly - pork, duck and chicken all juicy and delicious.  We also ordered the eggplant and string beans which were tender and succulent (not soggy in the sauce at all)!  An incredible meal and great cocktails!
5	Great food and atmosphere.. Love the decor, the steamed BBQ pork buns, I got BBQ platter with duck, pork, and chicken...
5	Have been here before, but did not write a review.  The decor is beautiful! hostess are efficient, and very Helpful, Must have a Reservation, they are always Busy, The food is the star, Delicioso! An incredible meal and unique cocktails! Lemonade please try that, Just enjoy the Food, don't pay attention to the negative comments, we all have different taste, go see it for yourself!
5	Authentic Chinese food in Las Vegas? Hell yeah!Rule of thumb, a Chinese restaurant isn't authentic if the service is great, and even the service here is pretty authentically bad! Still above average for a Chinese restaurant though! Also, I was also pretty excited about my visit to Bejing Noodle No. 9 because your typical authentic Chinese restaurant resembles a hole in the wall, but this place is really REALLY nice inside! Of course its the strip on Las Vegas, everything is nice inside!I couldn't believe that my girlfriend, a Chinese native, when on vacation from our San Francisco suburb where most of the good food is Asian to come to Las Vegas to eat MORE CHINESE FOOD. The prices aren't great but then again, that's a recurring theme if eating on the Las Vegas strip. These prices would never be acceptable if you found this restaurant outside of Las Vegas, but it works here on the strip. As far as the food goes, it's pretty fucking good! Any place that serves hand pressed noodles, barring any major setbacks is automatically four stars in my book. To take this even further they even have a prep chef you can see from outside the restaurant through a window hand pressing the noodles like some sort of culinary show.My girlfriend ordered beef noodle soup and Xiao Long Bao and it was pretty bomb, I really didn't expect to find such good Chinese food in Las Vegas. I splurged and went for the $30 duck meat fried rice, which was the best fried rice I've ever had. And for $30 it better damn well be. I also ordered the Shu Mai which was actually pretty average by San Francisco standards, but still hit the spot. Also, this place gets bonus points for using real tea leaves in their tea. We ordered the Pu'er tea and drank all of it!If your comfort food is xiao long bao, xiao mai and beef noodle soup and you're in Vegas you should check this place out. If the extent of your Chinese food experience is Panda Express and kung pao chicken you should also check this place out so you can get a glimpse of authentic Chinese food.
5	I've been here twice and loved anything we ordered. Authentic Chinese food that reminds me of grandma's cooking. The liang mien, beef noodle soup, dumplings, pork belly hot pot, and cold platter were all delicious.
1	The beef noodle is terrible. It is fake beef noodle. The soup of beef noodle taste like adding too much water.
3	From the moment I saw this place I knew I wanted to try it. I'm a big fan of noodles so I needed to try it out. This place was nicely decorated with fish tanks and an elaborate wall design. It looked clean and modern. But, the wait time was unbearable. If I knew I'd be waiting almost an hour to get seated I would have made reservations. But other than that, the food was good. Nothing really spectacular about the flavors. We ordered the spicy chicken cubes, honey BBQ pork bejing pancake wrap with cilantro and chicken and mushroom with hand pull noodle. Everything we tried had standard Chinese sauces except for the pancake wrap. The honey BBQ pork bejing pancake wrap was my favorite of the bunch. It had nice a nice mix of flavors with the sweetness of the BBQ pork with the herby freshness from the cilantro.
4	Pros: for a Chinese place, the food is exceedingly good (at least the Kung pow chicken and dumplings we ordered were). The hand pulled noodles are delicious. If you enjoy hot and spicy food, this place is for you.Cons: the service is lacking. The price is a little high, but what isn't on the Las Vegas strip?Overall: I will defiantly come back again.
2	Food was ok. Service is terrible just as all the other reviews have indicated. All the people that work here look like they hate their lives and their jobs.Prices were also high, but this was expected as the restaurant is inside a major hotel. The honey pork pancake wrap was pretty good. The chicken lomein was a little bland.  Overall, we wouldn't eat here again. But for a convenient location, it wasn't that bad.
3	The handmade noodles here were amazing   I have to say our entire group was not excited to go here but we had limited time before a show   Ended up living it   Was one if our best meals all around in Vegas    Would give it a 4 star but service was spotty some great vegetarian options
4	I ordered take out. Got an order of Chinese onion pancake and a beef wrap. They were pretty good. The onion pancakes could be crispier, but not bad at all, pretty authentic. I felt like I was taking chances here with other reviews, but their wraps were tasty and worth coming back for! Although I have to admit, there is so much food to explore and try in Vegas at all price points, I only came here because I was hungry and needed something right then and there. I lucked out!
2	Good soups, shitty service. Possibly the worst service I have ever head. The hostess is more concern with her hair the actually taking care of costumers. The price is high as well for what you getting. It's a shame, because the food is actually tasty.
3	Tried the restaurant tonight,  they were  not busy at 7.00pm. The hostess was very attentive and gave us a seat was  quietWe ordered an appetizer which  looked like a small rolled taco with honey barbecue  Pork slices .The pork slices were over cooked and dry and did not have any flavor . The wrap was also overcooked. We then tried their fresh noodles with braised beef. This was a little better the beef again a little over cooked and did not have the same taste as we are used to .We then had their egg noodles with duck . The noodles were nice and fresh. However their were little to no vegables.  The server was attentive.  .but all together very disappointed
5	My husband and I were hesitant about going here after reading the reviews on the customer service. However, the hostesses and waiters were all friendly.Also, the food was super good. You could tell the noodles were made fresh right there. We sat at the bar, so it was fun watching them manipulate the noodle dough.The only thing is if you sit there, you will be close to the banging of the dough on the counter. The noise can get piercing, but it's worth watching.
2	Bang for your buck there are places in Chinatown, the Rio and Gold Coast that would provide a similar quality dish at a more reasonable price. The ambiance is definitely trendy and the food comes out freakishly fast and freakishly out of order. We placed an order for two items only since we happen on this by chance and it was a late brunch tie-me-over than a proper meal. The items ordered were Steam BBQ pork buns and a Kung Pow Chicken.Kung Pow Chicken came within 7 minutes if ordering. Freakishly fast. While the BBQ Pork buns.... I am still waiting for them as I write this review with an empty plate in front of me from the chicken.
4	This place is really good. Food has lots of flavor and was packed when I arrived to meet guest. I didn't experience any bad customer service as was stated in the previous post. I will go back for sure next time I visit Vegas
2	The food here is not bad I would give it three and half to four star on the food. The service however is horrible probably one star. I still eat here quite a bit because I play at Caesars. Some of my favorite is the duck shredded noodle soup and the Shanghai steamed dumplings.
5	I had stayed at Caesars Palace and wanted to dine somewhere close. I dined here twice. I had the beef brisket noodle soup, shrimp dumplings, and Hainan chicken and rice (my favorite). They were delicious. Service was excellent. Yes, it is pricey but I had expected it because of its location.
3	Yum! Yum! My rating is solely on the FOOD and not the service. I wish Yelp created a different feature so you can rate topics individually. As far as the food, it was very delicious. So many things to choose from. We ordered the vegetable noodle soup, chicken chow mein, Mongolian beef and the cucumber garlic appetizer. Everything was tasty. Now as far as the SERVICE, it sucked! couldn't get any worse. The female hostess have no interest in helping you and there is a big sign in the front that says "allow the hostess to sit or check you in". Something of that sort. However, there is no smile, no welcome, no nothing. Maybe it's a cultural thing............maybe not since I'm familiar with the culture and it's nothing like how we saw. We finally sat and was greeted by a nice gentleman. Sure he was nice, and took our order but after that, we never saw him again. Literally.......No one ever came to refill our drinks, ask us how our meal was, bring us napkins, straw, our bill? We had to track down everyone for things...All the negative reviews of this place say the same thing. The level of service is awful. Caesars Palace needs to do something about it. Think about it..............
2	Honestly, I would have preferred Ramen noodles.  My wife and I were intrigued by the hand twisted noodles, but as far as taste goes there was nothing special.  Food was plain and boring.  I had been meaning to go to this place every time I was in Vegas because I love the restaurants in Caesar's.  Needless to say I was highly disappointed by this one.  Service was ok, but they took forever to bring us our rice, which we ended up canceling because of the noodles.  Great concept, poor result.
1	I ordered two things for take out to bring back to my room. The chicken mushroom noodles were bad and the steamed pork buns were worse. I would say the buns were borderline inedible. The service was fast enough, but it is expensive and not worth it.
3	I was ravenous when I got off the plane at the Vegas Airport. Being starving late at night in Vegas when you need to wake up early and not break your bank is a rough place! So, when I checked into Caesar's I walked a few steps towards the palace tower, saw this joint and committed. I asked for the bar, which she suggested I do a table (weird) so table it was! My waiter was prompt and my food came quickly as well. The food looked like it was going to taste greasey and bland. It lived up to my expectations. The tofu was prepared okay, but this claimed vegetarian dish has a sauce that reminda me of the congealed fat when you store pot roast at a cold temperature. Everyone in the restaurant seemed about just enthused as me. Had I not been starving and had this meal not been $25 pre tip, I may have just nibbled. I would not really suggest anyone try it.
4	Wow this place is freakin cool looking!My waitress was excellent. Very kind. The dumplings I got for an appetizer were okay. If you don't prefer crispy to chewy like I do, you might love them. My noodles were awesome! A great place with amazing decor and a cool environment.
1	Replace the cook. Pretty bad service ("we don't have fried vegetables as a side order"). Crispy duck was fatty, bony and raw (waitress exchanged it with spicy chicken which was oversalted). It is also unreasonably expensive. In one word: avoid.
2	I liked the atmosphere and the decor, the design of the menu. What I didn't care for was the subpar quality of food and the ridiculous prices for very basic, easy to make dishes.The front end hostesses were really cute, but in general service wasn't very friendly.We had a party of nine, but right from the start they told us they couldn't split the check for each of us and could only do it four ways, so we had to improvise. Will probably not return.
1	If YOU Don't have a SEVEN STARS or a DIAMOND CARD. Expect a Very Long Wait..!! They DO NOT Cater and are NOT Welcoming to People who are trying the Establishment for the First Time. LUCY, who I believe might be the manager (hostess) kept telling us different things. We were a party of 12. One minute we have a Table and next minute, We DON'T..!! Our Tables were taken by a Seven Stars or Diamond Card Holder.. THE FOOD WAS NOT WORTH IT..!!!!!The Wait or the Lies Left a Bad Taste in My Mouth..!! I Don't Think I Will Be Coming Back... :(
1	Is it worth the long wait: NOT AT ALLSo disappointed with this place. Really expensive and the flavors are very bland. We got the Beijing zha jiang noodles, eggplant noodles, and beef noodles. None of them were good or worth the money. The soup dumplings were better but still mediocre. The Panda Express across the street even tasted better. I will not be coming back or recommending this place to others.
3	I am very surprised by the number of poor reviews for Beijing Noodle. This is a very authentic Chinese restaurant and there are no P.F. Changish dishes going on here so maybe that's part of the problem. I am only knocking it down from 4 to 3 stars because the service( even for a Chinese place) is challenging and in true fashion it's hard to get away from the MSG here.  Some general notes-observations that may help:To get real hand pulled noodles is such a treat!  Quality takes time and costs a bit more plus Beijing Noodle No. 9 is in Caesars Palace- not Circus Circus. Do the math.   This is the kind of place you just need to time correctly to get the most out of your meal and to  suffer the least amount of aggravation.  During the peak lunch and dinner hours expect to wait for both seating and your meal. If you are down for waiting for the real deal then this is it, yes Chinatown is cheaper, but again you are in the "Palace" and the convenience and surroundings are unbeatable. If you can heed the tips above and want some authentic and satisfying Chinese freshly pulled noodles then your patience will likely be rewarded.   Beef with Hand Pull Noodle -sensational and complex beef flavor.Not all that spicy a advertised.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/beijing-noodle-no-9-las-vegas?select=0cF8oXG-7lgsrwULlNGENQ#0cF8oXG-7lgsrwULlNGENQThe XO sauce works well with the velvety noodles but the MSG is a bummer for me. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/beijing-noodle-no-9-las-vegas?select=0cF8oXG-7lgsrwULlNGENQ#7AfT3oZKnjLMKGoKCi4PowAsparagus and Scallop in XO sauce- well executed by not my favorite of the lot. The scallops were a tad sandy and that is always a no-no. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/beijing-noodle-no-9-las-vegas?select=0cF8oXG-7lgsrwULlNGENQ#8Owy1p3ypoKRr1UGOB8ugwThe pulled noodles are as good as I anything I can remember from Hong Kong or Macau. The star of the establishment are the noodles, it's a noodle house dressed in a fancy box at Caesars. Translation, don't expect a sauce or broth bomb. You are getting exactly what they are advertising. I for one have enjoyed this place on several occasions. Don't go there when you are super famished or you will just go nuts with the process.  I for one will go back and enjoy their fine fare again, patience in hand.
2	Definitely not worth the wait as many have posted.  The place is new, and the quality of the service and organization reflects it.  However, this is Las Vegas, and one would expect experienced management to be running the place to ensure that tables are quickly seated and turned over.  We waited in line for about 40 minutes.  BTW:  Even the gold, platinum, whatever members of the casino in their own line were kept waiting.Okay, first of all the furnishings:  guess there was a special at Ikea because the chairs were you typical plastic, Ikea, collegiate dorm seats.  The restaurant is noisy.  After sitting there for about 15 minutes, our server took our order.  Waited another 15 minutes for it to come out.  We ordered the soup bow (6/$12) and the Beijing Zhia Jiang hand-pulled noodles ($18).  The soup bows were luke-warm and chewy.  The hand-pulled noodle dish was also luke-warm, very bland (even we had to add some chili sauce!) and very skimpy on the toppings.  By this time, we just want to get out of there.  Took another 15 minutes to get our check and pay.Bottom line:  Combined 90 minutes of waiting for about 10 minutes of luke-warm food.  Maybe after a few more months, it will get better.
3	Not the best Chinese food we have ever eaten, but definitely not the worst  The dim sum dumplings were good.I had the shredded duck noodle bowl which had a nice flavor.  My husband had the noodle bowl with beef and turnips this also had a good flavor.Atmosphere is a little on the loud side.
4	Let me preface this review by saying that I love noodles, especially fresh handmade noodles.  Yes, the wait can be long and the service somewhat meh at times.  You really can't knock the noodles.  Some of the best I've had in the US at least.  The knife-cut noodles are the best!
1	If you have choices, do not ever ever come to this place for a meal, because you will regret for that if you do have anything in the place. Waiters acting like f**king cold blood animals, not even mentioning the waiting time is stupid long. Worst place ever! And they're lucky that I can't give zero star to this place, I would definitely give a zero star if I could.
1	service sucks and the food sucks. I don't recommend this restaurant at all. I would never eat here again.
1	Definitely won't go again. We waited 40 minutes for their bad service, bad taste and overpriced! Ordered Beijing Zhajiang Noodle and Lanzhou Pulled Noodle. The toppings were so skimpy on the Beijing one and the noodle tastes almost plain. The broth for the Lanzhou one is also plain. At least more salt please!
5	Good place, there noodles are hand made. Both: ExcelenceThey have dumplings, soup, hotpot, or even just a warm cup of soup. And there desserts are amazing. Many different varieties.
1	Tbh, I came here for brunch with my family since the wait for Bacchanal was over 7 hours long on Christmas. We waited over two hours to get in hoping the food is going to be good since this place was beautifully decorated. I was SOOOOOO wrong. After we got in, we ordered hand-pulled noodles soup thinking that it was this restaurants specialty, the soup noodles (3 beef brisket/ $16 for each + chicken soup noodles) came out cold and we had to finish it bc we were extremely hungry n we were no longer have the energy to wait after the whole day traveling from California to Vegas. The bill came out $75 and it was a waste of time, money and energy. I highly not recommended this place.
1	Trust dont come to this shit place. Food is normal but the service is piece of shit. Noone care about u. I waved my hand like hundreds of times. Some mother fuxker servicer saw but did not care. And this place is very fuxking expensive. FUxk this place. Ruined this Vegas.
1	Yelp can be bought now? Why such a horrible restaurant have so many positive comments? This could be the worst place I have ever been. Let us be real. If you are Chinese, don't come!!! The waiter and the waitress just idle around and do nothing. The management is horrible!! I would never consider coming this place again!!
2	I really wafted between 2 and 3 stars for this place. Both times I went the food was ok, but the service was so incredibly bad, I can't justify giving it more than 2 stars. Also, yes, it is in a hotel, but wow, just wow, was it expensive. Like appallingly so. I don't think I'll go back.
4	I come here whenever I am in Vegas for the noodles. They are delicious. Don't expect great service, however, they are often slow and sometimes impolite. The environment is also a little loud and garish, so I prefer to sit at the bar near where the noodles are. It's a bit quieter there. Despite that, the hand crafted noodles are worth the trip.
