2	Solid Japanese restaurant in the MGM Grand in Las Vegas, Nevada.  Over-the-top pricing ($9.00 for a bottled water!!!), poor service, but above average sushi.  I don't know -- I think I would give other Japanese restaurants in Vegas a shot (like Nobu) before returning here.http://www.mgmgrand.com/pages_html/dining_shibuya.asp
3	I love the way the place looks, and the menu is certainly serviceable. What's not cool, however, is how horrifically bad and unattentive the service here is. If I were eating at the China Star Buffet on the strip and paying 12 bucks for dinner, I wouldn't really care about service. But since I'm paying out my ass for the food and outrageously priced drinks, you'd think my waiter would give a little bit more of a shit.The sushi was fine enough, I guess, and the overpriced vodka cocktail I had was good. My Kobe beef was pretty good, too, but the meat itself wasn't exactly "Kobe" quality. Not a bad place at all, but I've had better, especially at that price.
1	I am so disappointed of this restaurant that I felt compelled to sign up on Yelp and write my first review (and that is saying a lot).  Do not be fooled by this place's decor or expensive prices, the sushi was absolutely bland and unimaginative and the service poor.  The sushi rolls were basic to say the least.  You could buy the same exact roll at the market for a 1/4 of the price.  Although they do have an extensive sake menu, no amount of sake would help the feeling of being ripped off.
1	blowfish sushi in vegas, disguised by a different name.save your money
4	This place is fantastic,    ok the price may not be that great for most people,   but if you dont mind it,  then you must visit Shibuya.    Its been a while since Ive eaten here,  but I got my usual spicytuna rolls spider rolls, and so on.  Everyything was great.  including the Sake,  they gave a great selection of it by the way.    For dessert we had a scoop of sorbet in a martini glass top off with sparkling sake.   MMM  I love this place!!!   Highly recommended!!!!!
4	I went to this restaurant cause I was having a serious craving for some oysters and couldn't leave the hotel cause it was nearing time for my flight home.  Shibuya has a great layout and decor with a huge colorful wall behind a long marble bar where the sushi masters were working hard on their rolls.  However, sadly, when I sat down, our server said they were out of oysters, but luck appeared to be on my side that day as they decided to get them from another restaurant for me. I shoulda gambled that day instead!  Well, the prices aren't extravagant .. (i guess it could always be worse, but it's definitely not cheap) and I was pleasantly surprised with my meal.  lobster miso soup was delicious and the rolls were a decent size, but they weren't exceptional.  They used fresh crab in my rainbow roll and didn't slather on the mayo .... acutally, I don't even think there was any mayo in it.. it was delicious and refreshing and a good alternative if you're at the MGM and don't have time to head out to some place better.
4	Their spicy tuna rolls are enough for me to sign away my first born. Okay, not my first born, but I'll gladly pay whatever I have to to get another taste of them! They were so fresh and I felt like the fish melted in my mouth. I mean, maybe I'm eating sushi that isn't quite so good, but compared to any of the other places I've been in the past, this place has to have the best. I recommend also getting the yellow tail sashimi ... I think when the waiter announced what it was, I didn't think it would taste good, but it did! It tasted like citrus... oh boy.  I wish I tried more stuff, but alas ... so little time.
2	Service here was annoying. Our waitress was either ignoring us or bothering us, rarely helpful. Several simple things I ordered never appeared. We paid 22 for some toro that was good, but not that good. Fine setting, but way too expensive for what you are getting. Look elsewhere.
1	My husband and I had the chef's tasting menu which was so/so.  Kobe beef should not be used in a stew.  Nothing was worth the cost of our meal.  Our waitress was extemely unpleasant and slow.  Save your money and go to Sushi Roku over at Caesars Forum Shops.  You'll get much better food and service for your money.
4	I'm a big fan of tenderized sashimi, so when I tried the toro, I assumed the MGM had a fish masseur in the kitchen, because it was sooo incredible and very good.We just ordered oysters, some nigiri, and more oysters.  I ordered the lycheetini also called house special cocktail, was so good. I was completely surprised to see that their sake wine list was a full on binder with section dividers separating the various regions in Japan.  This binder was the equivalent to my comprehensive notebook from undergrad.
5	I would really like to give Shibuya four and a half stars because its over priced--but that's Vegas.  Otherwise the food was excellent.  Every bite of my seared Akami tuna was blissful.  The tuna was in a nice sweet sauce that ended with a spicy finish.  We also tried the Sushi (Rainbow roll) which was also fresh and exceeded my expectations.  We didn't try any Sake, though their menu claims to have the largest selection of sake on this side of the Pacific, but my martini, made with Japanese alcohol, was excellent.I also enjoyed the atmosphere.  The restaurant is divided into intimate sections by floor-to-ceiling wooden dividers reminiscent of cascading water which leaves the space feeling open yet private.  As is typical of all over-priced Vegas restaurants, there is a hip, smooth vibe and plenty of chicly dressed patrons.  Service was above average.
1	For the price I paid for my sushi, I would at least expect it to be edible. My scallop roll was so tart, the sauce overpowering and the scallop meat warm that I ate two to be polite and left the rest to be thrown away- which I hate to do. My friends seemed to enjoy their dishes though, but coming from San Francisco I think it's wrong to make people pay $25 for Chinese food.Redeeming qualities... um... umm... it was fun saying Shibuya Shibuya Shibuya throughout dinner.
5	I was really impressed with this Japanese restaurant.  One of the few times the people making the sushi behind the counter were really Japanese!We started off our meal by looking at the sake menu they have over 100 different kinds.  Im not really a sake drinker so i didnt know what kind to get.  I was just about to pass on the sake and the waiter made a few suggestions which turned out to be good.  It was a 3 different kinds of sake sampler.This place is a family style restaurant where you order a bunch of food and share it with the table, so we ordered a lot.  We ordered the Australian kobe beef with mushrooms, the meat is so soft and delicious i would go back just for this.  Steamed Chilean Seabass, which comes in a soup is also good.  You have to try the crab salad.  I think this is the best crab salad ever!  Its not big at all, it comes in this little bowl served on top of a swimming fish (which you cant eat).  We also tried the rock shrimp tempura, which is wrapped in lettuce.  Yellow tail sushi and unagi.  The sushi here is quite a bit expensive with the yellow tail being 9 bucks for 2 pieces and unagi around the same price.  The yellow tail was definately worth it but not so much for the unagi.Then for dessert we had the warm chocolate cake, which has green tea ice cream and lychee rice tuile.Next time in vegas i'll be back for sure, prob wont get the unagi though.  But maybe i was so full already i just didnt feel like eatting it, i didnt really care if it fell on the floor.  hahaIf you win a couple hundred dollars playing craps or blackjack, take your winnings to this place you wont be dissapointed.
3	Another pricey sushi place in vegas, big surprise.  We ended up paying $170 for our dinner (only a couple of cocktails total and one shared dessert).  I had 3 rolls, all of which seemed to be wrapped in cabbage (where's the damned seaweed?!), which didn't make them very appetizing.  Service was good, and there's a giant (I'm talking a 3 x 3 grid of 50" plasma's) displaying some funky color pattern as you walk in, with translucent boxes at varying heights which looks even more funky at an angle (not head on).
5	Good atmosphere and fresh ingredients.  Definitely a taste of Tokyo.  We got lucky and our party of six were able walk in and sit at the sushi bar.  Although I recommend making reservations for dinner on the weekends.We ordered:Mifune:Soft Shell Crab, Tobiko, Scallion, Daikon Katsura With Spicy AioliEel Cucumber hand rollDragon Roll:Freshwater Eel, Cucumber, Mango with AvocadoKabuto Roll:Australian Lobster Tail Tempura, Cucumber, Shiso and Kaiware in Soy Paper Spicy Tuna RollsBraised Kobe Short Rib and Seared Foie GrasWith Spicy Sweet Soy ( warm plate )Everything tasted delicious and had the right textures.  No complaints here.  I would even have to say that their dishes had a certain finesse to them. ( i'm still trying to figure out what that means : ) )The chefs were efficient and entertaining, but our waiter talked fast and seemed like he was new considering we spent alot of money that night.  To drink we did end up ordering Kirin beers, a $100 bottle of dry filtered sake, and six orders of Shibuya's own House Peach flavored sake as a dessert.  I recommend trying their House Peach sake since it's sweet, natural tasting, and good alcohol content at a very reasonable price.  They are known to be one of the most upscale Japanese restaurants in vegas and have one of the largest sake selections.  Thumbs up.
3	Not a bad place.  Go for the ambiance but not the food.  The food is pricey, but what else do you expect for Vegas?The waiter & staff was very friendly!
3	I love the ambience of this place!! Well I do eat at places a lot for the Design, since I am into that stuff. Our waiter was awesome(four stars), sometimes the waiter makes a difference. I would definitely come back to this place for drinks. The food was okay, I've had better (back to 3 stars).
4	I really didn't expect to like this place.  It had that "style over substance" vibe that usually means lousy food at exorbitant prices.  I've lived in Japan before and travel there several times each year, so I have high standards for Japanese food, and Shibuya turned out to be a pleasant surprise.We ate their two nights on our last trip to Las Vegas.  Both nights we had their sashimi platter.  Cheap, it is not ($100 for two), but the quality and quantity was very good.  Too often in the USA, sashimi seems watery and tasteless, the only thing separating tuna and salmon being color and not flavor.  That was not the case at Shibuya.  Each variety of fish had its characteristic taste and was very enjoyable.  My wife was especially pleased later when we ordered uni and it tasted like the uni we get at top Japanese sushi restaurants, and unlike what we get at even many top USA sushi restaurants.  Our itamae (sushi chef) wasn't a Japanese guy (he was from Hong Kong), but he seemed well trained and his outgoing nature made it nice to chat with him at the sushi bar.We also ordered makisushi, and particularly enjoyed the Kabuto roll.  True, it is not typical Japanese makisushi, but wrapping a tempura-fried Australian lobster tail with cucumber, shiso, and kaiware in soy paper was a delicious combination (though a little challenging to eat because of its girth).What also impressed me about Shibuya was its sake list.  Finally, not the same old list of sakes found at top sushi restaurants across the United States.  Shibuya offered a range of hard-to-find sakes at prices that were reasonable, though not cheap.  Our sake was served chilled as requested and in champagne flutes rather than traditional sake glasses; that didn't bother me at all -- the sake was the perfect accompaniment to our meal.I also liked the lobster miso soup.  True it isn't as good as the shrimp or crab miso soup we get in Tokyo, but it's heart was in the right place and it was a good closing dish.Desserts were also a pleasant surprise.  The most notable one for me was the Kaffir Lime Creme Brulee.  OK, kaffir lime is not a Japanese ingredient (it's Thai -- I grow kaffir lime trees in my backyard), but the execution was great and the flavor was fantastic.  Every Thai restaurant should add this one to their dessert menu.The biggest downside for me was probably the cost.  It was expensive, but given the quality of the food, I felt that the value was reasonable.
5	There was a long wait, but once we were called, we weren't forced to wait another 10 minutes for a table (which I always find extremely annoying). Our waitress was extraordinarily nice and her service was of what I expected for a restaurant of this price.We started off the the Shibaki Tuna Tartare and the Australian Kobe Beef Tataki. Both were very good. But what was most memorable was the Miso Seafood I ordered. The miso sauce that topped the pieces of salmon, tuna, and scallops was simply delicious. It did not overpower the pieces of seafood and had a slightly different taste than usual miso dressing, which was nice. The seafood was of very high quality.Also a notable piece was the Kaffir Lime dessert.That's all.
4	I've had really great sushi and sashimi, I can't say Shibuya wowed me on those fronts however the space is so hip and cool that it adds to your dining experience.Restaurant # 3 is my Vegas trip, I was most impressed with the Toro Tartare.  The kumamoto oysters and kobe tataki were standard fare, and we stayed with cold plates and sushi.  So worth mentioning is their extensive but pricey list of sakes, have them recommend one for you, and you'll get the pleasure of wonderful aromas from a snifter tasting glass if you go the carafe route.So the piece le resistance...mango sashimi and yuzu ice cream with sesame chopsticks.  Wow, I'm impressed.
5	stylish restaurant with sweet drinks. I had the kobe beef cut in thin slices, toro, dragon roll, mirigua and i forget what else. I can't complain, because everything was delicious!If you have the money, why not splurge here.I'll be bringing the hubby back.
2	Gawd.....Came in with high expectations, but was disappointed. I gotta give it to Shibuya for the atmosphere though. It's quite amazing.The food, is decent, but not worth the price.I had the Tempura Udon which was $16, but ended up tasting like instant Udon.
2	Love the decor, very japanese modern and you can either sit at a table or eat tepankaki (I'm sure I misspelled that). They have a very extensive sake list and some yummy cocktails. However, the service was very slow and not very great for the price you pay. Sushi servings are small and pricey. Let's just say I just ordered a $60 bottle of wine (which I split) and one spicy tuna roll, which was just par, and I paid $50. Oh and my friend just ordered a lobster miso soup and he paid $30 ....yikes.... wah wah wahhhhh
3	Nice atmosphere for sure.  I would prefer just coming here for drinks, getting some small food and going somewhere else for a real dinner.  The sushi here is fine but too overpriced for what you get.
4	food is very good .. delicate .. kobe beef was excellent .. portions are TINY ... i repeat .. VERY SMALL PORTIONS .. and VERY EXPANSIVE .. but gosh it's top quality .. .. our bill for 2 was $130 ... and we were no where near full .. (only had 1 order of kobe sliced beef, 2 bites of dessert cake, and 1 roll of soft shell crab) ... not a good place if you're keeping a budget .. i'd come here perhaps just once a year at most... lots of other good sushi place at a more moderate price
4	The food was really good!  The atmosphere was pleasent and engaging.  My girlfriend really likes sushi wheras I'm more like so-so on it.  I like to find Japenese restaurants that have a little of both for us each.  I ordered the salmon and black cod and my girlfriend had a soft shell crab roll and some other things and she thought it was really good.  The service left a bit to be desired but It wasn't as expensive as they write it up to be  so give it a try!
5	now normally i wouldn't splurge on a meal here, but when it's on a friend, it's great. especially w/ a surplus of cash and all the time in the world to pace your courses like a champ. lobster miso was rad, as were the kobe slices. Had some sushi, a couple of sake tasting flights and a dessert.  If you can put it on someone else's dime. do it up!
2	Shibuya was chic and trendy and had a great atmosphere. No omakase was offered but they had a tasting menu for $130. Lil guy had udon with vegetables, agedashi tofu ($7) and an order of edamame ($5).First course: trio of 2 slices of toro drizzled with a yuzu soy sauce; tuna tartare with yuzu and avocado; toro tartare stack with beluga caviar and gold flakes. I was impressed with how my meal started. Everything on this plate tasted great and was beautifully presented although both the tartares kind of stuck to the plate when I tried to pick it up with my chopsticks and I ended up having to scrape it off with my chopsticks.Second course (although it should really be the 4th): duo of hamachi and kanpachi. The former consisted of a garlic soy yuzu sauce while the latter was sitting in a marinade of black truffle oil and yuzu. Again both were rather pleasing to the palate.Third course (or is it the 6th now): beef tataki of thinly sliced Kobe beef drizzled with a soy sauce infused with garlic. Paper thin slivers of fried garlic on each slice of beef were accompanied with daikon sprouts. I didn't like the taste of the beef. It just didn't taste like how raw Kobe beef should taste - strong and rather off putting. The heavy sauce managed to mask the unpleasantness of the beef and the fried garlic helped immensely so it was still palatable in the end.Satay lobster in uni butter sauce as this dish was present also came with one large scallop - slightly overcooked so it was a tad chewy. I didn't think the satay complemented the dish at all. In fact, it overpowered the delicate flavor of uni and ended up making this dish mediocre at best. Beef short rib arrived very artistically presented. It included white asparagus, edamame, caramelized pearl onion and a small sliver of foie gras atop the beef. I loved the taste of the foie gras but the beef short rib was nothing special. It was no different than good galbijim and therefore didn't impress.I have no idea why they decided to add lobster to the miso soup because it did nothing for it. The miso soup itself was watery and unflavorful and the chunks of lobster meat was bland. It's hard to believe that a high end restaurant like this couldn't present a tastier version of something as simple as miso soup.The final portion of the meal before dessert was the sushi. I thought it was excellent that they gave you fresh wasabi because it definitely enhances the sushi experience. However, I was extremely disappointed in the sushi itself. The rice was still on the al dente side and the fish was also not of superb quality. Maguro and salmon were okay - I've had far better elsewhere. The hirame (flounder) was surprisingly gristly. It was chewy and crunchy! Not very pleasant. I enjoyed the hamachi though, it was almost buttery in texture. I liked the ume which accompanied the sushi. This course was wonderfully presented (see photo).I was at the end of the meal portion and felt let down. It started off with a bang but slowly went downhill. How does this happen in an establishment such as this? Aren't the courses supposed to build into a crescendo until it explodes and then give the diner a sense of climax in the end?I guess the chef did somehow make it up with dessert because it was excellent. I being not a dessert fan had nothing but great things to say about the dessert trio which arrived. The rich chocolate ganache cake infused with sake was superb. The other two (names fail me) were also good. Both had something fruity in it so it wasn't heavy at all.If I only had the first two courses and then the final dessert, I would've given them 5 stars. I thought service could've been better. They brought me a refill of iced tea ($3) once and then forgot about it. The courses also came out a tad too quickly, often before I'd even finished the previous course. For a high-end establishment it was lacking both in service and the quality of food it was serving especially since I was paying $130 for the tasting menu. What truly rubbed me the wrong way was the fact that I ordered udon for the lil guy and the menu had shrimp tempura udon for $16. Since lil guy didn't eat shrimp I asked if they could do it with vegetables instead. The server told me sure they could but failed to inform me that I would be charged the same price. If I had known, I would've just ordered the shrimp tempura and ate it myself. In the end, I was charged $16 for plain udon with a few vegetables in it. When I questioned the server his response was "it's not on the menu". WTF??? This type of customer service is a reflection of poor management. Just because something is not on the menu doesn't mean you can't be flexible and offer a service to a customer when they ask for it. But after you offer that service you need to tell them that they would be charged the same amount and then let them make that decision.Ordinarily it would've been a 3 star rating but overall, they only get a 2.
5	Just fantastic.  Going back again tonight to order a second round of ethereal delights.  Tuna the best I've ever had, short ribs off of the "warm" offerings was to-die-for - just fell apart with the tap of a chopstick.  Flight of saki interesting and delicious as were the wine selections.  Topper was the completely unique ice cream dessert with ice cream balls cut in half and coated with something that can only be described as eating the food version of some kind of luxury fabric/the finest cashmere.  The only slight downgrade might be that the service was just a bit off from previous visits.  Not bad at all but just not as brisk or perfectly attentive as usual.
4	I really liked the presence of this place as well as how they presented their dishes. Almost all of the non-nigiri had gold leaves sprinkled on top.Had the kobe rib-eye, sweet shrimp w/ caviar, seared foie grois, and a variety of nigiri. Also had the lobster miso soup which was great and mochi ice cream.I'd def. come here again. More "affordable" than nobu and lots of variety. The service is also impressive.
5	The husband and I came here for dinner after a hour of very successful gambling; decided to quit while we were ahead and use that money and eat at Shibuya.  WOW was the only thing heard out of our mouths the entire nite.  Amazing food, amazing sake selection, and the service.......oh the service!  Nothing short of amazing and wonderful.  The ambiance is very modern and yet romantic all at the same time.  Was completely impressed with our server and the other waitstaff.  Will definitely come back for the excellent sushi rolls and sake.  Cannot wait for my next trip to Vegas!!!!!!!!!!!
4	The space and decor definitely live up to the razzmatazz of Las Vegas.  From the dramatic lighting to the booth partitions of the tables, this place oozes trendy, sexy, chic.  The food was good--although I've had better Japanese for the price.  The dessert was the highlight of my meal.  Please don't leave without trying the Yuzu Parfait with Strawberry Gelee.* Definitely make reservations.  There were many who were turned away at the door during dinnertime on a Friday night. *
3	Went with 9 girls for dinner on a Saturday night. Had a table right by the front of the restaurant and the sushi bar. They have this really cool wall/aquarium behind the sushi bar right when you walk in.We ordered this REALLY good chilled sake that was $70/bottle. It was a little fruity (think it was mango infused), but some of the best sake I ever had. Didn't have that weird after taste some Sake has and wasn't too sweet . Everyone loved it. Was a highlight!I got the Salmon/Sea Bass plate ($30) and it was very good. Very small portions, but the flavor was great. One side note was that the salmon was undercooked so I had to send it back, but they quickly brought it back out.The sushi rolls we got were good, but nothing special.Didn't think the service was all that great, but it was okay. For instance, as we were getting ready to leave, some girls went to the bathroom and they took their full drinks away so we had to do say something and they brought us replacements, but annoying nonetheless..I spent around $80 with tip and drinks.Overall, it wasn't bad, but I thought the Grand Wok in the MGM was the same or better and much cheaper.  I would probably be more inclined to try another restaurant in Vegas before I went back to this one.
4	Excellent and a bit over priced, this sushi is well worth it!!! But what the heck - you're in Vegas! Shibuya is a elegant place to dine and is artfully decorated and the sushi is plated to match. The tuna sashimi with garlic is to die for! As far as I can tell all the other sushi rolls are wonderful. The sake menu is great, too and the waiters are ready to make suggestions. Let's just say that this place made my husband (an "i'm not gonna eat no fish that isn't cooked" kind of guy) into a sashimi lover. Now he says, "oh, can we get that yummy pink fish that we ate in vegas, again?"You gotta try this place - at least once.  And I'll be back again. Enjoy!
4	All we wanted were bowls of udon. This sleek, modern, beautiful restaurant was trendier, fancier, and much pricier than what we were looking for. Fortunately, the top notch melt-in-your-mouth sushi catapulted Shibuya from a near 2 star to a solid 4.We were seated at the long marble sushi bar. An army of sushi chefs stood at attention in front of us, with a huge lighting display resembling goldfish swimming through aqua waters filling the enormous wall behind them. Like so many Vegas restaurants the prices were steep. The decor oozed over-the-top opulance. But we were pleasantly surprised to see shrimp tempura udon for $16.50 on the menu and decided to order some sushi to go with it.When our waiter informed us there was no udon available that evening, we were not pleased, especially since the alternative dish he recommended was a handcut noodle dish with Kobe beef slices, available at the bargain price of $56 a bowl. I mean, how much more pretentious can a Vegas restaurant get? We quickly went with a plan B: lobster miso soup, edamame, hamachi and sake nigiri, spicy tuna rolls, two bowls of rice.Our food took a while to arrive. While we waited, we watched several live lobster get brought out to the sushi bar. They were the biggest lobsters I've ever laid eyes on. I felt bad for the poor lobsters as they awaited their unfortunate fates. I watched three of them get chopped in half, their still-moving top halves placed atop a bed of julienned daikon radish, while their bottom halves were cut into pieces of sashimi, placed artistically back in their shells, and onto the plate. It was a little much even for me, a proud omnivore. I immediately regretted ordering the lobster miso soup and the sushi.The food finally came out. And it was very good. The miso soup was a decent sized portion and had several good pieces of, gulp, lobster. The edamame was also a reasonable sized portion.But it was the sushi (oh the sushi!) that really won me over. I expected a plate of tiny pieces of fish to show up. Nope. The slices of the incredibly fresh sake and hamachi were large, succulent, sublime. The spicy tuna rolls were also bursting with tuna. This sushi was some of the best I've ever had. While pricey, I was highly impressed by the size, quality and freshness of the sushi.
5	D and I went here on our excursion to Las Vegas.  This particular evening we decided to eat at Shibuya in the MGM Grand Casino.  I was impressed to say the least.  We didn't have reservations, so we put our name down with the hostess, who said to return in an hour.  We killed some time by roaming the casino floor, came back, and were seated at the sushi bar (which I particularly enjoyed, especially in a place like this were there are 10-15 sushi chefs preparing food. it was quite interesting!).Our server was great.  I have never seen a sake menu as vast as theirs, and he recommended some excellent choices.  Did you know there is just a big of selection of sake as there is wine and beer?  Because I had no idea.  The food was great, fresh, and worth the price (when you add in the fact you are in Vegas).  The dishes were unique and they had some rare items that you only see in high end sushi restaurants.5 stars for Shibuya!  I will be back the next time I'm Vegas, which will hopefully be soon!
4	Bit overpriced, but daaaaamn good fish and eel.  Eel is a tough thing to rock out at, as there is the eel, and the cooking, and the sauce.  Lots of oxidized-tasting sauce out there, but this was perfect.Chic lighting and decor; an army of chefs.  If you like sake (or want to try it), the servers really know the sake menu and can find you something you want at a price you can afford.  You might get a bonus history lesson too.
3	I've never been much of a beef person.  I mean, sure, I like it okay, but you'd probably never see me walk into a restaurant and order a steak.  Then I tried Shibuya's Wagyu beef.  Oh.  My.  God.  Possibly one of the most delightful items I have ever put in my mouth.  I could have eaten pounds of it, except for the fact that it was one of theose items listed on the menu as "Market Price," a.k.a. Freaking Expensive.  I actually don't know what it cost since my boss was in charge of the ordering and the paying, but I'm pretty sure it was a damn lot.Otherwise, this place has average to slightly above average Japanese fare in a sexed-up setting.  Tempura was decent, sushi was fresh, but nothing was really worth waking up in the middle of the night over.
3	this is the restaurant to go to in vegas if you want kobe beef....not so much if you're just looking for really good sushi as their sushi is decent...but nothing spectacular...the softshell crab, kobe beef and wagyu beef were amazing...but the toro tartar was uberly diappointing.would've given them 5 stars if the sushi was better and the service was excellent.  however, the sushi took forever and and i had to remind our server two times to bring out the bottle of sake we ordered...
5	If you're in Vegas, let's just forget the prices and assuming you didn't bring a coupon and you're not bargain hunting, ok?My wife and I went for dinner on Sunday night there.. we went a little early, so it wasn't too crowded, which also ensured we had lots of TLC and good service - which came in handy as we weren't sure about many of the dishes - and the waiter was only too happy to explain it all to us and make recommendations about what was good and not worth trying.We had a bunch of little dishes, tuna tartare, yellowtail appetizer, some salad with seafood on it, yellowtail jalapeno roll, and a few other things (see my photos!) - they were literally just one better than the last.  We were in heaven as we savored each dish, one after the other.We still talk about it - we hope to go back one day soon, it was just a great eating experience!
3	Other than the pretty nice decor, I was pretty disappointed with the sushi here.  Everything was pretty average and when I wanted to try a different sake I never had before, the suggestion was pretty bad.  If I'm gonna pay top dollar for sushi in Vegas, I expect better than this.  People comment that the cooked dishes are better so if you come here, you should probably steer in that direction...
3	If you're looking for sake nigiri or teri chicken right here and go eat somewhere else (try the regular dining place a few doors down).  If you're looking for something out of the norm then this is it.  They have Some dishes really made me go 'wow' while others only got a an 'eh', hence the 3-star rating.  Toro tartare was 'wow'.  Hamachi Wasabi... 'eh'.  The oysters on the day's sampling dish were perfect.  I think we ordered 5 cold plates, 1 hot, and 2 rolls.  While the kabuto roll sounded really yummy it actually was just okay.  The braised kobe beef shortrib was the 2nd best braised shortrib I've had so far (1st being Charlie Palmer's).  The sauce was perfectly salty/sweet/savory.
5	I was not really into raw sushi until I ate here...life changing sushi..the sashimi was unreal, amazing and just the best I've ever had. The toro was phenomenal and the hamachi was equally delicious. We ordered a lot of items and all shared family style, great wines too. Can't wait to go back. Definitely make the trip to Shibuya, you will not regret it!
4	The food here was very good.  I've only been here once, but I still remembered it to have provided a good dining experience, even by Vegas standard.  It was a little disconcerting, however, to see lobster sashimi to be served at another table, where people eat a live lobster, with a head cut off, with its tail still wigling.
2	We were staying at MGM and we passed by this gorgeous restaurant every time we walked back to our hotel room.  So we decided to give it a try one night and had high expectations for such a higher end restaurant.  Unfortunately, I can only give one star for the amazing decor and another star for the the extensive sake list.  Other than that, the food here is very mediocre and I can find sushi at a lower price but taste better elsewhere.  Service was slow even though we didn't order as much.  And presentation of the sushi was not spectacular for such an expensive japanese restaurant.  Sorry Shibuya, the sushi competition on the Strip is just too great and it just didn't satisfy our tastebuds.
4	Probably the best place to eat at MGM.  The decor of this place is awesome.  Very modern, and cool.  Located next to Craft Steak, they have great sushi, a long list of sakes that make you feel good, and Kobe Beef that melts in your mouth.  Seriously, its so buttery and heavy that I didnt even need to chew much.  Service is good, food is good, cant really complain much, but didnt feel like it was out of this world either.  Its a solid place for some high quality Japanese food.  Oh yea, this place aint cheap, so unless you win big at the tables, or have a host who can take care of you, expect a heavy tab.  Relax...its just money, and youre in Vegas
5	I returned to Shibuya for the third time this past Saturday.  We love the food here, but what brings this place up to 5 stars (for us, at least) is the sake menu.  The combinations are just fantastic.Also, the summer menu they have right now is amazing!  We were sharing all of our dishes so one of us ordered it for "two".  The Truffle Ponzu Sauce that comes with the Sauteed Beef Tenderloin blew my mind.  I don't have much else to say really - shibuya rocks.
5	AMAZING! the best sushi i have ever had!  i can't believe how delicious the sushi was here! we has the spicy tuna and the yellow tail with jalapenos  AMAZING! the fish was so fresh and nicely cut.  everything was perfectly sized for one bit! We also had the Jidori Chicken Teriyaki not my favorite, it was a little tasteless, no Teriyaki sauce? weird.. coming from SF, CA area you would assume that the desert wouldn't have good sushi, but i was wrong! The only thing i have to complain about is the price! $150.00 for 3 people OUCH! but for that place it was worth it, and you are also paying for the ambiance and location! The waiter we has was so nice and was really helpful! I will go back there in a heart beat! i think this it going to be a new tradition for me when i visit Vegas!
4	This place has great sushi....Here is the best way to enjoy it.Call in a reservation (the girls who answer the phone are the best, I think they route the calls to Japan)Get reasonalbe faced up in your hotel room (you'll know why later)Sit at the sushi bar (trip out on the crazy light wall behind the bar and the speed of the chefs)Leave and go gamble, get drunk, club, or jsut check out all the feak in Vegas.
3	Just an A-OK because the service was SEVERELY LACKING.  He would literally drop the plates on our table without any description or pleasantries.  We were a group of 6 gals who all ordered the tasting menu.  My gosh, how much easier can it get?  The chefs cannot be blamed for such disconcerting service.  The menu itself was a delight.  The sushi and desserts were the least impressive of the tasting menu (I was surprised).  I did place a separate order of uni, which was a beautiful experience.  It had a slight hint of sweetness and a little oceany.  It was served at a perfect cool temperature.  The ambiance was wonderful as well.  A little more casual in attitude than I expected (though not in looks!), and I liked the vibe.  Pretty restaurant worthy of dates and special occasion without being stuffy and/ or frou frou.Due to the horrible waiter, I can only provide 3 stars.  At times I can hear the plates clunking on the table.  There was no gentleness in service so I was very disgruntled about that.  I will pass up this restaurant for others in the future.
4	So we had the $60 summer tasting menu which sounded like such an incredible value for the variety of food you were getting.. I left slightly disappointed by the overall experience and food.. it just didn't blow me away. We had the following:Edamame: so they didn't screw this up, but sushi samba's was 10x better. Better texture, nicer salt, better temperature, etc. Yellowtail sashimi/Albacore Sashimi: both were fresh tasting but very typical of the quality you'd expect in a nice sushi restaurant. Not over the top good, but the quality was on par. No complaints.Rock shrimp tempura: we are big fans of this dish and I'd have to say I think their prepartion is the best I've had in Las vegas so far. Perfectly amount of sauce, breading, etc.. this was a standout.Kobe short rib: the waiter described it as Japanese pot roast.. and so it was. It was very tender, but I did find it kind of boring. My bf loved it, however. Sushi: This was such a disappointment! Tuna was FISHY and not fresh. The spicy tuna was awful.. chewy and gross. Maybe they give the reject fish to the people who get the tasting menu? I dunno. I was seriously disappointed. Dessert Tasting: interesting tastes, interesting textures.. yum!A nice evening, but I honestly preferred my night at sushi samba. It could have been just luck, so I will give them a second chance at some point and update accordingly.
5	after several family guy "shipoopi" jokes... we settled into shibuya and proceeded to have some of the best sushi i've had in a long time. this is where i ate seared salmon that was so fresh it melted in my mouth like little pats of butter. mmmm... the sushi was so absolutely delish and FRESH FRESH FRESH!and who knew that they have the largest sake selection in the entire united states! (and that's a fact). mmmm... again... good service and cool decor.
4	My name is Kelly I got a belly to eat some good foodwith staff that aint rudesha sha shibuya role call.My name is Gina I like food Lean-athe sushi's real freshand the flavors all meshsha sha shibuya role call.my name is cheryl* i drink by the barryli am so damn fulli need to fart. *crickets* Ok that's as far as we got. The summer menu was only $60.00 a person and it consisted of enough food to feed an army. Again, my diligent attempt at self control did not prevail. As each beautiful dish was placed upon us, my eyes glazed, hands shifted and my mouth moved faster than a fat kid runs to cake.  All in a lady-like way of course...Anyway the food was indeed delicious and innovative, ambiance was beautiful and the fish was fresh. I especially enjoyed the appetizers of sashimi and the pork tenderloin with its amazing soft and almost creamy texture.  Bill came close to $500.00 for the 7 of us. Really, not bad for the amount of food we got! *Real names have been changed for embarassment purposes
4	Inside MGM Grand, this is a solid Japanese restaurant with the mandatory hip decor/atmosphere.  Sushi is excellent-- fish are very high quality and the all-Japanese sushi chefs are quite skilled.  Unless you are a large group, I recommend sitting at the bar and watch their skilled 'performance' right at your eye level.We had a course meal that started with delicious appetizers (raw and cooked fish beautifully presented), going on to super tender kobe-style beef, sushi and dessert.  Every course was good and it was so much food that we could not finish it all.  The sake cocktails we had were also very fine.  The waiter kept track of time well so that we could make it to a show in time after dinner.One complaint-- the sushi part of the course meal was a piece of sashimi, one piece of nigiri and California rolls and spicy tuna rolls.  I wish I could have sampled real sushi rather than getting stuffed on American-invented rolls.  I felt bad for the chef though-- he was making big rolls all day, complaining 'this is what Americans eat.'  I know he'd rather be making nigiri.
5	Awesome place!  There are many awesome restaurants in Las Vegas and Shibuya is definitely one of the tops.  I've tried most of the restaurants in MGM and Shibuya has them all beat!  The sushi is fresh and the variety of food is great.  My favorite items at Shibuya include the Kobe Beef Short Ribs with the seared foie gras!  It's to died for!  The meat just melts in your mouth and the foie gras is seared just right so that it doesn't take away the buttery-ness of it.  Another one of my favorite is their Uni sushi!!!! Yum!  I've had fresh sea urchins (still moving and all that) but these uni tasted better than the fresh ones!  Sooooo GOOOOOOD!  They have lots of great items but these two are my all time favorites at Shibuya.
5	Located at the MGM grand this Japanese restaurant is one of millions you can find in the city. So what makes it so special? Well for starters it's at the MGM grand. Why does that matter? Summer tastings, of course - 3 to 5 course meals at discounted prices at most restaurants. Of course I had to partake in the summer tasting menu, and the line-up was as follows: two raw fish courses (but not quite sushi/sashimi, we're talking a little more substantive), a surprisingly delicious salad, shrimp tempura lettuce wrap, short ribs, a sushi platter, and a dessert trio. 6 courses, $60/person. One of the best deals on the strip.I will never be able to do the 2 fish dishes justice. They were simply spectacular. One was kanpachi with a black truffle oil and some grated garlic, both powerful accompaniments for a delicate fish. It could've gone south so quickly, but the balance was beautiful, and really just helped develop the flavors of the fish, rather than stand in the way. The other was the albacore,with a citrus ponzu and fun little crispy onions on top. With the kanpachi, eat it all together. With the albacore, I wasn't thrilled with the onions with the fish, but each separately was a bite of heaven. Honestly, I would've been happy with that. But there were 5 more dishes on the way. The salad was simple, clean, elegant. Veggies, a little vinegar, a crispy little rice-type-deal, and we were on our way.Maybe lettuce wraps have been done before, yeah. Maybe you've had edamame at every japanese restaurant you've been to. But you haven't done these lettuce wraps so shut up. Rock shrimp tempura, coated in a messy and delicious aioli with a kick, sitting in a fresh piece of butter lettuce. I know right? For all the fancy that it has, it smacks of comfort food in a wonderful way. It's fried, it's garlic-y, it's like home. I wanted seconds, but this was a tasting menu. The edamame was great to munch on between courses, but honestly the service was so spot on that we rarely waited. Also, we were doing a sake pairing (additional money, children), so by round three were so pleasantly buzzed that they could've taken days to get us the next course and I don't think we'd have cared. When this intoxicated, the color-changing bar suddenly becomes so much more impressive. It's a huge, fairly deep bar perfect for making friends, watching the action, and spreading your food out when ordering lots of little things at the same time. Which is unquestionably the way to go if not the tasting menu. The point is: get some edamame. It's good for you.The famed and long awaited short ribs were up next. These short ribs. Oh. My. Gd. These short ribs. Braised Kobe Short Ribs. With a hunka-hunka force-fed duck liver loving right on top. Tender, juicy, a little spice but not too much, a soy compliment that didn't taste entirely of salt. My heart stopped when I tasted this dish. To be honest, I'm not sure if it was from love or cholesterol. Either way, this is the dish of the house. They don't skimp on the foie gras, either - you get your money's worth for this one.But we're so not done. I was already stuffed. You may be stuffed just from reading this post. But oh no, let's bring on the sushi. A little sushi? Maybe a lot of sushi. One down side to a tasting menu is that the sushi is not your call, it's the chefs, and it invariably tends to be the most popular, which isn't necessarily the most exotic, the most exciting, or the most traditional. Spicy tuna and california rolls (with crab, not krab), as well as 3 pieces each (one for each eater) of salmon, fatty tuna, and sea bass nigiri. Just look at that presentation. You know it was delicious. You know it was the best sushi I've had in years. But for those looking for the rare anago, the prepared-with-care hand rolls, or the less traditional "special" rolls like the Kabuto (a lobster tail tempura roll with cucumber and shiso), you'll sadly have to leave the realm of the tasting menu and strike out on your own. I wish you well.Oh, but before you go, let me quickly mention dessert. A trio of their options was presented, each one better than the last. First, the Yuzu-Momo, a parfait that tasted mostly of strawberry, but the fruit honestly was refershing after all that food. Next, who'd have thunk it, tofu cheesecake. Tofu cheesecake? I was skeptical. It was maybe the most delicious cheesecake I've ever had. Wow. Completely different flavor, texture, everything. But there was something legitimate in that tiny little cake. Almost a vanilla-y thing kind of going on. Absolutely delicious.
5	LOVE this place!  One of my all-time favorite sushi restaurants, and definitely my top pick in Vegas.  Their quality and menu are amazing.  I went there my first time 2 years ago and just recently returned for my second (long overdue) visit.  The second time was better than the first, which is a rarity when so much time has passed.  The sake menu is to die for, the staff is super nice, and the atmosphere is great.  I dined alone both times and felt very comfortable and content to enjoy the sushi on my own.  I like to rate sushi restaurants on the quality of their Sea Urchin - when I last went they had fresh shucked Urchin (which I had never had before) and it was hands-down the best I have ever had.  Can't wait to get back!!
3	The ambiance and decor was really neat but we left disappointed and starving through out  the whole  LOVE show . Our drinks never came and my  shrimp tempura hand roll only had one Small piece of shrimp full of rice.  We ordered different appetizers and were shocked at the portions and bill. This place seems to be well known for  it's special rolls, but  what if you want some good shashimi or sushi not something cooked? That's what I call sushi. I guess I'll try the sushi bar next time, if I don't find a better sushi place.
4	Definitely one of the best sushi places I've been to, anywhere - and definitely one of the spendiest too. But what the hell, when you're in Vegas you have to splurge at least ONE night, yes? It's been so long since my last dining experience here that I can't tell you exactly what I ate or had to drink, I only remember that our entire party of 5 had a great time, loved everything on the table, and agreed it was the best place we ate at in Vegas. Super attentive staff, fresh, yummy fish, great cocktails and a calm, cozy atmosphere. You don't really need anything else...
3	The kobe beef really does melt in your mouth.  The presentation of the plates are artistic and beautiful.  We did group dining and I believe it was a 5 course meal with lots of seafood.  The dessert sake was very smooth and delicious.  Price was within Vegas range.  You pay for the location, name of the chef and ambiance of the place.  FYI - dress up a bit, not a place for I LOVE VEGAS t-shirts.
2	The sashimi was pretty good. The rolls were not. They looked really pretty as far as presentation goes, but they were lacking in flavor. It was bland, and I couldn't really distinguish one roll from the next. Tempura was not bad, batter not too greasy. Service was slow, the waiter hardly checked on us. I'm not sure if that was because we sat at the end of the sushi bar. This place is too expensive for what you get. The only thing outstanding was the interior design. It's dark and hip.
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas, and it's definitely the best sushi I've ever had. When you go, you must try the Oyster trio, which may be the single most divine item I've ever ordered off a menu. Great drink selection too, and the atmosphere is lovely.
5	While in Vegas with family someone suggested we go out for sushi. Now, you have to realize that my experience with sushi has been terrible at best. Tried it at a few local places and didn't care for it but hey, we were in Vegas and we wanted to try some new things. Am I glad we did. I guess one big factor in the sushi experience is a) the preparation and b) the freshness of the ingredients. Well, they have these two down pat at Shibuya. From the moment we walked in and sat down we felt relaxed and comfortable. I tried the yellowfin sashimi which was out of this world. Then, I stuck with my tried and true spicy tuna with soy wrap roll which were also just incredible (so simple, yet so delicious). Just a dab of soy sauce and I was in heaven. After that, I tried something I never thought I would eat in my life....eel. Ewww....eeeeel. Seriously? Well, great googily moogliy, it was divine. Do yourself a favor, leave your inhibitions at the door and give it a try. Oh man you'll be glad you did. Couple that with some sake (can't remember what kind it was but it really complimented the meal) and the simplicity of the peel your own soy pods and you have just one perfect meal. Definitely try this place out if you are in Vegas. You won't be disappointed.
4	ambiance...good.  service...good.  sake...good.  food...good.  we started out with a chilled sake (i'm not sure with one it was...they have a big selection). they have a fall tasting menu that gives you selections for 3 courses with an added desert.  i had the edamame in sea salt, kyoto miso soup, the rock shrimp tempura with spicy aioli , and the black angus beef tenderloin with roasted japanese mushrooms and black truffle ponzu with green tea cake to top it all off.  it was all good and left me wanting more.  although i was pretty stuffed.  it also helped that it was good company as well!
4	Very hip place with a very bored group of sushi chefs.  But man the dinner was impressive!  Go for their pre fixe meal if it's available as you get more fodder for your dollar.  The presentation was lovely and the martinis we ordered were quite delicious.  Our waiter was sensitive to our time restraints (we were off to see "Ka" just a few yards away) and he was pretty good at making sure our food was paced so we'd make it on time.  Good experience and I'd recommend it for anyone that likes a tasty (semi-authentic) Japanese meal.
4	Excellent sushi. The standout dish was the toban spiced albacore with citrus ponzu and crispy onions. One of the better sushi dishes I have had. Everything was good and well plated.
5	Ok...I'm astonished Shibuya has a 3.5 overall rating. What!!??  My best friend and I fly to Vegas for ONE night just to eat here!!  This is my favorite restaurant in the entire world...so far at least =-).  If I could marry Shibuya...I would...hahaha.  Everything is AMAZING.  They introduced me to Summer Snow nigori sake which I've been obsessed with ever since and I believe their chefs are flown in from Japan?  They serve the best traditional kani I've ever had and I order it where ever it's offered.  We've tried a lot here and we've always had excellent food, drink, and service.  The only problem we ever had here is that last time our server failed to set an ice bucket next to our table and the table next to us had one...we told him and he brought one out immediately...maybe he was new....I LOVE SHIBUYA!!! SHI BUYA...SHI SHI SHIBUYA!!!  HAHAHAAHA!
5	The boyfriend and I celebrated our anniversary here back in '06 (i know! but better late to rate than never!).We both LOVE sushi and Shibuya definitely delivered. Not your typical sushi restaurant, really fresh ingredients (we ordered sushi rolls) and service was excellent.We very much enjoyed the sake lesson we got from our server. They are accommodating-we called in the same day for reservations.
5	Big Fan here, I have been twice gotten the Chefs Tasting twice and enjoyed it both times.  Its expensive but in my experience worth it.  I haven't had a chance to try as much sushi in Vegas as I'd like but from what I've had so far this meal choice at least provided me with the best.  I have tried........the name escapes me, the place in the Forum at Caesars, was not at all impressed, didn't seem nearly as fresh as Shibuya and I tried the chefs tasting menu there so it was a relatively apples to apples comparison, or should have been.  (Was about $40 cheaper at the place in the Forum, but I'd pay it and go to Shibuya just to put things in perspective)  And I also tried the other sushi place in Caesars, that was ok again nothing special.  I'm hoping to try a few more places on my next trips out there and then I will update and see if Shibuya is still worthy of the 5 stars I'm willing to give it now.
5	Decadent. Illustrious. Remarkable.Shibuya deserves the special adjectives you reserve for that one experience, that one moment, when you realize that you've just obtained a memory that you will never, ever forget. After a 6-hour drive to Vegas on the rainiest, coldest day ever (it was hailing in Barstow - seriously), we dropped our luggage off at our hotel and walked over to MGM to grab a bite. We almost went for Michael Mina's Nobhill Tavern, but an illuminating establishment across from his restaurant caught our eye: http://static.px.yelp.com/bphoto/hV_RARo0AHGIbuGAn6rwGw/l. Considering that Japanese is my favorite cuisine and Shibuya received a AAA Four-Diamond award, we decided to check it out.After a short wait, we were seated at a cozy corner table. The entire staff was pleasant, from the hostess, to the busboy, to our waiter. Every move they made was thoughtful and seamless, making us truly feel like their most important guests of the night.  I'm sure they treat everyone this way, but it felt so personal. LA restaurants can learn a thing or two about service; In Vegas, they know you're there to have a good time and do whatever it takes to keep you entertained. In LA, the wait staff act as if they're too good to serve you. At Shibuya, their grace made us actually feel lucky to be served by them.We had the option of ordering prix fixe, but we opted to order from the main menu. We ordered the edamame to start, which was warm, soft, lightly salted, and delicious. A nice teaser. Sushi could happen any night, so we decided to try their cold and warm plates. For our first course, Vlad ordered the Kani Salad (King Crab, Snow Crab and Dungeness Crab with Lotus Chips) and I ordered the Maine Lobster Salad (Japanese Vegetables, Ginger Shiso Vinegar and Crispy Rice Net). The presentation was breathtaking, with a taste to match: http://static.px.yelp.com/bphoto/VNH9oFM0A9-XCJZRAVVHxg/l. YES that's a fish bowl under the Kani Salad! We didn't eat the fish of course, but enjoyed his company. My salad came with an abundance of lobster pieces, as well as a nice big piece on the side of the plate. It was the best lobster I've ever tasted, hands down. For our warm plates, Vlad ordered the Kurobuta Pork Crisp (Braised Black Pork in Brick Leaf Seared Tofu and Nihon Glaze) and I ordered the Salmon and Black Cod (Pineapple Miso Marinated Salmon and Shiro Miso Broiled Black Cod). Another brilliant presentation: http://static.px.yelp.com/bphoto/1b1_o_5fxypp6IjpsBgnhQ/l. Vlad said the pork melted in his mouth. He was a happy boy. The pineapple marinade on the salmon had the perfect amount of sweetness without phasing out the salmon taste. It came with a slice of dried pineapple too - yum. The black cod was soft and melted in my mouth as well. Cloud nine.Dessert was Choco Lychee (Chocolate Mousse Cake, Lychee Vanilla Jelly, Chocolate Soy Milk Ice Cream): http://static.px.yelp.com/bphoto/EiIMhxCGee2Kbrkj9sj0SQ/l. Being lactose-intolerant, we both appreciated that all the ice creams on the menu came in soy.  The mousse was light and sweet and the ice cream was soooo gooooood.Over dinner we could have been talking about what we were going to do for the rest of the night, how crappy the drive was, or where we should go the next day, but instead all we could do was talk about how amazing this dinner was. We realized that this experience was our reward for the hell we went through to get there. We also realized that we would go through hell again just to receive this reward.Shibuya, there's nothing like you.I think I just wrote my first love letter to a restaurant.
4	After breathing in foul secondhand cigar smoke on the MGM casino floor, we were ready for refuge. Craving sushi, we were a bit hesitant to eat here due to the seating arrangements. For a high end restaurant, the tables resemble cafeteria benches a bit too much. My man approached the hostess and told her that we'd like a more intimate table or we'd be eating elsewhere. She told us that there were no tables open (the place was half empty) and that we could sit at the sushi bar. We were about to walk away when another girl ran up and led us to a semiprivate corner table. So I don't know what that was all about. Are they trying to seem exclusive?Our waiter was great, I wish I got his name. We started off with a large Orion (best Japanese beer) and two cold plates- the White Fish Sashimi and the Hamachi Wasabi. Both were delish. The wasabi plate was not hot at all, so try it if you're a wimp like me. Next we both had the Lobster Miso soup. The lobster was fresh and yummy, but the soup was actually fairly spicy, not resembling traditional miso soup at all. We ordered another sashimi plate that is brought out on a block of rock salt (can't remember the name). Unfortunately the server left it sitting for 5 minutes and the fish absorbed too much of the salt. Avoid this dish. The selection of sushi we ordered was spectacular except for the octopus. By now we were on our 3rd or 4th Orion and were ready for dessert. Our waiter recommended the Kinaco Tiramisu- get this! It was so scrumptious. The ice cream mochi was good (hard to mess that up) and the Mango Sashimi was meh. Not 5 stars because for the price you don't get a fine dining experience. Our bill was $200, which is a lot when you're still smelling traces of casino smoke and watching groups of wannabe frat boys passing by.
4	This is the best sushi in Las Vegas and the chefs here are fantastically generous.  Surprising to some, some places in Las Vegas do have closing times.  We showed up 15 minutes before closing time but the chefs generously invited us in, and we had deliciously fresh sushi to our hearts' content.
5	We always bury ourselves in the MGM when visiting Vegas, and I'm glad we finally went to Shibuya! We usually don't take the time to have a sit-down dinner in Vegas, it's all business.  But this place was awesome.  It is easily the BEST service I've experienced.  Our waiter was amazing, and I wish I would've remembered his name. I would write a hand-written rec to his manager and the hotel manager as well....ANYWAYS.Here's our menu:Kanpachi - young yellow tailChu-toro - medium fatty tunaSalmon &amp; Black cod - pineapple miso salmonBraised kobe short rib &amp; Seared foie gras Hamachi - yellow tailIkura - salmon roeAkami - blue fin tunaHokkaio roll - spicy scallop, asparagus topped with scorched salmonRyu (dragon roll) - freshwater eel, cucumber, mango, avocadoKinaco Tiramisu Choco LycheeWe thoroughly enjoyed our meal, everything was delicious!!!
5	i made a conscious effort to only post reviews for bay area hot spots, but this gem cannot be ignored.i've been here several times already with the fams (filipinos are big on teppanyaki) but came here again a couple weeks ago with the company. since everything is expensed, i figured i might as well go big. and boy did i go BIG.i love kobe beef. i plan on naming my first son kobe after the meat. that's real talk. but it's really hard to find the real deal. chances are, when you see kobe beef on a menu, it's not imported from japan. it may be certified "japanese grade" beef to american standards... but that's a bunch of bullshit. like chris brown and his songs of lies.when you eat kobe beef, all you have to do is bite into it and it will melt in your mouth. upon completion, you'll transcend to a state of euphoria. no other cut compares, i swear. at shibuya, their beef did just that. so if you want to understand the meaning of life, eat a REAL kobe steak. i guarantee it's authentic here.
4	Let me preface this by saying that this place is only 4 stars if you don't mind dropping some major dough.  As for me, I was graciously treated to dinner here!Super Yummy list: AUSTRALIAN KOBE BEEF TATAKI  with Red Onions, Lemon Tamari Soy and Tarragon Oil WHITE FISH SASHIMI with Miso Yuzu Emulsion, Crunchy Rice, Black Hawaiian SaltGood list: THE SUSHI... Specifically, I ateMIFUNE Soft Shell Crab, Tobiko, Scallion, Daikon Katsura With Spicy AioliNIJI (RAINBOW)Crab meat, Avocado Wrapped in Tuna, Yellow Tail, Salmon, Fluke, Shrimp and Young Yellow TailRYU (DRAGON) Freshwater Eel, Cucumber, Mango with AvocadoSPICY TUNAMACKEREL OK list:LOBSTER MISO SOUPEDAMAME*See pics*
4	For Vegas (Inside MGM), this place isn't over the top in ambiance or decor but their food is great.  Place is pretty small but you can get sushi and appetizers to share that are pretty impressive.  Been here a few times and it's been consistent as far as food and service.
5	Everything in Vegas is over the top, just the way I like it!  Our server was a cute Asian dude who was certified in Sake.  Very qualified for his job.  I got the Salmon and Black Cod duo.  It was pineapple miso salmon and shiro miso boiled black cod.  Very tasty.  Both were cooked perfectly, the salmon not too dry.  Kind of strange that I had to order a cup of rice for three dollars.  Every good Asian restaurant should know that rice comes with every meal!  The atmosphere was cool, a very romantic place to take your date.
4	Extravagant.Stepping inside this marvel of a sushi house, you can not help but be encapsulated in a trance like awe from the sky high interior touches that jump down the elegant spectrum of color.A mind blowing backdrop adorns the bar seats, shifting colors like the currents of the sea. Simply breathtaking.We had a great table, hidden in between the iron vines that drape the restaurant throughout. It leaves all the guests feeling like they are in their own private space, while still having access to valuable eye time.Clockwork would be the best way to describe the service here. Top notch, meticulous, and keen on you.We ordered an array of dishes, all of which were consumed in a manner quite the opposite of the art needed to build them, but nonetheless, delicious.My one complaint however, is that the portions truly aren't enough. I understand I'm in Vegas, sitting in a Michelin Rated restaurant, but I still want to feel full.Can a place like Kyoto, Sushi Hunter or Nara compare in elegance to Shibuya, never. But when I want sushi, I'd prefer one of these spots.A delightful meal, decor that left you thinking you were dreaming,and a staff that truly dines you, makes this a must stop when in Vegas.
4	The restaurant you must check out in MGM. Artistic display of the fresh sushi, 150 different kind of Sake & nice ambience. Sushi bar is a good place to sit for a group of two or three people. Must try: yellow tail.
1	Totally disappointed - over priced and they were totally put out that we arrived 20 minutes prior to closing.  Sorry, but if you are open when we get there, it's still business for you.
5	I had dinner here Feb 2009 while on a snowboarding trip up Mt. Charleston with my best friend. Although we didn't stay at the MGM... I made a note to self that we must have dinner here with the Hawaii fam bam. I really love this place... I love the ambiance and the seating arrangments are cool... and everyone that night on the table enjoyed their meal. I ordered the shrimp tempura roll and shrimp tempura for my main dish! My friend ordered the seared Ahi. My friends mom and sister ordered the steak. Everything was really good. If I can remember this place didn't have much selection and was on the pricy side, but hey... you're in LV, so treat yourself to some good japanese... instead of paying the same price for buffet. The quality was excellent and you'll walk out feeling satisfied. When I go back to LV and I'm in the mood for japanese, I'll be sure to come back here to get my fix.***** 5 stars for best meal I had in LV!** Check out my pictures I posted! yummm!
5	I actually had two meals here on my recent trip to Vegas.  The first was part of Vegas Uncorked.  The experience started with a group presentation by Chef Stephane Chevet and Chef Yoshinori Nakazawa. We then tasted several wonderful Sake's.  Next came a chance to display our Sushi making "skills".  After drinking the Sake' this was really fun!  Finally, we were treated to a traditional Japanese Bento Box Luncheon. This included:1. Kyoto Miso Soup with Tofu and Mitsuba. I am not a fan of Miso soup, but this was really good.2.California Roll.  They used REAL Snow Crab!3. Salmon and Tuna Nigiri. Fresh and tasty.4. Pineapple Miso Salmon. My least favorite item, but still pretty good.5. Braised Kobe-Style Tendon.  When I saw "tendon" I wasn't expecting much, but it was tender, rich and flavorful!6. Chocolate Lychee Mousse Cake.  I don't think I've had anything Lychee before, so I wasn't sure what to expect, but the sweetness of the Lychee worked well with the dark Mousse.The next night I went back for more Sushi.  I had the Salmon and Unagi.  Both were fresh and wonderful.  Then I decided to splurge on the Toro which was rich, fatty and delicious!  The Sushi Bar is wheelchair accessible and the  staff is professional and friendly.
4	I could have easily given this place 5 stars had I dined with foodies, but since my friends aren't big food lovers, they would rather spend their money elsewhere than splurge on good food. This place is pricey. You get small portions for the price so I was left utterly HUNGRY.  We divided the pineapple miso salmon and shiro miso boiled black cod among the four of us.  I had enough just for a tasting and my stomach yearned for more.  Then came the 3 sushi rolls we ordered.  The fish was incredibly fresh and the rolls looked lovely, but it was just a tease to my tastebuds.  After finishing the rolls, I was only half way full. =(The bill came out to just over a benjamin. So what did we do to fill our tummys?    Mickey D's! Yea, I know, a total foodie no no. We went from fine dining to fast food. But hey, who can really turn down those crisp golden fries? ;)  I need more foodie friends.  Eat at Shibuya but make sure you're willing to spend!!
5	My boyfriend and I stayed at the MGM Grand recently, and were delighted to see that one of the top Japanese/sushi bars in Las Vegas could be found 9 floors below us. We made reservations at Shibuya for a Wednesday night, at 8:00pm, although reservations probably weren't totally necessary, but whatever. From the hostess taking our reservations, to our waiter taking our bill, everyone who helped serve us were very attentive. We got a bottle of Sake, which I thought was a must. Now, yes, Shibuya may have been a little pricey, but it wasn't absurd. I've been to plenty of sushi restaurants, and I know quality when I see it, and definitely taste it, as in this instance. We ordered several pieces of sushi including the fatty tuna, and it was some of the best I had ever had. We also ordered the Shibuya Roll as well, and that was delicious as well. Oh yeah, we also had Oyster shooters as an appetizer as well. Nothing we ate that night smelled like fish, or tasted frozen. (You can tell if fish has been frozen by the excessive amount of water build up you get when biting into a piece of fish). Anyways, the portions were not small by any means. I think they were actually quite generous. I always believe that you get what you pay for, and this experience was well worth it. If you wanna be cheap, go down to the McDonald's just a couple feet down the path. I would highly recommend Shibuya to friends and family, and can't wait to go again, even if I don't stay at the MGM. Hope this helps...
3	Shibuya had a very nice glass/light fixture above the bar that changed colors.  In addition to that, the restaurant had a lot of things going on with the interior.  It kind of reminded me of those Hell's Kitchen finales where the aspiring chefs throw all sorts of fancy designs/styles into their restaurant hoping something will stick.The food here was good.  They offered a wide variety of warm and cold Japanese dishes.  The service was good, and the hostesses/waitresses were attractive (if you were interested).  Everything was well prepared and nothing really tasted bad.  The prices were pretty high--almost ridiculously high.  That being said, fine dining Vegas restaurants due tend to be a little overpriced compared to other cities.
3	I was so surprised that I didn't like this place. I wanted to love it, but I couldn't. No one in our party of five was impressed either. Sure, Shibuya has a nicely decorated interior. The tables are set far enough from each other to give each party their privacy. However, the food...well that's a completely different story. We decided to eat here before the big Pacquiao/Hutton fight. My parents ordered the pre fixed spring menu. My brother, boyfriend, and I ordered an assortment of items from the a la carte menu. When our orders came out they looked fabulous. But as soon as we began eating, it was obvious that the food was whatever, nothing special, and heavily overpriced. We tried the raw oysters, some sushi, some rolls, the black cod, and the steaks. None lived up to our expectations. We all really love Japanese food. Heck, we've even traveled to Japan primarily for the food. Anyway, I don't think I'll be coming back to Shibuya. I'd much rather go next door to Craftsteak (which is my favorite restaurant in Vegas).
4	Four of us went here on a Friday night and chose the spring tasting menu. This was a really good deal and the food was really nice.  Food: We had some yellowtail, some sort of mayonaisey shrimp, some black cod and salmon, and some beef dish. And it ended with mochi ice cream assortment. The portions were small but we were all super full by the end. I'd say this place is comparable to Nobu....although tough to tell because the one time that I went to Nobu, my dining companion and I had been far more adventurous with our selections and so I favor that restaurant over Shibuya in the food department for that reason alone.Service: Our waiter was a little too obsequious and at the same time, there were stretches where I felt a little ignored. Overall though it was good service. The courses were spaced wide apart which was sort of wierd but it wasn't an issue.Ambiance: I have to admit this was my favorite part. The lighting is low and chic and the tables are separated by what looks like installations of wooden seaweed stretching to the high ceilings. It felt very fun but very stylish. Also even though it was crowded in there, it was not a total shit show and it was not filled with dbags, which is very nice when you're in Vegas. I'd definitely go back.
5	THE BEST JAPANESE DINING EXPERIENCE EVER! The service was impeccable. Our server was very attentive; she came and refilled our drinks very often. Cleared our plates as soon as we were done. I don't know my sakes very well, I just know I like them cold, unfiltered and fruity. She made some very good recommendations and even brought us business cards with the name & description of the different sake we had for the night so I can find them elsewhere. We ordered the chef's tasting menu and everything was delicious. Every dish was flavorful and different. It was Japanese food extreme! I can't wait to go back!
4	The ambiance, service, fresh seafood/sushi, and entertaining sushi chef made this place a great experience. Being called "Mr. Bao" was as a bit pretentious, but it was a unique touch. While the menu was pricey, you can't expect to get such a dining experience in vegas for anything less.
4	Great atmosphere, great service and of course excellent sushi add up to an amazing dining experience. The fish was fresh, especially the well-marbled toro.
1	Nice atmosphere and good service, but the food was inconsistent.  We ordered the chef's selection and, with the exception of the hamachi sashimi (which was exceptional), the meal ranged from forgettable to simply bad.  The low point being a stale tasting spider roll with a strip of nori so tough it could have been used as dental floss.  We finished off this disappointing meal with mochi that, based on it's tough, chewy and dry skin, I can only assume had been stored uncovered in the freezer.  Yuck.
4	I had my birthday dinner here and they were very accommodating. We had 13 guests and were seated and served promptly. I ordered the cucumber roll and the black cod and pineapple miso salmon. The cucumber roll was not my favorite because most places slice the cucumber thinly, as they would in a california roll, but here, they just put a huge chunk of cucumber =( The black cod and pineapple miso salmon were both amazing... the black cod was my favorite but that's because I'm super picky with my salmon, although the pineapple miso was interesting and very flavorful. I had some of my friends' mushroom salad and that was very delicious as well. I took off a star, because they didn't have any free desserts for birthdays so instead my friends had to buy me a tiramisu from them and they still charged us... The food was really good though!
5	i had the pineapple miso salmon and shiro miso boiled black cod. it wasn't bad, but i think that the sauce for the black cod was too heavy for me. i guess i was hoping that it'd be nice and light, but it wasn't. i actually asked my friends to finish the rest of it for me (as little as the pieces of fish were) because i could not eat it. otherwise, the rest of the food we got was excellent! the hamachi was very fresh and the rolls were not too big. i'd come back here =D
3	came here with Grace C. for her birthday and i thought it was ok.  i ordered the sashito peppers which was really yummy.  I have always wanted to try it and decided to order it.  the waiter said 1 in 20 are usually spicy.  I only got 1 spicy one which kinda sucked because i like spicy food!! =P  they were kinda crispy on the outside.  the sauce on it was yummy!  i also ordered the shibuya roll which was a disappointment.  They have these tiny rice cracker balls on the outside of the roll that cover the taste of everything in the roll.  I felt like i was eating rice crackers.  boo! =( don't order the shibuya roll! my friend had the hokaido roll which was really good.  She asked them to not torch the salmon which i thought was a great idea!
5	AMAZINGThis is really all I have to say about this restaurant. I ate fish for the first time in over two years here. It was absolutely worth it.First off, the service was outstanding. We were a party of 8 and in a bit of a hurry as we had a 7 o'clock show to make. Despite having arrived late to our reservation, the waitstaff were extremely attentive and quick.I had the lycheetini and my best friend had the momo to start, both of which were soooo good. We later had the long islands, getting us absolutely hammered. Other people in our party had white ale and sake - reviews were good all around the table.Three of us shared a platter, along with the spicy tuna and california rolls - more than enough for us. The cod was super amazing - like butter in your mouth. Seriously.There's really too much to say about this place. You just need to check it out for yourself if you feel like a treat - it was a $900 bill for the eight of us, so definitely a splurge.
4	A good friend recommended Shibuya, and when I found the summer tasting menu I was hooked.This restaurant has always looked so inviting - the decor and the sushi chefs lined up working behind the counter provide an ambience that is amazing -even though it is right on the distracting studio walk in the MGM.I sat at the counter to enjoy watching the chefs prepare the various forms of sushi, and to my uneducated eye, it was a totally enjoyable performance.  The tasting menu included so many excellent choices, but I decided on the spicy tuna roll and the main course of pineapple miso salmon and Shiro Miso black cod.They were excellent.The dinner was toally enjoyable and well worth a return trip.Following the many reviews, I think a return trip will require a tasting of the tempura selections.The service is supurb.The atmosphere is engaging.The dining experience is unique.
4	Great atmosphere! And the server we got was wonderful! It's definitely on the expensive end but I think it's well worth it. I'm big on the aesthetics. There's a wall of sake in one of the dining rooms which is very Asian inspired with bamboo decor. In the room that I dined in there was a wall behind the sushi bar with neat glass art, which had a screen behind it. The images from the screen became distorted, making it look like a kaleidoscope. The waiter my friends and I got was very friendly and knowledgeable about the items on the menu.  He was willing to suggest certain rolls to try. I would definitely come here again for a nice elegant dinner.
3	The sushi here was very fresh and well presented. The staff was only somewhat attentive, which I don't find to be acceptable when you are paying this much for a meal. The restaurant is very well designed and it's a great place to have a quiet meal in Vegas. Wine list was decent.
1	The decor is great & the service is good, but the food isn't very good. I want to like it because it looks so nice, but the sushi is no better than any average place in Vegas. We had lobster miso soup,Caliorina rolls, tiger rolls & kenko rolls, none of them anything special. For the price I was expecting to have much better sushi. Nearly any place in Vegas is better than this. I wouldn't return.
4	The food, service, atmosphere is all excellent; the only thing I can't get over is the price tag with what you get. Sure, the flavor of the food makes up for whatever you lack in portion size, but you will pay a pretty penny for it all. Relatively speaking, you can do a lot worse in Vegas (either poorer portion size : cost ratio or even lesser quality food) so I can't really come down too hard on this place. My favorite piece was Pork Crisp - it was the unanimous favorite amongst the entire party that evening. Every dish we ordered was fresh and we never had to wait on our server the entire night for anything; he was always available and provided great recommendations for our party that evening. Aside from the price tag, I found no major fault with this place - I highly recommend it either for groups or for a night out for two.
5	I've been here two times and this is one of the only places I know that does lobster sashimi. They basically give you a live lobster head so that it is still twitching at your table, and feed you the fresh sashimi slices. OMG IT IS THE BEST!! To not waste the rest of the lobster, they serve it to you battered up and tempura style, and then a soup. Delicious!! But very expensive, I believe it will cost you $260 just for that. The decor is beautiful and the sea bass and lobster salad are 2 other notable dishes. Extraordinary cuisine at MGM.
5	Stayed @ MGM for the July 4th weekend and got $50 fine dining credit.  All restaurants offered a summer tasting menu but we destined here. The tasting menu is a 4-courses meal in addition to complimentary edamame. Everything we ate was fantastic except for the spicy tuna roll - pretty much basic which you can get anywhere else. My duo fish entree literally metled in the mouth - nicely flavored with miso sauce and it was prettily presented. The best fish i've ever eaten at a restaurant - so moist and cooked just right. I think the secret ingredients for the night was tangerine peels. It's very subtle in all of the dishes but I can detect the freshness of the rind which was wonderful. Well, I guess it was aptly used for their SUMMER menu after all.
5	dude. this place is good. our server was excellent and the service overall was incredible. the food was also amazing. we tried the shi shi to peppers, yellowtail, oyster tasting, spicy tuna roll, and spider roll. all very tasty.
4	We always do steakhouses primarily when dining in LV, but we thought we would give Shibuya a try to mix things up.  We experienced the fall tasting menu one year ago, and I just looked at the current fall tasting menu and it doesn't look like they changed too much.The edamame was great.  The hubby had the rock shrimp tempura and I enjoyed a preparation of cod two ways.  Both the appetizers and entrees were delicious, but we weren't too impressed with the sampling of desserts.  Hubby also enjoyed the sake sampling...it about knocked him on his arse!  The sake was very clean-tasting though!Service was excellent and we were seated at a table in front of the bar area.  It was entertaining to see the images and colors change on the bar back wall as well.I will rate 4 out of 5 stars mainly because we felt hungry about an hour later, hahaha.
2	I dined here on Oct 9th, 2009.Party of two, fiancee and me.We ordered the salt block sashimi appetizer,oyster tasting, a carafe of sake,she had the kobe short rib entree,I had the lobster and scallop entree.We also had one rainbow roll.Total bill was about $170 not including tip.The appetizers were fresh and interesting.The sake was of a good quality.The rainbow roll was good.  the fish was of fresh quality.The entrees were just about average and the portion was small.Though we were very full by the end of the evening (the steamed rice might have helped),I didn't feel like we had a dining experience.Again, the appetizers were tasty, though small.The entrees struck me as a bit bland.  The short rib was a bit tough, considering it was braised and kobe, I was very surprised at how dense and chewy it was.The lobster and scallop was smothered in a sauce that struck me as bland, and the scallop was not cooked very thoroughly, and it wasn't raw either.  thorough or raw would've resulted in a more tender meat than what I was served.  I had a spongy warm chewy experience.I suppose the only plusses were the alcohol and the fish.  I'd hate to say "Stay away from the kitchen" without trying more of their food, but at their prices, I wouldn't even bother.I was not impressed.  I've had better, and I've had it for less.
5	This restaurant was truly great.  As is typical with Vegas, the place is enormous and dozens of people are eating at the same time.  That being said, I had the $115  tasting menu +  the $55 sake tasting menu and loved them both.  With the sake tasting, they bring you a card describing each sake.  Each course of sake is matched with a food course to complement one another.  The food was excellent and service friendly.
5	Shibuya is really stunning.Because it's Vegas, they can get away with a decor that's unlike any other restaurant in the world: walls that look like trees, large dark tables, a massive sushi bar, a wall of sake.  It works, if you're willing to relax and enjoy it.We had edamame -- fresh, juicy, crisp, a tiny bit too salty but still very good.  The oyster tasting -- I haven't had oysters in many, many years, but I decided to take a chance, and the oyster tasting at Shibuya was the best thing I had the whole trip.  Yes, oysters in the middle of the desert, I was worried too...but they were amazing, beautifully prepared, and delicious.  I did the sake tasting as well, which was wonderful, and then two of the specialty rolls (the Shibuya roll and the Hokkaido roll -- the Shibuya roll was not spectacular, but very interesting; however, the Hokkaido roll was truly wonderful).  It was really excellent food, beautifully prepared.
5	Again, im not a sushi lover but i would have to say this place is amazing.Aside from its trendy atmosphere and excellent service, I really liked their warm plates. I recommend...KUROBUTA PORK CRISP4 Hour Braised Black Pork Seared Tofu, Nihon GlazeJAPANESE WAGYU STRIPLOIN4 oz A4 , Black Truffle Ponzu, Roasted Shimeji and Maitake MushroomsSALMON AND BLACK CODPineapple Miso Salmon, Shiro Miso Black Codall of these dishes really satisfied my food fantasies. The crunchy shell made the pork very delightful to eat and the tofu on top made the display really pretty. And again being the well done meat eater that i am the wagyu beef was cooked perfectly and served deliciously with the maitake mushrooms and a light soy sauce...For what you pay for, i really couldnt ask for more. Its a bit pricey but well worth the fresh fish and delicious warm plates...
5	I loved this place!! They provided a variety of affordable tasting menus ( $55 - $115) where each item on each menu sounded great. I had the $115 tasting menu which consisted of 10 courses.each course was amazing!! i wanted more of each! it started with the oyster then the hamachi sashimi, the nigiri,scallop, lobster, kobe, lobster miso, dessert .. etceverything was perfect and left you craving for more, I really wanted to go back for dinner again the next night. I liked this more than Gary Danko and paying $115 for such a great variety of food was a steal.
4	On a recent trip to Vegas with my friends, I ordered the following:Shibuya roll- good combination of fish but I wasn't really a fanTiger roll- LOVED it!!!!!! the spicy tuna on top was so good I had to order the spicy tuna rollSpicy tuna roll- absolutely delicious, was already full but the thought of possibly never having their spicy tuna again in my life compelled me to order thisMy friends raved about their dishes as well. Basically, the only thing holding me back from giving them 5 stars is the pricing. At least the quality of the fish was top notch.
4	I visited Shibuya about a year ago with my girlfriend and another couple.  It was fantastic!  We all enjoyed the tasting experience, which made for a unique meal.  That was the key.  We were all served the same dishes at the same time so we could discuss the different flavors and what we liked the best.  It was really fun.The service was impeccable.  The cocktails were also very good.  The location is inside of the MGM Grand.  The price was high, but it was worth it for a lasting memory with friends.  Definitely a place to enjoy a special occasion, the way we did.
1	Ridiculously overpriced for the quality. I guess you're paying top dollars for the atmosphere not the food.  I couldn't believe I spent $70 for one albacore nigiri,  one hotate nigiri, and 4 paper thin slices of chutoro that I couldn't even taste, oh yea and that groose kinako tiramisu which the waiter recommended.  I don't mind spending money on good food but this place was a joke.I would not come here again. What a waste of money, good thing it wasn't my money....
1	I'm glad to see that I'm not the only person rating this restaurant with only 1 star.  In fact, if I can give ZERO, I would.I don't care how trendy this restaurant looks.  First thing first, the sushi is way over priced.  $40 for 2 tiny pieces of Toro and it's OLD toro which was chewy and NOT fresh.  I've had way better Toro so yes, if I made a face eating your crap and it shows, deal with it.Service was so-so.  The waiter could barely hide his disappointment when we opted for green tea (at around $5-$10 a pot) versus sake or other alcoholic drinks.  The rest of our sushi order was so-so.  Really nothing spectacular that you cannot find in a decent sushi place.  Nothing stood out.I sat in front of the chefs who barely communicated amongst themselves and not once with the customers.  It was kind of sad actually.  The sushi production was akin to a factory line.  It's also ridiculous that I have to communicate my order to my waiter who then had to convey the order to another server who had to walk 30 seconds to the chef to finally give the order.Who was making the sushi right in front of me.
4	Halloween VEGAS REVIEW - part 4Hey, where do you feel like eating?That's right! We ate here right before heading out for a night of clubbin and debauchery. I left the ordering in the more than capable hands of my friend. He had ordered a lot of things but most importantly he got me my uni and a bottle of sake. I, of course followed up with a big bottle of Asahi. You can never go wrong with Asahi. Especially a big bottle of Asahi. It helps set the tone of the night, if you get my meaning. Though coupled with lack of sleep and many, many, many liquid stay awake aids I have barely have any idea what I ate. And it was great... great this, great that but it was nothing too crazy. Just a lot of simple fare done really well. Though the staff was a little off, though it may have been our overpowering conversation about casual sex. I do remember all of the food being fresh without a hint of ocean staleness. And if you know uni as well as I do, you know you can't fake freshness. I love uni! Hell, one dish they even made the sauce with UNI! ZOMG!*drool;D
3	I came here two nights ago for dinner with three of my friends. The restaurant itself was very nice and the waiters were friendly. We ordered the Shiabki Tuna Tar tar, Sashimi Salad, Yellow Tail, the chicken warm plate, and the Niji Roll along with a bottle of sparkling sake. The sashimi was very fresh, however I was disappointed with the portions of our cold plates because we were told that the menu is family style. The tuna tar tar was very small, I would say it was an indiviual bite size portion and the niji roll was pretty small as well. The sashimi salad was the best dish we had and we ordered a second  one because the portions didn't fill us up. This place is nice, I just wish the portions were a little bigger since it's meant to be family style.
5	I loved this restaurant! It's really nice and fancy looking (it's inside the MGM). I loved the food and I don't eat seafood!  The service was very, very good. Overall, an awesome dinning experience! We will definitely eat here on our next Vegas trip!
5	Another night done right! I came to LV to celebrate a friends birthday and I had been recently studying a lot about the vegas architecture before my visit. Since Shibuya was 1) sushi and 2) within walking distance from our hotel room. It was really my 1st decision to  come eat here. I knew ahead of time that my visit here would be expensive. I ordered everything I wanted but was upset that I had not grabbed enough cash- (Mistake)I'm not a cash conservative but when drunk I like playing with cash more and not plastic for (obvious reasons). anyway: My table of friends could not all chalk up to spending what would cost us a pair of shoes and for that the visit was slightly awkward. Although, it did not stop me from enjoying my food and my experience. The ambiance is amazing, the sparkling changing overhead when you first enter and the space usage of their restaurant.  It looks big but it's not it's average size spaced proportionally to make the restaurant appear large. I wasn't a fan of the rock solid seating they had or the dark lighting which seemed to be a theme for vegas hotel restaurants. (Romantic "creepy") our waiter on the other hand fell a bit short. and something I'm use to with service these days. Our waiter never told us how much add ons were if we could not find it on the menu. (he also) cleverly had a dear friend order something she assumed would be least expensive, which turned out to be the most expensive item on our bill. Oh he was dirty! but none the less....I'll be back shibuya with my plastic friend!!! Everything about you is perfection! xo
3	I had better japanese food in vegas. So supposedly, portions are family style, but hmm..why does it feel like it is suitable for ONE person? Everything was like in mini sizes, which of course barely made us full. I will have to say the sashimi salad was really good, but even better if the sashimi was chopped up into smaller pieces instead of giving us one full piece. My friends and I also ordered the chicken warm plate and it tasted so dry!!!The restaurant is really nice, and i love their decor. Service was also great as well. Wish portions were a bit bigger though.
4	We enjoyed the fall set menu great salad with zesty dressing, each course was very good & all courses were good size portions from the sashimi to sushi. The mi-so black cod is excellent & I enjoyed the tempura plate All portions are well served in an attractive manner & the service is very good The fall set menu is very good value & I can highly recommend
5	Just wanted to add that we went back this past Thanksgiving weekend and had the Futari Omakase and it was AWESOME! Food was plentiful, delicious and served in unique presentations.  Love this place :)
5	After eating here, I realize what a difference quality and experience makes.   Every single thing we had was absolutely amazing and super fresh.  Tuna and Yellowtail nigiri were SO AMAZING!We had several other dishes I can hardly remember due to lack of sleep, but I remember savoring every bite.Service is great, atmosphere/music is great as well.
4	MGM has many good restaurants and Shibuya is one of them.  Everything we ordered here was soooooo GOOD!  The dishes that made me drool were the wagyu striploin (Black Truffle Ponzu, Roasted Shimeji, Maitake Mushrooms) and the lobster & scallop (Baby Carrots, Edamame, Tamaki Rice, Uni Butter Sauce).  I could've finished these servings myself!  The striploin was tender and seasoned to perfection.  And the mushrooms were very tasty!  The uni butter sauce that cradled the seafood was delicious.  Just give me a bowl of rice with this sauce and I'm good to go!  We also ordered the hamachi and chu toro but they didn't stand out.  My cranberry vodka drink was ok however the striploin and lobster/scallop dishes make me want to come back for more!!
3	To sum it up: Nobu clone. Sake selection was impressive, but overpriced in a major way. Atmosphere is outstanding, and the room is quieter than Nobu (which can get extremely loud). Shibuya markets itself as something of a sake destination. They have sake sommeliers who did an adequate job of suggesting bottles for us. As a sake fiend though, I found their selections a bit pedestrian and too safe. Big list though, so a good place to go for sake sampling if you are new to sake. I won't go back, but only because I think my standards are higher for this price. Shibuya is obviously high-caliber style dining, but it just didn't strike me right for the price and what I got. I think the clumsy sake selection and insultingly overpriced sake list tainted my overall impression. Might go back to have a Sapporo and focus on the food if it's convenient.
4	I tried out the chef's special which has small samples of a bunch of dishes and it was excellent! Every dish brings something unique to the dinner table and it was my first trial of Japanese wagyu A4 beef.  The wagyu was actually a little disappointing for the price...maybe I hyped it up in my  head too much.  All the other dishes were absolutely amazing and definitely worth a try. The atmosphere is also very nice, so this place would get 5 stars if the price was a little more reasonable.
4	Shibuya - ya - ya shibuya.... so - Delcious - for ya!We ordered:*Yellowtail Sashimi - I would have it again.*Salmon and Black Cod - We would have it again.*Florida Rock Shrimp Tempura - We would have it again.*Hannya - I'm not that into soft shell crabs and I would actually have this again.
4	It's good here.  Sure it's a little pricey here, but unlike other Las Vegas restaurants like Tao, this place earns my cold hard cash.The restaurant is the first one in MGM Grand's restaurant row.  There is a huge sushi bar for those that like to sit at the bar and watch the sushi chefs do their work.We ordered an assortment of sushi, and I gotta say the Toro Tuna was a hit!  I love how the Toro Tuna melts in your mouth while you taste the fattiness of the tuna.  Gawd, this is the way sushi should be.  It makes you want to savor every bite, every morsel of the fish.In addition to the sushi, we also order some Kobe beef.  This beef is so tender and has a nice texture to it.  I mean, you would enjoy sucking the taste of this Kobe beef.  No joke.So if you're in the mood for some Japanese food, this place is good.  However, expect to pay some money for a delectable dinner.
5	Hands down my favorite Japanese restaurant in Las Vegas. Be prepared to shell out though if you want the best of the best that they offer. Also make sure you make reservations if you plan on going during the weekends as the wait can get up to 2hrs. Lets just say anything MP, you cant go wrong.  First their Waygu is first class - Get the sashimi version as I think it's even better than the cooked version. If it's the one plate you are gonna get then it would be that one. And again you can't go wrong with their Otoro or Chutoro as both are like butter melting in your mouth. Even the MP tofu was freaking good, this coming from someone who doesn't even like tofu.
4	Very excellent sushi and sake selection.  Unfortunately I think I got the worst table in the house as I was a single diner, even though I had made a reservation.  I was stuck in a very busy service well, with a view of nothing.  Oh well the food was great.  Service was a little lax, when I had a question or when I needed a napkin it was nearly impossible to get anyone to stop for me.  I had Abalone sashimi, a very delicious crab miso soup, shishito peppers, a selection of beautiful seaweed salads, hamachi sashimi with different styles of wasabi, and a sushi sample plate.  The only thing disappointing about the food was I had asked for an exciting plate of what the chef recommended for the evening and got a plate of very ordinary sushi.  Still tasted excellent though.  I had a bottle of Wataribune Junmai Daiginjo Sake with my meal, at an expensive but reasonable for Vegas price.  I think I would have liked to have been spoiled a little more for the price I was paying but still overall an enjoyable experience.
4	one of my favorite sushi place besides Little Buddha! Service- food came out fast, waiters were attentive.Food: Toto tartare- this plate had a very nice presentation, there was even gold flakes and black caviar! Yumma tartare!Hanna roll- i'm still not a big fan of spider crab, but the fish on the roll was good.Spicy yellowtail jalapeno- not spicy at all, but large pieces of yellowtail.Drinks- lychee martini- strong alcohol taste with a lychee fruitraspberry martini- tastes less strong, more fruitier with a raspberry fruitBill was around $90+
4	My wife and I are both fans of Shibuya.  They have some unusual offerings, including some with Kobe beef that are really incredible and delicious. The sushi is always extremely fresh and perfectly presented.  A very nice selection of Sake.The one drawback in my opinion is that setting at the sushi bar is not that much fun, and why I didn't give it a fifth star.  The sushi chefs are fun to watch, but are not all all engaging, even when you try.  I know they are busy, but the true masters like Sam Okamoto can work with blazing speed while being entertaining an engaging.  Based on food and service alone this place is very much worth a try for any fans of sushi while in Vegas.
1	I am a big fan of Japanese food and have eaten it all over the USA and in Japan as well. I was looking forward to sampling the fare at Shibuya during my stay at the MGM Grand. My experiences with other restaurants there (Seablue, Wolfgang Puck) led me to anticipate an awesome experience. Instead, it was a huge disappointment.The restaurant itself is nicely laid out with plenty of tables and a long sushi bar, as well as a teppanyaki (steakhouse) area. It is very attractive with an Asian-influenced contemporary decor. We visited the restaurant on a Friday evening, and because one member of our party was not a big sushi fan, we opted to sit in the teppanyaki area. Although you are ordering from the steakhouse menu, you can also order selections from the sushi bar.The restaurant was fairly busy except for the teppanyaki area--this should have been our first clue that something was amiss. The service in this section can be generously described as "leisurely" -- there really was a lack of attention. The waiter forgot our drink orders, made mistakes on the sushi items we ordered (although did offer to fix them) and forgot to serve our rice (burnt) until our meal was half-completed. One nit-pick: the sweaty bus boys were clothed in t-shirts and dirty aprons. For the level of service billed, I find this to be totally inappropriate--they should have been wearing a vest or jacket of some sort.This leads me to my next complaint. We had the worst teppanyaki chef I have ever seen in my life. In my opinion, teppanyaki is an art. The chef needs to be friendly, entertaining and interact with his patrons. There was absolutely no "show" at all (knife skills, food acrobatics, etc.) that characterizes a true teppanyaki restaurant. The chef's interaction with our party was limited to a few mumbled words. The chefs should be Japanese, although it isn't absolutely necessary, but does enhance the experience. Finally, the food portions were microscopic--disappointing given the prices charged. Generally speaking, food cost is just a tiny portion of the overall restaurant overhead, labor comprising the majority. They could have at least offered a decent-sized portion.We only ordered a few sushi items so I don't know if I can fairly assess the sushi bar. I found the maki to be completely unremarkable and I could probably order as good or better rolls at my neighborhood sushi-ya. The hamachi (yellowtail) didn't taste as fresh as what I had in the yellowtail crudo at Seablue. Freshness is absolutely essential for a successful sushi restaurant.I suppose this review seems harsh, but the restaurant displays the AAA Four Diamond award at the front of the house, and I expect far more for Four Diamonds that what we received. We spent over $300 for three people, and was totally unimpressed by this restaurant. Perhaps the sushi bar is much better, but I don't think I'd risk another bad and high-priced adventure here. There must be better options for sushi in Las Vegas, and there are definitely better options for dining at the MGM Grand than Shibuya. [Update: See my review for Ichiza in Las Vegas, a great off-Strip Japanese restaurant.]
4	I'm normally skeptical of restaurants inside casinos, especially "family-friendly" casinos such as the MGM Grand. Not only was I NOT disappointed with Shibuya, I was actually quite impressed! The food, in a word, is exquisite. I went with a group of about 6 or 7 people back in Jan. '06, and everything we ordered was amazing. The fish was fresh, the flavors were intense, and the combinations were inventive. The drinks were incredible as well -- you owe it to yourself to spend some time looking through their sake menu. Even if you've never tried sake before -- or even if you claim to "hate" sake -- you're gauranteed to find something you'll like. Don't be afraid to ask your waiter for suggestions; ours brought one particular type to my attention that I'd never tried before: naturally sparkling, Nigori-style sake. It was incredible. Be prepared for a large bill, however. Hey -- it's Vegas, baby! Pros: Incredible Japanese food, sake and ambiance. Cons: Incredibly expensive!
5	With tickets to a show at MGM Grand Casino, we arrived early to find a restaurant to try out.  I'm glad we stumbled upon Shibuya.  Luckily we didn't need reservations on a Friday night at around 7:30pm.  I wouldn't consider myself an expert at Japanese cuisine & Sushi, however it is among my favorite cuisines after Indian, Thai and Vietnamese.  The waiter was top notch and offered a perfect selection of sake to accompany the dinner.  The atmosphere was also hip and sexy.  Behind the sushi bar was a large multi-screen piece of video art with hundreds of mirrors and glass pieces.  The design was constantly changing and was an enjoyable part of the dinner.  I went all out and ordered the Chef's tasting menu for around $120 (for one person), which included 7 plates.  My plates included a kampachi/hamachi, lobster and scallop dish, kobe beef, yellowtail sashimi, braised kobe short ribs, and dessert.  I wish I'd have take detailed notes about everything I ate.  It's just too much to write about.   Great atmosphere along with amazing food and service!  I'll be back when my wallet recovers!  I can't decide between 4-5 stars, so make it 4.5
4	Shibuya is a gorgeous restaurant located in the heart of the MGM Grand on the Las Vegas strip. The decor is very modern and tasteful and the food seems to follow the same route. All of the sushis and sashimi seem to be unique, modern interpretations of the traditional favorites (Lobster Miso Soup, Albacore seared with onions, etc.)... Those seeking "California Roll" or "Rainbow Roll" will be better served elsewhere. The ambiance is much like Nobu in the Hard Rock: loud. If you're looking for quiet dining this is not it. Between the Teppan Yaki tables sprinkled throughout, and the boisterous, younger crowd heading to Studio 54 later in the night, the noise level takes some getting used to. The servers are professional if not overly friendly. The t-shirts on the busboys look a bit to casual for the surroundings. The wine list, particularly the sake, was extensive. My personal recomendations for those who decide to go are: GYO KAI SUNOMONO, SHIBAKI TUNA TARTARE, and TOBAN SPICED ALBACORE (which was the best item we ate).
5	I went to see a show a few weeks back at the MGM, so my lady and I went to Shibuya for an early dinner.We tried the "Winter Tasting Menu".  I would recommend doing the same.We ordered different choices from the options available, and everything was magnificent.  The meats were tender and full of flavor, the sake left that comfortable warm "glow" feeling in you, and the service was attentive, helpful, good humored and top notch.It's hard to say what was the "best" part.  They are known for sushi, and definitely know their craft.  But we also had samples of chicken and beef, and each meat was prepared to perfection.  The soups were excellent, and a welcome first course.The portions are not huge, but they give you a respectable number of choices to build your meal.  This isn't the type of food you'd want to rush anyway, and each course filled us up until a very comfortable "full".  I probably could have eaten a little more, but I most definitely was not left feeling hungry.The atmosphere was nice and relaxed, save for a pair of annoying diners who decided to text and get into profanity laden "That's MY man" sort of conversations in a tone that tried to drown out the music.  This of course, is not due to anything the restaurant did, and I'd look forward to coming back to enjoying a more mellow atmosphere.A little pricey, so it's more of a "special" dining occasion, but you get what you pay for, and they feed you and treat you well.I'll be returning again.
5	I love this place.  I have been here on a few occasions and happen to always be seated at the same teppenyaki table with the same teppenyaki chef.  He says they don't do tricks like benihana, but he throws in a few because I like them. :)  The food is delish, fresh and flavorful; the service is great, always has good recommendations if you don't know what you want.
5	The best Japanese restaurant I have ever been to. I did the teppanyaki with the Japanese wagyu and lobster and I swear the beef melted in my mouth. No joke did not need to chew! I just wish they had a location in San Diego
2	Nice atmosphere and very cool looking sushi bar.But for $80, the Nobu Omakase is in a different league!  This place has gives you about 7-8 courses but the presentation isn't that great and the servers do not explain the dishes.  I had to ask a lot of questions in order to get explanations.The highlight of the meal was the wagu beef... served very rare it was good and well seasoned (although you need to like raw meat).  The nigiri sushi was average, the rice was flavored well, and the fish was fresHowever, they don't give you any palate cleaners between courses.  But if you're in a hurry then this would be okay. Overall decent, but plan ahead, make and make reservations at Nobu.  Its worth the cab ride out to the Hard Rock.
3	A bunch of us were in town all at the same time and we decided to grab a quick bite and Shibuya was able to fit us in on short notice AND they had a pretty decent tasting menu to boot!  We were very pleased with everything, the kitchen substituted soy wrappers for seaweed without a peep OR a charge(!) and the wait staff was very helpful and friendly.  Definitely loved the kampachi sashimi but the beef on the winter tasting menu was not very tender and also cold when it came out but we still enjoyed everything else.
5	I could eat sushi every day.  I generally get it for lunch or dinner about 1-4 times a month and have for a long time.  This place is fantastic...This sushi is some of the very best i've had.  It's extremely fresh; I sampled the live Uni and live Ami Ebi.  Not big on killing things, but I figured it was better and more humane to go quickly in a killer sushi place than how they usually bit it before it arrives at the back door.However I digress... Yes, it's sUUPEr expensive, even for sushi, but it also just about gives you what you pay for too.  The service was great as well.  The server had a quick and accurate answer to all questions.. Is the fresh Uni worth $42?  "if you like Uni yeah, you should definitely try it".  It was STELLAR class good and presented in the shell of the fish, hunkin' spines and all...What's Japanese single malt scotch and is there a big difference between the $18 and the $42 dollar versions?  "It's very much like single malt from Scotland.  "thinks long and hard..* nope, it's not twice as good.. better yes, but you'll be totally fine with the $18 version"The scotch was pretty good- lot like regular single malt but with a distinct difference that's hard to quantify.. very recommended..
5	Great place. My husband and I ate there after a show. Great service and love the atmosphere. MGM Grand's "restaurant hallway" (I like to call it that because that's what it is) is very contemporary, dark, modern, and overall cool. Shibuya fits right in. We had the kabuto roll with a saki the waitress recommended. After I was buzzed from the saki and done with the roll we decided to order the kani salad to split. Fantastic experience.It is a pricey but well worth it.
1	huge disappointment. normally i love all sushi even when it comes from little hole in the wall places.. but this was two thumbs down. they werent crowded what so ever & yet it took sooo long. the lobster miso lacked serious flavor as did almost everything else. im down for dropping big bills for great tasting food but this was just way over priced, bland, & super small portions. i was so pissed i literally wanted to dine & ditch this place.
2	I see all these 5 star reviews and have to question if they've ever really been to a sushi establishment before. Who knows, maybe it's me.I was really unimpressed with the food here. For the price we had to pay for small portions and average flavor, there really wasn't much here that one couldn't find better (and for a whole lot less) at another sushi place.Sake wise, the staff was very helpful and knowledgeable in the vast number of choices they have available. If there is one positive redeeming factor to this restaurant it is the sake list. If you love sake then you should definitely check this place out.Decore and atmosphere wise, it was fabulous. If you plan to try this place definitely make some reservations, you'll most likely need it to get in.In the end though this place seems more like a trendy place than of actual substance for it serves. If that's your thing, go for it, otherwise I'd say avoid it. Even the huge variations of sake will not have me attempting to come back anytime in the future.
4	I am a sushi-novice, but I am trying to ease myself into different dishes.That being said, I had a wonderful time at Shibuya.  The staff was extremely accommodating, even taking a picture of our group and joking about the weather we face in Minnesota (not the first time I've heard that, but still pleasant).We ordered a bunch of things for the table (you might be able to tell from our order that we were all novices):Lobster and scallops in a butter sauceDragon RollCrunchy Roll-Shrimp TempuraChicken TeriyakiCalifornia RollYellowtail HamachiThe gentlemen next to us bought us a bottle of sake and it was the perfect meal finisher :)The eel dragon roll was to-die-for.  I could gobble up a million of those little suckers.  I was also surprised at how tasty the shrimp tempura rolls were because I'm normally bored with tempura.I would definitely come back here if I'm ever in Vegas again, although I'm not sure that my pocketbook can handle another trip.
4	Food at Shibuya is trendy fusion. They offer a good selection of sushi and sake. Hot food portions are fairly small so keep that in mind if you're really hungry. Overall, the food isn't anything exceptional but delicious still. Atmosphere is fantastic, great date place.One thing I have to mention about Shibuya is their staff is very attentive and they will go above and beyond to make sure you are completely satisfied. There had been several occasions where I was craving something that wasn't on the menu, I asked the manager and next thing I know it's on the table ready for me to enjoy. Do try: Salmon and black Cod (one dish), Kurobuta pork crisp for hot plates. Sushi there is very fresh and tasty so I'd say pretty much anything on the sushi menu.Maybe skip: Their cocktails are weak. Opt for sake, beer, wine or liquors straight instead. Price: Full dinner for two (drinks, apps, entree and dessert) will run you about $120+
5	My friends and I had a wonderful meal here when we were in Vegas for the weekend.  We had five guys and opted to skip the tasting menus and just order a number of dishes for everyone to share.  Each of us ordering one cold dish, one hot dish and a selection of sushi was ample food for the five of us.As a group of New Yorkers who eat out at Japanese restaurants often we were very pleased with all of our food.  Memorable dishes include the Shibaki Tuna Tartare (Cold), Yellowtail Sashimi (Cold), Salmon and Black Cod (Hot), and the Kurobuta Pork Crisp (Hot).  The deserts were fine but unremarkable.  The service was excellent and prompt.  Orders were taken quickly, our waiter checked regularly if we wanted another round of drinks (of course we did!) and everyone was very friendly and helpful. Prices were manageable.  Between our three dishes each + desert/coffee + 2 rounds of cocktails each + tip/tax was $120.  Next time I am in Vegas I will absolutely be back.
2	When I called to make a reservation at the Teppanyaki table I was given a hard time by the hostess because two of the four people in my party wanted sushi, while the other two wanted teppanyaki. They require the majority of the party to have teppanyaki but I was not about to separate my party into two tables. I think that is just ridiculous. Our waitor also seemed pissed when I told him that I wanted a sushi menu. We were sat with a family with three children who were very misbehaved and the parents did little to aknoledge this behavior. Our server was awkward and forgot my miso soup. However, the server assistants were great. The teppanyaki chef wasn't very animated nor was his performance interesting to watch. The sushi was good. I tried to torro scallion roll which was extremely good. I also really liked the Kho Haku specialty roll. Although these were good, it was nothing I couldn't get at the sushi place I frequent at home.
3	If you want to go to an overpriced, hip restaurant, definitely come here. Like most Asian fusion restaurants, the food here is pretty tasty but way overpriced. A table of four's tab came to over $200 and we were still hungry afterward. Although tasty, everything was really salty. I'm pretty sure they use MSG in their cooking.  The service was good and courteous, but I wouldn't come back. The food for the price just isn't worth it. The only dish that was great and worth the money was their Kobe sirloin. Even that was 28 bucks for a tiny portion. I wouldn't dip it in the sauce though because that sauce is too salty.Wish I could comment about their sashimi... but they sliced the sashimi so damn thin that I can barely taste it. When I go to a Japanese restaurant, I expect to taste the savoriness of the food. I don't want to taste saltiness.
4	After night after night of sub-par food in Vegas, we wondered if it was worth it to shell out the cash for a 5-star restaurant on our last night there. We did. Was it worth it? Well, I'd say yes. After my four-night stay in Vegas, the one thing I learned was to have low expectations. 4-star means 3-star, and as it follows, 5-star means 4-star. Prices are inflated, and you can't get around it unless you leave the prison known as The Strip. So while I've had better and cheaper Japanese food in various other cities, Shibuya still served me the best meal of my trip, and for that I was satisfied.We started with a few different maki, and they were just average. Kampachi sashimi with yuzu and truffle oil was mouthwateringly amazing. I wish I would have ordered two! Next was the Kurobata Pork Crisp, which was like a BBQ pork and tofu maki (sort of). It was delicious but a tad too heavy, I could have done with half the portion. And definitely make room for dessert! I got the creme brulee duo and tried a few others among our group. Everything was great, and the presentations were beautiful.Service here was also the best of my stay. Our waiter was super friendly, knowledgeable, and even persuaded me to change my menu choice by offering me a free shot of sake to complement the Kampachi. Overall, while it wasn't the best restaurant I've ever visited, it was a great experience, and I'd recommend Shibuya to anyone looking for good high-end Japanese in Vegas.
4	We found this place on Yelp.  Thanks everyone!!!! It was surprisingly very good.  I got there early on a monday, we go seated right away.  We've order KUROBUTA PORK CRISP Braised Black Pork, Seared Tofu, Nihon Glaze, SALMON AND BLACK CODPineapple Miso Salmon, Shiro Miso Black Cod and a few nigiri sushi items, when was all fresh.  But the best part was the desert we shared a KINACO TIRAMISUEspresso Coffee, Kuromitsu Syrup,Kinaco Ice Cream, Cappuccino Foam.  When I was done my gf was still trying to scoop what's left inside the bowl.  The waiter stopped by to check on us, he saw her do that and said, "um, I'll let you finish"  I was about to bust a gut laughing.  The Tiramisu is without a doubt, one of the best deserts I've had.  If you had to stop for just the desert.
4	Great sushi, wonderful service!  Even though they were filming an episode of Kendra while we were there, we got top notch service.  all fish and meat was great!
4	Because i was staying in the MGM, i went to Shibuya.  I thought they had good VERY EXPENSIVE sushi.Overall.... I thought the experience was good.  Not great.  Fresh fish...  A somewhat sloppy presentation tho.
2	Visit Vegas frequently never heard anything great about Shibuya but always wanted to try since we usually stay at MGM.  Will not go back food was just OK .  Was disappointed with the servers suggestions,  was going to order shrimp tempura roll, he suggested California roll very bland nothing special.   Ordered wagyu shirt steak and short ribs waiter suggested white rice with order so ordered it when it really wasn't a meal to eat with rice.  The waiter really confused me he should of suggested fried rice or another side dish.  I ordered it b/c he made it seem that it was more chinese style when that wasn't the case at all.  Who eats a piece of meat with plain rice b/c there is no sauce or vegetable.  Bad recommendations by staff and just OK food.  There are many GREAT restaurants in Vegas skip this place.  Plus for the money serving sizes are pretty small.
5	I've been here at least 3 times now and every visit leaves me wanting more.Recently, I visited for an early dinner and opted for the Chef's Tasting. Once you get over the sticker shock, $120 per person, it's a delightful experience. Don't bother asking what's on the menu, just go with it. No thinking- just eating. Of course, if you have a shellfish allergy DO TELL them that so they can make adjustments.One of my favorite flavor combinations is yuzu and truffle oil. I'm crave this and actually think of Shibuya each time I want to relive this taste experience.The sake pairing is another $55 per person. However, we chose to go with 2 bottles of 300ml sake instead. These 2 bottles took us through the 8 courses. I started with the Demon Slayer and then moved to the Only Daughter ... or some name like that. The meats and rich flavors paired well with the "Only Daughter." If you ever want to treat yourself to some amazing sushi and money is no object, come here. It's sooooo good.
5	Konichiwa LV yelpers!Just came back to Shibuya Saturday night while visiting LV for the weekend.I made Shibuya my one and only dinner choice for this past trip... and I'm glad I did...OMAKASE!!!!do it. you won't regret!reservations online.Classy... upscale... sexy....Arigato Shibuya! Hope to be back soon!- Miss Yelp 2010
5	I was recently in Vegas and my finacee and I were looking for a nice night out without breaking the bank.  We both love sushi and I like most other types of Japanese cuisine, so we tried our luck here.  The room is very nice, with the tables all isolated by semi-screens made of branches (or at least fake branches).  You get a little privacy, though it doesn't cut the noise too much and you can see most of the room.  It is a nice way to cut a middle ground between an open floorplan and screened in booths.I ordered the tasting menu, with salad (excellent), yellowtail sashimi with a very nice preparation (excellent), and steak with wild mushrooms (excellent), all for $59. It came with enough edamame to share (with plenty of rock salt - very good) and non-descript mochi ice cream for desert (fair). Something like a green tea creme brulee would have really set this meal apart, even something like fresh berries in a plum wine sauce over ice cream would have been good...  After all, I buy mochi at Trader Joe's, probably the same stuff.  We both enjoyed the lychee martinis, very tasty.My fiance went with ala carte sushi, which she liked a lot.  She started with a sea weed salad sampler, with 4 types and preparations of seaweed.  All were very good, and it was nice to have the 4 since we had different favorites.Dinner for the two of us, which several cocktails/wine was around $240, so it wasn't too insane for what we ordered.
3	I went here with my friends and I was hoping for very good teppan. While the food was good. Especially the garlic chips it was still very overpriced. I feel like the prices damped the experience. It cost 30 dollars for sharing a plate and it did not come with fried rice, ordered separate. Fried rice is a staple with teppan. For 8 oz organic chicken breast cost 45. The miso was good and the dessert was ok. I really want to like it but I just can't. Ceasers has teppan as well. Almost same menu but cost about 20% less.
5	Came here with a party of 8 to celebrate my sister's graduation.  We had early reservations and were seated and served right away.  I had the black Angus tenderloin with a side of rice.  One of the most tender steaks I ever had.  This place is a must if you are in Vegas.The staff here was very helpful.  The hostess helped me find a surprise dessert for my sister.  We ended up getting Choco Lychee.  It was amazing, I can't wait till the next time I am in Vegas to eat here again.
3	I've been here twice -- once with a big group and once with my boyfriend.  I thought the food was good, but I wasn't really impressed. Also, I live in the Bay Area where it's easy to find really great, inexpensive sushi, so it's hard for me to be impressed by the sushi. I have to say that the braised kobe ribs were good though, and the service was awesome!
4	This place is freakin' AWESOME! In short, very upscale, sexy atmosphere, and wonderful service. It's so relaxed and sophisticated, I forgot I was in a casino hotel.Mind you, we didn't have reservations, but the wait was only about 15 minutes. On a SATURDAY night!I didn't think I'd be able to eat much (I'm vegan), but I mentioned it to the waiter and he was super accommodating. Shibuya has a fairly simple-looking menu, seperated into hot dishes, cold dishes, and rolls. He knew off-hand what had what ingredients in it, and had the chef modify a dish for me. I ate the mushroom salad (5 or 6 different sauteed mushrooms in a savory sauce) and some sea salt edamame. Simple as the meal was, presentation was gorgeous, and the mushrooms were really filling for what the portion looked like. They have THE most extensive sake list I've ever seen/heard of, and the waiter even explained the different processes/types of rice grain/food pairings of whatever we asked about.Great experience, I'd go back again. And eat the same exact thing, with a smile on my face.
4	best 300$ dinner i have ever had
5	As a local I try to avoid Strip restaurants as I find most of them (Yellowtail and KOI specially) a total ripoff and not worth the extra money they charge. Shibuya is the only Strip Japanese restaurants that I frequent and love. I wish I had more money to go more often but everytime I go I am never dissapointed. It's pricey but worth every cent. They have a huge sake list and a very impressive (I think 30) different Japanese beers, I even tried their own private label pilsner on draft which was great. Server told me they were even having their own sake made in Japan (coming soon I was told).I love the decor, the food and the service, I understand how people from other places may think this is expensive but the quality is also very good and running a place this caliber can't be cheap.I have had the seasonal $59 menus, the $120 omakase, even had Teppanyaki once (it was great). I highly recommend this restaurant even if it's just for a special occasion.
4	The food here was great!  My biggest issue was that it was a little pricey, but welcome to Vegas, right?  The spider rolls, pineapple salmon and kobe were all mouthwatering and fabulous.  A random thing that irked me was miscommunication with a party we were having. The email sent around said that first drink was free (which was a house mix), additional were 50% off. Well, as imagined everyone ordered a few expensive ones since we thought they were half off. Later the manager came over and said that the discount only applied if the second one was the house blend again, refused to bend on that which I thought was rather tacky. Bad on the waitstaff for telling us we were right when we asked if we were ordering correctly, and bad on the manager too because after such a nice meal it really left a bad taste.  Definitely go here if you like suhsi, but beware if you are on a package.
5	This is the best sushi I've ever had. Easily.The prices reflect the high quality of the fish that is flown in daily. S'not cheap, but it is however: worth it.Shibuya is located at the start of the Studio Walk inside the MGM Grand. The atmosphere, ambiance, and service are all incredible. Our sever (and a Sake sommelier) walked us through the sake very well, and we ordered a half bottle of the tasty "rice-wine." Upon starting with a tuna sashimi app, the ladyfriend & I knew we were in for something delicious. We followed up our app with a large "combo platter" type of entree with several rolls, some sashimi, and some nigiri. It was just incredible. Everything was fresh, flavorful, and beautiful to look at. We finished out evening with a couple more cocktails post-sake, and an incredible Japanese-style tiramisu, which did not disappoint. The only downfall was that for the last 20 minutes or so of our time there (after we had paid our bill) there was a fire alarm going off.  The sever told us it happens from time to time, but that it rarely stays on on long. Unfortunately for us, this time he was wrong. While it's not the fault of the restaurant itself, I was disappointed to watch every table around us get something free (sashimi, cocktails, sake, etc) to make up for the inconvenience while the Ladyfriend and I got nothing but apologies. I don't necessarily expect free food or drink to put me at ease, but when everyone else is given something and we're not, it's a little frustrating.Overall though, a phenomenal dining experience.Remember, this place is not cheap -- but it is most definitely worth it. If you're in Vegas, whether you're staying at MGM Grand or not, stop by Shibuya and eat your weight in sushi -- you'll be glad you did!
5	Shibuya!! SO great!I came here for my best friend's bachelorette and it was worth every penny!!We ate and drank A LOT and not one thing was left on a plate. They have a fantastic menu with a great assortment of rolls of which we LOVED: the Shibuya Roll (the best!), spicy scallop and a couple others. We also had the miso salmon and black cod, spare ribs, kobe beef and pretty much everything else!!Drinks: Delicious! Definitely try the lychee martini. It's not too sweet and is soo good!The wait staff were really accommodating and patient with a big group of girls, the restaurants is gorgeous and the ambiance is fantastic.A must-go for a fun dinner splurge either with a group or just for a romantical dinner. Would absolutely recommend it to friends that are heading to Vegas.
4	I went here on a moms night out since we were already at MGM to see KA and we had to eat something.This place was a GREAT choice. Not the cheapest sushi in town but definitely some of the best.If your into sushi and happen to be at the MGM do yourself a favor and stop by. Its a beautiful place and service was top notchI would love to go back again!
4	I was also at the MGM to see KA and grabbed sushi at Shibuya before the show.Overall the sushi was fresh and the amount given was very reasonable. Big pieces and everything was yummy. Their sashimi is $$$ though! Like $9 for 2 pieces! I've had sushi for $4 before and it was just as good (no joke). The ambiance is very relaxing and hip. I suggest sitting at the bar, that way you can see how it's all made.Also get the Tiramisu for dessert! SO GOOD!4 stars only because it was a little $$$! $120 for 2 people! But hey, it's Vegas so whatever. :)
5	This is without a doubt the best sushi / teppan-yaki place that I've been to in Vegas. That said its also the most expensive one I've been to. If money is no object, I would definitely say Shibuya. FYI it was about $300 for two.
5	I absolutely loved this place. Everything was on point -- the decor, the ambiance, the service, and most importantly the FOOD. I had an appetizer of lobster miso soup and although you really couldn't taste much of the lobster the chunks were in there, but the soup itself was very delicious. Entree was a mixture of scallop and lobster bisque and that was simply incredible. Everything was prepared to perfection and I think I even ate the decoration. My boyfriend had shrimp tempura which he loved, sister had a seafood salad and her boyfriend had this amazing pork roll dish. Everyone was in awe at the deliciousness of their food. We had enough room for the dessert and it hit the spot. I can see some complaining about portion size, and yes they were fairly small but honestly once we ate we didn't have that overstuffed-I-need-to-pass-out-this-very-instant feeling. It was just right and allowed us to continue on with our night without being dragged down by the food.We had two appetizers, four entrees and four desserts + drinks and our bill was $175 excluding tip. I would highly recommend this place to anyone who is not on a tight budget.
5	Probably one of the few fancy Japanese places I enjoyed ... ever.I thoroughly loved the decor (which resembled some evil superhero hideout, to be honest) and the presentation.  I opted for the chef's special with a bunch of nigiri and sashimi and was definitely impressed.  The waiter was a pretty cool guy all throughout the evening.I miss Shibuya already.
5	What a great place for sushi. Came with a group of 10 and they were extremely accommodating and took great care of our group. Very trendy sushi bar, probably the best one in the hotels if you ask me. Exceptional sake list, and the quality of sushi totally superb. :] I brought my leftovers (Salmon skin hand roll, Kappa Maki, and some edamame) Great drunk food. Great sober food. Good sushi.
5	My boyfriend suggested Emeril's for dinner before a concert, but there were no reservations available, so I made our dinner plans for Shibuya instead.  Many of my friends told me that we were much better off going there anyway - that Emeril's had taken a nose dive & that the food at Shibuya was going to be great.  We opted for the Summer Tasting menu at $59 per person and both of us were pleasantly surprised!  The chef put together a beautiful, interesting menu and all of the food was delicious!  Edamame was followed by greens with Yuzu Apple dressing (him) and Mozuku Soup, a chilled Japanese seaweed soup (me).  Next course was Yellowtail Sashimi and Spicy Tuna roll.  The main course was Black Angus Beef Tenderloin... so tender and flavorful... and a plate of Pineapple Miso Salmon and Shiro Miso Black Cod.  The cod is to die for!  For dessert, out came a little tray of Mochi Ice Cream - mango, lychee and I believe, chocolate.  The lychee was amazing, but you have to enjoy Mochi.  We had a lovely bottle of ice cold Saki which was reasonably priced.  Service was impeccable.  I'm looking forward to the Winter Tasting Menu - we'll definitely be back!
4	I have to remember that places in Vegas to eat are a little more expensive then at home.  That being said, I was still in a little bit of a sticker shock at how expensive Shibuya actually is.Located at the MGM (my least favorite hotel on the strip, btw) Shibuya was a great place to get my craving for Teppanyaki....I was a little peeved that our table wasn't ready until about half hour after our reservations...and that the table was empty....it was just for my friend and I.  It is always so much more fun with more people.We had a great chef making our food...very personable...though sometimes I thought he talked too much.  Food was great, cooked to perfection.
5	This was the best meal that I had in Vegas.  I went with three of my girl friends and we all loved the food, the atmosphere and the service!  The sushi was amazing, the service was great and I would definitely eat here again during my next trip to Vegas!
4	Every trip to Vegas I tell myself I'm going to splurge a little bit and try the tasting menu at Shibuya and this time I did. All i can say is OMG, so worth it!! This was seriously some of the best food I've had in my life. I have a love affair with sushi and my bf and I agreed, this was the best sushi we've had yet. The yellowtail sashimi was so unexpectedly flavorful and extremely fresh. The spicy tuna roll was the most generously apportioned spicy tuna roll I've ever had and also the TASTIEST! The show stealer, however,  was the miso BLACK COD... it was just melt in your mouth good. Me and my bf laugh at people who tell stories about food being orgasmic (use to think they were all just fatties), but we have officially changed our ways after being blessed with that fish. It was so delicate and flavorful we gave it the name buttafish.Quick run down of the other dishes we tasted:Miso Salmon- AwesomeBeef Tenderloin with Truflle Ponzu- AwesomeSalmon and Avocado Roll- AwesomeStarter Salad- Rather SubparChilled Soup (can't remember exact name)- Very good but kinda reminded me of birds nest soup from bizarre foods so creeped me out a lil. I wanted to give this place five stars so bad but..... the drinks were weak and the dessert was blah. Had the lychee martini and it tasted like straight lychee juice. I def didn't plan to pay $12 for no darn lychee juice! From what I've read in other reviews, this is the norm. Dessert was the trio of mochi ice creams and, while not exactly the same as the trader joes variety, it was definitely far from gourmet. So four stars for Shibuya for now until they step up their drink game and offer some better dessert on that tasting menu.  And oh yea, while we were falling in love with our buttafish, we look up and see Mr. Lebron James walking on by. Oh wait, he's now walking in and having teppenyaki. Should that then take this rating up to a five star??!! Heck no! Go Lakers!!
4	Best. Meal. Of. My. Life.I only give Shibuya four stars because of the price, but - let's be honest - it is worth it and then some. The ambiance and service was top notch, but the meal was - hands down - the best of my life. My friends and I were audibly moaning with pleasure. It was borderline inappropriate how much we loved our meal and I'm sure our neighbors were wishing they had chosen another table.Yes, Shibuya is pricey, but try the tasting menu and die happy.
5	This place was AMAZING! We were completely satisfied with every dish we ordered..particularly the mushroom salad, which had a unique blend of tastes/spices. Service was superb and ambience was a nice, calm reprieve from the "Vegas" scene outside. We will definitely be returning!
5	One of the best meal in Vegas!! The ambiance, foods, and service are at best. They have awesome selections of Sake, from $20-$800. Yes, you got it, $800! Also, they have lobster by pounds, 3lbs. is like $700.If you want to have a romantic, but hip dinner, you should definitely try this place, worth your $$$$AS BEST AS YOU CAN GET.
5	Had two new Sushi Rolls here!Being vegan longer then Ive been eating sushi, means that I really haven't had allot of different types of sushi. Usually I am in luck if the Miso Soup doesn't have fish, and they have inari, avocado, cucumber, or mushroom rolls.I asked the waiter if they had any vegan dishes, and to my surprise he was very knowledgeable about veganism, and all of the ingredients included in each dish.I chose two of his recommendations as this was to be a mini meal while walking around the veags strip.UME SHISHO ROLLSMint, Radish?, and another item (I cant remember what) This was AMAZING!! so good, and taste changing cool yet spicy so unique!)KENKO ROLLSKampyo, Asparagus, Napa Cabbage, Avocado, Cucumber, Oshinko(crunchy textures, clean taste)Price was a little high even though we got one of the cheaper sakis, but was still worth it. Their Sake and Japanese Beer list is very extensive.Besides the new favorite sushi rolls, the architecture in here was beautiful, we sat at the bar and looked at the squares and lights, that I think someone must have handmade as the pattern doesn't repeat and it seems like someone had to cut each plexi class square, unbelievable to look at and imagine!-I'll be back! - & hopefully make it to the real Shibuya in Japan someday ;)
4	During which was suppose to be our last day in Vegas, My boyfriend and I decided to stay another spontaneous night in Vegas and got a room at the MGM since he has a host here. The host was able to give us a free room along with a $35 dollar credit to any of the restaurants located in the MGM. Since we were going to eat here anyways, we thought the credit to any restaurant would be great for us. Since I was having a sushi craving, we figured Shibuya would be perfect. The bf and I both got the 4 course summer tasting menu for $59. Where you can choose from different items from each course. My course was:EDAMAMEMOZUKU SOUP - Traditional Seaweed Soup (served chilled)SALMON AVOCADO ROLLBLACK ANGUS BEEF TENDERLOIN -Roasted Japanese Mushrooms, Black Truffle PonzuASSORTED MOCHI ICE CREAMOMG, the black Angus beef tenderloin was DELICIOUS and my favorite part of the meal. The beef was cooked to perfection and just melted in your mouth, the ponzu sauce just made if taste 10x better. I loved the assorted mochi, it was a nice ending to the meal. My favorite was the lychee.
1	This review is about booking for groups - bad service and unnecessary restrictions and costs!  Save yourself some trouble and take your money elsewhere.  First of, they took a few weeks and me calling them 3 times over those weeks to finally get someone to call me back about my reservation.  The second time I called, the person said they had some "internal personnel issues" but someone should get back to me within a day.  It took me a 3rd phone call /voicemail to get someone to call me back.  Second, there's a $125 "large party fee" for a party of 12 plus a $500 deposit if I want to reserve it.  I'm ok with the deposit although I think its steep but $125 large party fee is ridiculous!  Third, when I first spoke with Beverly, she said I had to pick a family-style menu ranging from $65 to $80pp (not incl tax, 20% gratuity).    After reading their website and the email info Beverly sent, I found out that you have to pick a family-style menu only if you have more than 15 people (for traditional style), and I only had 12.  Also, there was a cheaper family menu (girls night out $54) that she did not include in her email. Bottomline - take your money and business elsewhere!  There are other quality Japanese restaurants that have better service (no "large party fee", $500 deposit) and doesn't try to rip you off.  Bummer is that we are all staying at the MGM (which I had told Beverly) and can't even use our dining coupon (as part of our stay) towards the meal.
2	Expected to get  fed for $50-60 (fresh fish in Vegas) and left more money at the restaurant than at the craps table!Food was good, fresh, nicely prep'd. Portions were smaller than average. Price was over 2 times what I pay in down town DC which is pricy already. Oddly enough, drinks were reasonable. My manhattan martini was generious and $10. (same in DC).Sitting at sushi bar was pleasant with an impressive huge animated  display behind the sushi chefs.  Service was good, friendly and prompt. Recommendations from the waiter were tasty.  Went to a different casino to recover the losses at the MGM ;-)
5	Class, quality, and attentiveness.  That's the bottom line when it came to my last visit to Shibuya.Last week was the fifth year of being with my girlfriend (Don't start with the "When are you going to get married" comments.  I already get it from my family and friends, and I don't need the Yelp community joining in. - I'm working on it).  To celebrate, we had a nice dinner at this restaurant by ordering the Dinner for Two selection.Bear in mind this is an $80 per person meal, but most definitely falls under the "You get what you pay for"  in the most positive sense.The meal is wonderful.  Fresh cuts of fish (we ordered steak as one of the seven courses) that are just amazing.  We had a crab salad that had a sectioned bowl with a beautiful live fish swimming around the bottom of it (don't worry, it's decorative, and does not interact with the actual food).  It's the sort of meal that you would feel horrible rush eating because everything is cooked and seasoned to perfection, and don't want to see the experience end.We also did the sake flight plan, with four wonderful sake flavors.  A nice gentleman came out, placed cards with the names and descriptions of each flavor, then gave us a brief history of each type.  Each flavor varied in taste, and left us feeling warm after the experience.For desert, a friend messaged me that we must try their Star Rabbit blueberry sake.  I'm recommending the same here.  It is an amazing desert drink.The staff, upon finding out that it was our fifth anniversary, surprised us with complementary glasses of champagne and a second desert.  A perfect capper to an already fantastic experience.  The service was top notch overall.  Very attentive, and never rushed a single thing.While I'm sure the sake helped, I was "food drunk" from the meal selection, but oh so very happy.  While Shibuya may not be an everyday meal sort of thing, when used as a special occasion dining experience, it really becomes its own event.
4	3.5.It's so frustrating that all the good teppan places have not made it through the years. The only good place to eat decent teppan nowadays is actually in vegas (within the US that is; Garden Grill in LA closed down last year). It is a funny thought, Vegas actually leading the way in a certain dining experience. Shibuya is a good teppan joint. Kitchen dishes are good as well. I wouldn't dine here for sushi but eating sashimi or other types of fish preparations should be good because the quality of the ingredients is very good.
5	This was a really wonderful and festive dining experience.Shibuya has interesting yet relaxing decor including bamboo trees separating the tables. The veggie roll was yummy and the tempura batter was some of the best I've ever tasted -- crisp and lightly applied. They have an impressive sake collection if you're into that sort of thing. I enjoyed looking at the maps they had pictured on the menu, showing where in Japan all the different sakes are from. The edamame was exceptional... so good with the rock salt! The waiter was really knowledgeable -- he was able to help us select enough food for two people and he suffered through our million questions about the various ingredients in each roll.
5	Wow! This is the type of place I envisioned eating at while in Vegas. This place has class, stops nowhere on pleasing the customer, and offers the teppanyaki experience this side of the "Canyon." My wife and I were able to experience this delightful restaurant last night, I have to say that it was quite stellar. So, on to the actual experience... We started by making a reservation (I think you have to make a reservation just to get a teppanyaki table). We were successful with a 2 hour prior reservation. I don't think we would have been so lucky on a weekend. This place was packed. We aren't really Sake people, but for those that are, the menu is expansive. Ranging from about 55-999 a bottle. They also had many wines and champagnes ranging in price too. The list of meats on the menu was also quite impressive (ranging from organic chicken, to Australian or Maine lobster, even up to Wagyu Beef cuts). Essentially, you pick the type of meat you want and it comes with vegies (oyster mushrooms, asparagus, broccolini), and steamed rice (tataki rice, for those who are rice fanatics). You can choose to upgrade from steamed rice a fried rice with different meats in it. We chose to have the Organic Chicken for a our main course and Wagyu beef fried rice. The meal came with Amous Bouche (a seafood like treat of some nature that I didn't catch the name of), a spring green salad with an Apple yuzu dressing, a bowl of lobster or mushroom miso soup, and a desert tray consisting of a raspberry and custard-ish shot glass with gold flakes on it, a lychee fruit chocolate thing (sorry my brain isn't working today), and some pistachio ice cream encased in frozen fondant. This was great experience folks. I would do it again in a heartbeat!
4	Awesome experience! I will never feel the same about miso soup again. The Lobster miso soup was awesome (I personally think so). The Yellow tail is stupendous. The salmon and albacore were also very good. I know that some might say that all these sushi places are pretty comparable.... but Shibuya puts their own twist to all these sushi/ sashimi items. Also, their Black Cod is amazing!The staff is quite knowledgable about their menu and Sake. Also, if you do not like something, they are very kind to bring it back and keep you happy. Allitle on the expensive side, but well worth it. The tasters menu is very very good too, in case you might not know what to pick. Again, staff is very helpful to assist you in finding what you like
3	Like I have said in other reviews, I am not a huge fan of the super expensive restaurant. So why did I wander in here for dinner? I guess I was thinking I could find some good, tacky, simple sushi that would quickly fill me up and send me back to my room for a night in Vegas? Wrong.While the Black Cod and Salmon entree was good -- salmon coated in miso, Black Cod in pineapple -- it came with a taste of sauteed spinach and was generally too coated in pineapple and miso to really enjoy the fish. Sure, it was very pretty, but I wasn't in love with the taste.So for a meal that was $50 for a glass of wine, cup of soup and an entree, I could have gone back to Wolfgang and had an as good meal for the same price.At least sitting at the sushi bar and watching the sushi guys work was fun...?
5	I finally had bluefin tuna!  This place offers 3 different cuts of it, basically they were 3 different price levels.  I opted for the middle one, the Oh-Toro which was $40 for two pieces.  It melted like butter in my mouth.  I expected nothing less at $20 a piece.Anyways, I was here with a group of 10 people while on vacation.  We knew going in that we would have a nice sized bill.  After all, what do you expect going to a nice sushi restaurant in Vegas?We ordered the omakase and enough sake to kill a few samurai.  Oh my god, their omakase was probably the best I've ever had.  I will admit, that upon writing this review, I was sauced up enough to not clearly recall each dish.  So, my review may be slightly biased.  One dish I do recall was the shishito peppers, the only reason was because the waiter said to be careful with them because most were mild, but a few were HOT.  I love spicy food, so I remember popping them like candy looking for the hot ones.  The yellowtail was amazing, there were some shrimps that were delicious, some beef cuts that seemed to melt in my mouth, and after we thought we were done, they brought out three huge sushi/sashimi platters!  Loved it!  Even though the food, atmosphere, service, everything else was nothing short of impeccable, the best part of the whole night was getting the bill.  Since we were all on the gambling vibe, we decided to play credit card roulette.  For those not familiar with credit card roulette, our version involves every diner throwing in a credit card, and each person randomly takes out a card from the pile.  The last card remaining has to pay the entire bill.  That was not a fun bill for my friend to pay.
3	After reading some reviews for Shibuya, I was pretty excited to give it a try.  Although it was a good experience overall, unfortunately it did not live up to all the hype.  Ambiance:Very large space with simple decor and modern lighting.  Service:Good.  The waitress was very friendly and knowledgeable, however she only recommended the pricier items.  Food: Good, but not great.  There were several tasting menus to choose from, but we opted to order a la carte.Oyster tasting:2 Kushi; shogazu jelly and tobiko yuzu2 Kumamoto; orange ponzu and sunomonoThis was probably the highlight of Shibuya.  The Kumamoto with sunomono was a highlight for sure.Florida rock shrimp tempura with spicy aioli & micro greens:Tasty, but does not compare to the rock shrimp at Umami in SF.Hamachi kama:Juicy on the inside, and a great charred flavor on the outside.  Sake (salmon) nigiri:Good, but not spectacular.  I'm used to my salmon being super rich and creamy, but I didn't quite get that at Shibuya.Spicy tuna:The roll was good, but nothing special.  Overall:I was left predictably disappointed.  I was hoping with the atmosphere and inflated prices I would get something more, but really I could have gotten better food at the dime a dozen sushi joints in SF.  Shibuya is good, but nothing special.
4	Seven of us girls got a reservation here for the teppanyaki. What it comes with is: Miso soup, salad, sushi, entree, rice and dessert. There were a ton of entree options like chicken, fish, beef, veggies, pork, etc... But I picked the catch of the day.+ Miso soup: average. how can you go wrong with this?+ Salad: don't really know what kind it was, but it was great! It was perfectly dressed, perfectly sized... loved it!+ Sushi: two pieces of mini sushi with mixed fish & veggies+ Entree: The catch of the day was sea bass and after the awesome sea bass I had at my cousin's wedding the week before in the Bay Area, I wanted more. IT WAS SO AMAZINGLY DELICIOUS. Soft fish, but was still able to hold it's shape. Slightly sweet meat.... oh my goodness. SO GOOD! It was served with veggies and garlic+ Rice: Choice of fried rice or plain. I got plain because I don't eat rice often. I literally eat like 1/8 cup of rice everytime I do, so I didn't want to waste the chef's effort to make the fried rice.+ Dessert: 3 types: raspberry mousse, chocolate lychee and mochi. i had a little bit of everything because i was so full. the mochi was standard but the other two were... interesting. For the teppanyaki part... not much of a show. They cooked the entree, veggies, and fried rice (for those that ordered it) on the grill... but that's about it. It wasn't much of a show.. Honestly the teppanyaki i had in Jamaica was more entertaining... haha but this place gets 4 stars because of the awesome sea bass. yummmmm
5	AMAZING AMAZING AMAZING! Started off with a Sex on the Beach drink..the first one was good..then the second they gave me was like 5x stronger! I'm not complaining though :]They were doing sushi for the first round..I let the waiter know I didn't like seafood so he told me about the veggie rolls..which were AMAZING! I got those and avocado rolls..VERY tasty!Second was the miso soup..that actually had lobster in it..so they just gave me regular tofu miso soup :] . Then the cooks came out. Think Benihana. Very funny cooks! Of course they had more seafood to cook, and I once again said no seafood..and because of that..I got a whole plate of chicken and Kobe beef to myself..muahah. It was pretty awesome.The Kobe beef..........ridiculously good! I never like medium rare cooked meat, but that one..was definitely not a problem to me!Our last item was fried rice..VERY good! I do actually prefer Benihana's fried rice over Shibuya's though :X . Just sayin!! It had more flavor I should say.Then desert..it was decent :] Definitely want to go back!
4	Fresh fish, excellent service, wonderful atmosphere. Really if you want to have sushi at the MGM this is the place. I was not disappointed with the service as they were attentive and very professional from the moment we walked in the door to the moment we left.The selection of fresh fish was exceptional, and to NOT find low sodium soy sauce on the table was a relief. Really if the restaurant has that on the table you are dealing with non traditional, catering to Americans, kind of place. Japanese did not traditionally eat low sodium soy sauce. yeesh!I prefer my sushi to follow tradition or break from it completely and not use soy sauce(like at Sushi of Gari in NYC- MY FAVORITE!).Really enjoyed this experience and will be back when a sushi craving hits me again...
5	Thank you Chef Stephane....exceptional Japanese cuisine...service was fabolous!! Over 100 Sake's to choose from...Cant wait to see how you suprise us again!!!
4	Great atmosphere & decor... went here with eight girls, ready for drinks and fun. The service was good and quick...Tuna Tartare: looked delicious and got a thumbs up from my girl friendsMiso Cod: YUMshishito peppers: not my favorite, too spicy and not cooked as much as I like.shibuya roll: YUM!the sushi was fresh and tasty...only the albacore was too peppered on the top and it got in the way of the flavor.All in all, I would go back and I would feast on the black cod, salmon, shibuya roll and a tuna tartare!
5	Have to agree with the bulk of reviews here, expensive for sure, but fantastic quality and worth the splurge if Japanese food is your thing.On a recent visit we ummed and ahhed over the various options until finally settling on the $75 per person omakase.  With so many excellent and delicious sounding options on the menu why not just let the chef pick whats best.  I also went with a sake flight, four for $24.Everything we received was really great.  Ceviche, tartare, sunomono, crab salad, sushi, lobster and scallop hot entree, dessert, not a single flop.Presentation was top drawer too.  The crab salad for instance came atop a small fish bowl with live fish, and was topped with a single perfect fried whole soft shell crab.Service matched the excellent cuisine as did the cool laid back atmosphere.  A really quite excellent restaurant if you are happy to pay the strip prices. Id go back in a heart beat.
4	The waiter informed us that the fish was flown in fresh each day, and I believe it.  Of our meal, rainbow roll, lobster and scallop in uni butter, and spicy tuna roll, everything melted in our mouths.  Also, the waiter was friendly and attentive.
3	I can't rave about Shibuya as much as the other people on here...Perhaps it is due to the fact that we went there on a Saturday night at 8 pm, which is a busy time for most restaraunts...that, however, does not excuse some of the low points that we had experienced...SERVICE - had to wait 15 minutes for water or to be given menus. When the bus boy brought the water, he poured it directly on the table at first, completely missing my glass, and then just mumbled "sorry" and walked away...With the waiter nowhere in sight, we had to wipe the water ourselves before it dripped over the edge of the table. The waiter also forgot to bring my husband's beer - we had to remind him half way through our dinner.AMBIENCE - dark but very nice, moderate noise level even during the busy time, modern decor, nothing to complain aboutFOOD Miso soup and sunomo salad - great                Salamon sashimi - they only give you two pieces and the sashimi did not have that "melt in your mouth" quality that it should...it almost felt like an insult, since we have been to several hole in the wall sushi bars that had better quality salmon for half the price and serve at least 6 pieces of fish.Kampachi appetizer- delicious, truffle oil with a hint of garlic was yummy, although it overpowered the fish a bit, still really goodA specialty roll with mixed fish and crispy rice pearls - fantasticDessert sampler -  all three were good - pannacotta, green mochi ice cream and chocolate mouse with lychee center (my favorite)SAKE - they have a pretty extensive sake list, and the sake the waiter had recommended was delicious (of course I forgot the name).Overall, not a bad experience, but some things could be certainly improved on.
5	I love Japanese food and Kobe beef. Having great Japanese food and Kobe beef in one place earns 5 stars in my review.  Very pricey but the food and ambiance justifies it.My family and IAte here last year and we would eat again the next time we visit Vegas. Not a kid friendly restaurant but if you think about it, there's not a lot of kid friendly restaurants along the strip anyways. If you think Vegas buffet is great, this place willKnock your socks off.
4	We had the two-person family style course menu. Each dish was decorated beautifully, with flowers, sesame seeds, a live beta fish, etc. Sashimi was fresh and tender. Lobster with scallops in butter sauce was delicious. Dessert was also cute and sweet. Servers were timely and professional. Amazing decorations throughout the restaurant:)
5	Shibuya is the gold standard for Sushi restaurants in my book. This is the reason I give otherwise great sushi places 4 stars, because I know Shibuya is out there.The food was amazing. We've had a lot of sushi in our day and this was an original take on what we were used to. We got what we expected with enough twists to make it well worth the money.Design in Las Vegas is coming into a new contemporary realm and the interior of this place is fitting of that. There was a color changing wall that was super interesting and fun, underneath it the sushi chefs worked away at orders.Everything at Shibuya was great and we are picky. Our server was the right mix of being on top of things and leaving us alone. He also helped us to figure out where to go after dinner and made a call to a friend of his to see which night club was best. They didn't rush us out when we wanted coffee either.Put it on your Vegas hit list.
4	Arrived to MGM at 9 pm and randomly walked by Shibuya, went in with a couple of my friends and ordered their oysters and Australian Wagyu skirt steak. Oysters are fresh and sauces on them are great. Wagyu kobe beef is also delicious. Definitely will visit again next time around.
4	I've eaten at almost every sushi restaurant in Vegas and I was pleasantly surprised by Shibuya.  The food was excellent and reasonably priced which I found odd for Vegas and towards the end of our service our waitress literally brought us $50 to $70 dollars were of free sushi which was made for another table that cancelled their order.  Our waitress could not have been nicer and more attentive and I would definitely go back and eat here.
2	Came here for dinner with a bunch of my girls for my bachelorette bash.   Let's keep it real.  Super overpriced for sushi.  I know everything seems to be expensive in Vegas, but most times that's cause the food is actually good.  I ordered a shrimp tempura roll which shouldn't be anything over 8-9 bucks max, but dude I think it was like almost $13 here.  Are you kidding me?!?!  It wasn't even good.  I also ordered the dragon roll, I believe it was and again overpriced and not good.  What you're paying for here is freaking the atmosphere.  Boo!  I say if you want some good sushi, go off the strip by like five minutes and go to Yama Sushi for all you can eat sushi and nigiri for about $20/person including dessert.   Now that's a deal!   Don't waste your money!  Nothing to write home about!
3	I was looking forward to eating here because Vegas in recent years has become a gastronomical mecca. The decor in this place was grand and beautiful as are most places along the strip. We had a reservation so we got seated right away.Sushi on the price spectrum I know is on the expensive side. Being that we're in Vegas, I get that we're going to pay a few more bucks. BUT I also expect that we're getting top notch food. I'm willing to pay the money for heaven on my tongue (get your mind out of the gutter, kids).With that said, service was good. Our waiter knew his stuff, explained the various dishes and wide variety of sake to us, helping us settle on Jokugan sake. We're not big sake fans but this was so smooth it's what we look for now at other restaurants.Food: Toro Tartare - amazing. Fresh fish, very cool plating (including gold flakes), highly recommended.Panko fried pork belly - not good. I'm aware there's going to be fat, hence, the pork belly. But when I bite into a strip of crispy fried goodness and can't actually bite a piece off, something's not right. Very few pieces on the plate were edible.Short ribs with foie grois - Yummy. Ribs were done right and the foie grois was a good complement.Yellowtail with jalapeno pepper, spicy tuna roll - both delicious, fish was pretty fresh on both. The jalapeno pepper added a pleasant spicy kick to the roll. I still think it was overpriced though since there was nothing fancy in the ingredients.Mochi - here was the surprising disappointment. There are four flavors on the plate: vanilla (if it's supposed to be lychee, doesn't really taste like it), mango, red bean and pistachio. All cut in half and beautifully displayed. Plenty for our table of three. However, two out of the four flavors had dry skin, as in the mochi was no longer chewy. That either means it was old or freezer burned. Ew. Either way, I can pull a mochi treat from my local grocery store and the skin will taste better than that.So hopefully, they can bring all the food up to the level of the Toro Tartare. Otherwise, I don't think it's worth paying the prices here when there is outstanding food in Vegas.
3	Good sushi for Vegas I guess. I definitely wasn't as fresh as I'm used to but the scene was very cool and the service was decent.  It was pricey as well, but that's Vegas for ya!
4	Dinner reservation was set for 6:30pm on a Monday evening.  The host told us that they will hold the table up to 10 mins after 6:30 and if we don't get there by 6:40pm, they will give our table away.  We rushed over to the Signature to check-in and put the luggage away and we heard the phone rang and was told that if we don't get to the restaurant by 6:40pm, they will so give out table away.  We power walked from Tower 3 (the farthest tower from the walkway) to get to Shibuya.  I was wearing a 3 inch heel boots, but we really wanna make it to dinner.So when we arrived, it wasn't even busy!!!!  Who were they going to give the table to...no one?  Anywho, we secured our table while waiting for the rest of our party to arrive.The drinks were quite expensive.  A bottle of Asahi was like $8 and a cocktail drink was $14.  That's the price at the freakin club man. Their selected entrees comes with a salad with apple yuzu vinaigrette, choice of lobster or mushroom miso soup, vegetables, rice, and a dessert trio.  the salad was fresh and crisp, and the vinaigrette was very refreshing.  I chose the mushroom miso soup, and there were 3 different types of mushroom.  Was light and comforting.  Most of us got the Surf and Turf, which includes the 1/2 Australian Lobster Tail, 4 oz Tenderloin, and 3 Tiger Prawns.  The lobster tails were overcooked, the tenderloins were medium-rare and cooked perfectly, the prawns were overcooked as well.  Our party really enjoyed the three different sauces that were provided.  I like the garlic butter so I requested extra extra garlic butter on the side so I can dip the different protein into...I know, "heart attack" is bound to happen but I don't splurge like this all the time, and my cholesterol has been checked recently and I am normal.The fried rice was next, after everyone pretty much finished our protein.  It was decent, but I must agree with fellow yelpers that I prefer Benihana's fried rice.  Just more flavor I believe.At this point, we were so full, that we totally forgot about the veggies.  But that didn't stop the chef from pulling out a tray of asparagus, oyster mushroom, and another green veggie that I can't remember the name at this time.  He plated it nicely on a squared glass plate and handed to each of us.  A couple of us weren't a fan of this plate of veggie, and would rather prefer the Benihana veggies...Our Pastry Chef's Dessert Trio consisted of a vanilla mochi icecream, lychee inside chocolate something, and a raspberry gelee combined with something???  Well regardless, the raspberry dessert was everyone's favorite, which the lychee chocolate wasn't so yummy, and the mochi was kinda hard for some...Anyways, the chef was funny and friendly, restaurant is nice and clean, has quality ingredients, but I think the price is high.
5	I wanted to take my boyfriend out to a nice sushi snack. We had to meet up with our friends for dinner but both of us could not wait another hour to eat. So that is why it a snack for us. I highly recommend this place for dinner the next time your in Vegas. Amazing!!!!!!! We got the Sweet Shrimp. It was so good we ordered another two. Salmon, Oh toro, Chu toro, Sweet Shrimp was on our winner rounds. ( We would ordered random sushi, which ever was good would make it to our winner rounds to finish off our meal). Ambiance was really nice. Seriously I'm still thinking about our sushi. It was so freaking Delicious. It's really hard to find a place with really good sushi.
4	We've been here twice and both times I thought it was great. My husband likes to sit at the sushi bar. A good sushi chef will get really creative and put together some amazing dishes that you won't find on the menu. At Shibuya the sushi chef we had seemed to have a hard time putting together the rolls that were even on the menu. We must have had a new guy or something. That aside the service, sushi, and sake were delish!
5	This is one of the best Japanese restaurant on the strip!Restaurant decor is very nice and comtemporary.  We ordered quite a lot of food that night:Two sushi rolls (dragon roll and forgot the name of the other, both average)Sashimi (Toro & smoked salmon, both good but not great, i had better elsewhere)Teppanyaki (Seafood combo, wagyu striploin, angus tenderloin)A bottle of sakeAmong all the food, tepanyaki is the BEST, well seasoned and tasted excellent. The chef was very friendly and knowledgeable, not much a show (he even said we were there to eat, not to watch a show or we should buy show ticket elsewhere, well honestly it is true and usually only confident chef can have this kind of attitude!) However service was very disappointing, we had to ask for everything from start to the end.  Our wait staff seems not expecting/wanting us to order more food: He kept the non-teppanyaki menu from us all the time or hurry to get menu back after we ordered a few thing.  We had to check with him about our food, and he was hurry to take away our plates (didn't they want us to order more?)The tab wasn't too bad but i will come back for teppanyaki only.  Hopefully the service will be improved next time.
5	We ate at Shibuya our last night in Vegas over Super Bowl weekend.  The food and service here were outstanding, but I'd rate Shibuya just behind Nobu as far as Las Vegas strip sushi places go.The decor of the restaurant is modern with an Asian flair.  The tables are divided by ornate ironwork in the dining area that gives you a sense of privacy - it was very cool.We started dinner with a bottle of sake that was recommended by our waiter.  He asked what our price point was and what kind of flavor we were after and made a suggestion according to those criteria.  He didn't try to upsell us or belittle our amount - he was very professional.We decided on a hybrid tasting menu - we gave the waiter a price point and told him to have the chef develop a menu for us based that amount of money for 3 people.  The chef came through with flying colors - the meal was fantastic!We started with miso soup, edamame, seaweed salad, yellow tail sashimi and a tuna tartar.  The yellow tail was the highlight of this course as the fish was fresh and the jalepeno sauce on it was very tasty.  The next course was beef with dipping sauce and mushrooms, a tempura, and the lobster and scallop stew.  We loved the lobster stew - it was outstanding with its hints of saffron and was the highlight of the dinner.  The final course was sushi and sashimi that included 3 of the house rolls as well as yellow tail, salmon and tuna.  One roll that included eel and mango was our favorite - a great combination of flavors.This meal was one of the highlights of our trip and we'll certainly be back again.
4	Beautiful room!  Food was great although portions were small.   The black cod fish and salmon dish melted in our mouth.   The sushi was great. Even though the portions were small I would have rated in higher but the waiter was not particularly pleasant.  It was Valentine's Day so they were busy but it was probably the least pleasant wait staff we experienced in Vegas  - including a late night cone at Burger King.
5	What can I say that everyone else hasnt already said... soooo delicious. Albacore sashimi dish was melt in your mouth, blue fin tuna to die for. And the service was exceptional. I couldnt have asked for more. It was my friends bdaya nd they gave me a plate of mochi as well with happy birthday beautifully written in chocolate on chocolate. but by far the best part of my night was sitting next to family that was all trying sushi for the first time and the little kids face was priceless with every bite he took. so amazing
5	Everything was delicious,  Service, food, ambiance.  Great!
4	had shibuya the last night of my vegas trip. (dec. 2010)this places is an upscale sushi. we had to wait about 10-15 minutes for our seat. we were then seated at the sushi bar. there are about 10 sushi chef in a line behind the bar working. we looked at the menu and we decided to try their tasting menu that was bout $70-$80. it was a four course menu i believe.i had hamachi sashimi with a yuzu sauce and i thought it was really great! then a salad came out and it was very citrus-acid dressing and i enjoyed it very much. then i had beef with mushrooms and a sauce and it was very tender, juicy and i love the earthiness of the mushrooms and the sauce was very cohesive to the whole entree.the sushi chefs make places for other customers right in front of you and you can tell the sushi chefs know what they are doing and have great skill with what they do.. and they speak in japanese. i don't really remember the exact stuff but i just know that this place had a great ambiance and probably the best sushi/sashimi i've ever had.... can't find one like this in cali. (still looking for a sushi place to love...)it is pricey and upscale, because it is Vegas... however, next time i will definitelyyyy come prepared and try there other foods... i thought their tasting menu was put together really well to get the sense and quality of the flavors and the place.
3	My wife and I ate at Shibuya on Sat night March 5th, 2011.  Hostesses and seating was fine.  The decor was nice but there wasn't a light over our table as at some of the other tables.  With sushi the visual aspect is almost as important as taste imho and I felt I wasn't able to visually appreciate the food.  We were advised by the waiter to choose 2 cold plates, two hot plates and get some sushi after.  Terrible advice and then the usual "would you like bottled water" up-sell garbage.  Wow.  Did I just end up in TGI Fridays?  So we ordered 2 cold plates, (tuna tartare and chu-toro sashimi)  1 hot plate, (tempura) and an unagi roll.  My wife had a glass of pinot grigio which was excellent and I had a glass of Asahi.First of all, despite being advised by the server the proper order in which to eat, we ended up having all of our plates on the table at once.  The tuna tartare was all avocado without any contrasting flavors or textures to accent.  It was ok.  The chu-toro might be one of the best things I've eaten in a Japanese restaurant.  Crispy garlic chip and super thin daikon made a great accompaniment to the fatty tuna.  Tempura was fine but our local place does a better one with spring asparagus.  The unagi was sweet on sweet but it's about what I expected.This meal would have been fine if we were at our local sushi place and spent 50 bucks on our dinner but we weren't and I expected more.  Unlikely that I would return.
3	We ended up hanging out here for a little bit and it turned out to be more of a $80 snack for me.  I did get a bottle of sake that turned out to be $35 for a small 300ml bottle. it was tasty but a little too sweet for my taste....i only wish i could remember which one it was. Two items really stood out for me. Toro Scallion roll and the Tuna Sashimi which had some greens, parm, a truffe soy vinegarette on it. These two dishes were amazing and totally new for me. The mix of the truffle oil with sashimi, i never would have thought. I think if im trying to impress id take someone here because it is nice, it presents very well, and it sure has one hell of a price tag. For sushi, i prefer to pay the big bucks for truly good sushi that isnt about the fancy vegas atmosphere.
3	3.5 stars....pretty good food and service!
5	If it weren't for all the other restaurants in Las Vegas that I want to try, I think I could eat here every night. My flight into Vegas was 2 hours late, so I was starving when I checked into the MGM and went straight to Shibuya and found a spot at their wheelchair accessible Sushi Bar. I started with a nice Unfiltered Sake that was suggested by the restaurant's Sommelier who stopped by soon after I was seated. I ordered the Chu Toro, Unagi and the Salmon. When my order came out there were four different items on my plate. When I asked the chef he said, "on house". Turns out it was Anago (Sea Eel), which is similiar to Unagi (Freshwater Eel). This was an unexpected treat. I finished my impeccably fresh, tasty meal and paid my bill. As I was getting ready to leave, the Chef who had been so nice to me all night signaled for me to wait. Soon, two more pieces of Chu Toro appeared in front of me. I am not sure why I was treated so well, but needless to say, I left very happy and very full!
4	Really good dinner tonight. I followed the recommendation of the waiter, to an extent, and probably ordered more than I needed, but, what the hey. I started with the sunomono, just plain. Really nice, ice cold (but not icy) cucumbers with a sweet vinegar dressing and toasted black sesame seeds. Delicious, crisp, refreshing. Maybe a little bit too sweet, and maybe could have used a little bit more sesame seed, but really a nice start. I ordered both a roll and a hot plate - the roll was the waiter recommended Shibuya Roll. Soft shell crab, fresh jalapeno, spicy albacore, and scallion. Very good, even with the scallion on top. The crab was nice and sweet, with a very light batter, and the jalapeno, although odd sounding, provided good heat that really wasn't all too different from what you get in your typical spicy tuna roll. I would tend to blame that on the quality of the pepper - either it's lost in the roll, or it didn't have much jalapeno flavor, just a little mild heat. Either way, this was worth getting, even as I was drawn to the Hanabi roll with its green apple. The entree was the also recommended Australian lobster and day boat scallops in uni butter sauce. This was simply outstanding. Sweet, succulent, delicious lobster, as close to what I remember having at Tru, and very well cooked scallops (of which only one was the tiniest bit gritty), all in a delicious, and likely heart healthy sauce. All of this was on a little rice, and with edamame, baby carrot, and heirloom cherry tomatoes, which were pleasantly cooked hot, but still crisp skinned. All of this was just an amazing combo. I found myself expending the effort to chopstick individual grains of rice out of the leftover sauce. As I was dining alone (really fun, I know) I opted to sit at the sushi bar, which is one of the better ones I've sat at. Probably 5-6 chefs, all working what simply beautiful ingredients, and making some really amazing stuff. It would take a lot of visits to try all the things they were making, but that I didn't order. Service was friendly and prompt - I was even seated a bit early, and the place was definitely not empty. I probably won't be back? But I would totally go back.
3	Excellent food, overpriced, very poor service, restrooms were an absolute smelly pigsty (killed my appetite).
4	4.5 stars!I've been here a couple of times and have only done their teppanyaki. I do look forward to trying their traditional menu the next next time I'm in Vegas. Right now we're trying all new restaurants! Reviews to come. The teppanyaki comes with:-Organic Field Greens with Apple Yuzu Vinaigrette-Choice of Lobster or Mushroom Miso Soup-California Farmers' Market Organic Vegetables and Tamaki Rice-Pastry Chef's Dessert TrioThe salad is mmm, mmm good! The vinaigrette is sweet but not too over powering. I always end up eating the rest of someone else's salad in addition to my own.I don't particularly love miso soup, but I will say that this one is pretty good. I've only had the lobster one, though I'm sure the mushroom on is good too.Their vegetables are fresh and crispy and their fried rice is solid too. For the entree I've had the 8 oz. select angus tenderloin and my bf gets the surf and turf. The cuts are juicy and tender! I think the last time I had it done medium well, but next time I'll try medium. Regardless, it was tasty and like butta! The dessert trio seems to changes every so often. I find that it hits the spot. It's not amaaazing, but it's pretty good. It's perfect way to end your meal at Shibuya.Minus half  one star because it is a tad bit more expensive than I think it should be and for that price I want to see a onion fire volcano and stupid tricks when I eat teppanyaki! Silly me.Now, like everyone says about Vegas fine dining - it's usually overpriced but you as the customer should know what you are getting into and if it's too expensive for you then go somewhere else! This place is about $10-20 more than I'd spend for a really tasty meal in Vegas (which isn't much), but I'm there to have a good time with my friends, so it's worth it to spend a wee bit more. If its $50+ more than you want to spend, I would say go somewhere else.  In the past I've come with a large group and as stated yes this place is pricy (duh, Vegas) but if you are going to come here and you are a carnivore, just get the beef!!! Unless you really aren't a fan beef and love chicken, stop being a cheap ass and get a beef entree. It's worth it! Ugh, who gets chicken?! Yawn, poultry - the boring meat. And last but not least, the service is excellent. The waiters were really nice and helpful. They check on you often and are attentive. I would definitely recommend this place if you are going to be eating at the MGM.
4	When we first started coming to Vegas this past summer, we were in love with Shibuya. We frequented this spot at least once a week. However, since we discovered Little Buddha at Palms, they stole our heart. The benefits of Shibuya are the lobster miso soup, the tuna appetizer, the yellowtail appetizer, and the ambiance. The service is also exceptional. My only reason for knocking them down a star is they slice their sashimi too thick for us...and the last two times we were there, the lobster miso lacked the amount of lobster we were used to in our earlier visits.Pros: Appetizers, ambiance, soupCons: Thick sashimi, happen to prefer Little Buddha
3	Had high hopes for this place, but honestly have had better.  The atmosphere is nice; the service is a little show and we felt neglected at times.
2	We had a horrible server so I am trying to be generous here with the two stars as I'm sure not everyone who works here is like this guy.  Despite the service, the food was just mediocre.  There are so many better sushi restaurants in Vegas so I'd say this was a skip.  Not horrible, just bland and VERY salty, boring food.Regarding the service, it was not good times.  We ordered 3 dishes to share (a cold plate, a hot plate, and a roll) and 2 out of the three things came out wrong.  Like as in totally something else that we did not order.  Then our waiter asked us if the manager came over to lie and say we ordered the wrong things or didn't like the stuff because (and I quote) he 'makes a lot of mistakes'.  Seriously dude?  I know being a server is harder than people thing (I've done it) but c'mon!  Asking your table to lie to your manager ESPECIALLY at an 'upscale' place like this?  Not cool.Luckily the manager didn't come over and he hooked us up with dessert, which again was boring and bland.  The only amusing thing about the whole situation was that Miranda Lambert and Blake Shelton were at the table next to us and it was kind of a circus.  Otherwise, it was a total joke.  Save your pennies and go someplace else.
5	Grew up on Maui and lived in Newport beach and San Diego for years. This is the best sushi I've ever had, they crush Nobu to bits. I had blue fin sashimi special that brought me back to my childhood instantly. Freshest and best oyster ever! The lobster roll is a tempura lobster tail, and has the best biggest mouthful of lobster bites you could ever hope for. Just eat here, it's so worth $100 per person It's not even funny. Oh, the service and decor are also top notch, making it worthy of five stars easy!!
2	We went here for a friend's birthday dinner and did the restaurant week menu. I was severely disappointed. The amount of food and the quality of food is really not up to par. The steak that we were served was cold. I've had much better sushi on Ventura Blvd. Avoid this place. Overrated.
1	Shibuya can suck it. Went here for dinner early on a Sunday night and the place was completely empty and when we were seated in the bar area, I asked if we could sit in the dining area, since I wanted to take in the awesome interior (which is AWESOME). The teenage hostess grudgingly sat us at the worst table on the outskirts of the dining room right near the door. WTF? I know what you are thinking, that we were underdressed right? Well, us ladies were in dresses and the guys were in collared shirts, so I don't know why the hostess felt the need to slight us. Oh, did I mention that we were here to celebrate my dad's 60th birthday? Yeah, uncool. The food was just ok. I have definitely had much better at sushi restaurants in strip malls in the San Fernando Valley, not to mention other locations on the LV Strip. Totally pompous server as well. I could go on but the gist is that you can eat better for a lot less, even in Vegas and not be insulted by the staff. Never again.
3	Wow, what a change in experience since our first visit.  Could it be we didn't spend as much money this time?It seemed as though once our server knew we weren't interested in the expensive Omakase menu, and just wanted a few simple ala carte items, he lost complete interest in our table.  He couldn't get away from the table fast enough actually.  Plates were dropped off  rapidly, and he repeatedly bolted away.  I was really disappointed as our last meal here had been thoroughly excellent.The food was still fantastic, if not priced somewhat over the top, as all things Las Vegas.  Our sushi came out exceptionally quickly, I noted they had at least four sushi chefs working.  All the rolls were excellent quality, fine construction and ingredients.  Five for food, four for a great dining space and atmosphere, one for an almost comically disinterested server.With all the Vegas options for high end Japanese, I doubt I'd come back here intentionally.  Perhaps for the sushi bar, as that did look pretty cool, and I could be sure to avoid the completely bi-polar service.
4	Being a designer, I was initially drawn to shibuya by its wonderfully executed interiors. Spot on design"; eclectic, warm, and intimate with perfect lighting. One the surface, it is a beautifully layered environment. Beyond the attractive interiors, the food and service was top notch. We were initially seated up front next to a couple of affliction/ Ed hardy clad malcontents; but following a request to be relocated, the hostess accommodated us with a more private table in the rear dining room. Our waiter was very gracious and  attentive. The quality of the fish was out of this world. The salmon and tuna melted the second it hit our mouths. The presentation was simple and straight forward. The most surprising aspect of the night was the price; very very reasonable. Their roll prices are on par with what you would pay at your neighborhood sushi bar. My wife and I escaped, with alcohol, with a bill that was under $100. Needless to say, this is one of the best fine dining values on the strip. I highly recommend Shibuya. This will certainly be a regular stopping point for us on our Vegas excursions.
5	OMG, the seaweed sampler was hecka good! The tea was good too! They have many small plates and large plates and variety of food. The portions may be a bit small, but really the food is great! I went early to beat the crowd, and the atmosphere was very nice and chic. It's a bit hidden, so you might have to ask around to find the place. The service was like any other place, pretty normal.
4	Ok, I've been on Yelp since 2006, my one only review was in 2009, and this is the first one since so will make this a good one. This is our second time eating at Shibuya with our girls (age 19, 14). We wanted to go to L' Atelier or Craftsteak but could not get a reservation so we ended up here. Our first time was in Jan. 2007 and ordered from the traditional menu. Don't remember much from that meal but I know it was quite good. This time we had Teppanyaki. Didn't have any expectations but we were blown away. By far the best Teppanyaki we've ever had. However, if you're looking for one with a Teppanyaki show (such as that at Benihana's), this is definitely not the place.  Our dinner: an amuse bouche (crab salad), the organic field greens w/ apple yuzu vinaigrette, soup (lobster and mushroom miso) main course ( Day Boat Scallops, Salmon-Sustainable Catch, Ribeye, Tenderloin) with dipping sauces trio (ponzu, ginge miso, garlic aioli), Organic Vegetables and Tamaki Rice. Everything was fresh, flavorful and cooked to perfection. We ended the meal with a dessert trio of mango mochi ice cream, choco lychee mouse and panna cotta w/ raspberry coulis. Loved it! They have an extensive sake and cocktail list but we're too tired from our day trip to the Grand Canyon so we didn't have any.From the beautiful setting to great food, I would recommend this restaurant. However, I only gave it 4 stars because we weren't too crazy about the service. The Hostess were friendly, the Teppanyaki Chef was good, but our main server was abrupt. I even asked if we can order some items from the traditional menu and he quickly replied no, but we saw the lady at the next table who clearly was eating something off the regular menu.
4	Have eaten here twice, once in 2010 and once in 2011.  The first time we ate here the food was amazing and the service was probably MORE amazing.  An older French gentleman who was as polite as humanly possible and made an amazingly tasty meal all the more memorable.  This year the food was still excellent (the pineapple miso salmon and shiro miso black cod, along with a couple of their desserts are among the best things I've ever eaten), but the staff, a younger guy, was borderline awful.  He warmed up a bit as the evening wore on but when we first came in I got the feeling he couldn't decide whether to spit on us or seat us.  Not great.  Everyone has a bad day - the food was still great, and I'll be going back here again next time I'm in Vegas.Beautiful decor, by the way.  Worth a peek in even if you never eat there.
3	I'm half Japanese (my best half!) so I'm 2nd generation critical & finicky when it comes to dining Japanese. Shibuya was above average... what it lacked in substance was certainly made up for with presentation. The seared tuna skewer was nice... while the crab salad was ok the fish-bowl under the salad was certainly entertaining! Being there on a birthday may have enticed specialty service... like being surprised with mochi ice cream & tiramasu was very cool. I never saw or picked up the tab for the six of us that nite, leading to my 'soft critique', I'm assuming... I'll go back.
5	Daaaamnnnnnn..it's french japanese fusion with really really really reaaaaalllllyyyyyy amazing food & drinks. It's inside the MGM hotel run by japanese sushi chiefs. We had our bachlorette dinner here before we went out for the night. bill came out to about $1200 but.. SUPER worth it. hahahha. damnnn..
3	Came here expecting to be blown away.  Started with the Kanpachi Sashimi and we were in Heaven for about 20 seconds, then the 4 thin pieces of melt-in-your-mouth, citrusy, truffley, deliciousness were gone.  Moved on to the mushroom salad which was also delectable.  Tried some of my girlfriend's lobster miso soup which I thought was gross and she thought was just okay.  The yellowtail jalapeno roll was good, and the Seared Akami Tuna was okay. The Shibuya roll was not as good as we expected to be.  Basically, I could have paid a lot less and been way more satisfied at my favorite sushi places in LA and Orange County.  Even though our appetizers were the best, with a $140 bill for two people I expected a much better meal.  For now Katsu-Ya still reigns as sushi ruler in my book. Trying NobHill Tavern next time I'm in Vegas.
4	I was on my way to Emeril's fish house when I noticed this place had seating. Due the the three hour time change eating at 4:00 was pretty easy to do. Call it senior dinner time.I agree with a few of the posts that the hosts aren't overly pleasant or friendly but as it turns out its a nominal issue compared to the meal and service I received.I was seated at the end of the sushi bar where the food is laid out for wait staff to pick up.  I guess if I were a more important person I'd be ticked but getting to see the food up close was pretty amazing.The waiter came over and explained the menu and really pushed the tasting menu, which was 120 for 9 courses.  In Vegas dollars that isn't unreasonable so I accepted and on we went.Finally in Vegas, I won!  The meal was very much like playing a chess game.I went from Kusshi Oyster to three types of Hamachi to Wagyu beef to lobster tails & day boat scallops to Kobe short rib & Foie Gras to Lobster Miso to fresh tuna belly and you Yellow tail nigiri finally to the Mochi ice cream & Lychee Mousse & raspberry Pannacotta desert tasting in 9 moves. The staff were polite, quick, and made sure that was I was eating was explained at the time of arrival.I would not hesitate to come back here or order the same thing.
1	From the outside this place looks amazing, but looks were very decieving. We went to eat the highly talked about sushi, and didnt eat anything else but sushi. The sushi was less than ok. It tasted like sushi you would get from vons or some sort of supermarket. I was not satisfied with it at all. Not sure how the regular dining is but I would not recomend eating the sushi.
3	this place is awesome! Had a great time! We went here labor day weekend and it very tasty but EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE!!!!! But it's sushi, it's in Vegas, and the setting is fancy so it was expected! We ordered a lot of sashimi, sake, and beer. It was just 4 of us and managed to rack up a bill of almost $500.00 but did not regret it at all it was worth it! One of the best in VEGAS from the several I have tried in Vegas.
5	This place is yummy!!! i've heard alot of positive things about this place and was highly recommended by a good friend of mine who knows a thing or two about good food so I decided to give it a try since I was in Vegas for vacation.Restaurant looked nice and elegant, the waiter we had was friendly, very knowledgeable about everything on the menu so I pretty much knew from the start that my dining experience here would be a good one.I started things off with  a snow crab roll which was very good, don't as me why but according to my friend he noticed that they used a special kind of japanese rice so you could tell from the start that it wasn't your typical white rice. I also ordered the tendon udon soup which was simply mouth watering, the meat was very soft and the broth, noodles were good as well.For my entree i ordered the Braised Kobe style short rib & seared foie gras with white asparagus and a spicy sweet soy. Everything I ordered was awesome and the food presentation was very appealing. Everyone else that was dining with me enjoyed their food as well, this is definitely one place that I'm coming back to the next time I come to vegas, so if you my fellow yelpers are in Vegas and craving for some japanese food, this is the place to go. It's located in the MGM Hotel so check it out, you'll be glad that you did!!!
5	What a wonderful experieince! We chose to eat in the dining room instead of at the sushi bar or at a tempanyaki table. The decor was beautiful, the service was great, and the food was not only delicious, but gorgeous! I took a picture of everything we ate. Our cocktails were yummy. We had an unusual apple marini, and a plum wine champagne cocktail. For a starter, we shared a yellowtail jalapeno roll. It was awesome. For the next course, I had a warm mushroom salad that was so delicious and rich. For the main course, I had a duo of black cod and red snapper, cooked to perfection and picture worthy. For dessert, we shared a homemade green tea ice cream plate and a duo of creme brule. I don't have a single negative thing to say about this place except I wish it was closer to where I lived!!
5	If I could choose the BEST thing i've ever ate....it's here. The lobster with scallops on their dinner menu is the most fantastic thing in the world, it's so delicious we asked for a spoon to eat the sauce! I kept having to taste it again and again before the waiter took it away....in one word... Wow!!!!
4	Ordered a tasting menu while eating here with my wife and some friends.  My wife normally never eats sushi however she cleaned off every p,ate of fish that was placed on our table.  This is a great sushi place.
4	I came here with my bf after having 3/4 bottle of wine and other drinks, so we were pretty buzzed before our meal. The decor there was really nice, quite romantic :) Very modern interior with a row of chefs preparing the sashimi at the bar area. We weren't that hungry so only had the rainbow roll and spicy tuna roll. The fish all tasted pretty fresh, but the best part was their tiramisu. I have never had tiramisu that looked the way this way did. It tasted like a tiramisu ice cream cake but it also had white foam with speckles of chocolate crispies on top..very interesting and delicious!
3	I was really looking forward to teppanyaki at Shibuya.  Being such an expensive restaurant, I thought I was in for the best experience of my life.  It was a massive dissappointment.  There was nothing entertaining about their teppanyaki presentation.  The service was surprisingly absent.  My colleague asked for a refill on his drink and was ignored.  In a place like this, we shouldn't have to ask for refills.  They should magically appear before we ever notice we're in need of one.  Poor service and disappointing teppanyaki aside, the food was actually quite delicious and there was an abundance of it.  Just wish the experience had been better.
4	Really good food and service.  I have been here twice and I have had a good experience both times.
5	We had our 20th wedding anniversary dinner there (May 2011) and as always : it was delicious. We got also a free drink and dessert.Not cheap, but high quality. Each time we are in Las Vegas, we will have 1 dinner there.
5	AMAZING! this has set the bar for sushi at a very high level! If you're ever in vegas at the MGM, you HAVE to stop by. I have to warn you though, it was very very very pricey but it is well worth the money. I may have went a little overboard but, for two people we paid about 120 including tip. For appetizer, I had the sashimi salad which has 3 different types of fish, some greens and lightly dressed. They also had these small round ball thingys that i just couldn't get enough of! It was delicious! i recommend this when going .For dinner, we had some of the specialty rolls and some sashimi. The Sashimi just MELTS in your mouth and is cut thinly so that if you're not a big fan of it, it is still bearable. It was the best sashimi i've ever tasted. Every roll tasted so fresh and very neatly put together. For dinner, we had the creme brulee duo which consists of the marinated plum and caramel ginger flavor. The plum flavor was a bit  of a shock. I didn't think you would put so much plum flavor in such a small pot of flan. The caramel ginger also tasted like they had too much ginger, but hey if you like a strong ginger taste go for it :) The ambience: Very romantic setting. It was dark and they have these gorgeous red lights and surrounding each table/booth were these branch like dividers. It seems as if you are sitting in the woods. The staff was really friendly and the decor above the sushi chefs is indescribable. All I know is , I need to have on in my own house! Overall, I'd eat here over and over again even if it breaks my bank. Im a BIG sushi fan.
3	Good solid strip Sushi. Good service. Nothing to write home about. One issue concerned me, some of the sushi and rolls that should have been cold were warm.
5	This was the best of the 5 restaurants we visited...the waiter had personality plus...fun and went out of his way to make sure we enjoyed our meals or made sure we were taken care of regardless.  We'll go back on our next trip.
4	Very swanky, upscale sushi.  My typical seaweed salad side dish was actually a spread of 4 exotic varieties of yummy sea plants.  They had a baked roll topped with real king crab legs...need I say more?  Restaurant looks killer, too.  Don't know why restauranteurs out here don't dress their establishments as nicely as they do in Vegas.  8 sushi chefs in starched chef coats handling premium fish.  They don't hand you your order over the counter if you sit at the bar.  You have a waiter that brings everything to you.  Seemed like they had a hundred different labels of sake on display.  Would definitely go again.
5	Simply Delicious!  We went here with a few friends and sat at the teppanyaki table, which was fun and entertaining. I had the seafood combo, and he got the surf & turf.  Both meals were great!  You can choose to the type of rice you'd like; steamed, egg fried and can add it shrimp, chicken beef...whatever you'd like!  the steamed vegetables were really good and the soup was satisfying.  We'd highly recommend going here and sitting at the teppanyaki table...a little on the pricey side, but makes for a fun night out.
4	Had a great time eating sushi at Shibuya.  It was four of us, we all shared our rolls.  They were all great and amazing taste.  its well worth the visit, we enjoyed our soup and salad as well.  We also ordered dessert at the end and it was amazing.  I would go back the next time am in Vegas. Prices are okay not too expensive.
5	My wife and I went for our first dinner as a married couple. The food was amazing. We had the tasting menu and it was to die for. The service was perfect Ed was our server and did a great job. Have no complaints. We had a bottle of blueberry sake and the desert came out saying congratulations on a piece of white chocolate. The manager Charles did such a great job with the little details it made our evening very special one we will remember forever
1	I can't believe this place has such good reviews.  I went here for my bachelorette party and had to deal with the most scumbag of a waiter and the most incompetent manager ever.  If I could give this place no stars I would.I told the waiter that it was my bachelorette party and asked if he had any suggestions.  He said he didn't. Even though we found out later that they had a tasting menu.  This would be nice to offer a bachelorette party.  We asked him what was on the boat and he couldn't really tell us and said he would check with the chef.  He came back about 10minutes later and told us he couldn't understand what the sushi chefs were saying because they didn't speak English very well.  Are you kidding me???  You should NOT be working in a Japanese restaurant if you cannot communicate with the sushi chefs.  Telling a bunch of Asians that your chef cannot speak English is bordering on being racist.  Why don't you try a little harder next time since this IS your job.He was barely present through out our whole meal and I was so upset that I called the manager over.  The manager was useless.  He did not see what the waiter did wrong (maybe he was racist as well) and did not offer to do anything extra for us.  When the bill came, I tried to paid it with my credit card.  The scumbag waiter came back and told me that my card was declined.  How embarrassed did  he make me feel.  I found out later when I called my credit card that it was NEVER declined.  What a scumbag.  He was doing it out of spite.This is the worse restaurant I have ever dined at.  The food doesn't even matter because the service was so horrible.  If Shibuya was in NYC, it would not stand a chance because New Yorkers will not put up with this type of subpar service at a fine dining establishment.  There are tons of restaurants in Vegas and this one is not worth your aggrevation.
2	Our dinner experience started out poorly here, as there was a mix-up with our reservation. I was assured on three occasions that we could order solely off of the sushi menu at the teppanyaki table, as part of our party wanted teppanyaki, while part wanted only sushi. When we arrived, we found out that this was not the case, so we were forced to change our reservation and sit at a normal table. We sat without attention, menus, or water for a good 10 minutes, and finally had to flag somebody down to ask for menus.The food was definitely not worth the price. My dish of scallops and lobster was mediocre, and the desserts were just ok. There were good parts of the meal, like the mochi ice cream and the sushi itself, but I would definitely not come back. There are so many other, better Japanese restaurants on the Strip.
5	I loved everything I ordered....the best fried rice, sushi was delicious and the sake was soooo good. I had coconut mochi ice cream and lychee chocolate and some kind of raspberry sorbet. They all were so good. The angus steak slices was so tender and good. My favorite restaurant in Vegas as of now!
5	Awesome service. They had an awesome drink called the Ginger Beast. When we came to eat here, we asked for it. It's no longer on the menu, they stopped serving it a few months ago according to our waitress, but she asked the barkeep and the bar was willing to make it for us. AWESOME service!!!The food here is top notch, fresh, and wow..... YUMMO. The oyster tasting shooters are great. The Shibuya roll is great. The Shibaki Tuna Tartare is great. The pork crisp is yummy and the black cod..WOW  awesome...and did i mention how good the Shibuya roll is? It was so good that we had to order another one. Awesome place inside the MGM Grand.
5	the kobe wagyu is the best thing i have ever had here for mkt price! it is a must try the chef only cooks for a few seconds on each side and the meat is tender!! came here with relatives and had a great time and experience with the food!
4	My friends and I came here for a birthday. The restaurant is really nice and away from the hustle and bustle of the casino. We had about five different rolls between the three of us, soup, and desserts. Everything was wonderful. The service was friendly, fast, and attentive. The ambiance was great. I really enjoyed the sesame "chopsticks" that came with the mango sashimi. Everything was fresh and tasted amazing. It is DEFINITELY a bit overpriced, but then again, we expected it since we were on The Strip.
4	This is my third time visiting Shibuya.  If you are in Vegas, want to try some fusion Japanese plates, this is the place to go.  As soon as you open up the menu, prices might scare you but trust me, Shibuya's hot plates and salads are amazing.  Also their rolls are pretty good too.  Only thing I'd stay away from is Sushi/Sashimi.  Not only they are very highly priced but I have had much better Sushi/Sashimi in other places for 1/3 of price.  For example, I ordered Chu-Toro and O-Toro Sushi.  $20 & $40 for 2 pieces each.  And to me their Toro wasn't the best Toro I have tried.  On the other hand, Shibuya's hot plates are quite amazing.  Wagyu Steak w/Shitake mushroom was just cooked to perfection.  Oyster starter is must to try, they are tiny little oysters yet very very tasty.  Lobster salad was great as well.  One thing I also liked was their Kani Miso, yum.  Again, this place isn't cheap Sushi joint so be prepare.  Me and my wife spent about $340 including tips.  But no alcohol, just two bottles of sparkling water.    But next time I won't be ordering Sushi so that will save me at least $100 or so lol
5	Come on...it's right in the name...BOO YAH!!!
5	What a great spot! Amazing japanese cuisine and decor. Our server was great. We had him make a menu to share for the table, about $100 a person, so bring some $$ if u really want to enjoy this place for what it is, not a sushi bar! Dont understand some of the bad reviews on here. Those people must be doing vegas on a budget. Guess that explains the bachelorette's coments. :)  If so this is not your place. Try the Yellowtail sashimi w/ jalapeno, and the Kobe shortribs, you'll never forget em. be back soon!
4	Very pricey, but good food. I also appreciate that the teppanyaki is served with the meat course first, rather than filling you up on rice and veggies.I enjoyed the sashimi I had, especially the kanpachi. The chef was there to cook and not flip knives, just FYI.Service was okay; there seemed to be a few miscommunications at our table.A reservation for 5:30 when they opened was just enough time for us to finish up before the curtain for the first Ka performance of the evening.
4	What can I say about this place other than WOW!  I'm from New York but have lived in Las Vegas for the past 6 years and as a concierge at one of the premier hotels on the strip, I've been to just about every restaurant in town multiple times.  This was my second time to Shibuya and it was a very special occasion as it was my first anniversary with my girlfriend.  We both adore Japanese food the most out of any type of food so I figured it would be fitting for us to go here for our special day.  We started off with a round of cocktails, which they were VERY generous with the pour counts on the vodka (but then again, charging 10 dollars for a cocktail is close to club prices lol).  Then we had the lobster salad (a MUST) and the wagyu beef carpaccio for apps.  Both were to die for, but the lobster salad was simply amazing.  I've never experienced such rich flavors in a dish of that type and it was seriously amazing.  I would go back there just to have that dish by itself.   For entrees we had a Japanese-style filet and Kobe beef short ribs....both cooked to perfection, although the ribs came with fois gras and that was a little nasty but that's just how they are.  The only reason I'm giving 4 stars and not 5 was because of the service.  Our server seemed like he didn't want to be there and was super short with us.  I kept trying to make conversation as the last time I went there our server was so happy to tell me about the menu.  He knew I was a concierge in Vegas and had a "oh yea? that's cool i guess...." look on his face. Also, I informed the manager during my reservation call that it was our anniversary and he didn't make mention of it until the VERY end when our desserts were brought out.  Just a bit weird for a server who is serving a couple on their anniversary and ordering things off the menu without regard to price.  I hope he knows that his tip would've been at least double what he got if did his job properly.  Overall, amazing food!!!  I'm sure the server doesn't represent the entire restaurant but it kind of left a bad taste in my mouth. I'll still return in a few months time and give them another shot.
5	best sushi in vegas, great service
4	I have to give props to my friend for recommending this restaurant.  The majority of us tried the omakase menu and was surprised at the quality of fish.  Although I would consider the food Japanese fusion, they did not stray too far from the Japanese theme.  The three dishes that stood out was the hamachi trio; Chu Toro, Ginger Soy Sauce and Spiced Crunchy Garlic as part of the sashimi duo; and of course the foi gras as part of the Niku dish.  Unfortunately I can't remember the names of the sake we had, but I would definitely recommend that you try a few.  I can always appreciate good service.  For example, they provided us with a more expensive sake at a cheaper price just because they ran out of the one we requested.Overall, omakase is worth the $120 price tag.  Just don't be like the party next to us and overpay for california rolls....explore your palate....
3	3.5 stars While I thought the sushi was fresh and tasted good it wasn't even close to being the best I have had although it was priced for me to expect that. I  started with a sashimi salad that was good but did not warrant the $16 price tag. My favorite roll was the Rainbow - but three split down the middle with 3 girls and a salad  left me still quite hungry even though I wasn't even that hungry to begin with. I also had a raspberry mojito. Apparently they were out of blood orange so I asked for this to be made instead. They charged me $4 less which was fantastic (as the blood orange mojito is $15), it was by far the weakest drink I had in Vegas but it did taste good. Our server said mine was much better than the other variety on the menu - and that the oranges are often very dry, so I wouldn't waste your $15.  Service was fine - atmosphere was exceptional.
2	Out of 6 sushi places we tried in Las Vegas this ranked the lowest. We ordered several rolls and they all fell apart when we picked them up with chopsticks. Their signature roll was lame. Other rolls were not impressive. The sashimi was certainly fresh so no complaints there. If you want excellent sushi and want to pay less than at Nobu, try Little Buddha at the Palms.
1	A truly horrible experience and a complete waste of $100 pp. The problems begin quickly with rude unattentive service. Failure to bring drinks promptly, failure to bring extra plates, failure to even have chopsticks on the table, failure to bring prepared sushi on time. The food, the lobster miso, is frankly gross. The rolls small and outrageous prices even for Vegas and all of em fell apart as we tried to eat them.  I know MGM is hurting financially and have drastically even cut back comps to  a bare minimum, but come on $16-17 for a  sashmi salad? Their signature roll is horrible.  The saki prices though were avg for vegas, but you needed several bottles just to choke down the pork we ordered. Being a 20+ yr mlife member , I believe this is our most disappointing experience ever.
4	I've recently started to enjoy sushi within the past 2 years and Shibuya was one of my top 3 best places I've been to for sushi. Our server was so nice, food was super fresh and sooooo good!! Great cocktails and service.
4	We loved Shibuya's menu and extensive sake list. They obviously spend a lot of time fining the freshest best ingredients because my ahi was spectacular. We also shared the lobster salad which was equally as good. I highly recommend Shibuya for dinner if you're looking for excellent Japanese in Vegas.
3	Went here for a light bite before the iHeartradio Concert, and the food and sake were pretty good. We didn't get to order what we would of, it was a sponsored dinner. The price fixed meal included chicken terriyaki, scallops, kobe beef, sashimi and grilled veggies. All of the food was presented well and tasted good.
4	Fancy sushi isn't my usual go-to dinner option in Vegas; the priority is usually just to take in a number of calories sufficient to withstand what is sure to be a looooong night. However, I couldn't have been happier to stop in, sans reservation, before my husband and I ran off to the Bellagio for 'O'! And I literally mean that we stopped in on a Saturday night...we only had an hour before we had to be upstairs in our room, getting dressed, but saw open tables and decided to stop on whim.The restaurant is beautiful and classy and I felt underdressed in my jeans and flat-bottomed boots, though the hostesses surprisingly passed on a rather non-judgmental, friendly vibe. No foul; it IS Vegas after all, and anything goes!We weren't exactly ravenous but knew we needed to eat, so we ordered a small variety. We started with the edamame, which was good...warm and adequately salted. We then ordered one warm plate (Australian lobster and day boat scallop), one specialty roll (Shibuya roll), and one order of sashimi (kanpachi). The best item, hands down, was the lobster & scallop plate...absolutely delicious. The uni butter sauce was savory and full of flavor, and I loved the rice at the bottom of the bowl that had soaked up that yummy sauce. The veggies, lobster, and scallop were all tender and amazing as well. Complaints? Well, for $35 the plate was rather skimpy (pretty small bowl; just two scallops and a few chunks of lobster among the veggies and rice). With that said, it was enough for us since we'd eaten a pretty late lunch. The Shibuya roll was not the best roll I'd had in my life, but was still very tasty and fresh. And the kanpachi (YOUNG yellowtail) was a recommendation from our server; apparently youth gives you a buttery taste. Sooo good...melted in our mouths!I would definitely go back just for that damn uni butter sauce, despite the scant portion of that dish...though not if I were watching my dollars. Definitely a pricey experience, but a great one if you decide to fork up the money. Good service, good food, and the Vegas fine dining experience...pretty awesome.
3	The food is wonderful. It's beautifully presented and so delicious.  The service is impeccable.  But the quantity of food for the price is awful. My husband is 6'2" and my teenage son is getting there. It takes plate after expensive plate to fill up. And we aren't fat people. The bill for three was $190 with 2beers. And that was before the $40 tip. If you're hungry go somewhere else first
5	We first tried Shibuya about four years ago, had the chef's tasting menu and was blown away at the variety and complexity of the dishes. We talked about it so much that we figured we were just romanticising how good it was or how we wanted remember it.Last April we went back to prove to ourselves that it couldn't have been that good... and it was better. We had the chef's tasting again. The sushi, short ribs, tartar, everything was prepared and presented beautifully. Our server was very informative and attentive. Shibuya is one of our favorites.
5	This is a seriously beautifully decorated, oozing of a confident and visually stunning (yet subtle) interior piece of a restaurant. It looks better in person than in the pictures. Could have gone both ways - corny and tired a visual concept, or simply gorgeous. My judgment goes to the latter. The quality of materials used constructing this place is above and beyond , execution was everything. The ambiance is absolutely stunning. The service was impeccable, and I mean impeccable. The food was good. One of my favorites.
4	Okay this is going to be corny but Shabuya makes me want to say SHA BOOYA... This place was ridiculous. I think this is the fanciest sushi I have had in my life. It was amazing I as usual ordered the salmon sashimi which literally looked like it was picked from the ocean just for me. My friend ordered the tuna that literally melted in your mouth. The only thing we didn't like was that it was cut a bit too thin but the sauce was mouth watering. The service isn't too great, but when I went to the restroom I noticed they had teppan style seating as well. That I wouldn't mind trying next time I'm in town.
5	a little pricey, but soooooo good.  Great service, beautiful resteraunt!  shrimp tempera rolls are soooo good! Also, try the alpha sprouts.  I kid you not, our whole table was raving about them.  everything we ordered had a burst of flavor.  Mmmm...mmm...make reservations.
4	Order the Kobe Style Beef & Australian Wagyu Kobe Beef Tenderloin very tasty =) but the portions are very small. Had four orders of sushi rolls, half dozen Kumamoto Oysters and some other seafood dishes. Left with a big bill but was not totally full. =T
5	When you're in Vegas, you need to go big or go home.  Celebrating our friend's last weeks of freedom before the proverbial "ball and chain," we came to Shibuya for an evening of sake, food, and fun before hitting the clubs.  Our group (including my homeboy Bryant T. who also reviewed) decided on the omakase menu ($120), which came out to about a 9-course menu:- Started off with the amuse...a kushi oyster that I quickly slurpped up, knowing I was in for a treat.  - The hamachi trio followed, with different preparations of hamachi...I enjoyed the hamachi sashimi with garlic ginger and peppers.  - This was followed by 4 slices of fresh sashimi...the toro covered in spiced crunchy garlic was oishii (Japanese 101: oishii = delicious).  - We had ordered the wagyu beef tataki as an appetizer before the omakase menu, but it came with about 4 pieces of tataki; be sure to have a garlic chip with each piece.  - Up next, lobster tail and scallops in an uni sake butter sauce...for this dish, I wish I had bread to soak in the sauce because I felt a little awkward licking the bowl dry.  - The kobe short rib with foie gras came next...I enjoy anything foie gras, so it was no surprise I found this dish enjoyable.  The sauce that the beef was braised in was once again amazing, and my tongue once again found its way to the bottom of the dish.  - Now usually in Japanese culture, the meal starts with miso soup.  We're almost done with our meal and here they are bringing out this soup...with huge chunks of lobster and mini shiitake mushrooms.  In almost every spoonful, I found a nice piece of lobster.  While the soup itself wasn't anything special on it's own, with lobster, it was awesome.  - The chef selected 4 pieces of sushi; a salmon, ahi, and two others...I was already getting full by this point, so I didn't eat the rice and just had the sashimi pieces on top.- Last, but not least, the dessert tasting: A green tea mochi cream that was cut in half, a light chocolate cake topped with a lychee slice, and a raspberry-yuzu calpico pannacotta, which was a light and refreshing way to end the meal.  While what happens in Vegas should stay in Vegas, I had to share this experience.
4	Originally I was looking for a restaurant that served chicken katsu and I came across this restaurant even though they don't serve katsu here. It's pricey, but after having buffet food for the past couple of days, I was ready to try an actual restaurant. My sister and I arrived here about 15 minutes before the restaurant closed and we were still waiting for our parents to arrive. I liked how the server gave us a friendly warning that they would stop taking orders by 10:10PM since the kitchen was closing soon. Fair enough since you warned us. Luckily my parents arrived on time for them to order on their own. I wound up ordering a Pork Kurobuta Crisp along with a Crab Dynamite roll. Also ordered an Orange Mojito which was I liked because I could barely taste the alcohol. While I'm not a big fan of crab, it tasted very good. I think my highlight was the desert. I love the Calpico drink so I had to order the Calpico Pannacotta. It tasted just like a cheesecake version of the drink. Very yummy for me. I did feel under dressed with my SF Giants hoodie, but I saw another person there with a Giants sweatshirt too. The wait staff was friendly, asked us how we were doing, and always filled our glasses with water. I wasn't stuffed as I would be after a buffet, but pleasantly full.
5	So MANY months ago, we found a Yelp Special for Shibuya's Girl's Night Out.  It included a prixe fixe menu of sushi, chicken, tempura, & mai tai's then VIP passes to the clubs in the MGM Grand.So we booked it for a bachelorette party and this turned out to be the best idea ever. Prior to arrival, our bachelorette party point girl had to pre-order all of the food and sign a contract.  It was a bit confusing to go through, but in the end it worked out really well.  If you have a large group, I think this is the way to go. The sushi that was included were just your spicy tuna and California rolls, nothing too fancy just your basic beginner sushi. The shrimp tempura was excellent in aoili sauce. That was where I stopped because after that we had salmon, ssweet potato dumplings, chicken, and the best dessert EVER...fresh fruit and MOCHI!!! The Mai Tai's were amazing, I could drink those things all night. We had 11 ladies, and the cost for the whole package after all was said and done was about $600.  That included everything. Shibuya really made it easy for us to feed our bachelorette party.
4	Extremely fresh, flavorful, and pricey!  Top notch sushi that melts in your mouth.  Cute for a date spot with a dim, fancy ambiance.
3	Although this place is small when compared to other restaurant it seats everyone comfortably. The lightings and ambience is very nice. Sushi starters are delicious and there was only one chicken entree on the menu.
4	Came here based on a suggestion from a friend because it was her favorite Japanese place in Vegas, and frankly it didn't disappoint.The sashimi was ultra fresh and melt in your mouth... and holy sake menu! We tried a whole bunch of the different cold plates with different fishes and various combinations of caviar, ponzu sauce, truffle oils, jalapenos and the such.Decor was modern and chic as expected in fine dining in Vegas, our server was pretty knowledgeable about sake so that was a plus.
4	Shared the tasting menu which was a lot of food, and all of it great, although expensive.  If you're looking for authentic Japanese fare, this isn't the place for you.  But the flavor combinations worked if you're up for some experimenting.  Place was fun and festive and our well-behaved, Japanese food-loving kids (6 & 9) enjoyed it too.  Went at 6:30p which was perfect because it was busy but not full.  Service was very attentive even if his pronunciation of the Japanese menu was off.
4	Atmosphere was amazing in this restaurant. I love their lobster miso soup and sushi! They use fresh foods. Service was absolutely fantastic!
5	Black Cod was in another league of its own. Fresh, fast service and great atmosphere. Great job guys...!
4	Good Food, great atmosphere!!!  Service was exceptional and our party had a blast!!!
5	We got the tasting menu and the:EZI EBIAustralian Lobster Tail and Day Boat Scallops in Uni Sake Butter Saucewas unbelievably delicious.Please try this dish, if you love delicate richness. I dream of Uni Butter Sauce!!5 stars are for this dish alone!!!
5	Me and my boyfriend enjoyed an absolutely fabulous dinner at Shibuya for one of our evenings in Las Vegas. It stated out to being seated right when we walked up to the amazing waiter we had at our visit. The Ezi Ebe was an AMAZING dish. The best Sushi i have ever had. We both felt like a sushi night so we had a few different rolls and both enjoyed all of them. Go here if you want really great sushi for a fare price. Luckily my boyfriend loves to gamble and has an M life card so he was able to pay for half of our bill with his M life points!!
4	Best tepanyaki in Vegas. Better than Benihana & freaking love Benihana. Quality is excellent. Service is ok.prices are toooooo High. 300$ for 2?????Wow Thats a Lot of Money.  But it was Valentines Day. Loved everything.
5	We were in Vegas for a conference at the MGM Grand this past week and saw this place as we were going back and forth to the convention area. I yelped it and made a reservation for 6:45p Tuesday night. I was expecting good food, and we were momentarily speechless when we tasted our first dish (sooooo good)! We had the tuna sashimi, which had a black truffle soy vinaigrette (OMG!), salmon avocado roll (simple, but perfect), kanpachi sashimi with garlic and fresh yuzu juice (refreshingly citrus-y), and a few pieces of tamago (sweet egg sushi). Neither of us had ever had tuna sashimi like that, and it was definitely our favorite. I love tamago, so am very picky, and felt that this did not receive as much attention. It was ok, but the egg was closer to the rubbery, overcooked side. For those who don't know, it's a slice of scrambled sweet egg omelet on top of sushi rice, wrapped with a thin band of seaweed. I thought our server was great, and gave us just enough attention (not hovering over us), and did not rush us. Though, at the end, we had to wait for the bill. We also had drinks (a lycheetini and a raspberry something with yuzu) which were smooth and sweet. We shared a creme brulee duo for dessert, and I chose some sencha tea. The creme brulee was two small cups, with a plum version in one cup, and a caramel ginger one in the other, with these flat sesame crackers/cookies on top. It was beautifully presented (as was everything). I thought the ginger brulee was more interesting, with more depth, and the plum brulee was more like your standard creme brulee (could not actually taste the plum at all), but they were both tasty.Now, we had had a snack a little earlier in the afternoon, so were not super hungry when we got to Shibuya. This was probably a good thing, as we could have easily spent another $100 or so for the two of us. As it was, our bill was about $120 (not including tip), which we forked over happily. If I get there again, I would definitely try the lobster tail and scallops. Actually, everything we saw looked unique and tasty. If you're in the mood for sushi and sashimi and have a big wallet, I wouldn't hesitate to give this place a try. One caution: this place can get noisy when it fills up.
5	You know what?  This is the first sushi spot I've been to in Vegas but holy crap...there's no water around here but what awesome food these guys had!  There were three of us, so lots and lost of selection off the menu, and everything was great.The service was also very good.  He took care of us regularly, kept the wine and water glasses filled, and made sure we always had something to nibble on.I also felt the atmosphere was nice.  I know there's a lot of flash in this city, this one was very classy as well.  I was sceptical going in because I get the feeling, while wondering these hotels and casinos, that you are in a mall.  So it feels like a mall restaurant when you're walking buy.  Once inside, it didn't feel so much like a mall restaurant.I'm giving it 5 stars because I can't see a sushi restaurant getting a whole lot better, and to add to it was only about $300 for the three of us, (we eat and drink lots)....so very impressed, I had thought the bill would be $550 or so...
3	Getting a table on a Friday night was no problem. Had a Fuji apple martini and the California rolls. I'm used to California California rolls with imitation crab, these CA rolls had for realzies snow crab, with some spicy mayo, pretty darn good. I really like the look and atmosphere of this restaurant and our server was really attentive. The only reason I am not giving this restaurant a better rating is because after a $100 check for three people we left the restaurant still kind of hungry.
4	We had dinner here one evening as a company. They accommodated a group of about 16 with very short notice, and the staff was very quick and attentive. I had the peach cocktail which was really good, and a spicy tuna roll, which was one of the best quality I've had. Our table also shared the dessert sampler, of which I really enjoyed the Calpico Pannacotta. We also had a taste of the Tiramisu dessert the other table got, which was interesting, but tasty. Hopefully we go when we come back in two weeks :) I'd like to try some of their signature rolls.
4	We had dinner here for my bachelorette party.  We made reservations during the day for a party of 8, and when we arrived they seated us quickly.  The sushi rolls were priced very reasonable, but other menu options are $$$$.The service was great and speedy.  The sushi I ordered was yummy. And they even gave me a "congratulations" dessert: lychee mochi ice cream and a chocolate coconut mochi ice cream
4	Sha Booooo Ya!  Good sushi, good saki, good people.
5	The food and ambience were terrific!  The prices were a bit high, but to be expected for Las Vegas strip for a trendy restaurant.  I would definitely recommend anyone that likes Japanese food to give this place a go!
4	This modern sushi bar is nearly on par with the best Orange County can offer (Fukada in Irvine).  Thier selection, small a litle overpriced.  The sushi menu only about 10 items same for tempura.  The tiger roll I ordered was great unique presentation with tuna on top.  The tempura combo shrimp and vegi was awesome other diners asked me what I ordered.  I cleaned my plate and my wife's of chicken.   I enjoyed a Kirren light from the very large beer/sake/drink menu.  I like the sushi bar in the Orleans Hotel better (Miyako) and Fukada in Irvine is better.
4	Dinner for two April 19th, 2012.    Interior design is pretty hip.    The service is not so great, there are unseasoned waiters there.    Host and escort to table were lots of fun.first course:   Yellow fin sashimi  - large thin cuts of tuna with grape tomatoes.  There was a light marinade - exquisite.Fried shrimp  with a pepper aioli.   It was good but there are more exciting options on the menu.Spider roll -  it was good.  Crunchy tempura crab inside, rice on the outside covered with tuna.    The best item of my order was the  lobster with day boat scallops.  delivered in a deep dish with risotto covered in the lobster/scallop reduction.    For dessert,   we had the mango carpaccio with cubes of soft coconut meat and some spices.  There was a ball of ice cream with gold dust in the center of the plate.A magnificent meal.   The waiter lacked skills.
1	Pass on this one!We went to Shibuya for a friend's birthday for Tepannyaki.  The chef did not know what he was doing, served the main course then the rice then the veggies.  He over-salted the meat, and had no interaction with us other than confirming our order.  He was boring.  Part of the Tepannyaki experience is the enertainment and knife skills of the chef.  This guy had none of that.  Plus, it was horribly overpriced--$100 for 2 chicken breasts that really ahd no special preparation. Waiter service was average at best.  Benihana would have been better.
1	Don't waste your money on the teppenyaki. We had dinner here to celebrate a friend's birthday. It was the worst (and most ridiculously overpriced) hibachi experience I've ever had.I got the chicken, which consisted of 2 chicken breasts. It came with grilled veges and rice for a whopping $49! I opted for the fried rice for an additional $8. The chicken and the veges were simply that. Chicken and veges. Absolutely nothing special. The $8 fried rice was dry and lacked much flavor. I only ate about 3 bites of it. Our chef had no idea what he was doing and was absolutely unentertaining, which is part of the reason you have hibachi.The gratuity was added to our bill. The total bill for 7 of us was $921. No one in our group was happy with their meal.There was 1 positive note about the meal, which included dessert. The desserts were amazing, which was such a sharp contrast to every other part of the meal. I felt like we had eaten dinner at Taco Bell and then gone to a 5 star restaurant for dessert.I can only imagine how much the meal would have been if we had decided on sushi instead of the teppanyaki.
5	One of the best Japanese meals I've ever had - absolutely delicious, the service was exceptional and great atmosphere. Treat yourself and get the angus steak with the porcini mushrooms - I can't stop thinking about them! My highlight of Vegas for sure.
5	Some of the best sushi I've ever had. The Yellowtail Sashimi was incredible. The Rainbow Roll and Tuna Roll we're so so sooooo fresh. I'm not a big cocktail drinker, but I am SO glad I got the Blood Orange Mojito. A little bit pricey, but it is to be expected.
4	My husband and I came here for a bite after some gambling. The decor and atmosphere is very hip, sexy, and sophisticated. We shared the oyster tasting, sashimi salad, spider roll, and dragon roll. My first impression when our food arrived was how tiny the portions were for the price tag. Fortunately, the food was pretty amazing and the seafood was incredibly fresh...sashimi heaven! I really want to come back for the lobster sashimi served three ways...we heard from a friend that it is mind-blowingly good.
1	absolutely nothing special.  Overpriced basic sushi.  Don't believe the hype.  There are plenty of other ways to lose money in vegas...
5	The tasting menu is a must. make a reservation. I recommend the early seating. The place gets packed and dosnt stop until closing.
4	absolutely delicious sushi and incredible atmosphere!  great place to dine.
3	I like this place. Nice vibe....yada yada..Idk exactly what I had but everything was good. Dessert was delish(don't remember that either but if you fish through the pictures and find my name that's what I'm referring to).
4	uni, blue fun tuna, seaweed salad tasting, wine, black cod, ....YUUUUUUUM!!
2	We arrived at 9pm and the restaurant closes at 10pm.  They seated us and we had a party of 7 people.  We ordered a variety of different things.  The food was not good, edible, but not good and considering the price that I was paying,  so not worth it.  I will not be returning.
5	Not much to say here but amazing!!!! I visit here every time I'm in vegas
5	Absolutely the best Sushi experience you can have with wonderful taste's and excellent service. Yes it's expensive, but it's absolutely worth it.
5	Shibuya, where have you been my whole life!!!!!!!!!!!The last leg of my Vegas trip with my mom and we were in the mood for sushi. Nobu seemed like the obvious choice at first for expensive and great sushi, but quite frankly the strip had dominated my physical abilities. The heat and just everything. Considering we had already made our way over to the MGM for the David Copperfield show it seemed to make sense to give this place a shot due to proximity and conveniency. Low-and-behold we could never imagined what we were in-store for.I ordered two pieces of uni (Sea Urchin) and two pieces of Ikura (Salmon Roe). Both tasted fresh, salty and amazing!Next was onto my first roll, the Haku Ryu. It was a delectable treat of Cucumber, White and Green Asparagus Inside Topped with Torched Anago, Brie Cheese and Eel Sauce. To say the least it melted in my mouth. The brie was such a unique addition. With my belly ALMOST full, I decided it was too good so far and wasn't time to quit. Next up was the Mifune or Spider Roll. Now let's just say I've had my share of spider rolls, but this one would take 1st prize at any spider roll competition across the USA!!!!!!A simple concoction of Soft Shell Crab, Tobiko, Scallion, Daikon. The ingrediants came together with precision.Last was the KINACO TIRAMISU. A combination of Espresso Coffee, Kuromitsu Syrup, Kinaco Ice Cream, and Cappuccino Foam. This was literally to die for.All in all 5 stars across the board. The service was superb, the ambiance was creative and the food was spectacular. My next trip to Vegas will require a night of sushi back at Shibuya!!!!
5	This was a treat. The $$$$ is very misleading. Not all that expensive. The roles and nigiri were very reasonable and quite tasty too. Everything ordered was great and the service we had was very helpful and friendly. The only bad thing I has was the 'basic' green tea maybe I should have opted for the 'premium' they had. I could not remember what type it was all I heard was that word and did not feel like spending a mint on tea. There were some more high priced items on the menu but it was large portions and really compared to the other places nearby was reasonable. Good eats always a favorite of mine udon was very good.
5	I'll be brief; get the tuna sashimi with the black truffle oil. Simply put, it's the best fish item I've ever eaten.
5	Great sushi. Lots of small plates both hot and cold. Get the agonies roll
4	Great sushi. Lots of small plates both hot and cold. Get the Shibuya roll.
4	We were staying at another hotel and I asked for a nice Japanese teppanyaki recommendation.  We wanted to take 2 kids & 4 adults out for dinner...this was where they sent us.  The food was good...loved the sushi, loved the cocktails _ I had a sparkling saki with cucumber & cranberry- very refreshing and summery....(2 adult beverages... not 2 each ) and my hubby & brother loved the beer (2 beers...also not 2 each).  We all  loved the food. ..however I did feel that over $800 for dinner was a bit more than a treat....especially since we had 2 kids with us.    The service was very good, the teppanyaki chef was just ok as far as being entertaining, the food was tasty & the portions generous....may be too much so as taking food home when you are on vacation seldom works out because you don't have a way to store or heat it up later.  Hubby had the lobster & striploin...he loved it; I had the scallops and crab legs, which were very yummy, my brother had the swordfish & striploin, he especially love the striploin, sis in law had crab legs, and my neices had a combo of striploin, chicken & shrimp...all of which were great.  The fried rice upcharges were quite high, $20 for meat, and $14 for any other fried rice.  On the upside deserrt was included in our tab...we had a trio of treats...the dessert was ok...but not liked by the kids as they were contained very strong raspberry, and dark chocolate adult type flavors.    We had so much left over food that had to be left behind as we were staying at a hotel not a time share with a kitchenette.  The food was excellent but in my humble opinion I have had almost as good at many a small establishment closer to home for less than half the price.  Not sure I'll go back, even though the food was excellent I still I found this place overpriced ...and yes I am use to Vegas prices.
4	Excellent service, great Sake selections, and delicious rolls!
4	We stopped in for a quick bite to eat before friends arrived in Vegas.  We opted to eat light because we didn't know if we would be heading back out with friends for dinner.   We shared the Spicy Scallop Roll and the Ryu (Eel, cucumber, Mango and avocado).   The scallop roll, while it said spicy, didn't have much of a kick but it was simple and had a fresh taste. The Ryu had many flavors swirling around and they worked very well! The salty eel sauce, the cool sweet of the mango and who doesn't love avocado?  I though both rolls were complimentary to each other and made for a great snack.I LOVED my Blood Orange Moijito... LOVED.  You still tasted the mint and lime but the hint of orange snuck in.  I could have drank them all night (but not at the Vegas drink prices).  My friend ordered a drink (can't remember the name) but it has plum wine, champagne (prosecco?) and a peach puree.  It was FAR to sweet for both of us.  Usually I love peach flavors, but this particular drink was all about the sweet peach flavor.Our time in Vegas was short and I wish that we could have gone back for dinner to sample the Nigiri and warm plates.
5	I don't claim to be an expert on seafood, but I will tell you that Shibuya does a fantastic job in terms of freshness, creativity and flavor. Hubby and I did a tasting here for our 9 year anniversary last weekend. Yes, we are setting OC records for length of marriage ;)We opted for the Omakase. For $120 pp, I felt it was reasonable in the sense that it's Vegas (there's always a markup) as well as recently doing an Omakase in a traditional Japanese restaurant in Honolulu for about the same amount of money. Our request for a corner table was honored. For 8:45 on a Thursday night, the restaurant wasn't packed. I felt like we had some privacy while still having a good view of the rest of the restaurant. The menu sounded delicious and well balanced. I'm not sure if it's traditional or not but I like to start with raw and end with raw. The oyster with apple at the start is the perfect palate opener. The hamachi sashimi is fresh and vibrant. The hot dishes were the perfect amount of food. The sushi at the end was amazing. Two things: I felt like there was a dish missing somewhere. I think a hot fish (not crustacean) dish somewhere in between would accent the menu perfectly. Miso glazed black cod? That would work. Secondly, the dessert could have been a little more substantial. Not heavy or elaborate, but I feel as though there was something missing - maybe it should have been a two parter? Dessert and then ice cream? The pacing was perfect. The service was spot on. The ambiance of the restaurant is hip and cool without being "in-your-face". We had a lovely rose Champagne and stuck with that the entire meal because it accented everything perfectly. Overall, I'd overwhelmingly recommend Shibuya. Maybe not the next time, but in the future I see myself revisiting their menu!
4	We had quite a lovely meal at Shibuya last weekend, even though it was pretty price (3 girls for $120 total)...but hey, it's vegas!The drinks were delicious and the sushi was fresh and delightful. Service was absolutely wonderful and the restaurant is beautiful...you even can forget you're in the hallway area of the MGM grand. I recommend coming here to fill out before heading out for a crazy night on the strip :]
5	SIGNATURE DISHES:- Kampachi Sashimi (10/10)- Kani Salad- Braised Kobe Beef Short Rib & Seared Foie Gras- Lobster & ScallopBUZZ- Omakase (Prefixe Menu)I ALSO TRIEDMaki (10/10)Oh Toro Sashimi (10/10)I don't go to a lot of sushi joints anymore, now that I'm back living in the suburbs. So, I'll admit, my sushi palette is not as sophisticated as it used to. Lately, sushi for me has been more of a craving, and almost any place will do - hell, if Todai was still around, I'd be ok.So, I got the responsibility of picking the dinner this evening with one condition - Sushi. Having not done any research before we came, this was a difficult task. I typed Sushi in my trusty dusty Yelp app, and looked for the place with most reviews and highest stars. Shibuya came up (although there's another place in the Wynn that looked amazing), so I OpenTable'd it and here we are. I frantically read through dozens of Yelp reviews trying to get recommendations, and I have to say, it was a most pleasing experience!KAMPACHI SASHIMIThis is very very thinly sliced tuna sashimi with Yuzu Juice and black truffle oil. What the hell is Yuzu juice and black truffle oil? I have no clue (see what I mean by "not sophisticated anymore?")! There was something of a sesame oil taste + ginger/garlic, and something sweet. The pieces were probably about a millimeter thick, if even that, so your chopstick work better be good. There are also what we mused "balls o' fun" on top which are these tiny ricecake balls, about the size of mustard seeds sprinkled on top that added a nice crackle with each bite. This thing was freaking incredible! The tuna was so fresh (not fishy) and the flavors and seasoning were just spot on. It was a little sweet, salty, and the texture of the sashimi was divine. I'm won't say it's "melt in your mouth," because I'm saving that description for later... I swear, if I could have a small bowl of rice, and about 12 orders of these, I'd be in heaven! ROLLSOur table of 4 got 5 rolls, but I don't remember what we got. Here is what I do know and remember, it was technically perfect! Maki to me needs to have the following things for technical perfection:- Rice should be a very thin layer just to hold it together. Sushi to rice ratio must be heavily on the sushi side.- Rice needs to be fresh (not hard), and have a noticeable but not overbearing hint of vinegar.- Sushi must be central to the roll. Avocado can't be bigger than sushi, etc.So yeah, they were all technically perfect. OH TORO SUSHII was feeling very charitable (you know, Las Vegas + 1 Sapporo Beer), so I offered to buy a piece of Oh Toro Nigiri for everyone. Other nigiris listed were like $20 for 2 pieces, so I was thinking, $40 total, no problem. Well, Oh Toro was market price and MP that day was $40, and suddenly, my wallet felt cavernous and empty. Well, I asked if I could order 1, but if they could split the 2 nigiris into 4 pieces, which they very kindly obliged. Quick lesson: The term "Toro Sushi" is for the fatty part of the tuna in the belly area. What I didn't know was that there is Chutoro, and Otoro. Chutoro is the leaner side of the belly meat, where Otoro is the fattiest portion, sometimes known to literally melt in your mouth!Well, that last part - is true! I bit half of it off without any rice or soysauce/wasabi, just to get the full effect. While I can't say much for flavor or seasoning, the texture was unbelievable! I mean, it literally melted in my mouth, or I'm sure it would have if I didn't start chewing...with the roof of my mouth and my tongue! It was so soft and buttery! The last bite I took with rice and soysauce, and again the texture was great, but it almost transformed the flavor! It wasn't just Otoro + rice & soysauce, it was some sort of new taste that was selectively pieced together. If I was a billionaire, yes, I'd eat this stuff everyday.........then get fat and die of heart disease. SHI BOO YAHH!I absolutely loved this experience. Everything was so delicious, and this was probably the best sushi I've had. I'm sure there are plenty others in the world that are better, but as far as I know now. This is sushi heaven!
5	The ambiance and lighting was beautiful. Very romantic and dressy feeling ambiance. Very creative, my boyfriend and I came here and ordered a tuna tar tar and we were both surprised to see a fish swimming in the bowl. Must say presentation was quite amazing. Had this sashimi plate with crisp onions on top and it was so tasty. The desert trio was good except one, which was some green tea mochi. It is very pricey but I think it's well worth the experience and you won't be sorry! I highly recommend this place if your ever down in Vegas.
1	High priced and the Teppanyaki was a major disappointment.  Food was just ok and the Chef was boring.   I have eaten at many of this type rest. with this one being the worst.
2	Coming with high sushi expectations after reading the reviews and seeing the menu, our dinner was pretty mediocre. Don't get their specialty cocktails unless you love sugar, they are all very sweet. I had the champagne rose and it was undrinkable, even after the ice melted. For food, we got tuna tartare that was extremely salty. Kobe beef short ribs with foie gras - it was actually just the meat, no ribs and the highlight of the savory part of dinner. We also got 2 rolls, nothing memorable there. I've had better rolls from sushi boats on Geary for $3. The dessert was a welcome lift in taste - their tiramisu with cappuccino foam was tasty!The service was nice and our waiter expressed concern about our "okay" dining experience. The restaurant itself is trendy but noisy.
3	wow. the yelp reservation works! good thing too because we were out with clients and they were quite impressed that I had the pull to get a reservation with 2 hours notice. Now I'm not sure if it was because I was distracted with clients and business but I felt that the food was quite lackluster. Nothing had much pow when it comes to flavor. The only item that I really liked was the sashimi with the fried onions. The decor was jaw dropping and the sake menu was extensive.It served it's purpose perfectly however I don't think I'll be returning. With so much food competition in Las Vegas I'm positive there's a better sushi spot for a better price.
4	This place has such a great range of high-quality dishes to choose from. Our waiter was awesome in being able to recommend a good variety of foods to satisfy our large group of 13 people, with many individuals having little to no experience with Japanese cuisine.Standouts: the uni was incredibly fresh and the yellowtail sashimi app was super bright and deliciously acidic. Had a nice Orion beer from Okinawa--easy to pair, easy to drink (compared to others in this style).Definitely worth coming back to on the next visit to the Vegas Strip.
5	Wow is all I can say about this place. I read some reviews and was a bit skeptical. Our party decided to order the omakese menu.  Every single item was just amazing. I've been to many sushi places. I guess I can call myself a sushi snob, but I've never been wowed for sushi like I was at Shibuya. Our whole party was still talking about our dinner on our way back home to LA.  Besides the food and great ambiance, our server really made our experience over the top.  In the beginning the restaurant was full due to the iheart radio concert. We were ignored for 15 min but our server apologized and the whole night took off.  He recommended a great beer and awesome sake/wine.  I've never had wagyu beef prepared raw, so was a little bit afraid. But wow, they have really changed my view. I'm now a fan.   Attention everyone who loves and appreciates good sashimi. Not rolls, but fresh sashimi.  Check this place out! You wont regret.
3	I love sushi!  This was our arrival dinner to celebrate my girlfriends bachelorette weekend.  We started with some miso, shared 5 specialty sushi rolls, cold tofu, and tuna carppacio.  The presentation was beautiful and all the fish were fresh and tasty.  My favorite was the delicious tuna cappacio.  It was perfect.  However, I just wasn't "wowed".  I just thought for what we paid, I could find something similar back home.  It wasn't spectaular.  It was just okay.   I thought ambiance was beautiful and chic.  Our service was good but our waiter gave off the impression that he was too busy for us.  I felt a little rushed.  Would I come back?  Eh... there's just other sushi places..
1	Had a horrible experience here with a group of 9 people. The waiter mistakenly added a roll that we did not order. We let him know that we did not request that item and he indicated that it would be no problem. At the end of the night we were surprised to find the roll still present on our bill (of over $300). We were even more surprised when the manager refused to remove the item from our bill. Furthermore, the manager would not even come out and speak with us about the decision or offer an apology. We were very disappointed by the service, and we would not recommend this establishment based on how we were treated.
3	Beautiful place, great sake menu, great service (gentleman with the name Prince), great looking menu items.  Food was okay. Seaweed tasting was interesting.  Uni nigiri was good.  Tempura rock shrimp, so-so.  Black cod was well prepared and tasty.  Specialty rolls were not spectacular. Tuna sashimi appetizer didn't wow.  Oyster tasting was especially good, although very small oysters (4).  Eclectic choices by four diners; two of which were sushi aficionados.  I did not think the prices were out of line for Vegas and venue.
4	Top notch sushi resto in Vegas!
5	Love this place!!!  I knew I wanted to come here after reading the reviews and it being inside the hotel we were staying. I made rsvps that day through OpenTable and it was a breeze!  So we take the elevator and walk over to the place and boy was it a simple walk to this place, especially for MGM being such a large property. Came to the hostess desk and waited 5 minutes to be seated.   We sat down and I immediately enjoyed the ambiance and feel of the place. Truman, our waiter was one of the best servers I've ever had! He was so nice and on point! We started with a bottle of sake and a mix drink.  The PIC and I scaled the menu and wanted to keep it light since he wanted to have the second half of our dinner somewhere else LOL. So we ordered the Hamachi jalapeno sashimi dish. That was deeeeelish! Very fresh fish and buttery! The main course we ordered was the short ribs with foie gras. OMG this dish was the best dish I ever had in 2012 so far! I could eat two of those! The short ribs were beyond moist and melt in your mouth. The foie gras, melted in my mouth! The whole dish was was tasty. The brown gravy they topped it with was like crack. I could eat a bowl of that brown sauce!  I miss that dish so bad! Especially since we can't dine on foie gras in Cali anymore :( For dessert, they gave me mochi for my Bday :) I will come  here EVERYTIME im in Vegas!!!!
5	The best sushi I had in Vegas definitely a five star experience for Vegas
5	OK, its taken me a while to write this review, so I'm going on memory but this place was a stand out.  The service was great.  They were attentive but never rushed us, and everything came out perfectly timed.To start we ordered the shishito peppers and the hamachi jalapeno.  The fish was incredibly fresh and the flavors well balanced.  I've had shishito peppers before and they have always been pretty mild.  This order had some real kickers in there.  It was fantastic and we kept the peppers at the table all through out dinner.  We decided to share a warm plate and ordered the wagyu striploin.  I could have gotten a second order if we weren't also planning on ordering sushi.  The meat was just outstanding, the ponzu mustard sauce was a perfect accompaniment, and the mushrooms could have been a plate on their own.  It's been a couple of months since I had dinner here and I still think about this dish.  For our sushi order we did our usual, spicy tuna roll, white tuna, salmon, mackerel, and tamago.  Tamago is always like dessert for me.  The sushi was excellent.  Fresh, perfect portion of rice to fish, and balanced flavors.  The one thing that I would take away from here is don't stick with the sushi you normally order at your local place.  I would say it is better to try items that you normally don't have available at home.  Mix it up a bit.
4	They were so nice and attentive and even bought us dessert after a little snafu that was obviously not their fault. Food an service was amazing
5	We came here last week for dinner.  We were seated immediately and everyone was polite and friendly.Our waiter, Aries was great!  He was helpful and very attentive.  He made our dinner experience at Shibuya extra special.We ordered...3 glasses of Choya (plum wine) - Perfection!Lobster Salad - OMG!!! SOOO GOOD!  Bunch of fresh lobster pieces.Tuna Tartar - Best tartar ever!!!Poke Roll - Delicious!Although we didn't order too much, the portions were big and we got full before we finished the Poke Roll.This is an excellent restaurant inside MGM on the strip.  Everything is fresh and the service is incredible.  I love the modern decor and the soft lighting.  It's perfect for dates, there are large tables for groups and a huge bar for those eating alone (or who enjoys sitting at the sushi bar).We will be back for sure!
4	Great nigiri but not so great rolls. I would have given 5 stars if I had just nigiri. Try the tuna. Best tuna i've ever had
2	During a recent girl's trip, We all agreed to try this place out for the amazing sushi/Japanese food it offered. We all walked away poorer and still kind of hungry. Although they recommend going family style, our budgets weren't quite ready for that and maybe that was our mistake. I had a Momo cocktail, which was absolutely delicious, and I wish it wasn't served in a flute because there needed to be like 3x as more of it. But I had their version of a rainbow roll and their rock shrimp udon, both were really good, but not worth the 22 and 13 dollar price tags. I'm used to getting a ginormous bowl of udon or pho for maybe 10? This came in a miso soup bowl with two shrimp. My overall impression was it was fine; none of us were disappointed in anything except the bill. If you have gotten really lucky in the casino, and have money to burn I'd go elsewhere, in a land of foodies and amazing restaurants being expensive and average shouldn't be allowed.
5	Shibuya's vegetarian tasting menu is among the best, healthiest and most affordable ($55 per person, six courses) of the fine vegetarian cuisines in Las Vegas.  Tonight the two of us selected different dishes for 4 of the 6 courses and shared them.   The other 2 courses (edamame and sushi) were the same for each person.  Portions were generous, so it seemed like ten-dish menu.Five stars for balance of taste, variety and freshness of ingredients, actual choices on the menu, preparation and presentation.  Seaweed salad tasting was especially good : 4 different types beautifully presented on a bed of sand and sea shells.  Whatever you do, don't miss this desert : jasmine anmitsu, and be ready with your camera.  We booked early, and received excellent service from the friendly and helpful wait staff.
5	This was our second time eating here.  Previously we came here with friends and our whole table was raving about this food. We ordered shrimp tempura rolls, cucumber rolls and spicy tuna rolls.  We also ordered a lobster dish.  Very flavorful.  Food was excellent.  It's hard to eat anywhere else after eating here.  The space is clean, service is excellent, decor is beautiful.  We will definitely eat here again.You may want to make reservations.
4	Went this last Friday night (weekend before New Year's Eve) and even though there were 8 of us, we got seated right away.  The server was perfectly nice, but seemed very distracted.  He gave us our menus, and then when he came back, instead of asking what we wanted to drink, he took the food order from our friend, who we had designated to order all the sushi for us,and then took all the menus including our drink menu.  I know it can be difficult to try to get people to focus in such a big group as everyone is talking to each other, but as a server in a nice restaurant, you should be a pro at that.  We waited and chatted with each other for 10 minutes when I finally said, man, I need a DRINK, where is our waiter?!  We waved him down and my friend and I told him we'd like to order drinks.  He took our order and started walking away!!  The rest of our table was like, UH SIR!  Can the rest of us order drinks as well?!?  He apologized and took their order, but I found that to be so strange.Our sushi came and I everything was delicious.  It was just various rolls from the classic rolls section.  Also, my dirty martini was delicious.The server came back and asked if we wanted dessert and we said no, then he brought us our check, but again, he never asked if we wanted more drinks.  Maybe he wanted to turn the table over?  Who knows, it was just weird.  Other than that, everything was great!
5	I have eaten here several time, at least once a month. This is by far my favorite sushi restaurant in Vegas. Fish is always fresh, service is on the spot. Here are some key dishes that we always order (aside from sushi) when coming to Shibuya.Kani Miso SoupOyster TastingYellowtail SashimiMaine Lobster SaladBraised Kobe Style Short Ribs & Seared Foie Gras*Kobe Beef Fried Rice (This is a special request that they have to make over at the Teppan side. Not always gauranteed)The Kobe Beef Fried Rice is a must. Though it is pricey, around $19 per small bowl.
4	As conveniently located in Las Vegas' MGM Grand as the real life Shibuya district is to Tokyo, this place surprised me immensely--we had a very strong, authentic meal at the sushi bar that would rival any sushi bar nationally, if not in Shibuya itself. Standouts included a superb big eye tuna which was so fresh we needed to order a second helping, a "tiny and shiny" Japanese Mackerel fish, a terrific hot scallop special, and great Sapporo draft beer on tap, too. A true find in the MGM, Shibuya is the real deal.
2	For their price point, the quality of the food and service do not deserve more than two and a half stars.  The sushi is OK, but there isn't the "wow" factor that one would expect for a high-end restaurant.  My companion and I were sitting at the sushi bar.  It appears that the sushi chefs at the bar split their duties and were only making specific types of sushis (the chef in front of us kept making rolls with tempura in the core). Part of the experience at a high-end sushi bar should be the chef serving the customers at the bar by pacing their progress and putting sushis on their plates at appropriate time.  If the restaurant were 30% cheaper, I would give another star.
3	We ordered omakase tasting menu n udon n tamago for my kid. The sushi ( nigri) didn't taste that fresh it was average taste other than that everything was good.seem like for the money I would like the sushi to be really fresh!
4	This place was recommended from somewhere online - an article was written about how, you could eat at this place for real 100% Kobe beef.  So we immediately made a reservation while we were still in Las Vegas.We were seated immediately and the place has a nice, quiet ambiance.  While perusing the menu, we noticed we couldn't find the information about the Kobe beef. They had Australian Wagyu, but no Japanese Kobe beef.We asked the waiter and he said that the Kobe beef was $290 (I suppose the article was old?  At the time, the article mentioned you could eat 100% Kobe beef with foie gras for $50.)So we ended up getting the following:- braised kobe style short ribs & seared foie gras- Australian Wagyu (A4)- the chef recommendation for gyoza (australian wagyu with seared foie gras)- creme brulee (plum and cinnamon)- panna cottaI loved my Wagyu with ponzu sauce, even more than the one cooked at CUT.  It was so tender and practically melted in my mouth.  The foie gras here is amazing, but I have mixed feelings about whether or not I'd eat it again... I mean really, they over feed an animal just to kill it for its liver.The gyoza is the best gyoza I'll ever eat, I'm sure (you should definitely try it, if they have it available on the menu.  It was about $25 for 5 pieces)The creme brulee came in two separate tins - I loved the plum more than the cinnamon.The panna cotta was a bit to sweet for me, but the macaroons that it came with was amazing.  Overall, the food cooked here is superb, but the waiters are not as attentive as I would like.
3	Probably deserves more of a 3.5 rating. The food was generally really good but because of my fabulous steak dinner at the palms the night before I wasn't as impressed as I should have been. The sushi was tasty but not the best I've had (especially at this price range). My favorite thing was the udon soup which was subtly flavorful but considering how many other things we ordered - this shouldn't be my favorite dish of the night.A beautiful restaurant but the service was a bit slow for us and despite having over 2 hours to dine there we ended up rushing our meal and skipping ordering further and jumping to the McDonalds to fill us up pre-Vegas drinking.
5	My wife and I decided to eat here since we had a food voucher for MGM Grand restaurants. We had never heard of this place but decided to check it out since the menu looked good.We showed up around 5pm on Saturday for dinner with no reservations and were seated in less than a minute.As an appetizer, we ordered a Scallop Roll and it was sooo fresh and tasty. As sushi connoisseurs, we absolutely loved it!For dinner my wife had Udon Noodle soup and we both agreed it was delicious! I had Gyu Don, a braised short rib dish served over noodles and splashed with sauce. The meat was very tender and as simple as the dish looked, it had a very nice balance of flavor! I would recommend it!The server was attentive enough, but we felt as if they were short staffed based on how many people there were and how often we saw him. On the flip side, he was very knowledgable with every item on the menu.Overall, I would recommend the sushi over everything else. Its more affordable and made fresh when you order!
4	Shibuya comes highly rated. Conveniently located in the restaurant corridor of the MGM Grand, next to Craft Steak, it's a wonderful place to enjoy Japanese cuisine. Being the week of CES made it very difficult to get a reservation, but we were able to book via OpenTable since they insisted that they were full when we called directly.Upon arrival, we had to wait about 10 minutes while our table was being prepared. As other folks walked up to the hostess stand, they were kindly turned away saying the house was full and that nothing was available. This place must really be fantastic if they're going to turn people away like that...We ordered the Chef's Special sushi platter, which came with 25 pcs of assorted sashimi. The quality of the fish was decent for a desert locale; I wondered how/when they manage to get their fish, being so far from the fish markets. There are better places here in LA, but for Vegas, definitely acceptable.In addition to the sushi, we had the waygu striploin for a taste of beef. The meat came sliced and was garnished with crispy onion strings, accompanied by shimeji and maitake mushrooms. While it was good on its own, I couldn't resist getting a bowl of white rice to have with it.For dessert, we had the Kinaco Tiramisu, an interesting take on tiramisu which is prepared with espresso coffee, kuromitsu syrup, kinaco ice cream, and topped with cappuccino foam. The foam doesn't do much for me and I was expecting more from the dessert since you're supposed to have some mascarpone and lady fingers, some density to the dessert. This was just glorified ice cream.It'll probably be a while until I return to Shibuya, only because there is so much other food to enjoy in Vegas.
5	Wow. I really dont know what to say. I just want to start off by saying I'm an extremely picky eater because of my allergies but I completely threw everything out the window tonight. We went in a large group and had the chef's special. It was a LOT of food, so I'll just list them with comments. Rock Shrimp: I'm allergic to shellfish but I didn't care, I ate 1/2 the plateWaygu slices: It's A4 I believe and everything I expected good beef to tasteFatty Yellowtail: I dont know what sauce they used but this was amazingFoie Gras & Kobe Dumplings: As usual nothing but good things. Sea Bass: Soft like butter and extremely flavorfulFried Pork dish: I forget what this was called but it was pork that was wrapped in dough. I dont know if I like the sauce more than this dish but I essentially used the sauce for everything else I ate that night. Steak with truffle sauce: Compared to everything else this was good but not as good as what I've had so farSushi Platter: Uni was one of the best, Toro was ok, Yellowtail, Tuna and Salmon was good. Dessert:Mochi: They have unique flavors and I eventually bought a box from their distributor and it wasn't cheap.Green Tea Cake: So freaking good2 Different Creme Brulees: As I said before. SO FREAKING GOOD.Chocolate cake: this was only okI'm sorry that this wasn't as detailed but I really didn't have any bad dishes. Everything was perfect and the service was just wonderful. People were super friendly and attentive. If this place wasn't so expensive I would eat here everyday. Also I think there was a celebrity sighting that night as well.
5	The food here speaks for itself.  Definitely the best sushi house in Las Vegas (Social House is still close second)!  Friendly, attentive and knowledgeable servers, nice decor, relaxed but not pretentious.Got the omakase and a couple of sushi rolls.  All the fish we tasted was melt-in-your-mouth yummy, especially the yellowtail.  The braised short ribs was really good and the lobster in uni sauce and butter was tasty.  Tried the shibuya roll and it was gone in less than a minute.Highly recommend this restaurant.  Worth the splurge.
4	Great decor and food was extremely tasty! Great service.
3	This is the budget breaker type of restaurant. First class service, food quality far above any other sushi restaurant and the obnoxious pricing to go with it. To leave there with a little buzz on and our stomachs not satisfied nor full, we spent just under $180 for two people. The chefs are very traditional and slightly pretentious with little to no conversation to the patrons. The wait staff is very attentive and helpful. Perfect service and accommodation. I would have given this place 5 stars all day long if the prices were more in line with what they are giving you. $14 for 3 pieces of sashimi seems unreasonable to me.
4	This place was amazing!!! The ambiance was captivating and the service was great! We were escorted to our table immediately upon checking-in. Our server, Erik, made excellent recommendations.My date and I shared two specialty rolls, the Shibuya Roll and the Poke Roll, along with a Shrimp Tempura Roll. All were excellent! The Mushroom Miso soup and Smoked Salmon Nigir were very good as well!They have a comprehensive selection of sakes. Sake is a must-have with sushi in my book. They were expensive but all alcohol in Vegas is expensive. One downside we saw with the menu was that you have to pay for Edamame, which we did order. However, we did not receive it and it still showed up on the check.
5	Two dine-ins in two days of our 4 day conference. I enjoyed both visits and was recommending this to many of our affiliates.  MGM has many great restaurants to choose from but I must say this place was amazing.    I'm pretty picky when it comes to Japanese restaurant picks - a snob you might say but I like to say particular :)My top picks - special tasting menu (ask what's their specials), Kanpachi Sashimi, Chirashi, Sea Bass entree.  We tried several of their cocktail drinks but our Sake Choice of the evening was the Nigori Genshu.
2	For such an expensive place, you'd expect the restaurant to be grand, if not extravagantly decorated with first class cuisine. Unfortunately it's a tiny place that looks like an average hole-in-the-wall type of venue with little decorations that try to look upscale. On to the food: it was good sushi, good soups, etc... Yet everything fell average from the taste to the extremely simple and boring presentation. Overall this was an expensive and boring experience that left my palate asking for more and my wallet asking for its money back.
4	The sushi here is great (the toro was amazing) and I liked the location and restaurant design as well.Just be careful asking your waiter for a Sake recommendation without asking for said recommendation's price.  I enjoy the occasional glass of Sake but by no means am I a connoisseur - finding that we had just bought a $100+ bottle after it was corked was kind of off-putting.However, If you're in the mood for good sushi, I would definitely recommend this place.
4	Very very good, expensive, but worth it. We ordered the small tasting menu. Perfect if you want a little taste of a bunch of different stuff. Waiter wasn't that friendly, but he did a very good job as far as service is concerned.
2	Perhaps this place was having an off night because the sushi I ordered was nothing spectacular.  Rice was incredibly dry and it really just didn't taste that great.  Good cocktails though and the edamame is always sure to please (regardless of where you are).  Can't say I would ever go back.
4	This sushi is VERY GOOD, but keep in mind that it is expensive!  Between three people (all with large sushi appetites), we spent $270.  We each had 1 drink, so this was really mostly the price of sushi.  We ate a lot of sashimi (yellowtail, salmon, eel, tuna), as well as some delicious rolls (spicy salmon, eel + avocado, etc).  Honestly, we probably ate 12 separate orders of sushi between the 3 of us.  The quality was very good (honestly, if you get sushi in the desert, don't go somewhere sketchy!) and I'd definitely go back.  The ambiance was nice (kind of dark and moody), and it seemed like a nice date place.  I was there on business, but it was good because we were given a corner seat and the restaurant isn't very loud.  We were able to have a good, long conversation without feeling like the waiter was trying to scoot us out for the next group.All in all, a delicious meal...but be prepared to drop some cash!
4	Excellent fresh quality sushi can be found here.....though I wish the portions were larger. They nailed my favorite Yellowtail Sashimi with thin slices of Jalepeno on top and a subtle oil drizzle. There was also a stand out beef carpacio that was outstanding. I would give the restaurant a 5, but I felt the servings were on the small side for the price. Still - if you love Sushi and want a nice dinner with your date or friends this is a can't miss spot at the MGM Grand.
4	Yum, the good rolls and appetizers.  The raw beef carpacio just melted in my mouth.  The fish is pretty fresh considering we were a little more inland than being on the coast.  However, since we ordered mostly rolls the freshness could have been disguised a little.  We had a couple orders of the sashimi by itself and that was pretty good as well.  MGM has quite a few tastey places to eat and this is definitely one of them.
2	Just meh.Gorgeous restaurant, we sat at the bar next to some drunk idiot, who thankfully left pretty soon after we ordered. Next guy who sat down was very entertaining and luckily for us not completely wasted and obnoxious.Service was really good. Very quick and very gracious.Sushi - fish was fresh, interesting variety of rolls etc on the menu. The issue is that the sushi is made with a ton of rice. I hate that. Most sushi restaurants that use lots of rice are trying to compensate for using a small amount of fish.Shibuya's rolls have a good amount of filling, but the sushi chefs (both of them, because I watched both making the rolls) felt the need to pad the rolls with twice as much rice as necessary, anyways. I have had better sushi in Toronto.
4	Dude!!! Waygu and fois gras gyoza!!!
4	For my 500th Yelp review, I would like to tell you all about a truly delicious meal I had at Shibuya. I went here with my sister and her sister in law for a pre-show meal (we saw Ka). I had not been to the MGM in many years and although the casino was a complete zoo due to it being March madness, the restaurant was calm, cool, and serene. The decor was Asian inspired but very understated. It is the type of place you would be comfortable in a dress and heels or jeans. The service was very attentive but relaxed and not stuffy.Since there were three of us, the server recommended we order three cold plates and three hot ones which ended up being the perfect amount of food and we really enjoyed getting to share the various dishes. My pick for the cold plates was the seaweed tasting. This was sort of a sampler of different types of seaweed salad, all of which I enjoyed. The one I normally eat at my local sushi restaurant is called chuka and they also had a kelpy one called tosaka that I have had before as well. Then there was a sweet black one called hijaki that we all agreed was amazing and a redish one that was served somewhat pickled called shibazuke that was also tasty. We also ordered the jalapeno hamachi that was melt in your mouth good. And the noodle dish was our third cold plate. It came with a nest of buckwheat soba noodles as well as plump white udon noodles and a broth on the side with a few condiments. I thought maybe it wax intended to be eaten like a soup but I didn't see how that would work for sharing but our server explained that you were supposed to just dunk the noodles in the broth (which was cold) like a dressing. He brought us some forks so we didn't have to double-dip our chopsticks and so we polished off another tasty dish.For warm plates we started with the gyoza which were quite tasty though they came with some kind of creamy sauce that none of us cared for instead of the traditional potsticker sauce. Then the mushroom salad (more of a saute than a salad) which was absolutely out-of-this-world fantastic. This was followed by the tenderloin and boy those mushrooms were even better with some steak. Throughout it all, our server kept us right on time for our show but still had good pacing in between dishes so we didn't feel rushed. I also tried one of their specialty cocktails, the ginger one, can't remember what it was called, and that hit the spot. I look forward to trying some sushi next time.I really enjoyed my meal here and I hope I have the pleasure of dining at Shibuya again in the future!
4	Considering that this Japanese restaurant is in the middle of the desert, the sushi is quite fresh. The atmosphere is extremely nice and styled after many of the stylish restaurants you'd actually see in Tokyo. Really enjoyed eating at this restaurant and would highly recommend it to Japanese food lovers.
4	they had a power outage while we were eating and gave everyone at the restaurant a free dessert which was cool.  the food was really good and i've got nothing bad to say about this place.  the only reason i go 4 instead of 5 is because where i live there is a sushi place that is yet to be beaten, and is my standard of comparison.  still, this is a good place to eat if you're feeling sushi.
4	Outstanding atmosphere with delicate food, the vegetarian set is incredible delicious.  The miso soup is too salty.  The dessert there is also one of the best I've ever had.
5	amazing!!!!! great ambiance. amazing food. servers are incredibly knowlegable of everything offerred and they are super sweet.
2	RIDICULOUS!!! foods are over-priced!! It shouldn't be that expensive. I went to others Japanese restaurants which I got the same taste of sushi and food and they are way cheaper than this place!! the service was totally bad, the server didn't take care us.
4	Outstanding food!  the sushi is fresh !  the portion size is typical of an traditional Japanese style.   I think the Tro appetizer was the best plate.
5	Fantastic Asian Cuisine in the MGM Grand Resort. Server was extremely friendly, helpful, and not afraid to give his suggestions for food menu items and beverages. Ate family style by sharing several dishes. Ordered a nice Japanese beer. Saw literally six celebrities dining nearby during our 1 1/2 hour dinner. Good food. Elegant and not overpriced for the quality and atmosphere.
4	Always a great place to chill and eat there!!!  Food and Service are always on point!!!
5	My wife and I dined here on the first night of our Vegas vacation. We were staying at the MGM Grand and were exhausted. We chose this place by default, since it was the only place we could get into wearing jeans and without a 40 minute table wait. We almost got up and left when we saw the menu. Not being Vegas regulars we had no idea how expensive everything was on the strip. We paid 200 dollars for a dinner for two, and it was worth every penny! We decided to do the tasting menu, and almost every dish was phenomenal. It was one of the best meals I have ever had in my life. The service was amazing as well. I cannot recommend this place highly enough.
5	9 couse tasting menu, epic culinary experience! 3 of us dropped a grand with some delicious cold sake...worth every penny!
2	Pretty regular sushi and teppanyaki.  Not a lot of tricks at all with the teppan.  Everything costs 2-3x normal retail cost it seems like.  Salad was decent, though the dressing a bit acidic.  I've had better miso soup, didn't taste authentic at all.  The grilled meats were ready over 10 min before the grilled veggies were.  The dessert wasn't very good - the best thing was the flourless mini cake with lychee creme(?) in the middle.  The mochi ice cream was way worse than the store bought ones - the rice cake was hard and stale tasting due to the ice cream (why reinvent the wheel?).  The sake syrup shot thing just tasted how flowery scents smell.  Just weird.Definitely not worth the money.  Try a different place!
4	Gluten Free Friendly. So good. Wow outstanding. I sat at the sushi bar and they made everything right in front of me. They were very carful to help me with my Gluten Free and Shell fish allergy. I would go back here in a sec. Lovely place. The food is perfect, the staff is on top of things and it has a great feel to it
5	I tried a few items on my visit but the two stand out dishes I tried were the wagyu gyoza with foie gras dipping sauce and the tuna tartare with crispy rice. The foie gras sauce for the gyoza was so rich and creamy, it is sooooo good. The gyoza didn't even have to have the wagyu in it and I would have loved it just for the sauce anyway. The tuna tartare type dish with crispy rice was very unique and I really enjoyed the crispy rice texture. The rice came out in little cubes on sticks for you to put the tartare on and squeeze a bit of a dark brown sauce from a pipette onto it. I didn't get a lot of savory or sweet from the sauce so I'm unsure if it was some sort of soy or teriyaki sauce or not. The seaweed tasting was good, I can take or leave it. The miso black cod was tasty, I recommend it. The shibuya specialty roll I thought would be better since it is their signature roll but nothing was spectactular about it. The choco lychee dessert is different, fruity with a hint of chocolate decadence. I enjoyed the saketini as that was light and refreshing. Great meal overall.
5	As good as it gets Sushi at prices that will take your breath away. We selected the premium tasting menu at 130 per person and were blown away. Will return to Shibuya again on our next Vegas trip.
5	Been here a couple of times....got the omekase dinner both times....straight good!  Almost too much food, for both myself and my wife to finish.  The flavors of the sushi/sashimi are excellent.  The drinks are great.  The atmosphere is cool.  We'll definitely be back again I'm sure.
4	Great spot for dinner before a big night out. has a "sceney" vibe, but less than that of Nobu. the sushi here was actually really good and creative. stand out was a beef gyoza with a foie grois dipping sauce. they also had a great seaweed sampler (awesome if you enjoy the texture or otherwise just a great palette cleanser) and a make it yourself spicy  tuna over fried rice cake dish. reservations are always good, but dont seem necessary. somehow seems to get lost in the shuffle with the other MGM restaurants
5	I made a reservation and took somebody here for his birthday.  The restaurant has a relaxed vibe to it.  We were looking at the menu for a long time since everything seemed delicious.  So we went with the Futari Omakase plus, a Kanpachi Sashimi,  a Hamachi Kama, a glass of Yamazaki and a glass of Prosecco for me (I think. I got too relaxed to remember).  Here's our dinner experience in the order they were served:AMUSE (ebi, cucumber sunomono and black sesame)The shrimp was fresh.  The cucumber was refreshing - tart and sweet at the same time.  The sesame seeds brought an earthy taste as it normally does in sunomono.KANPACHI SASHIMI (garlic, black truffle oil, yuzu and micro greens)This was the reason I wanted to come here in the first place.  The flavor combination was perfect and the black truffle oil was a very nice touch.  We were wiping off the plate clean with the fish.YELLOWTAIL (garlic ginger soy sauce, yuzu)Four beautiful pieces of hamachi.  The soy sauce and yuzu tasted like ponzu with the yuzu adding a citrus taste.KANI SALAD (snow, king and river crabs, pickled cucumber, seaweed and lotus chips)I don't know anybody else who gets excited over perfectly cooked lotus chips except for myself.  It was very thin, light and crispy.  The chunks of crab were fresh and sweet.  It also had some other greens.  The presentation was creative.  At the bottom of the clear salad bowl is a bowl with a shell, a plant and a betta fish swimming around.SEARED ALBACORE (crispy onions, japaleno and kimchee ponzu)The ponzu was nice and the jalapeno was real tiny and thin so it won't burn your mouth. The crispy onions added texture and flavor to the albacore.SHIBAKI TUNA TARTARE (akami, spicy tobiko, avocado, mountain caviar, yuzu cream and yuba crisps)The chopped akami was very fresh.  The avocado and yuzu cream gave this dish creaminess. Yuba crisps for that crunch.HAMACHI KAMA (hamachi collar with rice, bamboo shoot and truffle ponzu dipping sauce)The skin was nice and crispy.  The best kama I've ever had.  The truffle ponzu was soooo delicious - there's truffle bits at the bottom of the bowl.  Since this is fish collar, expect bones.AUSTRALIAN WAGYU SKIRT STEAK It was either this dish or the Australian Lobster and Scallop with Uni Butter Sauce.  Both sound good but it seemed like a good idea to have one dish with meat.  The steak was done medium and it was juicy, tender and melts-in-your-mouth good.KYOTO MISO SOUP (mitsuba, seaweed and tofu)Nothing exciting.  It's miso soup.NIGIRI (Chef's choice for the evening: tuna, hamachi, albacore and salmon)Good fish to rice ratio.  Fresh fish.DESSERT TRIO (Jasmine Anmitsu, Choco-Lychee Mousse and Tiramisu Mochi Ice Cream)I like to eat my dessert from the least rich to the richest and creamiest so I had the anmitsu (tapioca, jelly, blueberry, raspberry in syrup and sake), half of the choco-lychee mousse, tiramisu mochi and the rest of my choco-lychee mousse because it was my favorite out of the three.  The Tiramisu mochi was a bit too frozen so it was hard but it was good nonetheless.  The choco-lychee mousse was light but creamy and I loved it!  None was too sweet which is typical of Japanese desserts.Service was amazing despite a foodrunner serving us fish and chips which was not part of our omakase or the additional items we ordered.  It wasn't a big deal - we would've eaten it too if our server didn't catch the mistake!  It was a good way and a good place to celebrate.
4	Had the tasting menu and it was unreal. Great atmosphere-- our server ~~mike (may be wrong) was really lovely. Tried a blueberry sake and that was interesting and delicious!Will be back!
1	7/5: Read some good reviews about this place and I'm in a sushi phase, so I've decided to give several vegas sushi spots on my tour, including this one, a try. Also had a few bucks in MGM poker room comps available. Let's just say I wouldn't come back if my meal was fully comped, because I don't want to tip these guys even $1 out of pocket. I'll gladly tip over 20% for top notch service, but I have no problem stiffing them completely for bad service. The hostesses at the front were very friendly, even when we missed our reservation by like 20 minutes. The first thing I noticed after being seated was my dirty napkin. OK, let that one slide. No one is perfect. On to the food. Our main waiter's service was somewhat standard (more on the below average side for a fine dining restaurant..friendly-ish but not too attentive), though the beverage server was quite rude (did not say "you're welcome" once after saying thanks for refilling, like he was doing a favor for doing his job). After awhile, the refills for the $4.50 iced tea stopped. No refills in a restaurant is definitely one of my biggest pet peeves while dining. On a positive note, the food was awesome. If it wasn't for the awful service, I would rate this place 4.5 stars. $90 Futari Omakase: -Amuse (shrimp and cucumber salad): nothing special but pretty good -Yellowtail & Kani (crab) Salad: one of the best salads ever. loved the potato chip. it was served with a live goldfish in a bowl on display. not really sure what to think of watching live fish while eating dead ones. but interesting effort. -Shibake Tuna Tartare & Seared Albacore: great combination, the best of each fish i've had. really loved the albacore -Australian Wagyu Skirt Steak: pretty awesome, up there with craftsteak-like quality (best steakhouse ever, which is basically next door)-Kyoto Miso Soup & Nigiri: pretty much the same everywhere -Dessert Trio (jasmine animitsu, choco-lychee mousse, mochi ice cream): all good stuff..lots of lychee..haven't had in awhile, pretty good I almost forgot about the free 2hr wi-fi, it was actually pretty blazing...somewhat surprising for inside a casino..probably the best part of this dining experienceI did see how the table next to us looked like after the party left and "cleaned." It looked pretty dirty with some food still visible. Nasty! I actually did leave a (small) tip, but still feel remorse; not because it was a small %, but for leaving anything. This particular staff really needs to clean up their act, and they would have an above average place to dine. There are many places to choose from in Las Vegas, and no real reason why this place sticks out from the others (at least on a good note), so I probably won't be back.
4	We enjoyed a great, gluttonous meal recently at Shibuya.  We went for the teppanyaki table, and as such the meal was a massacre of beef, prawns, lobster, scallops, and the 'fresh sustainable seafood' of the night, which happened to be one of my favorites, halibut.The experience was great, albeit quite expensive.  Everything that hit the table, including the dessert, was delicious.  The fried rice and massive vegetable medley was awesome as well.  My slight complaint was that the chef held the plates and didn't serve them until all of the main courses (meats) had finished cooking. This was not a big deal, but its a bit torturous to watch the food stack up on the plate while you could be starting to munch.  I'm used to the plates being placed in front of the diners, and the meats & etc being added as they finish.The food and service was great, 5-star caliber, but the very high price (each seat at the table is about a $100 commitment...) drives this to a 4 star rating overall.  I have had similar outstanding teppanyaki at lower prices.  This all said, the experience was great, and I'll be back for sure if the opportunity presents itself.
4	Great fish. Very fresh and nice cuts! Tasting menu is recommended. The waiter kept bring food until we were full. All his recommendations were spot on!
5	Shibuya for my birthday celebration!We went with the Futari Omakase, which is essentially a 9 course meal, plus our added two courses!Since there are too many to go though, I'll just point out my favorites!Hamachi Kama with Truffle Ponzu. AMAZING...one of the best $20 bills you will ever spend. Not only was the collar the biggest, juiciest, most amazing piece of fish I've consumed...the Truffle Ponzu was super rich and flavorful! I poured the leftover ponzu on the rice and ate all the truffle shavings when the Kama was finished! And yes, the plate was picked clean! My mouth is watering!The Amuse : Ebi, Cucumber Sunomono, and Black Sesame. This was delicious! The shrimp was great in flavor and consistency, but I loved the marinated cucumbers! That says a lot about a restaurant, if the amuse can snag my attention!Kanpachi Sashimi : Garlic, Black Truffle Oil, Yuzu, and Micro Greens. So good, we almost licked the plate clean to get all that truffle oil! Everything tastes better with truffles LOL. And the Kani Salad : King, Snow and River Crab, Pickled Cucumber, Seaweed, and Lotus Chips. I love crab, and there was plenty of nice sweet chunks inside! Loved the combination of tastes here...we ate every bite! I also loved the presentation of this dish...with the beta fish swimming around underneath the delicious salad!A great night, and an amazing birthday dinner :)Took plenty of pictures...check em out below!
5	Delicious! Great atmosphere to enjoy a dinner.Spider roll (Mifune) - a+Dragon roll (Ryu) - a+The classic rolls and nigiri were fresh and delicious! The Sunomono was a lil too sour, but provided a nice taste. The service was awesome and if you're in a hurry to catch a show, they will help accommodate. Great job MGM!
5	It was on the pricey side (welcome to Vegas), but we definitely got our money's worth from this meal. I had the salmon avocado roll, spicy tuna roll, and yellow tail jalapeno roll. Some of the best sushi I've ever had. Very, very fresh. Very good.
5	The food was delicious and we had really good service. I would skip on ordering any of the miso soups. It's about $10 for your usual size bowl and it's nothing spectacular. Everything else we ordered was great and our waiter was extremely polite. A random drunk guy who was also eating at the restaurant came to sit with us and the waiter asked us if we were okay and wanted to know if the guy was bothering us. We let the drunk man be and had our free round of drinks. They also brought out complimentary dessert because my friend was celebrating something special. If you're a fan of sushi, come to shibuya while you're staying at the MGM.
3	This is a really really good place for sushi. However, for the price it is only 3 stars. The food is very good...but not for what you are paying it should have been perfect..not merely very good.  Service is great, and atmosphere is very nice, although a bit crowded as to the layout and spacing. Wasn't a fan of the long walk through the casino and down restaurant row to get here either. The tuna tartare and the seared albacore were outstanding, and all kinds of specialty rolls were tried as a group.  Staff was super friendly, and did their best to handle a large group of drinkers.  So I give them props because it wasn't easy. The only thing holding this out of a four star rating was some of the prices on the menu seemed just ridiculous for both the food and the liquor.  By that I mean, even by Vegas standards everything seemed a bit on the high side. But, overall I would repeat although not anytime soon.
4	Went to Shibuya this trip and was surprised of its location.  Great food...we ordered the omakase which was excellent.  Toro, and great dishes.  Noticed lots of citrus was used in their dishes, but was excellent.  Honestly the food is great but Mizumis at the Wynn has been the top place for me.  The service is top notch, and very helpful.If you want the best I rec Mizumis.....otherwise Shibuya is next on the list
2	OverallShibuya didn't live up to our expectations, and certainly isn't worth the price tag. The sushi was nothing special, and other dishes couldn't make up for the underwhelming tastes. If you're looking for a great sushi experience, this may not be the place for you. LocationSeemingly great location, until you forced to walk through a packed Casino, down several hallways, all the way to the near back of the MGM Grand to finally reach the restaurant. I was prepared for an up-class, trendy experience, however after walked through the hords of smokers and casino-goers, I was already feeling less than upscale.AtmosphereOverall ambience was great. Nice decor, very trendy inside, however the host seated us at a bright table next to the teppanyaki bar - not ideal for a romantic dinner. We asked to be moved and were offered another table easily.Non-sushi ItemsStarted out with eda mame. Didn't think we could go wrong, however it was dry. After examining the prix fixe menu, we decided to go a la carte and order a cold dish, hot dish, sushi, and a few rolls. The yellowtail sushi cold dish was great - good taste, fresh, and good sauce. The rock shrimp was up next - just OK, nothing spectacular. Sauce was overpowering.SushiSashimi was good - fresh, delicious. Next, is where it all went down hill. We ordered a couple of fairly mainstream rolls - spicy tuna and salmon avocado. Both were very disappointing. The rice was dry and hard, and the seaweed tasted fishy and was tough. The presentation of the roll was lackluster with no ornamentation. We sent the first order back, and the master sushi prepared two more rolls and asked that we try it right away to prevent the rice from drying out, unfortunately, the second time wasn't the charm. For the build up, and the cost, I expected amazing, melt in the mouth rolls. This wasn't the case.Our server was helpful, and nice, and was willing to offer free dessert for our troubles, but at the end of the dinner, we were disappointed and declined.
2	I don't like to write negative reviews unless I am really pissed off, and I am not pissed off at this place. They tried. But I think they failed.We came in for the Teppanyaki experience, but we also got some sushi.First, the good: sashimi was great. We had toro, uni, and some tuna. Everything was fine, hence more than one star.Here is what went wrong:Water glasses were dirty.The Teppanyaki dinner starts with salad. It had very tasty dressing, but it was literally drenched in it, and with it being spicy - it made it harder to enjoy the rest of the food.We ordered fried rice with some special meat, but we didn't get it. When we asked the waiter - it sounded like he wrote it down, but the chef ignored it. The waiter said that he will take it off the bill - like that should be even an issue.We ordered meat done rare - it was not. Maybe medium rare, more like medium. It's a shame because the quality of the meat was superb.Overall the restaurant had the atmosphere of an amusement park - like they just push a few buttons, and they are used to people being impressed by what they do. Chef's attempts at small talk were painful.Similar restaurant at the Wynn will be just as expensive, but on a much higher level.
2	I wasn't too impressed. The server was great and the ambience was nice.... But I felt like everything we had was just lacking in flavor. We had the Shibuya roll, bland. Lobster & Scallops, bland. I'd rather just save my $$$ and go to Oyshi haha I gave it a shot and I can say I tried!
4	Pictures are worth a thousand words!!! I had the A5 Japanese Wagyu! Totally worth 300 buck!! Ask for chef David!!
3	Used to be one of our favorites.  Waiter on our last visit was not as accommodating as our waiters in the past.  Typically we have the staff suggest and bring dishes.  We just we not wowed on our last visit.
2	My friend and I were drawn in by the trendy, upscale look of the restaurant and expected great sushi with five sushi chefs behind the bar. We chose to sit at the sushi bar since I've always had wonderful experiences and great interactions at past restaurants. The sushi chef in front of us had zero personality. The waiter although pleasant was only seen when he took our order and when he gave us our bill. My friend wanted to order a glass of wine and asked the host to send our waiter back over to no avail.I ordered Tako Sunomono and Sake nigiri. The vinegar in the sunomono was overpowering. The rice was hard and the Sake too fishy. My friend had a shrimp tempura roll which was too salty.Overall this restaurant is way overpriced, the service poor and the food disappointing.
1	Terrible. Mediocre service, way overpriced and "meh" sushi at best.
2	It wasn't the worst sushi I have ever had, but it DEFINITELY wasn't anywhere near the best. We came for an early Sunday night dinner as our last meal before leaving Vegas. We should have just gone back and had more overpriced crepes at Blizz. The server was not personable and very very slow. I will not be coming back here on our next trip, especially when there are so many EXCELLENT places to spend my money.
4	The atmosphere is very Romantic, they have a fully staffed sushi bar. The menu is totally for sushi lovers! The quality of the fish was what surprised me- but when you are paying top dollar for it, I suppose that is what makes the fish even more higher quality. We ate in the teppanyaki room- and had momos! To drink- The chef was very sociable but there was no real show like at Hamada or Others I've been too- but they told us after the fact that you could ask for more entertainment.. Aww... That would be a tip if ur bringing a toddler along!The food was yummy and tastey! U can see from my photos that I tried about everything on the menu-- lol-- Loved the service they were very attentive to all of us-
2	I wanted to like this place more, and frankly, I was expecting to.  I'd say the food overall was about 3 stars, but when you factor in the price (and I don't care that it's on the strip and this is what I should expect to pay.  If you pay this much for food, it should be good, regardless of where you are) I have to bump it down a star.  My wife's best friend was in town with her husband.  They came into some Ka tickets at the last minute, so we had to find dinner at a specific time on short notice.  We tried a few places that didn't work, but Shibuya had an opening.  To start, we had the rock shrimp tempura, which was fantastic.  This is a pile of small shrimp tossed in a sweet and spicy sauce.  The evening was off to a great start.  The rolls we sampled (Tiger and Shibuya) were just okay.  The weren't wrapped well, all of us had trouble keeping them together.  For entrees, our friends split the lobster and scallop dish, which is basically a bunch of seafood in a broth.  I enjoyed the broth, but some of the seafood was cooked a little long and became slightly tough.  I had the fish and chips.  I was excited to try a Japanese spin on this dish, but it wasn't that inventive.  The fish was still fried white fish, and the wasabi tartar had almost no kick.  The best part of the dish was probably the "chips," 2 thin slices of potato tempura fried.  This was different from normal fish and chips, which is what I was looking for.The wife had the Australian wagyu skirt steak.  This is served with a black pepper teriyaki sauce that the table universally enjoyed.  The steak was good, but certainly didn't blow us away.  Given the pedigree of wagyu, we were expecting more depth of flavor.The table shared the calpico pannacotta for dessert.  The presentation was nifty (see photo) but this was way too tart for me.  The macaroons were okay, that was my favorite part of the dish.All in all, I wouldn't say I didn't enjoy the meal, but we certainly left feeling like we did not get what we paid for.
3	Sushi is ok. Nothing really special about it especially for the price. Service was great.Not sure if it was related to eating here or not but my boyfriend and I both got sick that night and were sick for 2-3 days.
4	The sushi was good. My wife and I had the Las Vegas roll, which I enjoyed and a Dragon roll, which is the same no matter where you go. It was a little pricey, but we did order some more expensive saki, which hit the spot and was delicious. The service was good and no complaints from me.
4	We went here for my friend's Birthday. As we were seated at the table, she sawthe teppanyaki tables in the back and asked to be reseated there.The servers immediately complied, however I kept my menu from the restaurant.Oh so glad I did, as I ordered the hamachi with cherry tomato ponzu,and it washonestly one of the best sashimi dishes I have ever had. The fish was perfect and the pungent yuzu and ponzu flavors combines with the cherry tomato sections and sauce was amazing, one of those things that you would not expect to go together so well but was perfectly symbiotic in a new and exciting way.Now before I continue on to the next part of the review which is the teppanyaki I have to explain first I am not a huge fan of teppanyaki as I prefer the flavors and foods over the show. Having worked in a teppanyaki place for awhile its novelty has worn off on me, however I could not refuse the woman on her birthday as she does like the show and when she realized this place had teppanyaki she beelined over there. I did not remove any stars for the teppanyaki as I would not have had the experience but for the situation at hand. My stars are for the yellowtail dish and service only.The chef came over pretty quickly after we ordered, just enough time to stock his cart with our selections and travel over I would presume. He talked briefly with us but as it was loud and his voice was quiet so he was hard to hear, then he put our choices on the flat top and quietly griddled away. A few comments and some time later he scooped up our food and served them to each of us. She was very disappointed that there was no flair. I was disappointed in a $95 rib eye griddled in soy sauce..I wish I would have been able to choose restaurant selections, although they did allow me to order from the restaurant even from the teppanyaki tables and they served it to me there as well, no questions asked. I will definitely be back although it was $500 for the four of us for dinner with drinks. I hope next time I am here I can find another culinary gem that will change my mind about food in a subtle way, but until then I will be saving up for our next trip here.
5	Ask for Jan, he was awesome and very knowledgeable about the items. Thanks again for the great service!!!We started off with the young yellowtail appetizer, OMG it was butter, melt in your mouth butter! so fresh!Then we had the toro scallion roll and the Shibuya roll. Both were amazing. The toro with scallion was perfect. Very pricy but you definitely get what you pay for.
5	Absolutely amazing food. I got the black cod miso and a type of chicken miso. I was not expecting such amazing flavors.  Definitely recommend this place.
5	Good for rich guy, definitely try fatty tuna: make you feel rich no matter what you are.
4	What an amazing place!  The food is amazing and the decor is beautiful.   The service was impeccable.  My water glass never went empty and finished place were taken as fast as they were brought to the table.   I suggest trying the miso cod.  It's one for the ages!
4	I came here from my friends recommendation. That and we both love sushi. Now I've never done sushi in Vegas before, but then again, I have never eaten at Shibuya before. WOW. Living in Los Angeles, I thought i had seen all there was to see and eat in Sushi-land, but these guys do it different.We got the tasting menu for two: Futari Omakase OMG! - and I don't use that lightly.Presentation is 50% of everything, so when the Kani Salad arrives - a bowl atop a fish bowl - with fish swimming in it, I was like "Nahhhh, can't be real fish?"Real. Fish. It was beautifully presented. You have to see it to believe it. And no the fish were not harmed. But it wasn't just this dish presented well, it was all of them.The food outstanding. Sake Outstanding.Server Outstanding.Support team average.I would definatetly go back. Worth every penny! It isn't cheap, but its vegas. So to eat at nice places you are going to drop some Franklins.
4	This place has amazing decor! It's actually a lot bigger than you see, and I haven't seen people waiting outside for a seat for very long. It is usually packed during the evenings and if you are staying at the MGM, it's usually easier to get a table. Now as for the food, they offer very delicious rolls, and the waiters are very knowledgable about the specials of the day. The waiter we had recommended us a great sake that would compliment the rolls we ordered, and he was completely right. The tiger roll and the spider roll were both very delicious, and tasted very fresh. It is a pricy place for sushi, but if you want a nice night out, this place has the nicest decor, and usually no wait.TLDR: Such sushi, amazing decor, so wow.
2	Nice atmosphere, food was bland and not cheap, and service mediocre.  I have no problem paying top dollar for an awesome meal.  We were extremely disappointed and will not return.
3	Went to Shibuya for dinner tonight, hoping to check out cirque right afterwards. The ticket booth for cirque was closed when we got there, so we went straight to dinner. We asked our waiter if he knew why the ticket booth is closed and he said he would find out and let us know when the next show time was. He came back and told us that the next show was at 9:15 and the box office would reopen after dinner. He was totally wrong. We found out after dinner that cirque is on vacation, so instead of being able to walk across the hall to cirque we had to grab a cab to Mandalay bay to watch a different cirque show, and we were almost late because the waiter had no idea what he was talking about.Our waiter was a real let down... On the menu they offer 2 types of wagyu beef. Australian for $69 (3 oz) and Japanese $120 (3oz). When I asked the waiter what the difference is, he told me that the difference is $51 dollars. I clarified and said I wanted to know which was better and or which I should order and he had no idea, so I ordered the Australian and it was not very good. The only saving grace for this review is that the sushi we got was fantastic. We got the Shibuya roll which despite its $25 price point was amazing. The spicy tuna roll was one if the best rolls I have ever had. Overall I recommend checking Shibuya out, but pray you don't get the same waiter I had.
4	Although they had a table for a medium group already ready at dinnertime on Saturday (surprised!) I was summoned instead to a large party with friends and family in the other room pre-UFC fight.  I tried a little bit of everything!  It was all well above average with a nice mix of raw and crunchy items.  I'm sure it was expensive but some old rich guy got the bill, bonus!  I would came back for sure to sample the other items but it does look expensive.  Easy to get a table it seems
5	Absolutely amazingly delicious.  Super high end cooking table with many other offerings, impeccable service, great ambiance...highly recommend for a date night, or a special occasion.
5	Had a great time here, service was prompt, attentive and amazing, and the food was delicious. Absolutely get the $98 surf and turf teppanyaki set - it has lobster, tiger prawn, beef tenderloin, and comes with complimentary salads, amuse bouche, miso soup with crab, and Japanese dessert. Definitely a meal by itself, and the food's very tasty too - especially the tenderloin that comes with the set. I thought it was very reasonably priced.My teppanyaki chef was michael - he was great fun to chat with and he definitely whipped up a great meal as well. This place certainly begs a return visit and is literally the first teppanyaki restaurant I've been to in the states that serves food that passes my standards. Especially compared to the pedestrian Benihana which should be avoided at all costs.A great way to start (or end) a Vegas trip!
5	Great restaraunt. Went for NYE dinner, and service was spot on. Food was amazing, and even tasted their own unique Sake. Would recommend to any sushi lovers. Appetizer - Seaweed Flight, Barachirashi sushi rollEntree - Lobster in a butter uni sauce (My favorite)Dessert - Mochi tasting.Everything about this meal was amazing. On the pricier side, but its Vegas.
4	The baked miso blacked cod was delicious. Black cod is a rich fish full of buttery good ness ull need a starch to counter the richness of this fish.
5	The absolute BEST Japanese restaurant I have ever been to.  There are no restaurants in Northern California that have met up to the superb taste that I had experienced at Shibuya.  There was such great flavor in each bite that it was unforgettable.  I would recommend Shibuya to anyone visiting Las Vegas and loves Japanese cuisine.
5	Dinner was absolutely divine!! We ordered the tasting menu - but to really get the bang for your buck I would recommend ordering two different tasting menus. We ordered the vegetarian tasting menu ($55) and the full tasting menu($130). We had 15 different plates and there was enough food for my boyfriend and I. The service was wonderful - but you would expect that. The servers were great and each dish was explained. If I could I would go back! :)
4	Food is great. Hostess has a bad attitude. 2nd time here and they keep trying to put us in the front instead of in the dining room.
5	Awesome!  Best sushi in Las Vegas!
4	This spot is a great atmosphere with inspired creations that will tickle your taste buds. Portion sizes are a little small for the big eater, but everything we tried was delicious. Highly recommend the shishito peppers as well as the shrimp and lobster dish. Service was outstanding. Be prepared to spend $100 per person for a full meal and drinks. Great dining experience !
3	Steep pricing for teppanyaki. It was better than Benihana's definitely in taste, quality of proteins, and presentation, but still did not justify a $100 meal for one excluding alcohol. We made an online reservation, yet when we arrived we were told that it was not for the teppanyaki. When we inquired if we could have that, they told us it was fully booked. We decided to leave and made reservations elsewhere. When we were going to the other restaurant we strolled past this restaurant again, and asked if anything was available. We were seated immediately. When we sat down we were the only customers at any of the teppan tables. It was right at prime time too. While we were there, none of the tables were ever near full. My guess is that lots of people reserve the tables, but also reserve at other places too.
4	Intimate decor with comfy booths. The servers are attentive, and the food is tasty. I recommend getting the omakase menu to get a sample of the different dishes. The oysters are fresh. Love the beef tartare and sashimi. However, the Shibuya roll is not very impressive, and the tamago egg sushi is too hard. Definitely get the hamachi kama (yellowtail collar). The miso cod is also perfectly cooked though some may find it a bit salty. The beef tenderloin with asparagus and wasabi is not as good as the omakase beef that's has a sweet glaze. For dessert, the mochi ice cream are quite yummy. Overall, Shibuya is an excellent choice for a memorable dinner.
3	The service was meh, clearly the place was understaffed when we went. The waiter only came around like 2 times to check on us. The sushi rolls were good but not amazing. Maybe San Francisco has spoiled me, but I don't think these overpriced rolls were worth it.
5	intimate decoration with great service.their sushi and sashimi was perfect.they served a salad on a fish tank looking glass LOLthere actually was a live fish inside. fun experience!
5	Absolutely fantastic restaurant. We spent too much and enjoyed every penny!
5	We visited for an early dinner and found the staff to be very courteous and quick to seat us.  The staff was friendly, making suggestions and helping us choose a meal based on our tastes.  We really liked the sake sommelier who made some great pairings with our dishes.  The sake and food here is top notch and they are willing to share recommendations.  All in all, a great experience!
4	Great Japanese cuisine conveniently located in the MGM Grand. Shibuya has a sleek ambiance, a friendly/helpful staff and great tasting food.The various types of sushi rolls we ordered were fresh and delicious. You can't go wrong at Shibuya, I recommend this place for dinner if you want a divine night out.
4	Taylor knows the menu like he prepares the food himself.  Great suggestions and insights to the menu.   The yellow tail , dragon roll, skirt steak were incredibly tasty.    I would recommend getting there before 6pm to get a table.I only held back one star for the $140 total price tag.
2	The food is okay, but nothing spectacular. The most disappointing part is that we paid for a large group to sit at the Teppenyaki table with absolutely no show. No flame, no spinning, chopping, flipping, nothing. I'm just happy the guy finished without burning himself. What a waste of an evening out in Vegas, where you come to see A SHOW.There are way too many other places to spend your money here.
3	High quality sashimi, great rolls and unique desserts, but incredibly overpriced. You're paying for the ambiance, and all restaurants worth eating at in Vegas are expensive, but probably not worth the $300 check for 4 people.
5	Wonderful ambiance, perfect service. Perfect choice for our first night in Vegas!Lobster two way - sweet and tender and the foie terrine a perfect compliment. Wagayu short ribs and seared foie, how decadent!Wagayu skirt, perfect seared and mooing!  And the sauce!Yes there was a hair situation in one of our plates, but it was taken care of right away and we had a wonderful experience the rest of the meal.Thank you for a great diner.
5	This place was awesome! Its priced really well, the atmosphere is new and exciting, and the staff was really nice. We had two birthdays at our table and they brought us a great dessert with a couple candles. Would definitely recommend this place and visit it again in the future.
5	Probably the best sushi in Vegas, maybe best I've ever had.The steals are like butter and the lobster was cooked perfect with the fried rice.Ahi tuna and hamachi, off the hook, literally.  Very fresh.The dessert was good and the service was amazing. Prince is the best server we have ever had, will ask for him every time, he made the night a Vegas experience to remember.
2	Prices are ridiculous, we didn't even order alcoholic drinks nor big stakes or fish, and yet the bill came back for the 4 of us for $435.00, incredible, never again.Service great!, food (appetizers) OK.
4	Shibuya is one of the restaurants located within the MGM Grand. We made reservations for 2 for a Friday night, but in our particular night, the reservations weren't needed. Shibuya is chic, classy, and provides a great ambiance. We opted to sit at the counter so we could see the rolls being prepared. We loved that we did-it was great to see all the different options and preparation technique. When sitting at the counter, you still have a server. He was extremely attentive, knowledgeable, and pleasant. There is a large menu and even larger Sake menu. We started with the quintessential edamame and a few classic rolls. We enjoyed our server's sake suggestion as well. With many MGM hotel restaurants, expect to pay more than you would at home. (Cali rolls for $19...)Our server also recommended the wagyu skirt steak and seaweed sampler platter. Great dinner. Great ambiance. Loved sitting at the counter. Excellent wine and sake.
5	Very much impressed with this restaurant. The Foie Gras with Wagyu short ribs was AH-MAZING. Seriously, it was really good. Melt in your mouth good. All the Sushi was delicious as well, I had the albacore, Hamachi, and the sashimi salad. One of the sushi dishes I had (salmon maybe?) had these crunchy little balls on it (sounds weird) but it was So tasty and added some excitement to the texture. Great Sake selection if that's your thing. They were very accommodating, only half my party was there, when 3 more guys showed up, they moved a table to extend ours and took our friends orders immediately. Excellent service and food. I strongly suggest you check it out next time you are wandering through the MGM or Las Vegas :)
4	The ambiance was gorgeous, great service, and good food.Came in here before heading to a show. Running short on time, we told our server we had to get out of there in 30-40 minutes. The chef comes out, cooks, we eat & we get out in 30 minutes to make it to our show. Amazing ! We got the wagyu skirt steak and lobster with fried rice and veggies.It was the most expensive teppenyaki I've ever had, but what do you expect it's Vegas!
2	Meh. I've had MUCH better sushi and teppanyaki for MUCH lower prices!!We missed our reservation by about 30 minutes (hey, the tables were hot! They should be used to that!) and had to sit at the sushi bar (not great for conversation when you're with a group!).  We asked for the hibachi menu and were given it, and when we went to order the waiter said we couldn't order it b/c we were at the sushi bar (so why did you give us the menu!?!?!). Anyway, my husband got the scallops and lobster $35 and I got Miso $7 and a roll $20.  The scallops and lobster was a JOKE it was SOOOOO SMALL! My husband thought they messed up his order. It was a tiny bowl of red soup. My roll was OK, but NOT $20 good! Here in Tampa you can have your mind blown with a fresh $7 roll! We split one of those giant beers as we were already pretty drunk. Bill came to $88 before tip for 1 beer, 1 roll, 1 miso and 1 small bowl of red liquid that apparently had lobster chunks in it.  Needless to say, we stopped at McDonald's after to satisfy our drunk munchies!*Note, I have had the teppanyaki here before as well, and it didn't blow my mind. I'd say SKIP unless you are eating on someone else's bill (like your boss!)
3	I went to Shibuya for dinner after reading some good reviews. I sat at the sushi bar and it was a bit cramped. Overall the decor is very modern and sophisticated. I liked the look of the place. My server came over and I was pleased to find they had Justin Cabernet on their list. It is one of my favorite wines. I ordered a glass which arrived promptly. I ordered the Rock Shrimp Tempura and an order of the fatty tuna to start. The food arrived expediently. Now, here is my issue- I love Nobu so this place was behind the eight ball. The rock shrimp were very tasty but the portion was so small. It was $21 for a bowl the size of a miso soup bowl, with these small little shrimp doused in spicy mayo. Nobu's tempura rock shrimp are much larger and actually come in a dinner sized portion. I would have thought Shibuya's tempura rock shrimp was an appetizer had I not been explicitly told it was an entree. And as an "entree" it comes with nothing else. The fatty tuna was delicious, don't get me wrong. I'm accustomed to paying $20-25/2 piece sashimi. I was told the market price was $40. I was craving it so I got it and it was fresh and awesome but it seemed a little steep. My waiter came back around and I was still hungry so I got the salmon and avocado roll. It was some of the best salmon I've ever had. However, my waiter was harried, being in charge of literally the entire bar and some tables behind us. It seemed that on a busy weekend night, there should have been more help. I had ordered another glass of wine but it never came. I asked for my check and I had to have it altered because they had charged me for the wine even though I never actually received it. All in all, it cost me $120 with tip. It was not much food and while it was tasty, I don't know if I would make it a habit to return.
5	The menu is short and sweet. But I bet you cannot go wrong with anything! We started with the miso soup, shushito peppers with miso sauce (yum!!!). Had three kinds of their specialty sushis - so fresh and such play of flavors! And lastly the wagyu beef ribs with foie gras-melts in your mouth!! Sauce is so divine! Sake to complete. Lovely restaurant. Awesome fusion. Attentive staff. Worth the $$$$
4	Tons of cute girls work here. The food is classy, kind of snobby portion sizes on some things, and no warning (we ordered these seared albacore tacos and they were literally the size of a 121 pound girls thumb)....(I know that's a weird size comparison but you get it). I like the lighting and the whole vibe in the place, get a table facing the outside and you can ignore your date and people watch, it's fun. The price is typical for a high end sushi place in a big property like MGM. The tea was really good. Thanks place.
5	I had a wonderful dinner here last night. First we ordered the Oysters and Wagyu Beef Tartare- both were DELICIOUS but the portions were quite small, especially at such a high price. Our next dishes were a Salmon and Avocado roll, and a Lobster Roll. Both were incredibly fresh and flavorful!I highly recommend the Lycheetini cocktail, hut do not recommend the Cucumber cocktail (the sake taste overpowers the drink).All in all, great restaurant with great service. Overpriced, however, even for Vegas.
2	We've been before and were never disappointed with their omakase offering.  This time, however, some changes and one semi-disaster took us to 2-star territory.Maybe it's just what people are hyping these days in the high-end dining biz, but the reliance on truffle oil was off-putting.  We enjoy the subtle flavors of Japanese food, and this, while vibrant, was sufficiently strong to last into the next course.  Same with the large-ish portion of fois gras (yeah, you can't get it in Califrnia, but that doesn't mean I'm hankering for a large amount of such a potent product).  That's two stars down from 5.As we make it to the home stretch, we get the nigiri course.  I trade a piece of hamachi (Betty's favorite) for her piece of maguro.  Never having had reason to doubt the skills of the sushi crew here, I popped a piece of tuna in my gob that was already shuffling off to its reward -- you get that sort of ammonia aftertaste effect.  Sure enough, we both sniff the remaining maguro, and it's whiffy.  AT A PLACE THIS GOOD, THIS SHOULD NEVER HAPPEN.We called this to the attention of our server (friendly, effective) and after a bit, a manager (?) comes by with another piece of tuna (large piece, by gar, beautiful to behold), but with that first bit already seeking repatriation with the real world, I just can't countenance another attempt.  I poke around the desert, but most of it remains; I just have zero appetite.Now, even at Starbucks, if something goes slightly wrong in prep, you don't pay for it, and you'll probably be graced by one of their "have another on us" cards.  That wasn't the case here... leaving an even worse impression by paying full boat for what should have been, but wasn't, a wonderful meal.The saving grace is the excellent staff, those dishes that weren't truffle oil or fois gras based and a nice sake tasting flight.One utterly unrelated positive thing, while we're sitting in the front of the place, staring at hordes of humanity wandering by, we spot Tom Calicchio (out of "Top Chef" and owner of Craftsteak next door) zipping by.
5	If it wasn't in a hotel I'd come here more often they have such a unique arrangement of sushi choices I have never seen! Sushi gets kind of boring and dull nothing unique is ever on the menu, so when I saw the menu I got super excited! They have creative cocktails and sushi rolls that are satisfying to even the non raw fish foodies! Give it a try and you will be very pleased. Great service as well thank you!
5	I have passes by this restaurant so many times for the past year or so and never really considered checking it out until now. My friend and I went on a Thursday afternoon before her flight and we were seated very promptly. The interior had a contemporary feel to it with wood, tinted glass and a pink chandelier by the tepanyaki table which was surprisingly lovely. We just ordered small plates of sushi and nigiri. Tried the Shibuya roll, that was very tasty. The fish is super fresh and the presentation was top notch. My friend said that the yellow tail sashimi was the best she has ever tasted. Now we had to try the Toro since we had the best one ever at Koi at planet Hollywood. Well, this one was the 2 Nd runner up in my opinion. The marbling was not was gorgeous as Koi's. The scallop and sea urchin was very good too-super fresh! You can still taste the sea water from the uni. The wine list was okay. The service was phenomenal. Will I be back? Possibly. Sometime this year.
2	The service was great, ambience was cozy . Quality of food was lousy, spicy tuna and California roll tasted like rubbing alcohol. I always order the Toro to see the quality of fish they have , let me say this I've tasted way better quality for a 1/4 of the price their charging. Overall service was great quality of food horrible , WILL NOT go back to eat here again.
5	Shhaa boo ya is right! Party in my mouth. Waitstaff very nice and helpful. Relaxing and romantic. Worth the money. Young yellow tail was the best I ever had and fresh!
5	I've had friends that loved sushi and dragged me around to sushi bars.  I never cared for it but tolerated it.  Since I never really liked it, it was irrelevant what I ordered and to give you an idea of the experiences, I ordered uni one evening and the waitress asked "you like that" with a disgusted face.  I replied with "I don't know, I've never had it".  She delivered it and it was a black slimy mess and tasted equally rancid.  Apparently, the waitress never had good sushi either.My girlfriend, now wife, insisted that I at least try good sushi before I write it off.  Shibuya was what turned me into a believer.  I tried uni and watched them cut it fresh.  What a difference!  I sampled their sake too and it was good.  The thing that I've learned since is that you do get what you pay for when it comes to sushi and sake.  Since we've found good local sushi but nothing that compares to Shibuya.If you like sushi, visit Shibuya.  It's fantastic.
4	Service was good, he was knowledgable and helpful. It problem was I ordered the mushroom miso and received the regular miso, but it was very good.This was some of the freshest and tastiest sushi I've had in a long time. Definitely the best spicy tuna and rainbow rolls I've ever had.Lycheetini is always a good thing!French pressed coffee. My business partner loved her roll and also said the mushroom salad and coffee were amazing. The wasabi could've been fresher or at least spicier for my taste. I would definitely done here again for sushi in Vegas.
5	Absolutely loved dining at Shibuya! We are vegetarians and Jeffer was able to completely design an amazing meal for us. All their sauces & tofu are made in house which is incredible. The dining experience and the service was impeccable. I highly recommend Shibuya!
5	This place was great. Food is excellent which is where it all starts.  Service and atmosphere were great too. They did forget one of my dishes but they rallied up and made it pretty quick. Following are highly recommended:Salmon skin salad - crispy salmon skin and salmon eggs in a salad is geniusMiso mushroom soupSeaweed sampler - if you like ocean salad at all you will love thisBlack cod - fish was great, the small bed of greens it was on is super flavorfulThe sushi platter/dinner was a little plain though good quality.  I just would have liked some more pizzaz and two types of rolls instead of one. The lighted wall behind the bar is very well done, sit where you can see it if can.  My girlfriend is from Japan and loved it too!
4	Been a little while,, but we had the Omakase here and it was pretty good...Honestly, I would give 6 stars for the one thing my wife and I continue to talk about, the Lobster and Scallop with Uni Butter, absolutely loved that.  Loved even more that they gave you a little spoon just to drink the rest of the uni butter sauce like it was a soup... pretty amazingly good.  That one dish I will remember for a while...The nigiri course was also good.  I especially liked the tamago as a standout, in general I like the sweet omelet though, especially when it's house made and not pre-packaged.Value was pretty good, all-in with some beer and wine and tip the whole thing was hovering around $350 or so for the two of us...  it was about 7 or 8 courses (can't remember exactly and I don't think they print out the whole thing on the menu)...  I've spent only a little less in Orange County for comparable omakase meals without the Vegas vig.  Definitely better value than the old Shaboo omakase that used to be at BarMasa at the Aria.The service was pretty good.  Had a few different servers come to the table and explain each dish.  Various wait staff helped service our table and the experience itself was excellent.  Omakase at the table is a little different in my opinion, I prefer the sushi bar but since this was a lot of hot/cold dishes instead of nigiri, overall it was a pretty good experience at the table.
5	Amazing Japanese food.  Expensive, but worth it for the freshness, variety, atmosphere and service,  Make sure to book well in advance.
2	Did you go to Vegas for a win?Shibuya, located in MGM Grand is the dealer. It's well packaged but full of bluffs as soon as you sit down on the table. Decor? Very nice and modern, but what does it have to do with Japanese? For Americans, it's a good bluff. They like that kind of culture. Honestly? It reminds me of a club ambiance. Flip the card and your the looser. What do I mean? We walked in on reservation. As soon as I saw the sushi bar and the chefs, I knew it wasn't going to be Japanese. The chefs were obviously Chinese and didn't have the professional look. Don't call the cards, your screwed! The dinner for 6 came out to be around $1000. It wasn't omakase or anything special. We had; Uni fried rice, sashimi (toro, bluefin, hamachi, mirugai), grilled steak, pork belly, rainbow row, dragon roll, oysters.Rainbow and dragon was as bad a buffets. Soggy rice, low quality fish, and over drizzled with sauce. Even worse than those jive ass rolls. Sashimi wasn't prepared well. The daikon looked like it was prepared by machines. The fish was cut in weird proportions. Also displayed in bad manner. Bluefin was tearing apart as if the sushi chef went back and forth on the slices. Oh, did i mention that the chef forgot to put wasabi? We asked the waiter for wasabi, and we got some processed green stuff in huge portions. + service was great+ for trying to be Japanese; they had Hitachino beer and some high end sake (at least they tried hard).  + for casino style decorations and modern atmosphere; but what does this have to do with Japanese style?- should at least give real wasabi for the price they were charging. - fish just wasnt prepared right. the sushi chef definitely wasn't Japanese.- whats with teppanyaki setup in a japanese sushi restaurant? - very very fusion- overpriced for the qualityHow did this restaurant get 4 stars on over 500+ reviews? I guess because it's Vegas. People are used to the big spending and trendy atmosphere. They really don't come to vegas for the high quality well prepared food. If your wallet is too heavy and want to thin it out, come for a treat. Good Luck and happy winning at Vegas
3	We came in with a business group of 10 people and the service was great and attentive to our needs. The sushi apps were tasty and the main dished were cooked to perfection. I have tasted better but it is a nice place to go to impress.
1	The master chef wasn't in and I sat at the bar alone... Everything thye had as the sou chef were frozen but the Marugai which I had the rice was dry. Then I asked for uni which at first they said they had and I asked if the freeze that. The response from the chef was that they didn't have it anymore. To make matters even worse I asked for a beer then got carded and denied a beer because my id was from out of the country. Side note I didn't even be carded all day at the pool drinking or gambling. Never ever would I eat here or stay at MGM which I have been coming here with my dad since I was 5. 4 diamond resturant frozen fish go figure
3	Came here for dinner twice.The first time, we shared the sashimi dinner, sushi dinner, miso black cod, and mushroom salad. The mushroom salad was very yummy, although a tad salty. Miso black cod was beautifully cooked. The sashimi was fresh and had a delightful selection, though the price was slightly high $55 for 9 pieces of sashimi. We decided to come back here a second time to try the omakase meal which seems decently priced at $135/pax.Amuse bouche was kusshi oysters - Yumm.Toro tartare with caviar and karashi soy - Enjoyed the toro tartare very much, though the caviar did little to enhance the dish. Probably could have done without it.Kanpachi sashimi with miso dust, yuzu and truffle essence - Different, but refreshing. Liked it.Lobster and Foie gras terrine with Lobster salad with citrus soy vinaigrette - The lobster salad was awesome. Would love to have more of that. The foie gras terrine was good too, tasted very buttery, but I felt that the lobster in the terrine was a little off. The foie gras flavor was too overpowering and covered the sweetness of the lobster. The cold lobster was hard and chewy and was weird since the terrine melts in your mouth. The contrast was just too strong and unfortunately didnt work.Pan roasted hokkaido scallop in uni butter sauce - Scallop was beautifully cooked (on one side). Uni butter sauce was so good we contemplated getting a spoon to drink it all up.Australian wagyu skirt in pepper teriyaki - Super good. Beef was tender and perfectly cooked. Chef's choice sushi - We were given, salmon, tuna, halibut and yellowtail. I would have expected slightly rarer sashimi, but this was good. The freshly grated wasabi did the job :)Dessert tasting - Jasmine animitsu was a little off, sweet but bitter at the same time. I'd pass. The choco-lychee mousse cake was delightful, so was the mochi ice cream.Overall food quality was okay. For $135/pax in Vegas, I'd say it was a comfortable price point too. Nonetheless, service was rather disappointing. Our plates were cleared without being asked. Tea pot was not refilled promptly. Even upon refilling, the server didnt bother to top up our tea cups. Plates were served with a loud "clang" on the table. Server was reciting the dish wrong. Also, they didnt have a consistent server and each dish seems to be served up by a different waiter, which leads to the inconsistency in service.3.5 stars overall. -0.5 for subpar service.
3	While in Vegas, my sister and I wanted to have just one fancy dining experience and spend a whole bunch of money on food and wine. We were a little apprehensive about getting sushi in the middle of the desert, but we stopped here anyway. We were extremely ambitious about the amount of sushi we got and probably only finished half. The meal ended up being over a hundred bucks, and I would have to say it was NOT at all worth it.The sushi was mediocre at best. I've had MUCH better sushi in the middle of Indiana. The rolls were loose with too much rice and chewy seaweed. The edamame was delicious, but that's certainly not a reason to go. The yellowtail nigiri that I had did not taste all that fresh, and the spicy tuna was not the best. The environment is fantastic, and we enjoyed an entire bottle of lovely wine at the suggestion of our waiter, but, overall we were disappointed. I probably wouldn't come back to try it again just because of how expensive it is.
5	I came here with my boyfriend back in January and can't believe I never wrote a review. This place was Ahhmazing! Besides the beautiful decor and pleasant staff, the food incredible. We had the Shishito peppers and tuna tartar with crispy rice to start. Next we ordered the wagyu skirt steak and lobster with scallops. We got a roll of some sort as well which was good but not memorable. Our meal was paired with the Demon Slayer sake (yum!)Everything was delicious but the skirt steak is a MUST! My boyfriend and I still talk about it. Definitely a special occasion type of place due to the price tag but I cannot wait to go back.
5	I am a massive fan of Japanese food and, since we were in Vegas for my birthday, I managed to convince my boyfriend to take me to Shibuya.Although we got in quite late in the evening, the hostess said we were welcome to have dinner as long as we ordered within fifteen minutes as the kitchen was closing.It is true that the food is incredibly expensive considering the portion sizes you receive but the quality of the dishes far outweigh the slight pain in your chest you get upon receiving the cheque.The menu is much closer to traditional Japanese than most places so make sure to ask your waiter for suggestions- although I recommend the spicy tuna roll, the pork belly and the oyster tasting plate. If you have food allergies, speak up! The waiters here actually tell the chefs and get them to use separate stoves/cutlery for your needs... this has never happened to me before so I was extremely impressed.Come here for a special occasion but make sure you're not starving as you will probably leave hungry due to the small sizes and big cost... but as I said earlier... it tastes AMAZING!
4	Yellowtail, eel and salmon were awesome.  Hibachi (yellowtail) jalepeno appetizer was amazing.  Atmosphere is great, but what restaurant in a casino in Vegas has a bland atmosphere?
2	This place used to be my fav Japanese food restaurant in Vegas .  My most recent visit was not as expected. Service was great as usual but the sushi rice was intolerably hard. Sushi fans will understand the importance of good sushi rice. I am not upset. I am disappointed. I wonder if this restaurant is on the decline. Please note though Yelpers. Perhaps it's just an off day...
4	Shibuya is a Japanese fine dining restaurant located in MGM.They have several different dining options.  You can choose the regular dining experience, sushi bar, or teppanyaki.  The first two probably speak for themselves but not everyone may know what teppanyaki is.  The way the staff at Shibuya explained it to me was that it was similar to the dining experience at Benihana.  Make sense? Ok, great.  We chose the regular dining experience.  Shibuya is dimly lit with an intricate interior design that is very unique.  It is somewhat similar to a dining experience in Japan where you are separated by shoji, paper like walls, except here they are vine like cut pieces of wood that run from the floor to the ceiling.  This creates an intimate experience for each dining party.  Tables and seating are very different as well.  Your seat is one long bench.  For a party of two you each get your own bench that are larger than chairs but are only meant for one.  The service was outstanding here.  They were attentive and filled drinks for you as you ran low.  I had the hamachi kama which was broiled yellowtail that was complete with all of the bones still intact.  This could be difficult to eat for a chopstick novice but I was able to manage.  They did offer fork and knife in case I needed to use them.  This dish was good and the experience here was nice.* I used my open table dining check here without any issues
5	The Bottom Line - Shibuya is a great restaurant to dine at if you want to have a unique experience that is worth the price point. Service 5/5.  The waiter knew everything about the menu and the tasting menu, including preparation and presentation methods for each dish.  Service was timely yet unobtrusive.Personality 5/5. The interior of the restaurant is noisy but oddly intimate due to the dividers between the tables.  While it seemed loud inside I was able to talk in a normal voice to my date, yet we couldn't hear anything being said by the couple sitting a few feet away at another table .Quality 5/5.  We ordered the tasting menu because it seemed interesting and there were several items we had not eaten before.  Each dish was delicious and plated in an artistic manner so you ended up looking at the dish for a few minutes before trying it.  One item was served with a Siamese Fighting Fish in a bowl beneath the plate ("You can eat everything but the fish, we need that one back" joked the waiter). The portions were small but significant so by the time we reached the end of the menu we weren't overfull and our palates weren't overstimulated.Recommendation. 5/5 Worth the trip back to Las Vegas, Best for small groups or couples who want a nice relaxing dining experience.
3	OK sushi, but the ambience is very cool and posh. Saw Steve Aoki here on a date right after his set at Wet. He had the yellowtail.
4	Top notch experience. Just don't expect it to be cheap. Service was good, design of the place was great, and seating/space was ample.  I didn't have any food that I didn't think was great.Favorites:WAGYU AND FOIE GRAS GYOZA - unique and tastyWAGYU SHORT RIB WITH FOIE GRAS - super tender and tastyWAGYU SKIRT STEAK - hearty and perfectly cookedHamachi Kama -- very generous serving. bigger than any other place's serving I've seen
4	Great place .  Great atmosphere.  Great food. Its VEGAS BABY...What is can I say. The decor is wonderful the staff is on point. If your looking for great sushi this is the spot.. But make sure you bring $$$$
5	Best teppan we have ever had...and we have been here a half a dozen times!  Going to be your most expensive teppan dinner but well worth it. Service is top notch, food is seasoned great and miso has real king crab in it!Family favorite restaurant, sushi bar good also.
3	The place was cute and I was really excited to taste the sushi. I ordered the shibuya roll and I didn't find it to be as good as the waiter had described. I did like the rock shrimp and the service was great. Maybe another visit may change my first experience.
3	As many other people have mentioned, the interior is very tastefully designed, and for some the service could be seen as attentive, however, I found it rather fake and plastic, a case of trying too hard maybe?  Everything we selected off the menu was either an excellent or fabulous choice and received the comment "oh I would love to bring that for you" or "oh it would be my pleasure to bring that for you", which sounds like a compliment, until you realize that those phrases are hollow if the person saying them doesn't actually believe what they are saying.My tuna sashimi was covered in a sauce which unfortunately, whilst tasty, made it impossible to taste any tuna.  Portions were all small and obscenely expensive, probably 50% more than I would expect to pay in the lower reaches of the top tier of sushi restaurants! which is where I would place the quality of the food and freshness of the fish.The one area which surpassed my expectation was my desert - the black sesame  dish I had was inventive and well balanced.Like most things in Vegas, this is mostly about the experience and less about value and absolute quality
5	First word to say is AMAZING experience. I chose the hibachi experience and what an experience it was. All employees were extremely professional and courteous, the chef was superb. I chose the "surf and turf" entree at $104... Yes PRICEY but truly one of the best meals I've ever enjoyed. My meal featured a compliments of the chef salmon appetizer, house salad which was again the best I've ever had which is hard to say about a salad. Then on to the crab soup, delicious. Then the main course. I'm sorry to say that after the main course I had no room to try the deserts but I can imagine it is as equally special. Pros AMAZING food quality and flavorCons $$$$ $100 per plate average
4	You're typical big plate small food place. Had an amazing hamachi kama, and a nice glass of red wine recommended by the waiter. Attentive wait staff. I recommend the seaweed trio for tasting!
4	Great Service. Great recommendations, food was excellent try the octopus sunomono. The Japanese lager was the best beer I had I long time. The ambiance is nice. Overall a great dinner experience.
3	Service and management were excellent. Sushi was very, very salty.
4	I'm a huge fan of Japanese cuisine, and I eat it often enough to know what's good and what's not. Shibuya is definitely good. Must try: tuna on crispy rice, wagyu and fois gras gyoza, and the sweet potato tempura. Everything else was also great but those three dishes were off the charts good.
2	Not worth your time. I'm the first to admit I'm spoiled by the sushi scene in Los Angeles, and I imagine this could be a swanky spot for an out of towner, but it's just not good. The prices are ridiculous considering portion size (4 half shell oysters for $17?) and the taste is nothing spectacular. The reason this is 2 stars instead of 1 is that the presentation was very nice. But there are many Japanese options on the strip and I would recommend going elsewhere for a seafood fix.
1	I've had a lot of sushi from different countries/venues. This place couldn't get their sushi rice even to the quality of American supermarket sushi and most of the fish was old/stale.... And the audacity to charge $55 for 8 pieces of nigiri with miso soup..  Wow...
3	Ate there with friends who are novice sushi fans. We experimented with a broad spectrum of tastes and textures. The fish had good flavor but the texture indicated that it had sat around a bit longer than I like. Not bad, but not great.
2	Went to get some Sushi before heading out to a show. I was very underwhelmed with Shibuya. The server was very nice and spoke to us about the menu but everything he recommended was sub-par. For the rolls we ordered they were between 28-36.00 and I was just expecting much more. The most expensive one had Australian lobster and it was by far the worst one, very dry. I would skip this and spend your money at Nobu instead.
4	Fantastic ambiance.  Impeccable service.  Stunning food.  Like everything else in Las Vegas, too expensive.  Rainbow roll was delicious, but it fell apart.  Could be poor chopstick ability or poor roll preparation.  Blue fin tuna sashimi special was every bit as special.  Sampled friend's tempura, Wow!  Simply blew away previous sushi experiences.  If you have the money, highly recommend.
5	Our sushi night ended with blue fin tuna. I start this review backwards because this was so good I thought we had entered some kind of sushi heaven. Actually it was sashimi rather than sushi, but it was a deep red, fresh cut, buttery tasting delight. Though a bit on the pricy side I figured the stairway to heaven wasn't cheap. Our party was all over the menu, from sashimi to strictly vegetarian, and every plate lived up to the highest standards. I especially enjoyed the tiger roll and the dark japanese beer. Dessert consisted of mochi, about four flavors of it. Service was excellent. Our booth had a bit of privacy. Ambiance to spare. A worthwhile experience. I must add that MGM hit a lot of home runs. They really earn the title "grand".
5	The sushi was bomb.  The prices are up there but its totally worth it. We ate shrimp tempura, spicy scallop rolls, poke rolls  and tuna rolls. We also got a shirin and a mojito. Bill came to 100 smackeroos.  The ambiance is wonderful,  lots of seats as well. Overall it was a good sushi restaurant. Staff is awesome!
2	Nice place and tasty sushi, but not the best I've tried. Sashimi dinner is $60!! And it is so not worth it! The only two I liked in it were the yellowtail and salmon! If you have the money, just try the single sashimi you like don't order the combo! Sushi was pretty yummy though.
5	Shibuya= AMAZING. This was by far the best Japanese dining experience, I've ever had. I was here with a big group of 15.  The service was great, we were immediately greeted with smiles, the servers are very attentive and patient in explaining how the dishes work and the different options you have.  You have a lot of options so this is great. We had about 15 different plates from their tasting menu. The ones that I can remember where my favorite: We started with shishitto peppers (they must be in season in December in Vegas bc they were everywhere). We also tried the yellowtail  and Tuna sashimi (AMAZING prob my favorite plate there was some arugula and parmesan cheese in there that made it very very unique)  this amazingness was followed by some Maguro: Tuna, there a few other fresh fish dishes in between but came next really left me very satisfied.  The Miso Broiled Black Cod- the cod was cooked to perfection.  We also had the black angus filet.  As if this was not enough we finished with a sushi roll platter which had the NIJI (RAINBOW), alaskan dynamite and a couple others that I dont remember. We had some great saki this night as well and good Japanese beer.  The atmosphere of this place is great, very open space and there is a artsy feel to the interior design. Also, no big deal if you happen to be having dinner next to a movie star. This place is a must in Vegas!
1	I would give this restaurant a zero star if I could. Don't go to this place if you are hungry. This place is super expensive and the food is not worth it at all. If you want to eat Japanese food, you can take a cab to China town there is a super good Japanese cuisine called Kabuto. It's about the same price but the food is way better.
5	Very happy for their service and the ingredients. Sushi(I had halibut/tuna/snapper/salmon) was good. Cute size Tempura udon for my niece was superb. Kobe steak was amazing. I usually don't like the flavor/smell of Kobe and Korean Beef(I prefer oily grilled dirty American steak). The only issue was the price. $230/steak as the market price and we had two orders(each was about 8 sliced piece, not whole). It was a special night for four+one kid of us:)I ordered oyster shooter and the server said they don't have it on the menu but he asked to the chef/sushi man and he brought me one which was prepped in a shot of Sake!!!It was amazing!!!I love this place and not sure if I can afford going back sometime soon
1	The worst Teppanyaki dinner.On this Christmas night we visit the famous restaurant in MGM. We order the combo dinner set $92& $104.The chef only take 12 minutes to cook everything.1. He put everything in same spot to cook not separately.2. Everything use the same flavor.3. Shrimp are raw, salmon are raw, scallop are raw, lobster still can feel the fishy smelt. He didn't ask how we like our steak he just cook to rare.We are the only customer in this table(me, my wife and my daughter). We love Teppanyaki, we ate Teppanyaki in many places like Tokyo, Taipei and Bay Area. No any other restaurant like this one. We are so disappointed!
4	It's really not for people who don't enjoy sushi-type of food. While they do have warm plates, Shibuya of course specializes in raw fish. Which isn't a bad thing! My family definitely enjoyed themselves and particularly awestruck by their interior design (being designers themselves, go figure lol).FOOD:We ordered two Miso Soups ($6.00 for original and add Mushroom +$1.00). Then ordered an array of of nigiri and sushi rolls: Yellowtail, Unagi, Tuna, Scallop, and Oh Toro ($8.00-$13.00 per order); Rolls: Spicy tuna ($12.00) and Dragon Roll ($19.00). Also ordered two warm plates: Spring Chicken Moromi Miso and a Black Cod Miso. Cannot say how the sushi were as I do not enjoy fish as much as my family does, but their Spring Chicken Moromi Miso was quite delicious. Very soft in nature, cooked in a method that gave it a very tender texture and the marinade of moromi miso was delectable!SERVICE:Everything at Vegas at these upscale restaurants are always up to par and always so delicately done. Everyone is so friendly and just very accommodating to every customers needs. The hostess was super gracious since we got there 30 minutes early and needed to wait outside for the restaurant to open. She made sure we were one of the first families to get in. Our waitress was very knowledgeable whenever we had questions about the dishes and the water waiter always made sure to keep our water filled.AMBIANCE:It's a very chic vibe you walk in, the design aspect was beautiful. I loved their bar area with gradual changing LED lights with these clear box layer on top. Ugh! It's just gorgeous. The way it was done wasn't tacky like most places. The noise level here was also minimal with a rule of no rowdy kids under the age of 5 allowed. I loved it.Definitely a place I would suggest to sushi lovers. :)
5	Super expensive, spent 800 dollars for 4 people, but it's worth it. Best Japanese food ever.
5	What a wonderful sushi spot on the strip! I was pleasantly surprised by our dinner last night at Shibuya. The rolls were yummy, the service was terrific and the overall experience made for the best sushi meal I have had on Las Vegas Boulevard.  I will be back!
1	This is billed as a high end sushi restaurant inside the MGM. Laughable. Or cryable if that is a word. I try to refrain from writing 1 star reviews, but this is necessary. Looking over the menu, I was pretty excited about all of the interesting dishes and great ingredients. Immediately, the Iberico pork dish jumped out at me. And the chef selection sashimi. Expensive, sure, but I was looking for a "WOW" kind of dinner. Especially after seeing all the 5 star reviews. I got a wow dinner, but it was more like a, "Wow, what the heck was that?". I have had Iberico ham and it is amazing. This was not that. If it was, they found a way to screw it up. As for the Sashimi, have a look at the picture http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/shibuya-las-vegas?select=GB9jv39b835AEE5NeLH9jA#GB9jv39b835AEE5NeLH9jA This is the chef selection sashimi...why is there unagi and regular old shrimp? And a questionable scallop? And what is arguably imitation crab meat?  One might say I came here on an off night. No dice. Just watching how they prepare the food and how it is stored, I can tell this is the norm. To be honest, I didn't try the rolls so maybe that is more their speed. But when you put chef selection sashimi and Iberico ham on the menu - it should be top notch. By the way, just to put this in perspective. Add a decent small bottle of sake and a beer, with tip...$180. Disappointing to say the least.
3	I visited the restaurant on January 1st 2015The meal was good, nothing that made me eager to return immediately, but I'm glad I ate here.I think the most memorable item on the menu is the beef short ribs with foie gras. It was really outstanding Sushi was good, but not worth the price paid. Service was ok.
5	Stayed here at the MGM and discovered this place by walking towards the food court to satisfy late night drunkies. Once I stumbled upon the amazing decor , I had to look at the menu and to my delight, I saw foie gras on the menu. Foie gras is such a delicacy to us Californians because it's been banned just in our state. I put all the blame on PETA and thank them for ruining my french craving. The service was superb, our waiter (whose name escapes me) was amazing and when I shared my love for uni and foie gras, he even added an extra ounce of foie gras on the house! To top it all off, he gave all my friends and me complimentary dessert just because it was their birthdays! And that's only the service! Now for the food, the braised pork rib topped with 2 succulent pieces of foie gras was to die for! The pork was cooked to perfection and the foie gras was seared perfectly and is definitely comparable to San Francisco's Gary Danko. The service and the food definitely made my night in Vegas the best night!
5	Pricey, but delicious. My husband and I have dined here three times now during our past Vegas trips. Once for sushi and twice for teppanyaki. I cannot stress how amazing their teppanyaki is. This past trip we both had the surf and turf (lobster, shrimp and steak) with garlic fried rice. The meal also comes with a small appetizer from the chef, soup, salad, veggies and a trio of deserts. The steak here is among the best steak that I have ever had, and that is saying a lot, as I have also dined at some high end steakhouses. Seriously, melt in your mouth (at medium and medium rare) and we didn't even order the waygu. The service is very attentive, as well. Overall, a very nice dining experience that is worth the price. A rarity in Vegas if you ask me.
