5	Chef Esparza...that's as close as it gets to a guarantee when it comes to distinguished Mexican food. I can spend, and will spend, several days exploring this expansive menu. Try the huitlacoche, huarache, or pozole and experience the essence of real Mexican cooking.
4	Thanks to Chow Bella, my friend Lori saw that this place was opening Monday and we decided to go that night to check it out.We planned on being there by 6, and I was a bit worried. Old Town. Day off for many. New place by Chef Esparza. Luckily, we got there just in the nick of time, as the place started to get pretty busy.Looking at the menu was a little overwhelming, as there are dozens of different tacos to choose from. Yes, there are other things on the menu, but the tacos are the selling points because of the variety. I brought the menu home with me just to write this review, because we sampled so much ! (It's ok, it's also a take-out place and you can take the menu. I am not a crook. HAHAHA!)We started with the elote, which you can get in a cup. It was delicious! We polished it off and ended up ordering another one later in the meal.The tacos we had? The flank steak with an egg (of course), barrio pollo y chorizo, carnitas, cochinita pibil, camaron, and camaron con coco. We also had the green chile tamale. Everything was tasty and wiped out in seconds!Here's where the final star for the review got taken away: Service. It started out great, but after the first half hour, it seemed as if we were forgotten. It was getting pretty busy, but with a chef who has so much experience, and a grand opening, the staff should have been better prepared. We had also ordered some things to go, and it took 45 minutes to get that. Luckily, the manger was really apologetic (and super cute!) so we didn't feel like total losers.It also would have been nice for Silvana to thank the people who came out. We saw her a few times showing people her other new place next door and even congratulated her, but we basically got a nod and that was it.
5	I love you I love you I love you Barrio Queen! I just ate here about an hour ago and couldn't wait to write a review. First of all the location is great, if you don't drive like me the bus will drop you off about 5 minutes away or its just a short bicycle ride from downtown Tempe. Couple of drawbacks but I know this is because they just opened. They didn't have a Tequila list so I had to rely on the waitress to pick something for me. It worked out great because it was delicious. The second is that the portions are a little small but the prices are more than affordable so I can fill up on other things that are on the menu. I started with the vasito. Delicious and tangy! I had two tacos, one was the barrio pollo and the cochinita pibil. Both were very spicy. I like this but others may not. Both were beyond perfection for me. My boyfriend ordered the huitlacoche quesadilla, the "Mexican truffle" and the al pastor taco. The 'dilla had just the right amount of wonderful cheese. I ended with the flan. It was very tiny and not enough for two people so you might want to get more than one if you're planning on sharing. I left very satisfied and extremely happy that I finally found a restaurant that can satisfy my craving for delicious, affordable Mexican food.
1	We will try again in the future but essentially "only" set back $60 for a pitcher of margaritas and a round of drinks for two. Of course we ordered eats but food never arrived! A bit surprised there was not a tequila menu; although we luckily didn't drown our sorrows, nor our wallets, waiting on the food. Unfortunately just wasted our time...waiting and waiting.
4	Tried Barrio Queen on Wednesday. I have very much been looking to a new location from this chef and to see lights on again in the space formerly occupied by my beloved Metro Brassiere. I am not a tequila drinker (yes, lame, I know) and the only options on the menu were margaritas and beer. I asked the waiter if there was anything else and he recommended a cosmo. It was $15, which I think is a little steep, but it featured Grey Goose and was amazing, not too strong, not too tart or sweet. Definitely a pleasant surprise for a Mexican restaurant. My friend and I split the guacamole, which seems to be the same pomegranate seed-speckled variety as featured at Barrio Cafe, and just as delicious. We did the combo option, which allows you to pick from a list of 6-8 entrees and comes with black beans and a cabbage slaw. The beans were mostly pureed/mashed - the flavor was great but I would have liked a little more texture. The slaw was also a little bland, but the cochinita pibil and chile verde were awesome. The cochinita pibil is, again, the same or similar to the recipe served at Barrio Cafe and is my favorite item there. The chile verde had some good spicy kick to it, but not so spicy that it overwhelmed the flavors. They played awesome varied Mexican music in the background, the servers were attentive and friendly, and the sparkly bronze-colored seats, big jars of aguas frescas and other decorative touches make for an attractive comfortable setting. The waiter carefully packaged our leftovers, and I made huevos rancheros with my leftover beans, cochinita pibil and chile verde. If it's possible, they actually tasted better after a day or two. I will definitely be back.
5	We saw this place and decided to try it out for New Years Eve. Being newly opened (a week I think), I was prepared for the restaurant to still have some "kinks" but we were surprised! The seating for the tacos and smaller plates only has room for 18 inside, but more outside. The other section with an expensive, but good menu was empty. Not sure how this will play out in the future, but we wanted just street tacos and smaller plates. We were sat outside and the staff was over accomodating to move one of many heaters near us which made the ambiance fantastic. Old style Mexican music was playing and the staff was very prompt. The drinks were strong, food AMAZING, and someplace we will go back to soon! My husband even left his phone on the table and our waitress, Amie, called us from it, to have us return. Honest staff! They even have a weekend breakfast menu as well. I would highly recommend this place, and hope they expand the seating. Moderately price, AUTHENTIC Mexican food. Delish! They are open until 3am on the weekends, so pefect for late night snacks!
2	Barrio is known for overpriced food and drinks. I have used to go to the original Barrio location a lot and watch the prices rise big time over the years. $11 for a dessert. The Barrio Queen has the same concept. Overpriced f&b. Don't get me wrong, I know that the food quality is good, but there are a lot of better and comparable restaurants available that's a lot easier on the wallet.
4	Yup, I took a friend and went back again after reading some of the reviews. I thought maybe we got lucky the first time around. Still some of the BEST Mexican food and service was good. We sat outside and again the staff was great about getting a heater near us for comfort. We had to wait a little bit for the bill, but other than that, I still think this is a great new restaurant. We ordered tacos, guacamole, flan and two sodas. I'm still not sure what some of the items are, but that's just an excuse to go back. One of the staff/workers told us about the local artists that did the tables and art work, and the concept of the restaurant. I still love this place. YUM.
3	*update below*literally right under my office building! so glad something finally opened up in this space.today i had the flank steak with grilled veggies. it was ok! i thought the price was just a wee bit high so i probably won't be ordering it again but i will be coming back to try other things. most of the items on the menu were fairly priced.our waitress, yvette, was the best! our drinks were always filled. she was hilarious and did a great job answering our questions and making special requests. one of the best waitresses i've had. *update*we called to-go today. the girl taking our order wasn't familiar with the menu. we ordered a few tacos and after each taco she'd be like 'is that one of our tacos?' then we ordered the green chile pork. she said they didn't have that. we told her it's on the menu and she asked where so we told her. i get they're still new so i'm not super annoyed. the part that bugged me after all that was that my food had hair in it. there's nothing worse than taking a bite and having to pull a long hair out of your mouth. probably won't be coming back for a few months. i'll let them get settled and learn the menu and figure things out.
2	General public: please stop opening restaurants until your staff is fully trained and your food is killer!!  I gave two stars because the taco I ordered was pretty good.  Everything else was lacking in flavor, size and presentation.  The only thing full during my visit was my diet coke.  The server brought me three and tried to bring me a fourth when our food was taking FOREVER.  The computer system crashed during our visit.  The food was overpriced.  Our server was overwhelmed and undertrained.  Will not go back.
4	The three star rating here, I have to say, is a goddamn shame.  Barrio Queen is a classy joint with good food, nice service and a great location.  When I went, it was newly opened and it took awhile to get our food, but our waitress was never anything but incredibly nice.I ordered the huitlacoche quesadilla and it was delicious.  I also had an al pastor taco on the side.  Straight up, you're in Old Town Scottsdale and you just got done looking at really lame art made by some old lady and she's telling you that it's authentic Mexican American or whatever the fuck.  Uh-oh, is your tummy rumbling?  I think so, bud.  Tell that old lady to shut her trap and come here.  You'll thank me.  Not in person, probably, but you'll go, "Fuckin'-A, Billy was right.  The al pastor is good enough to murder for."
5	Don't listen to the nay sayers about the Queen.  The service, ambiance and management is excellent.  The managers hover everywhere and you can see the quality from the second you walk in.  Cheapest Margerita ws $6, which is very fair, OK you can buy one with an expensive call tequila for $12 but the standard one ( agave syrup, lime juice and tequila called 3 standard) is excellent.  The guac is quite different and EXCELLENT.  Yes the tacos are small but at $2.50 what to do you want.  There must be 30 to pick from.  TO be fair some are more expensive.  The duck confit taco is amazing, shrimp taco the same.  Silvana was there and she kept a close check on everything.  This place is amazing GO THERE.  The other side is the fine dining side and the entrees are +-$22 which are reasonable.  This is NOT a regular beans a rice joint, it's unique
3	I went here with some coworkers for lunch.  It was my choice and they ended up a little annoyed with me since the service was very slow and the food was not cheap.  So, not the best option for a work day lunch but I would consider coming here again in the evening.  I'd enjoy some of their yummy tacos with a beer on the patio if the sun was already down (there is no shade). Or else something from the dinner menu with a glass of wine in the swanky bistro.  I'll give them another shot but they are definitely on my coworker's "no" list.
2	Lots of potential. A good location and a comfortable patio. The bar has very limited seating so the patio is the place to mingle. On the positive side, the menu is original and edgy. There is an amazing variety on both the food and drink menus to choose from. Portion sizes are small (think 3 bites per taco) so be adventurous & try several things you wouldn't normally order.Service is the weak link here. Believe what you see in all the reviews - the wait staff & kitchen aren't ready for customers yet. I was there on a Monday afternoon at 3pm. Plenty of open seating on the taceria side and plenty of staff. Everyone was friendly and made me feel welcome .....but too many mistakes to overlook. Knowledge of the menu needs to go beyond pronunciation. I look for the servers to have tasted the menu & be able to give helpful insight. Not happening yet. No offer for water, simple margarita took several reminders & still came out after my second taco order. The marg still came out before silverware & a napkin which I requested 3 times.On a positive note, the staff brought me an extra taco & later an extra margarita - explaining that both were over-runs that would go to waste. I think they just felt bad for dropping a few balls. I will definitely be back but i am going to give them some time to work the issues out. In the mean time, Canteen off Mill Ave in Tempe is a good alternative for a taco & tequila fix with good people watching.
4	I was happy to try this new spot in the gallery neighborhood.  We were there early, so got a table right away and had time to look over the large menu.  Got to try some fantastic tacos, which are nice and small, so we could have a few each.  I am looking forward to going back and trying more.
4	Barrio Queen has been open, now, long enough to have worked out the bugs.  The food at lunch was fantastic.  The street tacos are fresh and flavorful.  Everything is cooked to order - even the tortillas.  The service is fun and friendly.  There are two sections to the restaurant - casual and a bit upscale.  Try one side one day and the other section the next.  Absolutely up to the standards of Barrio Cafe.
1	The seating is horrible... The service was even worse.  It feels like they are geared more for Take Out.  There was enough staff but no one seemed to know what to do... aka refill my Tea glass / take my order / and the no silverware thing again.  2 of the 3 things I ordered from their menu, they were out of (Mole and a dessert).  Then the waiter tried to talk me into another dish by saying it was his favorite.  Will never go back!  Sucky experience!
1	I really wanted to love this place, and I didn't ; not even a little. The hurried and unprepared staff made the food just taste so-so. The place is beautiful and looks like it comes with lots of experience and knowledge of the food, but that's not the feeling my husband or I came away with on our lunch date this past week. The place looks beautiful and in a great location, but feels like a fast food joint. Next time, let me order at the window, give me a number and I can pick up my food and drink a lot faster. Heck, serve up the tapas in wax paper and save some dishes if you are trying to be green. Thanks, but not thanks.
1	Horrible service! Bad food! Guac is flavorless and chips are thick and do not compliment the guac texture. Asked for a margarita four times and it never came. Never returning'!!!
4	BEST TACO EVER!  - Barrio Pollo & Chorizo -   I wanted to try a few tacos and get a variety, and this one was far better than the rest!  Don't bother with the other interesting ingredients and titles.  So straight to the bold party on your palate.    Our server recommended it and called it a life changer and damn it really was the best taco I have ever had.    Our server recommended it and called it a life changer and damn it really great!   The other tacos had interesting titles, but seemed bland & boring.....Ehhh? That why this is a 4 star review.Barrios also has 3 jars of tequila, mescal & jamaica which they keep displayed.  We tried the tequila and mescal and they were wonderful!  The Tequila & Mescal were unusual & good.  They liquors are hard liquor, so be ready for a strong drink which one should sip and savor.  NOT flavored but infused with the actual peppers.  The pepper Tequila was quite hot.  If you like spicy, this is perfect for sipping on a cold night.  It warms you from within. I am no connoisseur.  I just like bold in your face flavors.  Barrios has bold flavors if you stick with these recommendations.
4	I gotta ding this place a star.  The execution still isn't there.  It's been over a month now and they should have it down by now.
3	Good concept, after some practice they might have a good thing going here. As with most new restaurants they had some pretty serious service issues, but we managed through and enjoyed our meal overall. I'll be back in a few months.
5	Barrio Queen is in Old Town Scottsdale near the "waterfront."  The restaurant occupies a relatively small space compared to its neighbors and is connected to Silvana Bistro.  We sat at the table facing the entrance with the Jose Cuervo mirrored sign, stylized hood cover from a car, and three tequila certificates.  The Don Julio print on the paper place maps seemed to indicate that there was some descent tequila served at Barrio Queen.  We enjoyed the simple three margarita with the Don that arrived in a plastic Pacifico pitcher.  My daughter had a cheese and mushroom quesadilla. Thick with cheese, mushrooms, and onions she got past the blueness of the blue corn tortilla and the onions, and consumed all of it.  The guacamole came chunky, spicy, and highly recommended by our waiter.  We polished it off quickly, still hungry.Near our seats were black and white Barrio Queen shirts and food stuffs in cages.  The draft from the door was cold and unrelenting as patrons entered and exited.  Within site of our table was a Frida Khaloesque painting that had been Barrio Queened, a monitor with a slide show of employees, ingredients, and food, and a bar with pastries, caged liquor, and beers on tap and in a refrigerator.The primary item, fifty of them, are fancy street tacos.  Each is a single, but everyone's order comes on their own plates.  I highly recommend the barrio pollo y chorizo.  The chorizo was really good.  The chorizo y al pastor was good and the cameron con coco was okay.  Four tacos and some of an appetizer seemed to be enough for a meal.  Adding some dessert was too much.  The churro was something to behold as it was topped with caramel and ice cream.
2	We went there on Sunday for lunch. The entire experience was awkward and the service was terrible. Two of us ordered from the taco menu. When the tacos finally arrived the person who delivered them informed that one of the tacos (pork carnitas) which is one of their specialties was not available and that I needed to reorder with my server. By this time everyone in my party had their food. The server told us the kitchen did not inform her they were out of the carnitas. I reordered but 30 minutes later I still did not have my order and so we cancelled it. Took another 15 minutes to get the check. Very poor management! No teamwork! The server is the victim of poor management. The food that we did get was good. Several people were asking for their servers and two managers were running around trying to respond, but they were very disorganized!
5	Absolutely awesome food and service. Their Valentines menu was thoughtfully prepared and wonderfully served. The filet with Cabernet sauce should be a regular item on the menu. Hugo is attentive to all the guests and does a great job of describing the specials for the evening. Great place for a romantic dinner!
1	Terrible, i mean TERRIBLE service.  this place is an absolute joke.  food is almost as bad as the service.  $4 for a tiny taco and no sides.  insane.  this place will be out of biz very soon.
5	Owned by a serious, James Beard nominee, this is high taste, funky fun for killer Mexican food.  We sat at the bar, and joked with the cool bartenders for a while; all the time trying a myriad of different tacos.  Every single one was great!  This is the real deal, with a creative edge.
3	I went to Barrio Queen with my girlfriend on a Wednesday around 3. Apart from a woman dining alone we were the only ones there. The food was great but like other reviewers I thought the price and the service were not that great.Service:The staff was very friendly, but for having next to no one in at the time, they were very slow. Between asking what the taco of the day was, and actually ordering, our waitress left and came back about 3 times. With no one else there, whom she was serving or what she was doing was a mystery. First we ordered drinks, a Victoria and a house margarita. They came after some time. We followed it up with a round of 4 tacos and an order of guacamole. The tacos came a little slow and one at a time, which was hilarious. Definitely the funniest part about eating here. I had mine before my girlfriend even got hers. While eating we ordered another round of tacos still wondering when the guac would arrive. I asked the waitress if it had been forgotten, prompting her to return with it after we had finished our meal.Food:Food is where Barrio Queen gets it right. For all the faults of the service, it was more than made up for in quality. Every taco we ordered was delicious. We ordered at least one of each type, between steak, pork, chicken, and fish, they were all well made. The quality of meat is very good and the variety is unbeatable. The accompanying salsas are flavorful and have a bit of a kick to them. Despite getting the guac after we finished eating, it was still delicious (really would have been nice to eat it WITH the tacos, I cannot stress this enough). The guac is done particularly well and is filled with refreshing pomegranate seeds, think Barrio Cafe in central phoenix. Though I only ordered one drink, their house margarita, it was well mixed and very good (as for the rest of the booze, they had a cool mix of tequilas).Price:The price of our meal was more absurd than the idea of a person handing you tacos one by one for an hour and a half (which happened). Our middle of the day lunch meal, about 4 tacos each, guac, and drinks, was a bill upwards of $50. Although it's quite obvious to see where the money goes when you take a look at the prices, it's a bit insulting for what they give you, (but then again that's sort of Scottsdale's whole vibe).If Pink Taco and Gallo Blanco had a child, that then grew up to be an asshole, it would be Barrio Queen. Oh, and I also ordered the same taco twice, and got two different things, which was hilarious, but I liked it.
4	As long time friends & fans of Barrio Cafe, my husband and I were anxious to determine whether the downer reviews of BQ were for real...It's hard to believe that Silvana would allow her name and work to be compromised. Alas, after our visit today at lunch, we were very relieved to enjoy a very nice meal that represented Silvana well. We ordered three wonderful tacos (fish, chicken y chorizo, and shrimp), chile verde, a mole tamale (the mole was AWESOME) and some very tasty guacamole. My husband is a chile verde connoisseur (which means he eats it a LOT) and said the flavors were rich and complex, and better than traditional chile verde. The black beans that came with his chile verde were *clearly* made from scratch, with an unmistakably homemade flavor.  I have yet to determine if we are salt deprived or if restaurants in general err on the side of less salt -- it is a matter of personal taste -- and with a couple of dashes of salt, the flavors of our meal delighted us. For full disclosure, we did not have any alcoholic beverages (loved the water with thick, juicy lemon slices...mmm!)  and found that the price of lunch was very reasonable, considering our "full" factor when we were finished. My husband and I had been to this location when it was a French bistro (which I really did not like, mostly because of the ambience/layout of the restaurant) but Silvana has done a fantastic job of creating a fun, stylish, and festive atmosphere. I'm looking forward to visiting again!PS As for the naysayers like Jordan -- who I believe sat behind us at lunch (the guy bitching about the size of the tacos before he even ordered one?) -- sometimes people just bring their unhappiness with them wherever they go...If you want a "big" taco for $2, Taco Bell awaits you...
2	I live in California and I have strict expectations about tacos. Barrio Queen failed to meet those expectations.First, we were handed drink menus once we were seated. We were then told by our server that they no longer offered anything on the drink menus. Why the tease?Their taco menu, though extensive, was overwhelming and superfluous. Our table tried some of the more exotic tacos such as the cactus and some mushroom thing. Both were next to inedible. The mushroom taco in particular was one of the worst things I've ever put in my mouth. The chorizo taco was good, but not $2.75-for-two-bites-good. We tried some of the other menu items and the inadequacy in flavor was only compounded by their egregious pricing.I would not consider coming back and would not recommend this place to anyone. Go to a real taqueria instead.
2	Silvana, what happened? Its hard for me to believe that the same chef who opened the Barrio Cafe owns this restaurant. I have been looking forward for over a month to try your new restaurant. I went to lunch today and was not greeted or even acknowledged for about 5 minutes. There were less than 10 people eating outside and 2 eating inside. After finally being seated, I waited 20 minutes to order two very expensive taco's and a coke. It took another 15 minutes to get the two taco's the size of a bite size snickers bar that cost $4 a piece? The service is really atrocious, thats the simple truth. I looked over at the Marcelino's patio and wished I was over there eating lunch to be honest. I think its time for the owner to get back involved with her business, or its sure to close just like the Casablanca lounge. There is just no room in the restaurant business for the current Barrio Queen.
1	This place was horrible. I've heard so much about the Barrio Cafe in Phoenix but this place ruined my Saturday night dinner. Margaritas are small and food was disgusting.
2	We went to Barrio Queen yesterday for lunch. The decor is really cool, and I liked the art work and old school barrio feeling. However, the dining experience overall was average. At the price point and with all the hype that Barrio Cafe gets, I was expecting more. We started with the Bloody Mary's - with no garnishes - as the the bartender told us he was out of them at the bar (but never went to the kitchen or asked other waitstaff for more. BTW - we were the only ones at the bar). We moved from the bar outside to the patio where we ordered guacamole. It was basically 8 chips and two tablespoons of guac on a tiny salad plate - not sized to share for an appetizer in my opinion. The menu was extensive and taco "sushi-style" menu was cool but pricey. We went instead with the carnitas burrito. It was drier than expected and lacked flavor. It sure doesn't stand up to the carnitas burritos at America's Taco Shop or Gallo Blanco. I hope this restaurant improves as it is a nice addition to the Scottsdale waterfront area. But we unfortunately won't be rushing back or recommending it.
3	As with many places in Scottsdale, especially in old town Scottsdale, which is very much a "survival of the fittest" sort of place for restaurants, there was at least one prior culinary resident of the location in which you will now find this establishment. It was a restaurant with a focus on New Orleans style cuisine and more on the higher end of fine dining while Barrio Queen definitely, while still having that sort of old town Scottsdale polish from being in an area filled with high incomes, it also has a more casual New Mexico/Arizona sort of feel that I think is a distinct positive. It also has quite a bit of outside seating which unfortunately was filled up when I went by with friends around 3 pm, and so we ended up being seated inside which, at the same time, gave me a chance to watch the operational capabilities of the servers and waitstaff.First of all, and this may have been due to some sort of festival going on in old town Scottsdale, but the workforce seemed stretched a bit thin relative to the amount of customers. My table ordered drinks and app and then the drinks were finished and...no waiter....I finally got up (and this is why the inside table was good) and just ordered from the bartender directly to get a fresh set of drinks. So, don't know if this was a one time thing or or a more common experience for diners but something the management of Barrio Queen needs to watch. I will note that the bus staff was quite helpful and nice to see how they worked to sort of fill the gap, keep the table clean of used glasses and dishes, offered to bring fresh silverware, etc.First off, the drinks, the regular margarita is okay and $3 a glass during happy hour and you can get Sangria (red and white) by he pitcher for about $20 and same for the margaritas. I wasn't overly impressed with the sangria roja and my friend had the suave made with jalapeno infused tequila and fresh fruit juices, not my thing but an experience. Overall all cocktails were between $8 and $12 which is a fairly reasonable price for this area.As for the food, for the appetizers we had the choriqueso, which is sort of a Mexican cheese fondue with crumbled mexican sausage. The chips are not corn chips but fresh fried quartered slides of tortilla that stand up well to the melted cheese dip. We also had the guacamole, which tends to be of a melange of guacamole and red onion and about $6. I would raise the price a bit and provide more guacamole and honestly, wasn't too jazzed on the guacamole recipe and think they might want to check out the guacamole at Mucho Gusto in Tempe as a comparison, which stands out, for me, as a significantly better mix and also, the chips at Mucho Gusto, for whatever reason,  a lot better.We did have the family style entree which is for two or more and comes with unlimited supply of epazote black beans (quite good, big thumbs up), mexican cole slaw (seems like it had lettuce and tomatoes in it, more like a soggy salad, not really my favorite but good for you), and the these small, fresh made, street taco size corn tortillas and wow, those are amazing....they are fresh made and taste like it and to me, that is a real stand out that you don't see at other places. Canteen on Mill, which mades great street tacos, doesn't have one's like these and the fresh made corn tortillas are worth a visit, I give big kuddos to Barrio Queen for offering this sort of fresh authentic fair.Finally, for the entrees, we had the mole, which is shredded chicken in a mole sauce. My friend who loves mole sauce said it was good but overly oily, whatever that means, but I thought it was doesn't though I'm not a big lover of mole. We also had the barrio pollo, which comes in a cream sauce with green peppers, I thought that was good, though the chicken was in strips, not shredded, which would have been better. Finally, we had the cochinita pibil which is slow roasted pork with pico de gallo and pickled onions and it was fairly good.So, back to the review, 3 starts because well, at this experience, the wait service just wasn't all that great and it may be my only experience since a restaurant I do love, the herb box, is within walking distance but I think that over time as long as management is self-reflective, this place may continue to improve. I'm looking at Alex F's review from 02/23 and see he went when they were not busy and the service was still not great. Well, if they don't get the service situation down, especially in the highly competitive market in which this place is located, in a year or two we might all be reviewing whatever new eating establishment has taken the place of this one, such is the life of restaurants in old town Scottsdale, and boy will I miss those little fresh made corn tortillas.
2	Unbelievably slow service, do not go here for lunch if want to get back on time, servers do not care about service.
4	AWESOME!  A pitcher of Margaritas. The guacamole is not what you might expect, but REALLY good. Carnitas, fajitas, enchiladas...amazing sauces, unique appetizers..indoor or outdoor dining. Service good, could be better. Take a walk along the waterfront after dinner.
1	By far worst service, wait staff, and management in the valley, poor attitude, from the front of the house to manager.. Food very average. Over All. Poor dining experience.  Don't waste your time.. Can you take away stars. ? No never mind they don't have any.
4	Good service. Food was good, but not great. Liked the little tacos.
1	My fiance was raving about this place at lunch so we decided to try it for dinner. We love mexican food and wish there was more around Scottsdale.This ended up being a weird experience for us! Let's start from the beginning...Go up to the hostess and ask to sit outside as its a perfect night.  She apologetically shook her head no and explained there were reservations coming to fill the tables we saw open.  No big deal right, so we sit inside where we were lead to a corner table by the window. After about 2mins I noticed the AC was blaring. I figured I could stick it out, not like it is 110 outside yet! After looking at the menu which was explained to us the sangria sounded refreshing. Come to find out you have to order a $29 pitcher or a single cup that happens to have jack daniels in it. I don't know too much about sangria, but I know I don't like jack and couldn't get the kind in a pitcher by the glass...I ordered the Arizona Burrito it came with green chile pork or red with cheese and enchilada sauce on top. I ordered the green chile pork.After ordering our food the cold becomes a bit much.  I look over and a plant by the door had leaves blowing the AC was so strong. Not wanting to complain we ask our server if the air could be turned down a little.  She reports she has to ask the manager to turn it down.  She comes back and reports the manager said it can't be turned down but told his we can move across the way and it's still her section. My wine finally arrives not long after we moved, less frigged area by the way! The food wait time was pretty average.First glance at my burrito there was green sauce on top, no big deal as I ordered green chile right...as I cut into my burrito the meat was red chile...thinking maybe they mixed up my order as my impression of what I ordered is green chile pork on the inside and red sauce on top of the burrito, I think maybe I read the menu wrong or maybe they meant salsa verde is green chile sauce. IDK! regardless, not wanting to complain and starving I ate it! quite delicious with just the right amount of spice!Halfway into my burrito I pick up the next bite and hear a HUGE shatter in my head...my fiance asked 'was that a bone?' shocked I shake my head no! spitting everything out of my mouth into a napkin I see a piece of PLATE! i bit a piece of plate and even broke off a piece! checking my teeth I was relieved to not have broken any! We call the server over who apologizes we know its not her fault.  She said she let mgmt know.  She came back took my plate, offered to give us dessert which we refused, said that never happens, and asked us not to not ever come back because of this! needless to say our meal was comp, and the manager never did come over. hopefully he was in the kitchen alerting the staff about the bottom of the plate rims which according to the server protrude and are fragile...what a dining experience, and after all was done I was still hungry so we went and O got appetizers somewhere else!More disappointed about how it was handled with Mgmt...who gets plate pieces in their burrito!?
3	We're here to judge mostly on the food itself, so that's why I'm giving 3 stars (otherwise I might do 2). Overall, pretty much everything we ordered was on the level of pretty good to really good. I had the mole game hen - the mole was tasty (although I'm confused why they used such a small bird basically whole on a dish where the sauce is the main component - either break down the bird or use larger pieces of chicken. It's about the sauce!). We ordered a number of appetizers, tacos, entrees, etc, and pretty much everything was good. The one exception was the Tacos al Pastor, which were not good at all. Tacos al pastor is my barometer for mexican joints, and this one totally failed; it was drenched in hot sauce and the marinade for the overcooked pork was just not good. Oh and they used pineapple out of a can.There were a number of stumbling blocks that unfortunately seem institutionalized and not just a one-night fluke kind of thing. For example, I tried to order the Cochinita Pibil - the very first thing on the menu and an item with a "try this" next to it - early on a Saturday night, and they were out. How are you out of one of your main dishes at the beginning of a Saturday night??? Now on to the real critique - margaritas and tequila. First of all, our waiter tried to talk us into a really expensive tequila to use in the margaritas. I get it, they want you to buy it, but come on, what's the point in really pushing us? We're not drinking it straight, the tequila doesn't have to be great.But I could get over that if it weren't for the sheer lack of tequila overall that they use. Our waiter informed us that they use 5 shots of tequila (you only pay for four though!) in a pitcher of margaritas (6-7 glasses). That's right, for $32, you get 7 margaritas that have less than a shot of tequila each! Let's do the math: 5 / 7 = 0.71 shots per glass. 0.71 x 1.5 oz per shot x 40% alc = 0.43 oz pure alc per glass. 0.43 / 8 total oz = 5.4% alcohol! Let me repeat that, for $32 you get a pitcher of margaritas that has BARELY MORE ALCOHOL THAN BUDWEISER (5% ABV). A true margarita should have 12-20% alcohol. What the deal here?Overall, the food is pretty decent, except the tacos. Just don't waste your time drinking.
5	Perfect atmosphere on the patio and excellent food. We just wanted a light bite so we ordered a half dozen different tacos and some pico de gallo with shrimp and avocado. (not sure what it was called?) We loved every bit of it. The service was great. Friendly and walked us through the menu. I highly recommend Barrio Queen! We'll be back soon!
3	The food was good. A must have is the chili verde fries. Great green chili. The downfall is the prices.  The tacos ate really mini tacos for $4 a piece. Prob won't be back due to cost.
1	The service here was OK the first time we went but the kitchen was out of everything, even tortillas!  I realized everyone has a bad day and really wanted to give them a second chance.  I went back the other night and was just as disappointed in the service and quality of the food.  The one thing they do great is the guacamole.  With that said, the quality of the other dishes was sub-par.  The pork was so tough it was almost beef jerky like.  The chicken was dry and flavorless.  The Fish on the tacos was soggy and cold.  The server was so overly pushy with trying to get me to buy the most expensive tequila for a margarita that I just changed my drink order to water.Overall, for the prices they charge one would expect well seasoned, properly cooked, and overall nicely plated food.  That's just not the case.  It's been bland, tough, cold, dry and disappointing every time I've tried it.  This place could do so much better and really be a great place to eat with a large group of friends or on a romantic date.  The kitchen doesn't seem to care and the wait staff just wants to up-sell and is not very knowledgeable with questions about the menu.I gave Barrio Queen two chances, and will not give it a third.  I can not recommend Barrio Queen at all.
5	Rounding up to 5 stars for the fresh, tasty and inspired dishes that aren't too "creative" or Americanized.  Oh, and the best sangria I have ever had.We did breakfast here (and I'd done other meals here before yelp came along).  Outstanding flavors.  The enchiladas with shredded chicken, another with mole, topped with fried eggs and sided with beans and potatoes.  Delish.  My partner (a serious mole fan) raved about the sauce.Enthusiastic services, beautiful locale and, oh...The sangria: crisp, flavorful and on the job.  Simply refreshing.
3	The food was pretty good the tacos were OK not the best I've had. The table side GUACAMOLE is to die for but that's about it. the service was okay but seems like the waiters are either drunk or on something especially Chico.. I think it was very rude that waiters were surrounding themselves around groups of woman who came in and it took 20 minutes for us to get water because they were talking to these women. we were also stuck at a very small table againest the wall where everyone was walking by and going to the restroom. One of the managers was very rude I don't think we will be going back here at all.
4	Three of my friends and I went in to Barrio Queen as an in between before our next destination one night. The place was pretty slow and it was a perfect night so we sat on the patio. Our server came to greet us pretty quickly but I take it that might have to do with the fact that we were one of three tables outside. In any case, he was very attentive throughout the hour or so we were there.We ordered four drinks that were a little pricy but worth every cent. They were amazing! This was a few weeks ago so I can't quite remember exactly the names but they were delicious. Fresh ingredients and a good amount of booze. The server made the guacamole table side and it was awesome. Figs, fresh avocado, apricot, chives, tomato among other ingredients made an awesome end result. I give it a 4 star review because even though we didn't have a full meal, given what we did have when we were there, everything was great. I'll definitely have to give it another go around for dinner just to solidify the rating as I have a tendency to be very forgiving. :)
2	My 2 cents: WTF kind of mexican place does not serve salsa?  We met a group of 10 here for a bday dinner/ drinks patio thing on a Saturday night.  I was looking forward to trying it after looking at the menu online.  I first ordered a skinny marg and liked that just fine.  We had a few apps, guac that was nice but not better than Gallo Blanco or the Mission, and a few quesadillas.  When I flagged down our server to ask for salsa with our aracherra quesadilla, she looked apologetic as she explained that they do not serve salsa, just Tapatio in the bottle.  Excuse me?  It's like the chef's saying a big F You!, my food is so good it doesn't need salsa.  I can assure you though, it was definitely lacking some flavor that a well executed salsa or two could have provided.  I felt cheated.  I will go to a place based on their salsa appeal alone.  It's a crime akin to a sushi restaurant saying they do not serve soy sauce, it just doesn't make sense.  The service could have been a little better, but it was a Saturday night, and we were a big group keeping them busy with cocktail orders, so it was forgivable.  I did ask for the consolation prize Tapatio which never came.  Although I am admittedly salsa obsessed, even others in my party commented on how weird the salsa prohibition was.  Especially my friend who ordered the aracherra tacos, he thought they were dry and were definitely missing something in there.  Four tacos also came out on one plate, with no side plates, even though two different gentleman ordered them.  When we asked the food runner about it, he said everything was "family style".  You know how dudes are with their food, especially when you are sitting at opposing ends of the table and don't really know each other "family style" well.  I teased my friend seated next to me that I hoped other dude washed his hands before handling his tacos in the family style melee, but I digress.  The highlight of the experience was the Michelada I ordered with Modelo Especial which was made perfectly.  Probably one of the best I have ever had.  I ordered a second one, and this is definitely something I could envision myself coming back for, maybe during happy hour.  I know we didn't try any of the more complex dinner items, but really - I just can't get past the salsa ban so I doubt I will in the future.
1	Pricey. No salsa available. Servers are very pushy and up sell everything, telling you you don't know what a "real" tamale is- oh please educate me because yours are awful. Food was fresh but tasted awful. One good thing=the guac.Pass on this one!
2	Strange layout that makes you think you got the worst table in the house no matter what table you're at.  Wait staff and the General Manager (WTF?) standing around doing nothing in a mostly empty restaurant while customers wait and wait.  It all comes off as the biggest tourist trap on Stetson Ave, even though the original Barrio Cafe is a local institution, and the prices are actually very reasonable.  Food and margaritas were all amazing, but  when the front of the house doesn't seem to care if I'm there I won't be back.
3	Location - 4 StarsDecor - 4 StarsFood - 3.5 StarsService - 2 StarsThe food was pretty good and reasonably priced...nothing like Barrio Cafe, but I truly wasn't expecting that.  The downfall of this place is the service.  Our server never really checked up on us and we needed to wait to long for drinks to come out.  I am hopeful they will get the kinks worked out and this place will succeed.
5	This was our favorite meal during our Scottsdale vacation.  We had breakfast and it was fantastic.  Such an innovative menu and everything  we had was delish.  Even an order of   decaf coffee was french pressed and served in a very large pot.  It was wonderful coffee and I am very hard to please.  I wish we had Mexican food like this in Ashland.
2	Love the location, that's about it!!!! The food was so, so and  If I am going to spend $24 on a lunch item ( the Chile Reno ) and $8 for a virgin marg,  I would except to have chips and salsa on my table without having to order a side of guacamole just to get some chips. They do not serve just chips and salsa........... bad move on the chefs part !! If you want to be cool and creative, then you might want to do it in a way that doesn't rip the guests off....... we will most certainly not go back. Too many other great choices in the valley that have much better food and that I don't have to feel like I just got taken to the cleaners  !!!
1	I was really excited to try out Barrio Queen having been to the Barrio Cafe and loved that experience. I especially raved about the guac to my friends and we all agreed to go there for Cinco de Mayo. Overall the food was average, the drinks decent but the service was AWFUL. We got there on May 5th at about 3pm. The restaurant was pretty empty when we arrived but was packed by dinner time. The good stuff: they do have great happy hour specials with 2 tacos for $3, $3 drafts and $3 casa margs. And that's about it. The rest of the menu is pretty pricey, both for drinks and for food. The conchinita pibil is delicious and certainly worth it's reputation. The tacos were pretty tasteless and very dry (like "eating jerky" dry). No matter what some of the servers say, they actually do have salsa there so get either the red or green, it makes the tacos so much better. The casa marg is OK, but hardly a stand out. However the red sangria is really tasty. They put a mango puree at the bottom and it's light and refreshing without being too sweet. One of my friends is really into tequilas and the restaurant stocks over 300 varieties. She was really happy on that score. Unfortunately the service was terrible and turned what should have been a 2 hour 'drinks and dinner' event into a 5 hour saga. Bottom line, there are too many other places in the Valley that are really good, reasonably priced and have consistently good service. I hope they get their service issues sorted but it will be a long long time before I ever end up back there.The service *sigh* If it weren't for the bizarre service I would probably have given this place 3 stars because of the sangria and the conchinita pibil. Anyway, the hostess was MIA when we arrived to the restaurant and it took almost 20 minutes just to find her. We then sat at our table for 15 minutes before our server finally came over.So the first thing we ordered was the guac and chips. I've had the guacamole at the Barrio Cafe and it is awesome. The guac at Barrio Queen was almost all onions tossed in a little bit of avocado. We also watched, perplexed, as the tables after us all had their chips and guac prepared table-side, with the option of customizing the ingredients. We were not offered this option so I asked our server if I had ordered the wrong appetizer. She said that she had been too busy earlier (when the restaurant was empty) and just had the kitchen "throw it together" for her. We asked if we could have some salsa to go with our guac and she said they didn't make salsas at the Barrio Queen. What kind of Mexican restaurant doesn't have salsa? Turns out the 2nd page of the menu says that they have bottomless salsas. We asked a different server and he brought out a red and a green salsa. FYI, they do not have a chips & salsa app but they do have little sides of salsa which we weren't charged for. I guess the trick was to ask for salsa *only* because if you use the words 'chips' and 'salsa' in the same sentence they'll tell you they "don't do that." So bizarre.It routinely took half an hour from the time we ordered a round of drinks until they all arrived. When we asked how the drinks were coming along several times they told us that the keg was being changed out. OK, I admit I don't know much about beverage distribution but I've never heard of margaritas or sangria being served from kegs. We had to flag people down to get our water refreshed, no one ever offered. They also wouldn't clear away empty glasses or plates unless we asked. At one point we had 13 empty glasses on the not-very-big-to-begin-with table.When our food arrived we noticed that the plate had chorizo tacos, not the carnitas that we ordered. The server said he knew that(!) but the servers had been told the happy hour tacos were carnitas while the kitchen had been told they would be chorizo. We started to say we didn't want chorizo and he just walked away. We flagged down our actual server and he said we had to keep the chorizo tacos even though no one wanted them. He did eventually apologize for the mistake and we got the carnitas tacos and at the happy hour price.
1	I truly anticipated that Barrio Queen would become one of my favorite restaurants upon walking in. Awesome decor and concept with the taco menu resembling a sushi menu where you mark off which you'd like to try. Then we met the waitress & it all went downhill from there... Just the thought of this place makes me sick now!I ordered a martini & after tasting it, my entire table of avid tequila drinkers decided that there was tequila in it. No big deal, we'll just order another one, right?! Wrong. The waitress was so rude and sarcastic stating that there was NO tequila in it, in fact she made it herself. Okay? Ordered a round of tacos, they were fine. Nothing inspiring. Ordered tableside guac, they didn't make it tableside for us but they did for a nearby table. Chips WAY too greasy. We were still hungry so we ordered chicken enchiladas. They were cold, disgusting, and here's the kicker... I found a long dark hair right in the middle... VOM! We were clearly done at that point, and when we politely showed the waitress the hair she says, "That's so weird, I don't think there's anyone who even works here with long dark hair..." Hahahahaha! At a mexican restaurant?! *Cue 5 different employees walking by our table with long dark hair before we leave* Laughable. She didn't apologize or comp anything for us. Had she done that, I might have tried Barrio Queen again and given it a second chance but since the service was so incredibly poor and the food totally subpar I won't ever waste my time again! If you want amazing mexican food try La Hacienda at The Princess or The Mission.
1	First, I love Cafe Barrio.  The experience has always been top notch.Unfortunately Barrio Queen completely missed the mark.  I didn't want to like it, I wanted to love it!  Wet arrived about 7 last Friday night.  My partner was very excited because he loves CB.  I liked the interior, it was fun, playful and half-hazzard like CB.  Mike didn't like it, he thought they were trying to hard.  Our friends from Denver liked the interior well enough.The experience... the waiters, servers, staff all looked busy, looked is the operative word.  The restaurant was less than half full and the staff looked harried and rushed.  When we got to our seats on the patio we all thought what a great night, beautiful weather, fun exciting place and we know the food is good at CB so it should be great here.  We playfully talked to our waiter... which I guess was the wrong thing to do.  Our friends love to laugh and flirt and push boundaries, our waiter was short, abrupt and acted offended.  I reminded him that he was working for tips, then he conveniently remembered he is/was in the service industry.We had to ask for water repeatedly, and finally our waiter said "I told the buss boy to get you water..."   Unfortunately this sums up the waiter experience.  The bus boys were standing at the end of the bar talking... all night... which explains why we waited for thirty minutes to get water.We ordered the choriqueso and the guacamole for appetizers.  When it came out the choriqueso was a monster bowl of cheese with some spicy sausage which was tasty if a bit overwhelmingly large.  The guacamole was surprising, it came in a very small bowl.  Usually at CB they come to the table and make the guac table side with flourish and panache.  Then I noticed that two tables were there the quac was being made table side... I looked at the tables to see what the difference was and it was glaringly obvious.  Not one of the four of us had boobs.  Then I looked at all of the staff, excluding the two women at the front desk who were wonderful by the way everyone else was male.  The servers went out of their way to make the quac for the tables with ladies but the tables with men we got a quarter order of guac made in the kitchen... reverse discrimination or homophobia... either option sucks.  Unfortunately it didn't stop with the guac...For dinner Mike ordered the enchiladas de pollo.  I ordered off the "sushi" taco sheet the cochnita pibil tacos (great idea, love the concept). Our friends from Denver split the 16 de septiembre chiles rellenos.  Mike was disappointed by his enchiladas, they were not very flavorful and the plate looked like a Chopped Chef threw everything on the plate just to be done in time.  My tacos were as expected, similar to CB good flavor but the same IronChopped Chef ran out of time on my plate.  The chiles rellenos were the highlight, the chef took time to make sure it looked great.  The boys from Denver loved it.Dessert... the same chef who ran out of time plating Mike's and my plates also ran out of time and I think some ingredients for the churros.  At CB they finish the plate with some ice-cream which (I know it sounds funny) cuts the sweetness of the caramel.  It was sorely missed.  Unfortunately when we left Mike and I said to each other that the food and the experience was not worth the drive or money (we live by the Biltmore) and if we wanted the food CB was a better bet.  It is a shame really, it is a great space, in a really nice area but it misses the mark by quite a bit.  Our bill was just over 120 for the four of us.  Yes I had two margaritas which were good but 120 plus tip?  Two apps, three entrees and two desserts... 120 plus tip for Mexican food?  CB is worth it BQ... not so much.  I truly hope they can get the staff trained to be as professional and friendly as CB to all patrons not just those with boobs.  Yes, Phoenix is more diverse than Scottsdale but great service should extend to all patrons regardless of mammary  glands.  I also hope they can get the kitchen staff to take time, slow down and make the food look great (especially when the restaurant is only half full).  The flavors are mostly there, the plating enhances the experience and visually adds to the food.
2	I've given lots of high/low reviews. This one is towards the middle. You can't nail them on anything in particular, either good or bad. The menu is aiming high(er). The food (what I had) is not bad at all, but then it's not cheap. It certainly didn't blow my mind; nowhere close. I think this is just the place you go for a date or to drink alcohol and to see and be seen. If that's your priority, then you'll probably be plenty satisfied. Then again, that would make you a narcissistic bleach-blonde sock-puppet incapable of good taste. I certainly got the feeling from the waitstaff that I was being ranked, and when the bill was not adding up quickly enough, their attention drifted away from me. I kinda hate that, especially since I worked in restaurants, and I know that tips are a self-fulfilling prophecy most of the time. Anyway, not hitting them too hard, because everyone just managed to do what they had to within a slim margin of error. No real complaints. Enjoy those margaritas, sock-puppets!
1	This place is an embarrassment to Mexican food. You couldn't pay me to come back here. The food was disappointing and the service was weak. Can't wait to see what replaces this dump in a few months.
5	Love this place! Today's visit was the second time i have been here. WOW! Appetizer: Guacamole ****MY FAVORITE GUACAMOLE EVER!****Taco's: Barrio Pollo & Chorizo taco was amazing, Arrachera con Relleno was great and the Carnitas taco was good. Service was great, food was extremely tasty and i will definitely be going back. (Side note: They have outdoor seating and are dog friendly.)
4	I visited Scottsdale for a week (never been to Arizona before).  I arrived on Sunday and stopped in Barrio Queen for lunch.  Service was very friendly and on point.  I was by myself and sat at a table.  My waitress took the time to actually talk to me even though she had many other tables she was waiting.  I ordered off the taco menu (very extensive with many different choices).  I liked that it was almost like ordering sushi where I had to mark what I wanted on a paper menu.  Food came quickly and service was with a smile.  I liked the place so much, that I returned later in the week (5 days later to be exact).  This time I came for dinner and sat at the bar since I was again eating alone and I hate taking up a table when there are bigger parties that could make better use of said table.  As I walked up to the front door, I was greeted by the hostest.  She quickly pointed out that she remembered me from earlier in the week.  I thought this was very impressive since I had only ever been there once and I'm sure she sees a ton of people coming and going while seating people.  As I said before I sat at the bar.  Bartender was very friendly.  He was talkative, but not overly like some bartenders tend to get...where it sometimes gets annoying.  He suggested a beer for me to try since I wasn't sure what I wanted to drink and I'm pretty open to trying new things.  He even took the time to give me the history of that very beer brand.  As I was looking over the menu, a waitress that was not even working my area stopped and looked over my shoulder as she was waiting for drinks from the bar.  She made a few suggestions for things I should try and pointed out what her favorites where.  I didn't even ask and here the staff was going out of their way to make my experience a  good one.  When you work in any industry, customer service is the KEY to success!!!  I did take her advice and ordered a chicken dish that she had suggested.  I REALLY loved it!!!  I will definitely recommend Barrio Queen to others visiting the area!!!
2	I read the reviews on yelp prior to going, yet I could not get over the slow service and marginal food.  We had a party of 16 and it would appear that the staff was just out to lunch for the 3 hour dinner party.  It was Saturday night and it wasn't a full house so I was unsure what the staff was focused on.  I had a bunch of small tacos which were ok, the Salsa was good, just not chunky and hard to enjoy for all because we were not given spoons. The corona was served cold.
4	Barrio Queen has excellent food. Their table side guacamole and tacos are wonderful! If you want great food for a great price, this is the place to go. However, the service is slow and the owner doesn't really seem to have interest in her customers. The owner also stopped serving chips and salsa as she wanted to represent a "real mexican food restaurant." I think this was a terrible idea. All in all, Barrio Queen is in a fun location and the food makes it worth coming back!
2	Everything about this place was mediocre - except the service which was excellent.  The food was definitely not anything memorable.  Not bad but not great.  I haven't been to the original Barrio in ages but, my memory says it is much better.
4	My husband and I ate here last Saturday evening. Kind of early for hip crowd but late for older crowd. From our initial contact with the hostesses through cleaning up crew everyone was friendly, helpful and gave us just the right amount of attention. Food was fabulous. We will definitely go back.
2	Beau did a solo revisit. Tacos underwhelming and service uninspiring. That sums it up folks.
4	First off let me just talk about the elephant in the room here. Service. We have heard stories about the service at the Barrio Queen but let me tell you, our server was very knowledgeable, helpful and attentive... even standing in as a camera director for us! He also makes a mean guacamole!This definitely is a must. must. try. item. The guacamole is hand-made at your table and by far the most surprising and delicious guac we have had. What makes it so special, the dried cranberries. Yep, you heard us. They are a sweet touch and made this guac a real stand-out. Our only regret was the chips, they are home-made as well, but a bit thick for our taste.Next up, the tacos. If you love some street tacos, this is definitely the Happy Hour for you. With over 30 tacos listed on a check off sheet (similar to ordering sushi) there is certainly something for everyone here. The tacos are organized by category; chicken & seafood, pork, beef, vegetarian. For Happy Hour Barrio Queen selects two of the tacos and offers them at $3/2 tacos, which changes daily, the remainder of the tacos vary in price from $2.50 - $4.50. Happy Hour runs daily from 2 - 7 pm every day but Monday (they are closed on Monday for the summer months).Read the entire review here... http://schmoozeaz.com/blog/?p=875
4	We were big fans of Silvana's original restaurant, Barrio Cafe.  And then we moved further away and didn't get there quite so often. We were very happy when Barrio Queen opened. We like it.  Each time we've gone, we've been promptly greeted and seated. The staff has been very professional and courteous.  The food tastes really good. Lots of flavor and interesting ingredients.  And the margaritas are out of this world.
5	Silvana is the best most innovative Mexican chef on the planet as far as I am concerned. I am talking authentic high quality ingredients blended with  great love and  super creative artistry.This is not americanized super sized mexican.This IS  a heavenly experience!!!!!!!!! save a seat for me at the bar i plan to work my way through the menu one sublime bite at a time
5	Given the ancient Mexico/modern Scottsdale mashup on Barrio Queen's website, I figured it would be too trendy for me, but I ventured in around noon on two occasions and found it perfectly down-to-earth. Maybe that early hour helps avoid the service woes that are noted in some reviews.I stuck with tacos on both occasions to sample more things. The ingredients excelled on their own (as in the cochinita pobil) but were even more memorable in unexpected combinations. The best item was the taco with smoked salmon, egg and cactus - while I'm not the most fusion-friendly customer in the word this was a fascinating merger of things not usually found together.
5	Barrio Cafe in Phoenix and Barrio Queen have the best stylized  Mexican food in the state. They use healthy ingredients and they make their dishes with a fusion twist. I highly recommend their guacamole. I typically can't stand guac and I love it here. At Barrio Queen, they also have a sushi style street taco menu. It is fantastic and I find myself ordering on here more often than not. Highly recommend!
4	Not sure what all the complaining is about. I have been to Barrio Queen twice. First time was when they had just opened and will admit, it was a bit of a mess but the food was still tastey. The taco list was a bit overwhelming. But this time, my husband and I went on a Saturday afternoon and had a GREAT experience. In fact, because of my high alert due to the not so great reviews on Yelp, I paid special attention to those diners that were leaving (as we sat near the door).  I observed and overheard their attitude and comments to the host. I did not hear a single negative comment or see a single look of disappointment.  In fact, it was the opposite. Diners were expressing how delicious the food was with hearty "thank you, we will return", "will you take our picture in front of your "barrio queen" painting?" and my personal favorite "can we speak to the manager to let him know how great our experience was...our server was awesome!"We ordered the Pollo y Chorizo Tacos to share and they were yums! I would probably order JUST these and a house margarita - which were also very tastey. In addition, we order the Elote (bowl of corn, cannot recall the exact menu item name) and the mexican style fries that are listed on the appetizer menu, again, sorry I cannot recall and cannot access the menu on their website to reference. Our server was attentive and knowledgable, the atmosphere less hectic than the first time around and the menu has been refined to be easier to read and not so over-the-top as far as choices and number of items. This may quickly become our new place for street style tacos and margaritas. We have to check out Taco Tuesday for SURE very soon.Run don't walk to Barrio Queen for a cool atmosphere, a refreshing margarita and some tastey Pollo y Chorizo Tacos!
5	Really enjoyed this off shoot of the PHX Barrio.    Great tequila selection that was at first a lot to comprehend but my server Karen guided me through with ease.   Excellent selection of tacos from "al pastor" to "salmon y arrachera"  - my favorite.   Highly recommend and I'm a native - i've eaten a billion tacos.  Sit in Karen's section if you want to navigate all the highlights this place offers - she's awesome.   The location has been many things and I hope and believe this one will stick.   Cheers to you Barrio Queen.
4	I'd give it 5 stars but the drinks are spendy.   Not sure why people are saying the drinks are watered down.  If you like a traditional margarita from scratch that is what it tastes like.  The star is supposed to be the requila and it is.  I even added a shot of grand manier and it was awesome.   The tacos are like 3-4.50 each.  The steak taco's are incredible especially the one with the fried egg.  the staff was VERY friendly.  we were greeted with huge smiles by everyone.  Everyoen is friendly.   there is a queso dip that is not on the menu! I loved it my friend didn't and they even took it off th ebill becasue she didnt.  So service is excellent.  I will go back again for sure.  I already called a friend and said we need to go for happy hour.    Also there is 3!!!! pages of tequila there to add to your margarita or drink straight and there is even oen for $80.  I didnt try it.   I am not sure what the reviewer who spent 175 bucks ordered.  There were 3 of us for lunch and it was 32 after tip.
3	My fiance said I should write a review.    I replied that the restaurant didn't strike me as good or bad.  It was pretty middle of the road.2.5 stars for me.Service was fine.   No real complaints or compliments there.Food.  During happy hour, you get 2 tacos for $3 Chef's choice of tacos.  And I delighted in eating the salmon taco.   I was expecting grand things from the guacamole and was disappointed.   The dried cranberries were an interesting addition.  But I much prefer good ol' Trader Joe's guacamole.Food was rico.   Rico means "rich" in Spanish and usually a compliment.   I just found the food rico in terms of calories.I wouldn't mind going back but neither am I itching to return either.
3	This place is all right. I really can't complain; food was decent, our server was amazing, knowledgeable, and had good and obviously heartfelt suggestions for both our table and another.The prices are a little high, but I think it's overhead (given the fancy interior, Scottsdale location, full bar, and number of employees). The food seems to be high-quality, as well. All I'm saying is that you can get comparable food (Mexican) elsewhere for cheaper.Still, a good place.
4	Loved the food. We ordered off of the street taco menu. We had the pastor, conchinita pibil, chicken with pinon crema and pork Verde with cactus. Every taco was delicious. We  had a couple of skinny Margaritas, just tequilla, lime juice and agave . They were tasty. The food is upscale and so are the prices. Small two or three bite street tacos are $3 and up. Is it worth it? I would say yes. There are plenty of inexpensive taco shops if you want a huge $4 carne asada burrito and that has it's place. If you want an elevated Mexican food experience try this.
5	I love Barrio Queen.  The Chiles en Nogada is the best!  I also LOVE the AZ Burrito with homemade red or green chile...I get it 1/2 and 1/2 - 1/2 red, 1/2 green.  The tacos are great - especially if you go on "Taco Tuesdays" when ALL tacos are only $2 - WHAT a DEAL!!  My absolute favorite taco has the green chile sauce and chorizo.I will agree that I wasn't crazy about the salmon tacos because they have a very smoked flavor and I was expecting more of a fresh fish flavor, but if you liked smoked salmon you will love them...they are topped with a delicious mango salsa.Oh and the Guacamole is made fresh - right there.  (Whoever said she prefers Trader Joe's....REALLY?!  I love shopping at Trader Joe's, but seriously???... PACKAGED guac compared to fresh-made with just-cut avocados, fresh cilantro, chopped jalapeno, and a sprinkling of pomegranate seeds...!?!)  Super Happy Hour too.  Can't beat the $3 margaritas!
2	Food was ok but this was a disappointing experience. The Margaritas were very good. The Guacamole was tasty but the menu description very misleading. The menu said the guacamole was created table side, but the truth is that you have to order the large size or it just arrives already put together from the kitchen. It arrived with ridiculously large chunks of avocado which meant we either got a chunk of avocado on our chip or all of the other ingredients, but it was too difficult to get both combined on a chip. They charge for chips and they were very average - not worth paying for.  My chicken enchilada was tasty but arrived with some chunks of chicken parts I prefer not to see let alone put in my mouth. The serving staff is friendly, but our server was inattentive despite the fact the restaurant was fairly empty. I saw one of the staff act like he was going to kick a tray filled with glasses out of another server's hand - not very professional! I live in Scottsdale Old Town and love to find local places to dine, This might be fine for a tourist just passing through, but I will not be returning as there are too many other restaurants in town that deserve my support.
3	I was a little disappointed in Barrio Queen. The decor and service were great, but the food was not inspiring at all. I like the idea of the a-la-cart tacos. We tried many of them and the tacos were pretty decent. The entree, chicken mole was sooo bland. The mole was OK, but the chicken was overcooked and so boring. The drinks and the tequila selection are great. Unfortunately, the do not offer tequila flights, so you have to order them per shot.
4	I am going to regret saying this but here it goes... $2 TACO TUESDAY + Happy Hour drink prices.  I have been here a handful of times and have never been disappointed by the food... on one occasion i was disappointed by the service (that was when they first opened so willing to give them another try).  I have been here for the Tuesday special twice now and I love it!  Keep up the good work Barrio Queen - i don't want to see yet another restaurant open in that space... you are a perfect fit!
1	I love tacos and I love trying out different restaurants that serve them.  My husband and I went to Barrio Queen yesterday afternoon for lunch.  We both left very disappointed and hungry.   First we tried the El Rey Vasito de Elote which we were anxious to try since we've had this dish before in another restaurant.  This dish came out in a smallish cup and it was served with nothing, no chips.  I guess we were supposed to eat this with a spoon like some kind of corn pudding.  This dish has always been served with chips at other places, why not at the Barrio Queen?  Must say, it really wasn't that good and we didn't finish it.  We both ordered tacos and they were just ok.  Such a rip off these small 3 bite street tacos.  These tacos were served with 2 salsas...if you can call these 2 small containers of the most watered down "salsa" I've ever seen, and absolutely no taste, no chunks of tomatoes, peppers, nothing.  I find it funny the runner who brought out the salsa warned the red was spicy. This place will be a hit with tourists since it's in a prime location.  The tourists can have this place, we will never be back.
1	This is not a review about the food because there was no room at the inn.  I walked into barrio queen at a little after 6:00 pm on a saturday--I would say there were people at a third to half of the tables--the hostess says they are completely booked for the evening and could not take walk-ins until at least 9--walked down Stetson--and there were tables at several other restaurants in the neighborhood--if they had tables I find it difficult that barrio queen was completely booked even though they were half empty.  not sure I will try again.
2	We went here on Taco Tuesday ($2 tacos), mainly because the first restaurant we wanted to eat at was closed.  We were greeted by our server, who immediately tried to push alcoholic drinks on us.  We came here at lunch time on a weekday, so I wasn't really in the mood to get hammered, but we did order some aguas frescas instead (Horchata and jamaica, it was either 5 or 6 dollars).  They were a hefty price, but it was served in a very large glass.  My horchata was OK, it had decent flavor and was fairly refreshing.  The jamaica was very concentrated, so if you like a lot of tangy hibiscus flavor this is the drink for you.  We ended up ordering a variety of tacos, but not before our server tried to push some guacamole (Around $6) on us.  We didn't really want any at first, but she insisted that it was some of the best guacamole ever and was one of the best appetizers in the house.  Soo.... we begrudgingly accepted, since we wanted to see what the hype was about.  When we got the appetizer, it was in a tiny little bowl, and covered with pomegranate seeds.  It tasted OK, and was made with fresh ingredients, but I can honestly make fresh guacamole like this at home with bigger portions for way cheaper.  The tacos were small, like street taco size.  They came on a single small corn tortilla, and were piled high with filling.  I would have liked to see them use 2 tortillas on top of each other for stability, because I couldn't really hold the tacos in my hand to eat them.  Because they were so full, and the ingredients were a bit juicy, they would fall off while the tortilla fell apart as soon as I picked it up.  Sadly, I had to actually eat most of the tacos with a fork and knife like a gringo.  I do appreciate the generous amount of filling that was in them though, but at taquerias I've been to they typically double the street taco tortillas for this very reason.  As for the ingredients themselves, they have some unusual ones here you won't find at other Mexican restaurants, which I appreciate, but on the whole I didn't find the tacos too great taste-wise.  I had some huitlacoche tacos, a first for me, but the whole kernels of fungus-infected corn popped in my mouth as I ate them with a gooey, mushy texture on the inside, with not much flavor.  It wasn't too pleasant of a experience taste and texture wise; I felt like I was eating a bunch of pus.  Perhaps if they were chopped into smaller pieces rather than whole kernels it would have tasted better, since a big kernel on a small taco can overwhelm the whole dish.Additionally, our server was fairly attentive, as long as there was something for her to push on us.  But, when it came time to get the check, she was no where to be seen, and we had to wait a very long time before anyone came over to our table.  So the mixture of very pushy service combined with tacos that were memorable in all the wrong ways make me hesitant to try this restaurant again when I can get really tasty Mexican food for way cheaper at other places in the East Valley.
5	Evette our server was awesome!quick service. all the employees were really nice.sat at bar table. Had the guacamole and chips. Really tasty and a little bit of spice. did a variety of tacos. Their taco menu resembles a sushi menu in that there are probably like 20 or so and you check off how many you want. Pulled pork, the cameron or shrimp tacos in beer battered victoria were awesome. Even have a pork taco that has cactus grilled in it. Salsas were great. tacos are nice size but not too big. Get a bunch of them and enjoy. They have all the mexican beers in bottles and draft plus looked like a ton of tequilas.Quick Tip!!!!If you go in during the busy winter season, if they say they are completely booked ask if you can grab a table that needs to be cleared before the next reservation. Quite a number of people arrived at 5:40pm for example and were told if you can be done by 7pm then you can have a table right now as opposed to waiting 2 hours. Not sure why some people claim the service here is bad or give it poor reviews because servers suggest drinks or apps. Thats what they are supposed to do!.
4	Food was good had chorizo and eggs drinks are well made the bar keep is friendly and a bit twisted but a cool fun place.
1	Haven't had a margarita this bad since my only visit to Salty Senorita. Ordered 2 Palomas which call for fresh squeezed lime and grapefruit juice. When my better half asked for a shot of beer to calm the tartness the bartender suggested adding more of the grapefruit soda....What? Total sour belly result and $28 later a lesson learned. Always disappointing when you know you could have made a better drink yourself at home.
5	We have been to Barrio Queen several times and are never disappointed. The restaurant is lovely, the staff is outstanding and the food was amazing. The pork carnitas are the best we have ever had. Our last visit was a party of 11 and everyone was pleased with their meal. We sat on the comfortable patio and loved watching people walk by while we enjoyed dinner and drinks. I think it is one of the top patios in town.
3	I like this place, but I don't love it.  Went here for dinner on Friday and we were sat on the patio right away which was unexpected.  Our server was very personable and timely; she even turned on the heater for us because I was a little chilly.  The margaritas were great, a perfect blend of ingredients and not too sweet.  The best part of the meal was the red menudo; I hadn't had a bowl for years and this was really great and spicy.  The tacos were itty bitty and a little dry, I would have liked some sort of sauces on them.  This place is overpriced in my opinion but I had a nice experience.  I would recommend coming here for drinks and apps only, you can find better entrees elsewhere.
5	Yvette and Tyler are AWESOME!  Food is wonderful! Customer service superb.  Their green sauce ROCKS!
4	We tried a variety of tacos here (3 for $10). Tacos were all unique and tasty, but the Suadero Azteca (queen's special) was the standout. It was incredibly flavorful and tender and was topped with really yummy veggies. Definitely get your own of this if you are sharing. The fried fish and fried shrimp ones were tasty too. This is a great place to try inventive tacos, but can get a little pricey. I think you need to ask for chips and salsa here, as they didn't bring us any without us asking, but once brought, it was tasty :)
4	It appears that the service kinks have been worked out as our server was very attentive and the food came out quickly. Guacamole was tasty and fun and tacos were innovative and delicious. I don't want to argue the point of whether Barrio Queen aspires to be authentic street food or Mexican fusion, consensus at our table was that it's a bit of both and the experience was so pleasant that honestly we don't care and we will return soon.  Of note, automatic chips and salsa at the beginning of the meal would be a nice touch and more opportunities to add serious heat (habanero, serrano, jalapeno) would have been a wonderful adjunct.
4	How fun - loved it! The tableside gucolomoe just could not get any fresher and is most unique with dried fruit and pomegrante seeds. A must try with friends. We didn't sit outside due to the frigid weather but you can enjoy a plethora of outdoor seating. You can pick and choose which tacos you want and how many since they are kind of a la carte. Can't wait to go back.
5	This place was good! I had the chicken burrito (Bario Pollo) and it was definitely something I never tasted before. Very good. I like restaurants that differentiate themselves from the rest. Everybody at our table like their dish. Carne Asada burrito and enchilada's all tasted good. We sat outside, it was nice and quiet. Great atmosphere. Flowers smelled good on the patio and everything. Only thing was that the waiter forgot to bring water that we asked for and my wife was choking from the chips and salsa and I asked him if he could bring out a water for her. And he said "Oh thats right! Well let me just take your orders first while I'm here" ...Moment of survival...Maybe he thought I would just let her have a sip of my beer, I don't know but shes 4 months pregnant so it came down to let her choke or give the fetus alcohol. And I chose choke because I had a feeling her chance of survival was higher if we waited for water.
5	this place is delicious!!! I've been here several times and haven't tried any of the actually entrees, but the tacos are YUM!! Yea, they're on the smaller side, but its so great to taste so many different kinds of tacos without get full on just two.  Drinks are great too!! It's so nice to sit on the patio in the middle of Old Town.  I've taken out of town guests here and everyone I've taken has loved it as well!
5	I'm glad that the more recent reviews are positive because this place is criminally underrated at 3 stars. Most of the complaints appear to center around the place being overly busy (really?) or the service being poor. While the service certainly wasn't fantastic-our waiter disappeared on occasion and came off as cold, though he warmed up as the night went on-I don't think it warrants dropping the star rating. Started with the guacamole, which is overpriced but excellent - chunks of avocado with pomegranate seeds, fig, and a few other fresh items thrown in for good measure. I ordered the street tacos and each one was better than the previous - got the conchinita pibil, suedo azteca(brisket), and salmon y mango. The brisket in particular was incredibly tender and flavorful. They are on the small side but also stuffed with filling so I was satisfied after 3. My wife and I also split a coffee press, which was some of the best coffee I have ever tasted and cost us $3 for about two cups each. So, while the food may be somewhat expensive for what get in terms of size, it's also fresh, flavorful, and unique.
4	Me and my husband really enjoyed this place. We ate lunch/early dinner here. Our margaritas were great and we loved choosing different tacos to eat rather than just getting one plate with the same taco. I don't remember the exact names of the tacos but they were all great (pork, fish, shrimp. steak etc). Wish we had a Barrio Queen in Jersey.
3	Underwhelmed sangria was the worst thing ever .. But tacos were good .. Price is fair and decor is nice . Not the best Mexican food for Arizona
4	If you love authentic tacos, not just the ones from taco bell or filibertos, then you will love the taco menu at Barrio Queen.The taco menu consists of 20 different types of street tacos to choose from. And you can try one of each if that is what you wish, or order all of the same kind. It's up to you, which is what I love about it. One of my favorite flavors includes the Salmon y Mango taco, with chilled chunks of smoked salmon, diced mango and pico de gallo, served on a tiny corn tortilla. Delicious! I also tried the Carne Asada taco with fresh orange and garlic marinated grilled beef, topped with diced onion, cilantro and avocado., as well as the El Pastor taco with chile and spice marinated pork topped with diced onion, cilantro, pineapple, and salsa borracho.Tacos is not all they serve either. Their menu includes enchiladas, tortas, burritos, quesedillas, and more. Barrio Queen serves up some authentic Mexican flavors while adding in their own rendition of spices and other ingredients to stand out from the crowd.If you haven't tried this place yet, you need to. Excellent food! And don't forget to order their Barrio signature guacamole made table side - chunks of fresh avocado, pomegranate seeds, diced red onion, and maybe one other ingredient I can't remember. AWESOME!
3	Have returned since my first visit and they have vastly improved their service.  Not my favorite place, but other people seem to like it.
4	Sat outside and enjoyed a nice lunch here.It was very busy and service was still good.The tacos and other items were very good but a bit pricey.This probably is due to the location in the main Waterfront area.The girls enjoyed several margaritas and they have an EXTENSIVE tequila menu.The outdoor patio is dog-friendly and several people were there with dogs following a walk around the waterfront and shops. Overall, it was a nice, friendly atmosphere.
3	Food is decent. The menu is too big. It's pretty expensive for how good it is. They make you pay for chips and salsa.
2	This was my second time in and will be my last if I have any say in the choice. Service was extremely slow, margaritas was weak. Our server seemed irritated that we had ordered and paid for cocktails at the bar before we were seated. The guacomole was good, I had an out of town guest, so the table side presentation was nice. We ordered two guac orders to start and were given one dinky basket of chips. Probably 12 total, getting chips for our guacomole was an ongoing struggle all dinner long. We were told they were making more, but watched as basket after basket passes our table.  In other food choices, the Caesar was simple, under dressed, and I've had better at most places. The fish taco was not good, at all. The fish was funky, I had two other people take a small bite and we all agreed, not good at all. The other tacos we ordered were okay,  I've had better downtown and didn't try one I would have to come back for.
4	Much easier to get a table here than at Barrio Cafe, and the food was very good. I had the mariscos relleno and it was delicious - only a little spicy with a tasty sauce and plenty of crab and shrimp stuffing. The mashed potatoes were delicious, but I could do without the calabacitas (veggies). The carnitas were lean enough for a very picky eater and the tortillas looked great - he ate them all before I got a chance to snag one.
4	I was visiting a friend in Arizona and wanted Mexican food as I heard it was rather good on the west coast and in surrounding areas.I liked this place. It's similar to a Dos Caminos but not as commercial and less expensive and just overall cooler. I love sugar skulls and authentic Mexican decor.  There are all kinds of knick knacks displayed that you can actually purchase.  The service was good, the food was good.  I ordered a variety of authentic tacos-not the typical taco bell meat cheese sour cream type.  Think more like fresh orange and garlic marinated grilled beef, over roasted jalapeno and quesillo cheese relleno, topped with diced onion, cilantro and avocado or maybe spice rubbed chicken, caramelized onions and roasted poblano peppers in a spicy pinon cream sauce, topped with chorizo and cilantro.  Bring Barrio Queen to the East Coast!!
5	The margaritas were splendid. Now all I have to do is make Taco Tuesdays...!
5	I can't believe how good the tacos are here.  We stopped by on "Taco Tuesday" and got all the tacos we wanted for $2.50 each!!  They have a huge variety of tacos to choose from and they're not your typical ones (better).  Patio seating on a warm spring afternoon was perfect and I've heard from friends that the guacamole the make at your table is amazing.  Will definitely return.
3	My boyfriend and I came here for dinner after being told there would be over an hour wait for Culinary Dropout (sad face). We'd always been curious about this restaurant-apparently it had won some sort of "Best of 2012" award-Although I was a bit apprehensive that it only has 3 stars on Yelp. Everything's subjective I suppose. We had to wait a bit here as well, although not nearly as long. I was super excited to see salsa dancers and a band performing in the outdoor dining area. We ended up being sat at the table right next to where the band was playing. I was a bit worried about that...I imagined having to shout my conversation or order to our server...thankfully the band wasn't obnoxiously loud.Our server was super friendly and helpful. I ordered the red sangria and my boyfriend ordered the margarita. The sangria was very delicious, however the margarita was so-so. Not the best I've ever had, although I don't normally drink margaritas. We both ordered the tacos. I don't know what I ever expect to receive when I go to a nicer restaurant and order tacos. I looked at the menu and thought "Wow, that's some really inexpensive tacos! What a deal! 3 should be good for a meal!" I also thought the same thing when I went to Distrito (except they were pricier there). Well..the tacos we ordered were the tiny street tacos. Boo. And 3 was hardly enough for a meal! Ha. That's not a knock on them, it's my own ignorance for not ordering 6 as a meal, like the menu suggested. There just wasn't many fish or vegetarian items to choose from on the menu, which was surprising to me-I just didn't want to settle for a quesadilla! I ended up getting 3 different kinds of tacos: Salmon y Mango, Pescado, and the Nopalitos (just because I was curious to figure out what the heck cactus tastes like).  I can't quite recall what my boyfriend ordered..at least one was Carnitas. Our tacos came relatively quickly! I was really surprised considering how busy it was. They were really tasty. I enjoyed the Pescado one the most, however the cactus taco was quite an interesting experience. Not bad, just not my cup of tea. We also received salsa for our tacos, but both the green and red salsas were much too thin for my taste. Afterwards, we were still hungry so we ordered chips and salsa. The salsa that came with the chips was miles better! Overall, it was a pleasant dining experience. The atmosphere with the decor and live music was very enjoyable and our server was extremely friendly. The food was decent. I would probably go back another time just because the service was quite good.
4	For my 1400th review, I've chosen a very cool, hip spot in Old Town Scottsdale.  The prices here are for upscale Mexican food and are steep, so don't expect a deal.  However, what you can expect is a different take on old classics served in a hipster environment.  I met a colleague here for dinner and I ordered:Guacamole, $10.75Vasito de Elote (Grilled Corn, Butter, Mayo, Cotija Cheese, Tapatio Salsa, Cilantro, Lime), $5Carne Asada Burrito, $15Margaritas, $6The Guacamole i served table-side and is very good.  It's rich, so if you're not sharing it, order the half portion.  The Carne Asada Burrito is also very good.  When I asked the server "What's a specialty here that I must try?", he said the Vasito de Elote...which is a Grilled Corn appetizer.  I followed his lead and tried it...it's amazing!  A rainbow of flavors explode on your taste buds when you eat it....Sweet, Buttery, Tangy, with a little Spice...yum!The Margaritas here rock.  Very tasty...I think I put down 5 or 6, I can't remember.  Good thing I wasn't driving.Overall, it was a very good experience.  It's definitely on my rotation to take clients and colleagues.  The only downside to this place is the parking.  Parking is no bueno, but that's a problem everywhere in Old Town Scottsdale.Return Factor - 95%
3	Food is amazing, but the service is VERY slow. Not just food, but even top-ups on water, waiting to order and waiting for the bill.
2	Once was in the Barrio, now in the boardroom  fortunately.  I made it out, but the memories of where I came from and where I am have never left and remind me daily of the difference between success and failure. Before I go on too long, the bottom line is I would recommend taking a pass on Barrio Queen.  Prices are a bit steep based upon the quality and presentation of the food. I also found the staff a bit pretentious in asking if I wanted change from my $100.00 bill for a $52.00 check. I note this because conceptually Barrio Queen tries to make the right choices for the most part. but comes up a bit short, as in the narrow difference between success and failure. Barrio Queen is conveniently located.  When my wife, daughter and I dined the restaurant was clean with attractive decor and intriguing menu items.  The one issue I have though with "trendy" Mexican restaurants is the use of black beans and the omission of pinto or other types of beans historically consumed by natives of Mexico and Central America.  We were told by the server that the restaurant does not serve rice and only black beans true to native Mexico. I found that a bit odd based upon my knowledge, travel and consumption of Mexican and Latin American foods based upon many factors, including travel throughout Central and South America. I found the tacos to be decent but with no sauce to add to compliment the presentation and the guacamole to have 1/4 avocado size chunks (perhaps intentionally) with minimal flavor. The one thing Latin food should have is flavor.  Some of my best meals have been in dives and dumpy looking restaurants.  Unfortunately, Barrio Queen comes up short in the food category, beautiful setting but below average cuisine and certainly not worth the price.
2	I don't know where to start with this review..We were seated quickly, but the service the entire night was TERRIBLE. It took a good 15 minutes before a waitress even acknowledged my party. Then another HOUR for our food. There was only four of us and the restaurant was not packed. How long could it  possibly take to make a couple of burritos and carnitas? After the hour long wait, two of the plates of food came out cold. My carnitas were delicious the second time they came out and were hot, but it was hard to enjoy my experience with such lackluster service. I will commend them, we complained and of course got the complimentary dessert. **Side note** The guacamole is over priced. I paid $10 to have an avocado poorly mashed up with a spoon and a few other ingredients mixed in. For $10 I expect more effort and MORE GUAC. Such a rip off. The food isn't even authentic.
5	California enchilada was THE BEST EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Work with a cop who said I had to visit this place when I went to AZ and he was sooooo right.  Went to school in Texas so I thought I'd tried some really good enchiladas, but these are my new faves.  Don't miss out.
4	We come here for Taco Tuesdays....Not because we're cheap, but because it takes the edge of the inevitable Scottsdale-hipster-restaurant-surcharge, and gosh darnit, the tacos are downright delish.Also of note on the menu, the mango avocado salad.  Touche, Barrio Queen,  for presenting a lettuce-free salad option.
5	WOW!!  Very authentic and very good!  We had the guacamole (best I've had!), the Pablano Nogada, and three different tacos.  Perfect portion size - not oversized - and excellent flavor.  Ivette was our waitress - very upbeat and super friendly!  She made the experience that much better.  Don't miss this one!!
4	Guacamole was absolutely amazing; had the camaron quesadilla which was also fantastic.  Nice, mellow music on the back patio.  Check it out!
3	The guacamole is what deserves a five star review! The pomegranate seeds add such a flavor kick, it's melt in your mouth! The overall menu and service is pretty good, but nothing that stands out.
5	I was drawn to this place while walking around the 5th Avenue shops and loved their set up and service! I enjoyed the warm greetings and customer service Barrio Queen provided. My server (forgot his name-sorry) was an excellent provider for recommending me a few great treats from their menu. If you visit this place make sure to take advantage of their 3 for $10 gourmet tacos! I of course had 4 tacos, the dip and their top shelf Margarita!
5	Best tacos in Arizona hands down.  I've eaten at a ton of taco places and yes, I have given out a lot of 5 star reviews, but there is no way that this food can be considered anything less than top notch. I have eaten all of their tacos, the Nopalitos and the Chorizo with fried egg are to die for.  Also the Mole chicken enchiladas are legit.  Very authentic, and very tasty.  What I'm saying, is If you can come here and have a bad time, trust me its you not them.  Have a margarita and lighten up.
5	Wish these folks were closer to where I live.  I miss this place already!A seasonal poblano was available.  Score!  Chock full of chicken and fruit and coddled in an almond. white sauce.  Fabulous.We also ordered the miraculous quak.  Someone in the kitchen who is quite skilled in the handling of pomeganates (I think that's hard!)  laced the quak with plump, fresh seeds.  Great touch.No watered down Tex-Mex culture here.  There are fabulous paste-ups on the windows of black & white Madres.  Another mural inside has the Dia del Muertas skulls.  Small skulls encusted with sparkle are at the cash register for purchase.It's in a strip mall within Old Scottsdale, so parking can be a challenge.  Walk, baby!
3	Food was excellent! I would definitely recommend the Cochinitas Pibil, the Suardo Azteca, and Carne Asada Steak Huitalocoche y Champinion wre all very amazing tacos. Typically the deal is choose 3 tacos for $10; however since happy hour started at 2pm today, the happy hour deal included 2 for 1 pork tacos so I had 4 tacos today but they were mini sized. House margaritas were included in the happy hour specials so my friend and I enjoyed our margaritas with are street tacos galore. We also ordered tableside guacamole, which had a unique blend of jalenpenos, citrus, cilantro, lime, pomegranite, fig, and cotija cheese. However, this guacamole came out prepared and not made table side. We were confused by this since we saw a table close to us have their same table side guac actually made table side. We were disappointed by this.Although our waitress was so friendly, we seldom saw her except when we first ordered and long after we had finished eating. I get that we were being lazy on a Friday enjoying margaritas and eating, but it would've been nice to see her a little more so we could at least get water refills. I had to ask one of the guys busing tables to get us water, but he only got one water for me and not for my friend. I just expected more for service when being on this side of town. On a plus side, the small but delicious churro dessert was excellent as recommended. Only 2 churros on an appetizer sized plate with 1 half cut strawberry drizzled with a sweet sauce come with this dessert, but it was a way to get a sweet tooth fix without being overly indulgent. My hubby and I got much better service with amazing food at their heart location Barrio Cafe, so I will most likely return there instead of here next time.
5	The location is pretty rad and the food is pretty delish as well.  They always have a crowd so if you're on the urge to do some serious people watching you can definately do so here.  The outdoor seating is pretty spacious and the food and drink selection are pretty good as well.  The decor is pretty neat as well but the overall setup of the restaurant is odd but not bearing on this review.  The chips and salsa were spot on for a quick treat and the Menudo (served only on the weekends) was AWESOME!  Can't say that I usually go for that first off but it didn't disappoint.  The bar manager "Lost" (seriously his name) was primo and super helpful in describing what were key items on the menu along with suggesting some great pairings.  I'll definitely be back for more action!
4	Really good Mexican food.  I recommend the guacamole and the green chili burro.  Margaritas were OK, but nothing special.
2	Good Margaritas the guacamole is so yummy.  One of the best in town.
5	My favorite Mexican restaurant in Scottsdale. TACO TUESDAYS!Love the Salmon Y Mango taco.The Pescado taco is also really good.Every taco I've tried there is good and it was the first time I've ate cactus. Not my favorite item of food, I'm assuming it's categorized as a vegetable....?I love margaritas but I prefer frozen however they don't offer frozen just as many restaurants in the Phoenix area don't. With that said, they offer great margaritas.Love the environment. Modern Mexican, yet comfortable and not pretentious. Great selection of tequila and a staff that knows the menu.
2	The ratings by other Yelpers was accurate .. YELPERS! Food is expensive and average ... $15 Marg with Don Julio... $4.00 taco's ( small ) and stuffed chili with chicken was$19.00 , ... best item was the fresh of the guacamole& chips.. -- probably be back for Happy Hour sometime but will pass on dinner or lunch ..  2 for dinner and 2 drinks each and the bill was 90.00... Oh we'll..
2	Waited two hours for a big party. Waited another 30 minutes for the food.  The food was okay but definitely not worth the wait.  La Parilla  Suiza is much better!
4	We went twice while in Scottsdale on vacation, we loved it! We got to go on taco tuesday, got cheap margs and beer, and cheap tacos. We both tried 4 different tacos each, they were amazing. I loved that we were able to choose 1 of each, unlike many restos who only let you choose one type. The drinks were great also.OH yeah, the Nachos!!! Those are the best we've ever tried, and a huge serving at a low cost.
1	Really bad experience all around.    We got sat in the main dining room and about 10 minutes later a pompous "Assistant Manager" came and said he has to move us becasue the hostess sat us in a reserved table (the place was pretty dead).   We got sat in the bar area and the air condition was on full blast making it freezing cold.  It took twenty minutes to get a drink order *(which we ordered at our first table,  our apps actually came out before we had our drinks and they didn't even offer us water.  I had 6 differnet tacos,  3 were really good and three were horrible.  The least you could do if you move a group once they've been seated is apologize, maybe offer to buy them a drink, and make sure the rest of their dining experience is enjoyable.  I have a feeling that there will be another restaurant in it's place soon if they don't get their act together.
3	Great food, very authentic Mexican with a great beer and drink selection. We had a blast, the staff was awesome
5	I don't know why it took me so long to visit Barrio Queen. I walked by it so many times and now that I've visited, I am kicking myself for the amount of time it took me to try it out! Barrio Queen was a pleasant surprise. This is definitely a higher end Mexican restaurant. It's not necessarily fancy but it's fancier then a divey Mexican food spot. You can get three tacos for around $10 and the tacos are delicious! They aren't your average tacos and there are about 12 different ones to choose from. The tacos are tiny but they are filling. We each had three tacos and then enjoyed the pork queso dip as an appetizer. We left just full enough without going into a food coma.  I really enjoyed the atmosphere. They have two bars, with the one in the back being much larger. There are several tvs in the bar to allow sports fans to watch a game. I noticed several specials for happy hour pricing. I love their drinks, especially the punch and a margarita called Limon y Coco which is a delicious coconut pineapple juice. It's truly like drinking a vacation and all I need to do is sit on the patio with one of the drinks in my hand and I might as well be in Cabo! The punch was incredible and definitely a must-order if you like girly drinks. The patio comfortable and feels like you're in a big city and the interior is comfortable as well. This restaurant is definitely worth checking out to enjoy dinner and drinks. There's a reason it gets so crowded during the busy times of the year!
4	We did lunch here and what a great deal!  Tacos are $2.50 and margaritas are $3.00.  Service was attentive and friendly.  We shared a churro for dessert and that was delish!
5	I'm surprised Barrio Queen only has 3.5 stars on Yelp.  I'm no stranger to Mexican cuisine having been brought up in a Mexican household and I struggle to find restaurants that are better than what I make at home.  Barrio Queen is definitely one of these places.  The taco menu is extensive; after tasting almost every taco, I can vouch that they're mostly really good. (The pescado was the only dud I found; that's mostly my fault because I don't love fried food.)  I've also had the Cochinita Pibil torta and the half order of the guacamole... both amazing.It tends to be on the expensive side so I opt for Taco Tuesday where you can stuff yourself full of tacos, chips and salsa, beer, and margaritas for less than $20.
2	Barrio Queen was a huge disappointment. DO NOT get the tacos. They were so small the table laughed when they brought it - we thought it was a joke, looked smaller than an appetizer. They had numerous items on the menu that were not available and the waiter was pretty rude. With all the good restaurants in the area, dont waste your time or money at Barrio Queen.
4	Delish brunch spot!!  They take mexican brunch dishes and add a special touch. For instance, they have these amazing fries that they melt cheese on and add corn to...nice touch!  Eggs were yummy.  Love love love this spot for brunch and when I walked by at dinner time it was totally happening so I assume that is good too!
4	I really enjoyed my dinner at Barrio Queen. The guacamole, as everyone says, is to-die-for. And the chips it's served with are excellent as well. I had a hard time deciding what to get after that because everything looked good, but I went with a chicken quesadilla, which was good but I wasn't terribly fond of the chicken. My husband had their famous pork dish where you make your own pork tacos. He wasn't a fan of the chipotle mashed potatoes that came with it but I really liked them. I would sum up both the food and the decor this way: it's called "Barrio" for a reason - it has a local, authentic neighborhood feel. Everything is colorful and unique.I knocked off a star for the service. We came around 4:30pm, well before the dinner rush. It turns out that their service majorly lacks at this time of day - after we were seated it was several minutes before our drink order was asked, and we had to flag our waitress down to order after that. Also, we ordered the large size of guacamole, which on the menu is said to be "made table-side". Ours came pre-mixed with toppings already on it, so I just assumed that table-side service was not actually something that they did.  Well, turns out that once the restaurant became more full, they were mixing table-side guacamoles all over the place. I felt a little cheated out of the experience. This disappointed me but I would definitely come back here and try again.
5	Amazing!!!! The ceviche was awesome the Huitalocoche quesadillas were to die for, but the stuffed poblano pepper with shrimp and crab was exquisite!!!! Well worth your time and money if you are in the area. Definitely one of my regular places from now on!!!!
4	I dig this place.  We've always gone for lunch, never dinner, but we've never been disappointed. With all the taco options, there is always something new to try, and there are a lot of fun and intriguing taste combos. Boring it is not, which is a good thing.Service has been lower-OK. Usually a bit slow, once or twice a bit forgetful, but always helpful and friendly.
1	Sorry folks, this isn't working.  We tried a variety of dishes from the menu and nothing was more than meh.  Barely there, uninspired and overpriced for quality and quantity.  Plus, our server was one of those folks that maybe should be working in computers, not hospitality.  Beautiful patio, too bad the food doesn't measure up.  That said, we tried Barrio Cafe at the airport and had a rockin' meal with great, albeit slightly wack, service.  Quality control folks or maybe the Scottsdale crowd just doesn't know the difference :)...
4	I've been wanting to check out Barrio Queen for a while and was not disappointed when I came in for Taco Tuesday. I parked myself at the bar and ordered a Victoria (which is my favorite Mexican beer) and some guac to start.The avocado in my guac was not mashed but was actually chunks of sliced avocado. I don't know how I feel about that but that did not stop me from finishing it off with the awesome chips accompanying.Their list of tacos is vast and pretty cool. They're $3.50 each or three for $10 (they're $2.50 on Taco Tuesday) I had the Carne Asada, Pescado and the Suardo Azteca. All three were delicious by the Suardo Azteca was my favorite with Carne Asada, Chorizo and Bleu Cheese. AMAZING!There were so many more tacos on the list that I wanted to try but after these three and the guac I was full. The bar was full and the bartenders were very busy but friendly. They also have burritos, enchiladas and tortas on the menu. So I have to come back and try other great looking stuff on the menu. But I definitely plan on being a regular on Taco Tuesdays.
3	Have like the tacos on previous visits. On 1 visit chicken mole, the mole sauce was burnt. Servers took off our bill. Service can be hit or miss. Nice place and large menu of tacos and more.
3	The food is pretty good (yummy, unique salsa -but please go lighter on the cranberry raisins next time, jeeze m'neeze!!!).The patio is awful - you get soaked by the misters which are set to full blast. We politely asked for them to be turned down slightly and were denied. I sat through the last third of my dinner shivering even though it's mid summer in Phoenix. Who knew?!?  Ladies, plan on getting your hair wet. Don't even bother doing it - definitely a horrible spot for a date. I'll never sit out there again. Too bad the manager isn't interested in what the customers think.  I would opt for sitting inside next time, but I'd much rather take in the beautiful outdoor ambience of Old Town.  I'm in a no win situation here. Rats!!
5	I would come back, food is awesome! Their take on Mexican food is not your average Mexican refried beans and burrito place. Service is friendly and prices are good.
2	This place has a great selection of drinks and tasty food.  The decor is fun and the place appeared clean.  Service was great and the food was very tasty and left me wanting more!It left me wanting more because the portions were small, especially for the prices they charge for the food.  The tacos were something like $3.50 - $4.00 range and based on the size seemed like they should be maybe 75 cents.  All in all:  Good food, but it's way overpriced.
4	Elote(corn app.) is awesome here.  Ambience is colorful and fun.
4	Only complaint...margaritas are weak : (Other than that, love it!
5	My husband and I stopped by on a Taco Tuesday after work. We made it just in time for happy hour and decided to sit outside on the patio. (It had rained earlier that day so it was really nice out.) To start with, we ordered a half order of guacamole and two house margaritas. Since it was Taco Tuesday, all tacos were $2.50 (normally they are $3.50). There are tons of taco options and range from exotic to traditional. My husband ordered the crispy fish, Barrio Pollo, and Suadero Azteca whereas I ordered the Barrio Pollo and Chorizo, crispy shrimp, and carne asada. Our guac and drinks arrived first. The guacamole was good (it had dried cranberries in it) but nothing to write home about. The house margaritas were really good - fresh lime really made all the taste difference. Almost as soon as we finished the guac, our tacos arrived. We dug in eagerly and were soon in taco heaven. Crispy fish taco was similar to other ones we've had, ditto on the shrimp. What really stood out were the Pollo tacos - regular and with chorizo. The chicken was marinated in a delicious sauce that was really addictive. We overhead a waiter telling another couple that he eats the pollo tacos five days and week and if he left Barrio Queen on bad terms, he'd wear a disguise just so he could come back and eat the pollo tacos. My husband and I totally agreed - we agreed so much we ordered another round of pollo tacos (two apiece) to satisfy our addiction. During the second taco round, I ordered a Limon Y Coco margarita. (Coconut tequila with lime.) Oh my... this was the best margarita I've ever had. It was delicious. Even my husband agreed and tried to steal my drink. We both can't wait to come back for more pollo tacos and coconut margaritas. Watch out!
5	We decided to give Barrio Queen a second try after waiting too long for service the first time. (We ended up leaving before ordering). The second visit began the same way (us being seated and then ignored) until my husband spoke with the manager. She thanked us for the feedback and comped our meal. Not only did she apologize, the food was terrific! We will definitely be back.
3	Food was very good. Tue is $2.50 taco night. They have lots of interesting choices. I had two beef, a chicken & chorizo and a vegetarian one with cactus and a fried egg on top. All were good. Tacos were very small (which seems to be a thing in scottsdale ... I had the same experience at The Mission). I didn't know that when i ordered. I probably coud have eaten 6. The biggest downside was that it took about 40 min from when I ordered till I got my food. Gotta knock you for that.
4	OK, let's start from the beginning. I claim to be a Mexican food expert, so it's hard to impress me, specially outside Mexico. So I've been refusing to visit this place for ever since I'm tired of trying Mexican places that claim to be authentic and are just overpriced lame imitations.But since today I was in a great mood and wanted to try something new (and had to eat in the Scottsdale area) I finally gave this place a try. The service was super friendly, on top of their game and pretty knowledgeable. Five stars for the service!The food was great in general, but let me go dish by dish.1. Guacamole. Well, it's not authentic but it's tasteful. The cranberries or whatever they put are unnecessary and mine was on the spicy side, which I appreciated but not everybody likes it so be careful. 2. Chips. Super tasteful, thicker than normal.3. Steak taco. Mmmm, nobody would miss it if you skip this taco.4. Suadero. Not 100% authentic but pretty tasteful.5. Al pastor. Nothing to do with the real thing. Can easily be skipped unless you don't care if it's a freestyle pork taco which tasted ok.The tacos are medium-small.6. Cochinita pibil. This was the highlight of the night. Pretty close to the real thing, great taste. Will go back for that for sure!7. Shrip Barrio. Open quesadilla with shrimp. Tasteful and different.8. Shrip with avocado. Meh.9. Tres leches. Again, not authentic and barely OK.10. Flan. Delicious.11. Agua de horchata. The real deal. Super tasteful!Bonus. I asked for a sample of the mole. It was well executed, thick, tasteful. A little in the bitter side, but again, mole can be cooked in thousands of ways. I definitely will try a mole dish soon.Price was fair. Not cheap, not expensive.Great decoration!Cheers!
4	We couldn't wait to try the Barrio Queen when it opened, as we are huge fans of The Barrio. However, the mixed reviews kept us away for awhile. I'm happy to say that whatever they did to make changes now works. The menu is strategically different than The Barrio, and that works, too. My peach margarita was delicious, and my tacos al pastor were the best I have had. (I do understand that for some people, the portions may not be filling......so order a side dish or start with an appetizer.) No problemo. Everyone at our table was very happy with their dinners and we are looking forward to sitting on their sidewalk/patio when the heat subsides. I'm also hoping they will have some of the same musicians that perform at the Barrio.
5	The taco menu is amazing & so unique. This is not typical AZ Mexican food (it's more gourmet). It reminded me of another restaurant at The Quarter. I only had the tacos so I can't speak for the rest of the menu. They had tons to choose from. One had blue cheese on it. There was one with a fried egg.  Margarita was good. We went during happy hour. Got 10 tacos & 2 drinks for $33. Yum!
4	When my office asked where I wanted to go for my birthday lunch I didn't hesitate at all before saying Barrio Queen.As someone who's loved the original Barrio Cafe for the decade or so its been open, Barrio Queen is a worthy addition to the lineup. For those who are used to the original, Barrio Queen is just as tasty, but has a little more room and better parking.Whether you go for the three tacos for $10, the Cochinitas Pibil torta sandwich, an enchilada, quesadilla or anything else on the menu, you will likely be happy.Because it was my birthday, we also decided to try the desserts. I thought the chocolate cake was delicious and my coworkers liked the churros.I haven't been there at night, but I hear the margaritas and other drinks are tasty as well.My only complaint is that they seemed a little understaffed at lunch. One waitress seemed to be handling the whole place and as nice as she was, she was a little overwhelmed so at times we had to try and flag her down for service.All in all though, Barrio Queen is one of my favorite restaurants in Downtown Scottsdale.
1	Gosh, having been here about 6 times since it opened seems like it keeps getting worse.  Had a terrible meal the other night, took an hour to get our guacamole.  Looked understaffed, lots of tables with empty plates stacked on them.  Took an hour and a half to eat there, just 3 tacos and enchilades.  If you want good tacos go to Tacos Atoyac in phoenix and if you are in old town and want better mexican just go to Frank and Lupes, half the cost and better.  *Our waiter was really good though and was sorry about the wait for our food, looked like he was doing a lot of jobs at once, others just standing around.  We both decided we won't be going back there again.
5	This is some kick ass Mexican food done right. Visiting from California, we heard that this was a great new place. We were not disappointed. Everything we ordered was fantastic. We ordered one of each taco... each done a different way. My favorite was the chicken with pinon cream. The corn appetizer and guacamole are MUST order items. The Pozole Verde...Wow! Better than mine and mine is good! I have to say coming from SF Bay Area, the price for drinks was nuts. Fifteen plus for a Margerita????I did notice that the website reflects much more reasonable drink prices now though. Having said that, this place is very unique and cool. I loved the Low Rider/ Day of the dead motif. Must stop place for Mexican food in Scottsdale.
5	I was recommended to come here by Dre at Montelucia resort and am I happy I did.The guac with cranberries was weird at first, then delicious! I really enjoyed the barrio pollo and pescado tacos; best chicken taco ever hands down.The service was hands down the best- props to Nomas and Ivette!!
5	Barrio Queen is an excellent little place right in the center of Scottsdale's shopping district!  When I went, It was my first visit and I wasn't sure what I wanted to try.  I asked the waitress--her name was emily---to surprise me.  She brought me three excellent tacos (street tacos style).  I can't remember which she brought but they were so good, i had her surprise me with three more!    The food and service is excellent here!
1	Really great food but poor staff female manager if that's what you want to call her was very rude and male manager at bar drinking how professional is that but if I was to go back it be for the food only!
4	Taco's and guacamole are delicious.  Service is very slow although we stopped in and had Brandon as our server and he was great!!  If they could work on service this place would be wonderful.  We complained to the evening manager that we had waited quite a while to be greeted and he basically said "we are busy".  Try to look past the service and just enjoy the food.  Salmon & Shrimp Tacos are crazy good!
5	the food was perfect, so unique and the bartender was soo sweet. house margaritas were delish and i'm very picky. the tacos were small but very filling. protein portions were very generous inside of these miniature tortillas. tried shrimp, brisket, and carne asada & mushroom. very impressed by all. also got a sample of the house made white sangria... high octane! very tasty. will be back for sure (:
4	I'm a fan. While I usually just sample various tacos, today I got the Pollo Coco and it was amazing. 2 chicken breast w/ a wonderful sauce served w/ pine nuts and a side of mashed potatoes and mixed veggies. I will be trying more entrees from now on. Good food, good service and an overall enjoyable experience as usual. Love the brisket, chicken and carne tacos. So many choices of tacos also. Nice patio to sit outside in Old Town.
5	Best guac I've EVER HAD.  Rest of the meal was amazing too, and the wait staff and overall experience was terrific.  Highly recommended.  And did I mention that the guac is the best I've EVER HAD!! :)
4	Barrio Queen is the sister restaurant of their original more intimate 16th Street location in Phoenix. It's harder to retain quality in a restaurant probably 5 times larger than their original location but Barrio pulls it off. The food is expertly prepared with lots of very fresh ingredients. If you have a few days in the Scottsdale Old Town neighborhood, Barrio Queen should be on your short list.
4	Okay, I've never made it over to Barrio Cafe, so I can't make a comparison.  But this place stands out on it's own.  I had the Arizona Burrito which was filled with pork and not too many toppings.  The highlight was a side order of the Barrio Papas that had the corn, goat cheese, salsa, etc.  That easily could have been my meal and I would have been happy with that.  Barrio Queen's Mexican food is good high end food, but let's not forget, low end taco shops have very good Mexican food too.
4	The pork (Cochata) and brisket (azteca) were both good, although the pork was a little too salty.  The salsa was good, the guacamole was made at the table, and the tortilla chips were made at the restaurant.
4	Great food, huge menu with a good selection. Tuesday's are 4 tacos for $10, great deal! Service was a little slow but everything else was very good
4	Went with some friends from out of town who had never been to Scottsdale waterfront.  After a little walking we decided on Barrio Queen. All 3 guys ordered the California Enclilada plates which came with beans and some  I picked the 3 tacos (pollo, carne Asada, pork).   All were delicious.  It was just enough to fill me up.  Oh, I also had a glass go white Sangria...it was okay. I would try the red next time.
4	Loved the outdoor patio. Food was good, staff was friendly. Good wine selection. Extra charge for chips salsa.
5	I absolutely loved Barrio Queen, I've had the chance to visit Barrio Cafe as well and I can't wait to be back. Authentic yet modern super tasty with a small kick! Yum!
4	A few of my co-workers and I decided to check out Barrio Queen this past Friday (11/1/13), and what a great find! We all started with the house margaritas and table-side guacamole. What I particularly loved was while they were making the table-side quac the server made us feel part of the process. Asking how spicy we wanted it and showing all of the ingredients as they were added. We did end up switching servers part-way through, but the same high energy service we received at the beginning was carried out through the entire dinner. My only suggestion (hence the 4 star opposed to the 5 star), is that once we had finished the first basket of tortilla chips we were not given a second. This was only an issue for the fact that there were 4 of us and half a bowl of guac left. We did end up receiving a second basket after we asked. Other then that the night was exceptional! Keep up the good work!Unfortunately, I cannot remember our first server's name, but the second was Ronald. With this top notch service this restaurant will remain in business a long time.
5	As a big fan of Barrio Cafe and Chef Silvana I was really excited to finally try Barrio Queen recently on a Saturday night. We had to wait for a table but it was well worth it. The guacamole is really the best in the area as far as I am concerned. The house margarita was very good, made with fresh juices not bottled. If you are into Tequila the Queen does not disappoint, there is a large selection of fine spirits to taste. The taco menu is the most interested assortment of tacos that you will find in any upscale Mexican restaurant in the country. Go ahead and try to beat this selection, WOW. Seriously? As a Chef I am thrilled to be able to get tacos here that are better than what I can make for myself. What a fun place. The Conchinita Pibil is made in the traditional Yucatan style and is melt in your mouth delicious. The Huevo con Chorizo made with Longanisa is outstanding and the egg was perfect as well as a nice surprise. My friend loves the Salmon y Mango which is Smoked Salmon with diced Mango and Pico de Gallo The Carne Asada and Chile Relleno Taco is a revelation. Wow. We had the Tres Leches cake for desert with really good coffee. There are many other dishes that I want to try so I need to go back like, once a week. Love this place. The outdoor patio was very nice, the evening weather was warm and there was live music. Our server was very nice.
2	The food is way over rated.  Good but amateurish service.  We had to wave down the staff all dinner for chips and salsa, water, extra  drinks and our check.  The food was maybe one star plus.  Go to Los Sombreros for The real deal. I forgot, the chips were a massive grease pit.  They actually dripped when you took them out of the bowl.
2	I had the peach margarita which was recommended as the best marg on the menu by the bartender. It was not very good. I would not go to this restaurant again. I would go back to Blanco!!!
4	I would rate this place a five + star, and would definitely be coming back to Arizona for this! But I ordered some bomb portobello tacos and They were way to small! For the price, it wasn't enough at all. Also, I had the best horchata here! So yummy and I definitely recommend it! But again, small portions and no free refills. The ice took up the whole glass and not enough of the horchata was in there to satisfy.
3	Food was good but pricey. Service was subpar, we had to ask an employee to be assigned a waiter after waiting 10 minutes seated. The tacos are well made but very small...you can get the same taco for much cheaper outside of Scottsdale. If the service was better, I would come back. I probably won't.
5	In the mood for Mexican and in old town shopping around, why not try Barrio Queen!? This place wasn't very busy on a Saturday early afternoon which was really nice! Its a cute little Mexican Food place, gives off the normal ambiance, but what makes it a little cooler and catches your eye when your walking by, is their large patio area. They have a few outside tables along the side of their building and a larger covered area out back. Set up perfect for the weather we have been having lately. As soon as we stepped inside, everyone was very kind and helpful, this was our first visit, so they told us a little about the restaurant, the menu and their drinks.We stopped by for just a small quick bite, so we order 3 small tacos, the carnitas, Al Pastor and the Carne Asada and oddly some mimosa's to go with them! Who said you can't have tacos and mimosas for brunch!?? LOL! Our waiter was very nice, informative, and attentive and actually made our morning better with how friendly and smiley he was. They always say if you smile at someone, it rubs off! It definitely did and he really helped make our morning! I feel awful for not remembering his name  The tacos were small which we knew going in, so if you are hungry I would order a few, but they were definitely delicious! The meat all tasted good, the onion and cilantro was all fresh, tortillas were fresh and warm! Great tacos!Wonderful food, wonderful staff, cool place, had a great time!
4	Excellent Mexican food, would highly recommend.Went on a Monday afternoon, Margarita Mondays, so the Margaritas were half price.  They were very good, strong, tasty and refreshing.  For appetizer we had the guacamole, which they made at the table, always a plus.  The combination of spices, pomegranate seeds and avocado was excellent, a bit too much lime juice as it was kind of runny, but was still very tasty.For the entree, we had the 3 tacos for $10, and went for the pork, which came highly recommended by our waiter, who was very good.  Carnitas were excellent, chorizo also dynamite (we actually had the chorizo with a fried egg on top, awesome) and the brisket was also excellent.  Fish was good, but not as good as the pork or beef, stick to the pork or beef when you go there, they are much better.For dessert we split a churro, which was incredible, came with a caramel dipping sauce that was to die for.Overall the food was excellent, price was reasonable and service was good.  Only thing preventing this from getting 5 stars was that the Guacamole was a little bit runny and the service at first was slightly slow, other than that, dynamite.  I'd definitely go back.
3	My husband and I were in Scottsdale for the weekend. We were shocked by the lack of good Mexican food but decided to try a sit down option and found Barrio Queen. The atmosphere is fun. Very eclectic but festive. The table side guac was good but hardly guacamole - more like an avocado salsa. It still had great flavor. I ordered the suiza enchiladas. Too much congealed cheese for my liking. Lots of oils and other unidentifiable liquids on my plate. Even though our waitress was pleasant and attentive, I probably won't return.
4	A solid choice for great tacos, if you pick the right taco. The house specialty tacos really preform and reach that 5-star level. But a few of the standard taco's are uninspiring. I was very pleased with the drinks and starters. The service could use a little work, as I saw more than a few parties neglected. The seating near the entry way, where I dined, was a bit tight. But overall, I was very pleased.
4	Barrio Queen, you had me at guacamole made freshly before your eyes at your table side!A friend and I stopped at Barrio Queen for dinner during a recent trip to Scottsdale as we were craving some Mexican food (when in Rome, right?). We happened to be in the very cute downtown area and walked by this spot with its cool artwork, and figured we may as well give it a shot! And boy am I glad we did. Right off the bat, service was excellent as we were seated quickly and our server was very personable, attentive, and ready to answer any questions that we had. For starters, we opted for some chips and guacamole and let's just say that decision set the tone for the evening. As previewed above, they make the guacamole fresh before your eyes on a rolling kitchen table type contraption. It was awesome! I love me some guac, and as you may have guessed, their home made version did not disappoint.For my main course, I opted for three of the freshly prepared tacos that appear to be their calling card to some degree. Specifically, I went with one each of the barrio pollo, salmon con mango, and pescado. All came out wrapped lovingly in fresh, hand pressed corn tortillas. Though the tacos were a bit on the small side, they were all bursting with flavor and packed with fresh ingredients. I would definitely get the tacos again if I ever happen upon this spot, and perhaps be more adventurous and opt for some of the tacos featuring cactus. Before coming in here, I didn't even know cactus tacos were an option! Drinkwise, they offered a wide array of margaritas (apparently they have a Margarita Monday where margaritas are half off) along with your typical standard Mexican brews and a smattering of wines. If you find yourself in the downtown Scottsdale area, give Barrio Queen a try!
3	Barrio's tacos do not disappoint but their service leaves a lot to be desired. We have been there twice in 3 weeks for lunch and the service has been poor both times--extremely slow even though the restaurant wasn't crowded. Today, no at-table guacamole service and the usually awesome guacamole was not up to par. Why didn't we get the guacamole prepared to our specs? Because the waitress was too lazy to roll the cart to our table. Our margaritas sat empty far longer than they should have. No apologies. When I asked to speak with the manager (after the bill was paid, a discount was not my purpose) the manager was too busy to be bothered. Apparently the manager does not value the customers or their input. Skip this secondhand version and stick with the original Barrio Cafe in Phoenix. We will not go back.
2	I've been to this restaurant countless times since they first opened. The tacos are really tasty, and are the only reason I go back, because their service is certainly nothing to return for. When they first opened I figured they were still working the kinks out with their servers. Since they opened in 2012 and it is now 2014 and the service remains the same, if not worse, I am led to believe they just don't care that their servers are absolutely ignorant to how to serve people as well as being ignorant to customer service skills. From sitting at a table and waiting over 10 min to even be asked for a glass of water (only after I complained, mind you), to the same server continually getting portions of my entire  parties order wrong on several different visits, to absent waiters who act put out when you have to keep asking for things because you've been waiting for an extended amount of time even when the restaurant isn't busy....one can only conclude that they don't care about their customers as they keep these incompetent imbeciles employed at their establishment. If the tacos weren't so tasty I would certainly never return.
4	Referred by a friends glowing endorsement. I was impressed. Besides the unique atmosphere folks of all types fill the tables, booth and bar, moderate noise levels and a robust menu. It all makes for what appears to be a terrific gem just of old scottdales Fifth Avenue.   I sat check it out.
3	First time at Barrio Queen today. Had lunch with the family. Although they were very busy on a Saturday early-afternoon, we were seated quickly. We all ordered the $10 three-taco special. You can mix and match from 18 different tacos. I ordered a carnitas taco, one al pastor and one carne asada con chorizo azul. Between the four of us we ordered 16 tacos (they are traditionally small) and we got 15 different kinds. Chips and salsa arrived: both hand made which was a nice touch. The chips were hot, thick and just the right amount of salt. The salsa was thick with a little zip. Kinda went downhill a bit here. My wife is allergic to onions but the server said "no problem."  My daughter said she didn't want her tacos garnished with extra cilantro, (just a taste preference) and the boys had no changes. My wife's tacos had onions, my daughter's tacos were buried in cilantro and I received a wrong taco. The server did her best to make good on a bad situation.  She quickly brought hot, new tacos and gave us flan for dessert on the house. Nice remedy but I would have rather had it right the first time. On to the food:  the carnitas taco was good. Nothing earth shaking but tasty. Very spicy tho. The al pastor: awesome. Tender, sweet, spicy and just the right amount of char on the meat. The carne asada con chorizo azul: epic!  Tender, good char, great seasonings. Bleu cheese on a taco? Genius. I highly recommend the carne asada con chorizo azul. Next time I will probably get two of those and two al pastors and have a siesta later. Fix the ADHD issue in the kitchen and, Madre, you'll have a winner.
5	Hands down my favorite restaurant. I would eat here daily if I could! Table side guacamole with pomegranate seeds in it is absolutely amazing. You can get 3 tacos for $10 and they have such a wide variety! I always try a new one and am never disappointed. The margaritas are fresh and you can always get them by the pitcher. Great outdoor patio and dog friendly!
5	Had to try this place and I will definitely be going back! I got the Vasito de Elote which was just as good as on the Cobb!! It was an appetizer so the portion was prefect maybe 4oz.They make the guacamole at your table. It's different from how I make it smashed. They dice the avacado add everything and even pomegranate! Lime juice is freshly squeezed! I saw them at the bar squeezing it  for my micheladas, which was also good and only $4. Suizas enchilada- $15 The smell of them reminded me of my nanas homemade corn tortillas And the Tomatillo sauce on it was just the right spicy! I will def go again! All staff was nice and very helpful! We even bought a shot glass$3.50 and a T shirt$20.
5	Great tacos and margaritas/ cocktails, wait staff was A+, family friendly relaxed atmosphere, vegetarian options are limited,Highlights Lymon y coco, Huevo con Chorizo,Cochinita Pibil, Barrio Pollo
2	I have been spoiled at the other location in Phx.  We had the conchita pibil I think is what they call it not sure but it was great there so we happened upon this place in Scottsdale and thought we would give it a try.  I got a chicken burrito that was ok but I would never get it again if I did happen to go back.  My husband got a 3 taco plate which was either $3.50 a taco or 10.00 for 3 and when it came out it was shockingly small next to my burrito that was just a regular size.  My husband says they were approximately 1-2 bite tacos and honestly that is not an exaggeration.He finished his $10 tacos in 10 seconds flat still starving and asked to see the menu again.  He has never had to order another meal after eating a meal before just to satisfy his hunger.  This time we tried the appetizer I think it was carnitas that was soaked in coca cola or something.  It sounded good but it did not taste good.  The meat was extremely fatty and some pieces overcooked and tough even black.  I took 2 bites just to give it a fair shot but no just not good and he felt the same so the waiter was nice enough to take it off our bill.The manager came over and we told her how we felt in the nicest way possible.  She thanked us for the feedback and then told us that she hoped we would try them again even after we said honestly after this experience we wouldnt be back.  Maybe we just made all the wrong choices.  Who knows?  I guess we won't find out.
5	Great food!  Great area in Old Town Scottsdale.  Loved the Gaucamole made tableside.  Tasty tacos- need to order a few of them small, but tasty!  I would go back in a Heartbeat......
4	Huge, flavorful burrito, great drink selection, friendly service, and charming patio seating.
4	Stopped in for lunch today.  Loved the decor and patio.  Clean, bright and comfy chairs.  Service was a bit on the slow side.  A server came out after about 5 minutes and introduced himself, but then another server came and told him that she didn't think that was his table so he left....and then about 5 minutes later a different server came out and took our drink order.  The longest wait was from when we were seated to us getting our first drink.  After that things came out much more quickly.  That said.....drinks were good.  Margaritas were strong and only $3 dollars during happy hour which is apparently all day.  We had the tableside guacamole which was really good.  It was also Taco Tuesday so all tacos are $2.50 instead of $3.50.  I tried the napolitas (sp) which was ok.  It kind of tasted like green beans to me.  A bit on the bland side.  I also had the smoked salmon with mango taco.  That was good, but in my opinion it would have been better with un-smoked salmon.  The mango on it really helped freshen it up though.  My cousin has a burrito and she said it was great and as for the sauce that was on top....well, she wanted to lick it off her plate.  Enough said.  We also shared the flan which, although I am not an expert on flan or anything as I've only had a bite of it a couple of times, it was really, really good.  All in all, I'll definitely go back.
2	Went to Barrio Queen for lunch today.  I live in Chandler and was meeting a friend from Cave Creek so we wanted to meet somewhere in the middle.  I got a lot of recommendations to try this place and read the reviews on Yelp.  It sounded great!  Parking was easy... it was a Saturday afternoon but the underground garage had plenty of spaces and it's free.  We had to wait about 15 minutes for a table to sit outside.  It is unseasonably warm right now and unfortunately our table had a lot of sun so it was kind of hot!  But, it was a nice patio and I liked the overall feel of the place.  Our server took our drink order and I think she brought me a Coke Zero instead of Diet Coke.  After she came back I told her I didn't think it was a Diet Coke so she brought me a new drink which was correct...however it took a while for her to come back with it.  The food was ok.  A little pricier than I would have liked for what you actually get but I guess that's Scottsdale.  I had the Carne Asada torta that came with fries.  The fries were steak fry style (which I am not a fan of) and they had some kind of seasoning on them that I didn't care for.  The sandwich was actually very good but nothing I would go back for.  My friend had a salad -Aguacate Tomato Mango.  It was more like a plate of wedges of Avocado, Tomato, and mango...no lettuce or anything.  It looked good if you are into that but it wouldn't have been enough of a satisfying meal for me.  My bill with tip came to just under $20 and in my opinion, that was more than I thought it was worth.  It wasn't horrible and I would give it 2 1/2 stars but Yelp doesn't let you...so "Meh, I've experienced better" would perfectly sum it up.  I think I would have given it a better review if we sat in the shaded part of the patio and if I had ordered the 3 tacos for $10 plate...the tacos are supposed to be good.
3	If you like Guy Fieri, you'll love the food. If you love food, you may not appreciate the service or the lack of consistency in the product.
5	FABULOUS! OMG! Looking forward to taco Tuesdays.
5	Had dinner here last night. Seated quickly. Loves the relaxed atmosphere that was evident throughout the restaurant. Ordered 3 tacos and 2 Victorias. Each of the tacos were the size of the street tacos I get in LA, not small like others believe. The meat and condiments were tasty,hot and FRESH! Service was on point. My only negative was that they didn't have XL shirts. I figure it's just another reason to return for more tacos.
3	40 minute wait for a table of two is a real bummer to start out the evening.  The guacamole was good, but the excitement of having it made tableside was lacking here.  The tacos were tasty, but as other reviews said they are really tiny.  The Arizona burrito was really good with a nice heat in the green sauce.  The churros with caramel were yummy but could have used another couple on the plate to share.  The server was very nice, but busy so we felt a little neglected at times.
3	The food is wonderful but the service was a little spotty on the patio. Told us it was going to be a 15 min wait and then they seated us in 3. That was a good start, but would have been upset if we had gone somewhere else in our rush to eat that day. Was there for happy hour and got some tacos, the quesadilla, and a bunch of drinks. The $3 HH house margarita is solid, although they may try and up-sell you into a "nicer" one. If I wasn't there during HH I would have probably listened, but hard to justify the $5 more for a normal one. One of our tacos got switched out for another one. No biggie, it was delicious anyways, but would have been great to have what I ordered. Location on the patio is really nice. I don't know if I would ever want to sit inside unless it was summer.
1	Okay so I tried to attempt to surprise my husband by going here again after our first adventure there and did not have a pleasant experience. But once again we were disappointed we went on Feb 15th waited 45 minutes to come sit which was fine but when they called us to go sit  there was tons of seats open the nightly traffic had slowed down a bit so you could see they were not to busy especially in the section we were seated in. On to our waitress. Very unfriendly so unfriendly I can't even remember her name. It took her 15 minutes to even as us what we wanted to drink then we order the OH SO Yummy Guacamole but again it took 10 minutes to get that and she was in a hurry and added way to much lime juice but it wasn't even worth complaining about cause we never seen her around. And when ordering our food we had questions about the food and the waitress refused to even explain it was like she was in a hurry. I was very frustrated and just ended up ordering 2 taco's and my husband just a burro. We waited a very long time to even see our waitress to get our check . I don't know why we have twice now received this type of treatment from this place. I am not complaining about the food just the service treatment. Very disappointed again.
5	I love the art work probably more than the food but it's a toss up.  Both are wonderful.Happy hour is a good deal and service is always spot on.
1	Sorry, I can't recommend this place. The ambiance and presentation are good, but that's about all. The food was overpriced and yet smaller than kid size portion. The best thing here was the chips and guacamole they serve you before your meal...except by don't tell you it's $11 for a small bowl of tortilla chips. Save your money, go elsewhere. Unless you're fine with shelling out $50 for a few quarter size tortillas, a couple pieces of vegetables and a few tortilla chips.
5	Quick, friendly staff, great Happy Hour!Get the guac! It isn't on the HH menu, but its delish!
2	The food is overpriced for what you get. Our waiter charged us 3.00 for chips and salsa but never told us it wasn't free. My sister's 2 tacos (for 7.00 and no sides) were so small they could be considered appetizers. My burrito for 11.00 was a decent size but does not come with any sides for that price.The service was okay but not great. I won't be rushing back there.
2	Atmosphere is great. Food portions for the Tacos is extremely small.  More like an appetizer.  Waiter seemed disappointed that we only ordered water and iced tea for drinks instead of an alcoholic beverage (at 11 a.m.!).  Can't believe a Mexican Restaurant charges for chips and salsa with the prices of the food. No extras come with what you order - no rice, no beans for expensive lunch. Won't be back.
1	If I could give -1 star I would. The service on the patio was horrific. First off the server got our drink order and after that didn't return for about 25 minutes. I had to ask for salsa to go with my chips (isn't that common sense to just bring it with the meal?) anyways my water glass had a crack all the way down the side after after the waiter was informed he seemed to have forgotten my new water so I was sitting there drink less for about half my meal. We spent $10.75 for table side guacamole, it was horrible, it was one avocado, pico, and pomegranate seeds, then doused in like juice, the avocado was not mashed it was chunks... We could barley eat it. We ordered the 3 tacos for $10 and they were bite sized. The server was very negligent of our needs and made us feel very unwelcome... I would not suggest this place! There are plenty of places to eat in Scottsdale and this place doesn't appreciate your business!
1	Worst choice in Scottsdale! The server was beyond rude, it took us almost two hours to eat out dinner, the table side guacamole was gross and the server was one of the worst I have ever had. The food was overpriced for what you get, go to Baja Fresh and you get the same food... Actually twice as much for half the price.
2	I really want to rave about this place because there were some big positives. The patio seating was beautiful, the decor and art was awesome, and the whole place has this kind of upscale trendy fusion vibe. The burrito my husband ordered was seriously amazing--some kind of pulled pork that had fresh flavor and delicious sauce. However, our service was seriously lacking. We waited forever for everything, and she forgot out $11 table-side made guacamole. She wasn't around, so we had to ask a server at a nearby table where it was, and when she finally came to make it, she just kind of rushed through it and slammed it on the table. We asked for moderate spice and the guac was totally flavorless. The ingredients were of good quality, and I actually thought the addition of pomegranate would have been nice if we weren't essentially given a flavorless bowl of avacado hunks. I ordered the fried shrimp tacos, which were completely average. I ate one of the three and gave the rest to my husband.  I should have known better than to order dessert, but I did it anyway--mostly because I was still hungry from not eating my tacos. I ordered churros, and it took half an hour to get one. freaking. churro. The server came up to us to tell us she was scared to come to our table because she knew it was taking way too long, and complained that she didn't know why they weren't done because all it took was for them to dump it in the fryer. When it actually got to the table, it was completely overdone. I didn't finish it. Hubby's food and margarita were solid, mine was mediocre at best, and the service was bad. I would give this place one more try, but I was pretty disappointed because it was recommended by several people.
1	If you order tacos, be aware that you will not get tacos.  You'll get TINY little tortillas (maybe 3" in diameter) with a pinch of meat on them.  NOT WORTH $10.Order a burrito.
3	They have the Strongest happy hour margarita!  2 shots of tequila in it for $3!  But the service is soooooo slow.  The taco tuesday tacos were a good price.  I only liked the Pollo with the cream sauce.  The other tacos were just ok.
3	Great Tacos, authentic and a lot of variety.  The guacamole is also amazing.  Sit outside if you can, great atmosphere.
5	Really good. The chili Verde burrito was super.  Carne asada burrito was awesome. Our server Adrian was fun and had great suggestions.   If you are looking for good Mexican food in Scottsdale, this is the joint.
4	Been here both for lunch and dinner and both meals were great. Did the taco platter both times as it is a great way to sample different foods. My favorites were the basically any of the pork tacos. Had the table side guacamole a well which was pretty good. Lastly, sitting on the patio this time of year is awesome.
5	Barrio Queen is quite possibly my favorite place in Scottsdale. The food is amazing, the margaritas are strong, the service is great and the patio is perfection. We find ourselves there every month or so. I always get something different. The tacos are awesome but kind of on the small side. I could probably eat 10. The quesadilla on happy hour is fantastic. I ordered two. The enchiladas are yummy and filling. The house margaritas (on happy hour for $3!) are perfection. All tequila shots on happy hour are half off so it's a good way to try new kinds with out opening your wallet wider than you'd like. I wish they would bring back the goat cheese and shrimp quesadilla though. It was hands down the best thing on the menu. When we have friends come to town, this is the first place I bring them. Usually just for an afternoon happy hour to relax, sip margaritas and try as many items on the menu as our stomachs can handle. When we stopped in last week, our server, Maggie, was super helpful with picking out a few tequilas and was very nice. The service is always great and on point.
5	My go to for tacos. Ive eaten dinner here almost every Tuesday night since moving to AZ. We've been dubbed the "taco Tuesday" club. Great house margaritas and barrio pollos! Ask for Ron or Arturo as your waiter and you won't be disappointed!
4	I'm a bourbon drinker and almost never have anything else but the only one they offer is Makers Mark. I understand that they specialize in tequila (over 300) but only one bourbon was still a disappointment. That said,  the margaritas are just incredible- highly suggest that you try one. The guacamole is prepared table-side and is oozing with freshness. I had 5 of their tacos as an entree (pork, salmon, chicken, cactus, and one other ?)... they were very good. 5 tacos may sound gluttonous, but they each can be eaten in 2 bites. All of the food was very fresh and you got a sense that it was prepared with care. Overall my party of 7 had a great meal (dinner) while sitting outside on the patio. If definitely suggest that you try this place for a fun, relaxed dinner with a seriously stiff drink.
4	Good happy hour - green chile pappas were wonderful - carnitas, carne asada tacos perfect - do not hesitate to go.  Service was friendly and prompt.  will return
1	Think again before going here! I tried it about two months ago and the guacamole got me to try it a second time....what a mistake! Service was some of the worst I've ever had. Food was ok, nothing special. Chips were stale. Even the second basket they brought over when I requested a new one. The wait for our food (burrito & 3 tiny tacos) was about 40 min. Never again! Too bad too because they have a cute little patio!
1	This was the worst experience I have ever came across. The male server was the most disrespectful person I have ever met. Considering I am a bartender an server at a Mexican restaurant I know how to treat customers right as they are always right if they are not satisfied. We asked if they had beans an rice an he told us to go Taco Bell if we wanted that. He said his manager told his employees to say that... How disrespectful? I asked for a blended margarita an he said to go to 7 eleven an get a slurpee there... I will never come back to this place unless they get new management or figure out how to communicate w costumers.
5	Wow!  So delicious- we tried 6 different tacos all were great and distinctly different. We will have to return and eat our way through the menu!  Most adventurous Mexican restaurant I have ever experienced.
1	Stay awaaaaaay. Food is not bad they just add too much cheese to wverytning. They dont have salsa. Looool. Chips only served with $12 guacamole made with one avocado.  How sketchy is that?  Service is also mediocre. Wont be coming back here. You should not even try this place. Trust the negative comments.
2	Cool place, bad food. The tacos were not impressive at all. The tortillas were cold and the food seemed to be pre-made earlier that day. Definitely not fresh. My stomach ache all night was a reminder to never go  back.
5	Never had a boring meal here.  Always fun with really interesting food.  Flavors go "pow, Pow, POW" in your mouth.Whenever we take friends or visitors who are big into good food, we all have a great time.  Our friends from out of town are jealous that we have a place like this.First time we went there, the chef/owner stopped by and chatted with us.  She explained how she had traveled around Mexico to learn the regional cuisines.  Well, she definitely paid attention because she now creates some amazing dishes.All the food is excellent, the price is great and the atmosphere is fun.
5	Possibly my favorite restaurant in the Phoenix area.  The tacos are delicious, and the coconut margarita is a highlight as well.
3	Food was great and so was the Margaritas.  It was taco Tuesday and it took forever to get the races.  $2.50 a piece.  They were small but very good.  I made the mistake of ordering flan and it took forever to get.  They have it to me for free but I wish I said forget it.  It wasn't worth the wait.
3	I don't like paying for chips and salsa!!  Just give us the darn things and charge for refills.  The chips were indeed good, but I don't know about the $4 price tag, maybe even lower the price.  Happy hour has great deals, if you are into high-end tequilas!  All tequilas and appetizers are 50% off.  I have only had the app Carnitas en Chile Verde because it is so delicious (bowl of yummy melt in your mouth pork with cheese etc. with homemade chips to scoop it up)!  The patio and atmosphere are decent.  My service always seems to be alright here, not horrible, yet not great either.  Not sure I would go out of my way to come here aside from the happy hours :)
4	If you would like great tasting Mexican food with a side of attitude come here! My friend asked for rice and the waiter pretty much rolled his eyes and said Barrio Queen isn't Mexican American. Margaritas are Mexican American and it's on your menu! Aside from that the menu is unique and I like the modern decor.
2	Very good location, good music, decent food. BUT ... the service is very very bad. The bartenders (specially the one with the bangs) when you are waiting they are so rude. They say they are a full bar but limited. As far as I know a full bar is a full bar. They do not carry Absolute and they do not have olives. This restaurant is surrounded for many good restaurants.  This restaurant will go out of business soon, if they do not train the employees. Not recommended at all.
1	So to celebrate Cinco de Mayo last night my wife and I were eager for a margarita. We decided would try Barrio Queen. We had been there before late at night and really liked it. We bring the kids, 14, 10, and 5. Okay that's a little risky but it's not a quiet place and my kids are pretty well behaved and they want to celebrate too. So it was an unusually perfect night out out and as we walked up at 6 pm there were lots of spots on the patio. We asked for a patio seat and we're told 30-45 minutes. Kind of a surprise but okay. So after 1:15 we are still waiting as party after party arrive well after us and fill up the patio. We finally said we would sit anywhere and eventually get seated at an indoor table. We get one of those tables down the main aisle with a booth bench on one side and chairs on the other. Not perfect for a family but whatever. Just got worse after that. Can't find our server, then can't get our drinks. Takes another 20 minutes just to finally get a margarita. Finally order. The food comes in bursts with some of us finished eating before other food arrives. Our table side guacamole appetizer gets served after we are all done eating our entrees. It was bizarre. Seemed deliberately kid UNFRIENDLY. Worst service I have had out in over 10 years and we eat out frequently.  To give you an idea, I have never written a negative review until now.  What a bummer.
5	I was visiting my rents from Ohio.  My dad recommended the place and its was fantastic.  Authentic ingredients. We ordered the guacamole as an appetizer and they added some great fruits to the mix! Burritos was fantastic and filling! Muchos Gracias!
4	Had skinny marg, guacamole, and 3 tacos.  Shrimp taco, fish taco, and steak taco with egg.  The shrimp was my favorite of the 3, and I felt like the fish was a little over cooked.  The guacamole was good, but could have done without the cranberries. Margarita was ok.
5	This place is great! Food is delicious and authentic. Service is fast and the staff is very friendly.  I will definitely be back again!
1	Awful tacos so small disappointed brou g t family visiting from Chicago. ..service was so slow our waiter had no idea what he was doing they use very cheap meat and so skimpy on the chips and salsa please don't waste your money or time with so many other great scottsdale restaurants!!!!!!
5	Terrific food, margaritas and guacamole. Best happy hour for a group. Mena's only stop in Scottsdale. Try the late night deals when you are stumbling around Old Town and hungry. Go!
1	Food was good. Margaritas were weak. Service was absolutely terrible - perhaps the worst service I have ever experienced at any restaurant. The party at the next table appeared to agree - they got up and left after ordering their dinner. I would never recommend this restaurant and will never go again.
5	oh my yummm!   BRAND NEW OPEN!!ok, i have been a fan of barrio cafe for quite some time, so i was pretty excited that they were opening something so close to me (which was my biggest complaint of "cafe")   location yay!   they totally re-did super cute inside... a wee bit small.. but i'm ok w that... other half of their business not open yet,  curious how that will go.  servers very nice,  food fantastic, and the menu is quite extensive... i will need to eat there day and night to try all... happily!  yay love!!OOOOPS. This never posted when new.. So add on update ;)Still awesome!!!!  Yay!!!!
3	Great for casual drinks and I like the atmosphere.  However,  I still prefer the original Barrio in central phoenix over this sister location.
2	The service was good. Happy Hour wine also good. Food was terrible. We ordered our dinner and within 3 minutes we had our cold meals. Very greasy. Will not go back.
2	Sitting on the patio on a Sunday afternoon watching the Ladies of Maricopa County in their impossibly high heels and very short skirts (how do they stride along like that????) stroll by was fun.  As for the rest---after wanting so badly to try the Barrio Queen and being thwarted countless times, all I can say is: what a disappointment,  Of the four of us, not a single diner at our table could find anything really positive to say. The Mexican food at Filiberto's is better and so is the service.  All I hear about is all the accolades the chef/owner has received----she must be juicing the judges up on margaritas.  Won't be back.
5	My family and I were visiting from Santa Clara on holiday at a nearby Hilton when were in the mood for Mexican food.After walking in downtown Scottsdale we decided to try this place. We were immediately seated by our waitress, Ivette(sp), and were given a complimentary appetizer. The booth my wife, six children, and I sat in was perfect. I ordered the Barrio Pollo Burrito...OUTSTANDING! The quality of the chicken was superior. The horchata is the best I have ever had and the genuine service Ivette provided was top notch. I look forward to returning to Barrio Queen when in the Scottsdale area in the future.
4	While visiting Scottsdale, I found this place on yelp. I'm really glad we stopped in for an early dinner.We sat at the bar and enjoyed some ice cold beers and apps.They brought out some hot chips and salsa..I can't remember the name of the slow roasted pork dish but it was great. It was beyond filling...We will be back if we are in the area....
5	I used to live around the corner from this place and would order the posole to go as often as I could. Now I've moved out of AZ and I can not find a place that even holds a candle to this place. Completely AMAZEBALLS
2	Met friends for dinner last night as had been interested in trying one of the Barrio restaurants for quite awhile. The restaurant has a nicely shaded patio which was great to be able to sit outside in June! Really enjoyed the guacamole made table side as it had the cranberries that really gave it a twist!Servicewise?? Beers took forever to get to the table and once delivered, were incorrect. The patio misters were on full blast and by the time we left, the back of my shirt  and my head was soaked with water. I have never blow dried my head at a restaurant before but cant say that now! Several tables made mention of the heavy mist that was to go off at 8p but we were still in a London fog a 815pm.The chicken burrito was good but I rushed through it so I could leave and dry off. Guess we should have changed tables and moved inside but not all of us were getting the free shower and that was never offered to us.
4	Very hippy Mexican restaurant in downtown Scottsdale, the food is excellent the service was good. It's a great place to stop while shopping or browsing the arts. I had he carne asada torta served w fries and cold slaw very good, you also get complementary chips and dip. It's a little noises for table conversation lots of repeating but overall not bad experience. Full bar and patio during nice months, the staff is great very attentive
5	This was my first experience here and I absolutely love it! We came on a Sunday afternoon and it happens to be happy hour which is always a good thing. We had the house margs and they were amazing and cheap. I ordered the chicken enchiladas which had a nice twist and my boyfriend had 3 different tacos which he loved. Overall we recommend the enchiladas over the tacos. Also our waiter was super friendly and helpful with the menu! LOVE it and will be back!
3	My husband and I ate here for the first time last week. Our experience didn't start off so well, as we waited close to 10 minutes to be acknowledged by one of the bartenders who both seemed to be ignoring the 6 or 7 other people at the bar and were both working the well. After finally being greeted, we waited another 5 minutes for our drinks. 15 minutes for two beers is a little much! However, things got better when we were seated. Our server was very friendly and knowledgable. We ordered the corn appetizer and table side guacamole. The guacamole was delicious, but I wouldn't order the corn again. To be fair, I was expecting it to be as good as a similar corn dish served at the Elote Cafe in Sedona, but it didn't come close. We ordered about 5-6 tacos from the taco menu which I would give an overall rating of a 7. The unusual ingredients and combinations were fun, but I thought the overall execution was just ok. I'll be back for the guacamole though.
4	Really cool spot in Scottsdale.  Just dropped in on a random 'Taco Tuesday' food was great and staff was super.
4	From our experience on July 5, 2014 I would say Barrio Queen is a good restaurant, and would recommend you try it.  We arrived just before 6 PM and were seated immediately.  We were brought their great chips, bean dip, and water right away.  Our server was right there with menus and asking for our drink orders.  The service continued to be perfect for the entire experience.All three of us loved our dinners.  I had "Chilies En Nogada" ($24).  It was probably the best dish I've ever had at a Mexican restaurant.  This is one of their "signature" dishes.  Treat yourself.  You won't regret it.My wife had Suizas Con Chorizo Enchiladas ($15.50) and it was very good too.  Our friend had the Arizona Burrito ($11), which she said was good too.  I had their Reina Sangria which was one of the better Sangrias I've had ($8).  The Dos XX Amber draft beer was only $3, which is a good price for a beer these days.Overall we liked everything about the Barrio Queen, except maybe the Mexican music, and that ugly industrial concrete and bare pipe ceiling. We would go back.  In our opinion the food is a cut above most Mexican restaurants.
4	I grew up in AZ on Sonoran style mexican food.  Much as I enjoy it, it just ain't health food.  The Barrio has improved on the old standbys. No longer does your food swim in melted cheese.  We had the guacamole made tableside - a little cilantro and dried cranberries make it really special.  They make their own corn tortillas which make great chips.  We shared a plate of cheese enchiladas.  The side veggies were done perfectly - cooked but crisp.  the black beans had just enough sauce.  But the best was that enchilada sauce, which they also make themselves.  A smoky flavor - probably chipotle chilis? At any rate, loved the food.  Service was not fussy (Sunday noon in the summer) but good.  had  a nice glass of chilled white to go with our food.  We will definitely be back.
5	Taco Tuesday is the best! The Horchata is made in house from scratch and is the best I've had. Tres Leches is also amazing!
5	Went for lunch today with some coworkers and had a great experience! Our waiter provided superior service, the complimentary chips and bean dip was delicious, and the tacos were amazing!!! The quality of food for the great price on Taco Tuesday is win-win!! I tried a barrio pollo taco, shrimp taco, fish taco, and the huevos con chorizo taco.  All were delicious, but the pollo and fish tacos were by far my fave!!
4	Taco tuesdays? at a fancy place? well you had me at "taco". that's right...every tuesday, all day, is taco tuesday at Barrio Queen. and they have a requisite happy hour....3 dollar house margaritas (which are super tasty and flavorful and they don't taste like they're from a mix), and 5 dollar house wines and drafts. all their tacos are 2.50 on tuesdays. there are about 6 options for non-meat eaters, and about a dozen for the meat lovers. we got 4 each....one of the smoked salmon with mango, one of the "fungus" corn, one of the beer battered fish, and one of the cactus. my favorite was the fish, probably because it was fried. the "fungus" corn was also tasty and a close second place. the smoked salmon was my least favorite because the smokiness was very strong, but still good. service was wonderful...decor is wonderful. but just so you know before you go...the tacos are very, very small. they seemed even smaller than street size. still, the flavor was worth 2.50 considering a few other places have same sizes for not even a fraction of the taste.
5	Not only have I had one divine meal after another at Barrio Queen, but every single person that I've sent there (I work in a nearby gallery) has gone out of their way to come back and thank me for the referral. Locals love it as well as midwesterners and eastern visitors. The food is literally the best Mexican food available anywhere in the US; the list of 100+ Tequilas had more than a few surprises for me (and I have over 30 varieties in my home - not one of them named Jose!); and the prices reflect Barrio more than Scottsdale. The staff is friendly, knowledgable and able to make individual suggestions that fit the guest's taste. As much as I love Barrio Cafe in Phoenix, this is my top choice of her current restaurants. And the fact that we are willing to drive down from Cave Creek, where we have Binkley's and Cafe Bink, is a real testament to just how much we love Barrio Queen!
1	I hear good things about the food here and couldn't wait to go with a group of family and friends for my sisters 30th birthday. First off they absolutely do not take reservations, this irritated me but I thought ohwell no big deal. Before we went I called and asked if we were ok to bring our own cake to sing and celebrate for my sister.. This is where I'm annoyed and give this restaurant 1 star so I call and they say "yes sure but it will be a $5 charge per person." So let me get this straight, we are bringing a cake and you are charging me to cut it? I even asked if I could bring my own plates and cut it myself and they said if I did that it would be a $3 charge per person. This is just so dumb to me, there was 15 of us and i couldnt believe they wanted to charge us to bring our own cake! We ended up going and not taking a cake, food was ok. Nothing special, and we ended up spending over $300 dollars. Service was ok nothing great and I definitely won't be going back!
3	The food is good and I like the atmosphere.  Drinks also tasty but expensive.I liked this place better when the weren't so uppity and offered chips and salsa. Our waiter said 'we don't have chips anymore' but then shortly afterwards the table next to us had chips sitting on the table.  It was very frustrating.I guess you 'can' get chips if  you order the $10 table guacamole, but what if you don't like guacamole??  Maybe this place it just to 'trendy' for me...I just get tired of every place in Scottsdale trying to be 'haute cuisine' and usually failing.  How about some regular 'good food'...
2	A friend and I went here last night (it was a Friday night). We arrived at 8:30pm and were told it was a 20 minute wait for a table. When we were finally seated (around 9pm) about half the restaurant was empty with multiple empty tables, which I thought was a bit strange seeing as they had not only us, but other people waiting. We ordered the tableside guacamole which came with cranberries in it, and was lovely. I prefer the guacamole at The Mission though, because they ask you how spicy you like it and it is more tailored to your preferences, at Barrio Queen, they just put everything in and make it in front of you. We both ordered 3 tacos from the menu and the Paloma cocktail. The cocktail was nice, a little syrupy, and too sweet for my taste but overall not bad. The tacos were very small, but nice. I love spicy food, and so does my friend but we were floored on the carne asada y chile taco. I think it burnt about half my tastes buds out of my mouth and was quite unpleasant. The jalepeno in it had been roasted and none of the seeds had been taken out so it was like eating fire. As someone who never has problems with spicy food this was a massive surprise. The one taco that stood out the most and really impressed me was the chicken and chorizo barrio house special taco. It was truly incredible and given half the chance I would eat about 10.The one thing that put me off the most, was the ambiance. While the location and decor was nice enough, and somewhat what you expect from a Mexican eatery in Arizona, for the price of the meal I thought the decor was a bit down market. This place lacks sophistication, which is reflected in the patrons who get very drunk and loud, while there are crying babies at the next table. So if thats the kind of mood your in, go for it. But the claims that this place is Mexican fine dining is false.
3	Went in on Friday night. Lots of empty table but we were told it was a 20 minute wait. Instead we went to the bar that is in the dining room and we were the only ones at the bar. Weird.Bartender was excellent and we had fast service. I ordered the Arizona Burrito - Very Tasty!. However... My friend ordered the 3 for $10 tacos. He asked how big they were and they said street taco size. 3 should do it. When they were served the tacos made us start laughing. The tortilla was about 3" across. No kidding they were honestly one bite each. He did think they were great tasting though.We also ordered a tres leche desert. Very average.One bloody maria, one soda, a burrito, 3 tiny tacos and a desert. $40 Plus tip. Won't be my first choice of places to return to but it is downtown Scottsdale....
4	We dined here not knowing it was Taco Tuesday and boy, we were glad we did!! We ordered the guacamole, 6 different tacos, the carne asada burrito, a carne asada kids meal, as well as a pitcher of the white sangria. Everything was delicious!!! As for the restaurant itself and the service, we dined outside since the cool misters truly made dining outside a pleasure. Service was great too, especially since they treated our 21 month old son so well!!!
5	This place was great. Monday half priced margaritas. El Don was fantastic. Price was right.  And the crane a dada burrito was awesome best burrito I have ever had. No lie.
2	In a Gist: This is truly a "meh" experience. The food is average given the price range. The ambiance and service are also not features to scream about either. Given the fact that Barrio Queen does not take reservations, nor does it call you when your name is up on their wait-list, this is simply not worth it in my mind. Accessibility: Drive and park. I was in Scottsdale for one night so I don't know what public transit/walking to this place is like. Ambiance: Meh. It's really nondescript. They have a pseudo industrial feel going on with bottles of tequila in metal framing throughout the restaurant but that doesn't really do it for me. Service: Meh again. They were more or less on top of their game but my water did not get as much attention as I'd like. If I were to lump together putting our name on the waitlist, going to another bar, returning 45 minutes later (we were told it was a 45 minute wait) and finding that we had to wait another 20 minutes because our name was called and we weren't there, then this would be downgraded to a "nope". I realize they expect us to sit there (and perhaps spend money at their bar which had not room for us to stand at) but most places call you (as in phone call) when your name is up.Food: I had three tacos for ten dollars. As others have mentioned, these are small tacos. I'm talking about two normal sized bites per taco. Unless you're only slightly peckish, three is not enough. The tacos are also unremarkable. Edible, acceptable but nothing special. Since I was still a bit hungry after my three tacos, I ordered the flan for dessert. Also meh. Perhaps I'm holding it to too high of a standard (my last flan before the one I had here was absolutely superb). Worth the 6 dollars I paid? Maybe. Maybe not.Overall Assessment: It should be fairly obvious from my review. This place is the epitome of "meh". Nothing exceptional. A general let down and waste of time. I regret not having stayed at Second Story Liquor Bar where we had drinks while waiting for our dinner as well. The food and menu looked much better than the Barrio Queen (I know it's not the same style but this isn't going to quench any desperate Mexican food urges).
4	On a Positive Note:By far one of the best Mexican restaurants in area!  Be sure to clear your calendar for Margarita Monday's, their Happy Hour it's fantastic!The Downside:The service is horrid!  We stopped in for Happy Hour at the bar and the bartender told us " I'm going on break go sit at a table"!  Needless to say we were shocked and after waiting15 mins for the hostess to try to clear us a table at 4:30pm we walked out.
5	I love everything about this place.  I have been here numerous times and it is always fantastic.  My favorites are the al pastor tacos and the carne asada with chorizo tacos...so good!  The chips and black bean dip which come complimentary with all meals is delicious.  The food is fresh, flavorful and very tasty.  It's also nice that there is a public parking lot next door so you don't have to fight for a parking spot.
3	Decent, but not even close to the original barrio. Expect bad service
2	Location isn't everything. Had to stand up after 10 minutes to find a waiter to take our order. Chips and salsa came out seconds before the food. Isaac was a good waiter but he did not make up for the poor and over priced food. They even messed up the chips and salsa which is very hard to accomplish.
5	We happened to stumble upon this little gem during restaurant week and still can't stop talking about it! The entire meal was an adventure of flavors in just the right portions to leave us satisfied, but not overly stuffed. Very lively atmosphere with a wait staff that's quick and efficient!
1	Went here with a bunch of friends tonight. Had to wait 40 min for a table on a Thurs and another hour before we received our food. The tacos were cold and less than par and over priced. Seriously $11 for 3 cold carne asada tacos!!! Obviously the lease on this place is ridiculous to charge those kind of prices. The salsa was watered down and had little flavor. Don't even get me started on the service...let's just say bad, real bad. I wouldn't visit this place again if it was free.
5	Went there on a Tuesday night with my boyfriend for "Taco Tuesday." Very cool atmosphere! The server was extremely nice and the food was delicious!
4	Theme is excellent. Cool place to hang out. Food taste great  but it is like sushi where you may need to order a few items to feel fed.
5	Second time in town and I had to come back.  Food is great.  Feel like I'm in Mexico in here.. Love the people and decor.  Not had one bad bite here!!
4	Tacos were excellent, different but still within the "mexican" genre and not polluted by other cultural ideas.  Good job maintaining yet improving an already high performing food breed.
1	The service was ok.  No refills because the server never came back after the meal was delivered.  Forgot our appetizer, but got it lickety split after we got our meal.  I had the Nogada.   Fabulous but not worth $24 for a chili relleno in white sauce.  My son had the Azteca..bad pork for $19.  The tortillas are the size of sand dollars.  I would recommend it if the price was cut in half.  Not worth the price.   Of course both dishes were the "recommended" dishes...also the most expensive.
3	Concerned now that Silvana has left and gringos own the place.  Silvana was the heart and soul, now they are at airports and believe me it will not be the same .  Thank god we still have the Barrio cafe to go to.
5	Atmosphere is great! The food is even better. The salsa dip to start was amazing and I tried the mushroom tacos. They were amazing! Great staff with great attitudes. I will be back !
1	After everyone raving about this place and Martha Stewart eating here we knew we had to go. We gave it three different tries. We are done. I fail to understand the appeal of this restaurant or how they stay in business. The food is decent, but don't be hungry or have any place to be as you'll be waiting. And waiting. That's after you've waited and waited for one of the empty tables. Then there is the completely incompetent, rude and totally unprofessional staff to round out your miserable dinner.
3	I did a Yelp search for Taco Tuesday and found this restaurant, which was a little too fancy for the average Taco Tuesday. Their "taco tuesday" deal means you get $1 off your already expensive tacos.. While they were deliciously gourmet, and exactly the unique flavor experience I was looking for, you could eat one taco in two bites. :/Tacos were delicious but way too small, and overpriced for the size. If you go here for the tacos, I'd make a night of it. Get yourself an appetizer, a couple drinks, and dessert if you want to be be satisfied by the time you're done.
3	I expected more... Food is pretty good , but does not stack up to the hype. Decor is pretty cool if you are in to the whole "dead" thing... I must have come on an off night. It's like a giant bus from Sun City stopped by and unloaded a bunch of old people into this place. I kid you not.. Oh and the real kick in the balls was when they came with the check... 3 entress and 4 margarita comes to $103.63!!! WTF...
5	The food was delicious! The meat was perfectly spiced and the churros filled with sweetened goats milk were to die for. I had to hold myself back from gathering a plateful. I polished the night off with a beautiful coconut margarita. Well done, Barrio Queen.
4	Great Mexican food + Sugar Skull makeup = super fun night.This was my first time and Barrio Queen and I'm addicted. I was able to enjoy this great October night out on their patio in Old Town Scottsdale. Tonight was a Day of the Dead theme party which they will also have on Nov 1st and Nov 2nd (2014) with live music and face painting for a fun and festive celebration.Food was Ah-mazing. Mainly I am speaking of the tacos and churros. The chips were tasty and the guacamole was okay, it wasn't bad, but I felt like there were a lot of other ingredients mixed in that it became hard to taste the avocados. Another appetizer, the Vasito de Elote, consisted of grilled corn kernels that are severed in a cup, topped with butter, mayo, cotija cheese, Valentina hot sauce, cilantro, and lime was good, but anything topped with butter is better.  I also sampled the Ceviche Salad, which wasn't my cup of tea, but that rarely is so don't let my opinion skew yours. Okay so onto the tacos, I tried the Al Pastor (marinated pork topped with diced onion, cilantro, fresh pineapple, and red salsa) and the Huitlacoche y Champinon which is packed with mushrooms, shallots and garlic topped with pico de gallo. Both were so good and I love mushrooms and am still salivating over these tacosl - so flipping good. Oh and the churros? Not only are they fried and rolled in cinnamon and sugar to perfection, but THEY ARE STUFFED WITH CARAMEL (or maybe it was butterscotch, I couldn't tell, but it didn't really matter! Being that this is a Tequileria, I had to try a couple of their margaritas even though tequila isn't my favorite (mainly I have to say "bye" to whoever I am with because my autopilot gets switched on). I ended up trying the Limon y Coco Margarita first since it is a coconut flavored tequila and it could ease me in - man was it tasty. I love pina coldas and thus reminded me of that, but melted, and not as sweet, I wanted another to order another one, but also I went for something else. That being their Casa Margarita which was still flavorful compared to other restaurant house margs I have tried and I recommend it along with the Limon y Coco. The service here is wonderful and I would come back just for that reason. Staff is friendly, fast, and efficient. Something that I don't take for granted. The bummer is that they do not take reservations and with the size of the restaurant you may have to wait awhile for a table if you come during prime time hours. Also, for what I am used to with Mexican food, these prices seem a bit higher. On the plus they do have great specials if you are able to catch them. I will be back
3	This place left me scratching my head. Came here for lunch on Taco Tuesday and it was understandably very busy. I don't really understand the hype for this place. Overpriced all around. If it wasn't Taco Tuesday I would have been mad for spending full price. The guac was most disappointing to me - it was way too mild for my taste and pretty expensive. The decor is awesome though! Definitley no major complaints but also wouldn't be dying to come back any time soon. Way too many other great spots in town for good tacos.
3	Went for taco Tuesday for lunch and the service wasn't good. I think there was only one server on though. Thats not a good thing if your looking to get in and out for your one hour lunch break. Made me very late back to work. She took 15 min just to get our water and then made a comment about us needed out bills separated. She never gave us a chance to tell her...Good food. I would even try it again despite the bad service. Taco were the tiniest things I have ever seen though! Mixed about this place.
3	God bless Taco Tuesdays and the genius who invented the concept. I went on a Tuesday night for that very reason because it's hard to pass up a $2.50 taco. Their taco menu is quite extensive so whether you love carnitas or fish or veggies, you will likely find something to tempt you. I tried the nopalitos and huitlacoche y champinon, which had mushroom and other veggies. They were pretty small tacos and I've had better nopales elsewhere but for $5 total, it's hard to complain! I particularly enjoyed the veggie taco as the earthiness of mushrooms always plays well with the queso fresco. My friend and I ordered the table side guacamole, which had pomegranate seeds throughout. The chips were pretty good- homemade, crunchy, and fresh- and they were generous on the avocado. Even with a margarita, the total bill was about $15. Not bad for a dinner out! Being from the taco capital of the US, I suppose I may be snobbier about my tacos. But hey, Barrio is a great deal with a good atmosphere and totally worth it for Taco Tuesday!
4	*All tacos are prepared on mini corn tortillas, so those with corn allergy (like me) take note!*Was here last week for a Yelp Elite event (El dia de los muertos) and had a blast!  The whole patio was reserved for us, and the service was very good!  Took a date with me that night, and he didn't even blink when I suggested we return six nights later.  I only found out that Tuesdays were Taco Tuesdays a few hours before he texted that he'd be picking me up.  The man that answered my questions on the phone misled me when I asked to confirm that tacos were indeed $2.50 each all day on Tuesdays and that happy hour was extended to all day, as well.  He said no to HH (he was wrong), so we missed out on the $3 house margaritas.  No worries, though, as I enjoyed my Peach margarita (made with peach schnapps and Blanco Tequila; $9) and he his El Don (which included a shot of Grand Marnier; $14).  We arrived at 730p and the place was hoppin'!  He asked for patio seating, and we were told that there was a 30-minute wait, so we went to the bar and ordered drinks.  It took the bartender at least ten, upwards to fifteen, minutes to even make eye contact with us.  Good thing my date and I had topics we could talk about!  What they were about, I can't remember, because we also ended up sharing two shots of Don Julio Anejo ($14) and Don Julio 70th Anniversary ($14) and two shots of Crown Royal ($10 each, maybe?) during dinner.  I preferred the DJ 70th, while he liked the Anejo better.  CR is his drink of choice, so he liked his shot (and the rest of mine!), and let's just say I'm good with my 1/3 shot experience of it-- no need to revisit!  Hehe.  I try to avoid whiskey as corn grains are usually in the mix in its production...Tacos were indeed $2.50 all day Tuesday, and we ordered the following:His-- Carne asada and Carne asada chorizo azul.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/barrio-queen-scottsdale?select=7mB0-m5GBclsZPAMIBZK3w#7mB0-m5GBclsZPAMIBZK3w  My friend enjoyed the chorizo azul version much better, as the original version overloaded his taste buds with its cubed onions.  He loved the blue cheese addition to the carne asada chorizo azul.  And I thought the azul part referred to blue agave tequila used, but I guess it was more blue cheese...  Hers-- I ordered three tacos, the Cochinita pibil, Suadero Azteca, and Barrio pollo,http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/barrio-queen-scottsdale?select=UaC2BOqm-A0UJi3kPmFg1Q#UaC2BOqm-A0UJi3kPmFg1Q minus the corn tortillas and requested a flour tortilla, instead.  (I had requested this at the YEE without incident.)  Our server surprised me at first when she said that they didn't serve flour tortillas there.  She said they used flour tortillas for burritos, and I said that's what I had meant-whew!  Taco fillings were all very good, and I would have to say I enjoyed the beefy Suadero Azteca best.  Beware of the onions, though!  The cochinita pibil was also very good, and my date and I enjoyed the pickled red veggies on top (radish, papaya?).  Whatever it was, it was good.  The barrio chicken (with cream sauce and cotija cheese) was disappointing, considering that I enjoyed the batch I tried at the YEE.  That was rich and creamy, cheesy goodness, while Tuesday's was dry and bland.  Should've gone with the chorizo version...  I ordered the $9 choco flan for dessert, not noticing that I could've had a free one with Yelp check-in! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/barrio-queen-scottsdale?select=YBbwqynO2EI7L5sKE31izw#YBbwqynO2EI7L5sKE31izw  I had two bites of a less-dressed up version at the YEE and wanted more, and this was definitely more!  Bigger portion, with chocolate sauce on the bottom and chocolate ganache on one-half of the flan.  I knew from the yelp event that the ganache was made with corn syrup, and had I known that the flan was going to include it as a garnish, I'd have asked for its omission.  Tonight's version had a definite coffee flavor to it, which I did not recall from the first tasting; However, there was a lot going on at the event, and I only had two very small bites then.I'd go back for the peach margarita and tacos, and perhaps try the Tres leches for dessert, but I think I'll skip the tequila and Crown Royal shots!  I suffered through mood swings AND my first hangover the next morning, and I'd rather not repeat!
3	AAAhhhhh Barrio Queen. So, I've heard wonderful things about Barrio Queen from fellow yelpers. We were here for some cocktails last night. It's in a terrific area... trees were adorned with lights. Since I am a woman with the attention span of a fish... ooohhh look at the lights..............................Okay, I'm back. We sat in the patio and I really enjoyed it. My man-friend is smittened by their Limon y coco - this is a margarita made with coconut infused tequila... it was okay. I'm not a fan - to make it a little "authentic", there were like grinded up coconut pieces which made it gritty(?). No thanks! I ordered the paloma which was a grapefruit, lemon/lime and mexican squirt (yes, we went to town with the jokes). OMG!! This was so terribly tart and tangy... I put two packs of raw sugar in it and I ended up leaving 3/4 of the drink. What a waste of $11. We did order the original and chocolate flan. The chocolate was way too decadent... I prefer the original.
4	I personally loved this place. Since we are in the Scottsdale area for a conference I wanted to try something authentic and native to the area. I'm so happy we chose this place. I had the 3 tacos for $10.50-ish. They were tiny but still so full of their delicious toppings and filled me up just fine along with the chips and salsa. They had a huge variety of taco flavors. I had the Cochinita Pabil (which they're supposed to be famous for), the Barrio Chorizo Pollo and the Carne Asada tacos. Loved each one of them for their unique, awesome flavor. I'm a huge fan of chorizo. My friends all got different things on the menu and were pretty pleased with their choices. I tried the menudo. It had good flavor. Was a little spicy, but otherwise good. The entrees are a little more pricy (around 20 bucks a plate) but there is plenty on the menu you can find for 12 bucks or under. My only gripe with the place in general is that there was no unlimited chips and salsa. Only the first serving is complementary for the table. We were a little bummed by this, especially since the salsa was fantastic in my opinion. Overall, great place. Loved it. Would love to come back if every in the Scottsdale area!
5	Best tacos I have EVER had.  Not much else to say here because that's all we ordered. Let me reiterate, best tacos, I have EVER had.Had a great tequila tasting flight with recommendations from the bartender. He picked a tequila we couldn't find on the east coast which was appreciated. Great waiter as well.San Francisco GIANTS flags everywhere too. (SF G's play their spring training in Scottsdale)
4	I ate out on the patio with a group of friends and the atmosphere was great. I ordered a few different tacos and liked them for the most part. My only complaint is that you don't get very much food for your money. But if you were to come during happy hour, the price per taco would be more justified.
2	Some of the worse service you could ever imagine. The bartender overcharged us when we asked him to fix it he said I can just give you another drink for free. Food took forever water not filled. Just didn't seem like they really cared
4	Thank G for YELP pointing out good places. Really authentic Mexican good, great location with a BIG patio, fun crowd, good service.    And prices are reasonable.    All good.
1	This is hard for me to write. We loved this place. Went there a few times a month and always had a great time. There were occasional hiccups, but there is everywhere. However, this last time we went, about a month ago, left me so upset and annoyed. We went for happy hour, had a great time, really liked our server and everything. He let us know that his shift was finishing up and we settled up with him because we were done ordering and just finishing up. Our bill was $73 and change. We wrote in a $20 tip on the line and my boyfriend wrote the total as $103 and change. Our server came by and grabbed the check after we had signed it. After he took it I realized that we did the math incorrectly and it should have been $93. I gave him the benefit of a doubt and didn't track him down thinking that he would do the right thing and close it out with a $20 tip. However, when it posted to my bank account it drew for the $103. I was rather insulted because $20 on $73 is a fantastic tip and we were still sitting there when he closed it out. He could have come back and asked us what we meant. I called the manager a couple nights later when it had posted on my bank account and explained what happened. She was very responsive and said that the GM would call me the following day. She took my side saying that he should have closed it out with a $20 tip. Needless to say, no one ever followed up with me. All I wanted was my $10 back. We've spent hundreds of dollars at barrio queen, always taking VERY good care of our servers, but we can't say we will go back. What a shady thing for a person to do, scam an extra $10 out of me. This entire thing has just left me shaking my head.
4	Had lunch here today and loved it. The whole place is cool with a huge patio. We started with chips and salsa with table side hand made guac. My wife had a fish taco and a chicken taco. She LOVED the fish. I had three tacos, carnitas, chili relleno, and carne asada. All three were great. Definitely going back.
5	Still great. On my third visit I have not made it to main courses yet given the enticing taco variety.I got the corn appetizer, which was simple but effective. Sadly, the smoked salmon taco is no longer. In its place I revisited the cochinita pibil, which was probably the best of the bunch. The carne asada with a fried egg was excellent.I enjoyed the huitlacoche but I wonder if it's violating some culinary guideline to combine something mushroom-esque with actual mushrooms. The grilled shrimp was great - sort of a lighter version of blackened - but disappointing in its quantity (one.)Overall, Barrio Queen continues to excel at the basics while developing intriguing juxtapositions.
4	Great, trendy place for a sit down Mexican meal. Cheap margaritas too! Service was very friendly and efficient. They want to make sure you are happy! I would absolutely go back!
4	Barrio Queen is a great spot in Old Town if you're looking for some good tacos. We were able to watch the Suns game from a booth which was fantastic. We started off with the Barrio guacamole which is made table side...this seems to be the way to do guac these days and I'm not complaining because it was so good. They put pomegranate seeds in it which was surprising at first but I really liked the unusual addition! They also have really good chips, which can make or break a Mexican restaurant experience for me, pun intended. Next I did the three taco deal. I tried the Cochinita Pibil, Carne Asada, and Pescado tacos. I wish I spent more time eating them because I'm not proud to admit they were gone within minutes. Granted they are small street tacos, they are packed with flavor! Between the chips w/guac, an amber dos equis on draught, and three tacos, I was smitten (as my Zach would say). This is a place I'd love to head back to on a Taco Tuesday.
3	As someone who grew up in the southwest, I was really hoping to experience an authentic Mexican restaurant.  This place isn't it by a long shot. Let's start with the service, I was served by someone bubbly and kind but it wasn't timely or accurate service.  The food, bland! Quite bland. It wasn't spicy or flavorful at all. I give this place a three because I liked the ambiance and the drinks.
3	My friend and I stopped here for lunch recently and we quite enjoyed the atmosphere upon walking in.  We were both pretty famished so we ordered the Carnitas en Chile Verde.  But while it was super tasty it was quite hard to eat with the chips because the carnitas came in huge pieces that hadn't been split or cut up.  Both of us figured if this is an app to be eaten with chips, it should be user friendly...but instead we had to use our forks, cut it up on our plate, and then scoop it up with the chips.  Annoying.The two of us went for their 3 street taco plates so we could try as many flavors as possible.  I had the carne asada chorizo azul (but was given carne asada...grrrrrrrrr), bario pollo, and pescado.  The bario pollo was my favorite because of the huge poblano pepper at the bottom.  It was quite flavorful while the others were so so.  If you go for the first time, it is totally worth it to try the 3-taco plate and get 3 different types so you can try as much of the flavors as possible...I highly recommend going this route!Now as for the service, it wasn't so great.  Our waiter was one of the most crankiest and lack luster servers I have ever had.  We even tried joking with him and striking up conversation, but he wasn't having it.  He was also not so good at showing up to refill our water glasses or ask if we needed anything else.  We noticed he was this way with all the tables in our section in front of the bar.  I can't remember his name because I think I tuned it out out of annoyance.
2	Long wait, not exceptionally busy. Server was no where to be found for extended periods, no update on when food or drinks would arrive during long waits. Food was pretty good but the prices seemed high for what was received. Friend's dish had to be sent back because it was cold. I would have given three stars, but upon checking my credit card statement and comparing to my receipt, they tacked on a $10 tip to my bill! Never had an issue like this before. Really surprising. Sounds like other reviewers have enjoyed this place, so maybe I just showed up on the wrong night. Regardless, I won't be back.
5	Came here for drinks only. We had a house margarita and they were delicious for six dollars. We are unable to comment on the food. However, the salsa and chips are yummy.Service was pretty good and had an attentive waitstaff. Looks like a good menu to come back and try sometime!
4	Great atmosphere and great food.  Not sure what impressed me more  - the delicious food or the warm and friendly service.  Found Barrio Queen while walking around aimlessly  (I'm from out of town ) and was extremely pleased.  Tge fush tacos were hot, spicy,  and tasty.  Accompanied by a Dos Sequis Amber,  I had a perfect combination.  I'll definitely be back.
5	Taco heaven is Barrio Queen...Magaly is the gate keeper and AMEX is the Key Master. Flan = 1 hour on the elliptical. The staff are about as friendly as Care Bears
4	I stopped by while bar hopping around Old Town. It was nothing special. On a separate note, I had tried their tacos during the food truck festival, and it was the best one. Unfortunately I did not have a chance to dine here before moving.
3	Standard fare, food and drinks. Nothing real special. If you want a nice happy hour the check it out.
4	Food is outstanding, service not bad. This is a very modern creative approach to Mexico cousine. We had the guacamole for appetizer which the waitress prepared table side it was a bit chunky but very flavorful. California enchilada was exploding with nice flavor. Tacos were very small more like sliders size but very tasty.
4	Yum! After three visits I am a huge fan! The chili relleno torta is my favorite and the guacamole is really great as well. The burritos are huge and very good as well. I have had great service each time I have gone and love the patio and unique atmosphere. Some of the different margarita flavors sound odd and end up being really good so try them! There are some unique selections on the menu and I can't wait to try more of them but I can't seem to get past the chili relleno torta! The fries that come with it have chili powder seasoning on them which is different but I really liked it. Huge tequilla selection if you are interested in trying different ones. Our server was knowledgable about them which was nice. I will be back to try some tacos and happy hour!
3	The happy hour bar menu and drinks were very nice. The bartender made the "rita" for me on the tart side which is what I wanted. The shredded pork was fantastic. Very nice atmosphere. The servers seemed friendly and efficient.
4	The Queen was unbelievably flavorful. We ordered a bunch of their Tacos and each was its own special flavor.Highly recommend
1	What a disappointmentService was non existentEveryone around us got chips and salsa but not usDid't getting water til we were paying our checkFood was just ok, some was cold and the shrimp was undercooked so we won't be coming back
1	Food was good, but unfortunately we had a very poor experience on the service side. After receiving our check, I put down my credit card for payment. A few minutes later, the waitress came by to tell us that she managed to lose my credit card. Apparently she dropped it, and kicked it under a panel in the wall, and it was trapped underneath a huge radiator or some other machine inside the wall. Before I could even respond, she said "we're going to need another form of payment." They were still hoping to find the card, and people were actively trying to get it, but all she seemed to care about was getting me to pay a different way. No apology, no "I'm so sorry that you may have to cancel your credit card now," no "sorry this is a huge hassle and annoyance," just basically asking me to plop down another card or pay cash. When I explained that I'd like to use the card I already gave them, she copped an attitude and said "well it was an accident" in a not-so-nice way. Yeah, I get that, but an apology would be nice... I was pretty annoyed at this point and asked to speak with a manager. The manager didn't seem to be much better either. They did not sympathize with the fact that this could end up being a huge annoyance for me (for example, I am from out of town, and I had the hotel and rental car booked to that very same card). There was no offer of a free meal, a comped drink, or anything. Rather than cause a big scene, I eventually relented and gave them another card. We left the restaurant with the original card still in limbo. I planned on canceling it that night. The restaurant called about 30 minutes later saying they managed to find the card. When I went back, there was no apology for the hassle of coming all the way back. The manager seemed to just want to get me out of there as fast as possible. Mission accomplished I guess.Prior to this, I have never in my life declined to leave a tip for a server. This was the first time. My mother used to be a waitress, and I know how hard of a job it can be. Even when the service is poor, I still tip. But in this case, I felt that the $15 I would have tipped would at least help pay for some of the mess. I would have been totally understanding if they were apologetic and nice about it, but everybody seemed more worried that I'd try to skip out on the check or something.
5	Came in for dinner with some friends. Awesome happy hour special on margaritas. 3 bucks! Brittany our server kicked ass. Had the table side guacamole. Never quite tasted guac like this. Very citrus style. Loved it. Carne asada burrito was from another planet. Great simple tastes. A definite recommendation!
5	My husband and I had lunch here first, each getting the 3 taco plate.  I have to say, the Carne Adovada y Huevo was my favorite on the menu.  That fried egg on top was just the right ticket.  My husbands favorite was the Cochinita Pinil one.  We ate again last night, Taco Tuesday, this time sitting at the bar.  Service was great, both bartenders did a great job making sure we were taken care of despite it being happy hour and there were lots of folks coming up trying to get drinks while they waited for tables.
5	This new location is even better than the one on 16th. Everything was delicious and more like gourmet Mexican food rather than you typical fare. The best thing is that it is mostly gluten free. Adrian our server was great.
1	Well first of all the guacamole was GREAT.....however when we walked in the hostess's had no smile and frankly were not interested.   When told (at 2:30pm) that there was a 25 minute wait to sit inside we opted for the bar with full service.  I will now be brief.1. The "bartender/server" never once even looked at us.   Lucky the bus guy got us some water and I ordered guacamole....it was excellent.   The "waiter" still never looked at us.   About 15 minutes later I saw someone come by who happened to be a manager .....he was great and took the order. .......The the "waiter/bartender" still had not looked at us.....1/2 way through the meal I ran out of water.........I had to literally holler to get that idiot to get me some water.   The food was good.....but will not go back due to such poor service...One of the weirdest experiences for service I have ever had....I left no tip....and felt poorly for the bus person (I have NEVER done that before)....Manager was terrific but don't need the aggravation.ONE STAR
1	This review is for Barrio Cafe however this is same owner with same mentality with different business name.VERY ANTI LAW ENFORCEMENT!!!!!THEY HATE THE POLICE Witnessed them actively disrespect local Phoenix Police Officers while they were investigating something.Any business that does that to their police officers will not get my businessAnywhere in this country!!Hopefully this review will influence anyone that supports what police do for their communities to stay away from silvia esparza businesses that are anti police
1	Between food poisoning and poor customer service, I had an absolutely horrible experience at Barrio Queen. My boyfriend and I decided to visit here for some drinks and food on New Year's Day. After 10 minutes of being neglected at the first bar (where only one other person was sitting) we decided to move to the other bar where we were finally able to sit and order. My boyfriend had ordered something off the entree menu, which was good, but not worth the 18 dollars we spent on it. That night my boyfriend woke up around 2 am violently ill, waking up every 5-15 minutes to run to the bathroom. I had only had a small bite of his food, and found myself feeling nauseous all night just from that. When I called the next day to inform them, the manager Lucas was very apologetic and said he would have his boss call me to see if there was anything they could do. I don't typically spend a lot of money on food but we had spent 100 dollars between food and drinks that night. When the director of operations (I believe his name was Chev or Chef) called me the next day, all he cared to say was that everything was up to standard and that there was nothing he could do for us. He claimed his temperature logs were accurate and that there were no other claims so it wasn't something he could help with. He stated it was probably a bug or the flu and that his food was not the cause because everything was "up to standard." He seemed to care more about defending the quality of his food rather than attending to a customer that got very ill from it. I've had food poisoning before and know what it looks like. Jolting up in the middle of the night to throw up, and then to be repeated every 5-15 minutes afterward until halfway through the next day, is not common for the flu or a bug as the director of operations tries to claim. After wasting 100 dollars this visit, and hundreds of dollars spent here before with larger groups, I will be sure that I never visit here again. The only pleasant people I would like to give credit to are the manager Lucas that I spoke with and our second bartender Ryan. They were both nice and good with customers.
