4	Burgers are flavorfull, creative and good size.  The appetizers are very eclectic as well.  Good beer selection as well, including lots of local beers on tap which is nice for a strip property.  One of the better gourmet burger joints in town.  Get me a longhorn burger and a Joes Lager.  Very tasty.
4	The hamburger. Oh, you poor, misunderstood sandwich. So many people treat you like a fall-back. When people say, "Eh... you just want to grab a burger?" it causes tears in my eyes, and great gnashing of teeth. And I can only handle so much gnashing.However, there is a place out there, a place that adores and cherishes you, you faithful friend, you. Holstein's, located in the Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas, is a gourmet burger joint that mixes classic with funky. That's pretty obvious when you sit in their leather-adorned lounge area complete with a pink-and-white cow. (By the way, we've named her "Holly Holstein." Run with it.)The burgers did not disappoint. My friend had a "Hen House," a classic hamburger topped off with a fried egg. Never had egg on your burger? You'd be surprised. I had the Longhorn burger, a BBQ burger topped with brisket. Fantastic. No stale burgers here; each bite was succulent, as if a little miniature chef was on our table crafting every bite just at the time we ate it.Holstein's has about 34 million beers on tap. OK, maybe not 34 million, but a lot. We didn't have any alcohol, as it was only noon and neither of us were in the mood to drink yet. (In Vegas? NO! Yes, you have to detox SOMETIME.) That would be my only complaint about the place, they really try hard to force the alcohol on you. We were asked about six different times if we wanted a drink or if we had looked over the bar menu. The first three times we said no should have been an indication; by the sixth time I wanted to say "Yeah, if you're comping it."I've heard the shakes are killer; it's definitely on my to-do list next time I come. And there will be a next time. Oh Holstein's... shut up. Just shut up... you had me at "hamburger."(By the way, when you go, find the painting of the robot in the lounge, and tell me he's not being a little obscene. Just saying.)PS: Full disclosure here: I work at the Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas, where Holstein's is located. However, as the hotel encourages honesty from its employees, I have been honest in this review. I am also not affiliated with the F&B department.
4	Just tried out this place as a buddy and I were checking out the new Cosmopolitan. Win!Creative food and a great twist on the burger joint idea. My buddy had the regular burger and raved that is was the tastiest he's had and I had the lobster sandwich which was also quite tasty. Everything is presented well and taste is big!Desserts are creative too. I grabbed the Coffee and Donuts which sounds awfully normal. However, it was presented on a platter as a chocolate infused coffee with marshmallows served with gourmet donut holes filled with different flavored pastry cremes (like cardamom and cinnamon). SUPER tasty.Great joint, great MUSIC too. They must have a resident DJ who does some creative transitions between classic 80s.Definitely going back!
4	The Big Fat Greek Lamburger has an unfrotunately cutesy name, but an awesome flavor. Most of the fancy burgers run about 14 bucks and the classic burger is 11 bucks. Prices are not too unusual for a fancy strip burger joint. MY wife loved her burger too. We will be going back sometime in the future.
5	SO yummy. My kobe beef burger was TASTY and my alcoholic milkshake (with egg nog gelato, Makers Mark, and gingersnaps) exactly hit the spot. Highly recommend.
1	After checking out the Cosmo hotel, we went on a hunt for something to eat. Most of the restaurants weren't opening until later that day (opening weekend of the hotel) so we didn't have many options.We waited a while before being seated, despite the fact that there were numerous open tables and TONS of staff just STANDING AROUND.It took about 15 minutes before anyone approached us. Staff was EXTREMELY disorganized, but I'll give that to them since the establishment had hardly been open for a few days.Our food came and it was pretty good, despite the fact that the kitchen didn't get our orders right. My medium well burger was pretty charred and extremely overcooked (well done).THEN, MY FRIEND PULLED OUT A HAIR FROM HER BURGER!!!!!We told one of our waiters (won't even get into the confusion with this), who informed the manager and told us he would speak to us. The manager never approached us. At this point, we were extremely fed up. After the waiter spoke to him again, the manager came to our table, apologized and asked to replace the meal. We ordered our friend a chicken caesar salad salad and a shake since the poor thing hardly had a quarter of her burger.Our waiter brought out the salad and shake to go along with our bill and informed us that the manager would not exclude the shake from our bill. Considering the above events, this was pretty ridiculous. On top of it all, there was no chicken on the salad.THE END.Wish Jose Andres new restaurant upstairs was open as this was our first choice. At least we got a glimpse of the chef while we were checking that place out.
5	This place is so great!  I am in LOVE with the Truffle Lobster Mac and Cheese from the appetizer menu, YUM! I am a big fan of their Urth Burger (their version of a garden burger). They make it in house and it is delicious! It is a great option for someone like me who tries to eat less animal protein. They also have 4 TVs behind the bar and it is great to be able to watch a few different games while you are having lunch or just a beer. As the other reviewer noted, the shakes look amazing. I didn't have room for one on my last visit but will definitely be going back to try some. :)
4	I came the second day it was opened and was surprised how the hostesses and waitresses were prepared to handle their duties and not fumbling around on what to do.My first experience was at the bar where there were plenty of beers on tap.  The Honey Brown beer was actually really good.  The bar tender was extremely nice and gave me samples of two different beers before I picked one.Then we sat down at the restaurant.  We were greeted with truffle butter popcorn courtesy of the chef and boy were they delicious.  Then I ordered the Kobe burger with fried avocado and yam with a spicy mayo sauce ($16).  This was a mighty juicy burger, but it's not as good as Burger Bar at the Mandalay Bay.  My friend ordered the duck fat fries and these were delicious with the aroma of the duck fat soaked into the fries.  My steak fries were not comparable.We were too full to check the dessert out, but maybe next time.  Overall, a wonderful experience for a new burger joint and will return again if I visit the Cosmopolitan, although I will try out the other restaurants there before returning.  This is in between a 3-4 stars, but closer to 4 stars.
4	I went here for lunch on the opening week at Cosmopolitan.  It's on the same floor as some other restaurants but seems to get more business than the others; we had a 20 minute wait.  Once we were seated, we noticed that there were a lot of empty tables in the restaurant; I'm guessing that they're a little understaffed.I had the Gold Standard cheeseburger, which comes with sirloin beef, bacon, sliced goat cheese, arugula, tomato confit, and a garlic aioli.  The burger was quite good.  The ingredients tasted fresh and the meat was cooked perfectly.  Unlike a lot of gourmet cheeseburgers I've had, the grill taste isn't overly aggressive here.  The bacon definitely made an impact and the arugula, while mostly dominated by the other ingredients, added a nice crunch to cut the grease.I upgraded my fries order to the duck fat fries.  It was my first time trying duck fat fries, but I wasn't impressed.  I was hoping to taste some duck in there!  They were definitely crunchier than the standard fry, but the steak fries here are very tasty as well and I would recommend those instead.  I also had the Campfire Smores spiked milkshake, which was delicious.  Very creamy and chocolatey, but for a spiked milkshake it was perhaps too smooth.In conclusion: This is one of the better gourmet cheeseburgers I've had in Las Vegas so far.  Stick with the steak fries unless you're curious about the duck fat or really like your fries crunchy.
3	...it's really not fair to review a restaurant in the first month or so but here is my take...Service...well done, perhaps overly compensating for opening week...kudo's to the Holstein staff in the lounge- ever so pleasantly packaged- and to the cute Latina running the host station lose the attitude- this is not Alex's,  YOU SERVE BURGERS...still Four Stars...Milkshake- Five Stars- Pulp Fiction good....Sliders or as they call them Tiny Buns- The Holstein Beef which on menu says pickle, ketchup and mustard...that would be one pickle, one drop of mustard and one drop of ketchup and day old bread... OUCH...someone in the kitchen staff needs to sneak over to First Food and Bar at the Palazzo and learn something about sliders...I actually laughed when I opened it up to see what was between the buns....One star...That said my friend loved everything that had foie gras -"street tacos" and "duck, duck, goose" (a burger)....Five starsRoughly three stars...I am sure they will make some corrections on the food and I will definitely be back....
3	Pros: Holsteins is a nice looking burger joint in a very nice hotel (Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas). The prices are reasonable, the service attentive, the drink menu extensive, and the servers attractive. Cons: My burger was not quite what I had expected. I got the Korean Bulgogi burger that comes with a fried egg and kim chi. Sounds epic right? Turns out that the patty was drenched in some type of sweet teriyaki sauce, which I was not particularly fond of. Also, the prospect of Duck Fat Fries was presented to us. Sounds epic too right? Its more or less just a gimmick that resulted in overly hard fries with no extra flavor whatsoever. All in all, a decent filling meal with fresh ingredients and a nice atmosphere, but not THE best burger joint I have ever tried. I would go back to sample another burger because my friends did enjoy theirs (they got the "Gold Standard burger.)"
4	Great burger and shakes place in the newly opened Cosmopolitan. The sliders I had were awesome....crispy pork belly with hoisin sauce and their flagship Holstein burger sliders. The perfect cure for a Vegas hangover.Service (like everywhere at the Cosmopolitan) was super friendly and approachable. I hope they can keep it up!
2	this is another place with potential. The menu sounds awesome if executed correctly. What drew me in was duck fat fries. I. LOVE. DUCK FAT! However, the only thing that saves this place are the milkshakes. I got an oreo one and it was super creamy and delish. So i ordered a bull's balls (fried risotto balls), holstein sliders, and duck duck goose burger with duck fat fries. The risotto balls stuffed with veal was delicious but could have had creamier risotto on the inside. The lardo on top was amazing but lardo tastes good no matter what. Theres no skill involved to make pig fat taste good.holstein sliders were okay sliders but i've had better.My DUck duck goose burger was a huge disappointment. Its a beef patty stuffed with duck and foie gras sounds awesome right?! and i ordered it medium rare. IT WAS DRYY AS a mother! and the duck fat fries..........lets just say i rather have McDonalds. no duck fat flavor which makes me wonder do they even use duck fat?! FAILLLLLLAlso a note on the service. I waited my entire meal to get a glass of water. -___________-'
4	You know a lot of Burger Joints be...thinking my reviews about them, butThis is not to get confused, this ones for you...Holsteins you're my everything, you're all I ever wantedYou could do it real big, bigger than you ever done itYou be up on everything, other Burger Joints ain't ever on itI want this forever, I swear I could eat whatever on the menuCause Holsteins hold me down every time I hit em' upWhen I get hungry I promise that I'm gone live it upHolsteins make me beg for it, till they give it upAnd I say the same thing every single time I take a biteI say...Holsteins You the You the best.. (yum)You the You the best.. (yum)You the best Shakes I ever had.. (yum)You the best Burger I ever had.. (yum)Best Shake I ever had.. (yum)Best Burger I ever had.. (yum)Best I ever hadI say you the Best'...*********Rye's Notes*Smores Shake [http://media1.ct.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/02JO4mpvUEaG2yR9AA99Pg/l]  IS CRAZY Good!*The Hen Burger [http://media3.ct.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/Of5-KSC7tXRUCUFXegzuiw/l] is Juicy!*Ask for a side of Kimchee Mayo Sauce*IF you didn't get my review play this first..http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SX6kbN-bOkI
2	Hit Holstein's for lunch today.  sat at the bar.  Since i had to go back to work - no drinkie - had some root beer called rat bastard ( $5 ) - ok order kettle chips ( $6 ) Gold Standard Burger ( $17 - add $2 more for onion rings ) Cool looking place, in the mall area of the Cosmo - place was hopping today.Guy next to me seated 3-4 minutes after me - he gets his malt and sliders before i get my chips and/or burger....in fact, i never get my chips - the bartender didn't  hear me .....okaaay.The burger - asked for it medium - it was juicy but no hint of pink at all ...none ... since the burger was juicy i can live with it.  My guess a quarter pounder, but not sure - overall, i liked it - the goat cheddar complimented the meat, lil micro greens were a nice touch and  bacon was all good  but $17 .... not sure about the pricing.  Onion rings were also decent but nothing out of the ordinary.Will i try again ?  yeaaah - i want to try some of the sausages they apparently make in house.A pet peeve - they make mention of everything made in house yet what do they bring me when i get the plate of food - bottled catsup and mustard ( i believe heinz and french's ) - geez guys, can't you make it yourself ?  or at least put the stuff in a fancy container ?   At least they didn't pull a kgb and when i ask for mayo they throw me a few "to go" tear open mayo containers .pics will be posted later today
3	Popped into Holsteins on X-mas eve to grab some dinner after the Cosmopolitans, Wicked Spoon Buffet was way to crowded. I checked in at the hostess stand and was offered a bar seat or table. I'm not huge on dinning at the bar so I asked for a table. I was given a pager and told would be about 5-10 minutes. No problem, I'll go check out their gift shop. 5 minutes later the pager went off and I was seated in a near empty restaurant. next to a romantic couple. Nice! They couldn't have sat me next to ummm well let's see? Nobody else.Chaz was my server. The restaurant has a DJ spinning in the front and the music blasts through the restaurant. He was mixing christmas songs with popular songs. Very interesting. I was sitting low and back to the music. and Chaz was standing tall. I could not hear him. Chaz was adequate though. Brought me an ice water while I looked over the menu.Chaz showed me the extensive beer list but I did not want a beer tonight. Good selection though. They have about a dozen adult milkshakes on the menu. I chose the grasshopper made with vanilla ice cream, mint and chocolate vodka. It was just ok. They give you the excess shake in the metal mixer. The food menu is extensive for a burger place. A few salads, some mini burgers, and some starters. The stars are the burgers, done with different ingredients and combinations. I wanted to try so many of the appetizers. But dining solo I only chose one. The chicken and waffles. It was lame. One tiny little waffle. It was dry. And 3 chicken fingers. The chicken fingers were good. Hot and crispy. Some ranch dressing and some maple syrup on the side. I'll try something different next time for sure.For my burger, I tried the Longhorn. It came out medium like the way I asked. Toppings on it were cole slaw, beef brisket, and BBQ sauce. Very tasty but messy. I ate it with a knife and fork. I Beef in the burger was lean and flavorful. The bun was getting stale. It comes with shoestring or steak fries and for $2 extra you can get duck fat fries. These were possibly the biggest let down. Mine were cold and dry. The flavor on them was ok but I was expecting them to be tastier and more seasoned. I think I will just go with the steak fries next time.Holsteins is not In-N-Out burger. Expect to spend a few extra dollars here. A $10 shake and app and a $15(+$2) burger, It is not cheap. The quality of the food is very good and I can only see this place getting better over the next few weeks.
4	A really interesting menu with some very creating choices.  Food was very good, especially the vege sliders and salads we ate.  Very friendly and a fun atmosphere.  I would eat here again.
3	I would never spend the amount of money at a burger joint that I did the night I went, but my mom won some $$$ so we indulged a bit.The hostesses were......not the most welcoming. I don't know why, but they were distracted and just not very nice. Not rude, just not nice.We had multiple waiters but one in particular who was dressed differently than anyone else in all black was probably someone special like the manager or something. He was super nice and VERY helpful when it came to ordering our food. I wanted to leave him a bigger tip but we weren't sure who would get it so we just left a 15% tip. I would not have left that much though if it wasn't for him. Service was slow and needed repeating multiple times. By chance, one of my friends and his girlfriend were seated next to us. She asked for her food to go. She got it and then asked for her check. By the time she got her check (which she had to ask for again) she had finished the food she had gotten "to go".The food was really good. I ordered the Duck Duck Goose because nice-waiter-guy said it was the most popular and very gourmet. Maybe so, but I didn't enjoy it that much. The taste was weird to me and it was kind of dry.The Rising Sun on the other hand was completely excellent to me!!!! So much and many flavors. If you've read my other reviews, I'm all about many flavors!!! ----------get this!Sweet potato fries were okay. I still haven't had really amazing SPF anywhere.Strawberry shake was okay. Would not order it again.I would come back here for the rising sun burger. Also, I'm really tired of loud, "fun" restaurants. I hate having to yell to talk.
5	This is the restaurant to go to if your looking for a casual place for sit-down dining with a great price in Vegas.  What made this place PERFECT was that I had my birthday dinner here for a group of 31.  The staff accommodated every single one of us...including 2 children.  For being 2 weeks old, I was VERY impressed that the staff never missed a beat.As far as food goes...I had the Lobster Roll and the Lobster Mac n' Cheese. The Lobster Roll was amazing...almost like I was in Boston.  The Lobster Mac n' Cheese was also very good, but the most impressive part about the dish was the tiny bite size Lobster BLT served to the side.  It has so much flavor you want more.I was able to try some of the shakes, but one that stood out was the Campfire S'more.  I just remember the tastiness of the shake...then the warm sensation of the alcohol going down my throat.  What I like better was the malt.Everyone in my group was too full for dessert, however, the staff brought out the Candy Shop item off the menu in celebration for my birthday.  The only way I can describe it is that it had an interesting array of flavors and textures.I've been going to Vegas for a long time and this is the only place on The Strip where you can get a GREAT sit-down meal for reasonable prices.
5	This restaurant was located on the 2nd floor of the new Cosmopolitan.  It was my first time in the casino and although the place was packed, the bartender was courteous and let me know she would be right with me.  After I ordered a Corona (22oz!!) I found a chair and order the Rising Sun burger.  I love this place. Kobe beef, house glaze, nori furikake, crispy yam, spicy mayo and tempura avocado!!! I'm done...  Good food and big drinks, perfect for a quick stop in Las Vegas, they've re-made the burger joint another favorite destination for my vacations here.
5	This is going to sound like a farce, but I daydream about my meal at Holsteins on a nearly daily basis - the burgers were THAT good.  I was a little, um, rough from 2 consecutive nights of partying, and the burgers here dazzled my taste buds and satiated my poor stomach.We started with Radicchio Salad which was large enough for two to share as a starter and was perfectly tossed and loaded with fresh parmesan.  We split a Korean Bullgogi Burger and a Gold Standard Burger, and trying to pick the better of the two would be like trying to pick the more obnoxious twin between Mary-Kate and Ashley.  The Gold Standard was a glorious pastiche of meat and cheese, vegetable and fruit, starch and sauce.  And then the Bullgogi, with the glaze, the egg, the trite kim-chi whatever-it's-going-to-be to make the dish "Korean" (in this case, kim-chi slaw) worked equally well together to create a fabulous burger.  I would urge anyone to order either of these but all of the burgers looked appetizing on the menu.My only regret (due to an impending drive back to LA) was not being able to try one of the alcoholic shakes.  Oh! And since they mistakenly brought out the salad with the burgers (I asked for it before the burgers, naturally), they offered us a complimentary whimsical dessert sampler (I think it's "The Candy Store" on the menu) that was great; save the mini-drumstick cones for last!
2	I will start out by saying, this place has good food.  I ordered the Rising Sun Kobe burger. It was totally awesome and worth 16 bucks."Why the shitty 2 star review Kate?" You ask.  I will splain it to you...So its about 4pm on a Monday. The place is not packed.  Its our last meal in Vegas before we drive back home. We walk up the the hostess, tell her party of 2.  She asked us if we wanted to be at the bar or in the restaurant.  I tell her restaurant.  She says the wait till be 20 minutes.  I then say, if the bar has regular tables, then we can swing that. She says yes, and then takes us to a coffee table.  I dont want to eat a burger at a goddamn coffee table. So we move to the bar. Hmmm. Ok... Bartender/waitress-  Shes a case.  I ordered a diet coke. She says "really?"  yes bitch really. She then also proceeded to criticize my fiance's order. "Thats really small you know. are you sure thats what you want?"  She also complains about her co workers not getting her??? wtf . At some point she tells this couple next to us, that shes young but knows her drinks?? As if they give a shit.  The whole time shes just talking to us sarcastically and then at some point im quite positive that shes hitting on my dude.  I can appreciate that they want the staff to be cool/tattooed/young but these people lack any basic customer service skills.  I will assume they will get many complaints before they figure out how to staff this place properly.  If you can deal with these morons, then eat here.  The food is for sure really good.  maybe you will have better luck than we did.
2	TERRIBLE SERVICE - but the food was good.  I know this place is new, but my experience was ridiculous.  Tons of staff members, very few customers and we still ended up waiting for nearly an hour for our food, had drink orders forgotten and had to ask 3 times for silverware from the same person.  Good food, but not sure it is worth the aggravation...
5	HOLSTEINS .... TAKE ME AWAY The first thing I noticed was the feel and vibe of the restaurant. It has clean modern high-end lines with fresh contemporary "local?" graffiti artist art work. It immediately grabbed my interest. The staff is friendly down to earth and looked like they were having fun. ( who wouldn't wearing hot jeans and chucks to work everyday ) . I was entertaining friends so we immediately ordered the appetizers that were perfect for everyone ( the foodies at the table and the overworked and just plain hungry) We had the duck tacos .... AMAZING and the crab mac and cheese .... to die for ! For lunch our table was impressed with the array of offerings. We had everything from burgers, the homemade sausages and salads. Every dish tasted better then then the last. THEN .... the best part of every ones day... THE CANDY STORE. You must order it. I don't want to ruin the surprise but everyone in the restaurant knows it is at your table. It is a sweet head turner that takes your breath away LITTER LY. Holsteins Shakes and Buns made my day ! and I recommend it highly to anyone.
1	Where do I possibly start....  It's pretty unbelievable to me that anyone gave this place a decent review for anything but the shakes, which to be honest... were fantastic.  Quite possibly some of the best shakes I ever had.  So why just one star?Well...  When I go somewhere that specializes in burgers, I'd expect the burger to be great, at least good...  I would have even settled for mediocre...  Instead, it was easily the worst burger I have ever had...  I'd take McDonald's over this (I hate McDonald's), and for the price I could have had McDonald's 10 times over.  So how bad was it?  Well...  Ever had a burger that was cooked on charcoal before all the butane finished burning off?  Well... this was worse.  This was kind of like directly eating that charcoal...  So maybe I just got unlucky with that ONE burger?  No such luck, because the waitress took it back, exchanged it for another, DIFFERENT burger, and it was almost as bad.  At this point, I am not sending it back again because I certainly don't want them to spit in it.I really wanted to like this burger.  Hell, I wanted to LOVE it.  The descriptions and promised flavors were so enticing...  But all I could taste was burnt charcoal.The waitress said that some people are extra sensitive to the charcoal flavor, but my friend had the same bad experience.  Besides... this is the first and only time I have ever experienced a burger like that. If I ever go back to Cosmo, I might have a shake there, but never another burger.  What a waste.
3	Great joint for a burger at lunch or a casual, easy dinner.So convenient when you are gambling away at the ultra -amazing Cosmopolitan Casino/Hotel!
5	Holsteins rocks....their menu is packed with lots of good things....so many things its hard to choose so I guess i'll just have to keep going back till i've tried everything. Loved loved loved the pork buns and the duck tacos....not to mention the chicago hot dogs and of course the duck duck goose burger (seeing a pattern here? we love duck and pork!)  The fries with our burger were hot and crispy (more than I can say for Comme Ca). Desserts were also fabulous and fun so save a little room!
3	Went here with my fiance on our yearly vegas trip. It was loud because of the football playoffs being shown in the bar. The fiance ordered an oreo shake, which was yummy. We ordered the truffle lobster mac n cheese as an appetizer. It was pretty good, but not the best I'd ever had. The blend of cheeses was nice and creamy, with a little sharpness, and the truffles really added to the dish. The lobster in the mac n cheese, however, did not taste like it was very high quality.The fiance ordered the duck duck goose burger, which neither of us were very impressed with. He ordered a side of smashed potatoes, which were awful and completely inedible. They were cold and tasted like old dirty potatoes with no seasoning and no effort put into them.I ordered the gold standard burger, which was honestly the saving grace of this restaurant. It was the best burger I've had in my life, and despite all the other problems we had with the food here, I would definitely go back for that burger. I ordered a side of duck fat fries. Not impressed at all. I've had better fries from in 'n out burger. I was really disappointed because I had heard that duck fat fries are supposed to be really good. I'm sure they are, just not at Holstein's.We may go back the next time we're in Vegas just for the gold standard burger, but with so many other amazing restuarants in Vegas, maybe not.
5	The reason I am giving Holsteins Shakes and Buns a 5 star review is strictly based on the fact that they provided me with the best Oreo shake i have ever had. Oreo shake with baileys Irish creme, how can you beat that? I also got the Gold Standard burger prepared medium. Perfectly cooked and overall a delicious meal. Its not the cheapest burger and shake but hey its Vegas so you cant complain.Would definitely go back each Vegas trip
4	The alcoholic milk shakes are something that should be tried here. Sure, they cost about as much as an entree, but these shakes are probably the highlight of each meal I get here.Burgers are overpriced for what they are. I'd go for the more obscure sounding burgers instead of the more traditional fare. You will not be impressed by the standard burgers (i.e. Gold Standard), since they will taste very familiar at a premium price. Try something like the Rising Sun or the Korean Bulgogi burger; both very good. These burgers always remind me why I love cows so much.Do not order the chicken & waffle. All you get is one waffle and snack-bar quality chicken fingers with it. Very disappointed on that one. It was like something I could get at a bowling alley. Some of the other appetizers look interesting though (lobster corn dogs). The sausages also look like something I need to try on a future visit.Holstein's is definitely a place to check out. Place has a great vibe and atmosphere, with enough twist to keep me coming back for more.
2	Our first interaction in Holsteins came via our douche-tastic waiter who, upon our sitting, proclaimed, "HEY! WHAT'S UP???!" My English boss, with his best sarcastic manners, responded, "Well, hello?"Though I didn't catch his name, waiter-man-boy was annoying and slow. He never brought the promised samples of beer, proclaimed Boddingtons (an English bitter) was a white/wit beer and took so long to bring extra cranberry sauce for the sawdust-dry turkey burger I ate, it was long choked down before he reappeared.Beyond service, the food wasn't substantial, but some in our party loved their burgers.Kettle Chips - like any other kettle chip.Southern Fried Chicken Fingers-n-Waffles - Nice crisp to the chicken, syrup was warm and the waffle was.... well, a waffle.New England Turkey - Avoid. Avoid. Avoid. Dry like the dessert we were sitting in.The Classic - Juicy and medium-rare.The Longhorn - Meat-lovers delight.Duck, Duck, Goose - Rich and hearty.Korean 'Bull' Gogi - The egg was unnecessary and added nothing extra.'Big Fat Greek' - Creamy and dreamy.Duck Fat Fries - Didn't taste any different than the shoestring fries that came with our burgers.Truffle Popcorn - Tasted like butter with no hint of truffle.Maybe it's a hit or miss type of place, but one thing's for sure: our party all agreed - the best 'dish' of the evening was the Frozen Grasshopper alcoholic milk shake. It was smooth mint ice cream with bits of chocolate and a peppermint meringue on top with just enough 'buzz' to make you remember this wasn't your average kid's treat.
1	So, I went to Holstein's for my friend's birthday and this isn't a place that I would recommend for others.  Although the food I had ordered (Hen's House) was a tasty burger, the service was one of the worse places I have ever been to.I arrived late for the party, but when I sat down it took about 15 minutes to get a glass of water.  Our waitress saw me sit down didn't even bother to ask me what I wanted to drink and just didn't return until she asked what I wanted to order (I had to ask a busser for a glass of water).Our server was not helpful at all.  She wasn't friendly and didn't assist us when we had questions.  In fact, we had to ask another waitress who was very kind and helpful (I totally forgot to get her name).  Our waitress asked if we wanted dessert, but then took forever to get back to us (about 15-20 minutes).  During that time we tried to get her attention and 2 other workers and all we got from all three of them (in a row) was a finger held up to us, indicating us to just wait.  No "I'll be right with you", or "Please, give me a minute", just a finger help up to us 3 different times from 3 different workers.We were pretty upset about the wait time as well as the service that we decided not to order dessert and just get our bill and leave.  We had friends that were hanging out at the bar at Holsteins (who were waiting for a while to order drinks) and come to find out, the bartender did the exact thing that we got, a finger held up to telling them to hold on.
4	Came here for drinks and something to eat when we stayed at the cosmo. Im so glad that they have some decent places to eat, because now I can eat at the place and not stay there! Holsteins has great service, we were seated right away and ordered within 10 minutes. Great atmosphere, there was a dj playing hip hop and classic rock mixes.  Our food was brought out by the manager who was working the floor that night too. The lobster mac and cheese was amazing, and I saw some of the burgers on the next table, which looked too pretty to eat! Great beer list as well. Only con I could come up with were the douchey guys sitting at the bar trying to pick up on the waitresses. But hey, you'll find them everywhere in vegas.
3	Let's start out with the service. I can be very judgmental with a restaurant on how you are greeted. When we approached the restaurant, the hostess' were smiling and friendly. We had a party of 10 and put down our name. The hostess told us it would be a 30-45 minute wait so we decided to wait and help ourselves to ChinaPlobano right next door just to eat something to carry us over so we don't get grumpy because of low blood sugar levels. I put in my order and literally 5 minutes later, our table was ready. I was like "WTH...I thought you said it's gonna be a 30-45 min wait, so now I'm stuck with dim sum and what I'm going to order off the menu." The waitress was very friendly but kinda slow at times. She never came back to offer anyone another drink/shake or refill my water.As far as food goes...I agree with Mike H...the burgers are waaaaaaay expensive for how small they are, but then again...what do you expect...it's a restaurant in Los Vegas. I had the Gold Standard and wasn't very impressed. The menu consisted of some random burgers....I feel that if you wanna burger..."THE MORE BASIC THE BETTER" The "Tiny Bites" are literally TINY bites. Some of them cost almost as much as a regular size burger....if you want more bang for your buck....get a regular size. As far as the "Adult Milkshakes," I don't drink usually but DAMN....the Orange Creamsicle....WAS ABSOLUTELY AMAZING!!!!!!! If anything that was the only thing that I would go back for. I'd give the service a 2 and the food a 3. Like I said...I'd only go back for an "Adult Milkshake."
5	I have no idea why this place has 3.5 stars... I thought the place was absolutely amazing!  I get it that these are some expensive burgers... but they are also very VERY delicious! This IS Vegas, and for Vegas I thought the price was pretty reasonable.I had the Tenderloin Rossini under the Tiny Buns section.  They were two mini burgers of BEEF MEDALLION WITH FOIE GRAS, WILD MUSHROOM, ARUGULA AND TRUFFLE MAYO.  It was so good... It was a perfect portion too!Other burgers that I recommend are the Rising Sun and Duck Duck Goose.It's casual, its comfortable, and definitely a perfect place to go to if you want to avoid bougie and expensive restaurants on the strip.  I thought the service was great... I'm sure other people had different experience with the service depending on what server they got, but ours was very nice :)
5	Yes, the burgers at this place are pricey. However, you get what you pay for and in my opinion, the food here is worth the price!  I had the Longhorn and it was one of the best burgers I have ever tasted.  Friends of mine had the Rising Sun and the Duck Duck Goose and they all said that their burgers were delicious!  Combine the excellent burgers with the unique alcoholic shakes and trendy vibe and you get a great restaurant!
4	I went to HS&B Christmas night. The Cosmopolitan was extremely busy, and the atmosphere was electric. I was looking forward to a well made gourmet burger all day. HS&B did not disappoint. The burger joint is located on the 2nd level, just take the escalator up and go left. We arrived for dinner @ 7 pm,  and were greeted by an attractive receptionist. She said their was no wait, to our surprise, and promptly led us to our table. Our waiter (heavy eastern European accent), took our drink orders. I tried a microbrew of some sort (nondescript pale ale). Boris explained the menu, and I settled on the Hen burger. It was a burger with a fried egg and bacon. Incredible! Loved the meat and egg combination. I was told that the restaurant has an onsite butcher. Fries were shoestring type and very tasty. We didn't order one of the alcoholic shakes, but the couple sitting next to us did, and it looked good. They even provide the extra shake in the metal container it is made in. I noticed that the manager was smart enough to hire young, pretty ladies and outfit them in short red dresses... Well done good sir! Nice touch! The tab for two w/o desert was $48 plus tip.  Great night, great food, will definitely return.
5	This place is great! I wanted to review in 4.5 stars because I wish they would make the atmosphere a little more upscale (we're in Cosmopolitan and I want a Cosmopolitan-esque atmosphere) but then I suppose it wouldn't match the causal food they serve here. The waitress we had was super friendly, attentive, and very helpful when I was unsure what sort of drink I would like. We ended up having the bartender make a martini special for me and I liked it so much that I had two! The drinks here are great, food is phenomenal, the burger is possibly the best burger I have ever had. My husband enjoyed his meal also. We'll be back and we'll bring friends. They have huge ice cream (alcoholic) drinks that looks amazing. I couldn't see trying one after all that I had to eat here but another time I'd love to splurge and have one.
5	had the big fat greek... yummmmmmm and one of those fancy shakes that will secretly give u a buzz.. yummmmmmmmmm and some bulls balls not to be confused with rocky mountain oysters).... best damn balls ive put in my mouth in forever
4	Holsteins goes in my book for recommendations in Las Vegas.I stayed at the Cosmo last weekend and decided to try this place out with a friend.  We were seated very quickly even though they said the wait was around 10-15 minutes.  I ordered the Korean "bull" gogi burger and was a little skeptical because it said it had a poached egg, and kimchi in it.  I actually don't like either of those but I thought this weekend was a good time to try something different.  It turned out DELICIOUS! It was a perfect/strange combination that REALLY worked!  The spiciness of the kimchi is very mild but hits you at the end.  And the poached egg (I think it was poached?? or maybe it was sunnyside up? I don't know, I don't know eggs very well...lol) just went really well with the burger.  I recommend EVERYONE try that one!  It came with shoestring fries which was also perfect.I tried my friends Duck fat fries but I didn't see anything special in them. But I also tried her strawberry milkshake and that was SO GOOD! I don't think any other shakes will taste as good as that one.  My only concern was their service.  When our waitress took our order, we must have waited 45 minutes before we even got our shake... Our waitress even asked us like 30 minutes in if we ordered the shake.  When we said yes, she said it was coming right out.  Liar. I was just a little irked because the people who sat next to us, came in AFTER us and got their food BEFORE us! WTF? But whatever, the food TOTALLY made up for it. =)All in all, great place! Just needs to get their service upgraded.4 Stars!
4	Gourmet burgers that makes your head bounce, literally speaking too! For crying out loud its situated next to a raucous venue (Marquee) where streams of pretentious people scurrying to find that VIP line.DECOR: Contemporary and spacious layout.  Modern bar with swanky looking lounges.VIBE: Cool and fun.  DJ spinning the latest and greatest hits from Hip-Hop to Electronic.FOOD: **Korean 'Bull' Gogi: Well flavored, juicy beef patty that came on soft, toasty buns! The kimchee slaw and chili mayo worked nicely with everything.  Last, but not least, the oozy FRIED EGG was the CHERRY on TOP! **Fries: I opted for the WEDGE shaped and it was EPIC! Fluffy, yet CRISPY.  These are a MUST get.APPETITE: FULLSERVICE: Not much to complain about, our server was very friendly and helpful with the menu.CONCLUSION: What makes Holsteins a very appealing burger joint is the creativeness in the menu however you might be turned off by the excess noise level coming from the club next door.
4	This was REALLY impressive.. I thought, a burger place at the cos would be a big disappointment, but really not... I had the Gold Standard Burger, dry aged beef burger, smoked bacon, aged goat cheddar cheese, tomato confit, arugula and garlic-chive aioli, which was freakin amazing...
3	It all started with The Drunken Monkey which pretty much should be my tribal name from now on. Hands down the best milkshake I have ever tasted in my life!!! It's Malted Banana Gelato, Peanut Butter Crisps, Frangelico and priced at $11. Whoever decided to start making alcoholic milkshakes should get a medal. Genius. It is the perfect marriage of flavor without being to overpowered by the booze. On to the grub. Starters: Philly Cheez Steak Spring Rolls with udder sauce $11 They were alright, but could have used more seasoning. The meat was tender and the rolls were crisp. I did not enjoy the utter sauce which bares similarities to ketchup, but with more vinegar. For the beef and fake beef selections we had: The Classic with Two Dollar Cheddar (ridiculous) $15 Urth Burger with One Dollar Swiss $14 New Delhi Chicken $14 All served with shoestring fries and that gross utter sauce. I ordered Ranch, of course, and they turned out to be the winner of best potato in a supporting role to compliment the Monkey Shake. As far as the burgers go my burger was ordered Medium and came to me very well done. I ate one third of it. The bun was buttery and toasted to perfection and that two dollar cheddar was worth it. The veggie burger was probably my favorite of the three with a strong mushroom taste. Pretty good. The Chicken burger could have been executed better. The chicken lacked taste and the only saving grace was the apricot-date chutney on top. Overall I will absolutely be back because The Cosmopolitan is a good time and that shake has my heart and waistline captive. The menu has tons of creative options that intrigue me such as Bull's Balls, Crispy Pork Belly Bun and Duck Confit Street Tacos. I will get the tribe together and give it another go at it!
3	As a cow collector, the huge pink cow caught my attention, but aside from that, every other restaurant had a huge wait due to CES so we came here for dinner. Food: We ordered a bunch of tapas to share and also to try different dishes. We ordered:french fries cooked in duck fat: the fries tasted good, but the texture threw me off. It wasn't crispy as I expect them to be. Not sure if it's the way it's cooked or not, but I'll try it out again next time.crispy pork belly bun: who doesn't love pork belly? very good!tenderloin roissini: very moist and was mixed with fois gras which made it even better!!main lobster roll: wish we ordered more, it was delicious!toscana with italian sausage: it was okay, but nothing specialOur waiter suggested the artichoke dip which she claimed to be the best. I beg to differ. It was nothing special. The pita chips that came with it looked like it was from the bottom of the bag. Overall, the food was great, service was okay, but the ambiance was too loud for my taste. I left a little deaf.
3	Disclaimer: I have yet to eat an actual burger here. Based on my one non-burger experience, I'm averaging out the good and bad and giving it 3 stars.We opted to eat in the bar / lounge area, which is actually quite nice. Great actual bar, nice tables and comfy booths / stools, etc. And the service in this area was pretty good considering it was the lounge area. 3.5 stars.I liked that they give you a little bucket of popcorn to snack on. Though, the popcorn is far from anything special and really isn't that good. 2 stars.It took a rather long time for my milkshake to arrive. And honestly, they might as well not have bothered. I had the Strawberry Cheesecake milkshake from their Bam-Boozled Shakes menu (a.k.a. "adult" milkshakes). It was drinkable, but lacked any depth of flavor. After having the "adult" milkshakes at BLT Burger, this one just couldn't even begin to compare. I didn't even come close to finishing it - and I didn't want to. 2 stars.The kettle chips were extremely delicious. Some of the best kettle chips I've ever experienced. And the dip was delicious. It was a french onion based dip, but there were other things going on and a tang of vinegar. Though, despite the menu description of "blue cheese flavored" chips, I didn't get any blue cheese coming through. But nonetheless, so yummy. 5 stars.The Sonoran Border Hopper was basically two mini hot dogs topped with a strip of bacon, a little bit of salsa, and some drizzled guacamole, with a cup of beans served on the side. Far from a traditional Sonoran dog, but quite tasty. The buns were absolutely perfect, the dogs pretty good, and all the flavors came together with a very nice smokiness and crisp freshness. I was a fan. 4 stars.All in all, the food was good enough and the menu had several enticing items, so I will be back - and I'm looking forward to trying one of their burgers.
4	Pleasantly surprised. I really liked this place... It was turning me on before the food just because its in the Cosmopolitan and the hot pink menus. The service was very friendly... creepy at times??? But they were awesome, prompt, and quick to everything. They kept us super satisfied. For the burgers, I got the Korean Bull Gogi... fun to say and fun to eat. It has a delicious, juicy patty, egg, kimchi, and a spicy mayo. DISCLAIMER.... NOT A FIRST DATE FOOD. Only for those who are in love and have no problem getting a little messy for your partner.... or if you're just going out with friends. Besides the mess... wow its a good burger. The egg is left a little runny (I spilled it all over the table:[). The kim chi and the spicy mayo blended perfectly together. I ate the whole thing without regret. My boy got the burger with brisket on it.. I forget what it was called, but we didn't talk much during our meal because we were busy stuffing our faces. I looked up once after finishing my half, and his was gone! We opted out on the shake, but we did get the "Candy Store" plate. It was pretty fun, but I prefer a bigger, more unified dessert. It had a mini dessert, and allowed your mouth to sample a variety of sweets. Pineapple/coconut tapioca (mmm), custard donut with coffee/chocolate syrup for dipping, mystery fruit jellies, chocolate custard push-pop, a mini chocolate dipped ice cream cone with banana ice cream, and the most exciting Nitrogen infused meringues. The waitress was sure to let us know you could blow smoke at your nose while eating them, The dessert was fun and different, but I'm not sure I would recommend it for the price. My experience at Holstein's leaves me with the impression of being able to return... but only on occasion as it is kinda pricey.
1	The burgers were ok, not that great.The SERVICE was horrible!!!! It was by far the worst service I have ever experienced! First, we got there and i had to ask twice for a water...ok no biggy, but the worsssst was when i got my burger and I kindly asked the waiter for an extra side of pickles- BIG MISTAKE, he rolled his eyes at me!!! Needless to say, I love the cosmopolitan, but I will not be returning to Holsteins again.
5	Love the cosmopolitan and have been to Holsteins a couple of times.  It has a fun and casual decor (hot pink cow in front) matched with a really nice looking bar.  Sat at the bar both times.  The bartenders were friendly and suggestive without being too intrusive.  They have a great beer selection and will help recommend one if you want to try something new.  Although I usually like ordering specialty cocktails at places like this, I noticed that they had bubble-gum vodka (one of my favorites) so the bartender made me a  bubble-gum martini that was delicious! It was pink and girly...definitely what I was in the mood for. For food I had the duck 'street tacos'. I love anything and everything with duck, but then add foie gras, and truffle cream and stuff it into a crispy tortilla? yuuummmm! Also ordered the Lobster Mac-n-cheese. Its a perfect size portion (so you can eat it all and be guilt-free). I just happen to be a mac-n-cheese connoisseur, so I've had my share of cheesy noodles. This one is really good with the lobster and truffle cream, but not my favorite. However the dish comes with a mini lobster BLT that is so good I would definitely order it again. (You can only get this little mini blt with the mac, it's not a menu item on its own). Holsteins is a cool hang-out spot.  Not just an ordinary burger joint, they have really creative things on the menu that you wouldn't expect. Will definitely come back, there are still so many things I want to try!
3	LOVED the pina colada shake, and Korean Bull Gogi burger.HATED the sweet potato and duck fat fries. The sweet potato fries were too salty. The duck fat fries tasted like regular fries. I'd rather save my $4. It is quite pricy for the burger already and $2 to upgrade for nasty fries is a NO THANKS for me. It is cute how the fries come in that small bin, but it suffocates all the fries and makes it soggy.Also, HATED the service... maybe because we got there 30 mins before closing but W/E!
3	Pretty cool restaurant that serves burgers and alcoholic milkshakes! The service was eh... the music they played was hiphop- clubbing type of music.I got the salmon burger which was pretty good. It had a slice of lox on top of the cooked salmon patty which made the burger! I upgraded to the duck fat fries which was a BIG mistake. Their duck fat fries pretty much taste like regular fries. I think I would've been better off saving $2 and eating regular fries made by normal oil.
2	i decided to eat here with the fam because i'd read some reviews about the greatness that is holsteins. burgers, alcoholic shakes (ew!), and fries... sounded perfect since we didn't have a lot of time and it was sorta fast food.the place itself was alright. its new and in a new hotel... but loaded with noisy families with tons of kids and bad acoustics. i could not even hear my mom talking to me and she was RIGHT next to me.like i said we didn't have a lot of time... about 40 minutes. we told the waitress ahead of time and she was very accommodating and made sure we got our food quick. we all had quick bites.... i ordered the street tacos with duck and foie gras and a side of cranberry garnish/salsa? not sure.. it was pretty good and hit the spot. however... my mom had the beef sliders and boy did they look dry and icky. and she said they were dry and icky. she didn't even eat it..... and i ended up giving her one of my tacos. we had the duck fat fries as well, which were not as good as i thought. the ketchup was actually mixed with relish or something so tasted ok but something like an aioli would have been better. we also split a regular strawberry milkshake, no alcohol. it was good but yea...anyway, i was just unimpressed and kinda mad at this place. how dare they serve such gross sliders! yes i don't eat beef and didn't try em but they looked so bad and my mom confirmed that they were. anyway, maybe i will come back someday and give the full menu a shot. but not likely anytime soon.
4	I really REALLYYYYY like this place.Came here before clubbing at Marquee just to satisfied that "I need to put some food in my stomach so, I don't pass out drunk at the club" needs.This is a spot where it's best to come in big groups so, you can pretty much samps everything on the menu. Ordered appetizers: lobster corndogs, truffle mac & cheese, street tacos, urth burger, and the kalbi and kim chee quesadillas.The street tacos had to be my favorite. There was duck in there (I love duck!). There was foie gras (Who doesn't love foie gras!?). Reminded me a lot of the Kogi food truck out in LA.The lobster corndogs were interesting. Not a seafood kinda gal but, it tasted like butter because of the lobster and yet, kinda weird cuz it's in a corndog kind of batter.Truffle mac and cheese was amazing. I think there was shrimp in there cuz it tasted of seafood. A friend ordered it so, I got to samps some. The weird part of this dish was it came with a small sandwich. I'm not sure what kinda of sandwich but, when I say "small," - I mean, small....like, "one bite and you're done with your sandwich small."The kalbi and kim chee quesadillas were pretty good but, seemed too salty. I'm not sure why.AND they have a DJ spinning music in there. I'm not sure if that's just a weekend thing..or Monday night thing..but, it def adds to the "good time" atmosphere and the delish food.
2	The burgers were good, but crazy over priced. Your talking around $15 for just your burger. Want cheese? That's extra. Fries? Those are extra, too. Also, $8 milkshakes? Seriously? Not worth it, considering you can mosey on down to the buffet and get all you can eat shrimp and braised short ribs. Plus, the place was trying way to hard to be hip.
5	If you find yourself wandering on the 3rd floor trying to determine if you dressed appropriately swing back down to this joint. The price is decent and the food will surprise you (hopefully for the better). I had the brisket burger while visiting in Vegas and it made me forget about In and Out for at least a few hours. Honestly this place gets pretty creative with their burgers which I commend them for and the fries are awesome. I didn't get a shake because the beer selection was so good. I did get a pretty decent grumbly stomach after eating here but in all fairness I had been eating all sorts of junk including fried pickles and the Swedish fish candy from NY,NY hotel. I would visit again next time I'm in Vegas.
3	Holsteins started off pretty cool but quickly went down hill once they cranked the music. Seriously, it was Valentines Day and they had the music so loud you couldn't even talk to your special date. The menu is ambitious, unfortunately most items, kettle chips, onion rings, french fries, we tried were to salty. Burgers were alright though my Hen House did come with a fried over easy egg that was cooked through. When I told the food runner about this he argued with me and told me that its supposed to be runny, Uh yeah. He finally said that's how its supposed to be and walked off, I begged to differ. At one glance our waiter said it was wrong and fixed it, very cool! Burger was pretty dang good with loads of gooey yolk running down my fingers. This made up for the punky food runner and the overly salty sides and apps. $1 beers and shots on Monday (their choice).Word of advice to Holsteins, the customer should always be right.
4	02/16/11 DINNER: Without planning in advance we ended up here. Didn't have a burger! Instead, had drinks, "appetizers" (turned out to be plates bigger than appetizers) and desserts. The classic martini was terrific, I got the GIN variety (does no one drink gin in this town?), containing a gin of which I had never heard ("Nolet Silver"?) which was floral and smooth, garnished with pickled shallot. (Expecting shallot bulbs on a stick, instead it was shaved in the bottom of the glass!) Another had a"bloody mary", which came "up", containing pepper/cilantro infused vodka, which was greatly liked, especially the gigantic shrimp that came with it! Food was "fried pickles" (fried dill spears, fried olives, caper berries, prosciutto, salami w/ herb-caper mayo), "street tacos" (crispy shells filled w/ shreds of duck confit, foie gras, trufle crema & cranberry relish), "truffle lobster mac n cheese" (maine lobster, black truffle & mac in a tallegio-marscapone sauce), and "Bull's Balls" (2 risotto rice balls stuffed with veal, topped with "tomato fondue" and a slice of lardo). A very rich, decadent collection of dishes, I thought all were very well done, especially the mac (WOW!). The "Bulls' Balls" weren't as good as I had hoped, mostly rice with very little filling, and the lardo kinda lost amongst the strength of the "tomato foudue", which was genius. (An angel-hair pasta with that fondue would be crazy good.) The "street tacos" were really good but really rich. My fave thing on the "fried pickles" were the fried olives (only 2, we had to fight over those!). Ended with a "stout float" (Guinness, ice cream, oatmeal crumble), very good. After food we had a really wacky concoction: "Johnny Apple Seed", consisting of Knob Creek, honey and apple cider. First of all, the very nice server said it was the first time that it had been ordered since it was added to the menu (!) and second, they had no idea what "hard cider" was! We had to explain, there are alcoholic apple ciders out there, was this one of those?, but the answer never came. No matter, it was a nose and throat clearer! AHEM! But a great idea, IMHO. Sipping it took about 15 minutes, and well worth it! So overall, I'd say GO. Now I need to go back for a burger, perhaps that "duck duck goose", stuffed with duck confit, duck cracklings & foie gras! YIKES!
2	I had high hopes for Holsteins. I love a good burger, and shakes with booze...yes please!! I was there with a party of 12, and we were early for our 6pm reservation, but we were told we couldn't be seated until our entire party was there. Not a problem, that's not unusual. By the time the majority of our party was there, they seated us. We were all ridiculously hungry, so were excited with the quick appearance of our servers. Because of the size of our party, they split our table in half. They attempted to split the bill as well, but we asked it to be kept on one. We quickly ordered some appetizers and waited in anticipation. Lobster corn dogs: good, but not great Fried pickles: extremely tasty! Lobster mac n cheese: I only had a small bite of this, but could have easily eaten a whole plateful! Philly steak egg rolls (I think): ehhh So far so good...I was pleased with the appetizers, and ready for my burger! I kept it simple and ordered a classic cheeseburger, and it was great. I can't complain. I had it with steak fries which were also good. The overall consensus of the group was that the food was good. So why the 2 stars? While the food was good, maybe even great, the service was TERRIBLE. Wait, I have to clarify, half of the table's service was terrible. While Pete's side of the table got their food right away and with no problems, Nicole's side of the table had several problems... 1. the birthday girl ordered a classic burger with Cheddar cheese, grilled onions, bacon, wild mushrooms and NO TOMATOES. What she got was a cheeseburger with tomatoes, no onions, bacon or mushrooms. While I acknowledge this was not Nicole's fault, because she read back the order correctly, so someone messed up in the kitchen...what upset me was that by the time she got the right order, the rest of us were almost done eating! And throughout the whole time Nicole never came back to give us any kind of updates. 2. Someone else ordered a burger (I honestly can't remember which one) with brie and grilled onions. When she got her burger and opened it up, the brie was mostly rind and barely any cheese, so she asked it to be sent back and just asked for Cheddar instead. This also took a ridiculous amount of time. 3. Someone ordered a beer that never came During this time another one of our party decided to say something to the Manager, Steve. As soon as we said something to him, he brought the burgers out. He was very helpful and apologetic, but he messed up too. The second burger was supposed to have grilled onions and it didn't, we noticed this immediately so the one who ordered it let Steve now, he immediately said "Oh no, there are grilled onions on there, I saw them put them on" Then in what seemed like a scene out of a movie or a cooking competition, she slowly lifted the bun to expose raw onions on the burger. Obviously Steve was left a little red in the face. To his credit, he did comp us those two meals, but the ordeal left the majority of us disappointed and upset. The birthday girl couldn't even finish half of her burger because she had been so hungry she was left feeling sick and unable to eat. The duck fat fries were disappointing, but the shoestring and steak fries were yummy, and I also enjoyed the onion rings. Oh and the server (who's name I didn't catch) who was pouring drinks, then "tying his shoes" while we talked to the manager...you're not slick dude.  We know you were listening, probably hoping it wasn't you we were complaining about.What is most disappointing, is that the food is good enough for a return visit, but the service alone makes me not want to set foot in the place ever again.
4	Great place for  burgers and shakes. Needed a place to dine while at the Cosmo. All of the other places didnt open till like 4pm. This was a great fix. Cant wait to go back. Many more shakes and burgers to try.  The service was great.
1	In all honesty, the food was pretty good. But this doesn't overshadow the fact that the service was among the worst I've ever had. They "lost" my reservation, attempted to overcharge, and were super super slow. If I could give this place less than one star I would. Beware.
2	Strike 1: The hostess looked me up and down judgmentally the second I walked up, which felt really welcoming, except the exact opposite. Strike 2: I accidentally ordered a BOTTLED beer that turned out to be $16.50 each. My fault for assuming that we don't live in a world where any human pays that much for a bottle of beer. The beer in question costs $9.99 a six pack at Whole Foods. Strike 3: Although hubs and I ordered the same thing with no weird substitutions, one of the burgers came with garlic aioli on the side and we had to cut into the burgers to discern which was well done and which was medium.  For a $120 dinner I didnt expect to be so annoyed.  The quality of burger was all right; we both had the Gold Standard. The steak fries were actually seasoned potato wedges. And they were...all right. Hated the Philly Cheese Steak eggrolls (not a fan of anything involving cheez whiz). All in all,  I left bummed and whats even sadder, unsurprised. The Cosmopolitan needs to hire capable people that care about their jobs, not these vapid robots that look great but can't even get a burger right.
3	I was shocked and pleased to find out that Holsteins had a vegan burger or slider option on their menu! Good lookin' out!  I was leaving the Cosmopolitan after the Black Keys show, hungry and bitter that both Jaleo and China Poblano had stopped serving food.  Suddenly, a friend texted me from HSB saying they had vegan options!I traversed the mob of drunken concert-goers and arrived poste haste, just in time to put in the last to-go order of the night!The main vegan options are the Urth burger sliders (2 for $8, comes with delicious homemade-tasting potato chips) or the proper full-sized Urth burger ($13, comes with a side of fries).  I went for the sliders, since I  have not had a slider since I was knee-high to a grasshopper back in TN eating at Krystal's.  Verdict - Fries were awesome, chips were awesome, Urth burger was so-so.  It was a mix of veggies, and maybe chickpea flour? It had a falafel-ish character to it.  It was nicely fried on the outside, but pretty mushy.  It came topped with avocado, cucumber and sprouts (see pic) on a fluffy bun that was not egg-washed.  It's nothing that I'd go running back for, but it's a solid option for late-night eating when your carnivore friends insist on burgers.
4	Two words:Alcoholic Milkshake. Drunken Monkey. The Cosmopolitan. Hot stuff.Yes, please!
5	I've been here a number of times.  Rarely do they disappoint.  I've sat at the bar, the lounge, and in the dining area. Some of the things I've ordered that were amazing: The Big Fat Greek, the Tenderloin sliders, the Gold Standard, and the Longhorn. I do not recommend getting a salad.  I did that one day and was horribly disappointed.  Tiny salad, tiny portion of chicken.  Unimpressive.  Stick with the burgers. I've always had good service here on the 5 or so times I've been here.
1	What a disappointing experience! My fiance and I chose Holsteins this past Sunday. We arrived at 8pm and the hostesses asked if we had a reservation. We did not, and they weren't seating until 8:45pm without reservations, which is fine, so we went to another fine Block 16 Hospitality establishment across the street--Pinks--as we were in a hurry. After eating our delicious hotdogs, we went back to the Cosmopolitan and asked the hostesses if we could make a reservation for after the concert we were headed to that evening. They told us that we couldn't make a reservation but it shouldn't be a problem as their last seating was 11:45pm. Fast forward, the concert ended and we hurried over to Holsteins and arrived at 11:30pm. We waited our turn in line and then the hostess informed us that they were no seating. Now I'm upset so I complained and asked for a manager's contact information and instead of giving it to me, they seated me. The service by our server, Scot, was TERRIBLE. He was clearly bothered by our late seating, noting upon arriving at the table, "Well, you guys sure got a late seat". Not hello. No greeting. Terrible. He took our orders (food and drink) all at once so that we could make it a faster dining experience. My milkshake came out as did our friend's diet coke but my fiance's Miller Lite didn't come and then the food arrived. I asked the runner about the beer and 5 minutes after the food arrived, Scot runs by, slams an unopened can of Miller Lite down on the table and then runs away. He didn't inquire about our food. He didn't open the beer. He was just generally absent from the entire experience and made us feel rushed and unwelcome. The food was delicious but overcooked. I asked for my burger, The Gold Standard, rare and received a burger that was tan with a hot pink center. Same for my fiance. Additionally, both of us became violently ill about 2 hours later that evening. As someone who works in the service industry living in a town that revolves around service, this experience was extremely disappointing.
4	I randomly went to the Cosmopolitan and found this restaurant with a few friends because we were hungry. Ended up being a great experience. The store was nicely fitted with a stylish use of colours. Service was good, and DEFINITELY a MUST to order their Alcoholized milkshakes!!!! Burgers are well portioned and filling.I would definitely recommend this restaurant!!!!
4	I've been trying to find an awesome burger spot in Vegas for quite a while now and the reviews made this place seem pretty decent. The restaurant is nice with simple decor and a cool bar. The happy hour seems awesome with the 1$ beers and 1$ shots.The service was great and so was the food. The reason this is getting 4 stars is because they appetizers and fries are not that tasty. We ordered the lobster mac n cheese which was just okay, the fried pickles which were decent, and the duck fat tacos which were horrible and small. There are a variety of fries you can order with your dinner. I got the duck fat fries, which I thought might taste a little gamy or greasy, instead they were gross and overcooked. Now, the best part about this restaurant. I got the sunrise burger ( I think that's the name of it) and it was delicious! This is by far the best burger I've had in Las Vegas. I ordered the kobe burger rare and on top of it came, fried yams, cheese, wasabi dressing, spicy mayo, and tempura avocado.  It was to die for! Everyone needs to try it. The prices are also really great. For the four of us to eat it cost about 130$.We will be going back soon
4	If your in the market for a good burger then this is the spot. The burgers are plump, juicy and full of flavor. If you're with a group ask for a  booth instead of a table, they are kinda cool to sit in..very spacious.FYI, We ordered the lobster mac-n-cheese..it was GREAT...BUT it was a very, very small portion for $15 only enough for 1 person
5	Great burgers, not fatty. Just good products, excellent meat and perfect cooking. My burger was japanese style, with tasty meat, tempura and delightful sauce. One of the best burger I've ever eaten. Moreover the restaurant is very nice. Around 15$ a burger.
2	So, I trip into this spot...loved the theme/idea.  The affable 20-somethin hostess invited me in and I sat at the empty bar...starving.  Now, when I go into a burger/shake place, I DO NOT order Duck confit, lobster mac n chee or freekin popcorn...I order a burger and a shake - damnit!In short order I received what looked like a machine-made patty a tad undone...OK, it was bleeding all over my plate. The "skinny fries" that came with my $13 burger were skinny, alright...in a faux "milk-house" bucket cept it was about the size of a Wisconsin thimball.  I ordered a chocolate milkshake $11 as well.  It was nice, unfortunately it was also about the size of a medium coke at McD's.  Service was OK.You know, when I compare this place with any other burger-joint, it might fare pretty well...but my tab was nearly $35...and for that amount of dough I could've eaten 10 HappyMeals and puked in the parking lot.
3	My friend and I decided to eat here and have a light supper before coming back later for a real dinner. We had the guacamole hummus with spiced pita chips, which was good but not fantastic.  The crispy pork buns was good but a little too much hoison sauce. I also had the orange creamsicle milkshake without the alcohol. That was very tasty. The fries were very salty but cooked well. The waitress was nice and helpful. I love the huge pink cow. We ended up not coming back here for dinner but next time, I'll try the burgers.
3	Mm, Ok here we go...Took the last little table in the bar area with no wait.  The restaurant was a 30 min wait, so try the bar if you don't mind the casual seating.  It was fine since we stuck to ordering little tapas sized portions.  The good (not great):Truffle lobster mac n cheese-God, I'm such a sucker, but who can seriously screw this up.  Tom turkey mini burgers - good flavor, but better served as a whole burger to avoid the dry factor, as ours were. The bad:Lobster "corn dogs" - again, we fell victim to fat kid food verbage and were duped into these $16 appetizers.  They were lobster tails (small ones at that, and maybe not even whole tails, but lobster meat) dipped in tempura batter and served as a pair.  Yup, those are a definite pass.Duck fat fries - eh.  Regular old fries to me.  The kettle chips were way better. The ugly:Ok, nothing was really that bad. Just not that great. The menu is a little busy and there are definitely a few things they could get rid of.  On a high note, and what I would come back for, were Tenderloin Rossini mini burgers.  Oh, those were delicious, and cheaper than those damn lobster corn dogs.  Sheesh, go figure!
5	best place ever !!
4	Korean Burger over the Sunrise if your feeling adventurous.  My non adventurous friend preferred the Sunrise.  I preferred the Korean Burger.  Which one are you???Got the Truffle Lobster Mac n Cheese and it was sooooooo good!!!  Too bad the portion was small.  Everyone agreed that it was yum.My friend also got the Root Beer Float with Pop Rocks... it was good too.
5	Visited this restaurant for the first time for lunch today.  For the table we ordered Kalbi Beef and Kimchee Quesadilla, Philly Cheez Steak Spring Rolls and Truffle Lobster Mac N Cheese.  The were all incredibly good.  I had to hold back from eating every last bite on each plate to save room for dinner.  I had the Chicken Caesar Salad which had good size pieces of chicken and a nice little touch of sunflower seeds which was a nice change of pace from your typical Caesar.  My friends ordered the Cobb Salad which looked fantastic and another had a salmon burger which she loved.  Beware of the shoe string fries... they are so good that I had to push the bucket away to stop myself from eating them all.  You MUST try their milkshakes.  They are amazing!Overall I would absolutely come back to this restaurant.  There are so many things on the menu that I would like to try not to mention their alcoholic shakes!
4	Okay 1) Alcoholic shakes- super delicious; 2) burgers were cooked perfectly and very tasty; 3) they give you a little bucket of popcorn, I love that! 4) the shoestring fries were so yummy.I'd definitely go back again and try something else off the menu.
4	The restaurant is a great place to enjoy "desserts" in the form of their shakes, especially after having a meal at another Cosmopolitan restaurants.  Each are $11 a piece, which is not too bad for a sweet alcoholic beverage after a meal, or just to enjoy during your break from exploring the secret spots dotted throughout Cosmopolitan.I came here after a sushi dinner at Blue Ribbon, and we each ordered a different "shake".  Collectively we ordered Black Cow, Oreo & Caramel S'mores.  As a destination for fairly reasonably priced meals, Holsteins Shakes and Buns, is recommended.  The burgers and sliders looks great, tastes good, and will not break your Vegas budget.Atmosphere: 4/5  Cool, trendy hangout spot for locals and tourists.Decor: 4/5  Nice, trendy, modern.Price: 4/5  Very reasonable, especially for a restaurant inside a mega-luxury resort casino on the Strip.Food:  4/5  Dessert is delicious, even if making delicious shakes does not require formal culinary training.
3	3.5 starsGreat for large parties! We went here on a Saturday night for my friend's birthday. There were 20 of us, and we had a great time. Serive was good for a large party. Classic Sliders: 2 small (2 bite) sliders served with chips. Very small portion. Additional $2 charge for cheese. Good, but don't expect to get full.Lobeter rolls served with coleslaw: ya.... wasn't a fan. I don't know what I was expecting, but my boyfriend liked them.Steak fries with utter sauce: good.Ice tea: nice and refreshing, but get this... it was $8!!! Really?!?!?J Vineyard Pinot Gris: SweetDrunken Monkey: A MUST! Delicious!
4	Amazing burger...  Got to love the new trend in high end burger joints.  would I spend $18 on a burger everyday? no, but when I did I sure enjoyed it.  I had the gold standard and it was fantastic.  The only thing I did not like was the steak fries.  I tried my wifes shoestring and friends sweet potato fries and they were both great.  The steak fries reminded me of something from Jack IN the Box.  Service and atmosphere was great.  The Cosmopolitian hotel/casino is awesome.
5	Great Burgers, alcoholic shakes, ambiance and good service! Always make a stop here when I'm in Vegas, never disappoints.. Can't wait to go back already and try some other stuff on menu!
4	Gonna start with desert.The adult shakes are incredible espicaly the orange creamsicle (which really taste like a creamsicle) and the brown cow (a root beer float with pop rocks and rum).  The food is typical of  a good gastro pub; new American fusion.  You are rewarded for being adventurous.  The "Street Tacos" are made from duck confit, foie gras cranberry relish.  They are incredible.  Other appetizer standouts include the kalbi and kimchee quesadilla, the bull's balls (no they are not rocky mountain oysters), and the lobster corn dogs. The crispy pork belly bun is worth special mention.  Served with hoisin sauce and pea sprouts, its high end dim sum.Meat in a tube is well represented.  Try the Greek touri.  Different but very flavorful.Finally, the burgers.  Although I'm still partial to the Burger Bar, Holsteins offerings are very creative and good eats.  Cooked perfectly to order.  The "Rising Sun" (teriyaki glazed kobe burger with spicy mayo and tempura avocado) is a winner.Service is fast and efficient.One final note, the beer selection is excellent and very reasonably priced for the Strip.
5	Standard burger + boozy shake=delicious food coma. Heck, you're in Vegas, live a little...Seriously, though: the shakes are insane. Mine had a marshmallow in it and rum and probably some coke sprinkled on top because i inhaled the whole thing in 2 minutes and I really wanted to try another one right after. Luckily the burger arrived before i could double down on the shake and, well, that hit the spot. Good stuff.
4	My first trip to Vegas was a total culinary disaster. So this time, I did some research. I'll admit, what drew me to Holstein's wasn't really the food...it was the boozy shakes. Drunken Monkey? Yes, please. And that's what I ordered, which turned out to be delicious beyond my comprehension. Whoever thought to mix banana gelato and Frangelico deserves to be worshipped.The food was equally as outstanding. When I ordered my Rising Sun burger "medium rare to rare," my server warned, "The rare is cold and red, while the medium rare is warm and red. Would you prefer it warm or cold?" And so I ordered it medium rare. And out it came, warm and red and juicy Kobe beef. I was shocked that for once I didn't have to overcompensate in my ordering just to get a decent amount of pink in my burger. The toppings were perfect (you can't not love tempura avocado, really), and even the teriyaki glaze, which I was skeptical of, wasn't overpowering. The shoestring fries that accompanied it were great, especially with a side of truffle mayo.On top of everything, our server was excellent and very attentive, which in my experience hasn't been the norm in Vegas restaurants. Holstein's reassured me that there, in fact, IS good food to be found on the Strip, and I will certainly be returning here on my next trip.Update: I FINALLY got back here and had the Gold Standard burger this time. A little overcooked, and not as bold in flavor as the Rising Sun. Also, the fries were thicker and not as crisp--why the change?! I'm not as in love with Holsteins as I used to be, but it's still one of my favorite affordable spots on the Strip. I'll be back a third time for sure!
4	Clever. I really liked this place. To me it was fun. Cute and different ideas make this place worth checking out. Its not gonna blow your socks off but I think you'll have a good time if you're not too serious about everything. They try  - at being gourmet, hip, boozy, and on-trend - and they do all of that decently.We had no issues with service, but it was a Monday that we stopped in. So take that for what its worth. Nobody was rude to us, our waitress was attentive and everything came out in timely fashion.Drinks - This is definitely worth 1-2 stars on its own. They make what they call "adult vitamins" which are drinks that use Vitamin waters as their bases. Basically Vitamin water plus vodka/gin and some additional fruit juices. I know it sounds like pretty ridiculous but why not?  They were tasty and pleasant drinks after a long day. They were fairly strong. They also offer milk shakes with alcohol...you know you want it!  If I'm ever back at this place, I'll probably try one of these out. Food - Mostly burgers and variations on the concept. They make a good effort at gourmet or fusion-y type burgers - burgers made of duck, lamb, etc. or with various ethinically inspired toppings.  I appreciate the attempt, but I do think that if your place has the name of a type of cow in its name, you should probably offer at least a handful of beef burgers. Anyways, I had the "Classic" which is a beef patty-based burger with cheese. It was fantastic! Perfectly cooked and juicy. The patty itself maybe had a touch more salt than it needed but when eaten with bread, condiments, and toppings its fine.  The bun was nicely toasted and buttery. The Classic is your standard burger with lettuce, tomato, mayo, ketchup, and onion.  You can add on varying cheeses or a number of other toppings (fried egg, bacon, mushrooms, beef brisket, etc). I like the offerings and variety of flavors and palettes this place can appeal to. The quality of the ingredients is great. The flavors are nice. Food and drinks here are made unabashedly. Will definitely come back if I'm at the Cosmo.
4	Came here for a really late dinner on Friday night.  We were quickly seated and enjoyed the music from the in-house DJ.  I opted for the mini-meatball sliders and since I was planning a long night of boozin.  Our group tried the lobster Mac  n cheese and the duck fat fries.  Yum and yum.  Next time I'll try an alcoholic shake! Also from our table we got to enjoy the Marquee madness (huge lines) so that was entertaining as well.
5	OMG!!!  BEST cheeseburger EVER!!!   I am not a big red meat eater and I haven't had a cheeseburger out in years, but now I am craving them all the time!!  Their Cookies and Cream Bam boozled shake was delish too!!I can not wait to go back!!
5	To be completely honest, my husband and I stopped in for a quick bite to eat, not expecting anything...but what we got was SPECTACULAR!  This is the best burger I have ever had!  And the oreo shake with baileys was the icing on the cake to this place.I had the "rising sun" burger and my hubby had the classic burger.  These burgers are so flavorful, so soft and tender...like no other burger I've had.  My best comparison, frankly, would be in 'n out...but with a little more pizzazz.  They are fresh, juicy, and tasty!  The extra flavors and ingredients they add to the burgers are unconventional ideas, but oh-so delicious!  The prices are spot on for what you get...I don't mind paying $15 for these burgers at all.  For the record, after this place, I'm no longer giving my money to the Ruby Tuesdays-sorts anymore.  I'd much rather fly to Vegas for my next burger!
4	Maybe it's my fault for showing up to the Cosmopolitan on a Friday night without reservations, but this was the one place that was somewhat affordable that didn't require a wait longer than an hour.  That said, we were told it would be a 20-30 minute wait but actually waited for 45-50 minutes instead.  Not happy about that.However, the burgers made up for the wait.  Our rambunctious table quieted down while we scarfed down some delicious food.  The Gold Standard definitely hit the spot.  However, the fries seemed a bit lacking for whatever the reason.
5	I got offered over an hour wait at a restaurant upstairs, heard this spot was a nice place to grab a quick meal, but still has a 30+ minute wait. I wanted to at least get some cosmo experience, so I ponied up to the bar here. Despite the business, A Daisy Dukes put on a good show when it came to pouring my drinks and helping me with the menu. The 'BFG' as she put it=DANK. Lamb burgers are definitely my new flavor.
4	I had the lamb burger, and it was exactly what I hoped. Good shoestring fries. Good recommendation on a new wheat beer.
4	I went to Holstein's the day after St. Patrick's day.  People around looked like they were hurting, including the workers...even with that, the entire experience was positive.  Holstein's does a burger right!!  I had the Korean "bull"gogi.  If you like fried egg on your burger, this is your choice.  When I bit into the burger, the yolk ran down.  Sloppy, but the way I like my eggs.  More than anything else, the burger tasted like bulgogi.  Awesome!!!!  My friend had longhorn.  I took a bite and it was juicy.  Great job Holstein's!
3	We had sliders, sliders and more sliders. Loved the Lobster mac n cheese, they had the crispy outside that makes you want to eat EVERYTHING.  I had the slider with the foie gras on it and it was pretty well made.  I was totally eying the lobster roll which looked delicious as well.  Nom nom...would probably try again.
4	If your friends love burgers, like mine do, this is the perfect place to take them for any special event. A group of us came here for a birthday. We called ahead of time to make a reservation because it was a mid size group and around the holiday season. When we got there, the place was busy, but you could get away without making a reservation.The decor is warm, well lit, with splashes of colorful art. The server was friendly, attentive when we needed her, and kept her distance while we were celebrating. Orders were taken promptly, waters were refilled regularly, and food was brought out in a timely manner.The star of this place is the food. The ambiance is nice, but you forget about all that when the food appears. The alcohol milkshakes are amazing. They will definitely satisfy the child and adult within you. We tried four different kind that day. The Framboise float was not well balanced. Although we love the raspberry cider, it overpowered the vanilla ice cream. On the other hand, the campfire smores, orange dreamscicle, and the brown cow were delicious. They had enough alcohol to get you feeling good without the constant reminder.Starting out with the artichoke "guac" was unimpressive. In fact, looking back, I cannot remember it as vividly as I do with everything else we ordered.Now the burgers are spectacular. If you like it rich, decadent, and everything not good for you then this is the place for you. My group had our burgers family style to share. We got two gold standards; aged beef, smoked bacon, goat cheese, greens and aioli. They were delicious. The meat was moist, the saltiness of the cheese and bacon balanced well with the burger. Next was the captain hook; a salmon filet, greens, pickled shallots, and a caper mayo. The fish was charred and crispy on the outside while moist on the inside and the shallots gave it a nice zing. Now this is were we started to go over board and into the heart attack warning zone. The longhorn burger is amazing because it not only has a patty, but stacks on beef brisket, coleslaw. dill pickles, and then slathers it in whiskey BBQ sauce. This monster was disgustingly delicious, had my friend panting half way. Nothing beats the duck, duck, goose if you are talking about self indulgence. The duck confit and froie gras stuffed patty is ridiculous. When you bite into the succulent patty, you are first greeted by mouth watering beef, followed by the creaminess of the duck liver. The blend of all this with the plum sauce is amazing. If you are not a duck or liver fan, avoid this burger because it is ever present throughout. Top it all off with a few orders of duck fat fries and you might as well check into the hospital next.
4	Oh this place was soooooooo yummy!  My friends and I had been on property for an Identity club thing and of course with drinks you need food!  I remember hearing about this place so I offered it up for dinner, what a great idea.The place has a good decour, love the amount of light so that you can actually see your food and the people you are hanging out with.  The servers are running around like crazy, good and bad because it gets a little congested.  Otherwise, great service.  We didn't have to beg for more water or anything.We ordered some of the bam boozled shakes and they were some of the best shakes I have had.  I ordered the strawberry cheesecake and finished it before my friends got half way thru their own.  My burger was the longhorn which comes with coleslaw and brisket on it.  I asked for mustard thinking I would need it, but nope!  The burger was juicy and so full of flavor.  Writing this review makes me want to eat one right now!  Also the size of the burger was great.  It wasn't massive like Red Robin, basically normal size.  For me, thats what matters, a great burger that doesn't need its size to make it great!
3	Tasty mini burgers , sweet potato fries, pulled pork...not too big a fan of the duck fat fries though...not bad just not ooooh so delish!  If you need a burger that is tasty...stop in here.  I asked them for lettuce, tomato, & pickle for my mini burgers and they chopped them specifically for my order.  The buns were perfect, fresh, and just the right texture & fit for the burger size.Great service & nice decor.  If your at the Cosmopolitan and hungry for a good burger give them a try!
3	Went to Holstein's on Saturday night. We had to wait 30 minutes to be seated even though we had a reservation. Other than that, the service was great. I'm sorry I can't say the same about the food. The menu looked amazing but the execution was poor. Mainly, my mini burgers and our fries were cold and had lacked a lot of flavor. The truffle lobster mac & cheese was good but a little too creamy and not much of a truffle flavor.  The dessert menu has a lot of choices and I enjoyed the red velvet cake lollipop. For the money I spent, I would not recommend this restaurant to a friend.
5	Great happy hour drink offerings from 7-10 pm. We will be back!  We stopped by to check out their menu. It is very diverse and quite extensive. I love that they have their mini burgers. That gave me the opportunity to try a few different burgers, and not have a lot of just the one. I love some of the funky paintings on the wall, especially the one that looks like a lil robot at the front of the restaurant. The decor is amazing and the lighting is perfect. Being that this is part of the cosmo and it's a new establishment, I wasn't surprised that it got kinda crowded. The service is amazing and there wasn't a single complaint or WTH comment from anyone in our party of 9. I love that their menu also includes alcoholic milk shakes, sodas rom around the world and then some. This past visit, everything here impressed me and was perfect. I have to admit, reading some of the previous reviews, I was hoping for the best but was expecting the worst. I can tell you, as of March 19, 2011, this place is amazing. And really ,how you would pass up $1 shots and beer, I don't know.
5	Really wanted burgers on our trip to Vegas and so happy we decided to come to Holsteins. The service was rocky at first with the hostess making us wait for our whole party before being seated, but that was it.Our waitress was super helpful and gave some great suggestions. She couldn't convince us to get the milkshakes, but mostly because we had a night of partying and milkshakes just didn't seem like the right way to start out.For appetizers we tried: - (numbers/in relation to Yelp stars)Lobster Corn Dogs (4/5) - Crispy, fried, and corn dogs! YUMStreet Tacos (5/5) - AMAZING, duck meat wasn't over cooked, was very juicy.Truffle Lobster Mac & Cheese (4/5) - Truffle Oil was everywhere in Vegas and this was a great place to find it.Bull's Balls (1/5) - Dry, grainy, and should have been returned to the kitchen.All the burgers were amazing so I won't go into breaking them down. The fries all came out very hot and done well. Probably wouldn't order duck fat ones next time, but that's because the sweet potato ones were great. The meat on all the burgers was cooked perfectly, and you could see the care that went into pairing the burgers. Wish Holsteins was in every major city!
4	More of a hipster burger joint that has a variety shakes with alcohol.Things we tried:Crispy Pork Belly Bun and it was eh. Not worth the $$. Very tiny portions.Korean BulGogi Burger was not what we expected. The egg was practically dripping over the bun which made it taste 10x better.Duck Fat Fries...we did not taste the difference but it was above average.For the cheese aficionados: BRIE or GRUYERE can be added to your burger!!
4	This place is straight Legit. Everything we had here was fantastic except for the regular fries. I simply wasnt a fan, but the burgers are absolutely fantastic. Especially the New England Turkey Burger. The shakes are awesome. And not so super thick that you cant suck it through a straw. I will make this place a regular stop whenever I am in vegas.
5	Holstein is an AWESOME restaurant that clearly knows very well how to cook a burger....ordered mine medium rare and MR is what I received - I honestly haven't seen a better cooked burger.  I enjoyed everything about this place, from our cute server who joined the same obsession with sriracha that I have, to the most AWESOME Friday night DJ ever!  (I probably worked off my meal simply by shaking it in my seat!),  and to the tasty shoestring and sweet potato fries!  YUMM, nom, nom, nom.you need to order because I said so:*KOREAN BULL GOGI (the asian in me!) - the fried egg KICKS this burger into top gear - medium rare of course!*CRISPY PORK BELLY BUN - because its different and melts in your mouth!I'm making this restaurant a staple to my Vegas adventures - it is that tasty!  It's also right across from MARQUEE nightclub - the hottest spot on the strip right now!  :)
5	Wonderful selection and choice on their menu - I get so excited when I look at a menu and can't choose! The burgers were out of this world - "The Big Fat Greek" lamb burger was my choice with sweet potato fries and onion rings on the side. I was in the company of "my burger Posse" so we shared - YUM!!From Korean burgers to tandoori - WOW.
4	One of the better spots at Cosmo. Nothing fancy but a nice twist on old classics done right.
5	Food is great here and the service is also fantastic.Burgers:Gold Standard -- amazing. seriously, a delicious burger. one of the best i've ever had.Korean Bullgogi- also FANTASTIC. the egg gets gooey and covers the burger and the meat is delicious! a unique experience and a delicious one, too! has some kick with the kimchee and spicy mayo.Starters:Kalbi Beef/Kimchee Quesadila -- mm, so much flavor. spicy. cheesy. mmm...The two times I've been to Vegas since the Cosmo opened I've been here and I will continue to come here when in Vegas.
4	Like every other person I know, I am subject to food cravings. I had been riding the wave of trying to find a good burger to appease my senses when I stumbled upon Holstein's. Not only did the menu look appealing but they had seemingly found a way to combine two things I love most: sweets and alcohol. Sounded like a winner. I'm a huge fan of goat cheese and avocado so I immediately gravitated to the Gold Standard burger and my dining companion chose the Rising Sun. Of course, we ended up trying each other's and, I have to say, I was definitely not disappointed with what was hitting my tastebuds. Both burgers were cooked to perfection and much different than any I have ever eaten; Major points for that. As I said before, two words: alcoholic milkshakes. I didn't get the chance to try one my first time around but the second time, I brought some friends from out of town who I thought would really enjoy it, and we ordered the Grasshopper and the Smores. Both were incredible! Sweet, tasty, smooth. They were so delicious, I didn't even mind the price.Holsteins is a treat for everyone, no matter what their eating habits. Conservative, experimental, vegan; they do it all! I will definitely be returning soon!
2	First, before I even get to the food I have to comment on the noise or better stated music level in this restaurant. It is TOO loud. Cannot even hold a conversation. Our waiter told us he loses his voice after a shift having to yell to be heard. The food. Started with an app of pita chips and their guacamole. Guac was OK but the pita chips were a a bowl of crumbs. Would not order again. Had the hen burger it was OK. Thought they were very skimpy with the fries, very small portion. Better burgers can be had near by.
4	I've eaten a lot of burgers at a lot of places and I would be hard pressed to name a better one than the ones I sampled here. I can't wait to come back and keep working my way down the list.We went with a big group and were able to sample a few different burgers. I order the 'Gold Standard' which was epic. Loved the goat cheese. Friend across the table ordered the 'Longhorn' and we did a little burger swappage. The Longhorn was also excellent, and the brisket was fantastic. The star of the show for me though was when I sampled the 'Rising Sun'. It was literally an explosion of tastiness in my food hole. I had never heard of tempura avocado, much less considered putting it on a burger, but I think I'm going to put it on all my burgers from now on.While the burgers all were exceptional, the fries were pretty ordinary. I ordered the duck fat fries myself and was underwhelmed. Not sure what I was expecting, but I thought they would be noticeably different than regular fries. They were tasty, just not different like I expected. I also tried some of the regular fried which were well... regular fries. I did manage to snag one onion ring from the spousal unit while she wasn't looking. Much better than the fries. Nice and crispy and cooked through to the inside.As it was St Patrick's Day and we were busy drinking green beers and shots, we did not get around to sampling the shakes. I will put that on the agenda for the next visit(s).
4	Had the rising sun burger made of kobe beef, topped with nori furikake and avocado tempura.  Just da bomb!  I rarely order anything other than the classic burger but am so glad I did here.Gotta love a place that has Ommegaang on tap.  Plus, they serve it in a pint glass - which is kinda dangerous since it's 8.5% ABV but hey, I aint complaining.And don't sleep on those fried pickles.  This place is a bit expensive but no more so than any other places on the strip.  Quickly became one of my favorite spots in Vegas to eat.
4	Located at the Cosmopolitan Hotel, Holsteins has some amazing burgers. My friends and I ate here because we were gonna club at the Marquee next door and it had pink cow logo, which piqued my interest. It's a nicer burger place, so you should look presentable and not look hella grimey.Food:1) GOLD STANDARD - One of the best burgers I've had. Highly recommended. Aged beef sirloin with arugula, tomato, garlic-chive aioli. You can't go wrong with garlic aioli and goat cheese on a burger. I added a fried egg to it and it just made the burger so much more delicious.2) DUCK FAT FRIES - Fried in duck fat, but doesn't taste all that different from regular fries. What made it unique was that it came with fried peppers and onions on top, which gave it a slight kick of spicy.3) STEAK FRIES - the best steak fries I've ever had. I kept eating them even though i was stuffed. Well-seasoned and fried. I need to order more.. *drool$11 Alcoholic Shakes:1) FROZEN GRASSHOPPER - chocolate mint shake. It wasn't too minty and a little too sweet. Won't be ordering these overpriced shakes again.2) OREO SHAKE - Much better. Very smooth oreo shake with alcohol. yummm.Overall the shakes were good but way too overpriced. only half shot of alcohol.Service: 5/5 starsServer was very friendly and was very knowledgeable about the menu. I find it annoying when servers don't know the menu well. We were strapped for time so he hurried everything for us, which was cool. awesome!
4	Decent shakes... I prefer my shakes to be thicker, but I guess the alcohol prevents it from being super thick. The flavors were really good, though! The burgers were flavorful and a good size. What was disappointing was the duck fat fries. Really not ducky or crispy. Otherwise, the meal was pleasant and tasty.
5	Awesome atmosphere at this new Vegas hot spot in Cosmopolitan.  Loved the appetizers, especially the lobster mac 'n cheese.  Desserts were ridiculous.  So creative.  Huge props to the pastry chef.Staff was energetic and happy.  Definitely check out the "Adult Shakes" - good way to feel like a kid again (and also get buzzed...so, maybe you'll feel like you're back in high school).Maybe the best part about the place is the burgers.  Their veggie burger is so good - stores around the world should carry it.  Seriously.Heading back there again in a few weeks.  YAY PINK COW!!!!!!
4	When the Cosmo opened and I saw this menu, I knew I had to try it for their awesome burgers.  Once we were seated, I looked at the rest of the menu and decided that burgers were not the most interesting thing on there when I had Pork Belly buns and Lobster Rolls staring at me.My wife got a burger and it was easily one of the top burgers I've ever had.  However, the star for me, was the Pork Belly buns.  Crunchy, salty, sweet and chewy all in a single bite.  It was heavenly and covered in a delicious hoisin sauce, balanced perfectly by a pillowy sticky bun that I wished would self-regenerate so it wouldn't disappear.While we started our meal, we noticed a server prowling the restaurant with a bowl brimming with liquid nitrogen and the sort of smoke that you see in a sci-fi science lab.  He was serving freeze dried bubble gum meringue, for fun and free-of-charge.  "Eat it fast," he said, dropping a 'kiss' shaped dessert into our hands, "it's really cold."  We popped each playful "kiss" into our mouths and blew cold smoke rings as we crushed the delicate and flavorful meringue.  This single experience was enough for us to save room for the dessert menu.Feeling glutinous and somewhat playful, we decided to try some of their more childish desserts.  We ordered a Cereal Bowl shake (which tasted exactly like a bowl of Captain Crunch, with premium ice cream and vodka) and something called an Ice Cream Truck, basically ice cream served 4 ways.  The chocolate bacon ice cream sandwich is something I will never forget.  Don't miss it!The decor was very casual, with some leather booths, wooden paneling, hip music and pop art on the walls.  Atmosphere was loud and the crowd a varied mix of casual diners and pre-clubbers, all clearly attracted to the neon cow.All-in-all an excellent experience and we will be returning asap!
4	2:00 pm, Saturday in Las Vegas.  You wake up, finally, and realize that your intense inebriation from Friday night has been replaced with a hankering for some good food.  This is me a few weekends ago.  I was supposed to wake up and go to Bouchon in the morning to get a fancy breakfast, but somehow that didn't happen.  I even told my friends I would meet them there.  Sleep prevailed for a few more hours.  When my friends got back from their breakfast, I was hungry for lunch.  As we ventured to explore the new Cosmopolitan Hotel, Holsteins immediately caught my eye... well the pink cow in front sure did.  The modern feel and fun music drew us in. The menu has a bunch of fun items to choose from.  Their list of burgers is amazing.  Delicious meaty burgers.  They also had a great selection of alcoholic shakes (Bam-Boozled Shakes) and some cute flavored shots.  They also have plenty of beer and wine.  The ultimate burger spot I'd say.I decided to get the Rising Sun.  It was a Kobe beef burger with Teriyaki glaze, furikake, crispy yam, spicy mayo, and tempura avocado.  This was recommended from the waitress as her favorite burger.  It was honestly quite salty but it was really good.  The best part was the tempura avocado.  We also tried the Korean Bull-gogi.  That came with an over easy egg, kim chee, and kalbi glaze.  This burger was not as salty and also very good.  The Kobe beef of the Rising Sun made that burger super moist though.To drink we shared the Oreo shake, which had Bailey's Irish Cream in it.  Make sure that you finish it cold because a luke-warm alcoholic shake is not so good.  The Bailey's was really good and just barely noticeable, except when I felt my the heat in my face.  It is kinda pricey for a shake though $11.I would definitely come back to get some yummay burgers next time I am in LV... which I hope is soon!
5	I just love it here!  The food is delicious, the servers are friendly, and the atmosphere is great!  It's perfect for curing your hangover or stopping in to fill up your tummy when trying to prevent one.  Don't forget the milkshakes...mmmmm!  The only bad thing about it is that I don't live in LV so I can't go as often as I would like!
4	This was my second choice since the Wicked Spoon buffet had closed (boo!), but it ended up being a silver lining.  I would definitely come back here again!Good chocolate shake.The Gold Standard burger rocked my socks off.  Definitely comparable to Father's Office and other good LA burger joints.Loved the steak fries (skinny fries could've been better - a little too dry).Complimentary truffle popcorn from the chef?  Heck yeah!To top it all off, I must commend the service.  Our waitress was super knowledgeable about the beers available, she was friendly, checked up on us at the right times, and was just really nice and helpful overall (cannot remember her name, but she was blond....) At "hip" places I tend to hate the waiters because they're douches/rude, but this was not the case!
5	I was so pleasantly surprised by Holsteins. We ended up here after the line at Wicked Spoon was ridiculously long for Sunday Brunch. We were both a big hungover (hello? who isn't in Vegas) and after our less than average experience at China Poblano we opted for Holsteins.The decor and concept are cute- modern spin on a burger joint. We were served popcorn upon sitting down which was cool. There is a HUGE beer list.. my British BF was more than thrilled about that. I ordered a cilantro infused vodka bloody mary that came in a martini glass with a ginormous cocktail shrimp.. hands down best bloody mary I have EVER had. BF ordered Classic with cheese, I opted for pork belly sliders with a side salad as I'm not a big burger person. My food was melt in your mouth good.. maybe it was the oxygen pumping in Vegas but one of the best pork belly wraps I have had. Came with a side of sirarcha flavored mayo which rocked.Service was great, drinks were great, food was great.. just go.
5	Holsteins...where should I start??? First let me say what an AMAZING burger it was...a friend of my recommended this place since I told him about my trip to Vegas. When I came the atmosphere was a bit trendy and I got seated right away. The waitress was nice and took our order right away. I ended up getting the Golden Stantdard. The patty (made from aged meat) was nice and juicy (I ordered my medium rare)...and the toppings were just awesome and balanced the burger. I was a little weary since it came with goat cheddar but it ended up being really good...so good you don't even need to open that ketchup bottle. The fries (steak fries) were seasoned to perfect although I believe it could've came with a few more. Holsteins is becoming a MUST everytime I come to Vegas!!!
5	It's hard to find a place to eat in Vegas that holds the middle ground between pretentious and expensive, and fast food. Holsteins fits that niche perfectly! It's a laid-back atmosphere with an upscale twist on American food. I was thrilled to find items like buffalo wings on the menu, but they also had duck fat fries and other similar items. Pricing was good, and service was excellent. We'll return here any time we come to Vegas!
4	I am no fan of shrimp cocktail but, tried theirs (cuz a friend ordered it) and it was delicious. HUGE, sweet, and no need for the cocktail sauce which itself was, also, delicious.Tried 3 of their milkshakes (mint, cookies and cream, and strawberry shortcake) and was really impressed. Not by the goodness of it but, by the amount of liquor you can taste.....cuz, well, YOU CAN, actually, taste the liquor in them!!!!!! Not enough to get a good buzz going but, hey..it is a milkshake, afterall.Best thing I found out on my last trip was that they give locals discounts *ching*ching* WINNER WINNER, HOLSTEINS DINNER!!!!!!
5	Arrived well before check in time at the hotel and we were hungry for lunch so we headed to Holsteins and were not disappointed.  We ordered a Spark and Oreo Milkshake to go with our burgers.  Burgers were cooked perfectly and were outstanding.  The Sparks were so good we had three.Went back to Holsteins a couple of days later for dessert.  Lollipops were to die for. The Strawberry Shortcake Slider & Fries were just okay.Third visit to Holsteins on the last day.  Ordered two Sparks this time.  The waitress asked how they were and we said they didn't taste as good as the ones on the first day.  She said it might be a different bartender but took our drinks back.  We were surprised when she came back and said that we were right and the bartender realized he had forgotten the agave nectar and was remaking our drinks.  Second try was better but definitely a different bartender makes a difference!We didn't realize how much time had passed until the manager came up to our table and said, "I'm sorry you are waiting so long for your food. We lost your ticket.  I'm sending over some Artichoke Guac so you don't starve."  He offered us two more complimentary cocktails but we said we were good with the water.  The Artichoke Guacamole arrived and was very good.  Our Longhorns arrived shortly after and were worth the wait.The service on all three visits was first rate. Would highly recommend Holsteins.  Excellent food and outstanding service.
5	Came here on Monday, and 1$ shots and 1$ beer! How can you say no?! What a great place to pre-game before hitting up Marquee nightclub. And must I say their burgers are out of this world! My friend and I got the kobe beef burger and the steakhouse burger and split them. Just some excellent quality meat... The taste was great too, but it mostly comes from their meat quality, so my hat off to Holsteins. Oh, and let's not forget their crunchy shoe string fries! Yummm... Okay I'm starting to sound like a fatty so I will end it here... Next time I come, I will try the shakes!
4	A group of us visited Holsteins on a Saturday night and only waited approximately 20 minutes to get 13 people seated in one area. We all were helped right away. As for drinks, I didn't want to be too full for Marquee so I didn't get the try any of their famous shakes. Right after the drink orders were taken, we received a small bucket full of buttered popcorn. It was a bit salty but it had a lot of flavor. We also ordered the potato chips for $6. It was tasty but not $6 worth. For the main course, my friend and I ordered from the Tiny Buns section. We tried the Crispy Pork Belly Bun and Tenderloin Rossini. REMINDER: Those burgers are tiny. The portions are literally 4 bites total. The Crispy Pork bun had too much hoison sauce but the pork was cooked perfectly. The Tenderloin Rossini was definitely worth the $17.50. The tenderloin was cooked to perfection. The downside was that I could not taste the foie gras nor the truffle mayo. The overall vibe of the restaurant and the food was 5 star worthy. But the restaurant was too loud. I seriously could not hear myself think. Therefore I brought the ratings down to 4 stars. If you are ever at the Cosmopolitan, you should definitely check this place out.
5	The Steakhouse burger medium done is probably the best burger I've ever had. If you enjoy burgers, defenitely give it a try.
1	Holsteins is probably the most mismanaged restaurant I have ever been to.  Typically, when I go to Vegas, I like to have at least one meal that isn't quite as formal (and we typically pick something fun like Burger Bar, BLT Burger, Pink Taco, etc).  This time we decided to try Holsteins mostly because the Cosmopolitan is such a nice hotel.  Unfortunately Holsteins wasn't up to par with the service level in the rest of the hotel.  It took about 30 minutes to get our food and they got the order wrong.  They corrected the food part but never gave us our drinks.  About halfway through our meal, the waitress informed us that they weren't making the drink my wife ordered that night (very strange) and they still hadn't got my strawberry milkshake.  We finished our meal and one of the managers came by to clear our plates.  He asked how our meal was and I informed him that I still hadn't gotten my strawberry shake (had mentioned it to the waitress when she was by earlier).  It finally arrived about 15 minutes later (in fairness, the manager did apologize and took the shake off our bill).  We noticed 2 other tables complaining also about the time it was taking to get their food.  All throughout this process they typically had 6 people on the floor (2 cocktail servers in bright red dresses who the bus boys were just hanging around and flirting with, a couple of hostesses...one that was just standing in the middle of the floor and doing nothing, and a couple of managers that weren't doing much of anything).  Although they couldn't just go to the back and flip burgers, my thought process throughout was that they should have had less front end people and more in the kitchen.  If this is typical of this restaurant, we will just frequent the other burger restaurants the next time we're in town Honestly, they're a dime a dozen in Vegas and the service at the other places I mentioned is far superior to Holsteins.
3	I was in the mood for a simple burger, and simple was what I ordered. I'm tired of places overcompensating for their mediocre meat with look-at-what-I-did! garnishes. Anyway, under all that egg and avocado and teriyaki is some good ground round. I scarfed mine down pretty quick. I haven't had the full Holstein's experience yet, so next time I'll order one of their boozy shakes and then reassess the star rating.
4	Passion. Many of the earth walkers lack this. Many proclaim to have it. They're just lying to themselves. Being a die hard Rage Against the Machine fan isn't passion. That's just plain old shitty taste in music. I, on the other money clenching hand, have passion. In fact, I have many of them. The Filet O Fish passion being the strongest and most lucrative. Another of them is, that I am/was chomping at the bit to turn Osama Bin Laden's head into a canoe. That one can be let go of...maybe. Another (the list goes on and on), and probably more important, cheeseburgers. Warmly situated in The Cosmopolitan, where I can be my usual mogul self and drop $17 for a burger and cutesy mini bucket of steak fries, enjoy them, and not be hounded for autographs and paparazzi. I have grown tired of putting my sharpie to bare supple breasts and cheeks of the buttocks of attractive, but morally questionable women. I don't quite remember which burger I ordered, but I do recall letting out a, "Mmmm-mmm, that is a tasty burger. Vincent, ever have a Big Kahuna Burger?" Blame the torrential down pour of Goose and Tonics from the the previous night for my lack of memory. However this review is more than fuckin' helpful. The duck fat fries are no longer on the menu. So you novelty food seeking bastards are in for a rude surprise. See, bishes....helpful. Suck on it. The kimchi quesadilla is good and spicy, but you might be hard pressed to find it worth the $14. Not me, I just refinanced my 1995 Maserati. So I'm good with the loot.Excuse me, I have to go water my passion(s).
2	not a fan. ordered the toscana mini's--sausage tasted like they just took it out of the freezer and thawed it. sauce on top was tasteless, sausage wrapped with bread. holstein mini burgers weren't very "burgery" either--tasteless and dry. with a side order of steak fries, the pill was $45--steep for tasteless food. will not go back.
4	Rule No. 1:  Don't piss me off before I even get seated.Rule No. 2:  Refer to Rule No. 1Fresh from a Cosmopolitan Event at the Yard, their fourth floor pool, with ThreeKindsOfRumAndMangoPuree powerhouse drink in hand, my husband and I descended from up above for a burger at Holstein's.  Having attended a lot of beautiful, upscale, free functions at the Cosmopolitan, making it my favorite casino hotel, it was time to give back and actually patronize and pay for a meal there. Now I've traveled a good part of the world and most of the United States, and almost always have something drinkable in my hand, usually a Starbucks cup but, in a casino it's more likely a glass of wine after I've been gambling for a while.  Never, ever, ANYWHERE, have I been told that I can't bring an outside drink in.  This forced me either to leave the drink or chug-a-lug it.  Guess what I did?  But I wasn't happy.  The manager, when asked about their policy, was completely lame.  "We don't want anyone to get drunk."  Duh, is that why they have a full bar, complete with multiple flat screen TVs showing all manner of sports programs???  Bad beginning.  But I have to tell you that my burger - the California Turkey burger - may have been the best turkey burger I've ever eaten.  Moist.  Perfectly seasoned.  On a bun that was dense, so it didn't turn to mush like at all the other burger joints.  With all the other good stuff, too:  guacamole, pepper jack cheese, a huge tomato slice that was actually red and ripe, and a bit of slaw.  The steak fries were crisp, hot, and stayed hot, probably due to the little metal pail they're served in.My husband had Brisket Burger, a beef burger with a topping of juicy brisket in barbecue sauce.   He loved it.  He also loved his sweet potato fries, which were presented as one of the four potato options to accompany the burger.  But he wasn't told that there was a two-buck upcharge for them, which is a no-no in my book.We didn't try the shakes, because we were too full from all the drinks and chips we stuffed ourselves with upstairs, but they look great.  Our waitress was efficient, but not all that friendly, until she delivered the check.  Then it was all smiles and profuse thanks.  And we did appreciate the 15% discount for locals, though I'm not sure if it's a regular policy or because we bitched about the drinks.Given the quality of the food, we'll definitely go back.  Hmmm, if I pour my drink into a Starbucks cup, I wonder...
4	Any place there's a pink and white cow in the middle of the bar, I'm there.Holstein's was a great find last night, after countless hours of scouring the Yelp site for something other than sushi.  I was ready for a change, for a new spot to grab a burger, and when I saw the reviews for Holsteins and it's location, I had to give it a try.  Let me start by saying that the Cosmo itself is beautiful, and this place makes it even better with a pink and white cow in the middle of the bar.  I made reservations through their website (highly recommended) for dinner at 9pm.  Late?-Sure, but it prevents us from eating with the regular dinner crowd.  We arrived and were greeted by the nice hostess who seated us immediately a corner half booth.The ambiance is really comforting and chic, which I love.  With the chocolate leather seating to the bright colored tiles aligning one wall and picture-framed tv's, it's metrosexual.  The menu is interesting, too, boasting unique sodas, shakes, and burgers.  Obviously, the menu was in the higher dollar range for a burger considering it is in the Cosmo, but I went all out and ordered what I wanted.  I ordered their newest shake--the cereal bowl--which tasted like breakfast in the morning but in a really fantastic way.  With vanilla ice cream mixed with crushed Cap'n Crunch and Fruity Pebble cereal, it was quite a treat to have, almost like dessert before dinner.  I LOVE IT.  I'm a big cereal person, so this was perfect for me (and it was suggested by the server).Frank picked up this crazy strawberry soda that was really really good.  I'm going to try and find it at the soda shop on Trop and the 215.We had the philly spring rolls with tempura pepper slices and ketchup.  It was freakin' great.  The flavors and textures were all on point.  When you combine a philly with a spring roll, magic happens.  Squishy, creamy, gooey cheese oozes out of the end and the ketchup makes it all the better.We ordered their kettle chips, which had this great bleu cheese salt on them, and the french dip was awesome, too.  Unfortunately, the spring rolls trumped the chips, but they would go great with a beer at the bar, for sure.I ordered the Rising Sun burger: Kobe beef patty with tempura avocado, crispy yam strings, teriyaki sauce and spicy mayo.  Wow. Just the right amount of sauce and the yams gave it this nice, sweet, spicy flavor and texture.  The meat itself was well seasoned and perfectly cooked.  With that soft, white bun that didn't overpower the meal (it was really light), I believe that I found my favorite burger in Vegas.Frank ordered the Gold Standard: aged beef patty with guyere (substituted for the aged goat cheese), lettuce, tomato, and onion.  He added lobster, which made it decadent and very flavorful. The sweetness of the lobster accentuated the patty's aged flavor.  It's a winner, for sure.With no room for dessert, we tapped out with an 81.00 bill, which was expected.  I would definitely eat here again. And again. And again.If you want to try this place out, do.  There's a lot of try and many days out of the year to do it.
5	I'll get the bad news out of the way: The hostesses were shockingly rude and their ineptitude staggering. Had I not had my heart set on a burger, I would have turned on my heal and gone next door (who had a friendly greeting just viewing the menu).  I overheard the table next to me going on about the ridiculousness of these horrid hostesses after being sat by one.  These girls had a "what are you doing here?" attitude. I imagine one of them answering the phone: "Holsteins, you're welcome."  Perhaps Smiling 101 could be a start?That being said:  Server (Kyle) recommended the Rising Sun burger and it was THE best burger I've had EVER.  Tempura avocado, nori furikaki, crispy sweet potatoes...give me one right this second.  Service was cool, friendly, and professional.  Nicely done.Atmosphere was fun and lively, but the stupid bass from the DJ was literally vibrating the booth I was sitting in.  Let's go for quality over quantity here, Holsteins. Bamboozled Shakes are inventively crafted, by suggestion had the Drunken Monkey...YUM.1 star for door, 5 for service and food.
5	Loved this place.  Went twice on my latest trip to Vegas and each time was great.  Had the gold standard and the long horn burger and each was fantastic.  The philly cheese steak rolls are to die for, but the artichoke guac is a miss.  Beer selection is off the charts and the servers were attentive and fun.
5	Had a steakhouse burger and it was awesome! Also had the chicken fingers n waffles appetizer, which was also really good!
4	Buns and shakes...I guess they are alluding to..well they didn't say it specifically and it wasn't a breastaurant in case you are wondering! They have a nice selection of different burgers each with a different spin. I had the kimchi burger and was really impressed. Very flavorful with the sweet sauce and crunchy kimchi and the bun was soft and sweet. The sweet potato fries on the side were nothing special. Just anyplace frozen kind. Would have been nice to have some banchan instead, but it's a burger place :pMy friends were also nice enough to share the gold standard burger w tomato & arugula--very peppery. The delhi chicken sando--mild Indian flavor. The salmon--lots of salmon for the seafood lover. I liked the pickled shallots. Wanted more of them! Other than the food the atmosphere is laid back, waitstaff fine, not in your face.It's a bit expensive, but it's Vegas! I'd go back~
4	There are some really fun  fusion food options like kalbi beef & kimchee quesadillas and philly cheesesteak egg rolls.  You can order a side of bulls balls, an alcohol infused shakes like the drunken monkey and pick up strippers at the bar or club right outside the restaurant.  What more do you need in Vegas?
2	After reading and salivating over the rave reviews for this place, my bf and I decided to give this place a try. We showed up around 7pm on a Saturday, and there wasn't a wait. We should have taken this as a bad sign... The FOOD: Since we weren't that hunger, we just ordered the guacamole with pita chips for an appetizer and the hen house burger for an entree. The guacamole and pita chips were good, but nothing special. Also, there were way more chips than guacamole.. wasn't impressed. Then theres the burger. My first impression was that it was TINY for a $14 burger, but I thought the taste would make up for it. I take my first bite and...... BLAND! The flavor of the meat was nothing special and you could hardly even taste the egg in the burger. I have tried burgers from many different burger joints, and this burger does NOT even come close to being considered one of the best!The SERVICE: Other reviews say they received popcorn once they were seated, we did not; I guess their popcorn machine was broken that night! The servers were nice, but the service itself wasn't that great. After we were almost done with our food, our server did not come by once to ask if we'd like a refill. I didn't even get my water refill until AFTER the she brought us the check; I had been running on empty for about 10 minutes. Also, it took a while for her to get our bill straightened out (probably about 15 minutes), and the place wasn't even fully busy.Overall, I expected to have great food and great service and I was disappointed. I know other yelpers really like this place, and I really wanted to like it too, but I guess my relationship with Holsteins just wasn't meant to be!
5	YUM!This is what we ordered:1. Greener Pastures w/ a side of beef brisket2. The Classic Burger on Wheat Buns3. A Bellini4. A vodka tonicSalad was delicious! Beef Brisket SUPER tender. Burger order was actually a bit wrong (wrong bread wrong cheese), but my boyfriend didn't realize til half way through because it was that good. Onion Rings - delish! Drinks were delicious. And they bring you a can of popcorn at the end of your meal. Score! Our server Chaz was also awesome.
4	Holy Cow this place was good! After a long trek from the East Coast to Las Vegas for a conference we were ravenous. We were staying at the Cosmopolitan and decided to find an affordable place in house to satisfy our hunger. We ended up settling on Holstein's due to the favorable reviews and the comfort of having a burger and fries. We were quickly seated around 6 pm on a Thursday night and were immediately given a nice bucket of popcorn (which means I will have to break out the floss later). Service was very friendly and our waiter was spot on with recommendations. I had the Steakhouse Burger which was cooked to absolute perfection. Cooking a burger correctly isn't that easy but Holstein's seems to have to process down pat. The steak fries are highly recommended. They also have an impressive beer collection if you need something to accompany your burger. We also ordered the lollipops for a dessert and these were more of a gimmick than an actual satisfying dessert. The only one that was worth eating again was the brownie one so don't waste your money here. The shakes looked yummy but I was too stuffed to attempt one after the lollipops (although I plan on heading back before leaving). The dessert wasn't enough to detract from a solid 4 stars though. You can't go wrong here and the price is good for a restaurant on the Strip.
3	The name says it all. Come for the shakes and buns, but not for the burgers. Holsteins is in the Cosmopolitan Casino on the 2nd floor shopping area. I was there a little after the lunch hour and had no problem getting a seat at the bar (I was flying solo until my peeps arrived in Vegas). The service was decent and I quickly ordered the "Gold Standard" burger with dry aged sirloin, goat cheese, bacon, arugula and a wheat bun. Let's just say the burger was OK and the bun was the highlight. Whatever taste of the sirloin was drowned out by the goat cheese. It was basically a goat cheese burger. The ingredients were fresh and the bun was the best hamburger bin I've ever had...but that isn't going to get it a 4-star rating.The shoestring fries were cooked to perfection by extremely salty. Maybe it is to help you retain water in the desert climate. Or maybe the cook spent too much time on the Strip last night. Who knows?!Bottom line. Holsteins was the typical flashy, overpriced midrange Vegas restaurant letdown. Good, but certainly not great...and not worth the price.
4	Burgers and shakes...yum!Came here for lunch with some friends from China. They wanted to try some "American food" so we brought them here to check it out.This place has some awesome burgers and shakes. They are a bit pricey though. The shakes are good tasting and a bit creative, although at $11 dollars, are a bit on the expensive side. Had the drunken money ( Reeses pieces and bananas), and the cereal bowl (vanilla with pieces of cereal) The burgers are very tender, and although I only had the "Rising sun" (kobe beef, with spices and avocado) ($16.5), the other burgers looked very good too.Very good food at a higher price, but if you're in Las Vegas everything is going to cost more!
2	Came here for lunch with a rather big group, the restaurant was pretty empty at the time.  I was very disappointed with the burgers, namely because the bun's were absolutely terrible!  I had the Gold Standard with Onion Rings.  The burger patty was cooked medium, and all the fix-ins complimented the burger well...but I can't get over the fact that the bun was so terrible.   The burger bun was dry, cold, and slightly stale...it was so terrible that I could not enjoy my burger.  I almost had to eat the burger patty by itself and toss the bun.   Everyone else in my group agreed, the burger bun was stale and dry.  If it wasn't for the dry bun, I might be able to give it 4-stars, but I just could not enjoy my burger on a stale dry bun!  The burger patty was good quality, but I can't enjoy a burger without a good bun!  The onion rings were okay, i've had better, I really wished they were beer battered.   For the price of the burgers, I really expected a more satisfying burger; the burgers were not that big to begin with.  I think I will stick to Burger Bar in Mandalay Bay.As with everything else in Vegas, high prices don't always equate to high quality.   My meal came out to be $25 for a burger, onion rings, and water...for this price I expect a damn good burger, which Holsteins did not deliver.  Burger bar has much better burgers, and better prices!
5	In a slightly inebriated state, I once tried to make ice cream shots with one of my best friends because we thought the ice cream would mask the taste of alcohol. We thought we were geniuses. Til we tried it. And it was not good.BUT...Holstein's has somehow managed to change that. If you're at the Cosmo or near the Cosmo, it'll be worth your while to try a "bamboozled shake." After being heavily advertised to go here by Thia G, I forced my friends walking around the strip with me during the day to come get a shake with me. The wait was rather long for them to make it, but take pictures of the spotted pink cow while you're waiting!Ordered a Frozen Grasshopper because I LOVE MINT. It came with a cute light green peppermint meringue on top and sprinkled mini chocolate malt balls. Alcohol content was creme de menthe and van gogh dutch chocolate vodka. BEST. MILKSHAKE. I'VE. EVER. HAD. Period. And I mean, at $11 a pop, it had better be damn good. But it was! I couldn't taste the alcohol at all, although I felt the effects later, but shoot, I'll be damned if I ever had such a delicious milkshake before in my life. I may just be biased because it was mint flavored and I have an obsession with mint, but I'm pretty sure everyone else with me agreed that it wasn't just me. Try it! I can't wait to go back to Vegas and try another flavor! =) 5 stars for their bamboozled shakes! And thanks Thia G. for the suggestion!
3	I came here last Friday for a friend's birthday (sorta) dinner, and besides the service, which was pretty good for the size of our party, the food didn't seem to be that great. It does sit in a convenient location, since it's across from Marquee's entrance.I guess it might just be that I've had more than enough of my share of burgers the past week, but the classic burger didn't have any real stand out flavor to it.  The steak fries were okay, but not much different from something  you'd get from Red Robin. The only thing that got me interested in the place was their selection of beers. I actually spent more time deciding on what beer I wanted to drink the on what I wanted to eat, probably if I spent more time on deciding what to eat I might've enjoyed it more.  Anyway I ordered the Red Fox Stout, and it had someone of a similar taste to Guiness but with interesting flavors of what seemed similar to wine.From the other reviews, it's seems like the place has better things to offer, so it's possible that I'd give this place a shot again. But there are other great restaurants in the area, so I wouldn't force myself to eat here if I couldn't decide on anything to eat.
5	Just started yelping, but went here back in January. I can still taste the delicious burgers and fries, and I'm reviewing 5 months after the visit.  That's how good the burgers were.I got comp'd by Cosmo and was giving $100 in food credit as well.  After eating here the first night, we decided to spend the rest of the credit here the second day. This place is a MUST EAT when in Vegas.
4	Excellent.  Very friendly and quick service.  Had the Delhi chicken burger, which was Mango chutney on a grilled chicken breast that was perfectly cooked and seasoned.  Would give it 5 stars but it was a bit too pricey.  Paid $30 for a burger and a beer. ($25 plus tip. They got the full 20% for being so nice!).Arrived at lunch time and there was a waiting list for tables, but could go straight to the bar which had the full menu.
4	We were there last weekend while staying at the Cosmopolitan. Stopped there Friday afternoon for drinks and appetizers. The Harvest cocktail is excellent with a great pear flavor. My boyfriend had the Galbi quesadilla which was terrific and a bit different.Saturday night we returned for a 10:30pm dinner because the burgers looked really good and the alcoholic dessert shakes were calling our name. Boyfriend had the rising sun and that tempura avocado makes it irresistible. I had the Captain Hook which is a grilled salmon "burger" (it is not a ground up salmon burger, rather a nice piece of grilled whole salmon) topped with lox! Very tasty. If anyone is familiar with Umami Burger in LA, then it is along those lines. Emphasis on the flavor combinations, not on how big the burger is or how much stuff is slopped onto it. Cooked to perfection as well. More cocktails, all good.The absolute best thing is the dessert shakes. We ordered the Lemon Meringue Pie and it might be the tastiest thing I've ever had! Unbelievable! Hands down the best shake out there. Servers and other staff are very friendly and give you accurate information. When they say the wait is 20 minutes, it's 20 minutes. Overall a really good experience.
4	Great option if you're in the Cosmopolitan. I tried their sliders (tiny buns) - meatball was perfect and the holstein beef was solid. Sit in the bar - guaranteed some of the best people watching in Vegas with Marquee in your sights.
4	Stopped by here for dinner after finding it impossible to get into Mandalay Bay to go to Fleur.  Is Calle 13 really that popular?John Curtas claimed that Holsteins pork belly buns were almost as good as Momofuku's in NYC (http://www.eatinglv.com/2010/12/holsteins-has-got-it-goin-on/) so we had to try them out.  A lemon meringue shake and a Korean burger rounded out the order.  My husband and I were starving from driving around Mandalay Bay and Luxor for an hour trying to find parking and getting stuck in traffic.   Our very nice server quickly took our order.The food came out very, very fast.  Which was great but also a little disconcerting.  They can cook that fast?  LBS, Holsteins sister restaurant at Red Rock Casino, takes forever!  And we weren't the only ones.  Our neighbors all got their food within 5 minutes of ordering.  Crazy.The pork buns are NOT "almost as good" as Momofuku's.  Not even close.  Maybe because Holsteins can see John Curtas coming a mile a way in his all-white suit, he got a better version.  But these were just ok.The Korean burger had a good flavor to it but there was too much liquid involved and the bottom bun was pretty soggy.The lemon meringue shake stole the show.  It's sounds weird but salted caramel in a lemon shake with Grand Marnier - brilliant!We figured our modest order and half-starved state would leave us enough room to try the infamous China Poblano next door. We were wrong.  The fat content of the food combined with the shake made us full very quickly. I like the service and the concept and the shakes.  I am definitely a fan.
4	So, I'm a vegetarian but we wound up here post Billboard Music Awards after staggering around trying to hail a cab. Hailing a cab in Vegas apparently requires a guidebook.Despite the cow house that Holsteins is, they have an "Urth burger". *giggle*The ambiance is pretty tan and nonviolent. Yes there's a big pink cow off the side when you walk in but beyond that, it doesn't scream STEAKHOUSE! in your face. There are little white outlined cows on glass partitions between booths but it's otherwise rustic mod, casual dining. We had no reservations but were seated promptly. It took awhile for the waitress to greet us, but to be fair we were probably extra anxious because we had just sat through three hours of the BMAs and were about to eat the table.As other Yelpers mentioned the food did come out pretty quick after we ordered. A little weird if I think everything is kinda sitting there udder (get it?) warmers but we were hungry so... whatevs.The macaroni w/truffle was divine. Order it. The modest portion is good to eat alone, or nicer if you share it. Everyone else seemed to enjoy their pulled pork bites, meatballs, guac, and sweet potato fries.My Urth Burger was HUGE. It didn't taste like a Morning Star, Boca or any other patty I've tried. That's usually a good thing because it means it's homemade, but I would be surprised if was here. A completely fine vegetarian option. The cider here is popular. They ran out of two types. There are crazy shakes on the menu that I'll have to try the next time I return.
4	In the land of buffets, $5 steak & eggs and celebrity-owned restaurants, sits Holsteins smack dab in the middle of The Cosmopolitan! All Yelpers are aware of the must-go (cheap) Vegas eats (Raising Cane's, Hash House, Earl of Sandwich and of course, Burger Bar), and I'm happy to say that Holstein's can join that list.Although my Kobe Beef Burger (The Rising Sun) ran me about $17 bucks, it was welllll worth it. It was topped with Tempura Avocado, Spicy Mayo, Crispy Sweet Potatoes, Furikake & Teriyaki Glaze...can you say yum??! My burger was cooked to medium perfection and it came with a side of thick, seasoned wedge fries. I love the variety on the menu as well. This place boasts Spiked Milkshakes, DIY Burgers, Mini Hotdogs, Chicken & Waffles and many different burger creations. I was torn between my Kobe Beef Burger and the "Big Fat Greek" which was a Lamb Burger topped with Feta & Tzatziki sauce, mmmm! Definitely a place to check out, especially if you don't want to go alllll the way to Mandalay Bay to eat at Burger Bar. Holstein's is a must for burger enthusiasts :)Quick tips:-Located on the 2nd floor along with the Chandelier Bar and across from Marquee-Complimentary garlic/cheese infused popcorn-Friendly service-Awesome atmosphere!!
4	Great place at a beautiful hotel.  Burgers, shakes, etc.  For a complimentary appetizer, they give you garlic pop corn.  So yummy!
2	I love burgers and fries and eat them more than I should.This place is a disappointment. Terribly overpriced and not very good.First, there was the regular chocolate milkshake I ordered. It was watery and not very creamy, like there wasn't enough ice cream and not very good quality ice cream. It was also small considering it was $8. Maybe that's why the waitress tried to sell me an alcohol milkshake.I ordered the burger rare and it took a while to get our food. My burger came out medium well, but I was really hungry and had no patience to send it back. The burger itself was just ok, nothing great. $5 for fries, and not very many fries.
4	Love the burgers! Even better with sweet potatoe fries! The shoestring fries are my 2nd fav. I tried The Rising Sun, and it was so good. The kobe beef was cooked to order, however you like it. The meat came out perfect!The Hen House was even better because it has eggs! I'm a big egg-lover. And of course bacon can do no wrong.
2	I can honestly say that this place had some of the worst service I have ever had. Our server, Nicole/Nikki was absolutely awful. You know the service is bad when you see all their other tables looking around for their server and looking generally disgruntled. We asked several times for things that we ordered with our meal and didn't receive them. I literally filled my own water with the water bottle I had because no one would fill our waters. The other servers were hanging out by the computers and not helping anyone in the restaurant, which was super frustrating. My burger was alright. The bun was super hard (almost inedible) and I didn't get the mushrooms I ordered on it so it was really disappointing. The side salad I got, however, was really good. I'm not sure what kind of dressing it had but it was delicious. I'm not quite sure why but we were given popcorn at the beginning of the meal. I would give this place another chance because it did have some redeeming qualities, but I would hope to have a more friendly and competent server next time.
4	We came here on our last day - we both had hangovers and needed something greasy and a nice fat burger was definitely the remedy to our hangovers. I ordered the Hen House burger with fried egg, bacon, lettuce, tomato, onion and ketchup and a side of shoestring fries ($14) and the boyfriend got The Longhorn burger topped with smoked beef brisket, whiskey BBQ sauce, cole slaw and dill pickle and a side order of steak cut fries ($16). Both burgers were huge! I really liked my burger, I wasn't too sure about the fried egg on a burger but that shit was amazing! The yolk cracked and the bun soaked it all up and it was delicious :) and the you can't go wrong with bacon - it was the perfect breakfast/lunch/hangover burger ever! The boyfriend wasn't fond of his though - he said that brisket that came on top was really fatty and the brisket was the reason he ordered the burger. He helped me eat my burger which was fine because I could only eat a third of it anyways. I couldn't get enough of my fries either, those shoestring fries were amazingly addicting. Service was alright - I was too out of it to really care about the service though, I just wanted my food which did come out fast so I had no complaints.
4	After reading many yelpers raving about this place, the girlfriend and I decided to give it a shot.  The pink cow didn't hurt too (how can you turn away a pink cow?!? she says)Location:  Located in the new Cosmopolitan Hotel right outside of Marquee nightclub, this joint is in a prime spot to see and be seen in.  Definite positive points in my book.Atmosphere:  The top 40s music really gets your heart pumping and is very fitting for a Cosmo hotel food establishment.  I honestly didn't take much notice to the artwork and aesthetic elements of the restaurant.  Very pop modern feel without being too noisy or overbearing.  There is a bar and lounge area at the front if your in the mood for a more casual mingling time with knee high tables and LCD tvs behind the bar.  Beyond that is the regular dining portion of the restaurant.Food:  -Fried pickles-"Rising sun burger"-Sweet potato fries-Shoestring friesFried pickles baby!  Money. Ok honestly this was the first time I had fried pickles in my life, and well I am a DIE HARD pickle lover (so really any sort of pickles would be great), these were pretty bomb.  They give you a little tin with some breaded fried pickles in them, fried olives, and caper berries!  What is a caper berry? Yes first time I have come across one myself (like ash finding a new pokemon I guess? kinda puzzling, yet exciting).  But yah, it was pretty darn good.  I was kinda sad that there were only a few of them (about 5-6 wedges of pickles, 2 olives, 2 caper berries), but they were good, while they lasted. :(  Also there was a small assortment of deli meats (salami, ham, prosciutto) which seemed like an odd pairing with the fried items, but they were a a nice tasty tid bit before our meal came.  We both having similar tastes, the gf and I ordered "The Rising Sun" burger.  To be honest, the server who brought our burgers out said this was the best burger in his opinion on the menu.  (I'll be the judge of that myself sir, lol).  Well this burger was seriously a masterpiece in of itself.  Kobe beef patty with a Teri Glaze, brought me back to Punahou carnival days (if your from hawaii and know what im talking about), and on top of that you get the little shredded yam crispies adding color and a little bit of sweetness to the burger, nori furikake inside, with a generous piece of fried avocado, again giving another element of texture and creaminess to your bite.  Then for the finale, the spicy mayo spread on the bun (like the kine you get with spicy tuna sushi), is like a ninja just hiding there as you gaze at all the other elements of the burger, waiting to make its presence known.  This my friend gives you that zing of heat (without being overpowering) that really brings all these flavors together, and for me this spicy mayo was the winnaz.  Quite honestly one (if not the) best burger i've had the honor to come across in my life.  You also get your choice of bun (white or wheat).  Both of which are quite tasty, as I got the white and the gf got the wheat, really can't go wrong with either.  They come with your choice of fries: shoestring or steak-cut.  I didn't want to copy the gf as I wanted the shoestring, so I convinced her to ask to upgrade to sweet potato fries.  They come in little mock fry-baskets which is a thumbs up for presentation.  For the taste of each of the fries, both were VERY good, would definitely recommend either in a heartbeat.  Also they give you a nice amount of fries which is always great!Price:  Ok so this is always the boohoo side of a vegas story, but honestly people it is vegas and yes $16-17 bucks for a designer burger is on the steep side for most people, but it is in my honest opinion worth it.Verdict:  Holsteins presents itself as a hip, modern burger/diner type joint in the heart of the new cosmopolitan hotel.  It's decor and atmosphere really mesh well with the feel of the hotel itself and the food it presents.  You really get what you pay for in my opinion, a great designer burger, one that you quite honestly could not find anywhere else.  In comparison, for $16-17 I would take it over BLT's Wagyu beef burger & Max Brenner's Kobe burger any day for the same price range.  It's definitely a place to check out if you're in the moooOOd for some good burgers!(They are known for their shakes too, but we didnt get to try them as the idea of a shake first thing in the morning after a long night clubbing didn't quite fit the agenda, if you know what I mean)
4	It's hard to resist a restaurant that offers spiked shakes and gourmet burgers.  My friend June had been to Holsteins on an earlier Vegas trip and come back raving that it was the one restaurant she'd hit that she wanted to revisit.  I can't tell you how many times I stared drooling at the menu before we went for dinner.Holsteins is in the new and beautiful Cosmopolitan Hotel, and it's right across from Marquee.  We went and got stamped for the Marquee before we checked in for dinner, and we ended up missing our reservation (held for fifteen minutes).  The staff was nice about it, though, and it turned out that seating, even for a party of seven, was not a problem.  Holsteins is a swanky place, with comfortable booths and a giant pink cow on display.  We had a waiter named Chaz, and he was friendly and on his game.The drinks were everything I wanted and more.  The spiked milkshakes were absolutely delicious.  The Frozen Grasshopper came with peppermint meringue, chocolate crunchies, creme de menthe, and Van Gogh Dutch chocolate vodka.  I can't imagine it was terribly boozy, but it was a fabulous milkshake, with full mint chocolate flavor and the perfect thickness.  The little meringue was delightful, and the crunchy chocolate bits added texture to every sip.  The Brown Cow was also fantastic, an adult root beer float made with root beer, vanilla ice cream, pop rocks, and Charbay Tahitian vanilla rum.  It had all the kid-pleasing taste of a great root beer, and I can't overstate the fun of pop rocks.  I also tried the Bloody Mary, without ice cream, but with Smirnoff infused with pepper and cilantro, combined with Bloody Mary mix and garnished with a toothpick bearing an olive and a cocktail shrimp.  I love a good Bloody Mary, and this was a good one.  It had a heavy spicy flavor but a thin clean texture, and I appreciate food in my drink when appropriate.Our table split three appetizers, and that felt like the right amount.  The fried pickles were easily my favorite, breaded and deep-fried dill spears, olives, and caper berries, served with small sides of prosciutto and salami and an herb-caper mayo for dipping.  These were magical.  The breading was flavorful, crispy, and light, and the pickles oozed their pickly flavor.  I would also recommend the bucket of buffalo wings, which came with a bleu cheese dip.  Nothing fancy, but delicious.  I was disappointed, though, by the truffle lobster mac' n cheese.  The creamy tallegio-mascarpone sauce was more creamy than it was cheesy, making the appetizer more like a macaroni salad.  The Maine lobster was barely there, and the black truffle didn't come through.The burgers were very good, though I suspect that the strength may lie in the toppings.  The classic - with just lettuce, tomato, onion, mayo, ketchup, and pickles - was the most boring of the bunch, and that doesn't hold true with a remarkable patty.  The patties were definitely tasty, though, with plenty of juice, and they held up well to some fun accompaniments.  My favorite was the Rising Sun.  With a Kobe beef patty, teriyaki glaze, nori furikake, crispy yam, spicy mayo, and tempura avocado, it was definitely a loaded gimmick of a fusion burger - but damn if I didn't gobble it down.  The teriyaki was sweet but not cloying, and the salt of the speckles of dried seaweed was great.  The crispy yam gave a welcome crunch, and that strip of avocado tempura was creamy and beautiful.  The Gold Standard was also good, a dry-aged beef sirloin burger topped with smoked bacon, aged goat cheddar, tomato confit, baby arugula, and garlic-chive aioli.  It was less of a stand-out, though, and the tomato confit did not bring on the umami parade I'd hoped for.  If you like lamb burgers, the Big Fat Greek is a good choice.  With Greek spiced lamb, feta cream, lettuce, tomato, tzatziki sauce, and red onion and olive relish, it's a little like a Greek menu threw up on a burger.  The result, though, is hearty and pretty well done.The burgers all come with a side of fries, and you have a choice of shoestring, sweet potato, and steak cut.  I prefer my thin fries, and the shoestring and sweet potato were both superb.  Holsteins knows its way around a potato - even the steak cut fries were well seasoned and not at all mushy.When we left for Marquee we were all stuffed to the brim.  The meal was not cheap - burgers started at $13 and shakes were $11 - but it was a satisfying feast that hardly qualified as a splurge in Vegas.  I've had better burgers, but I was impressed by the Rising Sun, and I doubt I've had better milkshakes.  If you're in Vegas hankering for a fattening meal, check Holsteins out.
4	I completely happened upon this spot by chance. I had been wandering around in some labyrinthine mall full of ritzy stores I couldn't imagine shopping in, when I saw the sign for Holstein's Shakes and Buns? Sounds like a winning combo to me. They weren't very crowded in the middle of the afternoon, so my gf and I got a seat real quick. I had a good buzz going, so we opted for something off the Tiny Buns section of the menu. I went with the Crispy Pork Belly Bun, my gf had the Meat Ball Grinder. We also got an order or shoestring fries. I contemplated getting an alcoholic milkshake, but I figured it would be a waste since the food & shake itself would likely counteract the effects of the alcohol, and I also assume the amount of booze in each shake is equivalent to one conservative shot. The Meat Ball Grinder was good, but I also have yet to find a meatball anywhere on Earth as good as my Dad's, so I'm going to be biased eternally. The Pork Belly, however, was so goddamn good. The key was the Asian steamed bum it was served in. It's like someone sliced a little circle of fluffy goodness of the Stay Puft Marshmallow Man and used it to bundle up my delicious pork product. I've never eaten anything like it before. The fries were boring, although shoestring has never been my favorite. They're pretty typical for a place that seems to thrive on atypical offerings. I'm definitely coming back here with a bigger appetite to try some of their full-serve offerings, and maybe one of those gourmet booze-infused milkshakes. They aren't too expensive, and the food is killer.
4	Had a quick lunch here and it was good. The cosmo is really hip and this place follows that vibe. I almost  didn't feel cool enough to be there. Anyway, i had a s'mores shake (awesome!), and gold standard burger. It was a great burger BUT the 17.50 price tag is alittle much. For that price I expected more I guess. There are other things on the menu that sounded really good, so I'd probably go back. I'll just be prepared to spend $35 on lunch.
5	It's almost hard to believe that Holstein's is run by the same people responsible for LBS at the Red Rock. I guess if I had to make an analogy, this place is like Michael Jackson (in terms of talent, not behavior or affinity for boys) whereas LBS is LaToya (or maybe even Janet) and the LBS Patty Wagon is Tito.What that means, is this place rocks. The menu is more diverse and creative than it's sibling establishments with it's spiked milkshakes, apps, burgers, alternative dishes for non-burger folks, and an extensive beer list.The Rising Sun ($16.50) is an amazing burger made out of a sizable kobe beef patty, teriyaki glaze, nori furikake (yeah, I had to look up furikake to know what it was... I'm not ashamed to admit it), crispy yam, spicy mayo and tempura avocado. The ingredients gave it a rich, sweet, unique flavor and the crispy yam bits a crunchy texture. If I have any complaint about this burger it's the height of it. The thick patty and huge slices of avocado make it difficult to get the whole thing in your mouth (didn't Macauley Culkin say the same thing to MJ?).My wife got the Gold Standard ($17.50) - dry aged beef sirloin with smoked bacon, aged goat cheddar cheese, tomato confit, baby arugula and garlic-chive aioli. She loved it and only let me have one bite. If you want a more traditional burger, go for this. But, I still thought the Rising Sun was better.Each burger came with an order of fries. So She got the regular fries and I got he steak cut fries. Both were very good -- crispy exterior, light and soft interior.Our son got the kid's chicken fingers and fries. That's always a winner with him. It came with 3 big tenders and some carrots and celery.Even after those big burgers we still had room for dessert. Our choice... lollipops. The chocolate brownie and strawberry were excellent. The lemon meringue and red velvet cake were largely forgettable and uninspired and the blondie was bland and didn't come close to reminding me of a blondie brownie.Despite the lackluster dessert, the burgers were so good I can overlook that misstep. We didn't have any issues with the service, especially the kitchen, which sent out the food surprisingly fast. I'm not sure if I'd say this is my favorite burger place, but it's definitely one of the top and one that shouldn't be missed.
4	I had 2 1/2 meals here (the "1/2" was a quick appetizer I grabbed) while staying at the Cosmopolitan this past weekend, and it's definitely a solid spot. I came here twice for lunch and both meals were yummy! First time I had some sort of "Korean quesadilla." Honestly, this was probably my least favorite thing I had here. It wasn't bad, but there was a couple different types of sauce on it, and I thought they kind of overpowered things. I was the only one who didn't get a burger during this meal, but I nibbled on some fries of those who did (sweet potato and steak fries) & they were yummy! For the second lunch I had to try a spiked shake & it was DELICIOUS! I had the one that was supposed to taste like "cereal" and it did! I don't know if this is true or not, but I was informed by our waitress that this is one of only two places in the US (maybe the world?) that serves this shake. I also bad some delicious buffalo wings (just the right amount of sauce w/the right amount of kick) & some Polish sausage sliders (the red peppers were a nice touch).  Everything was great! For my "half" meal I had the "hummus guacamole." This isn't what I was expecting (it was chunkier than I thought), but still tasted good. It came w/a lot of pita chips. The service here was excellent on each occasion. Holsteins is located on the 2nd floor of the Cosmopolitan (while most of the other restaurants are located on the 3rd floor) and is a little more casual, and therefore it bit cheaper than other restaurants. Even though this is pretty standard in Vegas another nice thing about this restaurant is you can get to-go cups for alcohol. One night while wondering around the hotel I just popped in at the bar and got a "Dragon" cocktail in a to-go cup. This drink is one of the many at Holsteins that is made w/Vitamin water. It's yummy...and um...healthy?
2	Holsteins is not the best burger in town. It was just "meh". My burger was overcooked. I asked for a medium burger and got a well done burger. Not completely dry but pretty close. And of course it has Vegas Strip prices.
5	Stopped in twice on a recent 6 day Vegas stay.  I was staying at Aria, so the short walk to The Cosmo was well worth it after happening upon this gem.  The first drop-in was for drinks and game 5, Mavs v. Heat.  The bar area was crowded and had a festive vibe.  Bartenders were attentive and gave generous pours.  Prices are in line w/ other joints on the Strip.  Second visit was for lunch with the wife.  Our server stole the show.  As a local, he gave us a few tips and can't miss, under-the-radar places we might enjoy.  After perusing the beer menu and failing to make a selection, the server brought out a hard to find NE microbrew I'd never heard of.  It was a great recommendation.  The burger was above average, but not the best I've eaten, but would order again.  I shall definitely return for the beer
4	If you are a big fan of duck and foie gras, as I am, you will love, love, LOVE the Duck, Duck, Goose Burger. Also, their "Bam Boozled" (technically alcoholic, but there is so little alcohol that it's almost unfair to say they contain alcohol) Pina Colada Shake may be the best milkshake I've ever had anywhere. I do have issue with the hefty $11 price tag though (I'm assuming the "alcohol" contained within technically makes it a cocktail, thus the rational for the extraordinary cost - I really wish there was a $6 non-alcoholic version). Nevertheless, Holsteins definitely has the most interesting burgers in Las Vegas and definitely worth the try if you're big on non-traditional burgers.
5	Best Burger yet!!  Oh and I had a very tasty strawberry milkshake.  Food here hits the spot!
4	Great burger and steak fries. Reasonable prices by Vegas standards. Would definitely recommend. I'm just sorry I wasn't up to trying one of their alcoholic milkshakes!
4	Good food. Prices are ok. We had Kobe Burgers there. Were yummy. Lots of beers to choose from. Waitress was very nice. We were there on 12/21. They had 10 free tables and send Us to wait for 30 min. Thats sad. Shakes were good. Dessert Sampler was ok Not really a Must have for 14$Would go there once again but i would nt wait 30 min for a Table Next time
4	The first time we tried to go the wait was too long, so it is a popular place. The second time was a less busy day and time so we got a table. The alcohol milkshakes were a fun treat for a weekend in vegas with many different selections like dark chocolate and cookies and cream. I also tried one of the mini-burgers but it was small and maybe difficult to make a patty that size very juicy, so I would go with the full sized burger next time. Most of the food on the menu was burgers and fries so go if that is what you are in the mood for and you want a lot of options in that category. The prices are steep, about $15 burgers and $10 alcoholic milkshakes, but that is nothing on the strip, and the location, decor, atmosphere, and service are great.
3	So I had rad about this place on yelp and after reading the reviews I decided I would try it out. The food was good for the most part it was a party of seven and everyone had something different. The burgers where all just ok nothing special but I can say u do get a good size portion for what you pay for. Ordered some appz. And they where ok the best out of the where the steak and cheese spring rolls will be going back for some more of those. Next the chicken and waffles where bland at best and only came with one mini waffle. All the milk shakes where beeter than advertised although I didn't ft a chance to have one of my own all in all the place was jus ok nothing spectacular but I would go again for desserts and milk shakes. Food is hit or miss depending on what u order. Oh also turkey burger was on point for sure
3	No complaints about the food or service. I can think of a few places in Vegas that make a better burger for a better price.
4	Believe the hype...this place is real. We ate here on a Saturday night and the food and atmosphere is awsome.  Quick Tip: make reservations or you'll be waiting for a while and do not ask for "duck-fat fries" because they don't serve it anymoreThis place is situated inside the Comopolitan at City Center, it sits right across from the Chandelier room (?) and from Tao. The atmosphere is very modern, hip, trendy.  The server we had was awsome. She was very attentive to a larger group (we had 12 peeps) and patient with us.On to the food: I had the fried pickles appetizer,  "Rising sun" burger with shoestring fries and "Midas touch" beer. The fried pickles were good, they bread and deep fried a regular size pickle that is sliced lengh-wise with the bomb ass dipping sauce (forgot what it was called). Burger = I had mine done medium, and it came out perfectly with T-L-O (tomato-lettuce-onions) you really can't describe in words how good this gourmet hamburger was other than to say, its on my list of top 3 hamburgers I've eaten. I really wanted to limit what other ingredients that made up the hamburger itself.  I wanted to taste the Kobe beef, and yes, please believe, all thats been said about Kobe beef.  The house made bread, I think, was the perfect ingredient to the hamburger, it was fresh, not too "doughy". The shoestring fries was "eehh" only thing that saved the fries was the dipping sauce I had leftover from the appetizer. It was more of an afterthought.Beer = I could have gotten another one of these, Its made by Dogfish and it was really good. It really complimented my meal. Next time I'm in Sin City, I will make it a point to make another stop here
3	I had a friend in town from Reno and really wanted to take him out to somewhere "Vegas-y" for dinner. I immediately thought that going to any of the places in the Cosmopolitan would be a winner as I really like the casino.So, we arrived here on a Sunday night and sat at the bar. After the bartender scrutinized my very real Nevada driver's license for far too long, making me feel quite uncomfortable, we ordered two iced teas. I get the need to make sure you're serving people who are 21, and yes, I do realize I look young, but her examination of my DL made me feel awkward, especially considering we were at a hamburger joint... it's not like we were sitting down at the Chandelier Bar. I didn't feel like drinking at all because I just wanted to eat something tasty. I thought about getting one of the spiked milkshakes, but then after looking at the menu realized if I got a milkshake and a burger, my bill alone would be OVER $20. Ugh. Maybe I'm just a cheap-ass, I don't know, but these places in Vegas with their ridiculous prices for things like hamburgers and milkshakes are just irritating to me.ANYWAY - I had the Hen House. I thought it was good. The burger is good quality. My friend had the New Dehli Chicken. He said it was good. But honestly we weren't raving over them or anything. I really expected to be awed or something and I really wasn't.I think there are better places for the "better burger"/expensive burger in Las Vegas. Burger Bar is one of them. I guess I'm just not impressed with their overly-creative burgers that come out on a plate looking minuscule and not worth how much you're paying for them. Maybe I'm just over this fad in Vegas where everything has to be totally different and weird. Maybe I just want a burger and fries and that's it. Maybe I'm just never going to be the person who thinks it is okay to charge $17 for a burger (no matter what is on it or what kind of beef it is made with).Overall, I would go back if someone wanted to go there. I wouldn't vote against the place, but if I had the choice - I don't think I'd think about coming here because I absolutely loved the place and the food.
4	I came here specifically to try the duck fat fries but unfortunately it is no longer on the menu. Didn't get to try the spiked milkshakes but the four of us came in so hungry, we each ordered a burger. Rising Sun (fried avocado tempura, fried yam, 8 oz. kobe beef, and teriyaki sauce) YUM. Also tried the Bulgogi Burger (not Bulgogi at all, just same beef patty, kimchee, and a fried egg with runny yolk)It was very tasty and came with either shoestring or steak cut fries, but I sorta wished the fried yam in my Rising Sun was one thick slice that was tempura fried as well instead of shredded (they looked like carrot shreds).Truffle Popcorn was tasty since we were so hungry but there wasn't much truffle taste to it. Still yum though!
5	UPDATE: Dined here again and decided to be brave and order something different.  Tried the lobster mac n cheese.  Was definitely NOT worth the $16.50 or however much they charged.  Tasted like imitation crab meat in cold mac n cheese that was microwaved.Why the five stars still? Because I'm not stupid and also ordered the Kobe Beef burger (rising sun I think?).  Still hands down the best burger I've ever eaten.  If I could give 8 stars I would, but Yelp only lets me give 5, and the lobster mac was negative 3 stars, so you do the math!
3	Been here twice now and I'm with everyone else, the Rising Sun burger is the reason to come. The shoestring fries were crisp and salty and the truffle popcorn hit the spot when hungover, but the lobster mac & cheese totally under-delivered. I've tasted several of the burgers between my visits and friends' orders and the Rising Sun rocked 'em. It's expensive, but a good go-to place when you don't know what you want.We also came here after hours one night and rocked out to an entertaining spin from a live DJ while people-watching all the ridic in line for the Marquee.Oh, and you might as well sign up for an Identity card while you're at the Cosmopolitan. You get serious credits for eating at their restaurants and
3	I've been dying to try this place since the Cosmopolitan opened and I really wanted to love it.  But it was just okay.The prices were a little crazy.  I know it's the strip, but $11 for a dogfish head beer??  $11 for a drunken milkshake is one thing but the beer situation is crazy.  Speaking of drunken milkshakes, I tried the drunken monkey milkshake.  It's basically a huge milkshake with banana, reese's cups and Frangelico.  Was sooo good!  What was not so good is the massive gut ache I got shortly after eating it but that could be on me.The fried pickles I ordered as an appetizer were pretty good and I have high standards being from the place which claims to have invented the frickled pickle.  The lobster roll I ordered, in addition to being kind of bland and all mayo, consisted of two teeny buns and were definitely not worth the $18 price tag.  For $55 before tip, I can think of many other places I would rather go.  I have seen reference to some popcorn in other reviews but I didn't see this while there.  Overall, very underwhelming, but I still may give it another try.
4	Good food fun atmosphere. Would have liked to have gotten around to trying more food, especially dessert. The meatball sliders were delicious
4	Wow!! Best burger I ever had. I ordered the hen house burger which had a beef patty (it was like homemade), bacon, an a fried egg. Hamburgers are one of my favorite foods and this definitely has been on of my top faves!!!  I will definitely come back here on one of my next trips to Vegas! I also ordered a pitcher of the white sangria which was pretty good.  The shake menu looked amazing but I was way too full to order one, so since I'm staying at the cosmopolitan, I may come back to try those out!! :). I didn't give it a five bc the server was just ok. She was nice but not very attentive.
5	Overall, I think, although slightly pricey, what you get at at Holstein's felt worth it. If you price your foods higher than average, I will expect higher than average food and service. I believe Holstein's delivered. The burgers and shakes were delicious and the service was excellent.Completely open to the pedestrian way, so it is a bit noisy, but it's a comfortable restaurant to dine in. Our server was very prompt, gracious and attentive. I really appreciated their attention to detail. Within moments of sitting down we were served the trademark mini-bucket of tasty popcorn and glasses of water without asking. They've clearly put thought into what a good customer experience should be in their restaurant. You've got a customer, immediately give them something to eat and drink. Makes sense to me!The menu is well-presented and easy to understand. Burgers and shakes and some other stuff. Everything on the menu sounded great. We opted for a Captain Hook (salmon burger) and a Rising Sun (teriyaki burger). Both, due to their combination of flavors and textures, transcended the normal definition of "burger". They were DELICIOUS.On leaving we ordered a Cereal Bowl and a Drunken Monkey. These were a couple of the most delicious and unique milkshakes we've ever had. You'll just have to go a try one for yourself. A very tasty treat.I think that, although I can't afford to eat here as often as I'd like, this burger joint is my favorite in LV.
5	The first time I came here was with a bachelor party. We were sitting in the lounge area by the bar doing some drinking, and unbeknownst to us, the waitresses here are scantily clad, sporting massive jugs. I'll get to the food in a second.So we're sitting down and the waitress is right behind my friend Zach. She says, "Would you guys like any drinks?" Zach swiveled around to answer and accidentally got a face full of 36 F's. Like, an unintentional motorboat. Great life moment. Also, the little hostess with the tongue ring is highly attractive in that librarian kind of way, and you know she also owns thigh high boots... na'mean? I'd shake those buns. I'd let her hold my stein. With my eyes open and the lights on. Mmmmhmmm darlin'.The shakes. The shakes are insanity in a glass. I ordered a Compost shake and immediately wanted to vomit. I mean that in the best way possible. Think of like - an excitement induced vomit. Like when you get married or something. Actually, that's probably not the best analogy. What I'm trying to say is the shakes are incredibly rich and tasty, and I would recommend the Compost shake to anyone who was punishing themselves with tastiness.The burgers. The burger I ate was so delicious, there are no words to describe it. The best way to describe it would be to make a series of guttural noises and then pass out face down into a pile of puppies. I hadn't had anything like the kobe burger in a long time, and it's just what I wanted. My pants also wanted it, because I came home with the bad kind of stained pants. Messy burger.Two other things that stood out for me were the awesome art adorning the walls, and my waiter's enormous handlebar mustache. Good on you, mate!
5	The lemon meringue shake is quite possibly the most indulgent and amazing drink I have ever had the privilege of ingesting. If these things weren't so calorie rich, I would possibly live on them. In one word: awesome.
2	Went here to grab a quick dinner before heading back to the room. I wasn't that hungry so I decided to order their sliders. MISTAKE. I know they are sliders but I was expecting them a tad bigger and maybe like 3-4 of them instead of two plain bite size burgers and four potato chips? I ended up spending $20 for it with a soda, tax, and tip. I hate spending money on food and leaving unsatisfied!  The people I went with said their regular burgers (I think they ordered the kobe beef) were the best burgers they ever had so I will definitely come back here again to try one of their regular sized ones. Either that or the salmon burger looked real good too. I want to like this place so maybe next time I try it I will.
2	First off, best burger I've had in a long time. Yes I agree with the other reviews. The burger is great. However, expensive. We also ordered the lobster mac&  cheese which when brought to the table made us laugh because the serving was so tiny. I ordered a "specialty" cocktial, I don't remember the name but it was made with ginger ale. And all 5 sips were tasty. Just wish I had more sips for the price. I would have given this restaurant only 1 star but since the burger was so good I'll give it a solid two.Psst...if you want a good burger and better choices. I recommend the SkyBox Sports Grill & lounge located in Aria. For the same price they have a much larger portion. The burger is just as good and they have the BEST Philly Cheesesteak I've ever had!
4	Really good burger!!! I had a burger with beef brisket, cheddar, pickles and Cole slaw. Although I opted out the Cole slaw, I totally enjoyed the burger! The fries were great and I had a white sangria that was very refreshing!
5	One of the best burgers I have every had. Nothing to complain about from service, price or food, everything was wonderful.
5	I can't say enough good things about Holsteins.  It was so good, my buddy and I ate here twice during a recent Vegas trip.  Here goes:It's located inside the Cosmopolitan.  From the casino floor, take one of the elevators to the second level, and you can't miss it.  Like the rest of the Cosmo, it has an upscale feel and look to it.  Apparently, some nights they have a DJ, and some they don't.  We experienced both.  It was great both ways.  Having the DJ added an interesting, fun twist to our second meal, but it was never so loud you could not easily converse with your dining companions.  The staff here are very well trained, friendly, and professional.  Even when we were dressed a bit down for the Cosmo, we were treated warmly by everyone we dealt with.  The service was terrific.  The food is really, really good.  I would put it on even footing with if not superior footing to BLT in the Mirage, which is a high compliment.  The lamb burger I had both times I ate at Holsteins this trip was probably the best lamb burger I've had, and I've eaten my share of them at various places.  The beer selection is huge.  By huge, I mean well over 100 different beers.  I like to try new beers, and our waiter did a nice job of helping us choose beers that pair well with our food.  If you want a nice, upscale casual meal, and if you like hamburgers, you can't go wrong with Holsteins.   I'll be back for sure the next time I'm in Vegas.
5	Awesome burgers and sides. Shakes were fine, but save the belly room for the burgers. We had the Gold Standard and the Rising Sun. Both were incredible, perfectly cooked, and had an very cool mix of burger additions, such as tempura avocado. Great spot for lunch and a 5 minute wait!! Highly recommended.
4	Overpriced?  Definitely.  Delicious? Indeed.  I had the salmon burger and it was the best thing that I ate all weekend.
3	My husband was a fan of his salmon burger but I felt like the burger I had didn't have alot of flavor- the bun was just too much and the fries were cold. We found the philly cheese spring rolls were very doughy. Loved the breakfast cereal shake - glad its in Vegas or I would be tempted more often here. We went for a late lunch and it took a few moments to get waited on which is not a big deal but I'm not a fan of not being acknowledged - I know its not your table but you could say hi and tell us you would get our waitress. I wouldn't go back - there's lots of great places to eat in Vegas - so I'd move on and try another one.
5	Thank you Megan!   To the management at Holsteins, your bartender Megan rocks! Went here pre-dinner (see horrible time at China P) drinks and loved the feel.  Have yet to try the food but I love the atmosphere is the bomb. After our horrible dinner we ended up coming back here to at least end our night on a good note.   Megan made our party a couple awesome drinks and told us a good story to put a smile on all our faces.   I can't wait to head back to Vegas and have dinner here.   I know it will be great!
4	A trendy casual restaurant with hearty, quality burgers with a twist, located across from Marquee in the Cosmo, Vegas. It's an experience in itself and a good spot for everyone - groups of girls, guys, families, singles, etc.CALIFORNIA TURKEY with steakcut fries ($14.50) - Highly Recommend!This burger is absolutely delicious, nourishing (not greasy) and unique. The alfalfa sprouts especially added some magical delicious flair that just made it to die for! I'm totally craving one right now and would order it again in a heartbeat! Portions are big, so a g/f and I shared this and we were both full. Although our service was really lacking, I totally recommend this place!
4	**THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE "NAUGHTY SHAKES" ONLY**Shake+Alcohol=Happy Jon. After eating dinner at China Poblano I waddled in here to try a drunk shake with my family. I tried the Bubble Gum Watermelon shake simply because of how ridiculous it sounded. At $11 for a lot of alcohol I was happily buzzed by the time I left. With an impressive selection of drinks and some crazy combos I will certainly be back to try more!
3	biggest ripoff in Vegas.  How did I pay $50 for two burgers and a milkshake?  oh yea, and fries....this is stupid. Let me admit few things though:  1) best $11 milkshake ever (cereal milk shake...it's too good to be true)2) great fries and the quality of the meat3) friendly staffs I tried both the rising sun and the bulgogi burger.  I hated the buns (way too thick and starchy).   Great but nothing special to offer great reviews.  They don't carry the duck fat fries anymore and their famous "rising sun" burger should be named the "setting sun."
5	I love a good burger...and Holsteins is great!  So good in fact, I returned the following day for seconds. The first night I had the Rising Sun Burger and it was FANTASTIC!  The next night was the burger with the egg on it (don't recall the name). OMG they were good!  The rising sun was a bit better, but both were delicious.  Plus throw in an adult shake or two and you've got yourself a good thing.  Reminder: this is basically a burger joint, so it that's what you're looking and you're willing to spend a bit (it's not cheap), you'll love it.  Would absolutely go back.Service: 4Food: 5Cleanliness: 4
4	Holsteins is a little pricey for what you get, but the Shakes and Burgers are really good.  I ate here with my family for a birthday celebration, and was impressed with the food that we got.  The menu is setup interestingly and can be a little confusing at first.  We got some pretty good flavored popcorn as a little appetizer.The kids menu is simple and decent as my son had two mini burgers with fries.  The burgers were good and the fries are well prepared.  I would like a softer bun on the mini burgers though.  Fried green tomatoes are OK and not worth the price in my opinion (worst thing we ordered).  My wife had the "Gold Standard" burger with sweet potato fries as no duck fat fries were offered.  The aged beef was really good and the burger had great flavor overall (4 stars).  I actually like the buns they use for the burgers as they are somewhat soft and taste good.  She also had the "Power Shake" which was amazing as it was a good mix between shake and drinking yogurt (5 stars).  I ordered the Rising Sun burger with onion rings and a Brown Cow (Root beer float with pop rocks).  The burger was great but overcooked as I wanted medium and got medium well (4.5 stars).  Onion rings were a disappointment as I expected better (3 stars).  If you want a good dipping sauce ask for the spicy mayo used in the Rising Sun burger and add a little Ketchup to it for a good sauce for your fries and onion rings.  The Brown Cow was really good as they use a good root beer and ice cream for it (4 stars).  You get a lot of shake which is nice and the pop rocks are kind of fun addition to the drink.  Holsteins has decent service great shakes and some great hamburgers.  If the price and some of the items were better I would give this place five stars, but with some OK items and a somewhat hefty price I give them four stars.  Great food and worth eating here once while in Vegas if not more often depending on what you like to eat.  I want to try some of the other burgers and shakes though.
5	Came to Cosmo for Marquee, then got hungry, and then there it was.... Holsteins Shakes and Buns right in front of Marquee... we were so hungry so We didnt even bother looking anywhere. At 1st impression i thought this place was going to be pricey with bad food. Then we got seated immediately, and got Menus. The prices are reasonable for a restaurant in the strip inside a brand new hotel right across a popular club. Now I ordered "Hen House" Which was a burger with a beef patty, bacon and egg, served with some veggies. I thought it was just going to be another burger, but when i took the 1st bite it was so juicy and all the flavors of the 3 kinds of beef, bacon, and egg just mixed in together so perfectly. I had it cooked at medium and it was perfect. The service was good and always attended to our needs. The skinny fries was also just perfect, just enough crunchyness and wasnt that oily.Perfect for Pre or Post Marquee Clubbin food.
5	Don't insult this place by using the term "hipster"Hipsters wouldn't like this place... it isn't ironic enough.  It is, however, very "hip" (although I'd prefer to just say cool).Holsteins has the best burgers on the strip.  BLT burger use to hold that crown, but it's slightly declined and Holsteins has stepped up and taken the mantle.  Great burgers, cute AND friendly servers, and awesome spiked milkshakes.  I've been here a handful of times and have yet to experience bad food or service.If I had to decide on my last meal, a steakhouse burger with skinny fries and a drunken monkey might be perfect.  Holsteins is now a staple when I come to Vegas.
5	I came here because we couldn't get into the Marquee nightclub nearby and needed a place to get some food and a drink. The night we went, they had a DJ going and there was quite a party in there. It was pretty loud, I couldn't really converse with the people in my party. I honestly enjoyed people watching because the line up for the Marquee nightclub is right in front of this restaurant. The food was quite good although we could only order from the appetizer menu because it was around 1am. I do remember this place being quite pricey though. This is Vegas, what place isn't pricey right?
4	Best burgers in Las Vegas! I was never a fan of the idea of paying a lot of money for something I can get at In-N-Out for 5$. However, these burgers are truly different and absolutely delicious. Appetizers are great too. Shakes are delicious. One little problem with the place is rude hosts. Every time I come I am surprised by just how rude they are- really talk down to people. Aside from that 2 minute expericence, this place is truly worth trying.
4	Frozen Grasshopper, my first shake EVER.  The presentation of it caught my eye first.  As a waiter who walked by had it on a tray, I just had to ask what it was called.  After contemplating, I order the grasshopper and enjoyed until it got to that melted consistency - then I just gave it to my b/f to finish.  For food, I was having a difficult time deciding (once again), but got the Gold Standard Burger w/ steak cut fries.  A pretty juicy burger that had good flavor.  I was so full when I left! ... full, but satisfied.
3	A hip moderate American eatery. We decided to eat here because the kids started to get really hungry from walking the strip all afternoon. Iordered the Strawberry Milkshake and Chicken Fingers & Waffle--and that is what I definitely got. Four chicken fingers and a waffle! haha it was an appetizer but damn i thought i would get at least two waffles! Don't get me wrong the food was delicious but it is a bit pricey! The kids enjoyed their food and at the moment that's what really counted!
4	Dropped in here one evening as my brother, gf and I were casino hopping and had dinner..WOW..I have had some yummy burgers but I did not expect to be blown away like this..absofrigginlutely amazing.We ordered some rings and fries to share and the portions were just right, they even brough us a small bucket of popcorn to munch on, a very nice twist..But, even better was the service..Nice, fast, professional, funny..
3	Wanted to come somewhere fast (and less expensive) after spending time at the pool so we came here.Made a reservation ahead of time and our party of 3 was seated promptly when we arrived. Then our chipper waitress Noel came around and greeted us, brought us our drinks and koozies and was off again. Next time she returned, we ordered an appetizer, the fried green tomatoes, to start. The tomatoes were much different than the ones I've had before. Not sure if they were a different kind, heirloom or not, makes a big difference. The honey mustard and asian sauce on top was no good and the lobster bites on the side were good but lacking true lobster flavor.Then came our burgers, 2 basics and a california turkey. The buns were rather tough and the fries could have easily come from a  generic supermarket frozen food aisle bag but the burgers were pretty good.The reason this review got 3 stars is the fact that our waitress was accommodating, respectful and really great.
5	I got a hen burger here and strawberry cheesecake shake.  Best shake ever. The burger was similar to red robin and red robin is def cheaper
5	Food had amazing flavor, best quesadilla's I've had and the shakes are great too! Service was quick and friendly!
4	Hubby & I decided to try this place after a movie last night... and the major failing was a lack of wheelchairs to take us out of there after we totally stuffed ourselves.Hubby got a loaded shake, the Drunken Monkey... it was supposed to be a banana/peanut butter/chocolate shake but no banana flavoring was detected.  He said it was still excellent, just not what he thought he was ordering.Appetizers... we got the fried pickles, which were very good... and the fried green tomatoes, which were extremely excellent.I got the mini-buns with the asian pork belly, which I loved, and a side order of fries (ridiculous quantity, but good).  Hubby got the Korean Bull-gogi burger, and it was fantastic.One of the rare places where a medium burger is actually cooked to medium instead of well done.Ingredients were fresh, food was excellent.. they even make their own mayonnaise & ketchup (Udder sauce) in house.We will definitely be returning to sample more items.. oh, and they gave us a 15% off locals discount, which we hadn't expected.. very nice!
5	Here on a business trip, just wanted a quick dinner.  Went at around 6:00 and seated immediately at the bar.  Bartender great, efficient and friendly.   Made a couple of suggestions...took Rising Sun.  Great burger, cooked exactly as ordered.  Drink never got below half full.  All in all, great quick service and great food...all for under $25.00 (with a ~ 25% tip).  Will definitely be back.  Very pleased with experience.
5	Chef John sucks at everything. Luckily for him Anna is a great bartender and is super hot.
3	A hip eatery in a very chic and sophisticated hotel. The decor was modern and well done. The service was good. The "Classic" burger was "ok", not bad but not great and I found the bun slightly on the tough side. The Holsteins Chopped salad was quite good as was the fries although the portion was quite small. I enjoyed the home made ketchup.Exc - NoneGood - DecorAve - FoodPoor - NoneWOULD I GO BACK? No, there would be no reason to do that.
3	We needed a convenient, relatively cheap place to eat and this was right in the Cosmopolitan Hotel (across from Marquee).  There is no way this place could go out of business in this location.  They serve gourmet burgers and spiked milkshakes.  Is there anything you can't get drunk on in Vegas?  The burgers are pretty damn good, but it was really only a better version of Red Robin, with an upgraded (better looking) wait staff.  The essential complement to burgers - the fries - were a disappointment.  They seemed overcooked.Service was extremely slow, even though there were plenty of empty tables, but our waitress kept us updated.  I had nearly finished my shake by then.  3 stars for now.  This place has potential, but I doubt anyone cares all that much as you can't miss with burgers, fries, and shakes.
3	Located inside the Cosmo hotel & casino...They gave us free popcorn to start.No wait for a Saturday night.Got our food within 10 minutes.Burgers were nothing spectacular and were expensive at around $15.I suggest the steak fries which are more like potato wedges, and taste great dipped in ranch.
3	Want to like it... Beer list is great... Burgers are dry as f*ck...  Someone in charge needs to try them..
3	Holsteins is a place that we went to on a whim. All I knew was that I REALLY wanted a burger so I couldn't think of better place to go than a place that specializes in burgers. The best part about this being a whim is that I went in having no expectations beforehand which is always great when experiencing something for the first time. At first impressions, the restaurant is nothing particularly special. In fact, I found the images of the animals labeled by their "food parts" a bit disturbing. The service was average. Nothing to write home about. I ordered the fries and burger, nothing outrageous. As I mentioned previously, I just wanted a burger. They started off by giving out a little bucket of popcorn. I LOVED that popcorn and I'm not a popcorn eater. It had an odd taste to it, but odd in a good way. Also, it was BUTTERY and I love popcorn that has a lot of butter. That's the problem with popcorn now-a-days...they don't put enough butter on it. Shortly after that, the burger and fries came out. Someone else mentioned how the fries taste like the fries one can buy in a bag at the supermarket and that is true. However, they taste like the good, expensive bag of fries that one can buy at the supermarket so I wasn't complaining. The burger was not bad. It was just okay. I've had better burgers.Something cool though: apparently, the guy who played the brother on Seinfeld was sitting at the table next to mine.  It wasn't a big deal to me since I don't watch the show, but my mother, who I was with at the time, was starstruck.
2	This review (and rating) is only for the LATE NIGHT menu.My bf and I arrived late at night and sadly they didn't offer their normal menu. We had to order from the "late night menu" which does NOT have a lot of their popular items. They don't even have their spiked milkshakes on the late night menu which was what I wanted to try the most after hearing so many good things about it. :( Booo. My bf and I reluctantly ordered the tiny burgers which are really really tiny! Tinier than your average sliders. The meat was super dry too. I really do not recommend them. Their homemade potato chips that came on the side were tasty though. But overall, NOT worth the money!There was a DJ inside near the entrance which was pretty odd/interesting... since nobody dances in there and it's not even really a lounge.. and it's right across from Marquee where you can go dance to a DJ if you wanted to. All in all, do NOT come here late at night. Come during their regular hours so you can get the goods!
3	So a few girlfriends and I came here after a few hours at Marquee's Day Club pool party on 4th of July weekend. Our hunger was ridiculous since we were being smart and didnt eat breakfast prior to going to the pool. Our main motivation to go was because it was close, and because after a night of bottle service, we were all craving GREASY food (i.e., burgers and fries). Upon being seated - we were given a bucket of popcorn with truffle salt on it "compliments of the chef". OH PUH-LEATHE!!! everyone gets em... it's like bread at other restaurants, only here its truffle popcorn. hahah. however, never having had "truffle" anything before - it was good. but i was also HELLA HUNGRY. so you coulda given me stale popcorn and i would probably still enjoyed it.Two of us werent feeling adventurous and just ordered the regular burger and shoestring fries. I ordered provolone cheese on my burger, she ordered cheddar - but when the burgers came out, BOTH had a white cheese on em. I'm pretty sure BOTH were provolone, bc last i checked, cheddar cheese is orange and nowhere on the menu did it state "white cheddar". anyways, whatever, she let it go cuz we were starving. I have to say, though, the meat was really good and you can tell it was "real meat" - i mean it was ground beef, but still chunky... if that makes sense. anyways. the burgers are pretty big - served as 2 meals for me (i saved half for dinner) and i love super skinny crunchy shoestring fries. Overall - the burger was a burger nonetheless, and maybe it's my fault for not being adventurous and getting one of those special burgers, but i was too hungry to risk ordering something i wouldnt like. Nothing really to write home about other than the meat was of better quality than other burgers i've had. it's really hard to mess up a burger.Another item my party ordered was the lobster mac and cheese. I only had a few bites but it was DELISH. however, for the price of the dish, i would have expected a slightly larger serving than what they gave. As for service - it could have been better. the girl only came by 4 times. once to take drink orders, once for our real order, once to check up on us, and once to give us our check. mind you, checking up on us once may be okay for some, but i hate "hunting" waiters/waitresses down for refills. im a person who largely bases tips on refills because not having to ask for a refill to get one means that the waiter is being attentive and paying attention to you and your party. but maybe thats just me...
1	For the price it is not worth it! The turkey burger was like a hockey puck! And the fries were average, 14$ for a drink and 17.5 dollar for an "aged" burger that was okay but not worth 17.5 dollars! Stick with one of the other wonderful restaurants in the cosmopolitan Comme' Ca was awesome or China Poblano right next door was delish!
4	Perfect place for a late night burger.Positives:+Popcorn starter for all+Oh so juicy Big Bun The Classic with Cheddar+Thin crispy shoestring fries+Washing the grease down with malt yummy Drunken Monkey Bam-boozled shake+DJs ambiance of musicNegatives:-loud volume music causing me constantly say, "what...huh, what did you say."  Love the music just wished the volume was for background.I typically like to try different restaurants when visiting, but I can't wait to come back and try other things.
3	mediocre at best.  nice beer list, but the special lady hated her cocktail.  the location was great and being seated immediately helped a big deal.  overall, though, the cosmo is a new place but already tired.
3	Cool vibe.  Great people watching.  Expensive.  I got the gold standard burger, which came with shoestring fries.  Both were great.  Friendly service.  They had a DJ on a Monday night.  The music was thumpin', but really added to the whole experience.
4	Very cool, busy place to catch a casual meal at the Cosmopolitan!  The sliders were great and so were the shoestring fries...I couldn't stop eating them!
5	This place is literally the best burger place I have been to in Las Vegas. Hands down, the best. Totally worth checking out if you're at the Cosmopolitan.
4	I went here twice during my week in Vegas, and I would have gone back again if I could.  We tried a lot of different things on the menu, and everything was good.  The service was great, and it is in the Cosmopolitan Hotel which is amazing.Basically whatever you get here is going to be good; burgers, salads, appetizers, drinks, and reasonably priced for Vegas.
4	We went on a Saturday night & a dj was playing.  Music was good & we enjoyed the trendy vibe.  We kept seeing dishes go by so it made it hard for me to decide!  We snacked on the free popcorn which my hubby loved!  We started with the "Drunken Monkey" shake(alcoholic but not noticeable) with Reese's on top!!!  Yum!  Let me say that again....YUM!  As for my dinner, I couldn't make a decision so I went with the Classic Burger & steak fries($13.50).  I know boring with all the cool choices but oh well.  It was worth the money!   The meat was juicy & FLAVORFUL(something that scores well with me)! Not to mention it was very filling!   The fries were good too! The hubby ordered a specialty burger & shoestring fries which he said was good too!We saw some sort of blue thing & dry ice or something at a nearby table.  We were intrigued but couldn't tell what it was....otherwise we may have tried that as well!  I wish I would of tried the lobster truffle Mac n cheese but we were too full!A little pricey but most places are on the strip.  However, this one was worth my dollars!!Inside the Cosmopolitan Hotel.  2nd floor.
4	So close but so far is all I can say of this new restaurant.  I went with a friend on opening night and everything was perfect; the meat was cooked to order, the toppings were flavorful and well proportioned, the bun was great, and I walked out of there claiming that it might have unseated Burger Bar as one of my favorites (More on Burger Bar in a future article).  The bacon, cheese, and garlic aioli all had great flavor, and didn't compete with each other.  I went back a second time a week later with the always negative writer of our sister site, the Boston Burger Blog, and the meat was very overcooked.  Again the toppings and bun were excellent, but the overcooked meat greatly took away from our experience and flavor.  We both agreed that if the meat was cooked medium-rare as ordered, it would have earned several more points.  Being a restaurant that has a burger and shake theme, this is something that really should be right every time.But as you know, the burger isn't the only factor taken into consideration.  The fries need work.  The first time I ate there our waiter explained that we needed to get the shoestring fries because they were a clone of McDonalds' fries, and they were.  They were really good, and maybe lacked some of the greasiness that coincide with the big chain's version.  The second time they seemed to be a bit different, and almost seemed to stray towards the lackluster fries of Burger King after the Great Change.  The duck fat fries also seemed a bit better the first time than the second.  Another great item were the 'loaded' shakes; mostly classic flavors and mixes with a good amount of alcohol in each one.  While they are a bit expensive, the few that I've tried have all been quite tasty.I managed to squeeze a third visit here in the midst of my busy schedule, and this time there were more problems.  First of all, we had a horrible wait for food; people sat after us, ate and left before any of our food arrived to our table.  The restaurant was severely understaffed for some convention that was in town that week.  While I understand that rushes do occur, some careful planning and a bit of coordination with the hotel management to see what kind of occupancies you'll have from week to week would be a good idea.  On top of our wait, I got steak fries instead of shoestring, which isn't a deal breaker, but when I'm supposed to be finding anything wrong with my meal this makes it easy.  Like my first visit, the meat was cooked perfectly so this gives me hope that they might be back to their original form, even with a packed house. My Asian themed burger had great flavor overall, and a little bit of a bite which was welcome.  It came topped with an over-easy egg that was cooked perfectly, and a glaze that had good flavor.All things considered, this restaurant has already brought me in for three separate visits so there is some merit to that.  But the inconsistencies from meal to meal, combined with the not-so-great service prevent me from bumping this burger to the next level.  It's definitely worth a first time visit, if not just to experience the Cosmopolitan property and take in extreme Vegas opulence.
4	the food was good.. a bit costy..  but hey your in vegas huh? the atmosphere was pleasant and the service was great!
2	We stayed at the Cosmoplitan Hotel and were pretty excited to have a this in our hotel.  The night we went, we placed a to--go order to take back to our room.  BAD MISTAKE!!!  We had about 5 of us, that ordered a variety of food... probably totalling over $200.  Not only did it take about 40-minutes to get our order but most of the order was wrong.  I ordered potato chips w/ onion dip, a salad and a burger.  The potato chip order was sad... I could probably count how many chips were in that box and it was probably around 12.  The salad, never happened... it was an order of pita chips and guacamole when I got back to my room.  The burger... I got the "Gold Standard" a $17 burger and was kind of disappointed.  I couldn't stomach the flavor and had to stop eating it after a few bites.  I seriously would have called to complain but I didnt have another 30-40 minutes for them to figure out a solution.  Probably wouldn't ever come back here because the service was horrible this night and the food was not worth the money.
2	If I could give 1.5 stars, I would. Yay for the free popcorn and beer selection.3 people = 3 messed up orders. Rock hard hamburger bun. "well done" patty with red center.  Nobody seemed to care that we didn't like our food. Waitress just seemed put out about it.P.S. Steak fries = potato wedges. Go to smashburger. If you really want to spend a lot of money for your burger, go to burger bar.
4	Lobster truffle Mac n Cheese is where it's at!!! I was dissapointed when it came out in sucha  small bowl but I couldn't finish, it was so rich and creamy!! yummm!! the shakes...eh I can do without
2	Very disappointed in Holsteins.Ate at Scarpetta and saw this cute place so came back the next day. Food order was messed up and not good at all.I would recommend going somewhere else. They were nice about everything but would not go back.
5	Great burger location within the Cosmopolitan hotel.  My boyfriend and I were staying at this location and we wanted to eat somewhere within the hotel, since we both were exhausted and didn't feel like walking far.We didn't have to wait for a table, our server was great!  Very friendly.  Loved the atmosphere and the menu was unique.  They have tons of alcoholic milkhakes, which I wished I would have tried.  HOwever, I got the Longhorn Burger:THE LONGHORN* / 16BEEF PATTY TOPPED WITH TEXAS SMOKED BEEF BRISKET, WHISKEY BBQ SAUCE, CREAMY COLE SLAW & DILL PICKLE ---AMAZING...My boyfriend got the:THE CLASSIC* / 13.5LETTUCE, TOMATO, ONION, MAYO, KETCHUP& PICKLES.He loved it as well.  We both got Steak Fries (they have shoestring fries as well.)  The bread on the burgers even tasted freshly made.I definitely would go again!
3	2.5 stars. What we ordered:Truffle lobster mac & cheeseMini burger bites with steak, foie gras & arugula (2)Mini lobster rolls (2)Onion ringsMy first impression when the food arrived at our table was how tiny the portions were for the hefty price tag. Then, I immediately thought to myself that it must be because the food tastes phenomenal. I was wrong. The steak in the burger bites was dry. There was not enough truffle flavor & lobster in the mac & cheese. The lobster rolls were sub par and bland tasting. However, the onion rings were delicious, probably the best I've had. It's kind of sad that the onion rings were the highlight of our meal. There's too many yummy places in Vegas to try...I won't be coming back.
4	"That's a pretty f****** good milkshake. I don't know if it's worth five dollars but it's pretty f******g good." Vincent from Pulp FictionMilkshakes are delicious! Expensive, but delicious! Seriously, that was the first thing that flashes in my head when I think of that milkshake. We got the black and white malted, and unf, I would love to have it again. Don't know if it was worth the price though. So I like it. Got the Bulgogi burger because 1) I love bulgogi burgers and 2) I don't remember the last time I had one.My verdict? You know, it was good, but there needs to be more kimchi (hello, I'm Korean), the marinade is weaksauce (seriously needs more), and I don't think I'm a fan of a bulgogi burger made with ground beef and no mayo. It's not a bad burger, just not for me. I would've liked it a little more like how my mom makes it, or how I'm used to in Korea: lots of thin slices of delicious, tender, fragrant marinated beef with some mayo.Atmosphere was great. I like eating at a trendy place with a DJ spinning. It's nice and it gives it a club atmosphere. The wait staff was really friendly, and the food came out pretty fast. I love how things come out in little buckets. Cute!Portions are... on the smaller side. Maybe I'm used to mountains of fries coming out with my burgers, but it was a little bit of a let down.I also didn't realize that this place only serves burgers. I felt so bad for my boyfriend because he does NOT under ANY CIRCUMSTANCES for reasons fuzzy eat burgers. There was almost nothing for him to eat, and so he barely ate anything. He got the Meatball Grinder, and it was a super tiny order on buns, which he didn't eat. He liked the meatballs... but seriously wasn't enough food for him.If you eat here, make sure that everyone is okay with eating burgers.
1	Probably one of the worst places that calls themselves a burger joint, my boyfriend and I decided to give this place a try so we ordered a couple of things we had the duck fat fries, the chicken and waffles and 2 different burgers.  Let's just say the duck fat fries were the biggest disappointment, they definitely need to do some research and find out what duck fat fries should be. The chicken and waffles was soooo bad, and the burger.... Let's not even go there.... So badSo I stupidly decided to give it another try, I ordered the gold standard, i ordered it medium, and it showed up 2 minutes after i had ordered it.... Meaning that it had been precooked... Who knows how long that burger had been sitting because they were not busy enough to keep precooked burgers, and they don't even grind their own meat!!! Yeah I couldn't finish it, and I can say I'm never going back, nor would I recommend this place to anyone.
1	Portions were really small and ridiculously over priced. The free kettle corn was amazingly salty and after each bite you hope that the next bite won't be as salty as the last. I had the tacos as appetizers. There was three of them and it was very good. Again, small and over priced. As an entree, I ordered the mushroom burger and that  also tasty and small.
4	Service is always on point. They're fast, friendly, and funny.Eating here before the Adele concert was a savior because I really didn't feel like eating at a higher end restaurant at Cosmo. Just something easy and nothing formal.I had their tenderloin rossini which were sliders with tenderloin, foie gras, and mushrooms. Meat was bigger than the buns. Super juicy. And I could taste the foie but, couldn't see it. I was dissappointed with that cause when I'm eating foie, disgusting as it may sound, I like to see the fat coming out of it.Pizza rolls were like those pizza bites but, I'd rather have pizza bites. lol
5	Everything was great. White lightning and the big fat Greek with steak fries.
3	I ate here on Saturday, August 20th. There were two concerts that night, plus the fact is was Saturday made it very crowded. The 20 minute wait wasn't a problem. The fact that the pager went off to tell us that they were ready to seat us when they weren't was the problem. We had to wait another 10 minutes.  Be warned that the music is VERY LOUD. You have to yell at everyone which gets old. I'm use to loud music in a club but not when I'm eating.  The redeeming qualities of the music are that the bass is low so you can't feel it in your chest and the mix is arranged nicely.The milkshakes are really tasty. They range from $11-14. You get two drinks for that price since you also get a completely filled shake container. My boyfriend liked his Korean Bull Gogi burger. I got the chicken and waffle appetizer. It wasn't anything special about it. I like that they gave us a small bucket of popcorn while waiting for our food. It didn't seem to take too long for the food to come out but they gave us popcorn anyway. A little annoyance for me that has nothing to do with the stars was the tie wearing. The waiters are suppose to wear ties, but they have to stick them in their shirts so they don't flop around. It looks weird, like they're wearing ascots. I think the restaurant should either give them shorter ties or supply tie clips.  I would go back here for the milkshakes, just the milkshakes.
1	OMG! THE MUSIC IS SO LOUD! NO REALLY! YOU PROBABLY DIDN'T HEAR ME OVER THE LOUD MUSIC SO I'LL SAY IT AGAIN-- THE MUSIC IS SO LOUD!!! WHAT? WHAT DID YOU SAY? WHAT DID I ORDER? IT DOESN'T MATTER BECAUSE THE WAITRESS COULDN'T HEAR ME OVER THE LOUD MUSIC!Seriously. Had a reservation, got seated, and quite literally the waitress had a hard time taking our party of four orders BECAUSE THE MUSIC WAS SO LOUD. Worse we couldn't understand a thing she said/asked either BECAUSE THE MUSIC WAS SO LOUD. Each of our four orders  went something like this.Customer, "I'll have the _____ burger." Waitress, "Which one?"Customer, "The _____ burger."Waitress, now pointing to the menu, "Which one?"Customer now also points to the burger on the menu.Waitress, "The _____ burger? How would you like that cooked?"Customer, "What?"Waitress, now shouting very slowly, "HOW ... WOULD ... YOU ... LIKE ... THAT ... COOKED?"Customer, now also shouting very slowly, "MEE ... DEE ... UMM ... RARE!"Waitress, "WHAT KIND OF FRIES WOULD YOU LIKE?!"Customer, "WHAT?!"Waitress, sighs. Customer, sighs.As noted in other reviews the food is prepared well and is quite tasty but not sizeable. Burgers are about the size of a regular fast food burger. You get choice of fries, either steak or shoestring. Again, the amount is the size of a standard fast food fry. The shakes are also good but, again, not sizeable. On average 1 burger & fry + 1 shake = $30 with tax and tip.So using the taste vs. cost vs. size vs. uncomfortable ambiance equation we arrive at a mere 1 star.WHAT? I SAID ONE STAR! WHAT?!sigh.
2	I had nothing but high hopes for Holsteins, sadly my dining experience did not live up to expectations. It wasn't that the food was bad, it was actually good. What killed the experience for me was the horrifically bad service and the ridiculously loud music.I arrived at Holsteins at about 9:15pm on a Monday night, walked up to the hostess desk, and after being ignored for a few minutes was "greeted" by the snottiest hostess in the whole world. After some exasperated sighing and excessive eye-rolling I was told that they were full, the waiting list was full, and they wouldn't even take my name for the waiting list until after 9:30. Boom, that was it....and then she walked away. We were aghast! WTF? Oh, GAME ON! So, I walked 3 feet away, pulled out my phone, and looked at Opentable.com. Oh hey, look at that...there are reservations available for Holsteins...now. I promptly made a reservation for 4, pushed send, got my confirmation, and walked the 3 feet back to the hostess desk. Phone in hand and with a gigantic smile on my face I greeted the snotty hostess and said I had a reservation. She once again grunted and rolled her eyes saying, "oh, are YOU Carrie?" After I happily confirmed that I was indeed Carrie...THE Carrie with the 9:30pm Opentable reservation Snotty Hostess said, "I saw that you JUST made the reservation. (Eyes rolling up a storm) There is a long waiting list, but because you JUST made a reservation I will put your name at the top of the list. But just to let you know, it might take 20 minutes or more to get you a table." I honestly have never encountered a more snotty, hostile, and unaccommodating hostess anywhere. It would serve Holsteins well to hire hostesses with temperaments more appropriate for the position.Here is what we ordered:Bam-boozled "shakes" all $11.00Drunken MonkeyFrozen GrasshopperCereal BowlBlack CowThey were all fine...nothing special and not very boozey. FYI, the Black Cow is a float not a shake, despite the fact it is not marked as such.Burgers:Gold Standard $17.50 - Longhorn $16.00Steakhouse burger $16.50All the burgers were cooked perfectly and they were tasty, but the toppings were very skimpy. I have indeed "experienced better." They are served with fries...two of us chose shoestring fries and one upgraded to sweet potato fries. Sadly, both types of fries were mediocre at best. Additionally we ordered the Fried Green Tomatoes which were also mediocre.Our server was fine, but not fantastic. The music was so loud we could barely hear the waitress or carry on a conversation. Overall our experience was a less than stellar one. The experience with the snotty hostess put a taint on the evening and there was nothing that happened during the rest of our dinner that made up for it. There are way too many other restaurants in Las Vegas with bigger, better burgers and better service. I will not be returning, unless it is to punch the snotty hostess in the face (I kid! I kid!)
3	I was in town for a convention so I just grabbed a seat at the bar. It was pretty busy, but the bartenders were all pretty friendly. I started with the fried green tomato salad. I think it was my favorite part of the meal. It was 3 slices of tomato fried with some mixed greens. It was pretty tasty, though it was $14 for a smallish starter. The hen house burger was good, but a bit messy. I am never a fan of a burger that is so juicy that it soaks through the bottom bun and makes the burger fall apart. Then it all goes to pieces and you end up being that guy eating a burger with a fork and knife. Never good. Anyway, the hen house was tasty. They seem to skimp on the fries though. They were tasty, but the cup of fries you get seems a little small. As for drinks, they have quite a few wines and craft beers available, which was nice. Two glasses of wine ($20), a salad and burger was $55.
4	Let me start by saying that I am not a "cool" person, so when I approached Holsteins for dinner I thought I would feel out of place.  It turned out to be a very enjoyable, memorable experience.The restaurant is on the second floor of the chic Cosmopolitan hotel which is packed with the young and hp on a Saturday night.  The restaurant was crowded when we arrived, and the hostess was not accepting names for a table.  However, we were told we could wait in the bar area and visit her again in a half hour to inquire about a table.I'm not sure if this is typical, but it seems like a smart business decision on their part -- to get the guests into the bar to buy drinks first.  It worked for my party.We actually ordered two appetizers from the bar: fried green tomatoes and lobster macaroni & cheese.  Both were excellent, but the macaroni and cheese is other worldly good.Holstein's "adult" shakes all sounded incredibly delicious -- about ten to fifteen listed options including everything from Cap'n Crunch to chocolate covered pop rocks.  I settled on their "brown cow" which has root beer, vanilla ice cream, pop rocks and rum.  It was wonderful.After about 45 minutes in the bar, we finally got a table in the restaurant.  I got the "gold standard" burger which -- though not fancy -- was delicious.  The three people in my party each ordered different burgers and different fries (shoestring, steak and sweet potato).  We shared and loved it all.With dinner, I had the red sangria which was wonderful.  I tried my friend's white sangria which was light and refreshing.I would definitely recommend Holsteins and would return the next time in Las Vegas.Final word to the wise: the bar is LOUD.  The music is cranked so incredibly high that I am shocked hotels across the street couldn't hear it.  Conversation in the bar is strained at best.  Once in the restaurant, the music is less assaultive, but the wood-clad restaurant is also naturally loud.  This is a fun restaurant -- but not one to relax and converse in.
5	everything was greatShakes, burgers, wings, fries.A+ across the board.
1	Well just got back from vegas my wife and I stumbled upon this place I was not all that hungry but my wife wanted a salad on the menu so I ordered the chicken and waffles off the appetizer menu. Well I got one silver dollar cold waffle 3 decent chicked strips and a cup of Ice cold syrup....it was terrible If I had more time I would of sent it back. My wifes salad lets say she was not thrilled with it... waste of $25...Oh I forgot they dropped off a compliments of the chef mini bucket of popcorn which was well a joke ...Would I give it another try maybe but I would try maybe a burger...
2	Ok.  You're in Las Vegas for crying out loud so grow some balls and while you're at it, grow a bigger menu.  The selection is SO redundant and your menu is so hard to read.  I dont know who, in the marketing department, approved the visuals of the menu.  Kimchee Quesadilla - great! Pork Bun Sliders - fab! Never had them like that anywhere, but the menu is just blah.  It is VERY reasonably priced for being in such a fancy hotel.  What I liked about this place was that I was able to order my food here and take it to the beautiful Chandalier and eat it there w/a cocktail.  Also I went there on Friday night to eat and was able to leave with a free water refill in a plastic cup.  The next night, same situation and I had to pay $1.00 for a water refill to go.  Seriously?  It's a dollar, but still!
5	before heading to a pool party, i wanted to check out this place for lunch and were seated right away..not supposed to eat before going to the pool? who cares, it was good!i normally don't like popcorn but found myself keep reaching for it while waiting to place our order..it must be bc of the truffle!ordered..-the rising sun: medium rare with sweet potato fries.. loved my burger and and a sucker for sweet potato fries-i was too into my burger to taste my friend's so i don't remember their order but was told it was good.. the side of steakcut fries was yummy-bam boozled drunken monkey: reese's pcs banana, malt, frangelico.. omg this was soo good. love love loved it.. i was the only one that had some sort of alcoholic beverage with lunch.. weird bc it's usually the other way around.. i liked that they serve you the extra shake on the side..loved lunching here and would def come back again.. i want to try the bam boozled cereal bowl and many more burgers next time..
4	Food was good had chicken waffles and the salty shake, the shake was exceptional, if anything I will go back for that. The staff was pleasant and helpful. Will recommend to visitors.
4	4.5 stars!We ordered tiny burgers and pizza twinkies + strawberry cheesecake milkshake.  Food is quite cute and creative, nice presentation and taste good.Service is fast and attentive.  Just abit too pricey for appetitizers ($17 ea) conisdering the level of restaurant + serving size.
4	Shakes and Buns?! I'm sold!I knew I wanted to try a 'crazy' shake when I saw the online menu before we go to this place, but they didn't seem to have as many shakes as I saw online or my failed memory from constant drinking and partying the many nights before was kicking in or I was just starting to feel 26. Who knows?We opted to sit in the lounge area (only 2 of us since the rest of our party decided to fly out of Vegas early, good if you don't want to gamble all your winnings away last minute) and we were greeted by our waitress.I ordered from the Tiny Buns (also known as sliders) and got the Crispy Pork Sliders! I was also suffering from what we believed to be a food allergy to something from the night before, so we informed our waitress that I have a seafood allergy and she went ahead and informed the kitchen of this so they would take extra care as to not contaminate ANYTHING with seafood. Man do I miss seafood... +50 stars for this alone.The pork sliders were small, but filling...may be small for other people though! They pan fried them for me to be extra safe.My dining partner, Jeff L., ordered some fat ass burger called The Rising Sun. I didn't get to taste it, but it looked REALLY good. Also, it comes with fries, but not enough fries where it you could split it amongst people.I didn't want to overeat, even though we were in Sin City, so I just got a shake as oppose to the pretty awesome sounding appetizers. We shared the Cereal Bowl shake which basically had Captain Crunch in it. It won't cut the roof of your mouth!Downside: we didn't get any utensils or condiments and/or free popcorn and couldn't flag down our waitress for it either! Whomp whomp had to ask the bartender!
4	We found Holstein's by accident, wandering around The Cosmopolitan after deciding to skip a dinner at The Henry. Good decision. I went with the hen house burger (fried egg and bacon) with sweet potato fries, wife went vanilla and got the classic with shoestring fries. Burgers were great, accurately cooked - although so juicy that the bottom bun quickly becomes soggy. I was happy to see Shiner Bock on the draft list so I skipped the bamboozed shake, wife had a chocolate malt. She claims the malt was one of the best she has ever had, Shiner is always perfect.Fairly full off of the cheddar popcorn, burgers and fries, we decided to not do dessert - EXCEPT for the Nitro Meringues. ORDER THE NITRO MERINGUES. A waiter brings them from the kitchen in a bowl of liquid nitrogen and serves them to you one at a time. I was having so much fun blowing smoke that I can't remember the taste.Oh yeah, they had baseball on TV, +1.
4	I must eat here again. I was too hungover and thirsty to try one of their shakes! (but who isn't in Vegas?) However, i was still able to enjoy their Gold burger and fries. *thumbs up* Too bad this place isn't open after Marquee closes cuz the drunkards would be flockin'! Awesome service, good food, reasonable prices. Give it a try!
4	Found Holsteins on Yelp--and gave it a go for lunch!  I LOVE burgers--and this place was pretty good. The Cosmopolitan hotel is an upscale establishment located in the new City Center development.  We were staying at the Belllagio, and the Cosmpolitan was right next door.The restaurant is located on the second floor.  It was a bit loud and chaotic when we got there--which is probably to be expected on a busy Friday in Vegas.I started with the Cereal Bowl--an incredible vanilla milkshake with vanilla vodka and CAPTAIN CRUNCH mixed in--awesome--though not super potent from an alcohol standpoint.I had the Hen House burger--which is a burger with bacon and fried egg on top, and I added American cheese.  The burger was fantastic, cooked to order, and served with seasoned steak fries which were a bit dull compared with the rest of the food (you can order shoestring fries instead).  As said in another review--the juiciness of the burger definitely soaked the bottom bun making it a bit unappetizing.From a service standpoint we were seated immediately, and then there was some confusion as one server took our drink order--which took about 10 minutes to fill, and another server then took over.   After that the server was quite attentive despite being very busy.Though not a cheap restaurant--Holsteins was reasonably priced for this part of the strip.  The ambience was fun and bright, and I would definitely return for the shake!
5	Yum-diddly-yum! This hopping little place inside The Cosmopolitan Hotel in Las Vegas is delicious. The wait was not terrible (15 minutes) and the staff was attentive and friendly. We started with the fried pickle appetizer  - good breaded crunchy coating and equally crunchy dill pickle spears within. A few fried olives in the mix didn't hurt one bit. Hubby ordered the Korean Bull-Gogi burger loaded with a nice soy/kalbi marinade, kimchi, and a fried egg atop a perfectly cooked burger and incredibly toasty bun. This burger was a nice size and had a good side of sweet potato fries with it. I had the lobster roll sliders in mini-hot dog buns with a nice aioli and cup of cole slaw. Great flavor on both entrees. Plus... we each had one of their cool milk-shakes. Mine was the Oreo cookie with Bailey's and hubby had the S'mores with rum. Goodness gracious, set me up with another! Food was pretty reasonably priced for pricey Vegas as well. Try it!
3	I'm trying to be a fair reviewer but to be honest I came into here with high expectations due to two coworkers telling me it was GREAT. I thought it was standard good burger. The meat was flavorful and moist and cooked medium rare like I asked, but the rest of my classic burger was unremarkable. I thought the burger was a fair size but the delicious fries that came as a side disappeared so fast! It comes in a tiny cup that is around 4 oz. The service was really fast but almost too fast - we couldn't get anyone's attention when we wanted an extra plate and our salad was whisked away before we finished it. Overall, a little disappointed but probably the best place for a burger in Las Vegas.
4	no wait for a table! hoooray!! the korean bull-gogi burger was pretty damn tasty! the bff and i split this burger and the waitress was kind enough to bring an extra plate without us even asking for one. we requested the burger be cooked medium and that's exactly what we got. the over easy egg was fried to perfection. as for the kimchee slaw... it wasn't spicy enough! maybe because the kalbi glaze overpowered the spices. the shoestring fries were sooooo yummy!!! all in all, we were both stuffed. thank goodness we didn't each order a dish. i'd def come back to try the other items on the menu.
2	We ate here on a Tuesday evening at about 9pm, it wasn't too busy and we were seated immediately.  We had the pork belly sliders and the Longhorn Burger with shoestring fries.  We also shared a Grasshopper milkshake.  The sliders were the best part of the meal, great flavor and I could have eaten 5 of these :-) They were $9 for two.  The Longhorn Burger had brisket, BBQ sauce, coleslaw and a pickcle on it.  We held the coleslaw and the pickle, but had to pay $2 (on top of the $16 for the burger) for a slice of cheddar.  The burger was slightly overcooked, the BBQ sauce was hardly there and I couldn't find any brisket on my half of the burger.The Grasshopper shake was $11 and tasted of mint and chocolate, but there was no alcohol - I guess I expected to taste it at $11.I would not go back to this restaurant - there are better places in Vegas and even back home in Albuquerque.
5	delicious shakes.  I want to try all on the menue everytime i go.  Cookies and Cream one is my favorite so far
5	The Gold Standard burger here was amazing. Really, just bursting with robust savory flavor. Not too salty - which is how you know the meat here is really high quality.18 bucks for a burger seems high, but its worth it. And besides, when you come to Vegas you don't do it cause its cheap. You do it to live it up a little bit. I really liked this burger. I head they're gonna take holstein's national - I think a spot in LA is on the horizon....i hope so.
5	Went here on the recommendation that they had a stellar beer selection and i was NOT disappointed...in fact we made it back there again after our first meal there...we couldn't get enough.Beer: selection was great. Their tap-list is so-so but their bottle list is great. Wait stuff completely clueless when it came to beer for some reason.Appetizers: wow...all I have to say is the Lobster mac and Cheese was superb!Burgers: pricey, juicy and soooo worth it. Those burgers were near perfection.Didn't get a chance to do dessert...was too stuffed from the burgers.Check this place out. Short wait times, friendly staff.
5	I do have to say I have eaten at this place over 5 times in the last 9 months and I have never had a bad meal. The burgers come out the way you want them, the timing is perfect, and the staff is great. I take friends and family in here all the time when they visit. The gold standard is by far my favorite burger. The sweet potato fries are the best I have ever had. I read the 1 star comments and most of them were right after this place opened. If you had a bad expeience then, go back now. Service has gotten better and better. Price is normal for strip food. Just writing this review makes me want to go buy a burger.
5	Hands down the best burger place in town. I am writing this review after the 2nd time coming here...forgive me...I am a very busy person with 2 crazy monkeys to raise...Yelp kinda takes a back seat. I was lucky enough to come here a second time with my BESTEST FOODIE FRIEND, Rob M. (LL Cool Mack if you're nasty) for a belated birthday dinner (I told you I was a busy girl). It wasn't very crowded and we were seated right away. On our way back to our table I spotted the server we had last time...The lovely NOELLE. Noelle is what every server should aspire to be. She is knowledgeable, genuinely caring about your experience (my monkeys loved her) and an all around cool person. If you are smart you will trust her recommendations (she's batting for 1000 after 2 visits). We had the most amazing food:-New Belgium Hoptober beer-Lobster truffle mac n' cheese (a MUST...you will be licking the plate clean)-Mini sliders with beef tenderloin, fois gras, arugula, truffle mayo and a wild mushroom demi glaze (they are small but bursting with flavor)-The Gold Standard burger (what they are famous for...I can see why)-The Drunken Monkey adult milkshake (so tasty, not super boosy...even gave some to the monkeys. They loved it)-Maple glazed donuts with vanilla cream filling and bacon bits on top (holy cow I died and went to heaven).Now the downside....this place isn't a fast food restaurant. Good food is worth the wait and you will wait a bit here. I appreciated the wait time in between courses so I could digest and really enjoy all my food. If you are in a hurry don't come here...you will be bummed. Also...its kinda pricey but well worth it in my mind. You are looking at around $60 per person depending on what you drink. If you can't afford it...don't eat here...simple as that. I will be back soon and hopefully Miss Noelle will be our girl again.
5	Yes the food is small but it's so delicious the shakes are so good u even forget it has alcohol and the popcorn is really good. Pork belly sliders were so tasty and so was the lobster roll.
4	I dropped by Holsteins Shakes and Buns knowing that their Burgers and Shakes were awfully good.  Friends of mine have been recommending it and the pics on yelp were pretty convincing.I came in for a late lunch so they had me sit at the bar.  I'm not a big fan of sitting at the bar to eat so that instantly turned me off when they offered it to me, but the bartender was pretty helpful.Based off my friend's recommendation (Jesiree B.), I ordered the Rising Sun Burger (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=lhrHECQNbkdIj7v8ZQEtng)- Kobe Beef, Teriyaki Glaze, Nori Furikake, Crispy Yam, Spicy Mayo, and Tempura Avocado.  The Burger was cooked really good and all the toppings worked well together.  I loved the Crispy Yams which gave the Burger a nice flavorful crunch.  I thought the Tempura Avocado was a bit much though and didn't exactly go well with the Teriyaki Glaze.  Good burger overall though, it had it's very own distinct look and taste.  And the Skinny Fries that came with it were crispy and seasoned very well.The Black Cow Float was incredible and actually became the highlight of my meal (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=ofIHY3pj6hV8YclDldKL-g) - Coca-Cola,  Vanilla Ice Cream, Cherry Vodka, and Chocolate Covered Pop Rocks!  It was a explosion of flavor in my mouth, literally!!  It could be because I'm a little late to the Pop Rocks and Coca-Cola party since it was the first time I've had the infamous combo.  It worked well though as an Ice Cream Float.  I actually wanted to order another one!In an already crowded Gourmet Burger market on the Strip with Burger Bar, KGB, BLT, and Le Burger Brasserie, it's nice to see that Holsteins can easily contend well against them with their own creative spin on Burgers and Shakes.  I will definitely come back again!
4	After becoming a veteran to Wicked Spoon due to too many trips to Vegas this summer (oops), I decided to try this place instead. My roommate and I shared the Rising Sun Burger with a side of fries and I was NOT disappointed. The meat was SO juicy and damn those fries and dipping sauces are yummy. I LOVED the avocado that was slipped into my burger (I might be biased ... I'm such an avocado lover) along with the perfect touch of teriyaki glaze to give it that Asian flare. The portions are large enough to share if needed; however the prices are definitely on the high side. The place was crowded and the servers were a little on the slow side. Overall though, this place is definitely a new favorite spot. Don't come here to look for cheap burgers, fries, and shakes - this place is definitely gourmet and for the ones who won't mind spending 17 dollars on a burger. BUT, like I said, it's worth a visit. Next time I wanna try the shakes ... since this place IS famous for that. Haha
4	Ok, lets keep this in perspective.  If you want a great dining experience, this isn't the place.  If you want a big menu to choose from, nope... not here.If you want a great burger.... THIS IS THE PLACE!  Yes, it's a bit expensive, but hey, it's Vegas!  I had the Gold Standard, and it was fantastic!  Don't put ketchup on it, eat it just the way it comes out.  It could have used a bit more bacon, but that's knit picking.  It was a great burger, and while expensive, the Samuel Smith Organic Apple Cider is a great way to top it off!
3	After partying at marquee day club, all my friends and i were still ridiculously drunk, but hungry. We stumbled across Holsteins which was conveniently right across for the Marquee entrance on the 2nd floor.Didn't go for the signature spiked shakes, because more alcohol in the system would have been a bad idea, so we stuck with the food.got the burgers, sweet potato fries, and lobster mac&cheese.ALL. BOMB. The patties were cooked perfectly medium rare.. and I fell in love with the lobster mac & cheese..there's actually a lot of lobster in the tiny dish.-1 star only because of its price tag! (the food is really goood).But then again, its vegas. Spending maybe $25 on lunch is expensive, but think about all the $$ you spend on alcohol!
5	Holstein's is a must if one finds himself in Las Vegas. Granted I was in an "altered" state of mind, but damn, words don't do this place justice. If the phrase, "too much flavor" ever had a face, it would be Mr. Holstein himself. My friend and I both had the gold standard and it definitely lived up to that standard. Savory, fresh, and rich. Don't miss out friends! Indulgence has a new location and it's at the 2nd floor of the Cosmopolitan hotel in Las Vegas.
5	Love this resturant. We got in quickly. Food was amazing. I got the lobster/truffle mac and cheese and my hubby got a hamburger. Both were out of this world. I wish there was one here in Ohio. So good.
3	Came here on a Saturday night about 9 ish with 2 friends. We couldn't find any place to eat without a long wait or prior reservations, so we popped a squat in the lounge area. A cute Filipina waitress with more shakes and buns than what is served here helped us with a smile, trying to squeeze herself into her little dress. That is how all the waitresses dress here, actually, a lot like the girls that eat here, in tight short dresses. At this time of night, it makes sense, because right across the hall is the Marquis Night Club, the main late-night-place-to-be at the Cosmopolitan, especially if you look 19 and Asian.We ordered simple little meals as follows:Red Stripe - $7Dragon Fruit Drink - $10Black and White Shake - $8Artichoke Guacamole app with chips $9Truffle Lobster $16.50Pizza Twinkies $12Mini Holstein Sliders (2) - $9The Black and White was great, reminded me of Fenton's Creamery in Oakland, with both chocolate and white chocolate mini malt balls on top. The Artichoke Guac was meh. The sliders were tasty, but puny in size. Pizza Twinkies looked like 2 large Geno Pizza Rolls.  The meal totaled $77.29 with tax, for nothing very filling or completely satisfying. When you throw in a tip, that is nearly $100 for a 3 way snack. I tried to fill up on eye candy though. And it was entertaining to see the people in line across the hall herded into the club like cattle, first being branded (ID check) then shuffled through roped holding pens, then stampeding into the meat packing plant.
3	Another featured burger in the "Vegas Seven" Magazine". Came here to have the obvious..After I ordered the Bartender replied: "that's what we're known for.. it was ranked top 5 in the nation.."Gold Standard with steak cut fries: The burger came out perfectly constructed and everything looked proportioned from the top to bottom. Looked like a "Lbs Burger or Bachi Burger".. Well, come to find out this place was related to "Lbs", same chef.. It came with Dry Aged Beef Sirloin, smoked bacon, aged goat cheddar cheese, tomato confit, baby arugula, garlic-chive aioli on a kinda sweet bun.. The medley of flavors worked pretty well but just like "lbs" and even Bachi burger, I was not blown away. Just merely satisfied.. The burger patty wasn't that flavorful but had a nice texture. It was all the supporting toppings that gave it some life. Overall, it just didn't do it for me..Steak cut fries: Awesome! Delicate light crunchy skin and inside had a crumbly fine mashed potato textured consistency. Loved it!Service Outstanding, Atmosphere fun (probably would of been even more fun with one of their Insane alcohol shake blends!), Value was fair (pricey ingredients but the burger didn't deliver much flavor) But I liked the Fries! =/
5	Try the Chinese buns. Delicious pork belly, marinated vegetables, and pea shoots. One of my new favorite dishes.
5	I love, love the Kobe beef burger.... in my opinion I take off the fried avocado and add a friend egg.  Super good!!!  I'm bummed that they took the duck fat fries off the menu, tried them there for the first time and they were delicious.  For an appetizers you must try to fried pickles.  Yummy!!!!
3	Came her for lunch.  As the name states, lots of burgers/sandwiches and shakes.  Server was friendly.  Food was above average with lots of unique burgers and shakes.  They have a wide variety of alcoholic shakes as well.  Prices are a bit high although that's kind of expected in vegas.
4	Deeeeelish! But you may feel too bloated, too sluggish, too lardy to be productive. But you'll feel very satisfied you had a yummy meal. (Though, at $76 for lunch, we could have done without a few dishes. More on that later.)My husband and I went on a Sunday morning at 11:05 after they first opened for the day. We got seated right away at a table near the flat screens to watch the games, but within 10 or 15 minutes, the place was jam packed with diners. Here's a rundown of what we ordered: All very well executed, though would have benefitted from a few minor changes. Fun novelty items too. 1. Fried Pickles: loved this preparation, because these fried pickles are spears, not chips that fall apart and taste nothing like a pickle. This gives each bite a nice tang. Flavorful sauce condiment and nice touch to have sliced meats on the side. Also came with fried olives ad fried capers...though the capers were kinda dried and tasteless. 2. Crispy Pork Belly Bun : Steamed mantou type buns (two mini sized) and two large chunks of crispy pork belly and hoisin. Very, very good,  I've had variations of this dish many times, and this one is nice. Very fatty, very crisp and flavorful. Though. I'd appreciate more cilantro, and some acid to cut through the fat. 3. Rising Sun Burger: juicy and hot, slathered in sauce, kimchi and a fried egg...get your napkins! Just get is. That's all I have to say about this one. 4. Tenderloin Rossini: pork tend loin sliders with foie gras (sp? I dunk, I dot eat enlarged duck liver...is that right, very often!) was good...but as always with tenderloin, desperately needed some fat. Came with house made chips, but would have preferred fries or rings. 5. Cake Lollypop, Nitrogen Merangues, (SP?) Push Pop: Strawberry cheesecake Lollypop was delicious, dipped in white chocolate and had a small strawberry gel disc on top. The nitro meringue (SP?) is bubblegum flavored, and  tiny, but prepared tableside and more for show than anything. Blow smoke for 30 seconds and impress your friends! For $2 it's a fun way to end a meal. The push pop...overrated. Nice novelty, but the sorbet is hard and makes it difficult to eat. Cute concept though. Service rocked. Glasses always full, plates cleared as soon as we were finished. Warm environment, creative menu items. Would hit up again...and would try the long list of milkshakes!
5	This was by far the best burger I've ever had!!! I ordered the Rising Sun Burger and the meat was SOOO moist!  I loved the teriyaki glaze, tempura avocado, and yam crisps.  Such an interesting and unique blend of flavors.  My boyfriend got the Campfire S'more Bam-Boozled Shake which was delicious and the Gold Standard Burger.  The burger was smokey and rich and the aged goat cheddar cheese, bacon and arugula brought it all together.  Holsteins will surely become our go-to amazing meal spot in Vegas.  SOOOOOOO good!  Why does it have to be so far away?
5	Now this is what you call a burger joint!!!! Best veggie burger I'd ever had. You can clearly tell this wasn't your average frozen veggie burger gone warm on a grill.  This thing had real veggie flavors and real texture.  Nice and hearty and thick just as I was eating a piece of meat :)I didn't care too much for the french fries or onion rings. The french fries were just french fries.  Nothing to call home about. The onion rings were deep friend too much and you couldn't enjoy it without it crumbling all over you.  The milkshakes were G.R.E.A.T!!!!  They had an array of flavors that I'd never seen before.  It was heaven.
4	Note: 3 vegetarians at the table that endearingly call one another "Heifer"   This place was great! We tried the artichoke guac, 2 veggie burgers, fries, and two shakes(The monkey one and the mint one). The "Guac"- Meh. Pass and try something else.The veggie burgers- TASTY! Love their buns ;) but the patty was a little soft. Great veggie burger none the less.Fries- I'm trying the onion rings next time.Shakes- A.Ma.Zing. So evil.    Everything was great, but its definetly a heavy meal. My friend had to go wretch after. Not from it being gross or being poisoned, but because he is a wannabe twink and couldn't handle it. lol. But since I'm a fat ass I held my down.
4	So I checked out this place after reading the menu and seeing a lot of interesting burgers.  Its like a restaurant/bar/lounge.  I ordered the "bull"gogi burger.  It was da bomb!  Perfectly cooked, nice and juicy.  Had that sweet korean bbq taste, kimchee slaw added a very little spicyness and a creamy spicy mayo.  One of the best burgers I've ever had.  For me, I would have liked a stronger korean bbq flavor for the meat and I wish the kimchee would be more spicy and more sour.  But that's me and I think they did a good job of giving you those flavors but not overwhelming you with it.  Served with shoestring fries  and also gave me a side of popcorn to munch on while I was waiting.  I also got a chocolate milkshake which was excellent.  I went to the Burger Bar in Mandalay Bay and I was somewhat disappointed.  This place is everything I had hoped the Burger Bar would be.  I am definitely going to go back and try a different burger.  Highy recommended.
5	This place is the definition of gourmet burger! I had the rising sun, with a friend egg on top?! genius!!! very big and juicy burger, you really cant go wrong. The get real creative with their burgers and its sooo huge that I just gotta keep coming back to try more!
3	Another high-end burger joint.  Holsteins is located in the Cosmopolitan. Really, you're just paying for the ambiance, like Grind Burger and Strip Burger. If you're a tourist, spending your vacation budget, the price is inline with your expectations.  But for locals, Five Guys and In-and-Out make great burgers in lieu of full service and "ambiance" at a great price.  Some of the ingredients are higher end like aged beef, goat cheese, kobe, and blue cheese.  These ingredients are very tasty, but do they really make for an extraordinary burger, especially for the price.  The fries both sweet and steak were goo.  The shakes (alcoholic and non-alcoholic) are wonderful, but great drinks are a given in Vegas.Lastly, When I'm paying my money for food at a restaurant, I expect my reasonable request to be fulfilled.  Since my friend and I couldn't decide between the same two burgers, I ordered one and she ordered the other.  We asked to have them cut in half so we could each try both.  The waitress said that she was not allow to do that.    Why the hell not?
4	Try the milkshakes. Seriously, if you don't try at least ONE of their milkshakes, you are doing yourself a disservice as a human being. I tried the Hen House burger, with bacon and a fried egg on it and it was very tasty, that's for sure. I loved the thin-cut french fries and could easily have eaten two servings (probably did anyway). SO, then I tried the Campfire Smores milkshake. HOLY CRAP. Then I tried another milkshake at the table, the Cereal Bowl, with Cap N' Crunch and Fruity Pebbles, which wasn't as good as the smores one, but I'm sure I could have downed about 4 of them in a sitting. Did I mention that the milkshakes have BOOZE in them? Ahhhh, yeah.....Anyway, I tried 2 of the specialty bloody Mary martinis; the Spicy one was served with a poached shrimp that was as big as Paul Bunyon's thumb, I swear. But the kicker drink was the Savory bloody Mary martini, with BEEF BRISKET INFUSED VODKA and a skewer that had 3 large chunks of perfectly cooked filet mignon- SO yum. Who thinks this stuff up? Brisket-infused vodka? How the hell would a person even make that? Try this place out, you won't regret it.
4	This place is not your typical burger joint.  It's a burger joint infused with the new spirit the Cosmopolitan brings to the strip: Vegas extravagance while keepin it classy.The ambiance surely is nice, as you would expect in one of the new city center hotels.  The waiters are friendly and accommodating.  The burgers were delish, though I wouldn't say they were anything beyond what you would expect from a $20 burger kind of place.The thing that makes me want to come back are the shakes.  As people have said before, the variety of innovative flavors they have here is phenomenal but can be daunting.  Get everyone in your group to get a different one so you can try out lots of flavors!  I had a s'mores one that was incredible!  Not to mention the presentation of the shakes is a pleasure to the eyes and tastebuds.  The marshmallow garnish I think was a homemade marshmallow and was delicious.  They do have booze in them, but only enough for taste.  They can't really induce or maintain a buzz, so order a drink on the side if needed.Is it lame that I wanna take a trip Las Vegas just to get another Holstein's shake?  Well, I'm not ashamed to admit it, so get over it!
4	I make it a point to try all the fancy burger places that pop up in Vegas.   Holsteins is definitely one of the best.   I'd say the burgers are probably better then Burger Bar @ Mandalay Bay.  And i'd probably end up frequenting Holsteins more then Burger Bar due to the Cosmo being in a much better location on The Strip.I got the Gold Standard which is the sirloin burger with all the trimings.   I knew the burger wasn't going to disappoint after the first bite of the nicely toasted bun.  You cannot believe how many burger places fail to toast the buns correctly.  The aged goat cheddar was a little too much though I think.   Halfway into the burger and the taste of the cheese was getting old.  It might have been better with just regular aged cheddar.    I did find that adding some horseradish to the burger was a nice compliment to the goat cheese.You'd think a good burger would be easy to make but a lot of places fail.  You want to be able to taste the burger patty, the cheese, the bacon, and whatever else is on the burger both distinctly and as a combination.  A lot of places make their burgers so you can only taste one or two of the ingredients.   Holsteins does a good job of creating a "complete" burger experience  :)The other main attraction of Holsteins is the alcoholic shakes.  They were ok i guess,  none of the shakes really have much alcohol in them so to me these are basically just regular shakes.
4	My friends and I were getting ready to head over to Marquee in the Cosmopolitan, but had to stop somewhere to get our grub on before we get our freak on. We walked by Holsteins and decided to pop in for some burgers and fries.The ambiance was nice and the DJ was spinning some awesome music. We were quickly seated and the waiter took our order. My sister and I settled on the Hen House (has bacon and a fried egg, bam!) while the others got Korean Bull'Gogi (fried egg and lots of kimchi) and The Rising Sun (teriyaki). The waiter was super patient and helpful with us when we tried to decided and even allowed for us to cut burgers in half to share. If you decide for smaller portions, they even have sliders which is a great option for those who wanna keep it light before dancing.The burgers came out with either shoestring or steakcut fries and both were delicious. I think I may have been a fan of the shoestring though as it had a great crisp to it while steakcut had a great potato-y inside. The burgers were cooked exactly how we we wanted (in my case it was medium) and was a big-ass burger. I'm glad I opted to share mine with someone because I wouldn't have been able to finish it on my own. I'd definitely come here in the future to eat if I'm headed to the club since it's right across from Holsteins but I gotta go back next time to try their shakes! They looked great, but something about all that milk and alcohol didn't mix for me, so I decided against it this time around. All in all, I much prefer this joint compared to Burger Bar at Mandalay Bay.
3	This review is strictly for the bar area. We stopped by on a Sunday to catch the 49er game and grab some drinks and light lunch. The bar area has 4 tvs and 2 of them was playing the same game. We asked if we can change one of the tvs to the niner game but the bartender said its not possible. A few minutes later another man sat down by us and asked the same bartender if she can change the channel to the jets game and with no hesitation changed it. I don't get it we were all ordering drinks, onion rings, fries, and sliders so we were paying customers. The jets guy only had one beer and ended up on his ipad not paying too much attention to the game! The cocktails were not strong at all but the fries and sliders were small and nothing spectacular. The other bartenders were really nice and refilled our drinks and cleared our plates right away. They checked on us periodically without being overbearing. Even tho we stayed for the whole game they didn't make us feel like we were getting kicked out.Maybe next time I'll try the restaurant area and hopefully the service and food is much better.
4	Excellent burgers.  Great selection.  Amazing list of milkshakes.  Stop here when you need a break from buffets and heavy dinners.
5	I have lived in Vegas for 10 years.  This is by far the best "high-end" burger place in town.  You can get a beer, burger and fries for under $20.  A real bargain on the strip.  Try the Gold Standard burger, amazing.
4	In a nutshell.. gourmet ingredients and gourmet burgers in a nice hotel.It's true that you're paying for ambience, service, etc.  But make no mistake the food is delicious as well.  We had the Philly Cheez Steak Spring Rolls which seems like an odd combination yet was pretty good.  I had the Longhorn burger with shoestring fries, good flavor and portions for both.  It was a bit pricey for burgers, but reasonable for quality ingredients and considering the atmosphere, etc.Service was decent, nothing out of the ordinary (either good or bad).  The wait wasn't long (though we were there on a Monday night for dinner).  All in all, I'd go back next time I'm on the strip.
4	Please don't pay attn to the negative reviews of people comparing this place to a place like in n out. If this is a mediocre burger, please tell me where I can find a real gourmet burger. Holsteins is great. Bottom line. Had a Kobe burger with bacon and cheese, cooked perfectly. Everything was fresh and delicious including their home made ketchup which is the best I've ever had. To the person complaining about the waitress not cutting your burger in half... That is why they give YOU a knife. By the way, it took me all but 3 second to do it myself. The vanilla shake, no alcohol, was unreal. Has little vanilla malt balls I think which add great texture. It's not cheap, and service is hit or miss(which is why 4 out of 5)but none of that matters once you bite into one of these burgers. Like I said earlier, please don't pay attn to the very few who have eatin in n out (a decent burger) and red robin (ok for a chain) there entire life and compare everything to that. There is no comparison.
3	Ok - the food here looks good, the space is modern and inviting, but the burgers (what they're supposedly known for) are just okay. If you read my reviews on a regular basis, you know I'm a big burger fan, so take it from me. While Holsteins' burgers look mouthwatering, taste-wise, they are nothing special. I really wanted to love this place because I had awesome experiences at just about every other restaurant I tried in the Cosmopolitan Resort in Vegas, but this one just didn't do it for me. Luckily, the fries that were served with the burger were tasty... and, our friend Denise who was with us ordered a milkshake, which was tasty. Note that, like many Vegas restaurants, Holsteins is a little pricey--especially for burgers.
3	One of the many restaurants at The Cosmopolitan.  Came here for drinks and appetizers.Interesting menu.  Cheddar popcorn is brought to munch on as soon as you sit down.Kettle chips were tasty ... wings were good, order them extra crispy.They had a short rib sloppy joe that sounded delish.. I'll have to try it during my next visit.It's on my list for my next trip to the desert.
4	Must Order:Lobster Mac & CheeseAny of the burgers along with skinny fries or sweet potatoes fries Tip: Add a fried egg on your burger
4	Burgers, shakes, and more burgers....First being a popcorn lover, you can only imagine my excitement when the waitress dropped off some complimentary cheddar popcorn to start our meal! Basically this place is the biz for its gourmet burgers and alcoholic shakes.  I went here twice in one day, that's how much I liked the burgers and shakes.  There's other stuff like truffle lobster mac n cheese and interesting snacks like pizza "twinkies", fried pickles, fried green tomatoes and kalbi beef with kimchee quesadillas.  They also have sliders as well.  I'll def. be back to try these.I had the campfire smores shake and a taste of my friend's drunken monkey shake....both sooooo gooooood!  Rising sun- juicy meat and I surprisingly liked the combination.  Korean "bull"gogi- juicy meat, I liked the flavor of this.  If you like bulgogi, you'll love this.Gold Standard- so I thought this was kinda dry, plus I"m not really into goat cheese so I didn't like it as much.  But my bro loved it.Burgers were pretty decent in size, I was stuffed after one and the guys were satisfied after theirs.  Burgers also come with a choice of shoestring fries or steak cut fries, both were deelish. They also have a pretty decent stocked bar and a selection of beer that my fiance enjoyed.These gourmet burgers are pricey, 13-17.5 bucks.  Shakes are around 11 bucks.  But it's Vegas and the food was great, so in that case I didn't mind!  I recommend checking this place out if you're in the mood for some tasty burgers and shakes...
5	Been to Vegas countless times this year and have eaten at Holsteins no less than 5 times. Food is great, and I think the prices are totally fair for the food. From what I can remember we've tried the chopped salad from the GRAZE menu, meat ball, beef, and there was once some sort of steak and arugula grinders that were highly priced but more than worth it on the TINY BUNS menu, California turkey from the BIG BUNS menu, every type of fries they offer, and a few other things I can't remember... Everything is always shockingly good and our drinks are always stiff. Much love Holsteins.We once had a less than perfect experience which was immediately taken care of by the manager in a very timely, polite and caring way. This is why there are no stars missing from my review... The way our concerns were addressed and taken care of was highly notable and appreciated.
3	I'll give it a 3.5.Came here on a busy night, but was seated rather promptly. The place was hectic with a Dj playing and a gathering crowd lining up outside of the Marquee.The menu has some really good looking things on it, but everything is pretty damn expensive.I went with the gold standard burger and a side of onion rings.The burger was cooked to a perfect medium rare. It was really juicy and rich and had great flavor. All of the accompaniments worked well together, but worth 17.50? Not sure about that, then again it is Vegas.The onion rings were also pretty damn good. Nice batter and seasoning with a great crunch to them. Would get them again..Overall I was pretty pleased with Holsteins. Nothing was amazing or lifechanging, but a pretty great spot for burgers and shakes although you are going to be spending some $$$
4	Read the menu online and had heard a lot of good things about this spot, so I figured I check it out.  Plus anywhere that offers fried pickles on their menu gets a thumbs up from me.  I ordered the fried pickles, a chocolate shake and a Gold standard burger.  Fried pickles.....meh.  It had great texture, but I was looking for a slightly saltier finish.  The herb-caper mayo was really good though.  The chocolate shake, although a bit expensive, was good.  The Valrhona pearls were a nice textural touch.  And now to the gold standard burger.  I loved the texture of the bun and my burger was cooked perfectly.  The arugula was great balance to the sweetness of the tomato confit.  The flavor of the beef really stood out.  The shoe string fries were very good too with great crunch.  Very well executed burger.....expensive......but good
5	Kim-chi burger was awesome!
4	My friend had gotten kicked out of Marquee night club, so I had walked her down to the entrance, consoling her as we stumbled down the stairs. We came across Holsteins, and I decided it was probably best if I had gotten some food/water in her stat.Sat down on one of their plush chairs, and though it was close to closing, the waitress kindly served us our fries and water.Can't say much about their food (Though the fries and dipping sauce were delicious) but the service was impeccable. I'll definitely have to come back to try more items on their menu at an earlier point during the day and a less inebriated state.
4	Been to Holsteins about 4 times now, and the Rising Sun burger is my fave burger so far; tasty, crispy, slightly salty, and overall yummie! The Gold Standard burger had too much going on, and it fell apart after a couple bites. And the Korean 'Bull'gogi, with kimchee slaw, actually tasted sweet instead of spicy that kimchee is suppose to be. As far as the spiked shakes, I had the Frozen Grasshopper which was sweet and not very 'spiked.' And the service is quick, and the atmosphere is loud and bar-like.
4	We (6 people, all sharing) had the Steak House Burger with steak-cut fries and the Rising Sun with shoe-string fries, calamari, thick cut onion rings, Lobster bisque sliders, coke, arnold palmer, and a drink that starts with a "b" that I can't remember right now... but it tasted like beer and apple cider. The bill (comes with gratuity for 6 people) with a little extra was $114.Good:+ Food: Everything was tasty, juicy, flavorful, delicious. Everything looked beautiful as well, and the table comes with (instead of a basket of bread) a bucket of bbq popcorn. How fun! It was a great non-filling munching snack too (because you'll definitely want to save room for the delicious food).+ Atmosphere: Very energetic, fun, a little colorful with a life-size hot pink cow statue... and very warm.  A good place to come with a group of people.+ Service: Our server, Chaz, was super nice and shared a great story of how he was carded even though he's a super-tall guy.  He was quick, friendly, and very attentive.  Also, other servers we didn't know came by and picked up the empty plates fairly quickly.Bad:- Price: I would come here to try it once, which I did and I am glad I got to taste such a high-end delicious burger! But, really, a $16-$20 burger is craziness. Worth trying, once or twice! But craziness.  This is not a place for the kids (unless you're ready to spend more) because they probably won't even appreciate the high-quality burgers--I was a kid once, and honestly, a burger's a burger when I was little!! (And if you're not willing to spend a bit more at this joint, they'll probably go hungry.)Overall, I really enjoyed my experience here, and I'd come back if I felt like splurging.
4	Did someone say fancy hamburgers and alcoholic milkshakes?  This is the definitive upscale Vegas burger joint with a pricey menu and coffee table dining arrangements.  Sure you could go across the street and stuff your face for 1/10 of the price at Fatburger, but you wouldn't feel sexy like you do here.From the high class cheddar popcorn served in a stainless steel bucket to the wildly over priced beers on tap, you can rest assured you're dining on the Vegas Strip when you pay the check.Everything we ordered was on a level above.  From the perfectly cooked thick cut bacon to the freshest avocado that tasted like it came straight from your mother's garden.  Just reading the menu will have your mouth salivating and anyone who loves food will appreciate the interesting and creative combinations displayed in their menu.It was a tough decision but I went forth with the Gold Standard.  How could I pass up an awesome dry aged beef sirloin burger with smoked bacon, aged goat cheddar cheese, tomato confit, baby arugula, and garlic-chive aioli?  Oh man, my mouth is salivating just thinking about it!The French fries were fresh and the attention to detail was impressive.  Our food arrived in perfect photogenic state and we didn't hesitate to flash a few photos of those beautiful burgers to honor the day.  Taking time to masticate our fine fare and truly savoring our meals only added to the experience.  A few beers later our very attentive wait staff had us mulling over the dessert menu.  Any other meal with a lesser burger and dessert victory would have been mine.  However, this burger deserved to be tasted the rest of the night.Here's to expensive burgers!  Cheers!
4	The colorful graffiti art is a little in-your-face & is so trendy, it'll be out of style by the time I post this review, but it fits just right into The Cosmopolitan. Glamourous-sounding burgers, shakes with a shot of alkie (because last night's bender was not enough) & fashionable items like pork belly & lobster rolls...it's so been there, done that. The menu is so unapologetically predictable but I can't say I'm disappointed. Our meal before flying home consisted of:-- 'bam-boozled shake' brown cow ($11): whipped cream vodka, root beer, vanilla ice cream & pop rocks. Reason for 4-star rating.-- black & white shake ($8): comes with an extra tumbler. Yummy! -- fried chicken fingers & waffles ($11): horrid! I've had better at Denny's. Everyone's got their version of this comfort-food fave, but please do it right. -- 'tiny buns' Maine lobster roll ($16.50 for 2): the chive aioli overpowered the dish. Loved the cute, tiny hot dog buns. -- 'tiny buns' pork belly bun ($9 for 2): I wanted to try, but after bf showed me the sheer amount of fat, I couldn't do it. Yes, animal fat scares me. (sidenote: BF prefers chairman bao.) Four stars because I love the idea of 'tiny buns,' & because I want to try every single alcoholic shake on the menu. Like I said, predictably trendy, but it's got me interested.
5	Let me start off by saying that I can't wait to come back here. I love all the starters and tiny buns - oh and lets not forget about the milkshakes! Okay okay - I am getting ahead of myself..let's start at the beginning.I came here with a co-worker and we decided to get a bunch of plates to share. We had the following (listed in order by favorite):1-Lobster Mac & Cheese - Lump chunks of lobster in a decant creamy mac and cheese sauce. My mouth is watering just thinking about it.2 - Pizza Twinkie - mozzarella cheese and pepperoni in a twinkie type of dough - deep fried with tomato dipping sauce. Grown up pizza rolls - Yum!3 - Fried Pickles - Nothing more to say - they speak for themselves.4 - Lobster Filet Tiny Bun - Two tiny burgers that are made with filet mignon and topped with lobster. 5 - Blue Cheese Kettle Chips with French Onion Dip - These were a bit average. Would not get these again. I could have bough the chip and made the onion dip at home for the same or less price.We then moved on to the best part...the HUGE milk shakes (I couldn't even finish it and I love me some ice cream :-) Try to Oreo or Pumpkin - Out of this world delicious!!
3	The deco of this place is pretty neat - a bit hipster, a bit modern. For the food, we had:1. For the life of me, I cannot remember the shake that I got. But it was VERY delicious! It was an alcoholic one, and consisted of some kind of passion fruit alcohol/schnapp, vanilla ice cream, and DRY ICE. It was very good and refreshing. If you're looking for more of a milkshake, don't get this one, as it wasn't thick and creamy. It was refreshing though, and not too sweet, which was amazing.2. Kimchi quesadillas - As someone who is from LA and very used to Korean food, I was expecting an exotic quesadilla with spicy kimchi. However, the kimchi tasted a bit sweet, and was not what I was expecting. Just a mess of oily goodness, if you ask me.3. My boyfriend got the "Rising Sun" burger, and it was pretty good. The best part of it was the tempura avocado, which was something I've never heard of before! It definitely gave the burger a little something special, and with the tender patty, it was a good complement. However, it wasn't that big, and my boyfriend was still starving afterwards.4. I just got the "Greener Pastures" salad, which is a basic salad. Nothing special about it at all; although they gave me avocados, they were a bit raw.The price was about $60 for 2 people, but hey, its Vegas, what do you expect? Was pretty good comfort food, but definitely can get better elsewhere!
4	Great burger joint that has excellent burgers and shakes.   Had the gold standard burger and it was fantastic.  One of the best restaurants in the hotel
5	Out of all the places we experienced this trip to Vegas, this was by far the most memorable, happy and delicious dining experience we had!    Let me just say I'm a huge Top Chef fan.  Also a huge Yelper.  So I had done a lot of research before our trip to Vegas, and this was on my top 3 list to experience on this adventure.  Having been a fan of Carlos on Top Chef (darn those macaroons that did him in), I really wanted to try his restaurant and husband liked the sounds of burgers and shakes.   So, early on a Monday night, we stepped into Holsteins, was greeted warmly and shown to our table.  Waitress was quick and friendly.  Service could not have been better.  We were brought some bbq popcorn to start (neat touch)...I ordered a glass of wine (sorry, know it should've been a shake, but I knew I could count on Husband for that and he did indeed order the Birthday cake one).  Having eaten at Wicked Spoon earlier in the day, we opted to share a burger.      THE STEAKHOUSE BURGER* / 16.5BEEF PATTY CRUSTED WITH BLACK PEPPER, HOLSTEINS CREAMY STEAK SAUCE, MARMALADE ONIONS, TOMATO CONFIT, WILD MUSHROOMS, SWISS CHEESE.    I asked that the mushrooms be served on the side for my husband as I don't do mushrooms.  (no problem).  He chose shoestring fries for the side.     I asked the waitress if the "Top Chef" happened to be there on a Monday night?  (surely he would not be?)  She said she didn't know but would check.  Next thing I know he's not only there but coming out of the kitchen to meet us!  What a delightful friendly guy!  AND he informed us that he had hired Craig from the same Top Chef series.  Yep.  A little while later Carlos came out with Craig!  Husband took my picture with both of them!  Oh my gosh, I'm such a geek, but geez these guys worked their tails off on that show and I so respected them and appreciated them for it.  And now I was not only meeting them but eating their food!  This burger was the best burger I've ever had (sorry Bobby Flay, you've finally been surpassed).  And fortunately Husband's shake made him so full he couldn't finish his half of the burger so I got it.  (waitress later told us that it had FIVE scoops of ice cream in it).    So, full, dessert was mentioned.  I said we were full but had heard about the donuts.  No they didn't serve them any more except with a particular drink.  I expressed sadness to not be able to try it.  Next thing I know, here comes two donut holes, one for each of us, with a cream filling...maple and BACON.  YUM YUM YUM.    THANK YOU Holsteins for our favorite dining experience on this trip to Vegas!  Excellent waitress (sorry I can't remember your name), thank you too and Carlos and Craig, please know you MADE our trip to Vegas this time!
4	I got a salad. *Slaps forehead* Tasted hubby's burger it was phenomenal. Next time I'm getting a burger.
5	A bit of yelp research led us to have a late lunch at Holsteins during our trip, and we were definitely not disappointed.It was a Monday afternoon, around 2pm, so it wasn't too busy. We chose to sit in the lounge and I was surprised that our service was much better than foursquare told me it would be - our waitress was quick with menus and water, and our food came out of the kitchen at a pretty standard speed.We started with a Drunken Monkey and a Black Cow. My bf is notoriously picky about milkshakes, and claims that the Monkey is the best milkshake he's ever had. I doubled checked because that seemed like a big claim for him, but he stood by it. Both shakes were really delicious, and my Black Cow didn't seem too boozy, but it must've had plenty of that cherry vodka, because I could taste cherry pretty well. The menu seems to have been adjusted from the one on their website, I think a few of the shakes were different but not the ones we wanted, so it didn't really bother me.We also ordered the pizza twinkies - it was either that or fried pickles, but we can get those everywhere in Florida, so we went with what would be more unique. They were really yummy, and the marinara dipping sauce was also delicious.Burger-wise, I had the Rising Sun and the bf had the Gold Standard, both cooked medium. The Rising Sun did not disappoint from the rave reviews online - their teriyaki sauce was freakishly delicious,  and the spicy mayo was just the right amount of spicy (the two mixed together were amaaaazing on my fries). The avocado was a little unwieldy, and I would have preferred a few thin slices. I didn't think the avocado needed to be tempura'd, either, but I guess I get the appeal.  The Gold Standard was almost completely devoured by the time I got a bite, so I guess he enjoyed it. Both the shoestring and the steak fries were awesome, I couldn't stop eating either of them. Super crispy and delicious.I can't think of any reason to give Holsteins less than 5 stars besides the price (a bit high for burgers but honestly reasonable for the Strip) and the fact that there isn't one in Orlando.
3	The restaurant outside of Marquee you always see but never notice. Delicious burgers. EXPENSIVE. But delicious. Alchy-fied milkshakes weren't really that strong. We have a friend who gets buzzed from half a beer, and after one of these shakes when he was still going strong we knew the truth. But we didn't really care.
3	The place is loud, the beers are delicious, burgers were OK, and the prices are for the high rollers. Fries were ok
4	Yum!! I loved the menu at this place. The cosmopolitan was interesting! We had menu items like pizza twinkies, chicken and waffles, and a burger with fried avocados and sweet potato onion straws. They also had blue moon seasonal available as well as a variety of other interesting microbrews. Very little wait to accomodate a group of 5 on a Friday night. My only complaint was for a casino/restaurant in vegas, they had tiny bathrooms with only 1 toilet.  Lots of people are drunk and drinking in vegas and I wouldnt want to have to wait in line to go to the bathroom, although I am sure there are others close by. Oh and we were not allowed to take our drinks in that we ordered at the chandelier bar across the hall while we waited. We had to suck them down quickly in order to be seated.
5	Try the raising sun burger - its good stuff
5	Phenomenal. Burgers were tasty and offered a variety of toppings. I ordered the "Hen House", a burger topped with bacon and fried egg. Awesome. Each burger comes with the option of steak or shoe-string fries. Our table had both and the shoe-string were better.Beer, beer, and more beer. There is a TON of craft beer available on tap and in bottles. Enjoyed the place so much, I went twice during my visit to Las Vegas. Second time was just for the beer.This place is a MUST for lunch, dinner, snack, beer, etc.
4	----------LUNCH ONLY---------Great burger & shake place that really leaves you feeling super full (great if you're about to hit the pool and show off that big belly that this place will leave you with). For the shakes, we ordered the black cow and oreo. Both delicious, both can leave you super full just because it's full of heavy goodness. Also ordered the California Turkey chock full of sprouts, tomato, avocado, pepperjack cheese, etc. DELICIOUS. Seriously, who knew a place could really do a burger well?
3	My overall feeling for Holsteins in a sentence: Its alright, but not worth the price.I ordered their Rising Sun burger, which  contained a kobe beef patty in teriyaki glaze topped with furikake, crispy yam, spicy mayo and tempura avocado. I thought the burger was overcooked, which ruined the texture of the kobe beef patty.  The spicy mayo was ok and not spicy so if you're not into spicy food you'll do fine with this burger.  I thought the tempura avocado was interesting.  The avocado was nice and soft with a nice crisp tempura coating.  It's a good burger but I don't think it was worth $16.50.  I probably would try a different burger if I dine here again.
3	Let me start by saying everyone I was with loved this place.  We had a 4-star experience, but I really didn't like my food so -1 star.I wasn't so wild about it, but they offer a VEGAN burger (the Urth Burger) on their menu so kudos for being vegan inclusive!  It's kind of an odd texture, more like felafel than a veg burger.  Unique is a good word.  It was okay.  I'm pretty sure its made of mostly chickpeas and corn.  The shoestring fries were pretty amazing though.Also, the alcoholic shakes are pretty excellent.  Unfortunately only one works for the dairy free crowd.  The smoking passion (or something like that) is Hangar One Mandarin Vodka (see my review on St. George Spirits in Alameda, CA... Hangar One is prob the best vodka I've ever had) and lemon sorbet.  Very tasty.Definitely a decent choice for a vegan dining out with meat eaters.
5	I can't believe it. I thought it was amazing the first time I went.IT GOT BETTER.This was my birthday dinner choice, and I did not make it lightly. This time I had the Hen House (burger with fried egg). SO GOOD. And this time took a chance with the alcoholic milkshakes. I had the "Birthday Cake" (appropriately), which had cake-flavored vodka. Did you know cake-flavored vodka existed? NEITHER DID I!!!! The roomie had Captain Crunch, which, yes, has bits of Cap'n Crunch cereal in it.The staff was amazing and friendly, even more than usual. It was a busy Friday night, with the Rodeo in town and Marquee getting ready to open for the night, but the servers made our table feel like the most important one. They even brought out jello shots for our table AND desserts for my birthday!I can't say enough great things about Holsteins. For the dollar, the atmosphere, and the food, it ranks in my opinion as the best restaurant at the Cosmopolitan.
4	I am debating between giving this place a 3 or a 4 star, but I am feeling generous given the outstanding service we received. The food is just ok. I guess I was expecting an amazing hamburger and it was just very regular. I didn't enjoy the bun at all and felt the toppings were a bit lacking. I ordered the "Bull-gogi Burger" and was expecting a flavor explosion, but it just wasn't. Just a little blander than I was expecting. Still a pretty tasty burger cooked well, but nothing I'm dying to go back and try again. My black cow alcoholic float was pretty good, but honestly I think I would have preferred it without alcohol. The fries were so-so. I got the steak fries, but they were really more like wedges and I wasn't really a fan of the seasoning. I tried my fella's skinny fries and preferred them. It was my friend Ryan B's birthday, so we received a free round of jell-o shots and a plethora of outrageous desserts that none of us had room to eat. I tried the carrot cake and the funnel cake and they left a lot to be desired. They just didn't pack the punch I had been hoping. There were interesting, but if you're going to be interesting at least try to make them tasty. The carrot cake was shaped like a carrot and was a super cute concept albeit somewhat phallic. It was paired with carrot ice cream, but I really wasn't feeling it. The funnel cakes were topped with ground up cereal, but I would have preferred a fruit or creamy topping.All in all, the service was amazing. Our servers were friendly and very helpful. That alone raised their star-rating. As for the food, it's pretty standard. The burger was pretty good, maybe if I tried different toppings, it would be better.
4	Right across from marquee, holsteins is one of the best burger places I've ever visited.  I had the hen house with a side of sweet potato fries.  Both dishes were amazing.  I've heard the milkshakes are amazing as well and will look to try it on my next visit.
4	Stopped in Holsteins for lunch today - there was about a 30min wait around 2P but I snagged a spot at the bar and ordered there. The Gold Standard burger was delicious! The sweet potato fries were sweet potato fries. The bartender suggested I try a banana bread beer, which I opted in on without considering the price - $14 NOT worth it at all, didn't notice the price until I got the bill at the end. I'd rather have a nice glass of wine. Next time, I know to ask before just agreeing. Seriously, that beer was almost as much as my $17.5 burger. Service was good, food came out quick. This was my second time here and I'd definitely return. Good stuff!
2	I would've given this place a 4 star for its juicy burgers and tasty steak fries, but the service totally sucked. There were 6 of us in the party after the half marathon and the  restaurant was probably 60% full, yet we waited 30 min to get seated. The beer I ordered was forgotten and when it did arrive it was not the beer I ordered. Our waitress didn't even say "thanks for coming" after we paid, completely lacking appreciation for our business. May be she'd had a bad day, but still some attentiveness would've been nice to compliment the juicy Korean 'bull'gogi burger that I ordered.
4	Burgers are played out.There, I said it...  It seems like no matter what major city you are in, there's some strong competition on who has the best burger.  It isn't as if we see the same thing with who has the best beshbarmak (go ahead and look it up, edu-ma-cate yourselves), right?But with that said, I must admit, I'm a bit of a burger fiend.  I do love me a good burger.  Always medium rare, and I also tend to look for interesting topping combinations to see how creative the kitchen is.This is where I've been going wrong all this time.You see, something needs to be said and credit needs to be given to the places that honor the burger for what it is SUPPOSED to be.  A patty made of ground beef served between two slices of bread, usually in bun form.  Toppings are typically added to compliment the meat and bread combination.  That's it.It is with that in mind that I have to say Holstein's does a pretty mean burger.Their meat is spectacular.  Maybe the best beef patty out there.  Assuming they use their namesake breed, I can tell you that the beef is very flavorful, and yet holds up in its patty form without being too greasy.We split two orders with the notion of being able to taste a couple of their burgers.  Both were quite nice, and had pretty simple toppings.  The bun is notable since it has a lovely glaze on it and holds up well to all the juices that come off the patty and toppings.  The meat, as noted before, is the star.  Toppings, at least in our case, were more like condiments that complimented the beef rather than over powering the flavors.In a way, very simple, but done correctly.It also needs to be said that the Frozen Grasshopper is amazing.  Imagine a Shamrock Shake with booze in it, except it still just tastes like a better version of the Shamrock Shake.  Got it?  Yep- it's really good...Beer selection is a'ight.  Prices are a bit steep compared to many "gourmet" burger joints, but PLEASE REMEMBER where the hell you are.  Does ANYTHING come at a "reasonable" price on the Strip?  When you consider that fact, I'd say Holstein's actually is a very reasonable place to grab a meal.
3	Was conflicted between here and In-N-Out for my burger craving. Ordered The Classic and a vanilla shake. Service was very good. Food was just okay. Nothing special. Much better gourmet burgers elsewhere. Should have saved my money and went to In-N-Out. If ever in Newport, CA, try the Kobe burger at the Beachcomber if you have the time to wait. AMAZING!
2	I'm a epicurean (foodie) and knows good food, nothing was memorable about the gold standard it was just ok had better burgers from 5 guys the captn crunch shake is sooo good not  enough alcohol for $11 but it can be shared that's a plus. We just added our own shots I had in my purse (wink) The complementary popcorn is wack For $17 burgers this place is overrated. And I wasn't being cheap I was here 12/5/11
2	As a burger lover I was really excited to try this place out after having read all the great reviews.  We came a little after noon and were seated promptly, though it started filling up quite a bit after that.  I ordered the classic burger with cheddar cheese and bacon and split the Campfire S'mores milkshake with my dining companion.  The shake was delicious and the alcohol taste was very subtle which I did not mind.  It comes with some extra in a tin container and was more than enough for the two of us to share.  I was disappointed though that some of the other shakes I wanted to try were only seasonal.   As we were waiting I noticed popcorn being brought out to another table twice.  I had to ask for some after seeing that and our server acted surprised that none had been brought out.  Hmm, wasn't it his job to do it or at least see to it that we got some and didn't he look at our table and see that we had none?  By the time our popcorn was brought out our burgers came out a minute later, so we didn't get to enjoy too much of the popcorn. We were debating as to whether we should split a burger or get our own and in the end we each got our own because from what we could see they looked pretty small.  Turned out we actually could have split one and it would have been enough for the two of us.  Personally that would have been fine for me because I wasn't too thrilled with the burger and have definitely had better.  I usually do not mind pickles in my burger but theirs just did not taste good and I had to pick them out.  The other greens in my burger did not taste good either.  To top it all off I asked for my burger to be cooked well done and it came out pink inside.  My burger came with shoestring fries which were ok.  They were super skinny so at the end of the meal it looked like I hadn't even touched them.  If you are looking for a good burger and fries at the Cosmopolitan I highly recommend the burger at Commes Ca, truly some of the best burgers and fries I've had and for about the same price as what you'd get at Holstein's.  Come to Holstein's for the shakes, but just make sure they currently have the flavor you've been wanting to try.
2	Yes, this place is located in one of the hottest hotels on the strip, and yes, Holsteins atmosphere is equally as  hip. From the creatively named menu items, to the overly fake-eyelashed waitresses, Holsteins really tries to grab your attention.As for the food and service at this place... Meh. I had ordered the turkey burger and a side salad with dressing on the side. When I started eating my burger, I noticed that there was a small white square on my lettuce. The little white square was an expiration sticker that the chef had forgotten to take-off my lettuce leaf before sending the food out. The waitress was unapologetic, but the manager did come over to say he was sorry. Once the food was re-prepared and delivered to my table, the chef had drenched my salad in dressing. I hate being 'one of those customers', but I had to send my salad back to the kitchen. Again, no apology from the waitress.The burger itself was just okay. There was nothing to write home about on the flavor of the meat, bun, or side salad. I've had better elsewhere.While I don't expect my meal to be comped, I did expect something more once I informed the waitress that there was a sticker on my food. Nope, I paid full price for my disappointing meal.Being a local in Vegas, I have my pick of the litter when it comes to burger joints. Holsteins is a place I don't believe I would visit again.
2	There are so many better burger places on the strip.The malts and buffalo chicken dip were unique and tasty.Most likely will not go there again.
4	Mmmmm! I went to Holsteins on a birthday trip to Vegas last weekend based on yelp reviews. As a vegetarian (I eat some fish) I had studied the menu ahead of time to make sure there was enough food for me to eat. I was beyond excited to try the birthday shake and was not disappointed one bit, it was the perfect shake/cake combo! WOW! My friends tried the peppermint and chocolate banana shakes also and they were all fantastic. I'm not sure there is much booze actually in them but I really wanted it more for the shake factor!We ordered some appetizers, I had both the lobster truffle mac and cheese and the calamari, both were excellent. The mac and cheese was amazing, I could have easily ordered that for dinner and been satisfied. After the appetizers I should have called it quits (I was full enough and extremely satisfied) but I decided to order the vegan burger and shoestring fries, the vegan burger was good, piles of avocado on top which I love but the patty wasn't anything special. I've had better vegan patties.....the avocado though was AWESOME. The fries were cooked perfectly also. My boyfriend and mom both had the surf n turf sliders, I did not try these but both of them said they are well worth the price tag.....Overall the prices were decent for Vegas, not too expensive and definitely enough food to fill us up for dinner. I definitely recommend the restaurant!!
4	My favorite restaurant at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.Best bang for your buck!  Gourmet burgers, malt shakes (with alcohol), a great selection of beer and fairly reasonable prices especially since you're in one of the bougiest hotels in the cityIn the 5-6 times I've been here, I've had the hen house burger, rising sun, and steakhouse burger. All are great...make sure you add a fried egg and mushrooms.Careful with the Shakes however, very filling if you get a shake and a burger.  I almost exploded from over eating hereService may be a bit slow, but that's because this place is almost always packed.
3	Aligned with what other yelpers have said the service was below par... The waitress sent out crappy vibes to us the entire night. Our meal started off with her spilling water on one of our friends. Mistakes happen, but what really pist me off was she didn't say sorry right away. Her face had no remorse about the situation and she went to get towels to clean up. Bah. Then later she forgot to get our tables napkins and when she gave us waters she clanked the glass on the table real loud with attitude. Talk about a Debbie Downer. I do not know what this chick's problem was but if I'm going to pay $20 for a burger I expect more. I will say that the manager handled the situation well after my friend spoke to him. He took off his burger and milkshake off our tab. Wowee! The black pepper was so bomb and the meat was perfectly cooked. I love how the pepper gave the burger a kick to it. I also love that the bun was toasted and not soggy. The bun was also really fluffy in consistency. The shoestring fries were perfect. I stole some sips of milkshakes from my friends and the "Birthday cake" was amazing. I would recommend sharing these milkshakes with a friend or you may get diabetes on the spot. I give this place a 4, but -1 * for the waitress with the bad 'tude.
4	I'd love to appoint 5 stars -- but the service was definitely lacking. Situated inside the Cosmo, right across from the Chandelier bar, Holstein's is super modern, bright and spacious.  We put our name in and were told it'd be a 20-30 minute wait. They take your phone number so they can call to tell you -- only I had HORRIBLE reception inside the Cosmo, so I missed the call and returned to the front desk about 10 minutes after they called.  We were seated immediately, which was great.  While perusing the menu, some bacon/cheddar infused popcorn came out in a little metal pail, courtesy of the chef.  There were so many burgers to choose from. We chose the big fat Greek burger and the surf and turf mini-burgers.  Thankfully, we had decided to share because the Greek burger was THE best burger I think I may have ever eaten.  I'm drooling a little bit just thinking about it. Lamb, tatziki, red onion, feta cream... bursting with flavor.  The surf and turf mini-burgers were just meh even with the bearnaise sace. Now, the most shocking part of the menu wasn't their amazing beer selections or even the bamboozled milkshakes -- but that their "fat" fries (as I call them) were GOOD. If you follow me on here at all, you know that I have a strong aversion to anything but shoestring fries for the fry/flavor ratio.  These were perfectly seasoned; I definitely snuck more than a couple from my friends plate. heheBased on the service we received -- I'd suggest not being in a rush to get anywhere or in the mood to order something additional. The girls sitting next to us waited for easy 20 minutes before the server came over to give them their bill after asking for it and then there was a discrepancy.  Only after another 15, they didn't want to wait anymore to deal with it and just called it a loss.  When it came time for us to order another drink, our server was no where to be found.  It was almost a joke. So why would I go here again?  That Greek burger. Seriously - amazing. I'm pretty sure the Korean burger would've been really good too, so I'll go back for the food knowing service is going to be slow.
4	I've eaten here a few times, and I think it's a great lunch spot, especially if you're staying in the Cosmopolitan. I've tried a few of their burgers, but the Rising Sun is by far the best. They also have an amazing selection of beers (both on tap and in the bottle). Service has always been great as well. I would recommend making reservations if you can. It can get busy around lunch time.
3	Would have been 5 stars but they were lacking in the service department.. lol. So when you give your name & party number they take your cell phone number so they can call you. Which is awesome because you can still mingle in the casino or if you have a longer wait could even go back out to the strip. They told us 25 mins & I believe it was about that long.. wasn't paying attention.The restaraunt is huge which is good. They were not that busy at all. It was a Friday around 2:30 p.m. buuuuuut for some reason it still took at least 10-15 mins to be greeted & get our drink order taken. Then at least another 10 to get our water. And when all your going to order is water.. that suxs sitting there thirsty & waiting!Ordered Philly Cheesesteak eggrolls for an app. Very tasty & perfectly cooked. the roll part was more like won ton eggroll wrap not the thick kind of wrap. The 'udder' sauce they serve with it compliments it perfectly!Ordered the burger that had coleslaw & bbq pork on it.. YuM! forgot to order chesse on it but didn't even notice. ordered it med well & was cooked to perfection. I had a salad as my side & it was great. Husband ordered ff.. nothing special.No room for dessert.. plus it was my bday so had to save room for cake..lol. But we'll be back for their "boozled" milkshakes :)
4	FOOD:  They start you off with some flavored popcorn as a free appetizer.Campfire Smores Shake (virgin):  A little on the sweet side, but what did I expect ordering smores? I wish they included more than one toasted marshmallow.Crispy Pork Belly Bun:  The pork belly was a bit too dry. It didn't taste very authentic, so this was probably my least favorite dish.The Rising Sun Hamburger:  After looking through yelp reviews, most people recommended the rising sun hamburger, so we ordered it and it was by far the best hamburger. Very juicy and the flavors are just right.Gold Standard Burger:  Not the best hamburger I've ever had, but it was satisfactory. Tomato confit, aged goat cheese, smoked bacon, Garlic Chive Aoili, arugula...you would think it was the best hamburger ever created, but it was just okay. apple Pie A La Mode:  So interesting! They come in these dumpling shapes and you squeeze the frosting out of toothpaste looking containers! Comes with vanilla and ginger. YOu should order it!
4	Burgers are probably one of my favorite foods in the whole wide world. I mean....bread, meat, cheese, and stuff - nothing better than that.I crave them on a regular basis.At least 4 times a day.So while in Vegas, I looked for burgers. And my research was made pretty easy because they are EVERYWHERE. Food trucks, chains, gourmet (hello Hubert!)...you name it. And then I stumbled upon Holsteins reviews, and I read a couple of magic words: spiked shakes.I was sold.Turns out, that was a pretty good choice. Holsteins actually uses the tender meat of its namesake breed of cow/beef and the result is a juicy, flavorful patty of deliciousness.******Nerdy time: Did you know?**********1. Holsteins are little Dutch princesses. Read: The Netherlands are their country of origin. I hear that their mooing is quite harsh to the ears, and they love eating tulips and gouda, but not always together.2. They are the highest milk producers in the world. Hence the MILK shakes, duh. They are the lovely black and white "meu-meu" of my childhood, and I love 'em.3. One of them - Pauline Wayne if you please - was the official pet of President Taft and was allowed to graze on the White House lawn, the lucky bitch.********End of Nerdy TIme***************The sad thing? They are only in Vegas.The good thing? Since you are reading these reviews on Yelp, you are most likely in Vegas and can enjoy without gilt.Hurray!We shared the Gold Standard with dry aged sirloin, smoked bacon, aged goat cheddar cheese, tomato confit, baby aregula and garlic-chive aioli (at a whooping $17.40), and the Steakhouse Burger, a patty crusted with black pepper, Holsteins own creamy steak sauce, marmelade onions, tomato confit, wild mushrooms and Swiss cheese. And people, that was pretty close to perfection. Great combination of flavors, a medium rare meat at its best, crispy fries and a Grasshopper milk shake.....aahhhhh....Leave your calorie counter at home, in the hotel room or in your pocket. Just enjoy.
5	Unbelievable Burgers! And One of the best beer list I've ever come across! I highly recommend the Gold Standard or Rising Sun Hamburgers!
3	This was my third time here. The service was not like it was before. Our server had too many tables and wasn't able to properly serve. The fried pickles are amazing!One thing that I really dislike are the buns. They seem very cheap and store bought, definitely not fresh. I would love to have a few different bun options, such as wheat or sour dough. For a $50 lunch before tip I feel a little short changed.
4	Finally found a legit burger place in Las Vegas.This past weekend was a early birfday celebratory weekend for my 23rd. For lunch, I decided to try out Holsteins, which is located right outside Marquee of Cosmopolitan.  The restaurant atmosphere and decor was wonderful. There is a bar area. Lounge area with big chairs and couches. Inside were tables and booths.Food: All the burgers looked good. I ordered the Rising Sun. Fried avocado, a south Asian sesame dressing with julienne carrots, spicy mayo, burger cooked medium. Comes with steak wedges or shoestring fries but instead, $2 for sweet potato. The burger was great! Perfect portion, and fried avocado did it for me. Service:Services could have been better with more attention on guests, quicker refill on water, and corrected orders. My friend's burger was cooked too well however, the server took it back and brought over a new one.  Overall, I loved the atmosphere. I loved the food. AND I loved the company. The price is a little pricey though. 15+
5	Holsteins is the best!
4	Nom Nom Burger: delicious. Potato chips on a burger. It was such a guilty pleasure.I also had an Oreo alcoholic shake with Bailey's, but didn't feel ANY alcohol in it...
3	We came here as we were staying at the Cosmopolitan.  This is a gourmet burger place.  I like their idea of selling shakes with alcohol. The wife had the surf & turf mini burgers and I had a burger with Kobe beef, potato chips and cheddar cheese (can't remember the name of the burger). We also had the Oreo shake with Baileys and kettle chips with blue cheese and French onion dipping sauce.  The surf & turf wasn't very good as it had this tiny piece of lobster with beef tenderloin.  The Kobe burger was good with a nice crunch from the potato chips but it feel short compared to other gourmet burgers I've had.  The Oreo shake was good but had very little alcohol.  A beer would've been better with the burger rather than the milk shake.  The potato chips were a good starter for our meal.  I'm glad we tried this place but not sure if we would come back.
4	Buffalo chicken dip is great. Burgers are great and really fresh vegetables. The steak fries are better than the shoe string fries. The two of us spent about $60 for an app two burgers and a beer each.
4	didn't plan on eating here but didn't do me any wrong after deciding to eat their delicious burger and yummy fries. they have one of the best burger in the strip and its absolutely one of the best burger ever since my boyfriend finished it all. shoe string fries were yummy like no other. their ho ho dessert, presentation is pretty and the taste divine. all and all place is an a+. may i add, instead of giving you bread...they give popcorn. something new is always grrreat :)would come back here!
5	Yes, they are amazing. Go. Don't read anymore. Just do it.
4	Located pretty conveniently inside the Cosmo. We had about a 20 minute wait, which is bearable. You can get some gambling at the casino downstairs, just remember to not lose your life savings. The Rising Sun burger with the Kobe beef is tremendous. It is juicy and flavorful. My only knock on it is I wish it had something sweet to go along with it like a tomato. The avocado adds a nice touch to it though.  The fries were good but nothing exceptional. Definitely come here for the burgers. I didn't get a shake but I assume it's good if it's in the name. Would definitely come back if in Vegas. P.S. Add a fried egg. Makes everything better.
4	Yum! Nice lunch location. Great fries! I had the California burger and its was delish.
3	For a quick meal + drink at The Cosmopolitan, Holsteins does the trick. Big caveat up front is that we dined at 11 pm and I didn't have a burger per se but still, it was a decent meal. Because it was that late, service was speedy and attentive. The in-house DJ was a little loud though which made conversations a little tough. I really only needed a snack so I ordered a crispy pork belly slider (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/P7pxQFqr7yBKMMI2J51udw?select=iFmsSniZf-3AgCH-ZYZakA), or tiny buns as they call them here. The fatty pork belly had a nice char on it and the pillowy steamed buns (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/P7pxQFqr7yBKMMI2J51udw?select=MCPdx_nHJ4JSD0a_3LLQ3w) served as a great receptacle to handle said meat. I thought there was a heavy hand on the hoisin sauce but all in all it was a pretty good combination. My friend had the carbonara chicken burger (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/P7pxQFqr7yBKMMI2J51udw?select=VQxHmfVC8yd988No1srqUw) and he thought it was alright. They do have a good selection of beers here though. I started with the Tripel Karmeliet from Brouwerij Bosteels on tap and it was a crisp triple with hints of citrus, florals, and ummm banana (to me at least). Next I had a Leffe, also on tap. I thought the Leffe tasted a little off... as though it was slightly diluted but it might have been a result of the Karmeliet before. All in all, if you want an elevated meat between two buns plus good booze, Holsteins is a good choice if you're at the Cosmopolitan.
4	Delish! Our fave spot for a burger on the strip used to be BLT burger at the Mirage. But after some hype about Holsteins from some friends we decided to give it a try when we were in Vegas. Fabulous spiked shakes and burgers! We have a new fave! The Kobe beef was amazing on both of our burgers... We had the NomNom and Korean Bullgogi and would recommend both! for shakes we did the drunken monkey and grasshopper which I would also recommend! I would probably give it 5 stars but I typically only give a 5 when a place exceeds my expectations!
4	The best fried pickles we've found!! They come with some fried olives and capers too. The Greek Burger with lamb and fetta is to die for as well as the little brat's with the best unground mustard I've ever had. Exellent selection of beers too!!
5	Best service & casual dining in the Cosmo by far!!!!
5	Far better than Umami burger! We tried both the Gold Standard (vegas's version of FO burger) and the Rising Sun.  The Gold Standard didnt have a chance when compared to FO's burger, but the rising sun was a different and very delicious. We even added an egg to it and it was AWESOME. The spicy mayo and the tiny fried yam straws gave it the WOW factor. I definitely recommend coming here if you're in Vegas and try the alcoholic shake too. The cereal bowl was good!
5	This past Monday my gfs and I dined here for the first time... Everything tasted amazing, the service was excellent. Mike Sanchez was our server and super friendly, prompt, made great suggestions on what to order.. Let me say, the Lobster mac n cheese, fried pickles, calamari, Urth Burger with sweet potato fries, and a Captain Hook burger with a salad was what we all shared and it was superb... Everything had amazing flavor, very addicting.. If you're looking for drinks, try a strong rita... jalapeno infused tequila drink very tasty, not too sweet, my girlfriend ordered a shake which I've been told are the best.. The atmosphere is comfortable, nice, welcoming, and fun. I'd definitely visit this place again.. It was very convenient to dine here before we went to marquee..
3	Too pricey! I couldn't taste ANY alcohol in my wife's birthday cake shake, it tasted good though. The burger a "bigbun" wasn't so big at all! My wife got kogi beef quesadilla. She thought it was awesome! It looked very good, she also got pizza twinkies. I didn't quite get the concept.  I've had waaay better gourmet burgers @ other chains. Fries weren't very good & they didn't give you very many.  There's no shortage on spuds last time I checked.
4	We dropped into this Las Vegas hot spot prior to going to a show to grab a quick bite and catch up on the sports news for the day.  For the latter you'll need to sit at the bar which is exactly what we did.  Their beer and wine list is extensive as are the number of tap options at the bar.  I went for a bottled brew instead selecting one of my favorite tangerine ales instead of trying something new.Their menu features appetizers, tiny buns which come two per order, big buns and milkshakes galore including a long list of boozed-up ones.  I was feeling a bit shaky, but my short supply of lactose intolerance tablets on myself made me put aside that idea of having the shakes for the night.  I stuck with my Lost Coast ale.Pork belly buns, mini lobster rolls and tiny Chicago dogs seemed like popular picks in the Tiny Buns section, but I wanted something more substantial so I picked out the Korean "Bull"Gogi burger from the Big Buns section.  This was a burger glazed in a sweet soy sauce, topped with kimchee slaw, slathered with chili mayo and topped off with a fried egg.  The burgers come with seasoned skinny fries or steak fries.Their kitchen works fast here as a short wait later we were already chowing down.  My burger (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/P7pxQFqr7yBKMMI2J51udw?select=fBXXyjMoAlX3NvotKQLd-A) sat in a pool of glaze and it appeared the yolk on my fried egg was runny.  For a split second I considered picking up the knife and fork, but who doesn't eat with their hands while sitting at the bar?  On my first bite the yolk burst out of its egg white home and coated my face and fingers in hot yolky heaven.  There was no turning back at that point; I was going to finish this burger using my hands even if the entire thing fell apart.  It didn't by the way as the soft bun was one of the sturdiest I've ever held in my hand even soaked in with burger juices, sweet glaze and egg yolk.The burger itself I'm thinking maybe a half pound of quality beef was cooked to a perfect medium and bursting with juice.  Considering how many ingredients were added to this burger the beef really stood out as that was the main component I kept tasting.  The kimchee slaw was nice and crunchy, but the chili mayo really provided no kick to the overall flavor of the burger.My seasoned steak fries while generous in portion size were a bit too salty for me.  I loved my burger though just as my friends loved their mini pork belly buns and mini hot dogs.
4	My bff and I recently stayed at the Cosmo and visited Holsteins twice. Here's how it went for us:Day one - Bff had just finished running the Las Vegas Rock 'n' Roll Marathon, so we were in no mood to be messing around. Vegas was crazy-crowded, and we had no reservations, so we expected to wait quite some time. I was pleasantly surprised when our beeper went off after only 15 minutes.  I started with an Absolut dirty martini (the best way to judge a decent bar), and it was very good!    Then I ordered The Classic with blue cheese, and had no idea what type of fries to order. I panicked and went with steakcut.  The burger was excellent; big, thick and juicy, with a bun that was just the right size and a good amount of cheese. The fries were good, but nothing spectacular.Day two - Bff and I both had some things on the menu that we wanted to try, so back we went.  Absolut dirty martini? Yes, and though it was a different bartender, it was again excellent. This time we were prepared for an appetizer, and agreed on the pizza twinkies out of sheer curiosity (and a mutual lifelong love of pizza).  They were a revelation; crispy bread surrounding melty cheese with a delicious tomato relish-type dip.  Truly great.  Then we both ordered a burger. I can't remember the name, but it was a thick burger between a layer of kettle chips and thousand island dressing. It was awesome. We ordered the shoestring fries and were again underwhelmed, so we ordered a side of onion rings. THOSE. WERE. EXCELLENT.To summarize, I would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone in the vicinity. The only thing keeping me from awarding it 5 stars is that I found the service to be rather slow and indifferent. On both nights it took them quite awhile to check in with us once we were seated, and even longer to make sure we were ok once we had our food.
4	I stopped in here with a friend while in Las Vegas in early December. We actually tried to go to the Wicked Spoon buffet, but it had just shut down to flip over to dinner, so we wound up at Holsteins, starving to death!I had the steak salad, which is interesting due to it being made with radicchio lettuce, which is a little bit more sour than you would normally expect to see. The service was pretty fast and the waitress was extraordinarily accommodating regarding my order for quadruple steak on my salad.  The environment is a little noisy but not in a bad way. It's just busy and that's kind of the vibe of the place, very upbeat. Having been in enough spots in casinos that are like crypts, this was a welcome change. It's a little pricey but that's Vegas for you...the quality is high enough that you shouldn't be concerned about it.Honestly I wish now that I had had the fully monty, ordering up a shake and a hamburger. I'll definitely be back here again. And this time I'm ordering a burger!
5	Everything stated in my previous review holds true.  I've eaten at Holsteins a number of times, and it has yet to disappoint.
3	It's a nice upscale burger joint / bar.  second floor inside the Cosmopolitan. We ordered fried pickles, French fries, calamari, chicken dip, teriyaki n vegan burger. But they charged $11 for our bday cake and didn't even sing with us. Definitely paying the price for ambiance not for satisfying taste buds. Our bill came out to $80 per person...bit pricey for burgers, no?
4	I loved the burger here.  Yeah, it's a little pricey for a burger but it's on the strip.  With that in mind it is definitely a good place to grab a burger.  I had the burger with chips on it because, who doesn't want chips on a burger?  The fries were great and I'm glad there are multiple choices.  This place has tons of beers, both on tap and in bottles, which is a plus.  I like choices.  We went here with about 8 other people and not one of them had anything bad to say about their burger.
4	"Gourmet" burger joints are a dime a dozen down on the Vegas strip. What makes Holsteins stand out are the milkshakes. They have your average flavors to chose from, but they also have many adult, cocktail inspired milkshakes. What makes a mint chocolate chip milkshake stand out? Add some peppermint schnapps! I had a regular burger, and it was tasty as well. The decor was a nice and open area and the service was what you would expect. I would recommend this place for a nice, quick friend putting anytime!
5	My second time here for a tradeshow, and the first place I suggested to my team was Holsteins! Except I called it 'Shakes n' Moo" cause all I could remember really was the milkshake. Last time I tried the veggie burger. I don't really eat meat. This time, though, I made an exception because the burgers here are so juicy and darn good, I temporarily convert. And for good reason, too. Nothing to say that hasn't been said, I got the aged steak burger and it did not disappoint. I ate the entire thing and didn't feel an ounce of guilt! Yes, gourmet burger. Better than Umami's in LA, better than 25 degrees at the Roosevelt in Hollywood, better than any other burger place I can think of.Try it. Love it. Thank me.
3	As soon as I got to Vegas, the GF and I were starving so we met up with my friend (fellow yelper!) and went down to Holsteins as per his recommendation! We went there around 3-4ish during a football game so it was relatively busy. We had to wait a short time and were immediately seated. The first thing is that we were sitting there for about 15-20 minutes of absolutely no service. I flagged down one waitress to address the issue which she said she would resolve. Another 10 minutes pass and I had to flag down another bus boy which he actually went to our waiter and had him take our order. I understand that the restaurant was busy but 30 minutes without any attention to a table is quite absurd, especially for Vegas status!When the waiter finally arrived, we ordered the Smoking Passion float and a Artichoke Guac to start. Holsteins is known to have their spiked shakes and we had to try one. The smoking passion float came with 2 mango meringues that were made in front of us with liquid nitrogen hence the name "Smoking" Passion float. The shake itself was so sweet that the taste of any alcohol was absent from our taste buds. The Artichoke Guac was a meaty starter with some nice spiced pita chips. It was a great way to start off our meal with some sweetness from the shake and some savoriness from the dip.For our entree, the GF and I split a nomnom burger with a side of steak fries. The nomnom burger was cooked to perfection (Medium) and the steak fries were great. Although the steak fries did remind of a better quality version of potato wedges from KFC. Overall my eating experience was great, the initial waiting experience did turn me off about this place and my friend assured me that this was the first time that this kind of service happened. I'm sure I will come here again but I'm hoping that this waiting game doesn't having again.
5	The Gold Standard burger lives up to its name and more. Possibly the best burger that I have ever had in my life!Their shakes are a fun treat as well. The Apple Pie is one of my faves, with real bits of apple, making it literally taste like they shoved an entire pie in a blender with some rum and ice cream and served it in a giant glass. Also, they give you the extras, so you're really having 2 milkshake glasses instead of one. A tiny girl like me can take one down and be content for the rest of the evening.Here's a fun tip for you club-goers: Head to Marquee early and get your stamp. Once you're in, get your drank/dance on for a bit and then leave to go to Holsteins downstairs for a mid-club snack. When you're done, go back upstairs to Marquee's re-entry line and dance the burger/night away. Best way to spend a night in Vegas.
5	SMORES MILKSHAKE, SMORES MILKSHAKE, SMORES MILKSHAKE. No, but for real... Smores Milkshake. It's on the bamboozling shakes menu, and I may or may not have had it with a double shot of marshmallow vodka, but I can't tell you - what happens in Vegas, after all...
5	The Lobster Mac and Cheese is to Die for, The Buffalo Wings & The Buffalo Chicken Dip are Amazing...and that's just the Appetizer Menu... My favorite burgers are the Gold Standard and the Nom Nom Burger along with their steak cut fries...OMG. the Shakes.... REALLY... by far "The Campfire S'mores"...BEST Atmosphere and Customer Service in Vegas...There's no way I'd go to to the Cosmopolitan and not check out this place.....
3	Like my uncle Dick, this isn't a bad place, just a little bit odd.  It has some good and some not so good (but no restraining orders, okay uncle Dick?)Service was a little disjointed.  A manager type guy came by and said our waiter would be right with us.  Then he came by again and asked if he could get our drink order.  I thought that was great, but then it seemed to take awhile to get our drinks.  Beer selection was very good and reasonably priced.  B/f got the sliders, which he liked.  I had the kobe and potato chip burger which was very good.  Also had the shoestring fries, which I liked but would probably choose the steak-cut next time.We only had to wait a little while for a table but the bar area is weird because you can't stand by the bar because the people in the booths in the bar area (which are really low) then yell at you for blocking the tv.  So that's odd.  Also, the servers wear clothing with suggestive slogans such as "nice buns" or "I eat meat" on them, so if you find that kind of provocative attire offensive, you might want to head across the street to the Harley Davidson Cafe, just sayin'.
1	I ate at this place last week as I was in town for the 2012 ces convention.  As we got there, there were about 4 servers just standing sound doing nothing.  It wasn't busy at all.  We got seated right away and got our drinks.  This place pretty much has only burgers and shakes. I got the original burger and it was very good and very juicy my complaint was not with the food, it was all about the service.  I personally drink a lot of water when I done out like 3-4-5 cups.  I don't know why but I do haha.  Our waiter kept ignoring our table during out ENTIRE MEAL!  He kept on flirting with the bartender the whole time.  I'm a very patient man but this was ridiculous.  If the service wasn't this bad I would have given this place 4 stars easy. All it takes is one bad waiter to ruin my dining experience.  I won't be back.
4	Whenever we go to the Cosmopolitan we try to stop in at Holsteins. The food is playful, but not ridiculously out there. We particularly enjoy trying the various "Tiny Buns" like the Crispy Pork Belly Buns and the Toscana. In fact, We've come to the point where we usually end up ordering one or two snacks, and two orders of mini-buns, a few beer and that's dinner! I find their prices reasonable and our dinner for two with several beer generally comes in at about 75-80$The ambiance at Holsteins is very casual and the bar fills up quite quickly come 7pm, before that, you can usually find a spot. The only time I really am not fond of Holsteins is when there is a sports game on and they charge a minimum for the seating in front of the bar. We are a couple and there is just no way we would consume 200$ worth of beer and food, and we're not big sports people.We've always received attentive service, good food and quality beer recommendations!
4	Hit the spot for our first night in Vegas perfectly.  We were looking for good food but nothing too formal as we were still settling in and had a show to go to that night.  I was having trouble striking the bargain between box chain restaurant and a fancy steakhouse and this fit just right.   Wonderfully good burgers.  I had the gold standard which was juicy tender and tasty. Memory has it around 17 dollars and I think was the most expensive one on the menu.  Also had a drunken monkey shake that I heartily recommend.
5	Visiting Vegas for our annual birthday bash, three of my girlfriends and I decided to skip the club line and head into Holsteins for a quick drink before heading out on the town.  Our bartender, Marcell, provided some of the BEST service I've ever experienced, especially considering it was a Saturday night and a nice little crowd had formed at the bar.  Each of us ordered something completely different and he knew exactly what we asked for and prepared them quickly and perfectly.  As soon as one of us would finish our drink he would politely offer another, we did not have to sit there with an empty glass.  Superb service!!!  Needless to say, a "quick drink" turned into an entire night hanging out at Holsteins, listening to great music, dancing in our chairs, laughing and having one of the best nights in Vegas.  We will definitely come back to Holsteins on every future trip we make to Vegas!!
4	I have been really digging the burger movement that has been sweeping the nation.  Its almost as America is beginning to rediscover their love of the good ole American hamburger.  Of course, the general public is pretty much sick of the standard beef patty, lettuce, onion, cheese, and mayo on a bun.  That's why Holsteins is so much fun.  There is a plethora of tasty toppings, meats and styles that you can add onto your burger to give it that funky kick that is missing from burgers you get at home.  Offerings such as the Crispy Pork Belly Bun, Maine Lobster Roll, Tenderloin Rossini, and Maine Lobster Roll tantalize the taste buds.  I would recommend the Crispy Pork Belly Bun.  Its like eating bacon on crack. If you are at the Cosmopolitan and hungry it is def worth a stroll.
2	The draw to this place was the alcoholic milkshakes. And at $11, I thought they'd be stronger, the food would be better and it would be more enjoyable. We waited a while for a table despite there being many open tables...and when we sat down, the table was dirty. There are plenty of toppings available for your burger, and they include cheeses, and all sorts of things. If you can think of it, it's probably available to put on your burger. However, I was so disappointed that my mom's food was not to her liking that it made me not even want mine. She opted to order the lobster roll as her salad tasted pretty rancid (you could argue that who goes to a place with Buns in the name and orders a salad, but hey....if you just bought me a pair of Louboutins for Christmas, you can order whatever the hell you want!)...and it served as our late night snack. Lobster Mac and Cheese was passable...not enough lobster, weird kind of noodles and extremely salty. The staff seemed to be phoning things in, as I almost had to chase the girl down to pay the check, and once she saw we weren't happy with our food, it seemed like she lost interest...maybe thought we'd take it out on the tip...not sure. I plan on returning to Vegas, but definitely NOT to this place.
3	Overrated, overpriced and completely forgettable.Actually, I do remember a 45-minute wait for lunch, generally slow service and some very mediocre food.  My Rising Sun Burger (Kobe Beef, Teriyaki Glaze, Nori Furikake, Crispy Yam, Spicy Mayo and Tempura Avocado) sounded amazing on paper but was super dry, and surprisingly bland.If you do get a burger, their skinny fries are better than the steak fries.  Pass on the Lobster Truffle Mac & Cheese.  Not worth the price, no truffle flavor and the cheese was runny.  At least the Black & White Milk Shake was good.Hungry?  Go to Secret Pizza located upstairs instead.
2	Very disappointing.Our group came here starving and we were all very excited. Not only did everything look good on the menu, but it was highly rated on Yelp, and our waitress spoke highly of several dishes. We ordered a bunch of things: Calamari, Lobster Truffle Mac & Cheese, Fried Pickle, and several burgers. The majority of the group ordered the Gold Standard, because it was the most popular and it won "Best Burger in Vegas" 2 years and I ordered the Nom Nom Burger.Unfortunately, only the Calamari was good amongst the starters. The Lobster Truffle Mac & Cheese was not cheesy at all and lacking in flavor, the Fried Pickles were okay and I've definitely had better. I did enjoy the Calamari though. It was fried perfectly so it was crispy and I loved the spicy kick in the tomato sauce.Now, for the burgers. WOW. What a major disappointment. We all ordered our burgers medium rare and medium, but they were all overcooked to well done and it was so burnt that all you could taste was the smoky flavors of the charcoal. Definite plus that the patties are grilled over charcoal and has a smoky flavor, but the whole thing is not supposed to taste overly smoky! The taste was so overpowering that we couldn't taste anything else on the burger and all of us were poking at our patties and extremely annoyed.I definitely do not recommend dining here especially since it's overpriced and not very tasty.
4	My gf and I were ready to dance., The crowd trying to enter Marquee was ridiculous.  We entered Holsteins for a quick drink and ended up staying there the whole nite!!! The music was great, our bartender (Marcell) talented.  My mojitos were delicious and well prepared.  My last nite in Vegas was very well spent. Great music, delicious drinks, awesome crowd.  Will def need to eat there next time!! Till next year =)
2	This place sucks..Took way to long to  get our food
5	Best burgers I've ever had!!!Yes, it is a bit expensive ($15 average but includes fries - sweet potoato fries are $2 extra). Their menu is creative and the amount of sauce they use is perfect. You taste every ingredient from the burger and it is soooo satisfying!!!Their beer selection is awesome with many on tap. If you like hard to find/want to try new beer, this is the place for you. Ambience is mellow and great for all groups!Must try while you are in Vegas if you are looking for the best burger!
5	One bite the Rising Sun Burger and you're in beef nirvana.  And one bite is all I got, because my dinner companion, AKA significant other, wouldn't share after that.  But that's ok, although my Longhorn burger wasn't as good, it's no flakeout in the burger department.  Just not as exotic an explosion in your mouth as the traditional Japanese flavors that are perfectly introduced into the western standard that is the burger on a bun called, once again, The Rising Sun.  And let me tell you, this burger planetarian will now orbit around this fabulous burger.The beers are nice and cold and that's what I reverted to after an uber strong margarita on the rocks.  I treated it like a shot, cause at $14 there's no way I'd leave it sitting on the table.  We were seated immediately, the service was fast, extremely friendly and ready to answer any questions we had about the menu.I can't wait to go back, and guess what I'll be ordering next time?  Hai, The Rising Sun.  Arigato Holsteins!!!
2	Service has been very poor each of the three times I've been there.  The food isn't worth the price.
1	Bad service and our burgers tasted like the gas  that was used for the stove. VERY disappointed. Won't be coming back again.
3	We ordered the classic burger, truffle lobster mac and  cheese and red sangria. The service was very good, the burgers and streak fries were awesome, but the mac and cheese was lacking. We couldn't find ANY lobster and no taste of truffle, the server was great and did allow us to send it back and order another item.  The sangria was ok, there was too much soda. Overall, the burgers rocked, and atmosphere was very cool
5	Phenomenal burger, the Gold Standard --the goat cheddar cheese, smoked bacon and the fried egg (a must) atop the best beef burger I have had in years.Awesome burger, the Steakhoise, with the most delicious crust Really delicious shoestring fries, to my mind better than the steak-cut, which seemed overly seasonedBut you really have to have the bamboozled shakes --with that little bit of liqueur flavor to complement, in our case, the Frozen Grasshopper (mint and vanilla with chocolate chips) and the Apple Pie (yeah that would be pieces of apple pie inside the shake!) and I loved the tasty dried apple slice atop the frothy cream.There are over 455 reviews here ---these people can't be wrong.
5	I am local and I still frequent here.  The only thing better than the burgers is the outstanding staff and the excellent beer selection. (I prefer Brother Thelonious) It is not too pricey either, especially since it is in the cosmopoliton.  I only have one suggestion to everyone:  TIP YOUR SERVER !
5	My favorite restaurant in The Cosmopolitan. Everything is amazing. My favorite shakes are The S'mores & The Drunken Monkey. My favorite app's are the deep-fried pizza twinkies and the buffalo chicken dip. After a shake and an app, you will be extremely full so you'll probably have to take a burg to-go. I recommend The Hen House if you like fried egg on your burg, or The Rising Sun if you like Teriyaki sauce. Both are incredible and they still taste good the next day. Which is of great importance to me because left-overs usually don't taste good at all. Ask for Paulina too, she is adorable and will wink at you a lot!
4	My Yelp friend Vi Y. recommended the Watermelon Bubblegum Icee - and I'm glad I listened!  It felt like that time when I needed to look over my shoulder before my dad or mom caught me spiking my drink!  It was such a fun drink with a great grown-up vodka twist - so sweet and refreshing, and definitely made me a happy girl.  Their other bamboozled shakes are just as intriguing and fun - how could you not want to try a grown up root beer float like a Brown Cow (Root Beer, Vanilla Ice Cream, Pop Rocks and Meyer's rum)?As for the food we love to nosh on the small plates here.  There is a maply-sweetness to the batter in the Southern Fried Chicken Fingers-N-Waffles and comes with a small and cute waffle.  The buttermilk sauce definitely doesn't come from a bottle. Some might think this is a small serving but I think it's just right as I get to indulge on something like this without the 2000 calories a full order would have, and still have room to try other menu notables like:Lobster/Truffled Mac and CheeseCrispy Pork Belly bunsShoe string friesSweet Potato friesKorean "Bull"gogi burger  (soy marinated burger with fried egg, kimchee slaw)The huzbeau and I have come here with just the two of us and another time with a party of four, and wait was minimal with no reservations.  But its always advisable to call if you plan on coming here during busy times like before a show (like a lot of people do)!Service was attentive and its a great, casual atmosphere.  The graffiti artwork on the walls is amazing and very classy-urbanesque.  A great stop to make if you're in town - located right behind the beautiful Chandelier bar in the Cosmopolitan.
3	I continue to be mesmerized by the non-burger items and underwhelmed by the service and prices.On my latest visit, there was a group of 8 of us for lunch. They didn't take reservations and wouldn't seat us until everyone in the party had arrived. (Which, ok, I suppose those things are understandable.) Our table was "ready" before everyone in the party had arrived and they said they could hold it for 5 more minutes. I said that was fine, they should be here any minute, and to please let me know before they gave our table away (I was sitting at the bar close to the hostess stand and they had my cell phone number). Well, of course, the rest of the party arrives and I'm informed that they gave our table away and I have to put my name back on the wait list. Needless to say, I was pretty pissed - especially as it had been exactly 5 minutes and they agreed to let me know before giving away the table. After some squabbling, we finally got a table without having to re-wait.I was looking forward to having the Sonoran dogs again, but alas, those were no longer on the menu. Therefore, I opted for the Chicago dogs. They were ok, but not that great and so not worth the money. 2 stars.The blue cheese dusted chips with french onion dip were still awesome. 5 stars. And the buffalo chicken dip was pretty good. 4 stars.Everyone else in the party seemed to enjoy their burgers. Though, no one raved about their burgers.
4	Went here for dinner before hanging out at The Chandelier.  Was hesitant of a burger place (originating from Texas and all), but was pleasantly surprised.  Had the rising sun burger.  Kobe beef with tempura avocado, and I think some teriyaki sauce.  It was great. Not the best burger I've had, but I would definitely eat here again.
3	High End Burgers, but really nothing special. Yes, the Burgers are good, above average if you will. Quality meats, well cooked, decent bread. Fries were lame, thin cut or steak fries. Not knocking the place at all. But based on my burger history, just average
4	Loved it! I looooved their inventive, playful milkshakes! Though I was tempted by the more adventurous concoctions... I'm a simple girl at heart and ended up ordering their version of a rootbeer float. It was taaaasty and the pop rocks sprinkled on top were a fun reminder of the simpler times. And, most importantly, I confirmed that if you drink soda and have pop rocks your stomach will not explode.The burgers are a-okay. Premium, restaurant burgers that are good and some pretty interesting combos. But, in the end, they were just okay. I actually went with the veggie patty. It was pretty tasty. Made in the kitchen, not some boca burger slapped on a bun. But, still... it was just alright. OH. And... TRUFFLE LOBSTER MAC & CHEESE. Yum. We actually asked them to leave the plate with the leftover sauce and... um... used our fries to soak up the bechemal and truffle. SO good.5 star milkshakes4.5 star mac & cheese4 star service and atmosphere3 star burgers= solid 4 overall!
4	High end burgers no doubt. Most cost around $15. But I have to admit, they were very good and cooked perfectly.
4	This place would warrant 5 stars if it weren't so expensive.It's a very typical gourmet burger place.  The burgers are fantastic and there are a lot of unique combinations that work very well.  We ordered the "gold standard" and the "rising sun."  At $17.50 and $16.50 respectively, these were not inexpensive burgers.  The gold standard features dry aged beef with smoked bacon, aged goat cheddar cheese, tomato confit, baby arugula, and garlic-chive aioli; very very tasty.  The rising sun features kobe beef, teriyaki glaze, nori furikake, cirspy yam, spicy mayo, and tempura avocado.  I don't think the kobe added anything flavor wise and unfortunately, probably just adds to the cost of the burger.  The tempura avocado however was amazing.  The batter formed a crisp shell and the avocado inside was nice and creamy.  Om nom nom nom.Are the burgers great?  Yes!  If you think of it as $20+ dinner at the Cosmo, it's not too bad of a deal at all.  Thinking of it as a $20 burger ruins the appetite.
4	It's hard for me to really like a burger but this place has very good burgers! I got the simple cheeseburger and just added avocados and fries ( their thin fries are very good) and I was very satisfied. I can't say it's the best burger I've ever had but definitely in the top!    The manager was also very nice! The waitress had made a mistake with our order ( we were a large group) and he personally came over to apologize and get our order straight. Next time i'm in vegas and craving burgers i'll definitely stop by!
5	As good as it gets for a burger joint.Their Gold Standard burger was exactly what a burger should be. They dry age the beef 21 days. Get it medium as the chef recommends. It's so unbelievably juicy and it melts in your mouth. The burger is simple, no gimmick, no super weird ingredients to put a spin on things. It's a burger plain, simple and perfect.The beer and liquor selection is also top notch. In a town where beer is likely bud, bud, coors, and sam adams, this place differentiates itself with a unique worldly selection that any beer enthusiast can appreciate. Cocktails also were of the crafted nature, taking from the mixology trend and delivering to their customers something unique, tasty and made with attention to detail. Ambiance is great. It's a an open layout with spot lighting on each table allowing you to really enjoy the aesthetics of culinary delight with your eyes before heartily enjoying them with your taste buds.
4	I've dined here twice. And both times were dy no mite!I've had the Gold Standard burger and the steakhouse.I wasn't too crazy about the gold standard, the goat cheese really took away from the flavor of the meat.  which was a pitty because everything else blended so well.The steakhouse was off the charts.  I wish I had a more sophisticated lexicon to describe the party in my mouth.I've also had the oreo shake.  It's pretty filling and will ruin your night of drinking so beware.  but if you just want to taste something awesome and don't plan on wasting brain cells at a local drinkery... then by all means have a shake!  They are freakin dee lish.  And just enough alcohol to know this drink is naughty.I like that they serve popcorn pre meal.  it gives ya somethin to gnosh while you wait to feast your face.The service does lack ambition. The decor is is pretty stunning but then again the whole darn cosmo hotel is a visual buffet of art and splendor.  This is a great place to hang with the guys and get a few drinks while you eat and scope out gorgeous females.I like this place. And I hope to return soon.
5	Great flavorful burger!!!! Well worth the $18. The waitress told me to order the Gold Standard and she was right on the money. The meat was so juicy and flavorful. Do not put ketchup on this burger!!! When they delivered my burger they gave me the great advice of not adding ketchup until I tried a bite. So glad they told me that because it was so delicious without it.I really can't tell you much about the fries. I think I liked them, but I was so into my burger that I couldn't tell you much about them. I actually ordered a Martini to go with this steak burger and it couldn't have been more fitting. The service was great. I decided to sit up at the bar since I was rolling solo. Eating an amazing burger, sipping on a Martini and reading Steve Jobs biography. My most mellow dinner in Vegas ever! Enjoyed every bit of it. I will make sure next time I am in Vegas I visit and bring my friends for the best burger I have had in quite some time.
5	Great burgers, EXCELLENT onion rings, and the shakes are all amazing!!! Highly recommend!
4	If you've been complaining about a lack of good beer in Las Vegas, here's your answer. 24 taps and, unlike Todd English's PUB, they actually *have* the beer they advertise. Milkshakes are to die for. Burgers are respectable, fries are good, prices are reasaonable and the service was outstanding, including offering to bring me a taste of a beer. Good job of  a comfortable place with a plain but not boring menu.
4	I didn't eat here, so I can't speak to the food, but the service was great, and they had a TON of beers.  Price was right in line with Vegas (fucking ridiculous), so you can't really bash it on price.
5	What better way to cure a hangover with some good ol' greasy burgers! These are not your normal burgers, as i  honestly think I ate the BEST burger here. I ordered a burger that has kobe beef. Kobe beef is too gooood.Other than the food, We did not have reservations, but it was not packed so we waited around 5 minutes. Service was good. Pre-meal was some flavored popcorn. Personally i hate popcorn, it gets stuck in my teeth, so it was AITEE. Ambiance is modern, i mean you are eating in the cosmo haha. Relooking at the menu, I kinda wish i got a milkshake. They all sound really fricking delish.
5	I was at the Cosmo last week, and wanted to eat somewhere simple but delicious.Holsteins hit the spot!! My server, Mike was super friendly and knowledgeable! Customer service alone is a reason to go back, and I will soon because I'm already drooling for another scrumptious Rising burger as I type this !!!
5	I came here to have a good time and have great food, if I wanted to save my money; I would have gone to Mc Donald's.   Holsteins has "The Billionaire Burger" you have Pan seared Foie Gras ( huge 2 oz portion that you can defiantly see) and Kobe Beef ( grilled to perfection ) together with some port onions and truffle mayo!!!!  I was able to wash it down with a frosty brew ( over 100 different types ).   If you are, a huge fan of beer and burgers, then this is the palce for you!!  Just remember to add bacon to whatever you choose, Bacon makes everything better.  ***Remember*** Vegas = Money That means you have to spend the money to make money.
4	Lobster Mac & chz...and a damn great burger (several varieties, kids)....get it while it's hot. Fantastic!   Downer = trendy right now, so VERY crowded.
3	I think I've decided that Foie Gras on a burge might sound good, but for some reason doesn't taste as delicious as I fantasize it would.  For my first Holsteins experience I had the Billionaire burger with the drunken Monkey shake.  The burger was good.  It was juicy and flavorful, but I kinda wish I didn't have the billionaire burger as the expectation was way too high.  It was still pretty good though.The shake was amazing.  I could taste all the bananas and Reeses in it...sooo good!!!So my first experience was pretty good, and I will come back for more...althought it is no Umami Burger.
4	Amazing Oreo Shake!!!  I've gone out of my to come and try their Shakes!!!First time I went, excellent attention at the bar.  He helped me pick which shake was the best and I was very happy.Second time didn't go so well.  It was Super Bowl Sunday.  The bar had been 'reserved' for a BIG party, but they took us anyway.  Think it'd be like last time I asked the server at the bar which shake was her favorite and she didn't know.... I asked her which is more popular; the grasshopper shake or the banana monkey one (names might not be right) and she told me their both completely different....so I just stuck with what I knew was best.... the Oreo shake....I hope next time I go I will just go with my gut and get what sounds best.
4	came here with 9 friends around 12pm starving after a long night of partying the night before. At first they said there was a long wait but we were patient and only waited  10 min and they sat us.Servers were very friendly and service was good. I started out with a bloody marry which was ok. needed a little more hot sauce. I shared the "Rising Sun" with my girlfriend, meat was tender and juicy. It had a good flavor and the bun was tasty as well. I loved the avocado inside; gave it a nice smooth taste with it. The Thing that gave this place 4 stars is the peanut butter shake; I believe the Chocolate Monkey ( I might be wrong). It had chocolate and peanut butter with some baileys Irish cream. If you were to give this shake to a child they wouldn't taste the alcohol. lol. Its so smooth. Enjoyed this place very much.
3	I was actually pretty impressed with this burger here. I order the Goldstein burger which had cheese and bacon on it. You get the option of two different fries, the steak fries or shoestring. I ordered the steak fries which were really tasty and the better of the two choices. This ran me about $17. The serving size was a little on the smaller side. All of my friends ordered a shake which looked bomb! and all they were saying was mmmmmmm so good! but im alergic to milk so i could not experience the ooohhh ahhhhh milkshake. The best one out of all was the drunken money so try that one, they even have a little alcohol in it. Thats vegas for ya!the restaurant was located near the chandelier bar inside the Cosmo. They seated our rather larger party of 13 within 20 minutes. restaurant was really nice inside and had loud music so it was a fun atmosphere. so definitely try it out for yourself if you get the chance
4	If you're a vegan/vegetarian or would just like a healthier option then try the Urth Burger! Amazing. My friend ordered a virgin Capt N Crunch shake with Oreos on the side but they added the Oreos to the shake instead. Interesting yet still tasty concoction. Hence four out of five stars.
3	I'm actually disappointed in this place.  Perhaps I had too high of expectations but the lobster rolls, ice cream floats, they all sounded real good.  I ordered the brown cow which is basically root beer float with pop rocks and vodka.  Didn't taste any alcohol nor did I taste any pop rocks.  Not good.  Ordered the lobster roll.  It was okay as were the sliders which were overcooked.  The foie burger was decent but a bit heavy according to the GF.  Will I come back again?  Maybe give the milkshakes a try but other than that probably eat elsewhere.
3	Friendly advice to the ladies - don't come here if you plan on going to the clubs after .. you probably won't fit into your dress.On the brighter side, the burgers and appetizers are derrish. The fried pickles and kimchee quesadilla (large portioned enough to be an entree) is a must try. Oh, and lets not forget the bull-gogi burger (add cheddar cheese). However, the famous lobster mac&cheese is up for debate. It was served cold, watery, and rarely any lobster pieces. Bummer..Lastly, the service lacks and you wait so long for your food, you start seeing stars.
2	it's average. pretty expensive; and they have no business being that expensive - but, it's Vegas..what're you go'na do?I guess you could just..win the money! haha.good luck.the one cool thing I can say about this place is that they have this drink called the "Brisket Mary" It's basically a bloody mary; with vodka that's infused with beef brisket!.and then they put a huge chunk of beef in your drink! haha.It's like a meal-in-a-glass. Pretty damn tasty - if you like bloody mary's and beef, that is.
3	I really enjoyed the atmosphere. In particular, the entrance area seating next to the bar was unique and comfortable for a drink. As an area for eating, I hated crouching over to eat the burger. I ordered the Steakhouse Burger (medium) with a side of sweet potato fries. The flavorful and tasty burger was cooked to order as I requested. I definitely enjoyed every last bite of the burger. The sweet potato fries were okay. The shoestring fries came in a small bucket, which was indicative of the flavor. The sweet potato fries had a slight sweet potato flavor, but they were too small to really appreciate. I really love sweet potatoes so i was pretty excited to try them. In the end, I was disappointed. The menu was reasonably priced for the food. I wouldn't suggest eating here if you plan on going to the clubs/bars after dinner. The food is extremely filling. Overall, the burgers are worthy of eating. I definitely plan on returning here when I am back in Las Vegas.
4	Well I LOVE this hotel (Cosmopolitan) so I researched restaurants to pick one for lunch. All I needed to see was "Bamboozled shakes" with alcohol and my decision was easy!!! Went with the "Drunkin monkey" because it had my FAV frangelico!! I'm sure it has about 1000 calories, but hey... You know what they say, "what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas"... So let's hope that includes calories too!!! I also had the "machete" burger. Chili peppers, garlic sauce, YUM!! Then all the usual choices for side items like onion rings, sweet potatoe fries or regular fries. It was all amazing so now I need to go back to try one of everything else on the menu! I especially liked that they had so many other options other than burgers! Turkey, chicken, salmon and lamb!! Something for everyone!!
4	I've walked past this place during my previous Vegas trips but never ate here because we somehow always end up getting food somewhere quick or at Earl's... But anyway. I bookmarked this place before my last Vegas trip because I'm a huge sucker for gourmet burgers and I really wanted to try this place. The opportunity finally came, so I came here for dinner.Not everyone in our group wanted burgers, so we got our food to go. You order and wait at the bar for to-go orders. After much contemplation, I decided to go with The Rising Sun (with shoestring fries) because there were a lot of good reviews for it and it was a unique combination of ingredients for a burger. Well, it was a good choice! It certainly was a unique combo of flavors, and it worked. I don't usually go for the Asian-themed item in a menu, but being a burger, it ended up being a good fusion item. The fries were alright. Not the best I've had.I would definitely come here again to try another one of their many unique offerings.
5	At close to 500 reviews for Holstein's, I guess I don't really need to add my opinion but what the hell.I cannot come to Vegas without a stop at this restaurant. Seriously. I often wish that I had starved myself a little more before coming so that I could eat more. It's that good.Let's start with their bam-boozled shakes. Shakes, yum. Add alcohol? Uh yes please. I've had the frozen grasshopper (peppermint, chocolate, creme de menthe, and chocolate vodka) the birthday cake (I think this might be new since I don't see it on their online menu. Think sprinkles, and bits of cake), and the drunken monkey (reese's, banana, malt, and frangelico). All amazing.As for their food, I love their apps. Hello fried cheese curds, truffle lobster mac and cheese, and fried pickles served with fried caper berries, olives, and salami. Though I think their menu has changed. I got the fried pickles again this weekend and there were no other sides to the dish. I was a little sad about it.Okay, now for the main course. The burgers. I'm already drooling... The Rising Sun burger is still one of my favorites. Kobe beef with a teriyaki glaze, crispy yam, spicy mayo and tempura avocado. Wow. No really, wow. The Hen House burger? Delicious but nothing super fancy. The Korean Bull'gogi burger is yum. I'm a sucker for a fried egg and kimchi and this burger has both as well as chili mayo. And last but not least (for the beef burgers anyway), the Gold Standard burger. Beef sirloin burger with smoked bacon, aged goat cheddar cheese, tomato confit, arugula and garlic chive aioli. You can't be serious.Don't worry vegan/vegetarians, there's something for you too. They have a vegan burger which actually sounds pretty tasty and There is a wonderful salmon burger called Captain Hook. The salmon is thick and moist and comes with pickled shallots, caper herbed mayo, and house cured gravlax. Salmon on salmon. I won't say no.All burgers are served with a side and I love their shoe string fries. Crispy, thin and perfectly salted for my taste.At this point, if you still care about the ambience and the service, here it is. I like both. The restaurant is nice but not overly fancy.  Service is prompt and friendly but not overbearing. After writing this review, I'm tempted to jump in my car and drive down there just for the food. I wish I was kidding...
3	Alcoholic milkshakes? Check. Although this place is known for its burgers, I have to say the most memorable thing on their menu were their shakes. I ordered the Oreo shake and one of my girl friends ordered the Drunken Monkey - both were delicious!In terms of their burgers, they're pretty standard. I don't quite understand the hype around the burgers despite the wide-range of choices but overall the meat was pretty okay (ordered the Bulgogi burger). Try it out if you're ever in Vegas and need a break away from the endless buffets. There's a bunch of available seating which is always a plus!
4	Food : GreatService : okShakes: Good
2	A good burger in Vegas, but you can find much better for the money.The prices are what you would expect for "gormet" burgers, and is within reason. Let me first start off saying that it is crazy busy.  We went on a Wednesday night around 9pm and had to wait almost an hour for our table.  Then we ordered, and it took 45min to get our food.  The waiter kept coming over saying the food was almost done, but it was literally 45min from order to table for a burger. Also, it is exteremly loud.  I am only 26, so you will not hear me complaining about noise very often, but this is seriously almost club loud...where you literally have to yell to the person 3ft from you to hear each other.  Not really a big deal, but don't come here expecting to have good conversation with your meal.I always order my $$ burgers medium rare...but mine came out well done.  No pink at all on the insides, and my Kobe was not what it should have been.  Not the way I wanted to enjoy my Kobe....very very minimal juice and everyone else's burger was overcooked as well.   I ordered the Rising Sun, and it was definitely packed with flavor, but  I should have ordered regular sirloin if they were gonna destroy my burger.  My friend ordered the Bulgoki burger, and said it tasted like a hamburger with the marinade dripped over it...he wasn't impressed, and that's sad for a $17 burger.I had a run at an Oreo shake "to go" and it took about 20min to get it.  It was already a little watery and I should have just refused it...same thing with my burger.  Overall I am happy that I tried it, and I learned from this experience...to reject food when it comes like this.
4	While the rest of our friends were getting ready to go clubbing later that night, a couple of my buddies and I decided to grab some burgers before going bar hopping around Fremont Street.  I originally wanted to check out Holstein's after seeing them on our last Vegas trip, but there wasn't an opportunity to go since we had already planned out the rest of our meals.  After I read Yelp friend Cat C.'s review though, I told my friends it was a must for our next trip!Although some Yelpers have complained about how long the wait was for a table, we didn't run into the same problem.  Luck must have been on our side because not only did it take just a few minutes until we were seated, but we also got a server (Jennifer?) who was both awesome and way cute.  Double win!  A bunch of the burgers on the menu sounded pretty appealing (especially The Rising Sun, The Steakhouse, and Korean "Bull"gogi), but somehow the three of us managed to order the exact same thing - the Gold Standard (Dry Aged Beef Sirloin with Smoked Bacon, Aged Goat Cheddar Cheese, Tomato Confit, Baby Arugula, and Garlic Chive Aioli) (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/P7pxQFqr7yBKMMI2J51udw?select=vErdAOwPAfm6PP_uFDmjEQ).The patty was cooked perfectly - just a touch of pink on the inside, juicy, and a light char on the outside.  Adding in the smoked bacon just made it that much better (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/P7pxQFqr7yBKMMI2J51udw?select=t6cDviH3qCnh95L9pnFaVA).  While all of the condiments worked really well together, I have to admit all that aged goat cheddar got to be a bit much.  Not bad for the first half of the burger, but I was reminded during the last half why I'm not a huge fan of goat cheese.  We all agreed though that the biggest knock was the bun - a bit dry and pretty plain.  Just making it smaller and less airy would have gone a long way.All things considered, the prices for their burgers aren't unreasonable.  At about $13-$18 each, you actually get your money's worth for the most part (unlike China Poblano next door...).  Whichever one you get though, I'd suggest choosing the shoestring fries to go with it (they're more like regular cut fries than "shoestring").  While the tin of steak fries that came with my order were fine, I thought the shoestring fries my friend had were crispier and a little more flavorful.  Now I just have to go back and try one of Holstein's shakes - preferably of the alcoholic variety.
4	Heard this place has the best burger in Las Vegas. So I had to try it. It surely did not disappoint...although I havn't had many burger in Vegas before. It comes with fries and basically is everything you want a burger to be. Got the lettuce, tomatoes, sizzauce, onions and yo uget to choose how to want the meat. Rare right?! I think one thing you MUST try it you come here are the shakes. These might be one of the best shakes I've ever had.You should definitely check out when you go at least once...or twice
5	Rising sun and gold standard was amazing!!! Rising sun was a little too sweet, but the gold standard was perfect. Expensive ass burgers, but very well worth it. Tasteful, full of juice and flavor. I usually like my meat medium rare, but the waitress recommend rare stating that medium rare would be really red and bloody. Ummmmmm it was not red enough! Burgers were still good but wished it was more red. Staff was very friendly, and there was no wait at all during lunch time. Fries weren't that great, but I need to try the shakes next time.
3	Came here twice on our most recent trip to Vegas.  A burger will run about $18.  First time I had the Gold Standard.  It was like named, a pretty standard burger.  Our party also tried the lobster mac & cheese, it was too watered down.  The redeeming factors are a whole bunch of other entrees and burgers though.  I had the kimchee quesdilla the second day, it was perfection.  I'm not sure what burgers my friends ordered the second day, but again, it was more memorable than what we had for dinner the previous night.  They also have shoe string fries.  YUM.  Service is slow........we were starving and it took about 40 minutes for the food to come out after we ordered.
4	By the end of it all,you are paying a lot for your burger, but you will not be too angry as you can taste the quality with each one. Portion sizes are not huge so it makes for a good lighter meal. We didn't try the Shakes, but they have many which they mix some alcohol into. I thought one of the rules of drinking you learn was never to mix dairy with alcohol. We all feel what an Irish Car Bomb or a Cement Mixer can do in our stomachs. But hey.. its Vegas.. next time I'll try it out.
5	A burger joint that vegetarians can get on board with! Their Urth Burger was one of the tastiest things I have ever eaten ever ever ever.We were staying at the Aria, exhausted from a long day of walking, and wanted to get a good dinner with the least amount of pretention. Holstein's fit the bill! We went on a Saturday night @ about 8:00pm. Had to wait about 20 minutes for a table, which was fine because lemme tell you the best people watching in Vegas takes place across the way at the Marquee nightclub -- the shortest skirts, the highest stripper heels, and the douchiest men. My husband and I had a blast watching trainwreck after trainwreck pass by.Oh wait this is a burger joint review! So yeah. Urth burger = Awesome. Got a dirty monkey shake but didn't taste any of the alcohol and didn't feel it either, but that's OK because it was yummy enough on it's own. Our waiter was cool and attentive, and this was just an overall fun place to eat. We had fun interpretting the paintings, too! Go!
5	The burgers are amazing!! So is the service! Lori waited on us the day we went and no complaints from me. Thanks Holsteins for creating yummy food and having fun servers!
3	I really wanted to like this place. My date ordered the house lager, which tasted like malt liquor, not a microbrew.   I ordered onion rings as an appetizer and they were brought out AFTER our burgers, not even with the burgers.  The burgers were undercooked- I ordered mine well done and it came out medium well, while my date ordered medium well and his was medium rare.The food was descent but excessively overpriced. You can get a comparable burger elsewhere for much cheaper, like stripburger.It's so loud inside I could barely hear my date and he was sitting right across from me.  This place has a pretty annoying atmosphere.
4	We were hungry and walked into Holsteins.  I like the atmosphere and the waitress got our waters quick.  I had the crispy pork belly buns.  Very well seasoned and cilantro and pea shoots adds a nice fresh crunch.  My girlfriend had "big fat greek" burger.  She wasn't raving about it as much as I was with mine.  Overall, the service was good and so was the food.  We'll be back.
4	The "Rising Sun" is going down!The burger was awesome and very reasonable. The patty was cooked perfectly and all of the ingredients were fresh and flavorful. I was pleased to say the least! But let's get to the best part of the meal...what I think was the most important part....THE MILKSHAKE! Swear to all that is good in this world, the best milkshakes in the world live here! It's like they invented them and then perfected them by adding alcohol. I had the peanutbutter shake (don't remember the name, too busy destroying it!) and it was amazing. If I could consume 2 shakes in one sitting, it would have been done!
5	My husband and I went to Holsteins for lunch on a Monday, around 12pm. We didn't have to wait at all for a table. I had the best burger of my life (the Gold Standard) at this place...it may have set me back $17.50, but it was worth every penny (well, I suppose it didn't set me back quite that much since we had a Groupon, but I would gladly go back and pay full price for that burger). They brought out smoked cheddar popcorn when we arrived. Quite tasty. My husband got the wings, which were a generous sized portion and also very good. The fries were also crispy and delicious. Go. Get the Gold Standard Burger. Oh, and the birthday cake milkshake.
4	I really enjoy this spot, and on top of that anything by this same company (Block 16, they run Barrymore, Public House, and more). Trendy, good people watching, fast service, unique and good food is always a solid mix for a Vegas restaurant. My favorite shakes are the Green Grasshopper, a minty and chocolatey mix of wonderfulness and the straight Oreo. I love the burgers, I've had a bunch of them and I believe the Rising sun and the Steak/Mushroom burger are both delivered to this planet from some culinary god.There are a few drawbacks though, price is one. Pretty expensive, but its what you expect for being in one of the upper class casinos. My GF got the Ahi tuna sliders and they were a JOKE, not good and cost something like $15. Also it has a very club like atmosphere, don't come here expecting a romantic dinner or anything, this is a bar scene more than a restaurant.Stick with the Burgers and Shakes here and you can't go wrong. Stray out of those categories and you may be disappointed. Overall this is one of my favorite spots in town, also because the Cosmo rocks and the chandelier bar is right next door.
5	Great burgers and fries! Had the tiny beef buns and was the perfect size! The bucket of fries was enough for 2 people to split.
4	I've been to this place nearly a dozen times and still haven't written a review.. oops. While my favorite burger lives at the Barrymore (same owners as Holsteins!), Holsteins has become my favorite burger joint. I highly recommend the "Gold Standard", but honestly everything I've tried has been fabulous. I'm a bit bummed the pizza twinkies are no longer around, but the buffalo chicken dip is a nice addition. Honestly I make yummier buffalo chicken dip at home, but it's nice to have someone else make it for you :) Lastly, I urge you to try the delicious shakes! The birthday cake one is amazing, but my favorite is the first one on the menu (monkey something or other) with peanut butter and banana. YUM. With or without booze, these shakes are amazing!From the free smoked cheddar popcorn at the beginning, to the tasty burgers, to the yummy shakes - this is one of the yummier places to get a pricey burger on the strip! While Burger Bar was the first, Holsteins is my pick for the current best !
5	Best burger, beer, and shakes place on the strip. They have the Bruery Rugbrod on tap! I ordered the Billionaire Burger and it was amazing. They amazing burgers, excellent beers, awesome shakes, and some killer desserts. I can't do enough to promote this place and bring anyone I come to Vegas with to Holsteins. Everything is quality, cleanliness, and service.
4	Used a groupon again to come here. Hip & playful decor & friendly staff. Our first time in The Cosmopolitan, which is very cool & hip. Waited about 15 minutes to get a booth seat. I got the Longhorn burger & added cheddar cheese. It was good, but not as flavorful as I thought it would be and incredibly messy. The steak fries were good. My boyfriend had the Hen House burger & added blue cheese. His was also very messy (with the runny fried egg) but he enjoyed the flavors. We finished off the meal with a chocolate malt shake which was very good, complete with his & hers pink & blue straws so we could share :) I still have another groupon to go back again, can't wait to.
5	This place was great! I gave it 5 stars because everything we sank our teeth into was phenomenal and our service was amazing. My boyfriend got the Rising Sun burger, I got the Golden Standard. Both were awesome. I think his may have been better just because it was so different and all the flavors were spot on!!! I got the oreo shake and he got the peanut butter/banana....both tasted delicious.Our waitress, Kristine, was top notch. She was fun, polite, perky, and adorable. That kind of service is what we LOVE. We will definitely come back on our next trip to Vegas :)If I could change one thing it would be the loud music...I mean, it was pretty loud, hard to have conversation over that loud of music during dinner!
5	I know this may sound crazy, but please hear me out. I judge a burger joint by its veggie burger. If a joint can turn out a mouth watering veggie burger, then is there anything it can't make delicious? This is how Holstein's has earned my respect and enduring love & loyalty. If you're a vegetarian, you can finally rejoice and partake in Las Vegas' "Burger Madness". And even if you're not, Holstein's "Urth Burger" will make you forget you're going meatless for the night. The patty is full of wild and wonderful flavors that just gets better when sprouts and avocado are added. And if you can't handle the vegan version, add the Point Reyes Bleu Cheese to make your burger spectacular. (So far, I've found this cheese to be the best match for this burger.)Oh, and don't forget the fries. I like mine steak cut, and I like to know they're from real, fresh, quality potatoes. Holstein's certainly doesn't mess around in this department. Trust me, I could tell.And don't even think about going here without trying a shake! Come on, get wild and order a "Bam-boozled Shake". I last tried the Oreo Shake with Bailey's Irish Cream. I really couldn't get enough of it.And I just can't get enough of Holstein's. I've yet to see evidence of a better burger joint in Las Vegas.
5	What a great place! Came here last night with a group of 8. The waitress split our bill for us didn't seem too thrilled about it but dealt with it. I ordered the Bulgogi burger and it was probably the best burger ive ever had. Juicy, spicy, sweet delicious. Had a fried egg and kimchee on it. Weird but definitely worth it. Also an order of onion rings. Although pricy when they came out there was a huge plate of them and they were perfectly crisp and totally yummy.  Others had plain burgers, salad, Philly cheese steak spring rolls. Everyone left happy and full. Oh, did I mention milkshakes?
3	Had high hopes for Holsteins. It didn't totally disappoint, but did run into some issues. Had reservations for 7:30 as we had a concert to attend at 9 over at MGM. Figured it wouldn't take more than an hour to enjoy a meal. Came to the desk about 5 min. prior. Took them over 10 minutes to get us seated. The server was friendly and helpful. Ordered the Oreo shake - a MUST try. So, so good I nearly drank the whole thing before my meal came. For my meal I ordered the Hen House burger add cheese....cooked medium. My brother ordered the Carbonara Chicken sandwhich. It was busy so it took about 15 min for our orders to come out after drinks were served. No biggie, to be expected. First thing I noticed was that they forgot the cheese on my burger. Again, no huge deal. Took a while for the waiter to come back around but got me some cheese on a plate. Next, I cut into the burger. As I ordered it to be cooked medium I expected cooked with a little bit of pink. Unfortunately, it was cooked near rare. I ate two bites luckily from the outside (more cooked) part of the burger before noticing. By this time it was getting close to having to leave for the concert. Server was great and offered to have it re-cooked. As we needed to leave quickly he offered to have it placed in a to-go box but sadly we could not bring food into the concert. This resulted in the burger being taken off the bill and the friendly manager offering us some cool nitrogen? type desert bites. Very much appreciated even though I sadly did not get to enjoy my meal. The chicken sandwhich was awesome (Def had to steal a bite from my brother). The shoe string fries were so-so. Had purchased a groupon ($20 for use of $40) which the bill ended up being less than $30. Sad.
5	Sat at the bar during a busy lunch hour on Thursday. Packed house but food came out promptly. Funky monkey milkshake-best I have ever had. And I have had a lot of milkshakes!Had the lamb burger and friend had the regular ol' cheeseburger. Excellent quality, fabulous flavor. I want to go to there....NOW!!!
1	Bad customer service!!! The management was very rude. I asked that my burger be cut in half, the restaurant is half empty. They told me the chef is too busy to cut it and we can bring you a knife (one story), They don't do it for presentation (second story).  Excuse me, but if am paying $17.00 for a burger, and I want it cut, you should cut it for me. I don't care a burger is a burger and where did your customer service go..? So rude!!  If you care about how you are treated, don't eat here. We walked out.
3	I'd say the food here is a solid 4 stars, but a few things during my experiences here dropped it down to 3. As an appetizer, I had the truffle lobster mac n' cheese and was very disappointed by this. For the low, low price of just $16.50, you get a small dish, about the size of an iphone, full of mac n' cheese! The lobster seemed almost nonexistent and the truffle was extremely light, too light. Although the saving point for this was the bite-sized BLT that came with it. For burgers, the one that stood out the most was the El Machete. Wow that is a good burger and it has a very nice kick to it from the spicy aioli that it's topped with. Their burgers are juicy and cooked the way you like it. Their buns are absolutely amazing too. They're dense enough to uphold those thick, juicy burgers with all their glorious toppings too. But not too dense where it's like you're eating styrofoam. My bf had the Long Horn, since what man doesn't like EXTRA meat? It was decent but I like my burgers to have more veggies on them. He liked it also, but agreed that the El Machete just tasted better. Their matchstick fries are fried to perfection so they're super crispy on the outside but smooth in the center. However we also had the onion rings and they came out extremely dark in color, so over fried. They didn't taste too bad though. I LOVE their milkshakes! If only they weren't so expensive! You CAN get them non-alcoholic, which will shave off about 3 bucks from the menu price. They have some tasty concoctions, including their Drunken Monkey, which is my favorite. I tried the Cap'n Crunch and it was good, but it tasted just like a vanilla milkshake with some ground up cereal. Still not bad though. The cons of this place are mostly due to the environment of the restaurant.. The hostess was not friendly at all and barely even said hello. The server was friendly enough, although she could have been more attentive. She disappeared for a while after asking what we'd like to drink. The music is extremely loud. We had heard that the music is usually lower earlier in the day, but the last time I came, it was 6pm and I was still yelling over the music.This isn't the best place for a nice dinner and conversation, but they can cook up a mean burger. Also, they change the paintings on the walls every once in a while, which is pretty snazzy!
3	We wanted to go and take a look at the Cosmopolitan and get something to eat but most the venues were very busy in the hotel so we ended up at Holsteins. This place is very trendy and with the music so loud it's like eating in the middle of a nightclub, on the plus side the music was pretty good. The decor is somewhat surreal but it adds to the quirky feel of the place which is topped off by a huge pink cow.By this point of my Vegas excursion I was sick of eating burgers, steaks and hugely calorific meals so I opted for the Cobb salad. I also had a milkshake which was pretty good as milkshakes go but come on, it's pretty difficult to screw up a milkshake. The salad turned up and it was delicious, on reflection there were probably more calories in the salad than a burger but the fact it was salad made me feel less guilty about eating it!All in all, a fun place to go and eat, next time I'll try one of the burgers.
3	So here's the thing: I love this place, but I'm teetering on 3 stars. If there were 3.5, I'd give it that. When we FIRST visited this place not long after it opened, we raved and told everyone how amazing it was.  And their burgers are very good. Very, very good.But, we've gone a handful of times now and the last few, I've been kind of embarrassed that we raved so much about it to the guests we brought with us. Our server, the last two times, hasn't offered us our locals discount (even though we introduced ourselves as locals when we sat down). The first time, we didn't know and another server is the one who asked if we got our discount. The second time, we pointed it out on the bill and he went back and took it off.But the guy who served us the last two times, while nice enough, was more interested in chatting with the hostesses than bringing us popcorn or refilling our water or pretty much anything. And we were seated in this corner so if we wanted to get anyone's attention, we'd have to get up and poke our heads around the side to flag him down.He (or the kitchen, can't be sure) slathered my turkey burger in Russian dressing, despite me asking for it on the side twice -- in fact, the server and I had a whole conversation that went something like this:Me: "Could I please have the Russian dressing on the side or not at all?"Him: "So, look, do you want it or not?"Look, FLO, I don't want it at all, I was just trying to be flexible. Instead, I had to wait while my friends ate so they could de-Russian my turkey burger, which if I'm being honest, wasn't that great. (The turkey burger sliders are also a snooze, skip 'em.)My other beef (no pun intended) with this place is the volume. I appreciate that it's Vegas and that people are there to par-tay, etc, but I'd like to eat my dinner without having to scream across the table. And this is in the dining room, not even in the lounge area, where it's seriously hearing-damage territory and the bass rumbles under your ass while you're trying to enjoy your sliders. It's just not my jam, so to speak.I can highly recommend the Gold Standard and the Steakhouse burger, both of which are delectable and worth every penny. I like their wedge-cut fries, as well.  Two of my friends have told me the Captain Hook salmon burger is also really good.  Other high points: the decor is interesting and creative, and aside from this one lackluster server and the occasional snooty hostess, the staff is warm and welcoming. They menu has expanded as well and they've got a lot of interesting choices. They're great at their social media, too. Love that.  Overall, I do really like Holstein's and am rather bummed to review it this way.A year ago, it would've been at least 4.
5	So many things to try!! I have an obsession with Ahi tuna; therefore, I ordered the sliders. Yum! Everything I tried was delicious... Fried cheese curds, lobster mac n cheese, infused milkshakes, fried oysters, French fries, and etc! When they ask, "Fat or skinny fries?" go with fat. It has more seasoning to it. The skinny ones are too skinny for me. They were skinnier than McDonald's.
4	Very good food, excellent service, and great beer selection. They have good ciders as well. If it weren't quite so pricey, I'd give it 5 stars...
5	The burgers are unique and delicious.  You would be crazy to not get a shake as well.  It may be one of the best shakes I've ever had.  We even came back for lunch right before we left Vegas just to get another!
4	Probably not going to add too much to the already impressive list of reviews on this place. Items I ordered:Lobster Mac n Cheese (EXCELLENT)Sunrise Burger + Fried Egg (Good)Birthday Cake Shake (EXCELLENT)I also really liked the vibe and decorations in the place. Next time I would hold off on adding too much extra items to the burger... they are heavy enough as it is.
3	After objectively evaluating this place in my head, I gotta stick ya with a three... maybe I'm a burger snob... maybe I'm too spoiled by the absolute majesty that is Lunchbox Laboratory here in Seattle... but when it comes down to it... the burger was just good. Nothing to really write home about and pretty pricey when it all comes down to it. I ordered the Nom Nom Burger, a Kobe beef patty with cheese and potato chips... it was good... but I'd rather call it the Nom Burger... definitely not deserving of the double Nom and far from the OmNomNoms majesty that is Lunchbox Laboratory.Their spiked milkshakes were super good. But that really wasn't enough to push the score higher.The ambiance is fantastic though, a great vibe, excellent service, but then again... I come to expect that in Vegas... so this ends up being a wash... it's all about perspective ya dig?I don't believe I'd go again... but thanks for the treat and really... it wasn't bad... I'm just spoiled.3 one-nom-...-just-one stars out of 5
5	Phenomenal.  In a city with so many dives, this one is a great find.  We went early, so we were lucky to get a seat at the bar (just barely!) where bartender/mixologist extraordinaire Allison  Bignell treated us to libations and burgers.  Let's just say that my partner is a finicky drink man, and Allison worked him like putty, awing him with drink after drink.  The "AJ SPECIAL" with Smirnoff Whipped Vodka, Ciroc Coconut Vodka, Pineapple Juice, Coconut Sorbet was amazing.OK, enough about the drinks - let's talk burgers.  You can't go wrong with any burger.  Of course, get it medium rare or rare.  By the time we left (wobbled out), the line was out the door and around the corner.
3	Holsteins is a good place to go when dining with people of varying dietary preferences, it seems as though there's something for everyone.  I ordered the vegan burger entitled "Urth Burger" which was made with their very own house made vegan patty, lettuce, tomato, onion, and avocado (additional).  I thought it was average, but I can't put my finger on what I thought it was lacking.  Maybe pickles?  Either way, given the quality of the burger this isn't a place I'd go on my own, but a place I would go as a compromise to eat with my carnivorous counterparts.  So kudos to Holsteins for offering a vegan option.
3	being hungover.. i decided to grab a salad and the guacamole-artichoke appetizer.. bother were passable.. but really nothing special.. my buddies all got burgers which they said it meh.. service was slow as hell too.. the hostess was hot as hell though
5	Outstanding!  If you're in the mood for burgers and fries done right this is your spot.  Perfectly cooked, nice variety of unique ingredients and even an abundance of beers on tap.  We loved it.
4	wow, the El Machete burger was like everything I've ever dreamed it could be and more. That was an amazing burger. Just perfectly proportioned everything. Shoestring fries were good too. I didn't try the shake/float section of the menu, but the majority of our table did and everyone was raving about those too. They did look good, just wasn't really feelin it. The Holstein's special brew beer or whatever it was called (had Holstein's in the name) was very good too. I was shocked to find a locally brewed beer in Vegas that was that good. Damn I miss that burger though. Need a Holstein's in San Jose next plz =) Was a little pricey or it would have gotten 5 stars.
5	No need to read all the reviews below and above this one.Just go and enjoy.
4	This place has some good burgers, and I guess the reason I am giving it 4 out of 5, is because I didn't get a burger. I got the lobster sandwich. It was pretty blah. My boyfriend a got a burger, which I tried, and was delicious. It made me completely filled with envy that I settled with this half ass lobster-slop-in-a-bun. Service was quick and the sweet potato fries were amazing!
4	3.5ish, really, but a few factors kick it up to 4:-hip environment. We only sat at the bar, as they were packed, but it seemed more fun there anyway.-Unique/bold ingredients on the menu. I love when a place isn't scared to try new things!-Clear identity. It's good when you know what a place is about and they don't seem too schizophrenic when you open the menu.-Tons of drinks to choose from!We tried a few things and shared:-Kalbi Beef Quesadilla: Not bad, but not blown away. Bear in mind, I had the filling only, so perhaps with the flavors of the tortilla, it'd be better.-Shared the Steakhouse Burger: Crusted in black pepper with Holstein's creamy steak sauce, Marmalade Onions, Tomato Confit, WIld Mushrooms, and Swiss Cheese. Again, just ok. But, I think most burgers are 'just ok' to me now since I don't eat the bun.  The ingredients were good and put together well.  We also got a side of smoked bacon, which was nice.-Jim G had two of the many, many, many beers and I tried their Spicy Bloody Mary with Pepper&CIlantro infused vodka. Pretty good.  I wanted to try one of their many 'shakes,' full of sweet and alcohol-y goodness. But I felt the carbs were too much. I know one drunken night I'll stumble in there and order one. I'll report back =)The food is intriguing and there's plenty more on the menu that I want to try; that factor makes me give a place a little more credit up front, since they've piqued my interest. They try to use organic products, and I'm a fan of that. And, lastly, Block 16 management group runs them; they're the same group that does Public House, which I really like too.  These people have a sense of style and uniqueness with food and decor.  Good for them!
4	Wow, this place was awesome, me and my crew pre-gamed here before a night of insanity at Marquee, and thought it was great! Waitress definitely took care of us, real attentive and friendly, and also got us a hook-up with a promoter for Marquee. Food looked great, but I only really drank so I can't really tell you how great it was, my bad ; (  haha. We did a round of Irish Car bombs which were awesome, and when we ordered Coronas, they gave us 24 oz bottles and glasses! Awesome spot, if you're going to the Cosmo -- def make a stop at Holsteins!
4	We went here just for dessert and lattes. The lattes were good, nothing too crazy, but good. For dessert we got the junk food candy bar and it was reeeeeallly good! It was salty and sweet with chocolate, potato chip, pretzels, chocolate mousse, and just all around awesome stuff. I was sad I didn't get to eat here, but it was good. I'll have to try it for lunch or dinner next time.
1	How Long Does It Take?On a weekend trip to Las Vegas, we decided to stop by to get our fill of some burgers. We arrived around 1pm on a Sunday afternoon and were told that a table of 3 would have a waiting period of approximately 30 minutes. They would take down our phone number, we would leave and actually get called back within 10 minutes. This is starting out to be a good experience, but.....Our orders were taken fairly quickly and we were eager to begin our meal. After about 45 minutes of waiting, we started to get restless. Not only were we starving, but we had not heard from our waitress. We flagged her down and inquired about our order. When she returned, she said she wasn't sure why it was taking so long, so she offered us some cheese popcorn. We inhaled the 1st round of popcorn and a 2nd round was offered since our food was still being prepared. Our hunger for food continued to mount and with still no food in sight, our waitress offered to give us some steak fries. Again, another 2 rounds of fries came out and after an hour of waiting for our food, we finally received our order. Ahi Sliders, Korean "Bull" GoGi and the Rising sun were ordered. The Ahi sliders were served between 2 buns that appeared to have been chilled. I don't know about most, but cold bread to me is not edible. Both the Korean "Bull" GoGi and Rising Sun burgers were overly charred on the outside to the point that they had this burnt taste to them (both were ordered to be cooked Medium). This was quite disappointing and most of the meal was not even finished. After our meal, the waitress comes over and asks why we didn't finish the ahi sliders because she notices that most people don't. I am thinking Really?!? We told her the buns were a bit cold and it didn't go well with the ahi. She went on and asked how did we enjoy the burgers and we told her about the burnt taste. She said that's what Holstein's prides itself in cooking their burgers and that some customers like the charred taste on their burgers. I don't know where these customers reside from, but they should understand that burnt/charred food is unhealthy. I do give her credit as she did whatever she could to keep our spirits up throughout the meal and tried to keep our dining experience a positive one, but....When we were settling the bill, we wanted to use our Groupon to be applied to the bill. This was a headache as the fries from earlier that were supposed to have been comped by our waitress were included on the bill. Trying to apply the Groupon just confused the manager/waitress even more. Overall, the dining experience did not live up to our expectations. I'd rather roll over to Burger Bar next time.
2	I expect to pay higher fare for dining on the strip but I expect a good payout with delicious flavors and a satisfied tummy... And holsteins fell short for me. For a place that boasts their buns and shakes, I expect them to be amazing! And sadly those were the two things I liked least about the placeI ordered the Ahi sliders and the flavors of the slider were great. Really fresh and my favorite part was the slaw on the inside. But what killed these sliders for me were the BUNS! The buns were cold, tough, and chewy. I was expecting some soft succulent warm buns to sink my teeth into, but these tasted like day old bread.Now onto the shakes: I ordered the Black cow shake which was an "udder" fail. It was supposed to be a play on a vanilla coke float and what I got was a flat soda with some vanilla ice cream. The soda was so flat it just tasted like I was drinking coke flavored syrup. Yuck. Maybe you'll have some luck with some of the other shakesAll in all, it might have been an off day for Holstein's but I'm not willing to empty out my wallet again to give them a second chance.
4	The Cosmopolitan features fancy, expensive places: Nightclub can set you back $50 for certain events, Wicked Spoon is nearly $40, STK will set you back at least $50 for a hearty meal, the clothing is expensive, etc.Make no mistake, the shakes, burgers, cocktails, and beer is overpriced at this place but compared to other venues in the Cosmopolitan, Holsteins is a great value. I ordered The Gold Standard and that was a DAM good burger. The Rising Sun also got rave reviews from my friends along with the shakes. The ambiance of the place feels like I'm in some Cartoon Network-like place, which is pretty cool, I feel. If you're eating at the Cosmopolitan, chances are you're going to spend a lot of money. If you're looking for the best value for your dollar in this hotel, make it Holsteins.
2	So, when read on the menu that you can pay $28 for a billionaire burger, you get the impression that you are in for a one hell of a burger. Ok, so I didn't spend the $28, but instead opted for the $16.5 peppered burger. Still expectations are a bit high.I order medium rare and I end up with a medium done burger and my wife gets the medium rare burger when she wanted medium. Obviously, they don't pay too much attention to the fine details and got the orders swapped.The wedge cut fries did turn out pretty good, but the string cut fries were way too overcooked. As a appetizer, we ordered the IPswitch clams and they pretty horrible. The batter was hard and it took some serious chomping just to bite through it. Geez, where these yesterday's leftovers and re-cooked today?One of the best things is that I received a free draft lager with a Foursquare checkin.One of the reasons we were there was because of a groupon deal.Bottom line, this place is not a destination place for a great burger, but rather a place to eat while your at a chic hotel. $6.50 for a Sierra Nevada pale ale...really!!!
5	So I stayed in the Cosmo from March 8-12 and this was the first restaurant that we decided to dine in. Honestly wasn't planning on it but some friends from Las Vegas wanted to meet up here.First Impression....Ambiance, music, decor were all spectacularly modern. Place seemed like the spot to be for a Friday night bite. We were seated immediately (arrived at 7ish). The beer list is top notch and that is a huge deal for me when I am getting the evening started. Took us a while to all decide on what we should eat. Seemed like the server got a bit frustrated with our inability to make decisions.I went with the GOLD STANDARD, based on the servers recommendation. I have never had a dry aged burger, but boy am I craving one now holy smokes. Dry Aged Beef Sirloin Burger With Smoked Bacon, Aged Goat Cheddar Cheese, Tomato Confit, Baby Arugula & Garlic-Chive Aioli....I usually like to dry dog my meat....not one for lubrication as far as condiments and such go. But they did a fantastic job focusing on not slopping up such a delightful cut... er uh grind of beef. Pretty close to the best burger I have ever sunk my teeth into. Didnt even get around to polishing off the sweet potato fries....first ones I have ever had that were actually crispy...I understand how dificult it is to crispify a sweet potato fry.Server really pushed the spiked shakes...but I was so full....he said "Dude I can put it in a to-go cup for you"....I caved into the Raspberry Cheesecake Shake it was damn good....even after a night in the freezer...Vodka shake is good for breakfast boys and girls.****Server Cheesed it up by fist bumping me*****thought that was kinda lame but whateverEAT ATTHISPLACEWHENGOINGONABENDERINLASVEGAS!
4	Holy Kimchi Burger! You guys get get an extra point for not messing this concept up. This burger is actually listed on the menu as the "Korean Bull-gogi burger" and it consisted of a soy marinated burger topped with kimchi & a fried egg. Just a hint to my fellow Yelpers be sure to add Bacon to this burger because it really completes it. My only complaint about the burger was it was a little too juicy...and the juices were starting to flow from the meat onto my plate & hands but better juicy than dry. Theres also a quick fix to this by simply eating the burger upside down because for some reason the top bun is usually a lot more sturdy and  can manage to keep itself together. In terms of cost this burger was about $5 then the dreaded one I had at Treasure Island and definitely worth the mark up.
4	Holsteins fits right in at the Cosmopolitan hotel in Vegas, super hip bordering on douchy and of course I like it!We sat at the bar which is great if you don't want to wait 45 minutes on a busy weekend night.  It took us a little while to be served but it gave me time to check out their solid beer list.  The spiked milkshakes will call out to you, what could be better than liquor in a milkshake, right? To me that just equals to a long night in Vegas, so I moved on.We went with their Steakhouse burger and to try something I wouldn't expect on their menu we shared a Kalbi Beef quesadilla. The burger was good, not great, with a nice layer of black pepper on the beef, steak sauce, and choice of cheese.  The quesadilla was also good, and a great intro to Korean food, but if you are a big Korean BBQ fan you may be disappointed.Overall a good experience and reasonably priced place to check when at the Cosmo.
4	On a Saturday afternoon this place was packed with a lively crowd.  My hubby and I needed a little downtime before starting our night so we got a couple of milkshakes to go and enjoyed them up in our room.  Mine was the one with bananas and Frangelico in it.  So delicious!  You could taste the flavor of the liquor but it was not too strong.  The hubby got the Oreo one which I think had Bailey's in it.  His must have been stronger than mine since he totally passed out shortly after.  But that more likely was due to the fact that we had been at a kids birthday party all day.
4	3.5 but i'm rounding up because they have my Lindeman's Framboise.  yeah, it's $14 but that's really only a couple dollars more than a cocktail in LA.  the kalbi beef kimchi quesadilla is delicious!  and so is the lobster roll.  yeah, i've been here twice and haven't actually ordered the burger, but everyone else at my table did, and they were all happy.  be prepared to spend about $20 for your burger (after the toppings, tax and tip), but hey, it's vegas.  and it's the cosmopolitan.  it fits.  service is spotty.  decor is cute.  they have a restroom inside the restaurant, which most restaurants in vegas hotels don't, so that's convenient.
3	I think someone who was *not* gluten free would enjoy this place more. Usually burger joints are really friendly to those of us with food intolerances, but not here. I suppose it is a little too trendy. Usually I love trendy places. Oh well.None of the milkshakes are gluten free. The only burger I could have was the plain regular one, with cheese, wrapped in lettuce, with a side salad instead of fries. Okay, now the good stuff...The burger was great!!! Wow!The greens were amazing. I love their balsamic dressing. So healthy and fresh!Wish there was more here that I could eat. Cannot wait to stay at the Cosmopolitan next time I'm in Vegas and try more there.
4	Holsteins was very good. A large selection of adult shakes spiked with liquor, and regular shakes also. The burgers were great, juicy flavorful meat topped to your liking. the onion rings were battered and crispy served with an awesome chipotle aioli Didn't find this place until my last trip to vegas and was very satisfied. The only minus is the price of the shake starting at 8 dollars-11. other than that Holsteins was great.
4	Until about 5 minutes ago my review for Holstein's was "Awesome food, tasted so good, I just can't remember what we ate!" - don't judge. It was our last supper of a 10 day showing family around Vegas trip.Having pieced together the pieces of the dining experience I find that the memories come flooding back. We were seated rather late on a Saturday evening promptly and efficiently. The server (his name? Please, I can barely remember what I ate!) was good and guided us appropriately through the menu. We had Ahi Poke and Artichoke Guac (this I remember being very good!).I ordered the Gold Standard Burger which was delicious, the tomato confit sweet and the goats cheese tart - perfect combo! Hubby had The Rising Sun which he said he wouldn't order again.My 1 gripe is, for the most part our fault. We were looking forward to trying the "Bam-Boozled Shakes" however we found that dining late at night the shake preparer leaves for the evening. Unfortunately the shake preparer was also the dessert preparer, so no dessert or shakes for us. However this does provide the perfect excuse to return which we would be more than happy to do!
4	Great burgers, but they are overpriced, like much of Vegas. I've tried 4 of their burgers, but can't really remember their names. I just remember them as:1) The burger that won the best burger award2) The Korean Burger3) The Japanese Burger4) A burger I don't remember at all.The burger that won the award is overrated. It's not bad, but I wouldn't get it again. The Korean Burger was great, and the Japanese Burger was equally as great. Sorry if this wasn't much help because of the gross lack of details. To be honest, if you don't have to sit down, I would recommend Secret Pizza over this place. But the burgers are good.
4	I came here on a Sunday for lunch. The wait for our party of 5 was around 20 minutes which wasn't too bad considering there were shops nearby to visit in the meantime. Our server was very accommodating and had all sorts of things to recommend. He brought out free popcorn for us as starters. It tasted very interesting, like spicy BBQ...I got the Rising Sun burger which was very delicious with the fried avocado inside! Every burger also comes with a side of fries. I had ordered sweet potato fries but they gave me the regular skinny fries instead. I didn't mind because they were nice and crispy but once I let them know about the mistake, they brought out the sweet potato fries immediately which was nice. I also ordered the Frozen Grasshopper which was one of their alcoholic milk shakes with peppermint and chocolate. It was also delicious and I could not taste the alcohol at all.Tip: if you check-in on foursquare and show your server, they will give you a free pint of draft beer! (we got this and the beer was very smooth and did not taste cheap at all)Overall it was a very nice experience. I loved the cute cartoony cow deco all around the restaurant. Our server even made it a point to stop by and wish me a safe drive back to California when I was standing in line for the bathroom, which was not even close to our table. I thought that was a very nice gesture and topped off our visit very well.
4	As I walked through the front door...House music was blasting.The DJ was spinning.Girls in stilettos and slinky dresses were dancing.Boys in button-down shirts were standing and posing by the bar while sipping Manhattans.You'd be forgiven for thinking that I had just wandered into some Vegas nightclub, but no.  This atmosphere is par for the course at Holsteins, which may be the most self-consciously hip burger joint in America.Normally I'd be more cynical about the goings-on at Holsteins, but they're forgiven because they put out an excellent product.  Despite the crowds and clubby atmosphere, the hostess quickly found us a (relatively) quiet table in the corner, with a nice view of a staff artist making a new cow-themed painting to add to the dining room's already-extensive collection.  After we sat down, we knew we made the right decision by coming here, because absolutely everything on their menu is mouthwatering.  Holsteins has a pretty extensive menu, but ordering anything other than the burgers would be silly here.  I ordered the nom nom burger, which is Kobe beef, cheddar, Thousand Island dressing, and potato chips.  My dinner companion had their California turkey burger, which comes with sprouts, tomatoes, avocado, cucumber slaw, pepper Jack cheese, and a dollop of Russian dressing.  All of the burgers come with your choice of shoestring or steak-cut fries.I *loved* the flavors of both of these burgers.  They easily rank among the best in Vegas.The only place where Holsteins slips is service.  I asked for my burger cooked medium, and it was definitely cooked beyond that.  Ultimately, though, the Thousand Island dressing provided more than enough the juiciness for the burger.  My dinner companion also ordered steak fries, but received shoestring fries instead.  Again, this was a tiny problem that didn't affect our experience much.Holsteins definitely warrants a return visit.  I'll let their scattershot service slide, if it means tasting more of their meaty and mouthwatering creations in a sleek and stylish atmosphere.'Til next time, Holsteins.
3	Got the Korean Burger.  Eh.  It was super sweet.  Overpowering sweet.  The meat was cooked really well but the flavors just didn't work.  Truffle mac and cheese was just not good.  Texture, flavor, cheesiness, just off.  The Grasshopper shake was very good but didn't get me to any level of drunkiness and the onion rings were pretty good.  There are better hamburger places out there.
5	THIS IS FOR THE CRISPY PORK BELLY SLIDERS ONLY ****http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/P7pxQFqr7yBKMMI2J51udw?select=xEF1cmAPXZksUYtU3OGNZAO.M.G. This was AMAZING. I'm Chinese, meaning I'm used to eating Peking Duck at every single big family dinner, so my palette for this dish is highly refined. But shoooot this crispy pork belly is a delicious rendition of the Peking Duck...dare I say even BETTER than the OG dish??+ The pork belly is PERFECTLY cooked. Crispy on the outside (a little bit of burnt so you can taste the smokiness!), and extremely tender inside.+ Fresh cilantro and herb complements, with jalapenos on the side for those non-spicy eaters!+ Hoisin sauce is a must! XOXO+ LOVED the buns! Although it was thick, it complemented all the ingredients and didn't leave you feeling that you just ate too much dough+ It was NOT dripping with oil!!! I'm in Vegas, so I don't want to feel more bloated from anything else (except from the alcohol of course), and surprisingly, this didn't make me feel disgusting afterwards!+ The best part? It came in 3! Sharing is caring (:Definitely zee best dish at Holsteins. Forget the burgers, CRIPSY PORK BELLY FTW!
2	The burgers, fries and shakes we were anticipating were just mediocre.  Service so sketchy that the manager finally took our order.  Much better available elsewhere with more choices, better service, location and happier employees@
5	Dear Holsteins,When I first laid eyes on you, I knew it was meant to be. Your name. Your hip, too-good-to-be-a-burger-joint atmosphere. Your alcohol-infused, belly-busting milkshakes. Your everything. Then I tasted you. Again and again. I couldn't get enough. Now I'm sitting here missing you, wishing I could be near you again, gazing at you and inhaling your savory offerings.Why did I leave you behind? I want to be close to you again. I want to make sweet, sweaty love to you. I want to bury my face in your buns. Oh Holsteins, how I love you.
3	Being the beer (and hamburger) lovers that my friends and I are, we decided to pay a visit to the often praised Holsteins Shakes and Buns.  I have to say that I was a little disappointed in the food.  Thankfully, some good craft beer made up for this.  We started with a bucket of popcorn, which seems to be a gastropub sort of trend these days in Vegas.  Popcorn is popcorn, and by that measure I guess it was good.  I ordered the bulgolgi burger ($16.50).  I expected an interesting flavored ala Bachi burger.  What I got was a mediocre burger, unfortunately. Although I ordered it medium rare, it came medium well.  The patty was dry, and the buns seemed a little hard as well.  I ordered the steak fries, which were drenched in saltiness.  I was thankful for this though because I tasted a skinny fry, and it was crunchy and over fried.  While Holstein's burgers were a let down for the price, the beer selection for me was redeeming. While not the best beer offering in Vegas (or The Strip for that matter), they did have Lagunitas IPA and Firestone Walker Pale Ale on draft.  The bottle selection was pretty decent.  All in all there are a couple of better burger/beer places on The Strip.  I can't say that I will be back to Holsteins.
3	Good burgers & shakes, especially the Gold Standard burger. Would be so much better if the service was more consistent. Servers often disappear for long periods of time and drinks are left unfilled for too long.
5	The food here is EXCELLENT! We grabbed a late dinner before heading to Marquee that night and had a blast!The restaurant is one of the more casual places in the Cosmo, but don't let that make you think that the food is subpar. This may have been the best burger I've ever had and Holstein's is definitely a must visit the next time I'm in town.
5	One of the best burgers I have ever had, if not the best.....and I'm a BIG burger lover.I had the Longhorn Burger (Beef Patty Topped With Texas Smoked Beef Brisket, Whiskey Bbq Sauce, Creamy Cole Slaw & Dill Pickle) for $16.The burger was EPIC and just melted in my mouth....it also comes with french fries. Service was good and they have a nice selection of dranks. I wish I would have gone back for a second meal during my short Begas stay. I guess I have something to look forward to for my next trip to the Begas besides a hangover and lost wages.
3	I stopped by this place after a cross country flight to try one thing and one thing only: the Philly Cheese Steak Spring Rolls. I've heard a few regular Vegas visitors rave about them. So I was on a quest to find out just how special they could possibly be. Located inside the new and hip Cosmopolitan, Holstein's contains a bar area as well as a fair amount of table seating. Grabbing a quick lunch before a meeting, I headed towards a bar space where I noticed the server cleaning up after someone who had just left. After I sat down, another server came up to me and said "Oh no, sir, there's someone sitting there and he'll be right back."Looking at the clear space, I asked "Then why did they just clear all his stuff away?"Before he could answer, I moved farther down the bar and picked another spot. During the rest of my visit, that "man" never came back to his "spot." No apologies or anything. So that was a little rude.  I spied the rolls on the menu and ordered them. When they arrived I knew right away that these were not your average spring rolls. They were quite large. And very good, too. Just picture the best Philly cheese steak you ever had all wrapped up into a perfectly fried spring roll. Then triple that in size. Now you have it. They were outstanding and I'll be back again someday for more. They are also very filling, even though they're on the appetizer menu. So you could easily make this a meal. This place has a little to learn about customer service, but the food lives up to expectations. And after you're done, step outside to your left and get your shoes shined. It's totally worth it. Just trust me.
5	When you are in the mood for a burger and want something with a creative spin, there are plenty of options in this town. This is certainly one of the top ten.You'll love the environment here. It's got a trendy, unique array of decor, much like the rest of the Cosmo. Sort of a street art style. The waiter will definitely pressure you to have alcohol, which is as you'd expect, a bit expensive here. We weren't in the mood for any drinks at the time and were feeling pretty cheap with our groupon in hand so we politely declined. He recommended their award winning Gold standard burger for myself, and their asian style burger for my girlfriend. I must say that they both came out heavenly.Mine was a savory, sirloin steak patty served on blue cheese, arrugula and tomato. I substituted an egg in place of the bacon. Not particularly unique but what can I say-- it was love at first bite. The meat just melted off the burger with each bite, the arrugala complimented the rest of the flavors so well. I devoured every last bit, including the steak fries, which are noteworthy here. something about the way they cook their steak fries gives them this dark brown hue, much like the potato logs that you can get at the grocery deli. I absolutely love this style and much prefer it over the yellow, solid texture of the steak fries at Fatburger or Golden Steer.Let me also say that my girlfriends meal was absolutely delightful as well. I ended up finishing the last 1/3 of her burger made with kobe beef and drizzled with a tasty sweet teriyaki glaze. Damn good but I prefer a similar one I had at Bachi. I still think that as far as asian style burgers go, you are better off making a trip to Bachi Burger, but for anything else you ought to give this place a try. Perhaps I wouldn't have been so enthusiastic about the food if I had paid full price. This place is far from cheap and my groupon really helped lessen the burden on my wallet. Still, the burger was just so memorable that I could very well see myself coming back here when I'm in the cosmo again. And we haven't tried the shakes so I guess that alone is a good reason to come back. I thoroughly enjoyed this place and I am confident that you will too--give it a shot.
5	One of the best hamburgers I've had in a while.. Good service, food and shakes!!
4	My husband and I and my friend went there 2 weeks ago. We had a great meal and the burgers were just awesome!!!! They do have a great combination for each of their burgers. I got a Gold Standard, my husband got a Nom Nom Burger, my friend got a Rising Sun. We all enjoyed our burgers so much. My husband also got a smore shake (asked for non-alcoholic) and it was great.I really love my Gold Standard burger alot, I just love how well the combination of the ingredients work as they tasted so great when they joined together in my mouth. It was a great great burger and it's worth the money to have such a great burger! The server was very nice and gave good service too. We will be back!
5	Been here a couple times and it's a must if you're hankering for a burger. - Rising Sun: Kobe beef with a tempura avocado, genius. I ask for the teriyaki glaze on the side because it's too sweet for me and I also add a fried egg ($1). It's freaking awesome - just get it already. - Gold Standard: the aged goat cheddar cheese was too overpowering for me. It's good just not as good as Rising Sun.- Korean Bullgogi: the kimchi was good. A little on the sweet side. Bottom line - just get The Rising Sun. I prefer the steak fries out of the shoestring fries, onion rings and steak fries but they're all really good. Shakes: don't make the mistake I did and get them to-go. You do not get as much as you would dining in and everyone knows the best part of a shake is that extra in the silver mixing cup. - Cereal: my favorite so far and I like the captain crunch. - Cow Float: pop rocks sounded cool. That's it - just a float. - Drunken Monkey: like eating a candy bar  if that's what you want. Overall, good burgers but at a price. If you were lucky and snagged a groupon, nice because after talking with the manager, it doesn't seem like they plan on doing it again.
5	Wow.  One of the best burgers I've had in a very long time, and the overall meal was exceptional and reasonably priced.  Went with a buddy of mine for a late lunch, expecting to pop in and out, but this was a meal worth savoring.  I got the Lobster Truffled Mac & Cheese to start, which was slightly runnier than I would have liked, due to what the waiter referred to as "copious amounts of tellagio and mascarpone cheeses", but the dish was flavorful and solid.The real treat however was the burger.  My friend and I both had the Gold Standard, his without the goat cheddar in favor of regular cheddar, and mine with.  They were both cooked perfectly, which is hard to do when you get an order for "Extremely Rare, and I mean mooing", but they nailed it.  They nailed my medium rare as well, and the combination of the tomato confit in place of standard tomato (simply brilliant idea, why have I not seen that done before?) and the strong cheese combined with a thick, juicy, perfectly prepared piece of bacon and garlic-chive aoili made it the first burger I haven't put ketchup on in I can't even remember how long, and I'm so glad I did.  Ketchup would have destroyed this exquisitely crafted creation.Despite the raving, I considered giving this review 4 starts rather than 5 due to the consistency of the appetizer and the over-saltiness of the steak fries that came with my burger, but ultimately, those trivial details pale in comparison to the awesome that was that burger.  If you're in Vegas, and you're looking for a meal that won't break your budget and will give you plenty to talk about, try out Holsteins.  You will not be sorry.  Also, if waitresses that are easy on the eyes are your thing, I suggest sitting at the bar and ordering from there.
4	Rising Sun and Golden Standard is definitely a must have! They use Kobe and Dry aged beef! Awesome beer selection and the ambiance absolutely fit the 'cosmopolitan' feel. If you want to skip the line to Marquee on Friday or Saturday, hang out here. Same Dj, less crowds, better drinks.. I mean where else can you have a burger and fist pump??
4	Great burgers constructed with amazing combination of ingredients.The environment is laid back, but the service is spot on! Definitely a greatplace to catch a game and grab a bite. The beer selection is great too!!
4	This place was pretty, but our waitress was pretty rude. She barely came over to check on us and the place wasn't even that busy. Whenever she spoke to us she wouldn't even look at us and that really pissed me off. But yeah the burgers were really good. What I didn't like was their advertised alcoholic shakes. Me and my friend ordered two of those and we didn't taste any alcohol in it, I really don't think they had any. But I got the breakfast shake with capt'n crunch inside. Was a good shake but wish it had any alcohol in it. I'd probably come back here in the future just for their burgers though.
4	We attended the NAB Show this year and stopped by Holsteins for dinner.  Since none have eaten here before, we decided to order three different burgers and share.   So here is how they ranked.  Number one was definitely the Billionaire's burger: Kobe Beef, Foie Gras, Port Onion Marmalade, Frisee, Truffle Mayo.  TO DIE FOR!  Second was the Gold Standard: Dry Aged Beef Sirloin Burger With Smoked Bacon, Aged Goat Cheddar Cheese, Tomato Confit, Baby Arugula & Garlic-Chive Aioli.  It is their signature burger.  The third was The Rising Sun.  I think it was our least favorite because we were so full by the time we tried it.  It was good but turned out to be too rich at the moment.  Overall, they were all really tasty and I recommend everyone (even if burgers are not your thing) to try this place at least once! I was in Burger Heaven that night!
3	I stopped in on a Tuesday, so it was very slow. The gorgeous waitresses were looking bored, since no one was at the tables and instead were filling up the bar. Service was lack luster. The bartender had the end of his shift on his mind. The burger was good, but maybe the service made it less yummy. I got the rising sun which was a little over glazed for me. I have had too many good burger experiences else where in Vegas to ever come back here again.
5	Excellent & unique burgers, along with a great selection of beers.  Their alcoholic shakes were quite tasty as well - my friend had the Cereal Bowl (very sugary) and I had the Black Cow Float (very good).  I've had the Gold Standard burger; not a fan - goat cheddar overpowers the burger.  Instead, I would recommend the Rising Sun - oooh, so delicious.  The tempura avocado was the excellent icing on the cake.
4	The decor and atmosphere is fun.  I don't think Vegas is ever THAT kid friendly though, so people watching is entertaining at all times of the day in this city.  The menu is extensive, so there is something for everyone I felt.  The shake wasn't stand out like I was hoping got the smores one because our server told us it was the most popular one.  I ordered this first and she actually brought it out last so maybe my taste buds were tired from the rest of the meal. We got the coconut shrimp which had a GREAT crispy texture to it without the oily taste.  My friends got the rising sun and urth burger.  I got the gold standard -- everyone was pleased.  We got the steak, sweet potato and shoestring fries.  We all preferred different ones, but weren't blown away by the fries as much as our burgers.  No shame, add an egg to everything....anything.Service: kind of slow, but they were busy.  We also had someone who was training.  She tried; I can appreciate that.  I can't wait to try the mac n cheese, chicken fingers & waffles, more shakes, and um all the burgers. Overall: tummy stuffed and satisfied.
5	I came here specifically for the Urth Burger with no intention to even glance at the milkshake section of the menu. But somehow my eyes were caught by the words "Guava Float."Damn, that sounds good. Skyy Citrus Vodka, house-made guava soda, coconut sorbet, pink bubble sugar, completely dairy-free! I just had to order it. Damn... http://su.pr/1OTBxJSipping on this fruity paradise made the atmosphere a little more tolerable. You see, I had flown into Vegas early that morning, spent most of the afternoon walking all around the strip and all I wanted was a quiet relaxing dinner. Little did I know that the Marquee nightclub was right next door and Holsteins tries to draw in that Saturday night crowd with a DJ playing loud booming music and having the waitresses wear short, tight, red dresses. But somehow, the Guava Float ($11) made all of that tolerable. I couldn't taste the booze but I was feeling that buzz :)The Urth Burger ($13) was rockin! House-made vegan patty, lettuce, tomato, cucumber, sprouts & avocado. Yummmmmm!!! The skinny fries that it came with were also dangerously addictive. http://su.pr/2KKpvMThe artwork in here, which I think is created by a local artist, is kickass! One of my favorites: http://su.pr/6tjK9nAs good as everything was, it was also extremely filling. Thank goodness for leftovers that save me money while in Vegas! And yes, next day Urth Burger with skinny fries are still good!Great food, great service, fun atmosphere. Who would've thought that a vegan can not only survive but be amazed by a burger & milkshake restaurant! Viva Las Vegas :)
3	Second visit here, sadly was not as impressed as the first. The good: attentive wait staff and a bustling high energy environment with a phenomenal beer selection. The bad: food wad quite simply mediocre, not at all as appealing as my first visit. Chicken wings were standard fare, similar to Applebees/insert Chain here style. Machete burger was nothing special- cooked properly, but possessing nothing out of the ordinary. It was to be expected for a generic $7 burger, but for nearly three times that, I expected more.
5	Came here for a pre-concert meal by a suggestion of a friend. Couldn't thank him enough!We arrived around 630 and had no wait at all to be seated as a party of 4. Loved the funky feel of the decor it stood amongst the rest of the trendy burger place popped up all over Vegas lately. For starters we got the chicken buffalo dip (must try!), the lobster mac n cheese (I'm not much a seafood person and I still enjoyed it), and the fried pickles (who doesn't like fried pickles). The GM (Sergio) came over and greeted us and was very helpful giving his suggestions as to what to order. For entrees the other 3 in the group all ordered the "rising sun" and per Sergio's suggestion my hubby added a fried egg. I went against the stream and ordered the "korean bullgogi". All of us were speachless when the food arrived and all agreed it would be awhile before we could ever eat a burger from anywhere else cause we didnt want to tarnish the taste of these burgers!Before heading out my girlfriend and I ordered some of the adult shakes to go. She got the grasshopper and I ordered the guava float. Both again were well worth the cost of $11 (really a steal considering you'll pay about $15 for a red bull/ vodka at a casino floor bar). Yes the prices may be a bit much for burgers but really wasn't isn't pricey about Vegas anymore! And for the freshness and quality you get at Holsteins its well worth every penny. This will be one of my must return to spots for future Vegas trips, even if just a stop at the bar to grab another shake.
4	Been here twice, and YUM!  The shakes are de-lish.  The turkey burger is so yummy!  So are many of the others.  If you are looking for a casual, fun, and tasty place for lunch or dinner, this is a great pic.
4	A slightly more upscale version of your normal burger/shake joint with a vibrant and lively atmosphere!  The menu options are unique and every burger description screams order me....we ended up going with the Gold Standard (voted best burger in Vegas according to the bartender) and the Rising Sun.  While the Gold Standard was really not my favorite (misled by the bartender...), mostly because the aged goat cheddar cheese overwhelmed all the other flavors, the Rising Sun was the bomb diggity!  I chose to add a fried egg to the Kobe Beef, Teriyaki Glaze, Nori Furikake, Crispy Yam, Spicy Mayo & Tempura Avocado goodness that made up this burger....perfect mixture of flavors and textures.  The fries were just typical, nothing special really with the shoe string or sweet potato fries.   I'm a big fan of really just this Rising Sun burger...I don't know if I would frequent this place all the time since the burgers are a little pricey.   Definitely comparable to the Bachi Burger concept....but I think I may prefer Bachi over this place....especially given the price point and the options for fries are better at Bachi.
4	I have previously professed my Vegas burger love for Stripburger, but Holstein's come in a very respectable second to my favorite burger spot on the strip, if only for the price.  Holstein's is a fairly new face on the strip, but it has already far exceeded Burger Bar and BLT Burger, among the plethora of other mediocre upscale burger joints on the strip.  The burgers are obviously top notch, and the creativity on some of the burgers is really refreshing; more importantly, it's executed perfectly.  There isn't really much else that needs to be said about the burgers at Holstein's, aside from try as many as possible, because they are all good.  What separates Holstein's from the ever growing crowd of burger spots is their appetizers.  The kimchi quesadillas, the philly cheese steak eggrolls, the incredible pork buns - there is no way to properly describe how good some of these appetizers are.  And the kicker, at least for me, is that they are different.  How many places, especially burger joints, serve kimchi quesadillas? As far as I can tell, not too many.  The incredible creativity that is seen in the burger menu is also seen in the appetizers and the rest of the menu - and again, it's all executed flawlessly.  I personally am not a big drinker, but I have tried one of their alcohol infused shakes, and it was delicious as well.  The service here is always great, but this place can get slammed in the evenings and the bar can get rather loud, especially if there is a big game on the TVs, so I would definitely recommend this as a lunch destination if possible.  Bottom line: if you're looking to spend a bit of money for a good burger, Holstein's should be your go to spot from here on out.
3	I've been looking forward to trying Holstein's since reading an article on their unique and exceptional desserts. I finally got there last night, and boy was I excited. I'd read positive reviews and food suggestions earlier in the day so I knew exactly what I wanted. To my surprise, it was dinnertime on Friday and we got seated right away. There were several open tables, but the hostess seated us at one of the smallest tables in the restaurant...and the top of it wobbled when we moved our arms. My husband ordered a $6 root beer and I got the $11 cereal bowl shake. My husband's glass was dirty and he asked to exchange it with a clean one...no apology, but at least the 2nd glass was clean. My shake was good, but I couldn't taste the flavored vodka at all. I ordered the rising sun burger medium-well and my husband got the gold standard medium-rare, both with steakfries. When the burgers arrived, they looked delicious, but not nearly as "pretty" as in the photos in the gallery on their website. I tried a crispy fry first and burned the roof of my mouth...those little metal pails must really hold in the heat!? Both of our burgers were tasty, but came overcooked. And my beef patty was a lot thinner than I anticipated. I think the burgers are called "big buns" because the bun's bigger than the burger and fixin's! The waitress brought our bill without asking if we wanted dessert...the main reason why I wanted to try the place! I told her we wanted to order the candy store, and she said, "Oh, since you ordered the shake, I just figured you wouldn't want dessert too. Most people don't get both." It might've been all the cool piggy artwork surrounding me, but that was a bit offensive and made me feel like a lil' piggy! The dessert was the best part of the meal...especially the shooters on the bottom. It was fun eating cotton candy in a restaurant! It was adorable! But I wouldn't say their handmade candies are worth $15. I probably won't return to Holstein's after dropping $81 at the mediocre burger joint with fun desserts. Atmosphere was fun and artwork was amazing! (Wanted to end on a positive note.)
3	The online reservations we made through Yelp were completely worthless, as we still had to wait nearly an hour before we were seated. Plus, the hostess was just kinda bitchy in general... It really dampened the mood.  Thankfully, our waitress was nicer and pretty on top of everything. We tried both kinds of fries and neither were great, but their chocolate milkshake just made it into my top three ever. My "Longhorn" burger was delicious, but it would have been plenty of food if it were just a beef brisket sandwich, but of course there was a huge burger patty on there too... seriously filling.Jim G. really summed it up great when they described the atmosphere as "bordering on douchey" ... It doesn't help that they are inside the drunk-girl trendy Cosmopolitan hotel, right next to the dayclub/nightclub.
4	A great place for kicked up comfort food.  Burgers, oh yeah.  The Longhorn Burger with brisket on top of the patty is to die for (and also remotely possible if you finish this).  Great creative Philly cheese steak spring roll appetizer.  The bread is really good here, as is the service.  Enjoyed atmosphere too.  A good stop.  Avoid the Lollipop dessert though - not good and definitely overpriced.
5	This place is pretty cool and pretty delicious.  It reminds me of some of my favorite restaurants in San Diego -- delicious twists on your everyday food (philly cheese steak spring rolls and truffle lobster mac n cheese?!?) and of course a huge beer selection.  Despite the huge temptation that the appetizer menu drew, I'd picked this place with burgers in mind and so I stuck with burgers and wasn't disappointed.The Gold Standard Burger (beef sirloin, bacon, goat cheese, tomato confit, arugula & garlic-chive aioli) was excellent and cooked to medium perfection.  I payed a bit extra to have sweet potato fries instead of the shoestring, and though they were tasty I preferred the shoe string that I got to try off my boyfriends' plate.  The burger in addition to being a hefty portion was also flavorful in every way.  I was HUGELY satisfied.  Also tried the yummy artichoke guacamole (served with fresh made pita chips).The atmosphere is kind of urban/trendy with fun, bright colored paintings on the walls.  The wait wasn't long on a Sunday afternoon (no one ahead of our large party, we just had to wait until the staff got a table together).  We had a hot waitress and plenty of other people walking around to bus tables and refill drinks and waters.  The whole experience was worth five stars and I can't wait to go back to Vegas and eat here again.
5	Awesome boozy milkshakes. Try the almond joy!!! Really good food... Especially after a night out. Great service. As a local the only downside was the amount of drunk tourists that would not leave me and my friends alone. Other than that... Awesome.
4	Stumbled upon this place via Yelp because my friend was craving chicken strips. After getting seated by a cute and cheerful waitress, we got to snack on popcorn while we looked over the menu. (Free popcorn is always a positive in my book!) I ordered the Gold Standard Burger since everyone was raving about it on Yelp. The burger was good, but I have to say.. the fries were definitely drool worthy.They had a large variety of "Bam Boozled Shaks" aka boozed up milkshakes. I had a bit of my friend's Oreo Milkshake = yum! (And I don't even like chocolate..)By the way, if you check in on FourSquare, you get a free pint of draft beer!Love love love the cute cow art decor all over the restaurant. It's super cute and lively. They also have TV all over the place so you could watch the games that were going on.
4	Super yummy hamburgers, milk shakes and french fries.  I got a milk shake called a drunken monkey and practically licked the cup when it was done.  My only complaint that there is a really limited kids menu and for two adults, one child and three milk shakes was a little over $90.  Also highly recommend that you call ahead to get seating!  Thankfully we bypassed the 45 minute wait and was seated immediately.
4	I ate here in early May on my semi-annual trip to Vegas. I found out about this place through Groupon. The restaurant was very nice and the staff quite friendly. I got there right when they opened so it was easy to get a table. I ordered onion rings as an app....they were very good, but waaaay to much for one person. I asked them if they could make me a kobe beef burger done up as The Classic and they were happy to comply. They also brought some popcorn to my table. I didn't like it, but it was free so who cares. The burger was delicious, fries were good, and I also enjoyed the onion rings. Nothing to complain about, except it's probably a little pricey for my taste. I would probably not go back because there are so many places on the Strip i want to try, but if you like burgers you should check it out.
5	best. burger. ever.
3	Fun setting with some decent people watching and sexy servers.  (It's Vegas).  Shakes were decent, sliders were not very good. My friends burger was ok.
4	Located inside of The Cosmopolitan, this place already gets a thumbs up for location. The burgers are the best restaraunt burgers I have ever eaten. They are thick and juicy and the milkshakes are awesome. All of the shakes come with some little candies sprinkled on top and they are so good. I got the skinny fries with my burger and I was not disappointed. If you are in Vegas you must take the time to go try this place. I promise you will love it.
4	Great burger joint inside the Cosmo! Nice decor and atmosphere. Our table was wobbly, so being a designer in for the Hospitality Expo, I was a little po'd at this since everything else in this hotel is exquisitely designed. But, won't knock off points for that.The food: ordered the "Nom nom" burger...Kobe beef burger with cheese. It didn't come with lettuce, tomatoes, etc., but they're available for the asking. Overall, very good...not as melt-in-your-mouth as the kobe burger at one of Wolfgang Puck's restuarants, but tasty none the less. Got it with steak fries...again, good, but about the same as what you could get at say Fuddruckers or KFC; nothing special, but still good.Service: Good. We could tell our server was either tired or just tired of working in Vegas, but at least she still made an effort to smile. Another server who accidentally poured water into my 1/2 empty Sprite glass was better and more fun. We all laughed, she realized her "super fail" (as she exclaimed), apologized and provided me with extra soda and popcorn...which had me thinking, "why didn't our main server give us popcorn when we first sat down??"  Again, neither here nor there.For the guys(& maybe some of you ladies): the servers in the bar area...wow. Very hot asian ladies in tight red mini-dresses?! Take that, Hooters!Overall, a nice casual place to eat amongst the swankier places in the Cosmopolitan. Definitely better than some of the other burger offerings in Vegas. Guys, if your girl doesn't wanna leave "The Chandelier" bar, just go up and have a burger & watch the game at Holsteins! You're welcome.
5	Great place to get a quick bite to eat when you are in the Cosmopolitan.  Service is adequate.  first time we ate here, it was a tad slow, but the food was delivered quickly.  the second time, the waiter was really good.The burgers are awesome.  I had the Gold Standard both times.  Highly recommend.  I wanted to try something else the second time, but couldn't get over how good it was the first time.  Didn't try a shake, but that's for next time.
2	I had really high expectations for this place after reading all the great reviews. I'm not sure if it's just me or maybe it was an off day but I've had plenty of burgers better than this. I will say though that the shakes they have are amazing, try to stay away from the floats. We spent about $76 incl. tip on two burgers and two shake/floats. gold standard- I asked for my burger medium and it came out to medium well. I really didn't like the meat and it was $17! $17 is okay for me as long as it tastes good, but it was dry and pretty bland.i understand that every restaurant on the strip is expensive, but don't come here expecting SHAKE SHACK quality and i know it's wrong of me to compare since shake shack is located only in NYC, but there is no comparison. Maybe it was an off day when i went since they weren't very busy but our burgers took forever to arrive.
4	In my quest to try the best burgers on the west coast, I came here with friends recently to give it a try while on vacation. The decor was really cute (I never comment on stuff like this, so the fact that it caught my eye means a lot). Burgers were pretty good, nothing off the charts amazing, but I'd go with the Rising Sun burger (Gold Standard was probably second best). Sides were somewhat overdone, but not terrible either. The savoir of this place was the milkshakes. DEAR GOD SO GOOD. 4 of us split the campfire smores and the raspberry lemon cheesecake, both were amazing. You knew there was alcohol in there, but the shakes weren't overpowered by the alcohol (or by the sugary stuff to cover up the booze) I'd definitely recommend this place, if for nothing else the milkshakes
5	Real text sent to friend - "You MUST eat at Holstein's buns and shakes next time you're in Vegas and order the Gold Standard med rare w/ onion rings! You must!!!"One more addition to this review...Amanda, our server was entertaining and knowledgeable.  She made the meal that much better.  You should definitely ask to be seated in Amanda's section.
5	So we decided to go here our last day at the cosmopolitan before heading back down to LA, and i have to say, it was a very good decision.Service:excellent.  our waiter was always around while we were looking through the menu to give us suggestions and answer any questions and was very knowledgeable of the menu.  drinks were always full and extra sauce was brought out fastAtmosphere:a little casual and kicked back feeling, but still a little more fancy than most casual places just due to how it felt in the restaurant probably because of the lighting and the layoutFood:  (the most important part, right?)I will start out by saying that if you have ever been to Unami, it is very much like that, but i felt it was even better.  I got the gold standard burger, and it was very good.  the patty had that great fluffy texture and not super packed like at most burger places which made it extra juicy.  the tomato mix they put on it made it very much like bruschetta and was a nice change from just a plain old tomato.  the arugula on it added a nice bitter taste to contrast with the tomato and meat, along  with the bite from the goat cheese cheddar that they put on.  just to throw it out there, the goat cheese threw me for a loop because i am used to goat cheese being very soft like it usually is, but the goat cheese cheddar on the burger was a pretty hard texture, almost like a parmesan but it still had that amazing goat cheese taste.  the bun was to me a standard type bun that you would expect at a gourmet burger place, but it was toasted just right and soaked up the juice from the burger patty very well.  I also got an order of the shoestring fries which were seasoned perfectly that i didn't even bother asking for anything to do them in (i usually dip my fries in blue cheese dressing).  the fries were very crispy since they were pretty thin, but salted perfectly and there was a decent sized portion of them also.the only thing that wasn't super awesome to me was the prices (i believe the gold standard was around $17) but for typical vegas prices, it isn't too bad.  and considering it was bigger and better than unami for around the same price, it isn't that big of a deal.  I will return again to try something different off the menu.
4	As described, shakes and buns.Have made several stops for a quick bite on each of my stops to the Cosmo since opening. Friendly attentive staff. I'm often traveling alone so I love the availability to grab a seat at the bar even during hot hours as they have a good sized lounge area for groups to sit while awaiting tables or just having cocktails. The place does get loud often competing with the PA and the club across the floor in the evenings.Shakes are rich and tasty whether you get boozed or not. The Big Fat Greek burger is delicious and I've had several good salad entrees as well. Don't skip the sweet potato fries!
4	Came back to Holstein's because my gf had a groupon.  This time, my burger was not as good as before. I ordered the Nom Nom burger (sounds cool right?!) Well it has chips in it but the chips were bland and there basically wasn't much else in this burger =(  My gf ordered the steakhouse burger which was really good! Lucky for me she got full fast and I was able to finish her burger muHAHAHAHA!Our order was messed up with the fries so our waitress gave us sweet potato fries on the house. you can add a bunch of toppings to your burger but I don't think it's worth it, just stick to the regular recipes.
5	One of the greatest dining experiences I've had all year, maybe all life.Burger was succulent, excellent roll, each bite was juicy and delicious.The Oreo Milkshake had some amazing aftertastes, and the entire experience from onion rings to fried pickles was a heavy one.  I went into a food coma afterwards for about 1/2 a day.  We ate at 4 p.m., and I was done for the rest of the day!Highly, highly recommended.
4	We've been back a few times, most recently this past Memorial Day weekend. BF had the Nom Nom (Kobe beef) burger. Nothing too fancy but a great basic burger. He loved it. I had the salmon salad of all things and I was so pleasantly surprised. Great flavor on the vinaigrette and nice ingredients all around - not too ambitious and over filled with stuff.The best thing always though is the alcoholic milkshake for dessert. This time we had the Blueberry Pie and it was heavenly. Always worth a stop at the Cosmopolitan.
5	I decided to try this place out after work & what a lively, happening atmosphere I walked into. You can easily access this restaurant, which is located in the Cosmopolitan Hotel by entering in their garage parking & find a spot in the East side area. Once you get in the elevator, hit the button #2 that says Wicked Spoon and Convention Center. When you come out, walk to your right & in seconds you'll be hearing some jammin' music & see an array of colorful artwork all over this place.I checked in with the hostess & was told to walk in the middle of the room, where another hostess was waiting to escorted me to my table. Quick & prompt just the way I like it ;) I sat in front of two nice sized flat screen tvs to watch the sports channel. It was literally a money spot. Front row view & nobody to block lil' ol' me. I like this spot.. oh yes I do.My server, Jonathan acknowledged my presence & was greeted ever so swiftly as he finished with an order from another party. Giving me his undivided attention, he did the squat to talk to me, which I felt was a better way in interacting and actually connecting with a guest. A more personable approach I would say... I asked him if there was any way I could take my food to go, since I explained that I would like to share it with my Family and he was more than willing to oblige my request. He went over the menu with me & gave me the highlights on each item I was interested in trying. I appreciate his honesty on how I should get my Salmon cooked and what I could possibly add if I would like it to be more juicy & flavor in the Turkey choice that I ordered. Jonathan was very helpful and didn't mind taking the time to let me know what he thought would enhance my dining experience. Kudos to that & without even giving me my food yet & I gave him his well deserved tip. I think he even bowed & said thank you so much. Wait.. I think I bowed to him first?!?? Eh it's in my culture to bow when I appreciate & respect someone. Koreans have a certain hand gesture when giving someone a card, dish, drink, anything exchanging from one another. Don't mind me.. I'm just being ME.Tom Turkey Sliders ( comes in 3's ) from the Tiny Buns Section - When you first glance at these trios... Adorably cute. It consists of sprouts, cucumber slaw, & Russian dressing on the side. The dressing itself is between a hint of Horseradish & Thousand Island Dressing. It gives off a tangy bite at first, then instantly mellows out like cream. The tiny buns oddly enough had the texture of taffy.. a bit on the dry side, But I ended up liking the chewy bites. I generously dipped my slider in the dressing & although it wasn't all grand slam.. I was pleasantly happy with the meat portion, which was thick & juicy. Crispy Pork Belly Bun - ( comes in 3's ) Think of Peking Duck Steamed Bun & instead of chives, its thinly sliced cucumber & pea shoots. I swear there was cilantro in the mix too. The hoisin sauce is more like a Chinese barbeque-like sauce that has somewhat a balanced mix of tangy, salty, and sweetness some fruity undertones. The steamed buns were fluffy and so soft. The pork belly was nicely cooked to perfection in such a way, being so tender, yet crisp on the outer portions of the meat. A combination that anybody would love.Captain Hook - I ordered the grilled Atlantic Salmon medium as my server recommended and it looked ravishing. I would say this is a good looking burger. Succulent and vibrant. Marvelous in taste combining the house cured gravlax aka thinly sliced raw salmon atop with the grilled salmon. Together with pickled shallots, herb-caper mayo, and frissee leaves.. This was definitely a Hit for me, especially if you like textured meats. I chose the shoestring instead of steakcut fries that comes with this meal. Thin, crispy, and tasty! I have to note.. the meat was unbelievably moist and juicy. I'm Hook'ed!My Family and I enjoyed all the burgers. The music at Holstein's is fresh. Even made me want to workout in my mouth and tapped Both of my feet to the beats. Friendly staff and wonderful service. I would recommend Jonathan again to be my server. I did observe his interaction with his guests while waiting for my food to go. He was exceptionally polite and attentive to every table he had. I even heard compliments to him from another table next to me. I did skip on the shakes this time, but the Oreo is my favorite! The artwork here is uniquely admirable. I like the way they hold this place down with colors that will tickle your sweet tooth. Great location for people watching and even mingling :P
4	So my first time visiting the Cosmopolitan, and wow, gaudy. This hotel is the hip spot now, but I guarantee the chandelier get-up will be looking dated sooner than anyone thinks. The dining area feels so much like a regular mall that I was longing for the painted clouds in almost every other casino's faux outdoor mall experience. The wait was long, so we sat in the bar lounge across from a World Series of Poker player and her spunky blonde friend. At one point the WSP player went to grab something from her room and a very large man sat on the loveseat right next to the friend. When my companion told him the seat was taken, the very large man replied, "I know," and proceeded to flirt with the lady. Baller!Anyway, Holstein's makes a really great burger. Had the Korean 'Bull'gogi - its sweet soy marinated beef, fried egg, kimchee slaw, chili mayo, and kalbi glaze had almost nothing to do with any of those items as they're found in Koreatown, but boy, was it tasty. I just have to take a moment and acknowledge the concept (heretofore unexperienced by me) of adding a fucking fried egg to a fucking burger. Hot damn, that's a good gimmick! Volleys right over the nutritionally bankrupt bacon-wrapped hot dog, I'm sure. So yeah, that was awesome. The sweet potato fries were good, and the fresh fruit cocktails were solid. The wait staff were particularly nice. Vegas prices but hey, we're in Vegas.
5	off the charts good... bbq burger topped with briskit!   chocolate shake and fries good also .. though the onion rings at the next table looked better than my fries! every burger combo you could want plus build your own style-- reasonable price considering it was the heart of the strip too!
2	Service: 1 starFood: 3 starsAmbiance: 2 starsAverage: 2 stars.  It's LOUD in here.  So loud you can't hear your dining companions speaking, and apparently so loud that the servers can't hear either, because  our server got every person's order wrong.  Burger with no onion and extra pickle came out wrong.  Turkey burger with no sauce came out wrong.  Regular mojioto came out wrong (it was peach flavored, how does that happen?)   When we pointed out the mojioto was peach, the server told us it wasn't.  After arguing with her for a while (we had to argue?), we invited her to try it.  It was indeed peach.  No apologies from her.  No apologies for the F-d up food orders either. The food was ok, nothing to write home about.  I wouldn't go back, and I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone either.
5	My friend Kim and I stumbled upon this place after finding out the buffet at Cosmo ended early. We found the menu to be quite appetizing. We ordered truffled lobster mac and cheese, steak fries, coconut shrimp, and crispy pork belly buns. Our bill was way less than expected. Under $50 for two people! Service was alright. It was also Memorial weekend. A lot of younger crowds dining here with a good thirty minute wait.
5	One of the most amazing meals I've had.Here's what I ordered:- Rising Sun- Nom Nom- Drunken Monkey Shake- Lobster mac n' cheeseI just came back this weekend, but I would go back in a heart beat!
5	Went there twice in 2 days and I must say it has some of the best burgers Ive had. Maybe not as good as the ones at Olives, Bradley Ogden or N9ne but this is a relaxed spot in the Cosmo. Plus its cheaper. We had the Gold standard, Millionaires and the rising sun. All three were  so good but Im glad we decided to share. If you can share with somebody its the best way to choose. Our waitress was really nice and provided great service. I love staying at the Cosmo and cant wait to come back here over and over.
2	Food is great here, but the service need a great deal of improvement! Ex: never check back, refills, dirty dishes all on table.. Don't know if a manager is working or not oh wait she dropped off one of our burgers.
4	My wife and I went here for a late dinner while on our Anniversary Vacation in Vegas. After a 25 minute wait, we were finally seated. It was crowded and LOUD with people and the music. The walls had humurous cartoon murals of a pig in a cow suit doing hilarious things...much funnier than the Chik-fil-a cows!The food was very good and delicious! My wife ordered the Blueberry Pie shake without the booze in it (we're pregnant) and it was just as good as eating the pie itself! Apparently all the shakes can be made with out alcohol, which makes it a bit more helpful if you have kids in tow, although the crowd seemed to be mostly young partiers at that time of night.She ordered the Chicago Dogs which came in 3 mini hot dogs, they were flavorful and the bun was really tender. I took the server's advice and tried the Gold Standard burger (which was one of the number one rated burgers on the LV Strip so I was told). It was very good and juicy full of flavor and on a good bun. The Shoestring fries came out a bit cold. Everything was pricey as expected for a restaurant in the Cosmopolitan but the quality was all there along with the service. Overall, minus the LouD noise and the wait time, it was worth the good tasting food!
2	We went to Holsteins before and I thought it was much better before they changed the menu.I was so excited to have a group on for this place and had two great meals here prior.  We had the pork belly buns as an appetizer. Recently had the peking duck buns at Bachi Burger and although these were okay, they didn't even compare to the Bachi ones.I also had a comparable kalbi burger.  Again, the winner goes to Bachi Burger.   In trying to create a asian-fusion burger, leave it to the asians...it was good, but lacking certain flavors, spices.  It's the difference between Chinatown cuisine and PF Changs.  Both can be good, but you can't beat authentic chinese.  My wife had the Greek style lamb burger.  Now, we had this when they had the slider version a few months back and it was incredible.  I remember being blown away by it.  This full sized burger was dry, not juicy at all.  It had some nice seasoning, but I wasn't too impressed.  All in all, pretty pricey and not even close to what I remember...I'll choose Bradley Ogden for my high end burger any day; and Bachi Burger for my fusion burger.If you want a great meal in the Cosmo, I suggest Milos or Secret Pizza!
3	Burger was tasty, onion rings crisp and the service slow.  I left satisfied.
2	Tried this place out last week during the Yeezy II campout at CRSVR. Hubby and I ordered 1 appetizer and 1 burger meal to share. Total tab $30 - Cheesesteak Spring Rolls and Hen House Burger with two waters...The spring rolls were good, I'll admit, but the overall meal and service was not great at all. I'd quickly pick Red Robin over this place any time.It's located at the heart of The Cosmopolitan, so it's an easy try for anyone who is starving and looking for some burger grub.Honestly, just head one floor up and grab a slice of pizza or even a whole pie and be done with your hunger angst...the escalator or elevator ride up is much more worth it than wasting your money here.
5	This restaurant has a fun set up consisting of a bar area, seating area with couches and low tables, and a normal dining area with tables and chairs. Get the couch area if you can! They really weren't lying when they said they had the best burgers in Vegas. The lobster mac n' cheese is small so don't worry about getting full and not making it to the burger. The Gold Standard was delicious and consisted of bacon and meat and more meat.
4	While most normal people would order a burger at Holsteins I went with a black & white shake, artichoke hummus and sweet potato fries. Perhaps a strange combination, but don't judge me...I'm pregnant. In this rare instance my eyes turned out to be bigger than my growing stomach because I put a pretty good dent in the fries, drank about half the shake, but didn't have much room for the hummus. Although to be honest the hummus was pretty nasty. However, the fries and shake totally hit the spot.Holsteins was absolutely packed late night on a Friday, but we were able to enjoy the full menu from the lounge area. My husband raved about his Korean Bull Gogi and cocktail, which I may be up for trying myself the next time I"m there and not eating for two.
4	Every time I try to come here, the wait is always ridiculous.  I never remember to make reservations either cause, well, it's a burger place!  Finally, this past weekend around 2pm, after a somewhat "short" wait of 40 minutes, I got to try Holsteins.It actually took the 4 of us awhile to look through the menu, and in the end, I went with the Gold Standard, which is a burger with dry aged beef sirloin burger, smoked bacon, aged goat cheddar cheese, tomato confit, baby arugula & garlic-chive aioli.  I ordered it medium rare and came with a nice pink middle.  What really caught my attention about the Gold Standard was the dry aged beef, since dry aging beef condenses the beef flavor, and wow that burger was juicy.  Out of all 4 burgers, mine was the only one that had juices dripping down my fingers, even versus the Kobe beef burgers!The toppings were all great, especially the aged goat cheddar.  You can tell it's a little different than your normal cheddar.  The garlic-chive aioli has a mellow garlic taste.  Besides hoping the bacon was a little bit crispier, the Gold Standard is really a burger that's up there in the burger world.  It's just a very tasty burger and I can see why it is so popular!I also tried a bit of the Rising Sun, as well as the Korean Bull-gogi.  The Rising Sun is more of an Asian fusion burger, with teriyaki glaze and a tempura avocado that sits on top of the burger.  It also has a Kobe beef patty, so the whole burger had this velvety smooth texture thanks to the fatty patty and the smooth creamy avocado!  I would like a bit more teriyaki sauce though.As for the Korean Bull-gogi burger, the patty is marinated to give it extra flavor.  The best part is definitely the fried egg that sits on top.  Who can resist the egg yolk just running all over the kimchi slaw and the beef patty??Out of all the fries, I liked the steak cut fries the most.  Crunchy exterior with a creamy potato center.  Onion rings were great as well.  The shoestring fries were a little stale to me.Now, with shakes as part of its name, we knew we had to try a few of their shakes and ended up getting the Black Cow Float and the Frozen Grasshopper.  Black Cow Float is a fun and somewhat nostalgic shake since it is more like a coke flat with the ice cream rather than a true shake.  It even comes with pop rocks!  The Frozen Grasshopper is a must for any mint chocolate fans.  Smooth creamy minty frozen goodness.  For both shakes, we could taste the alcohol but it was pretty well masked!They also have a bunch of beers on draft.  The Bosteels Triple Karmeliet is a good one!Price-wise, it is pricey.  Our burgers were around $18, with shakes at $11.  The price should reflect great service but I found the service a bit lacking.  Our waitress only came to check on us twice and it took awhile to get her attention for the check as well.After our meal, I can see why so many people like the burgers at Holsteins.  Can't wait till the next time to try our other burgers!
4	Yummy! Came here on a Sunday afternoon before driving back to the OC and waited for half an hour - which is definitely a loooong time when you're hung over! We ordered the lobster mac and cheese, ahi sliders, and the burger with the sunny side up egg. Everything was delicious!!!!If we weren't hung over, we would have tried the shakes with alcohol in them. Next time...
4	A great place eat great burgers, have a beer, and relax...  I'll be back!   You gotta try the fried pickles too :-)
3	My husband and I had a pleasant dinner at Holsteins. The time estimate for the wait was accurate (about 5-10 mins on a Wednesday evening). The server (Jonathan) was polite and efficient. We were in a bit of a hurry as we tickets for a show that night, and fortunately the food came out quickly.We shared the Caesar salad ($12), which the server split into two plates for us, and the Gold Standard burger with steak fries ($17.50), which we split ourselves with the extra plate. (Note that medium-well was closer to the medium side for our visit.) Everything was tasty, but nothing amazing.
3	Kinda on the fence, but for now I will give 3 stars. Came here on a Saturday afternoon and the second floor was packed with people waiting to get in Marquee dayclub. So right away I was put off by the drunk and obnoxious, fist pumpers. Now I know that has nothing to do with the restaurant but I think the commotion rubbed off on our hostess because she had a slight attitude. We were seated fairly quickly, and I was hoping that it wouldn't be so loud inside the restaurant.....I was wrong. It was so loud I truly couldn't talk to people sitting next to me. Frustrating. Onto the food....for starters we ordered the lobster Mac & Cheese, pretty tasty, would order again, perfect amount of flavor and not too salty. Fried pickles, I liked the pickles themselves, but wasn't a fan of the herb-caper mayo, would've been better with ranch. I split the Gold Standard burger, ordered medium well, they actually got the medium well perfect which I appreciate, I couldn't decide if I loved the burger. I don't like meat on meat (i.e bacon on my burger) but the description of the burger sounded delicious, so I don't know if it was the goat cheese or the aioli dressing that threw me off. I was too full to try the milk shakes, unfortunately. Don't know if I would come back, I am still a Bachi Burger fan.
3	I'd been to Holstein twice before. First time I had the Korean Bull-Gogi burger, which was super juicy. I also how they put kimchee slaw and egg in it! Second time here, I had the ahi-sliders, which comes with seared ahi tuna, asian slaw and chili mayo. I asked for mine without the slaw because I don't want that extra gas while lounging later haha. But yes, even without the slaw, those sliders are delicious! I really like the chili mayo that it comes with it. I ordered sweet potato fries, which was a bit bland, but those mayo definitely spiced it up. I also ordered a redbull vodka here, and boy, it's pretty strong stuff. The waitresses here are all very nice and cute. Their outfit kind of reminds me of Hooters except with longer shorts. There'are restaurant seating in the back and lounge seating in the front, both where you can order drink and food of course. The place is pretty well-lit and hip. It's great for hanging out.
4	Hello Lobster Mac N Cheese you are my friend!  So damn good !  I'd go back just for that!I got a plain burger and it was just enough, spud fries were super duper hot when they arrived, so I didn't eat as many of those b/c they took sometime to cool.  Burger and fries $14.Co-workers all got burgers and shakes, I went with burger n a beer, stick with what I know.  They all felt totally over stuffed when they left b/c the shakes are super filling and have alcohol in them to boot!  So think twice before you do the double duty of a burger and a shake.Apparently they don't do duck fat fries anymore and recently have changed their menu.  Decent burger place, it's right next to a sports book, and you can watch sports there. very nice!
5	Loved it!  I had the Long Horn burger, steak cut fries, and a shake for dinner.  The burger was cooked perfectly (medium).  Burger had sliced BBQ smoked brisket, and coleslaw on it.... ridiculous!  No complaints on service either.  Definitely going back.
1	Update 8/20: Here's a message I received from Ashley R., who I suspect to be an employee of Holsteins. I've censored the expletive from the note."It's cause ur Asian and u won't tip good even if u got good service, so f--- off"Something management and potential customers should be well aware of and perhaps provide Miss Ashley with an English course. Cause = A person or thing that gives rise to an action, phenomenon, or conditionHORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE SERVICE!!I had the Gold Standard burger which was EXCELLENT even though overpriced but I can not give this place more than 1 star due to the horrible service.After sitting down our server took about 5 minutes to come greet us, which is understandable being it was busy. In a rush, we had our order ready and she walked away with our order. 10 minutes go by and we are not yet served our drinks. Finally our drinks come and the burger hits the table. But, we didn't have our silverware yet! So the food runner brought us silverware since our waitress was no where to be found. During our meal the waitress never came to check if our burger was good. Not once! After we were finished eating we sat around for about 10-15 minutes waiting with empty water glasses to ask for the check. Our waitress was no where to be found!  We asked the host to grab our waitress for the check and we saw him walk over to the center of the restaurant to look for her. Another 10 minutes go by and he couldn't find her. At this point, I walked up to the bar and asked if I could pay my bill there but unfortunately I couldn't. Another 10 minutes go by and we see the host finally find our waitress. She drops the check off after 5 minutes and I hand it right back to her with a card. We watch her go take a drink order from another table and come back with the drinks for that table.. But, she didn't have our check ready! Another 5 minutes go by and the waitress is no where to be seen. At this point we are extremely frustrated and demand to see a manager. After speaking with the manager, she brings us the check and does not even apologize. All in all the experience took over an hour and we only saw our server twice. Once to take our order and another after we requested our check through the host. Will never visit this place again.
3	We bought a Groupon a while a go since I had been wanting to try Holsteins since they opened. We finally got to use it...before it expired, expiration dates are good like that, giving you a kick in the butt.We got soda's and split the Cereal Bowl Adult milkshake....loved it, reminded me of the Captain Crunch shake Carl's Jr. Used to sell. I ordered the Gold Standard which is not as good as the Lbs. Burger version of the same burger (Perfect burger), it was good just nothing special. The shoe string fries were crispy but I didn't like that they are batter dipped. My husband got the Machete burger again he liked it but it was nothing to write home about....not as good as lbs. Both were cooked well..nice and juicy.Our waitress was great, she answered all our questions, and was patient with our indisiciveness. I wouldn't steer someone away from Holsteins but I would recommend places that I think are better.
4	I drank some sort of delicious cake-vodka-milkshake that was to-die for.  I ordered the onion rings because I wasn't super hungry only to find out it was a flippin' huge order.  It was 4-5 layers of huge onion rings.  My husband got a burger, and he said it was great (but maybe the shake helped to erase my memory about this?).  The string fries are delicious.
5	Korean burger...all the way...shockingly awesome...I am craving it so bad every day after my Vegas trip and I tried Umami's Korean burger in LA but it really disappointed me... Sweet potatoes were not a fave for my group of friends. Service is nice!
4	Went here for a quick bite and ordered the Kobe burger, cooked medium and it was perfect.  Service is a little slow if you sit in the lounge area, but the food was good, so I guess it made up for that.
5	Everytime I'm in Vegas, I always make it a point to stop at Max Brenners for one of their frothy, calorie-enriched shakes; however, this time, my resident-friend suggested I try Holsteins.  It isn't the same type of shake, but thought it wouldn't hurt to give it a try.Yeah I know they have alcoholic shakes, but it was 2pm, and all I really wanted was a milkshake. The shake menu looked pretty interesting, but I gravitated towards the cereal bowl, primarily for my love of capn crunch cereal. She ordered the smores which was cool cause I'd get to try hers too.Anyway, upon my first sip. WOW. I was blown away. That is one f@cking good shake, amongst the other complimentary profanities that erupted from my lips. Damn Holsteins. Now I'm excited to try your burgers n things.
4	Holsteins was on my list during my last trip to Vegas and we didn't end up going, so this was at the top of my list this time around. We had a party of 8 during Friday night at around 10 p.m., and ended up splitting into two tables of 4 because it was packed. The two musts here are their burgers and shakes. The BF and I split the fun-ghi burger, which was really good. I also had a bite of the Rising Sun which was great as well (think burger with an Asian twist). Their patty is really juicy and most importantly, cooked to a perfect medium rare. Since we were sharing the burger, we decided to get the truffled mac n cheese with lobster, which was piping hot and delicious. I wasn't sure about the lone potato chip on the side though.We ordered a couple of milkshakes: Brown Cow Float, Oreo, Drunken Monkey, and Campfire Smores. My favorite was the Oreo. The Brown Cow had chocolate pop rocks which made it very unique. It's pricey at ~$11 but they do give you a cup and a half, which makes it feel like a little better deal. Holsteins ranks right under Father's Office in LA in my book.
3	This place is basically a burger club inside the Cosmo, and I convinced my friends to stop by here after a recommendation from Monica C. I think I didn't enjoy it as much because I was pretty full from my Fat Tuesday, but it was a pretty cool experience. The ambiance is great, although it is pretty loud inside. The wait was about 20 minutes on a Friday night. I ordered the Rising Sun, which was a teriyaki burger with avocado and I think fried onions. It was pretty good, but I didn't get a "burgasm." I liked the shoestring fries. I only ate about half the burger, which was reasonably sized but still not worth 20 bucks. Shakes are around $13 but looked pretty good. For the most expensive burger I have ever had in my life, I don't think it was worth it but for some people I guess its a value deal in Vegas!
3	The gold standard was not bad but nothing really memorable about it that would make me want to come back (especially for its price). The fries for some reason that night were absolutely horrible. I love potatoes in all shapes and sizes so I was pretty sad that my steak cut fries were so awful I didn't want to finish them. My friend ordered the sweet potato fries and also mentioned that they were really disgusting and tasted like they had been sitting around for ages.
4	Located on the 2nd floor of the Cosmopolitan, I brought a friend from out of town to check out this joint known for high end burgers and boozy milkshakes.  The restaurant space has a good mix of seats at the bar, low tables with comfy couches, and standard booths/chairs.  Music is pumping and artwork on the walls definitely add a cool vibe, but it's not overwhelming where one can't enjoy good conversation amongst close friends.As for the menu, there is quite the impressive beverage selection including a wide array of international/domestic beers, wines, cocktails, and unique sodas.  My friend and I were definitely in the mood to pair some burgers with their signature shakes and I got the Drunken Monkey (with Reese's, banana, malt, and Frangelico) whereas my friend ordered the Creamsicle Float (whipped cream smirnoff,  orange sherbet, ibc cream soda, and orange bubble sugar).  My biggest fear was that the alcohol component would actually distract one's enjoyment of the milkshake, but unexpectedly the problem ended up being the complete opposite in that neither of us tasted nor felt any effects of any trace of alcohol in our shakes (i.e. neither one of us had our trademark Asian flush go into effect).  Perhaps the Holstein's staff has figured out some magic ratio/technique to eliminate both the taste and effect of alcohol in their shakes, but a little of both would serve to go a long way especially if one is paying double digit dollars.As for the burgers, we opted to split the crowd favorite Gold Standard and Steakhouse Burger.  The Gold Standard consists of dry aged sirloin with smoked bacon, aged goat cheddar cheese, tomato confit, baby arugula and garlic-chive aioli, but my taste buds felt like they were in Charlie Brown's classroom in that all the ingredients were rendered a slur of incomprehensibility by the overpowering goat cheese.  The Steakhouse burger, on the other hand, did a much better job showcasing its melange of ingredients consisting of pepper-crusted beef, housemade creamy steak sauce, marmalade onions, tomato confit, wild mushrooms,  and swiss cheese.  Taste buds were dancing their way upstairs to Marquee on this one.  For every burger, one has the choice of shoestring fries or the thick steak fries (which resemble seasoned potato wedges) so one will not go wrong depending on personal preference.  Overall, the burgers  do not come cheap (ranging from $14-28) nor do the milkshakes ($11) but to paraphrase Vincent Vega from Pulp Fiction,  "That's a pretty f*cking good milkshake/burger. I don't know if it's worth (insert some double digit number) dollars but it's pretty f*cking good."
4	HEFTY 8 OZ burger in the cosmopolitan!you can get your burger on a white OR wheat bun---gold standard burger: pretty good! i liked the strong cheese flavor & char-grilled smokyness to the patty... ALTHOUGH my patty was unevenly cooked, which was a bit of a bummer---burgers come w/ steak OR shoestring fries... shoestring were definitely yummier! NOTE:you can ask for other sauces besides ketchup & mustard, but the chipotle mayo sauce we had wasn't too impressiveFREE house beer OR house margarita w/ a foursquare check-in!
4	This place is now my must-go place for burgers. It's very reasonably priced for a delicious burger. Very comfortable booths with cute cartoon cows all around the restaurant. I LOVE LOVE LOVE their shoestring fries! They're so fresh and crispy, slightly salted, not too oily! Okay, I might be a bit biased, since I'm not a fan of wedge fries, but seriously, try the shoestring fries once, please!So far I've tried their Rising Sun (kobe beef with tangy teriyaki sauce) and their Big Fat Greek (lamb with feta). I was extremely happy with every bite of the Rising Sun. I was too full to finish the burger in one sitting. But I think that's just because I stuffed my stomach with like 2 long islands and a beer. Very juicy patty, I asked for medium rare, it came out medium rare. Sauce was a bit overwhelming. Their sauce is very strong in taste, I guess I should have ordered it light on the sauce. But hey, that was my first time. Big Fat Greek wasn't too impressive, I should have stayed with the beef patties. It's not too gamey, so if lamb is not your thing because of that aroma, maybe give this one a try, it's not as strong (which is why I didn't like it as much, I love that aroma). It may not look like a giant burger, but all that feta cheese and yummy meat and other stuff inside kept me very full. I was so close in not finishing my plate again.If you check in here on foursquare, you can get a free house beer or house margarita. I prefer their beer. It's not the best, but their hef is tolerable. I tried their house margarita, and all I tasted was syrup. I can't complain too much, it was free. My server offered a to-go cup for my beer when I had half a burger and 3/4 pint of beer left. So nice of her :) Only in Vegas where you can take your beer to go.
5	Stayed in Vegas for four days and dined here three times. Service was wonderful and on point two out of the three times. On the other visit the server wasn't attentive and didn't check on us until we were finished. The food was excellent during the three visits. On the first visit I had the turkey burger it came with sprouts, tomato, onion, lettuce topped with pepper jack cheese. I stole a few of the hub's wedge cut fries and they were great with a good seasoning and not greasy. On the second visit I tried the house salad topped with salmon. It came with avocado, tomato and mixed greens with balsamic dressing. The salmon was cooked perfectly and the portion was just the right size. On the last visit I tried the vegan burger. It was a house made patty with veggies and had a crispy breaded outside. It came with lettuce, onion, tomato and avocado. It was one of the best vegan burgers I have had. I don't know how they do it but the patty was juicy and was tasty. The drunken monkey adult shake is out of this world! A combo of banana, peanut butter cups, ice cream and liquor. It is a bit pricy for $11. bucks but they do fill a shake glass and give the metal cup with the extra shake. If you get a shake don't order a lot of food since this shake is almost a meal by itself or make sure to share. Price is average for a restaurant in Vegas $14-$18.00. Food is delish, ingredients are fresh, portions are large and for the most part service is good. I hope they open a location in the bay area . On my next trip to Vegas I will be sure to make a fourth visit.
3	Very loud 80s music!   The turkey burger was good and the space pigs are awesome!  Our waitress was friendly and did her best to accomodate my special request as a non-red meat eater.
4	Holstein's is a solid upscale burger joint. The food is dependably good. The shoe string fries are crispy. The cartoon cows on the wall all dream about getting eaten. That's fun and quirky.Note: The hotel brochure tries to market this place as organic and natural. The only hint in the menu was that one ingredient of the salad was organic. If the beef were organic and free range, I'd come back.
4	Great restaurant in the Cosmopolitan hotel. I ordered the salmon burger, and was very pleasantly surprised by the taste and quality of my meal. The salmon was a smoked fillet, and it was nice to see the place didn't take the easy route by making a salmon patty. I had to ask the waiter to take the bucket of fries away because they were so good and I couldn't stop eating them.The best part of my meal was sitting at the bar, and talking to the nice woman next me. Vegas is all about  new people, food, and experiences, and that's just what I got at Holsteins.
5	I can't say enough good things about this place.  They do what do very, very well.  Lately, I'm all about the lamb burger they call "The Big Greek."
5	The burger was great. The sweet potatoe fries good could have used something else to stand out. Great selection of draft beers along with a list of bottled beers. And the shakes AWESOME. Must do if your in Vegas
2	Service was very good, but food was mediocre.  For the price, I expected much better.
4	man, this place is good.  i got the captain hook which was a nice piece of seared salmon, plus a piece of gravlax on a bun.  the aioli served w/ it was delicious.  i opted for a side of salad rather than fries, so it was a pretty healthy meal.  i tried the sweet potato and steak fries, and they were really good.  milkshakes here are sooo yummy also, particularly the grasshopper and the oreo ones!
3	Okay so once again I'm going to disagree with my fellow yelp reviewers and say that I was not wowed by my meal at Holsteins Shakes and Buns, and I think there are better burger places in Vegas. Holsteins is located at The Cosmopolitan Hotel and Casino directly across the entrance to the Marquee Pool and Day club. Because of the location you will need to have a reservation or be prepared to wait with the diva's and meat sticks that frequent the place.  We did have a reservation and were seated on time. The decor at Holsteins is eighties cool. Cartoon Artwork dots the walls, boom boxes are painted in bright colors and a huge pink cow welcomes you in the bar area. After looking over the menu, my wife Simone ordered the Meatball Parm sliders and I ordered the Nom-Nom burger topped with melted cheese, Potato Chips and House made thousand Island dressing. The food came out fairly quickly, and on the side I had some tasty crunchy potato stick thin french fries. My burger however was overcooked ( ordered medium and got well done). An overcooked burger made with fresh ground meat ends up tasting like sawdust, and this was the case. The burger could have been saved by the dressing, but there was very little of the dressing on it. The Chips on top were the best part of the burger. Medium thin hand cut and fried perfectly, they stayed crispy on the sandwich and gave a nice contrast to the burger, but overall this burger sounded better then it tasted. Simone's sliders were the exact opposite of my burger. The meatballs had great garlicky flavor, they were moist, tender and tasted fresh. They were topped with a mixture of sweet marinara and basil pesto and lots of melted creamy mozzarella. I so wanted to steal them from her and I had total meat envy.  We finished off the meal with a Reese PB adult shake spiked with Frangelico called the Drunken Monkey.  Any monkey that could get drunk off this would have to be a lightweight because I could taste no alcohol in it whatsoever. It was still good, once again just not as good as advertised.  So in the end I would have given Holsteins a 2 star rating for my food however Simone's sliders choice saved the day...so overall Holsteins gets a three stars from me.
4	Excellent food. Excellent prices (for Vegas). The service was a bit spotty/slow but it wasn't terrible. So many unique burgers, I had a hard time choosing what I wanted. We ordered the artichoke guac for an appetizer... It was okay but I wouldn't order it again. My boyfriend ordered the Gold Standard and raved about how amazing it was. Even though it looked like a mini burger, he got so full. The food here is very good quality and so rich. When they bring your food out, you'll think you didn't order enough but the size is misleading! I ordered the Crispy Pork Belly Buns from the "slider section"... So amazing. They were like two little tacos but instead of a taco shell, it was a steamed Chinese bun in the shape of a taco shell with tender Asian flavored pork inside... I LOVED them. Didn't try the "adult" milkshakes but many tables around us seemed to be enjoying them. Also the Shoestring Fries weren't the greatest.. Maybe we'll try the Steak Cut ones next time. Definitely try this place out if you're at the City Center!
3	My girl friends and I kicked off our Vegas weekend with a late and light lunch at Holsteins.  I was salivating when I saw Billionaire burger ($28) on the menu with kobe beef, foie gras, port onion marmalade, frisee, and truffle mayo, but I decided that the Hen House burger ($14) was good enough for half the price with its fried egg and bacon.  That is, until our server highly recommended the award winning Gold Standard burger ($17.50) with dry aged beef, bacon, goat cheddar cheese, tomato confit, baby arugula, and garlic chive aioli.  It was done--I would eat the winner.Although complex and tasty, the Gold Standard didn't make me shake my buns or roll my eyes backwards.  I didn't care for the fancy stuff like goat cheddar cheese, tomato confit, or baby arugula.  For a gourmet burger, Umami Burger (multiple locations in LA and one in SF) is my gold standard and it's about 2/3 of the prices here.  I did, however, enjoy the shoestring fries at Holsteins.  They're skinny, crisp, wonderful, and plentiful.  If you have a car in Vegas, you should make the trek to Bachi Burger (http://www.yelp.com/biz/bachi-burger-las-vegas).  Now there's a burger joint worthy of being called the best burger in Sin City.
3	Did they forget to toast my buns for the ahi tuna sliders?? I sure hope so because that would have made the sliders oh so much better.
4	Before hitting up Marquee Night Club (on Party Rock Mondays) we decided to stop by this burger joint.  I have been here more than once and though I enjoy the food the service not so great. It was a pretty slow night and not a lot of people were in the restaurant but the service was just just sad. PROS:Black & white milkshake was excellent! (It is a must try)ordered the Hen House burger (Beef w/fried egg, bacon, lettuce, tomato, & onion w/ mustard & ketchup).  -- I really enjoyed the taste and it was perfect.CONS:fries - blandservice - was slow & our waitress was not very friendly.the place was too loud - but then it was club night. I dont know if I am willing to come back, but for the milkshake i probably would.
4	So I was trying to be productive tonight, but yet again technology is here to foil my plans. I was staying at the Cosmopolitan with some friends and we were hungry after lazing by the pool. Yelp pointed us to this scrumptious looking restaurant and once again, it did not disappoint. We made reservations on opentable, but they were not needed since it was not busy. After looking at the menu, we went with the Rising Sun and Gold Standard, which seem to be their best burgers according to Yelp reviews. The Yelp reviews also talk about how their milkshakes are excellent, and everyone who was eating seemed to have one of these huge milkshakes. One look at my lactard body started to rebel, so I managed to sum up some willpower and abstain from enjoying one. Soon after ordering, our appetizers were delicious and made me pretty excited for the rest of our meal. Delicious ahi tuna, rich and creamy lobster macaroni and cheese...I could have stopped there and been happy with my meal. Our burgers came and although both were pretty good, I liked the Gold Standard better than the Rising Sun. The Rising Sun is covered in this sweet glaze that was okay, but I was really looking for something savory. I'm sure if we didn't have all of the other food, I would have eaten that burger without complaint. Another plus is that we asked for our burgers medium-rare and they came medium-rare. Scrumptious! A third plus is that the table next to us heard me griping to the heavens about paying for wi-fi, so they generously gave me their super secret password to get on. Yay!A fourth plus was that Kevin Hart was eating at the same time as us, and our server encouraged us to go say hi and take a picture. I had a sudden bout of awkwardness, which tends to happen when I become uncertain. So, I froze awkwardly, stalked around his table like some crazy person, then lost my nerve and fled the scene. Let's work on that self-confidence, shall we?
2	So after all the hype about how great this place is, I finally tried it.These type of restaurants are usually my favorite.  I love great burgers, and anything spun off in the form of an upscale burger joint.The appetizer, which was chicken queso with chips that was pretty nice.The burger I ordered was perfectly cooked and the beef was great, but the bun was a really weird consistency, not crispy/toasted, and not soft.  It was kinda like a soft bagel.  Too tough for a burger with a lot of toppings, and everything wanted to slide out of the burger.  The lettuce on the burger was like butter lettuce or something really soft and not crisp, and had a bitterness not adding to the burger.Also the steak fries are a misnomer, they are actually wedges, there is a big difference.Not a remarkable restaurant of this type, I would much rather go to le burger brasserie in the paris, BLT burgers in the mirage, or the burger bar in the mandalay shops.The ambience was nothing special either.Go to the hidden/secret pizza place upstairs from this for a better meal in a cooler place.
5	So it was our first time at Holstein's and it was GREAT. I tried the Nom Nom Burger, and it was delicious! The steak sauce they had there wasn't A.1. Steak Sauce, it was their steak sauce and the flavor was interesting, it tasted like there was some horse radish in there. My family had a Henhouse Burger and a Crispy Pork Belly Bun with a Main Lobster Roll. We thought the Main Lobster Roll wasn't that good but everything else was. When you order fries I would recommend getting the steak-cut fries because they are soft but crispy instead of the shoestring fries because they are too hard. Out of all I would rate it 5 stars.
5	Super awesome burgers.  A little disappointed that they took the burger with kimchi and egg but still a really great place for a reasonable price.
4	I know this is a burger place, but there are so many burger places in Vegas and all the apps looked amazing so we went with the CRISPY PORK BELLY BUN, LOBSTER AND STEAK QUESADILLA and as an afterthought added the SOUTHERN FRIED CHICKEN FINGERS.I would seriously fly to Vegas just to have those chicken fingers again!! AMAZINGGG Best thing I have eaten in Vegas and this was my 5th time there. The quesadilla was ok and the pork belly buns were great after I removed the cucumber and pea shoots. For dessert we had the CANDY STORE... You can ask them to sub items if there is something you don't want but really it looked better than it tasted. I would rather go someplace else and spend $15 on dessert. The Potato Chip Rocher had dark chocolate which I did not enjoy, the almond joy drum stick tasted like the ice cream was freezer burnt... really nothing special.Also, I noted on the reservation it was my husband's 30th birthday and they didn't even acknowledge it.
2	It's a good place go grab a quick bite before you start partying at Marquee.  The restaurant has a nice interior but the artwork not matching with the interior design.  It felt like a last minute effort to create a marketing logo/image for the company.  For food, I ordered the  carbonera chicken burger. The burger doesn't look that big, but its a pretty filling meal.  I was full w half a burger.  The chicken was a bit dry for my taste but otherwise good.  You have the option of getting string fries or cut fries, which were both VERY salty for my taste.  I ended up gulping down 2 cups of water by the end of my meal.
4	Went for a late night burger with friends after seeing "surf the musical" across the street at planet hollywood. Anyway, excellent burger, I had the kobe beef. But their onion rings may be the best on the planet!  Great service, very friendly staff.  I will come back here next time i am back in vegas. You should too!
4	Food 4 starsService 4 stars Atmosphere 4 starsThe burgers are outstanding! The bartenders are friendly and the drink menu is really good. I recommend trying the french fries cooked in duck fat. Yummy goodness!It's a little more expensive than your average burger joint, but it wont break the bank and it's worth the money. Check it out and you'll be satisfied.
5	The best bar food around...but it can get pretty crazy here as marquis is right next door. The bartenders are super cool! I got the lobster rolls...outstanding!
5	Quote: "Concerto if flavors playing in sync with one another to deliver a magnificent performance worthy of kings...", by me.
5	they get 5 stars for doing it ALL rightThe service was on pointThe atmosphere was classy and yet you coulda rolled in for a casual mealThe food...I mean a burger thats got Foie Gras...need i say more!The drinks, well "grown-up" milkshakes are okay with me anydayDo yourself a favor and when in Vegas...eat HERE
4	Great burgers, some of the best I've ever had with interesting combinations (I ordered the Rising Sun this time, and had a bite of my friend's Gold Standard).  The steak fries were perfect; fluffy inside and crunchy outside.  Great beer selection as well.The value wasn't shabby for Vegas, where everything is overpriced.  The bill after tip for burgers and a round of beers was about $27 per person.
4	Good burger. Amazing service. We sat at the bar but were hydrating as a result of the prior evening. The waitress was ON it! Our glasses were never even 1/3 empty! Great people watching - all those in line for the club, and nice view of the chandelier. Would try again.
4	I'm a bit of a burger connoisseur, and as I've written several times on Yelp: I don't consider a burger to be great because of the toppings -- that is icing on the cake -- but because of the quality of the meat and the charbroiled taste. If it doesn't taste like a burger off of backyard charcoal grill, I am not going to rate the burger too highly.This burger delivered. I had the Classic, though I wish I had chosen the Gold Standard for the toppings. The burger was large in portion, served on a perfect bun, and tasted like a charcoal grilled burger with excellent meat quality. I chose the shoe string fries to accompany my burger. They were ok, but next time I'd choose the other fries. They appeared more fresh and well seasoned. The beer selection, both bottle and draft, includes some of the best regional and craft beers from around the country. Any restaurant or bar with a Cider is impressive to me, and I enjoyed the Sin Cider here. The atmosphere is trendy, the service was friendly, the prices were reasonable ($14.99 for burger and fries), and the quality was just right.
4	Actually been a bit almost two months since I went, so I'm going off memory here. The burger was great, the fries were good and the service was friendly. We went at lunch time and it was very busy. Food took a bit longer than I would have liked to come out. I ordered "The Rising Sun" after the server recommended it as one of his favorites. Our server was very cool and funny, but was very close to becoming annoying at times. A bit pricey at $17 bucks, but they ARE on the strip and inside the Cosmopolitan. All in all, good experience and I will head back sometime for another go.Tried a spoon of a shake from friend that ordered. It was good, but I'm not much of milkshake fan so it didn't do anything for me.
5	This place was expensive by normal standards, although for Vegas standards, not so much. I had a regular burger, which I thought would just be average but was AMAZING. I also had one of their adult milkshakes.... OH MY GOSH it was so good and barely tasted like alcohol. I wanted to go back here the next night for dinner. That's how good it was. A must go to in Vegas.
2	Came here to eat lunch during my last day in Vegas with a friend. We were looking for a place inside the Cosmo to eat (besides Wicked Spoon, which we went to more than once already) and ended up here. I was really disappointed by the food here.I ordered the California Turkey w/ Shoestring Fries, along with a fried egg on top. I've had turkey burgers at other places before that were tasty, but this place didn't get it right at all. The meat was dry and there was no flavor to it. What made it even worse was that they stuck the big toothpick right into the fried egg. The yolk broke and started running before my dish even got to me. It got to the point where I had to use a knife and fork to eat, because the bottom of the patty got so soggy that I couldn't even pick up my burger.Service was okay. The waitress took our orders and brought out the food pretty fast, and checked on us occasionally. When we asked to split the check by a certain amount, the waitress said she could only split it 50/50.I would be very reluctant to come back and try this place again. I can get better tasting burgers for under $15 (about the average price here). They can't even serve a fried egg properly.
4	this place was delicious! Had the most amazing onion rings and lobster mac and cheese here. Bf ordered a chicken carbonara burger and though the pattie was thick, it was still juicy. He also loved his sweet potato fries. We suspect they deep fry in lard, because they were seriously more tasty than normal deep fries. who knows!the atmosphere is quite loud and noisy though, wouldn't recommend it for a date.
2	Had the house salad, dressing on the side, because I was eating light after constant fooding during my trip. It was fresh and served my needs. I swiped some of my friends vanilla shake and it was DELICIOUS. I also split some onion rings with the table and they were crunchy and filling, but nothing to write home about. The service took forever. I thought I wouldn't  be one of those people that would downgrade a place due to service, but this was ridiculous. We waited about 20 minutes for the check and about 20 minutes for it to be ran. I will not return
3	Fun atmosphere set in the swanky Cosmopolitan where the burgers comes out before the shakes. Say what? I thought it was called Shakes and Buns...not buns then shakes. The service was slow and apparently the shake making was slower. They have a wide array of shakes with alcohol--I chose the Black Cow Float (3 Olives Cherry Vodka, Coca-Cola, Vanilla Ice Cream, Chocolate Pop Rocks)...while the ingredients sound tasty it was nothing spectacular. I would have opted for one of their original shakes sin alcohol.The fast cooking burgers were something else! I highly recommend the Gold Standard...there is a reason why they call it that. If you like bacon, cheddar cheese and arugula it's the perfect burger for you.Oh and did I mention the seasoned popcorn they serve before every meal? Tasty and unique! Good enough to come back...but next time it's the original shake before the bun and hopefully faster service.
5	The Billion Dollar Burger.  Awesome!!!!  I know, foie gras is controversial, but the earthiness and creaminess of the goose liver goes so well with the perfectly seasoned burger, the truffle mayonaise and onion marmalade you'd think they were always meant to be served with each other.  For us Angelinos who don't have anymore foie gras, this is just another reason to visit Vegas (though I did hear that a loophole is restaurants can serve it in Ca, they just can't charge for it - i.e., order of hamburger with a complementary slab of fg). It's $28 with a side order of fries and well worth it.  I got the shoestring fries and thought it was a good choice.  If they had served this burger at the council meeting, the bureaucrats would have motioned for dismissal.  Will have to go back to try the Gold Standard, but will probably order the billion dollar burger again anyway.
5	For most of my life I thought that In N Out burger was the best burger around.  That's until I discovered Holstein's Shakes and Buns.  This place might have the tastiest burgers in the world.  I ordered the Gold Standard Burger and i couldn't believe my taste buds! Simply delicious!   It is a little pricey but well worth it.  Their alcoholic shakes are pretty good as well.  I can't wait to go back to Vegas so that I can visit this place again.
5	This place is good! Hands down. I had the rising sun burger, which was Kobe beef topped with teriyaki sauce and avocado. They fumbled my order and I had to wait about 45 minutes total (I was by myself). The bartender apologized though and offered to comp my beer. Overall this is an awesome place and I would definitely recommend it to anyone who loves a good burger.
5	First thing to remember about Holstein's is their menu is reflected by the time of day (a very important tip to avoid frustration). I went late night and expected a full menu, but was told instead it was their late night menu so that was a nice segway to drink and have "finger food" as I called it. That would've been nice to know over the phone prior to making the trek over there.I decided to drain my frustrations in a spicy bloody mary and I'll be damned if it wasn't as advertised. Clamato with jock itch is more like it, but either way it did tickle the taste buds quite well and I HATE spicy! We also had ordered the lobster mac n cheese (2 by accident) and it was hit or miss. The first one was beyond salty and the 2nd one was spot on and the bread crumb crust was a delight down the pipes! We also did try the surf n turf quesadilla which was small, but delectable!Disappointed with things we decided to go the day after for lunch. As a "preflight" meal, they gave us salt and vinegar popcorn which I wolfed down! I really thought to myself GROSS, but upon chomping away all I could say was YES YES YES! I felt Rockafeller so I dove into the billionaire burger and that was by far the best burger I have ever had. I ordered it medium rare after watching the food channel and from bun to bun the taste was nothing but fun! It was juicy, the foie gras and truffle mayo was a true jackpot! To top it off you must must get an alcoholic milkshake as well to wash down the meal. I had the campfire smore and it's one of the many things in life that make you go hmm. If you don't make this a stop on your Vegas outing you forever will be square and not there!
4	Came here in Dec of 2011 and was ready to give it a 3 star rating since I didn't feel like anything stood out. Thanks to a Groupon offer and upcoming Vegas visit, we tried it again and it was a better experience. Rising Sun is an excellent selection and the fries were extra crispy this time. I ordered the pork belly buns last time and had better elsewhere. Prob why I didn't rate them as high. Trying something new on the menu definitely made a difference this time. I'd eat there again if I found myself in the Cosmo.
5	Their burgers changed the way I perceive a good meal.  Probably the best burger I've ever eaten has come from Holsteins.  Amazing food and at a reasonable price for the Vegas strip.
4	I was sooo in the mood for a Burger... Beef!!! This place is great, went to the Cosmopolitan with my fiance fer shopping and lunch! Came across this lil joint... The ambiance is decorated with nice graffiti-ish cow paintings. My Love ordered the Greek Burger - Lamb burger with red onions, feta cheese, and thaziki sauce.... she said it was OK, Not better than Black Hogg on Sunset Blvd! I had the Machete Burger - Beef Burger medium rare, Bacon, Fried Egg, Cheese, Barracho onions, Lettuce, Tomato, Anihiem Chili, and the Machete Aioli... As you can guess... it was deeelish! The fries on the other hand was a lil to over cooked, we got the sho string fries. I suggest the thick steak cut fries! Our waiter was very knowledgeable and friendly... Must come to again when I'm back in Vegas!
3	Came for Restaurant Week menu however we were told that it wasn't offered that day Sat 9/10/11. Now looking at the website, that was not an excluded date. Either management is failing to keep their employees informed or hostesses could care less about their jobs. Either way, for what it was, it was overpriced. Not terribly bad, just not as good as the price tag might indicate.
5	The best salmon burger I've ever had. Staff were cool and for Vegas the burgers were cheap. Can't wait to come back
5	The best burgers anywhere!!  My son told us about it, and my brother went and told us about it so we had to try it.  I had the Mojito and it was so refreshing!!  My husband ordered the Drunken Monkey shake and he really enjoyed it.  we were to share our orders since we wanted to try the various burgers.  I ordered the Ahi Tuna Sliders and my husband ordered the Billionaire Burger with the foie gras and truffle mayo.  Well, when our burgers were delivered I only had 3 small bites of the burger....I was in heaven.  My tuna sliders were okay, because the buns were a little hard and dry.  I was in heaven when I bit into the burger though!!  The french fries were fantastic as well.  The burger was expensive, but well worth it.We sat on the couches in the lounge for lunch, because we didn't want to wait 15 minutes for a table.  It was like having lunch in our living room.We will be back!!
5	I went with 4 of my friends so luckily I had the opportunity of trying a lot of different things at once.  (I highly recommend doing this, especially at a place like Holsteins where their menus are endless) For milkshakes, we were able to try the basic Strawberry and the alcohol infused Grasshopper.  I would definitely recommend trying at least one of the specialty alcohol milkshake.  The Grasshopper was definitely a hit among my friends.  Unfortunately for those who love tasting the danger in drinks, the alcohol amount is very light and you'll enjoy the unique mixture of sweet tastes rather than the intoxication.  Like how the past reviewers mentioned, the burgers are a bit on the expensive side.  Each burger meal does come with a pint size-like bucket of fries but it's not worth puffing your stomach if you're planning to squeeze into a dress 2 hours later.   I ordered the Crispy Pork Belly Bun under their "Tiny Buns" section.  Loved it.  Go for any appetizer items for your meal.  The size was more than enough.  My friends were eyeing my meal the most and I was the only one without a burger.  With burgers, the "Rising Sun" is a must.  Kobe beef drizzled with nori furikake and crispy yam in between? Yeah you want that.
1	i would give this place NO STARS if i could! for the worst service ever!My boyfriend and I went to Vegas during EDC weekend and we wanted to stop by for a quick bite at Holsteinsthe wait was super long so we decided to just sit in the lounge area where we thought we could easily just grab a QUICK bite and leave, but little did I know it was going to be the WORST EXPERIENCE ever.i had the Gold Standard which was pretty good, but the SERVICE was AWFUL.our waitress first took forever to come greet us, then took like 20 minutes to get us water and get our orders. finally we eat and then afterwards, we wanted to leave because we were in VEGAS and didnt want to waste time sitting here. we waited and waited and saw the waitress for the table next to us at least 3 times and NEVER saw ours. finally we asked the other waitress to get our waitress but again she never came. the host stand was near our table and he noticed that we were waiting so he went to go get her. again, another 10-15 minutes go by and she doesnt show. the host obviously feels bad and goes to get her again and finally the waitress shows, no apology or anything, just drops off the check and leaves.we wait for her to come back to get our card and she disappears AGAIN. finally some random employee comes and grabs our check and we leave... we literally ate in like 20 minutes and waited 45min-1hour just to pay and leave.the waitress was SO RUDE and this was absolutely the worst meal and service i had in vegas.. the waitress who was waiting the tables next to us seemed very quick so maybe we just got stuck with the awful one.
4	Who would have thought I could really crave for a burger? I had been wanting to try this new burger place in the Cosmopolitan for some time. I didn't get a chance to the weekend before but this past week, I did. After Marquee Day club, my friends and I headed over and waited about 25 minutes. When we got seated the server quickly came and took our order for drinks. For all you light weight alcoholic girls, this is the place to drink. The milkshakes are alcoholic but only contains 1 oz of alcohol. For many, that's way too less. But for me, give me my Peaches N' Creme! I'll be trying all the flavors, don't you worry. tasted no alcohol at all. But I love the fact of knowing I'm drinking in Vegas, still. :) I got the Rising Sun burger. It was a huge patty with some tempura pieces and avocado. Avocado always makes the burger better. They gave options for shoestring fries or steak cut fries. Uhh.. SHOESTRINGS FRIES of course. I absolutely love shoestrings fries of all fries. On top of that, I also ordered the Holsteins cobb salad. I have to make sure to keep my food light if I'm going to all these pool parties, you know. I like the cobb. I'm not sure why people don't think it's worth it. I did note that the avocado slices were not ripe. We had decent service. Could have been better because they don't come around and check up on you much. We actually waved down our waitress a couple times. But, it was a busy afternoon. The food was good and convenient being right across from Marquee on the 2nd floor. It's pricey but gourmet burgers are always double digits so it was expected.
3	Note: I did not have a shake as I am allergic to milk but my friends did and they LOVED their shakes so three cheers for their shakes.The burgers looked good to me but I didn't want to be bloated when we went out later so I ordered the pork belly in the steamed bun with hoisin sauce. The steam bun is taco shell shaped and was perfect but the pork belly was definitely overcooked. I was looking for the juicy melt in your mouth pork belly that compliments steam buns so well and I got overcook, chewy, burnt on the edges pork belly pieces that I had to dissect before eating. Really??? The ambience is really nice but be warned: they do not take reservations during the weekend. We were lucky that we were able to get a table right away but were prepared to wait if we needed to. Also the woman's bathroom is a single stall style bathroom and for a restaurant of that size it was a little small and there was always a line.They are located inside the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
3	The first of many Yelp reviews to come :)Holsteins is located right smack in the middle of the Cosmopolitan. There's really no signs leading to this place, so keep your eyes peeled for a dim little restaurant in the corner of the floor. It was around dinner time on a Saturday night when I went with my lover and the wait was only 15 minutes. When our name was called we were told by the hostess to walk down to the dining room to be seated. I found this a bit STRANGE considering there were so many servers walking around- I didn't know which one would be seating us. After a few awkward eye contacts, we were greeted by a nice young lady and shown to our table. Food ordered:Billionaire Burger (Kobe Beef and Foie Gras) - I didn't like how the Kobe Beef masked the flavor of the Foie Gras, but it was still delicious. The Foie Gras was truly something special. I would pay $28 for the piece alone (Yes, this burger was $28).Urth Burger (House made veggie patty) - The veggie patty was a bit too mushy for my liking. I wanted a bit of a crunch, at least on the outer part of the patty. NOPE. The avocado didn't help the mushy theme either. The texture  wasn't pleasant at all. Don't get be wrong though, the flavors were definitely there. This burger went for $12-$15, I forgot. Not worth it.Shoestring Fries - SO GOOD. I love crispy, semi-burnt things, so these fries were PERFECT for me. Not that I'm saying it was burnt... but it was VERY crunchy. These fries were very, VERY thinly sliced. For those who want to taste to potato, go for the steak cut fries.Steak Cut Fries - Nothing too special about these fries. Very mediocre. Too much potato in my mouth!The service was good. Dining was casual. Place is a bit dark, but it gives this place a nice vibe for a burger joint. In all, it was a good experience. Will come here again for the Billionaire Burger, nothing else. :)TIP: Don't walk too fast after the hostess tells you to walk to the dining room to be seated... you'll be standing there like a lost child :/
4	Service: 3/5Food: 4/5Wait: 2/5Price: $$Presentation of food: 4/5Presentation of restaurant: 4/5Overall: 4/5We had the sweet pork (Peking style) on nice warm buns with some hoysin sauce sprouts, it was superb; meat was crispy outside and soft shredded easily inside. Hubs had their burger which was bomb, the bun was the a rising star for the burger. His steak fries were great (even for me, i don't like steak fries). I had their grilled chicken burger (which was a little too much chicken (if that makes any sense), I had to shred the chicken down to smaller pieces because it felt like I was eating a block of chicken. The shoe string fries were a great pair to the burgers. I had their orangesicle float which was superb. All in all I wouldn't mind coming back here again, but stick with their classic beef burgers.
3	Went to Cosmo to watch Polica rock out at the Boulevard Pool last night (buy their album! review w/in a review).   I always like to try out a new restaurant in whatever casino I'm seeing a concert in (or in the case of the Cosmo I include Aria's options).   Since I splurged a little with Julian Serrano a few weeks back, I thought we should take it easier on our bank accounts with Holsteins.  This wasn't seen as a downgrade in my eyes too much because I'd been wanting to try their Gold Standard Burger ever since I'd read John Curtas praise it as (one of?) the best in Las Vegas.Given the fact that one of their signature milkshakes would probably cause me death due to my lactose intolerance (and not a quick, lethal injection/firing squad death which might make it worth it, but more of a slow, chinese water torture/buried alive death) I passed on those, though they sure sounded delicious.  I instead opted for my usual Jack and Coke which was an acceptable version, but not as strong as I normally prefer.For food we skipped appetizers because the majority seemed fried or slathered with cheese and or some sort of ranch dressing (I know, it's a burger joint) and I just didn't feel like I needed any of that before I gorged on a giant burger and fries along with the whole slow death sentence thing.  I ordered the Gold Standard with no altering of the standard fixings cooked medium, and shoestring fries on the side.Shortly thereafter the burger arrived and looked delectable and consisted of a Dry Aged Sirloin patty, nice smoked bacon, aged goat cheddar cheese (goat cheese tends to sit easier with my intolerance in case nosy minds were inquiring), tomato confit (I had to google confit to remind myself what it was.   I already forgot.  Roasted?), and arugula and some garlic aioli.   The burger was perfectly cooked, and I really enjoyed every bite of it.   I do think that there might have been too many flavors going on which took away from the quality of the beef.  I'm not sure it really needs the aioli or maybe it needs less, and the cheese tasted really nice, but I felt like it may have overpowered the whole thing a little.  I'm being very nitpicky as it was a tasty burger as Sam Jackson would say, but all in all I still prefer almost any I've had at Bachi or Fuku burger and they are more reasonably priced.   The fries were very average and had zero qualities worth mentioning here which was a bit of a disappointment.   Service was friendly and responsive for the entire meal, if not a little robotic seeming at times.  I can live with that for an $80 dinner and drinks for 2 at the casino where the table minimums are my monthly salary.
4	Service: 4/5Food: 4/5Wait: 3/5Price: $$Presentation of food: 4/5Presentation of restaurant: 4/5Overall: 4/5We had the Nom Nom Burger (steak fries) and the Urth Burger (and shoestring fries) with a Peaches 'n Cream Shake. The food was delicious and the drink was really good! One note about the Nom Nom Burger: The potato chips on top of burger was not necessary.Great price for the amount & quality of food & drink given.
2	I'm not sure what the hype is about. Having experienced the Gourmet Burger craze in both LA and Dallas maybe my expectations are just too high. Their "Gold Standard" burger has been touted as the best in Vegas... this has to be a joke. The mix of flavors were not balanced well. The goat cheese did not compliment the beef in any way. The ingredients were of good quality but not what I would expect for the price point. In general I would say everything on the menu was quite overpriced (even by Vegas standards). This is where Holsteins really fell short for me. I've had $10 burgers that blow this one away. Not to be super whiny but on top of the food not meeting my expectations  the service was a bit slow and my burger was slightly overcooked. Nothing egregious, but I would feel remiss to not point it out here. We tried the Lobster Mac & Cheese appetizer to start and I can't help but compare it to the Lobster Mac at The Capital Grille which is of better quality, a larger portion and actually cheaper than Holsteins. Even the steak fries were uninspired and blah. Overall I was disappointed at every turn by this place. The food was acceptable and I won't say it was a bad meal but it does not live up to the bar they have set for themselves. I would not go back. Save your money and go to one of the many other great restaurants in Las Vegas.
4	Good place and very enjoyable place to go.  My girlfriend enjoyed her burger and so did I.  One of the best burger places on the strip and awesome choices.  The burgers will definitely get you full!!!
5	Holsteins came highly recommended by a friend and I was excited to try it for lunch during my stay in Vegas.  I ordered the Chicken burger which was overwhelmingly delicious (topped with a fried egg, bacon and cheese).  My sister order the kobe burger which was incredibly tender and juicy (by the time I went to ask her if I could have another bite- it was demolished).  They also have a variety of beers and very friendly staff.  I'll be sure to go back the next time I'm in the area :)
4	A cardinal sin was committed at Holsteins: I did not try a boozy shake. If you want to stop reading here, I don't blame you. But I did have some kind of turkey burger with avocado (yum), sprouts (yum), and some kind of delicious spicy mayo? (also yum). What kind of illegal drugs are on those shoestring fries to make them so tasty? I'm sold on this place. I love the decor and that it is not facing the casino floor. Sometimes you just want to not see or hear a slot machine, amirite? We had a large group and had to keep adding chairs on, and the servers were really accommodating. I know how annoying that can be but they took it in stride and were friendly the whole way. I will definitely be back to try something less turkey burger and more filled with alcohol.
3	We were so looking forward to Holsteins for the burger fix we had been delaying for weeks before our visit to Vegas. So when we arrived at Cosmo, we headed up to Holsteins on the 2nd floor on a Sunday evening and walked to the hostess desk at check in. From the get go I already had a predetermination that we weren't going to get the friendliest girls to check in with. I figure, put your tasks aside, and greet your f'in customer. At least acknowledge them immediately. Ok, so maybe it was that bad- she took my name, gave me the pager, and told me it will be just a few with a semi-courteous attitude. So we walked around out front a bit, I went over to the bar across the way and picked up a brew, went back to have a seat outside the restaurant. Then I noticed my pager was chirping. This wasn't the typical light up and vibrate situation we're all used to when they are paging us to check in. This was an intermittent chirp, no lights, as if it was possibly telling me the battery was running low. I don't know! So I got up, stopped inside to inquire about, or let the hostess know (she was the same one who helped me just like seven minutes prior) the pager, and she acted like if I was freshly coming in for the first time. (mind you I had the pager held up to the hostess desk... And my beer in my other hand) The first words out of her mouth, so directly were, "I'm sorry! No outside drinks in here". That tripped me out and I told her about the pager chirping... "Well, it will light up when it's ready". I was like, ya I knew that I decided she can go F herself, I'll just wait a bit more. So ok. We were paged, checked in, asked to meet the hostess down in the middle... She was a little more personable. So we sat, and sat... Well it was longer than it should have been. Got our popcorn :D, my beer, her coke, waitress was pretty nice... Told me the Rising Sun Burger I just placed my order for was the house favorite (Thanks Yelp!). It wasn't until she checked in on us, and at which I inquired about the plate I ordered when she got all defensive. I'm sorry, but I just couldn't recall if my burger had a fried egg on it or not. Thanks to all the photos on Yelp! Excuse me if I got confused. She proceeded to say things like, "Well did you order one?", "Did you want one?" As I explained this to her, she just kind of gave me the stink eye and walked away. That is why you didn't receive a tip missy. Sorry if that ruined your day.But with that said, the hostesses walking around acting like they were directing air traffic with their little radios and smug looks on their face... Holsteins, food maybe be packed full of flavor, possibly a little under portioned, you need to give your staff a lesson in attitude... When we visit Vegas, we drop money, lots of it. I don't care if your trendy or haute... Service is what bring the clients back.
5	Located on the second floor of The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas. this burger place on steroids is not to be missed. Not only do they have some very creative burger creations but milkshakes with alcohol in them.  They will flatten you (both the burgers and the shakes). Try the duck fat fries, they are pure poison (I mean that in a good way). It is a bit noisy but who really cares, you not out for an elegant night of fine dinning. Stop by give it a try. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
5	Very good burger....I have eaten burgers here on three different occasions.  It is convenient since I often stay at the Cosmo while in Vegas.My first two times I was here, I was not impressed by their burgers.  This 3rd time, I ordered again their Rising Sun burger (Kobe beef, teriyaki sauce, yam, spicy mayo, tempura avocado).  The combination of different flavors worked really well together and this burger is definitely a hit with me.  The bun, a standard burger bun, was a bit stiffer than I prefer but the overall goodness of the burger makes me overlook this minor shortcoming.  I strongly recommend trying this burger.The fries were ordinary and need salt, imo.Holsteins offers a good range of exotic beers which I always like to taste-test when I am out.  Perhaps about 15 beers on tap of non-standard-fare beers.Get a burger here and have the Rising Sun!
4	I have eaten here a few times and have always enjoyed the food.  However, I come here mostly for the Campfire Smores shake ( alcohol infused).  I really don't taste too much alcohol in any of their shakes, but they are quite delicious.  The Rising Sun burger is very good as well as the Hen house.
5	I stopped at Holsteins for lunch today........I grabbed a seat at the bar and decided to order the Nom Nom Burger.  Its a Burger with a Kobe Beef Patty, Potato Chips, Fried Egg, Cheese and Thousand Island Dressing.When the Burger arrived, it looked awesome.....the Kobe Beef Patty was huge and the Bun was just the right size.....about 1/2 inch smaller than the patty.One bite and I was in Heaven....so juicy and full of beef flavor.The Shoestring Fries was good.....and the two bartenders was freaking HOT!!In fact.....all around me were HOT GIRLS!A great Burger and HOT GIRLS!  I love this place!
1	Let me just cut to the chase on this review, DO NOT EAT HERE. I love fine dining and have no problem dropping a good amount of money on a good meal, but I've never had a worse dining experience than at Holsteins. With that being said, let me explain myself.I had been to Holsteins once before my nightmare of an experience with them, and had a decent experience, the food was good, but none of the visit was anything noteworthy. On my second visit we came to celebrate a friend's 21st birthday, her having chose the venue. We were all dressed up and went to Holsteins sparing no expense and had plans to go to Marquee Monday after dinner. We were seated promptly, and all was well. We then each ordered several drinks, burgers, appetizers, shakes, you name it, and we were all just getting into our meals when our waiter came to fill our water glasses. As he filled our water glasses he accidentally knocked one over, spilling water onto my meal as well as my friend next to me.  We jumped back, as the water was ice cold and we were surprised. He panicked and then promptly began to mop up the water. As he did so, he leaned heavily on our table and the table toppled over, knocking our drinks and food into my friends lap, as well as mine. My friend was wearing white pants, so their cranberry and vodka and my birthday cake cocktail made their white pants look like a menstrual accident. Our waiter went to retrieve some towels, and another staff member tried to bring towels as well. The pants were not salvageable, nor was my barely touched meal. I had ordered a burger and fries, a 13 or 14 dollar cocktail, and an appetizer, all of which were destroyed. I'd only had a sip of my cocktail, less than half of my burger, and just a mere fried pickle before my food was doused with cocktails and spilled into our laps. Our waiter apologized, but no solution was offered. No one asked if they could replace our soiled, inedible meals, or offered to cover our portion of the bill.I work in a company that prides itself on flawless customer service, and was appalled at the response I received. We were handed our bills and nothing more was said. My friend and I were livid! Any half decent restaurant manager would have comped our entire party and apologized profusely, but he didn't even come to see our party and apologize when the waiter informed him of the situation. We payed our bill and I asked the hostess to see the manager. He came out to talk to me and was the epitome of a young, overly confident prick. I recanted the story of what happened at our table and he stared blanky at me until I finished speaking. His exact words were "I am sorry about the inconvenience, but I saw the whole thing happen, and it was you guys moving the table that caused it." At this point I was seething with rage. I told him that he wasn't even on the restaurant floor when it happened, and that we had completely leaned away from the table witht the initial spill. He just stared at me with glazed eyes, and nodded his head. I then told him that I knew he really didn't care what I was saying and I didn't appreciate him being patronizing rather than showing any form of empathy. Words cannot describe how horrific this manager was, and because of his lack of any sense I will never give any of my business to this restaurant ever again. I'm quite frankly floored that such an incredible establishment like the Cosmopolitan would allow such people to run one of their restaurants.All I can say is don't waste your time, the service alone makes this establishment boycott worthy. Save your money and eat elsewhere on the strip. I've heard horror stories about strip eateries, but I've never heard or experienced one as ghastly nightmarish as this.  So again, DO NOT EAT HERE.
4	Came here for dinner with a group of 13. I must say, they took forever and a day to seat us. However, everything else after that was smooth sailing.We were greeted with white truffle popcorn when we were seated but the waitress must not have gotten the memo that 3 small tins of popcorn (which were great) would not satisfy 13 guys' long wait/pre-meal munchies. However, she was on top when it came down to our orders. I got the Fun Ghi burger, which they pronounce fungi but should be pronounced more like "fun jee"....anyways, the burger was $17 but should have been more of a $14-15 burger.   The mark up must have been from the "truffle oil" that they claim they put in it but I couldn't taste truffle at all. Came with streak cut fries but I would recommend getting shoestring fries. When ordering your burger, order it 1 step more rare since they tend to overcook the patties. I ordered a medium rare and was served medium, NBD.
4	I am sorry to write that the Korean 'Bull'gogi burger is no more. It's a bummer because I really, really liked it, but luckily, my switch to El Machete was a good one. The Anaheim chile totally makes the burger, and I took pains to fork some chile onto each bite. Service was friendly, distinctively so, like you can tell that management makes it a priority, which I appreciate. I've scanned a lot of reviews about the long wait, which you can rectify via a simple Open Table reservation.  I generally don't buy into the pricey burger trend, but Holsteins really does it right, and it's one of the few great mid-priced restaurants in Vegas.
4	Our waitress was wonderful, very helpful with her menu suggestions. The lobster and beef quesadilla  appetizer was excellent!It was the highlight of the meal.  The Rising Sun burger was also delicious.
4	Burger joint inside the Cosmopolitan with great art all around the restaurant from a local Vegas artist.Burgers were great, I had the Rising Sun burger, the spicy mayo and avocado on it was amazing.Highly recommended, will be back to try the lobster Mac n cheese.
3	Met a friend here for apres-work dinner and a couple of beers. I was happy to see that they actually have a vegan burger on the menu!  I pretty much agree with fellow Yelper Jen. F's opinion. The burger was fine, a little mushy, served with avocado, cucumbers and lettuce (they didn't offer sprouts when I went). The burger was fine, but not mind-blowing. Got the shoestring fries - which were awesome.Sampled the Holsteins Special Lager - which the waitress said was like "Bud Light". Personally, I think that description does it no justice. Nice crisp, lager with a fairly low alcohol content.  Good beer for washing down a heavy meal with a drive home ahead of you.The service was attentive - our waitress was friendly and professional. The hostess seemed a bit glum, maybe she was having a bad day.
3	Ironically, I came here for... mac & cheese.Which, by the way, was amazing! It was actually an appetizer dish, so it wasn't as filling for a meal as I'd like... but I didn't want to eat too much. I especially loved the pieces of  lobster inside!I stole a few bites of my friend's titanic-sized chicken sandwich, which was pretty good. I think that thing could have fed a family of four or something. Eh, but it was average. I could not imagine being able to finish that sandwich. It also came with a side! Cray.But I don't know if I'd come back here again... food was pretty pricy. I'd come back for the shake and fries some time, though!
3	There's obviously lots of glamour in this restaurant. What can you expect in one of the newest/nicest hotels in Las Vegas with lots of people traffic? Because of this, I wanted to like it because of the gourmet burgers and fries (my type of unhealthy meal). We had to wait about 20 minutes to get a table for 4.I had The Rising Sun (Kobe Beef, Teriyaki Glaze, Nori Furikake, Crispy Yam, Spicy Mayo & Tempura Avocado). While I thought it was good--it wasn't extraordinary to me and I remember that none of us 4 really enjoyed the joint. If I had to come back, I'd try something else.Service could've been better--lots of room for improvement. I guess I would recommend coming here but don't expect super amazing.
3	If you want to have a burger in Vegas I recommend Holsteins.  The burgers were juicy and perfectly cooked.  The fries are wonderful.  The service was great!
4	Great burger and shakes place inside the new Cosmopolitan hotel. I ordered the Nom Nom Burger (beef patty, cheddar cheese, potato chips, and 1000 island dressing) with an added fried egg. It comes with shoestring fries or steak-cut fries. The patty was cooked medium rare and the whole burger was mouth-watering good!!Come hungry!!
4	Heard good thing about this place so popped in here for lunch. I had the classic Holsteins burger with sweet potato fries. The burger was delicious and made for the perfect lunch after a night of heavy drinking. The burger comes with onions, pickles, lettuce, tomato and mayo. Sweet potato fries were very good as well. I've had some amazing burgers in my life, so this place isn't exactly 5 stars, but its really good. The service is excellent and the was staff was very friendly. Definitely recommended
4	Overall great restaurant!!  Would definitely love to eat here again. The food was fantastic.  Ambiance is fun.  Location is great. Staff was friendly.  The mini lobster tails in hotdog buns were fantastic, and the sweet potato fries were great.  Would have been five stars but the price to portion ratio was a little high.
4	What's better than eating a good burger in a cool/hip setting with good music? Eating that same burger with a booze filled milk shake!  Holsteins was one of the first restaurants I ate at during my recent Vegas vacation and I have to say that I would definitely eat here again on my next visit.  The various burger offerings and descriptions made it difficult to choose but I finally settled on the steakhouse burger.  My burger was perfectly cooked/seasoned and was topped off with an obscene amount of grilled onions and mushrooms.  The steakcut fries were good but nothing to write home about.  I ordered the orange dreamsicle shake which was awesome and not overly rich like the grasshopper shake my buddy ordered.Although the restaurant was rather spacious there was only one bathroom for each gender which made waiting in line a common occurrence.  I'm not sure if they have a happy hour or other drink specials (the cheeky bartender stated that every hour was "happy") but the drink pricing was reasonable for Vegas.
4	yum in the tum and wonderful people watching! love vegas!
4	This place is money. It is super trendy with a great ambiance and music to match. I came here to meet some friends for lunch and was very pleased with the outcome. The wait was long but it was completely worth it! We had draft beer, fried pickles (yes fried pickles) and burgers. I would give the burger an 8.5. I will for sure make an effort to eat here next time I am in Vegas.If you are trying to eat here for lunch on the weekend, try to avoid the lunch rush or you can put your name down and walk around for about 30 minutes. Enjoy!
3	Holsteins was bustling with activity when I went on a recent Sunday afternoon.  The restaurant was brightly lit and loud.  There was a game on the televisions in the bar, and as a result, the bar was packed.  After waiting ten minutes for a table, we were seated at a comfortable table.  Our server was attentive and friendly.  She acknowledged us promptly and took our drink orders.  She provided several suggestions, and when I asked about the Nom Nom burger, she informed me that it was done as a charity promotion but was so popular, they kept it on the menu.  After serving us drinks, she provided us with a small bucket of popcorn.  Cute. And tasty.  I am sort of a popcorn kind of guy.  You probably didn't know that about me, and probably didn't want to know that about me. There are more things I can share, but I won't.  The popcorn was fresh and warm.  It also had a distinct flavor that was hard to place.  I thought it could have been a pickle flavor seasoning.  Hey, I am at a burger place, right?  It was salt and vinegar.  Tasty.The burgers came out quickly, and cooked to specification.  I asked for a little bit of pink, and that is what I got.  I had the Nom Nom burger.  It was tasty.  It could have been better.  The menu billed it as Kobe Beef.  At $16.50 for an 8 ounce burger, I can assure you this is not authentic Kobe Beef.  The first Kobe Beef in the last two years in Vegas is at City Center.  They are charging $35 an ounce.  So, maybe they are billing the Wagyu as Kobe Beef.  Or maybe it is the Kobe style beef.  Who knows.  I just know it wasn't what was billed.  We skipped the booze because we were trying to eat on the cheap.  A diet Coke, an iced tea, and two sandwiches came out to $42.  A little pricey in my opinion.  But, considering where I am, I don't mind paying for it.The burger, as I mentioned was cooked perfectly.  The bun was firm, but a little on the plain and boring side.  The fries, I got the shoe string, my companion got the thick fries, were hot, salted and well seasoned.  I preferred the shoe string fries over the thick fries.  So did my friend.  The burger was topped with white cheddar, potato chips and Thousand Island.  There was barely any sauce.  The chips covered the perfectly melted cheese.  I was surprised that there was no additional garnish present.  No pickle, tomato, onion or lettuce on the plate.  Not even a sprig of parsley.  At these prices, surely they could toss something in.  Applebee's even garnishes their plates with a sprig of inedible, icky kale.I didn't get a chance to sample the liquor malts, but rest assured, next time I go, I won't be driving, so I will definitely take a taste.
4	Good service, strong spiked milk shakes, crispy fries and beer on tap. Located right outside the entrance to Marquee. A good way to predrink before Marquee night club or day club. Could get packed so try to find a seat at the bar where drinks come out faster!!! Also if you can't finish your beer on site don't worry, they'll "pack up" your beer so you can take it to go!
4	Burger Heaven!This place was recommended by some friends and it did not disappoint. I originally went here to try the Cereal Bowl. It lived up to the hype. You can't go wrong with cap n' crunch & vodka. The pizza twinkies were delicious and the burgers were perfectly cooked. The menu is extensive and caters to everyone's taste. The service was great and they give you popcorn to snack on. SCORE! I will definitely being at Holsteins for years to come!
4	Delicious fried pickles, I really enjoyed my classic burger with onion rings.  They had a fairly adventurous menu and the prices were reasonable,  Also the decor of pigs wearing cow suits was really cute.  Would eat here again.
5	Went to Holstein's for lunch around 12:30 on a Saturday afternoon.  Was told it would be a 25 minute wait but was more like 15.  Hubby and I shared a Drunken Monkey shake (with Frangelica), I got the Hen House burger topped with a fried egg and hubby got the pork belly sliders.  (Our great waitress steered hubby away from the Ahi Tuna sliders he originally ordered).  Everything was delicious.  My burger was cooked perfectly to medium and was one of the best I've ever had.  Only small complaint is the bottom of the bun got soggy with all the burger juice so I had to eat it upside down.  Bill for lunch was around $50 with tip, well worth it we thought.
5	Amazing, amazing, AMAZING! Been there 2 times in the past month. Everything that I ordered was scrumptious. Who would have thought I would like fried pickles? They don't sound so appetizing... but whoa, they were flawless.The Ahi Tuna Sliders (perfect if you aren't too hungry) were also great! Melt in your mouth good.Then... the Rising Sun Burger. Holy $%!^ that is the best thing that I think I have ever tasted, ever. I sat there until I finished it, no matter how full I was. Couldn't waste such a thing.*******AMAZING*********
5	Amazing Burgers! Don't forget to, order the nice finger foods before the meal!
4	4.0 gold standard burger - I ordered this based on the push from our server.2.5 for my shoestring friesI was famished as we were exploring the various hotel/casinos in the recently built City Center.  The name Holstein caught my attention so I asked everyone if this was o.k.The five of us were seated in one of the half moon shaped booths with two seated in the chairs.  We looked around and noticed one cow with many more caricatures of pigs instead.  Why the name Holstein if there's a bunch more pigs everywhere?We each ordered one of many burgers listed. Cooked perfectly to order.  The shakes looked good.  Some blended with alcohol.My only con - wimpy and very lukewarm fries.  Like they've been sitting around awhile.$34 p/p inc tax and tip.
4	Just stopped in here for a couple of drinks before hitting the airport (gotta make sure my husband is good and medicated) but had a nice experience. The beer taps were plentiful and well-chosen, the wine list short but appealing. Service was very attentive, and I mysteriously got a really huge pour on my second glass of wine (maybe because I was the first one that day to pronounce Viognier correctly?).
5	When it comes to burgers, this place is tops.  I have been going here for two years, and always have the best experiences.  Their appitizers are great too, love the fried pickles and the buffalo chicken dip.  The desserts are also outstanding.  I really like the spiked shakes too, but be careful, they do pack a punch sometimes.  Although the music is a little loud at night sometimes, it's a really fun, hip place to enjoy a beer and burger in Vegas.
4	My favorite place for a quick-ish bite on the Strip.  The Cosmo rocks and everything here, from the large selection of beer, to the awesome appetizers (try the bao/steamed bun sliders) to the yummy burgers is great. Advice: get the skinny fries and a shake too!
4	This place looked interesting when I was walking through the Cosmopolitan on my way to another restaurant, so we went back a few days later. We were not starving, so we opted to share a burger, appetizer and milkshake.  If you're really hungry, you'll be able to finish a burger and shake with no problem. They brought out a snack of salt and vinegar popcorn to everyone's table and this stuff is awesome. You'll be asking for another bucket of it.We had the Drunken Monkey milkshake and it was everything you want an alcoholic milkshake to be.  I would imagine that all the different flavors would be as well.  We ordered the buffalo chicken wing dip as an appetizer.  I've made this stuff at home and loved it, but wasn't thrilled with their take on it.  It was more like a creamy ranch hot sauce mixture, and you couldn't really find the chicken.  It tasted ok, but it isn't something I'd order again. The burger was one of the best I've had.  It was the Steakhouse burger and we ordered it medium and it was cooked to perfection.  The flavors popped out all over the place.  If this review were based on the burger alone, I would have given it 5 stars.  Unfortunately, while tasty, the skinny fries were cold.  If you're on your way to the Wicked Spoon, save $20 and stop here instead.
4	Holsteins is a fun place to feed your face. Everything about it is whimsical and brash -- the food, the decor, the service -- but in a good way.I had the Korean Bull-golgi Burger, which is made with soy marinated beef and is topped with kimchee slaw, chili mayo, and a kalbi glaze. It's a mix of sweet, salty, and spicy, but what brings it all together is the runny fried egg. The burger is a knockout -- like a Taekwondo kick to your tastebuds!Not one to skip the opportunity to get liquored up, I also had the Campfire Smores shake. I couldn't really taste the vodka (a good thing perhaps) but the shake was really delicious. It made me feel like a kid again ... an alcoholic kid.
3	The food was DELICIOUS, I got the veggie burger and my boyfriend got a real one, also the spring rolls that seemed to be pure heaven.  My only big gripe is that I paid over $10 for a milkshake that was supposed top have booze in it.  Don't bother folks, the shake was nummy but I highly doubt there was more than a splash of the amaretto that was supposed to be in it. If I pay that much for a drink, I do expect to actually taste the alcohol.  SO good for dinner, bad for drinking, and seeing as this is Vegas, I expect better drinks!
2	probably the biggest let down in the Cosmo.
5	I had dinner here with 2 bodybuilders. ;)We took our friend Seth out to dinner during the 2012 Olympia Expo weekend here in Vegas and boy did we pick the RIGHT spot to WOW our friend with a gourmet burger. Apparently where he's from, you have to drive miles and miles to get a decent "gourmet" meal.The wait wasn't so bad either on a busy Saturday night during the dinner rush hour. We put our names down on the wait list and gave them one of our cell phone numbers.The wait was only 15-20 minutes and we were seated inside the dining area instead of the bar (which is good cuz apparently by 9:30pm, there's a DJ booth set up in the bar area and we prefer to have good convos during dinner and not have to yell or scream at each other).Since I had a burger in Vegas the previous 2 nights I opted to order something else off the menu while the boys both ordered themselves some burgers. I got the Surf & Turf Quesadilla. We also ordered onion rings to start and they sure were bomb diggity. Very crispy with huge ass oninos and I could bite through each one easily. Which is a major bonus for me since I have a horrible underbite. When my quesadilla came out, I dove right in and noticed how amazingly soft and flavorful the tortilla was. The quesadilla comes with Broiled Steak and Maine Lobster stuffed with Manchego Cheese and the avocado cream on top was seriously like the best creamy jizz shot you've ever tasted. ;)For dessert we got The Candy Store which came with 5 cute little cake-pop like delectables. They're a bit pricey, but you're in Vegas and since we don't drink I didn't mind gettin a nice sugar high for a hefty price.We also got the homemade blueberry pop tart with red velvet popcorn and sweet corn ice cream that sat on top of the most decadent lemon tart reduction. OMG! Amazeballs!I definitely wanna come back here and have a burger next time and maybe even one of their crazy milkshakes if I decide to start drinking alcohol again.
3	I want to give this place a better review since it's at my favorite spot on the trip - The Cosmopolitan.  The thing is...the burger was not very good.  My wife and I split the Nom Nom Burger (Kobe beef, potato chips, thousand island dressing) thinking it would be something we couldn't find somewhere else.  The beef patty was overcooked and did not seem to be seasoned.  The potato chips were a nice touch and appeared to be made in house.  The hamburger was simply lacking flavor.  I'll say that we enjoyed the french fries that came with the hamburger (and all hamburgers at Holsteins.)  The beer selection was admirable and allowed me to an IPA that I've not had before.  Too bad for you that I can't remember the name.  Overall, I think that I'd go back because I got the feeling that they could do better.  Casual, relatively affordable and average from most angles.  A safe bet if you are already in The Cosmopolitan, but not worth a special trip.
4	I am giving this place 3.5 stars. The service was weird from the start. We had a party of five, and they made us wait 10 minutes when the restaurant only had about 5 tables full. We sat down, were handed menus, and our waiter never came by for another 10 minutes. One of us had to ask someone for water, and ask for a waiter. The waiter also took forever to come back to take our orders.From there, it seemed like he tried to redeem himself the entire time. We finally ordered. I had the billionaire burger for $28. It was a kobe beef patty with foie gras, onions, frisee, and truffle mayo. The burger was really good and filling. I only ate half. It came with a  side of fries and I mistakenly chose the shoestring fries. The steak fries were much better. Oh yea, the waiter bought us buckets of fries while we waited for our food to try to suck up to us. It came with a house made ketchup that was really good. My friend's burger was sent back to the kitchen twice. He asked for a well done patty, and it came out super rare that it bled all over the plate. Second, they forgot the grilled onions.Lastly, the waiter called the manager over to give us free dessert of liquid nitrogen meringues. Overall, the burgers and fries were fine, but the service was weird.
4	Yum!!! This review is based on their milkshakes. Spiked milkshakes that is. After dinner, my friends and I went to the bar and wanted to try their milkshakes. My friend and I split the captain crunch milkshake. It is definitely better to share. It can be very heavy and they give you more than just one cup of it. They give you the left overs in another cup. You can definitely taste the alcohol in the shake, but it's not heavy enough that you will feel it unless you are low tolerance.I also got to try and grasshopper and the oreo shakes. Both of them were great as well. You can walk into the bar and seat yourself. We got there about 8:15pm and it was busy busy on a Friday night! Next time, I do want to try their food. :)
5	I had a really great experience at this restaurant. Everything about it is wonderful - nice ambience, very attentive servers, and delicious food. All of the spiked shakes sounded so good, but I went with the brown cow float. It was sooo yummy! I also got the crispy pork belly buns, which my server said was the "most excellent choice," and they were unbelievably delicious! The complimentary salt and vinegar popcorn was a great touch.
4	Well, just a few days ago I learned that Holsteins prepares a damn fine burger--and a superior Chocolate Shake!  After being escorted to a comfortable corner booth, we began with complimentary freshly popped Popcorn.  It was unnecessary but good.  Next came juicy Fried Pickles with a really good Caper Mayo Dressing.  A hot and crisp outer shell encased a scorching hot but very tasty pickle interior that truly satisfied after the breaded spears were dipped in the mellow mayo.  Meanwhile, I had a hard time deciding whether I preferred the delicious Chocolate Milk Shake with Chocolate Syrup or the thick and sweet Whipped Cream that took up one-fourth of the drink's height.  I even lamented to Diane that it was too bad that there wasn't more liquid in the shake until she reminded me that the silver canister set down on the table with the shake contained still more chocolatey fluid (about a quarter of a tall glassful).  And, so it did!    Then the burgers and fries arrived.  For me, a Classic with lettuce, tomato, mayonnaise, onions, and ketchup was medium rare as ordered, and happily contained no visible char.  There was an excellent grilled taste to the meat, and although the plain bun and solid sheet of green lettuce were not my favorites, there was no question that this was a top-tier burger, and I had no problem finishing off the ample half-pounder, along with the tasty Shoestring Fries that accompanied it.Meanwhile, Diane clearly enjoyed her medium-rare Nom Nom Burger with Kobe Beef and Cheddar Cheese, as well as fulfilling Fat Fries.  Our server was slow in executing what he promised, but was busy with a mostly full house and eventually came through with water refills, extra ketchup, and a salt shaker as hard driving music enveloped the cow-adorned dining room. It was a nice, filling, and satisfying dinner, which I expect to repeat despite the next day's uptick on the home scale.
2	Food is pretty good, but not for the price. I'd have given them a 4-star for that, but the real problem is that in the 8 times I've been there (4 in person, 4 for take-out) I've never once received my order as I ordered it. It's especially frustrating on take-out orders that somebody else is picking up for you. (3 of the 7 people in my office that ordered with me today ALSO received their orders wrong.)After the first couple times I noticed a trend, and I've finally reached the point where I only eat here if somebody else is paying.
5	Awesome place! The shakes are killer and the alcoholic versions are even better! Some of the best burgers in town...try the Billionaire. Definitely recommend this place before or after a concert at the Cosmo
5	Admittedly, I would have given this place four stars due to the sheer exorbitant prices if it weren't for the amazing, if not the best, burgers I have had in my 26 years of life. And believe me, I've had my fair share of burgers. Okay - enough about the rave and onto the food:  I must start with the free starter popcorn, which was perfectly salted and just the right amount of butter so good that I had to ask for second!For appetizer, we ordered the Surf and Turf Quesadillas, which has a combination of broiled steak and lobster that complements surprisingly well topped off with Manchego cheese to give it a rich texture to go along with Avocado cream that leaves a rather refreshing after tasteFor main course, I ordered the Rising Sun burger (A must have based on other yelpers' validations) and the steak fries as a side. The juicy Kobe beef spread with the Teriyaki glaze just burst with flavor, but not too salty as it is matched with a slightly sweet addition from the cripsy yam. At the same time, the Spicy mayo and tempura avocada adds a tantalizing kick to the already delicious burger all on its own. I also added a fried Egg which just kicks it up another notch. The steak fries that came with the burger just left me speechless as I could not even taste the grease but had so much crisp and flavor that left me licking the seasoning off of my thumbs All in all, what more can you ask for than a perfect burger and a beer in a chilling afternoon at Vegas? I would have liked to try Truffle lobster Mac N Cheese but there just was not enough stomach to fit it all or time on the agenda to come back for round 2. Definitely a 5 star unforgettable experience - Super winning!
4	Even if you don't grab a bite to eat here, you should stop for the shakes.  Either with alcohol or without.  They have some damn fine shakes.  I loved the s'mores one.  ugh. omg. delicious.
5	If you took away the awesome burgers, the great shakes, wonderful service, and just left me with the Lobster Truffle Mac N' Cheese, I would still give this place 5 stars.  But I DID have all that, and was not let down in the least.  This is NOT one of those places where you pay a grip and then feel cheated after your meal; the food is well worth it.Definitely going back and bringing people.  Located on the 2nd floor at Cosmopolitan, next to Va Bene Caffe (also a decent place).  There.  Now you can't use 'getting lost' as an excuse not to go.
4	Aged goat cheddar on a cheeseburger is pretentious - but lucky for me, I adore pretentious food. Holsteins is fantastic. I read that they specifically created the restaurant for the Cosmopolitan, which I'm assuming is true because they both have a very cool, similar vibe. The alcoholic milkshakes are amazing (try the Oreo - it comes with Bailey's) and the popcorn that comes on the table is magical. I don't know what their secret ingredient is but I need to find out. My only complaint (and not even that) was that there are flat screens everywhere showing football games. My boyfriend was glued to the screen, which was great for him, but made me slightly annoyed since I don't care for sports. There are also endless options for how you want your burger. Being a cheese snob, I had to go with the stinkiest ones possible - it takes burgers to the next level. I opted for a regular beef burger but the lamb burger sounded amazing - can't wait to try it next time - because I will definitely be back.
3	I hate to compare any burger I've ever eaten in my life to my all time favorite Umami Burger, but given the price you pay at Holsteins I figured it'd at least come close to it. Unfortunately, my first experience here was quite disappointing. I yelped Holstein's Shakes and Buns & decided to give it a try after seeing it was given 4 stars. We came here on the Sunday of Halloween weekend & were glad that the wait wasn't that long. Our waitress kindly informed us about their "special" shakes (which i thought was unique to their establishment). I ordered the Gold Standard, which our waitress said they were most famous for. The burger LOOKED really good, but as I bit into the burger, I quickly realized that the patty was very bland. They had cooked it the way I wanted, but there was just no flavor whatsoever in the patty. My appetite disappeared soon after as I found it hard to even eat the french fries. Our waitress seemed to have disappeared for a while as well. Perhaps my taste buds were off that day from all the drinking the two nights before, but my meal just wasn't appetizing to me. Based on my first try here at Holsteins, I don't believe that they deserve the 4 stars. I am, however willing to give them another try & order something that would better appeal to my taste. I'm HOPING after that, I could also consider this fine establishment a 4 star restaurant.
1	Ok so to start of the place is nicely designed and very hip. This is the only reason i even chose to give it a star.  The Menu is sharp and creative.  Holstein's is a burger bar and restaurant but are best known for their extensive list of alcoholic milkshakes which at $15+ each are tasty but a little hard to swallow.We had 4 people for dinner, the total was $160 and it was to say the least, one of the worse burgers I have ever eaten...EVER.I started off and had a milk shake which was good, a little hard to swallow at $12 but at least it tasted good. We ordered the BILLIONAIRE BURGER $28 Kobe Beef, Foie Gras, Port Onion Marmalade, Frisee, Truffle Mayo and the GOLD STANDARD Burger   $17.5 Dry Aged Beef Sirloin Burger With Smoked Bacon, Aged Goat Cheddar Cheese, Tomato Confit, Baby Arugula & Garlic-Chive Aioli.I told our slightly slow server several time MAKE SURE THE BURGERS ARE MEIDUM-RARE.  After a 40 minute wait time, the burgers arrived, and they looked AMAZING.   I took my first bite and was unpleasantly surprised by the rapid sizzle of the skin on the roof of my mouth. Slightly alarmed by the burning feeling I removed the bun to see what was going on.  The entire roof of my mouth was burned on a quarter size piece of foie-gras in my burger.  Apparently NO ONE bothered to consider learning how to prepare foie-gras before apply for a job at Holsteins and instead fried the hell out of it in a pan.  My rather nicely sized $30 burger had a piece of foie-gras on it that was the size of a quarter and burned.  What I received was far from a medium-rare burger.  The greasy, oily and hard to swallow burger was far from delicious and even further away from edible.  I asked the server if this was a joke and showed him the inside of the burger I had taken one bite of.   Confused and surprised, he apologized and said he will be back. After waiting for 10 minutes he returned and apologized mentioning that the "Size of Fie-Gras varies in each burger"  ....the question is by how much?  In an effort to make the most out of this horrible ordeal, I ordered a piece of foie-gras to place on my burger and requested they don't fry the hell out of it.  The server told me that it would be $20 extra which I told him was clearly not a problem. It arrived 20 minutes later once the burger was cold.  Once again it arrived burned to a brown color and tasted almost as bad as my now cold and tasteless $30 burger. To be fair the place is very cute and well designed, the staff is polite but slow and poorly trained.  The service is sub fast-food quality.  Our server was slow and didn't take orders very well.   Overall, I would never go back and have Holstein's again unless it was for a $15 milk shake which was good but sadly not good enough.
5	Came here the other night after a private tour of the Cosmopolitan with some classmates of mine. LOVED IT!!!When we eat out at restaurants we're 'one of THOSE customers'. We asked for split checks, ordered at different times, had special requests, etc. Our waitress, Erin always had a smile on her face the whole time and made fabulous recommendations. ASK FOR HER!I had the Virgin Campfire Shake, which was DELISH! I didn't have a burger because I had eaten previously but I am definitely coming back to try one. My friend ordered a burger and it looked SOOOOOOOOOOO good. I was jealous. TRY IT OUT!
4	two of the best burgers i have ever had. period.
5	This place is AMAZING!! We ordered the truffle lobster Mac and cheese that was delicious! My friend and I shared the billionaire burger a piece of foi gai on top of Kobe beef.... Absolutely delicious! We also tried the grass hopper shake that was very yummy, taste exactly like a grass hopper cookie with a hint of alcohol. This is the place for great for burgers and shakes. I will being coming back next time I'm in Vegas.
5	One of the best burgers I've ever tried.  First of all, this restaurant is usually packed, so prepare for a wait.  Second, the decor is adorable!  The cartoon cow graces their windows and in the wall paintings, which creates a fun and relaxed environment.  They have interesting gourmet burgers and sliders and spiked milkshakes!  My favorite was the Rising Sun burger - kobe beef with tempura avocado, teriyaki glaze, and sprinkles of furikake.  So many different flavors and textures that worked together.  I also tried the Fun-ghi, with portabello mushrooms, aioli, and truffle oil, but it was too much goodness in one that it was overwhelming.  The flavors were too similar and heavy, especially the two thick pieces of gruyere cheese.  The burgers come with a side of either skinny or steak fries.  I recommend the steak fries because their skinny fries are too crispy and almost chip-like.  Don't forget to try their shakes and malts!  I wanted to try their spiked shakes, but got grossed out thinking about alcohol from the night before, so I got a simple vanilla malt, which was thick, creamy and fatty.  YUM!
2	I was looking for something open late at night around 11:30 and this was one of the only places open that looked decent.  I ordered the burger here which was a little hard to eat because it was messy the way they made it, but it was good.  The shake here was average.
4	Worth it for the billion dollar burger!  My yelp friend Nelson F. recommended this place to me for the foie burger, and man, it did not disappoint!  My date is a massive foie lover so of course he opted for extra foie.  It made a delicious creamy compliment to the burger.  The burger is usually $28 and was $40 with the extra foie.  I had the Korean hot dogs and we split an order of the Maine lobster roll.  Neither was particularly impressive - the lobster roll was the salad kind, which I don't like.  The Korean hot dogs were adorable but nothing spectacular.  With that being said, however, the foie burger was amazing, the service was attentive and friendly, and I loved the adorable vibe inside.  I'll definitely return next time I'm in Vegas.
5	Love the atmosphere. A little cartoony but definitely not anime. The burgers were rich and juicy and the malt shake was a meal in itself. I definitely will be coming back for sure. Located right in the Cosmopolitan.
5	I stayed at The Cosmo the last time I was in Vegas and decided to try out the burger and shakes restaurant. The truffle lobster Mac and cheese was tasteful. Pork belly buns were soo crispy and mouthwatering. Very flavorful. The billionaire burger is made for a king. Sooo spectacular especially with the foie gras, melts in ur mouth like butter! I will definitely come here every time I am in town.
4	I'd say the environment is a 5 and the food and service is about a 3.5. Really nice environment and the art on the walls is fun. Whoever put this place together did a fantastic job. We had a bit of a problem with getting our food- it took a very long time. Anyways, the staff seems to generally be pretty nice. The food is pretty decent. The Almond Joy shake I had was very good. The kobe burger I had was really decent but not great. There was almost none of the 1000 island dressing the menu mentioned on the burger. Fries are pretty good as well. Of the 5 of us, most of us thought it was solid one thought it was great and one did not care for their sandwich. All in all, I'd go back but wouldn't make it a "must goto" destination like Nobhill Tavern is for me.
4	Nice high end burger joint at the Cosmopolitan right across from the Marquee Club.I came with a my Vegas local friend to grab a bite before watching our show Zarkana and decided to eat here since it wasn't too far from the Aria. Like all the other restaurants in the Cosmopolitan are trendy just like the hotel, the music was loud and the decor around the restaurant was fun to look at especially the Holstein's Bull right across from the bar. I ordered the Captain Hook that had raw and grilled salmon all on one burger and I thought was very unique and my friend ordered the Rising Sun Burger that included Kobe beef and tempura avocado. We both shared each others burgers to get a taste and we loved it but it was pricey just like everything  else inside the Cosmopolitan but who cares if you just want to relax with friends and family and have a great time. Our meals included strong fries and for the appetizer we got the lobster quesadilla and complimentary popcorn.  Service here was excellent and I'll definitely be back to try other burgers on the menu.
4	I ordered my burger well done, that was my bad. I couldn't taste the juicy burger in all of its glory. The sweet potatoe fries were bomb and very tasty. My only dissapointment was the alcoholic milkshakes. I barely tasted any booze what so ever. I don't believe that a one ounce shot for a big milkshake will do it!Service rocks, the atmosphere was banging and tables clean. My only other grip were the bathrooms, only 1 person per shitter is wack for the volume of people at this place.
5	Ahi sliders....TO DIE FOR! Best fries ever. Savored every bite. Wish I was back in Vegas for some more yumminess
4	5 stars for the food, minus 1 star for the service. My fellow Yelpers, you did not disappoint. My friend and I came here after reading reviews on Yelp. We always like to try new things, so this was a perfect opportunity. I had the Billionaire Burger, and yes, it is DEFINITELY worth the $28!! After California banned foie gras, I was heart broken. I didn't know when I will be able to eat it again, so when I saw the Billionaire Burger on the menu, I had to get it!This burger is made with kobe beef, FOIE GRAS, port onion marmalade, frisee, and truffle mayo. This burger is packed with a punch of flavor and textures that all mesh so well together. I usually get cheese on my burgers, but I opted out this time since there's so many flavors going on already. If you absolutely need some cheese, I'd probably recommend a mild cheese like provolone or gruyere. When the burger was set down in front of me, my jaw just about dropped to the floor. There was a HUGE piece of grilled foie gras on my burger. I was expecting small pieces or even just a pate version, but no, I was wrong. The foie gras was so creamy and the truffle mayo was so earthy and packed a punch. There was small pieces of truffle in the mayo! You definitely get the bang for your buck here. The burger came with a choice of shoestring fries (which I recommend since they are so crunchy) or steak fries. Another tip. If you check in with Foursquare, you get a free house draft beer or margarita. I don't know how long this offer lasts, but give it a try. For the service, it was just non existent. Our server took so long to take our orders. We sat at the table for about 10 min after she took our order to get our drinks. I think she just wasn't in the mood to be at work, but still, you can't let the customers know that. All in all, yes, I definitely felt like a Billionaire eating that burger, and that burger was probably the best fancy burger I had in my life! I can't wait til I go to Vegas again.
4	What a cute theme for a restaurant.  Holsteins offers burgers, fries, and shakes as well as some salads and other sandwiches.  Cute cow theme throughout the restaurant.  On this day we stopped in for lunch and a drink.  We had a cocktail and I had some sliders with fries.  I originally didn't think that it would be enough food but it turned out to be plenty.They offer adult shakes with booze in them, which is always a fun idea.  I stuck to one of their specialty cocktails, which was very tasty and actually had some booze in it.  Service was quick, friendly and efficient, a nice stop while touring the Cosmopolitan casino.
3	I wouldn't say I'm a big fan of their ambiance and decor, which seems to be casual and urban, but their food was pretty decent. The graffiti-style paintings on the wall were candy for the eye.We received complimentary popcorn. I ordered the pork-belly wrap with sweet potato fries. The pork-belly wrap were surprisingly good. I wouldn't say they're authentic Chinese, but it came pretty close and was delicious in its own way.I also had the ahi poke appetizer, a small dish of raw tuna salad. I wouldn't recommend this appetizer for more than one person considering its small size, but it was really good. I felt as though the dish could have a little more of that chilli mayo sauce on the side. I recall it being just two drops for the whole dish. You don't need a whole lot, but maybe two additional drops would've satisfied my senses.
5	Lets,start with price its a little on the high side for a burger but after you eat there it won't matter anymore. You also have to take into consideration that you are not at home this is vegas and the space is at a premium causing the business to have to charge more to cover that expense. Our server Erin was fantastic. This girl never stopped moving and I never saw anyone in her area including us sit with an empty glass. I drink a lot of diet coke and she kept them coming I never had to even ask. She was very friendly, perceptive and just a great person to talk with. Even had the food been fair the service would have Moore then made up for it. The food was very good. We had the hen burger and the longhorn burgers. We cut them in half and each took a half of each. They were both good burgers. We both preferred the hen not to say the other was bad it just didn't seem to have the flavor we liked that the hen did. We also ordered the onion rings and they were great. The sauce was a bit smokey for me but my wife loved it. They came out nice and crisp and the onions were actually cooked.We will go back.
3	Yes, this is a good burger, but if you eat a lot of burgers, you should know that it's going to be nowhere near the best you've had.I ordered pork belly-wrapped hot dogs which were very meh and not worth the $12. Service was fine and a huge thumbs up on the complimentary salt and vinegar popcorn. I could've had three buckets.
5	The Billionaire burger, though pricey, is definitely worth it. The foie gras compliments the burger so well. The flavor of all its components are exceptional. I wanted more! Loved the selection of spiked milkshakes (definitely recommend the tiramasu) and other alcoholic beverages to wash down the beef. We'll be back soon, no doubt.
4	The burgers here look great, sound great, taste good but are overpriced.  The fries and onion rings are good as well.  The real superstar at Holsteins is their adult milk shakes omg to die for!
4	OH. MY. GOD. How have I not reviewed this place before? I was relatively sure I had...First of all, this place seems to always be busy...and busy with beautiful people. It's a great place to people watch and/or gawk.The burgers are awesome and I'm a huge fan of the Chicken Caesar Salad. The chicken is grilled to perfection- juicy, moist, and flavorful. Naturally, I'll be back!
4	These burgers are really melt in your mouth delicious!! I had the El Machete burger which was topped with an Anaheim chile, pepper jack cheese, onions and a spicy sauce. It was a perfect burger. I wish they had a Holsteins in San Diego. My wife had the Maine lobster roll which she enjoyed a lot but thought it was too small. She should have had one of the burgers because they are all huge. So if you looking for a great burger in Vegas come here and your stomach will thank you.
4	When I had to make my way across the "skywalk" to work on the other side of the street, I always took a "short cut" through the Cosmo upstairs.  After our dinner at China Poblano, I learned to pay more attention to what else was up there, which was the reason why I zeroed in on Holstein's.  And hey - any restaurant serving burgers that even utilizes the COW'S FREAKIN' NAME, had better be ready to 'bring it', as far as I'm concerned.  So when Bear and I selected it for our burger fix, we were prepared for - at the very least - a 'transformative experience.'So was it THAT kind of deal? Nope, not really.  But you could do SO much worse.First of all - as promised - I have to give a shout-out to our server, Amanda.  Just that right, attractive combination of smiles, sass and 'savoir faire'' (NOTE TO MANAGERS: GET this woman a raise, STAT!) I've always loved that in the better restaurants in town, the staff always have an 'inside/out' knowledge of the menu and the daily specials, and in this particular area, Amanda did not disappoint. (Which is why Holstein's gets an extra star.)  With so many different styles of burger to choose from, it could have been an all-day task to select just one, but with her help, I chose the Nom-Nom Burger ($16.50), while Bear went "classic" and got the Gold Standard ($17.50). Pricey? Well, DUH! What does anybody expect when they're using Kobe and dry- aged sirloin to craft the frickin' burgers? (And don't forget - this IS a 'Strip' joint we're talking about here, people!) And while we waited - but not for long - we got to check out the unique decor that included anime-style artwork of the Holstein's "mascot".  Cute...especially considering that he's on the menu as well as the wall!For our 'intro', we had the Buffalo Chicken Dip ($12.00) a cluckin'-good twist on chili con queso served with warm tortilla chips, and Bear's 'de rigeur' item to try, the Cuban Street Tacos ($13.00) a delicious menage-a-trois of roast pork, ham and Swiss lovingly drizzled with pickle and spicy mustard aioli. The bite I had of one of them made me wonder if I should've gotten a separate appetizer as well....And then came the burgs.  Bear liked his Standard just fine, and I added some 'meat candy' (aka BACON!) to my Nom-Nom for about two bucks more. I didn't know if I expected a burger with barbecue potato chips and 1000 Island dressing to actually work, but damn if didn't, and in quite a tasty way, too. (But then again...name one thing that doesn't taste better with bacon on it.)  It was quite the stunning companion to my Frozen Grasshopper Shake ($11.00).  And the fries served with were just the way I like them: crispy, spicy shoestrings, with none of the greasiness you get from other burger joints.So, sure, Holstein's is giving up burgers, but not at Jack-In-The-Box prices, so it's always best to keep that in mind.  And as repeat visits go, I think we can file this one under "Special Occasions" mostly.  And we will always ask to be seated in Amanda's section...
4	My girlfriend and I were hanging out in City Center before a show and decided to swing in for an appetizer and a drink.Staff was courteous and after a bit of a wait (it was a Saturday night) we were seated. The atmosphere is very unique, I liked the theme, the decor, and the artwork, however morbid it may be (one picture is of an animated cow who has cut his own heart out, and admiring how delicious it looks). But overall a fun experience.We ordered the Holstein Beef sliders and some sweet potato fries, as well as their Campfire Smores shake. The sliders were great, the beef in particular was awesome, I'd love to go back for one of their 8oz. full size burgers. The fries were my favorite, I've had several from all around, and I think these were the best sweet potato fries I've had yet. The shake was also very very good, and I recommend that if you're trying the full experience, to order a shake with your meal. It tasted exactly as described, with graham cracker bits mixed throughout.Great food, good service, and a fun atmosphere with lots of people, music playing; an overall great time.
5	Yup.  All that and a shake.  Best meal I have had in Vegas for the last few trips.  I had the Rising Sun and in my normal fashion wanted to opt out of an ingredient and was recommended not to as the tastes were meant to be together.  I could not agree more - the best, most unique, tastiest burger ever.  Fries were great, onion rings tasty and drinks divine.  I'm super glad I went and you will be too.
4	Really fun place with good food.  I went on a Sunday and the place was full of guys who were enjoying the football games.  It made it a really fun atmosphere.  Plenty of tvs to watch different games, and the restaurant area is far enough away from the bar that you are not disturbed by crowd.The service was fabulous and food quite enjoyable.  We had a good variety and everything was tasty.  I'd definitely recommend this place and go back if i'm in the area.
4	If you're looking for a snack that isn't sushi or tapas, and maybe a cocktail to go with it, this is a decent place in the Cosmopolitan.  I had a cobb salad and spicy Bloody Mary, which were both totally worthwhile.  I nibbled on my wife's sliders too, which were excellent.Prices are about what you'd expect on the Strip, but the service was better than one might expect.  Bottom line, we were happy and full after our visit here.
5	Came here before heading home and had the Gold standard burger and The rising sun burger!  These were the best burgers I've ever had.  Well worth the price and experience!  Quality burgers.
3	Great service but portions were small for the price. Food okay.
3	It's a gastropub style burger joint with Vegas strip pricing and fancier burgers.Heard a lot about their milkshakes, ordered a black and white.  Just like everyone says, it's a good milkshake.  So it's definitely worth coming here just for that.Black truffle lobster mac 'n cheese: black truffle was too strong.  If the lobster didn't have a distinct color, you wouldn't have even noticed it was in there.  Sauce was underseasoned.  The chip garnish was interesting, but I don't see how that plays in with the dish.  Superfluous...but not a negative.Korean kimchi hot dogs: was very intrigued by this menu item, but it was underwhelming.  It tasted exactly like a hot dog with bbq sauce.  Didn't get the sour punch from the kimchi, nor did I even notice pork belly in it.  The bun was very soft and delicious though.  Gold standard burger: goat cheese cheddar was wonderful, and my burger was cooked to medium rare which is a plus.  Overall, burger was good, but lacked seasoning.  Bun was nicely done.  Service was spot-on.  We sat in the lounge so we didn't have to wait for a table, so I can't say much for the actual dining service.  For what it is, and being in Vegas, I'd say it's a good spot to go for a burger fix.  Is it a top tier burger place?  Remains to be seen when I come back again, because there's a lot of stiff competition out there.
5	After eating here, this was the only meal my friend and I talked about for the rest of the trip. The burgers are PERFECT. The fries are fantastic. The alcoholic milkshakes are amazing. The servers are fast and attentive. We were there on a saturday afternoon, and they had plenty of TVs for college football. Funky, witty artwork all over the walls. A gigantic bar. Love this place, and will be back any time I'm in town.
4	If youre looking for fantastic service and great food then this is the place. I was with a group of 23 celebrating a 21st bday. We had one server with an assistant to help her & they didnt miss a beat! I never went empty on my drink and she checked in on us efficiently.The decor was cute, lots of pigs and cows. They had this cute whimsical looking pig on an 18"x18" glass connected to eachother as wall seperators.We started with appetizers: Deep Fried Pickles-fried deliciousness; Redneck poppers-pulled bbq pork w/cheddar cheese formed in a ball & deep fried, they were amazing & I didnt want to share! Lobster Rolls-served on mini hot dog style buns, filled with a lobster filling-it was okay but couldnt taste the lobster, you got 2 mini's for $14, Lobster Mac-n-Cheese was incredible & I would order a full size order for myself! The Gold Standard burger was cooked to perfection and you cant go wrong with bacon on it! We passed around a few different milkshakes and they were very good.My only suggestion to them was to offer snack size plates of absolutely everything on the menu because I couldnt decide which yumminess to try!! I will definitely go back on my next visit to Vegas!
3	Because we stayed at the Cosmopolitan Hotel, dining at Holsteins became a must for us to stop into.  The restaurant was located a few steps from the elevators which also provided a visual reminder for us every time we passed it.Our party started off lunch with some spicy Bloody Mary's.  They were actually a little WAY too spicy it felt like you drank some fire - the heat crazy lingered.  They also have a pretty amazing beer selection. The server cracked me up when I asked him for an IPA suggestion - this guy said their Sierra Nevada "Holiday Blend" was what he'd recommend.  Uhmmmm....So I went with the Green Flash IPA instead.  I also had a taste of the Tenaya Creek Hop Ride IPA - both VERY tasty ales.  MmmHmmm.  The server also brought out some Salt and vinegar popcorn for us to munch on. I haven't ever had these and gobbled them up to say the least.  I didn't eat any burgers this time around but had their Crispy Pork Belly Buns.  These were tasty and hit the spot.  Other members of our party had burgers though: the Big Fat Greek for one.  It was big AND fat - looked tasty too. If only I ate lamb *sigh*Definitely coming back to check out their burgers - prob settle for a turkey burger.  The service was good and prices adequate for a Vegas restaurant.  I especially liked their artwork around the place.  It was artsy youthful and featured a comical cow all throughout.  What a way to lighten up the fact that you're going to soon scarf down one of 'em...
4	Last minute Sunday night decision as my friends were staying at the Cosmopolitan for the Rock and Roll Half.   So no reservations and the wait was not that bad although it was fairly packed.   As a party of five we got drinks in the lounge while waiting for our table.  I had a cake martini and it was delicious.  Loved the sprinkles around the rim.  Once seated for dinner the waiter suggested the Gold Standard as it was fairly popular and it didn't disappoint.  One of the best burgers I've ever had, actually.  I split this with my boyfriend along with an order of sweet potato fries and onion rings.  Everything was good and service was friendly.  It is the Strip so the menu is priced accordingly.
3	I heard good things about Holsteins and was really looking forward to trying it but I honestly didn't think it was that great. My personal opinion is that Burger Bar in Mandalay Bay is better..I had the classic burger with gruyere cheese. Meat was okay (not great) but the real culprit was the bun. Way too thick (both in size and texture). Maybe it's because I didn't get a million toppings on my burger that there was too much bread but I'm generally pretty simple with my burger order.Fries were pretty good (ordered the shoestring).Highlight of the meal was the milkshake. Ordered the Drunken Monkey (sans alcohol) and it was really delicious. We were wavering on whether to do this but I think this is a must order if you are here.
4	Yum!We ventured here last week for a late dinner before hitting the clubs and bars.  We didn't have reservations and were able to wait a couple of minutes at the bar and get two seats together.  The bartender was awesome...right on top of us anytime we needed anything and was great with her suggestions.I ordered the turkey burger sliders (or something like that)....YUM.  I am not a fan of turkey burgers, but I didn't want to have red meat in my stomach all weekend...so I gave these a shot.  So glad I did.  I was craving them the next day for lunch!We will definitely return to Holsteins on our next visit to Vegas and I would definitely recommend this place to anyone in the area.
3	Took some friends here while hey were visiting from out of town. Burger was good but nowhere near great. I had the gold standard... The beer selection was decent with the exception that the server had to come back on 3 separate beer orders to tell me they were out of each of the 3 different beers. Now, you would think that when he discovered they were out of one beer, he would have checked to see which others might not be available. Nope.If you are looking for an evening of great beers with great food, I highly suggest you check out Public House. Sure, the price is slightly higher, but the experience more than makes up for it.
2	SPOILER ALERTThis.Place.Sucks.--Ok well they only kind of suck because I did enjoy my milkshake and the awesome steak fries, but everything else was a HUGE disappointment especially my burger.  I guess my beef with Holsteins (pun intended) was that my burger came out almost well done when I ordered it medium rare.  Yeah I should have sent it back but I was STARVING and didn't want to get an extra topping in my burger if you know what I mean.  So I scarfed it down and here I am now on Yelp LOL!  And it doesn't stop there. I also had the absolute WORST lobster roll of my life here.  In fact, I wouldn't even consider it a lobster roll, more like a little bit of lobster inside a huge untoasted unbuttered cold stale roll with bbq marks as if it was on the grill trying to pass itself off as a lobster roll, so do me a favor y'all actually do yourself a favor and DO NOT ORDER this unless of course you want a little more disappointment in your life, because if that's what you need then by all means have at it...Yeah it looks nice and they have cool art an shit to confuse your taste buds, but the truth of the matter is I would never ever recommend this place to anyone, even someone I didn't like.  You're better off gambling your money away or spending it on booze or strippers or giant guitar shaped margaritas or ziplining on Fremont Street.  Hell for the price I paid here I think I could have gotten a day pass for ziplining, which I promise you would have been a whole helluva lot more enjoyable than anything here (except for the milkshakes).
4	This is probably one of the very few places I'd recommend on the strip. It has really good burgers shakes and fries. The Golden Standard Burger was really good I've also tried the Rising sun it's good as well just not my type of hamburger.  Slightly pricey but you're paying to eat on the strip and this place has better standards when it comes to quality. It's def a happening spot as well When family and friends come into town this is probably where i'll be taking them on the strip.
3	Went here last weekend, excited to get our Bull-gogi burger fix. Sadly, to our dismay, it is no longer on the menu!!! WHAT?!?! How is this possible?! It was so freaking delicious, with a fried egg, tender burger, and flavorful kimchi. And now it's GONE, just like that! =(When we first came, it was even our server who made the recommendation for us to order this burger. Please, we beg of you, to bring it back! It is the sole reason we kept coming back in the first place! Ah we miss it too much!Instead, I had to find something else on the menu, which was really difficult seeing that the decision to come here for dinner was only because I wanted to get the Bull-gogi again. I ended up getting the El Machete burger, which I don't recall being on the menu before (I believe the Bull-gogi was swapped out for this new burger). It was decent and the flavors melded well, but still wasn't mind-blowing enough for me to want to come back =(. Pooooo!!
4	This is the place for delicious burgers, sweet potato fries and alcoholic shakes.  My burger was so perfectly cooked and tasty.  The sweet potato fries and shakes were delicious and prepared just right.  I will warn you though the quantities are large so come hungry or else you will be able to finish your meal.
4	Had the Gold Standard with Skinny Fries... all were pretty good, Place is a little tight for a person in a wheelchair but managed through the lounge area. Would definitely go back again.
3	Free popcorn, awesome, our big ass party got divided into two tables, oh well, while looking around, they have some toon like art on the walls. I got the Fun-ghi burger, which had portebello mushrooms that tasted great, truffle oil, some gruyere, frisee, carmelized onion and an aioli that was sweet. The burger was overwhelming to me, it got tiring and I ended up just eating the mushrooms, the meat was cooked perfectly at medium rare but I feel the lack of truffle oil in my patty made it seem bland, I feel like they needed to pump that shit with it. I don't think the frisee works well, i prefer lettace. Comes with wedges or shoestring fries.Service was cool
5	Burgers are to die for here!!!  Gold Standard with Skinny Fries and the Turkey Burger are a must if you come here.  Service was ok.  Our server was a little weird...lol
4	foie gras and truffle oil on a kobe beef burger patty cooked medium... ummm DELISH.  $28 for this biliionnaire burger was totally worth it. whole fried pickles with aioli... genius! it was amazing.complimentary salt and vinegar popcorn... so yum.The reason why i give this place 4 stars instead of 5 is because we waited FOREVER for our waiter to come by to take our order. in fact, we started building a three foot fort on our table with the menus and silverware to get someone's attention. it worked.
4	Been hearing all about Holsteins and the all natural, hormone free premium beef they use for their burgers so you know I just had to see what this higher end burger joint was all about.My burger was Kobe Beef glazed in Teriyaki sauce and topped with Furikake, and crispy yam that were shaved into long thin ribbons..I did take a picture but the photo turned out too dark. The burger was real lean, no dripping grease, but lacking in the seasonings for my taste.  I did like it but just the burger by itself was a just a bit bland for me. Mr.B  approved the Longhorn burger.  It was their beef burger with beef brisket.  Also a winner was the Crispy Pork Belly Buns in the Little Buns (aka sliders) section.  The buns were pressed Chinese buns. The pork belly skin was crisp and the meat was tender.  I was very pleased with the hoisin sauce that topped it. Mildly sweet and a good complement for the pork belly. Servings were big..and so were the prices, but well worth the expense. Ambiance wise, casual although the front lobby area is really LOUD.  I couldn't hear even myself talk! Nor anyone else for that matter. I don't know how their hostesses handle repeating themselves all day long.  Our servers were did great for being super busy that evening. The quoted wait time to be seated was 15 minutes, but we didn't wait that long at all. They have some fun booze shake flavors but I wasn't in the mood for it since I already had my fill of sweets earlier in the day. Most definitely will come back and make it a point to try them since this place is a keeper for our lunch dates.
5	Lunch was awesome.  Onion rings are tremendous and the burgers are second to none.  Decent beer selection.  I felt like I was hit with a moose tranquilizer when we departed.  Highly recommend.
4	Best burger I ever ate...... Not even, but it is worth a visit.  I went with the "Billionaire Burger" .  Kobe beef patty with Foie Grais.....$28.00 with fries.  After the California ban on Foie Grais I'm desperate anytime its on the menu I go hard!  Decent slice couldn't focus on the FG and that's a bummer!  Kobe is illegal in the US so their blowing smoke when it's on the menu!  Need to clarify its "Kobe Style " not real Kobe!Anywho.... Burger was very good not in the class of the "Black Label" burger at the Minetta Tavern but flavorful nonetheless.  Overall skip it and go with the classic unless your a FG freak!
4	Super close to a 5 for me, but just a few things knocked it down to a 4.5.Food: Definitely had a great time eating some CRAZY good food :]- Popcorn: Omg our group devoured these. Salt and Vinegar Popcorn was amazing. Thank God the first tin was free.- BamBOOZEled Shakes: Shakes with Booze in them :]. I don't remember the names of them, but I really enjoyed the one with the Cereal in it. Sweet, Creamy, and still had the alcohol taste to it.- BURGERS, OMG SUPER GOOD. My friends NOMed on the El Machete (they suggest you add an Egg in it too!). It has a good kick to it. I had the Rising Sun, and the Avocado Tempura was the part that simply made it spectacular. Shredded Fried Yam and Teriyaki Sauce were a great touch to make it look super lovely.- Fries: NOOOOO This was a major downfall. Were pretty bland and tasteless. Wish they had more seasoning or something to it!Service: Our table liked our waitress. One guy at our table was pretty much "Well she's for sure getting a 20% tip at least". She was super friendly, threw in some cool jokes, got us some more free popcorn, helped us take a picture, and all with a genuine smile. Definitely the made the night a whole lot better. She was a bit busy, but she came by exactly when we needed it.Atmosphere: This place has a strange, but great mix of cuteness and casualness. The cartoonish artwork creates a light and whimsical setting, but the lighting and decor definitely bump this place towards a lounge sort of feel. Our group enjoyed it and it fit perfectly into the Vegas atmosphere.Price: I'm not complaining to be honest, since I feel like I got what I paid for. Though numerically I spent around $30-$40 (For a shake, and burger) it seemed well worth it to me.Overall Opinion: There were a few things that just dropped this place from a 5. Lack of solid fries, a tinnnnnny bit pricey on the shakes, and just that ounce of "THIS THING IS SOMETHING EVERYONE SHOULD TRY" was missing.However despite that, this place clearly has a great variety on their menu, solid use of organic and high grade ingredients, and a unique atmosphere for the hip and casual crowds. I'm excited to come back here to try another Shake and Burger!
4	On my most recent Vegas getaway of sorts, I ate the whole time.  This conclusion didn't arise until a particularly high volume of repeated similar questions.  That strong indicator surmised each time a "How was Vegas?" came up.   One of my favorite landing spots was Holsteins.  Who doesn't like a good burger?  A vegetarian may raise their hand.  Even then, these burgers may sway the opinion of the strongest vegetarian for one meal.  We moseyed on in around 2:30 in the afternoon for a late lunch.  Opening up the menu, besides the fascinating selection of shakes were the prices.  Expect price ranges to reach double digits.  I was really tuned into the Rising Sun so I got that.  Our waiter persuaded Bun into ordering their award winning burger.  I'm sure the fact the waiter was good looking had nothing to do with her decision either.  I just want to throw that out there for giggles.  Generally, I dislike teriyaki sauce.  The Rising Sun I ordered really shed a new light on my view of it.  Glazed with a teriyaki sauce, it meshed amazingly with the spicy mayo.  "Kobe beef", honestly labeled or not, was cooked medium on request.  Biting down to notice a dash of furikake was probably the biggest glowing surprise.  Lastly, the best part of the burger was certainly the tempura avocado.  Not only adding a different layer of texture, it added a good combined taste.  Come on.  Who doesn't like tempura?  Add all that up produces an ultra surreal burger experience.  As a side note since note, Bun's Gold Standard was a big thumbs up.  In her case, you could say little thumbs up.  Speechless through the first few bites, she almost finished the burger.  I'll have to try it next time.  Knowing me, I'd end up getting the Rising Sun again since it was so good. Bright graphics on the wall are very energetic and lively.  Service was cordial.  It conveyed a vibe of a high class Hooter's.  That is with 10,000% better food, minus the Hooter's girls of course.  Now, you may be wondering.  Where can you find this joint?  It's right in the Cosmopolitan.  Find it yet?  Enjoy their solidly made burger and thank me when your're done.
4	I hate burgers....but I love Holsteins. This may be the only burger joint I will ever enjoy. As a designer, I could not get enough of their lollipop art on the walls and their cow pop art partitions. Baby face cows can be very amusing. Their selection of food is comprehensive, and all our stuff was delish. We had a Machete with chicken, and Tuna sliders wrapped in lettuce. The chicken meat was tasty and cooked to perfection, with nice smoked mayo on the side. My Ahi tuna sliders were perfect little rectangles of tuna evenly cooked on the outside and perfectly raw on the inside. Spicy mayo went well. Refreshing breakfast.I just wish I tried the alcoholic shakes(I normally hate shakes), because they l and looked amazing with all the chocolate and oreos and liqueurs....welll, till next time!Oh, they could offer more selections of meat items- mostly beef oriented. Imagine a minced pork burger- super awesome!
5	Awesome veggie burger! Cant think of a veggie burger I enjoyed more.  Everything we ordered was delicious.
5	Initially, I was drawn in by hunger but it must have been all the colorful decor of cute cartooned cows that grasped my attention.  My fiance and I sat at the bar/lounge area because we wanted quick service so please note I'm only reviewing my experience at the lounge area.  They still offer the dinner menu.  Food and Drinks: Ahi Sliders Steak Fries - comes in pail Miller Lite Beer - poured from canSpicy Bloody Mary Bloody Orange Cosmo The Ahi Sliders comes in 3 and were presented just like any regular red meat sliders.  I thought it was fun to have Ahi Tuna in slider form.  The buns were sweet and easy to bite into (kind of reminded me of King's Hawaiian Bread) and inside the buns, there were Asian-styled pickled veggies (carrots, cucumbers, etc).  It also came with chilli mayo sauce if you like your food on the heavier side.  I did not find the sauce a bit spicy.  5 stars for just the steak fries!  I mean, how were each single fry perfectly seasoned, warm, and crispy?  I hope it wasn't just luck that we got the most perfect tasty fries.I started off with a Spicy Bloody Mary (peppered and cilantro infused).  It really was spicy and I do have an insane tolerance for spiciness compared to others.  As for the bloody mary part, it was okay.  The Bloody Orange Cosmo was a great way to cleanse my palate.  It tasted fresh just as it appeared.  I felt that they were generous with the amount of alcohol that came in both cocktails.  Service:I lose track of the date and time in Vegas but it must have not been during prime dinner time because we immediately sat ourselves but towards the end of our meal/drinks, I noticed it does get really crowded.  Really friendly and prompt staff!  Our server would give us her personal input on our selection and because I liked everything I got, her comments felt genuine.  Other notes: We sat in individual lounge seats - comfortable and roomy.  You can also view the game playing at Cosmo's Sports Book directly across if you get the exterior seats.  When we were ready to leave, I asked if we can take our drinks across in order for my fiance to finish his sports bet games ... our server was kind enough to pour them into plasticware.  Later during my stay at Cosmo, I learned that you can easily access this side of the casino right off the 2nd floor of the guest elevators.  If I stay at the hotel again, I would definitely given Holstein's a second try!  I will try one of their burgers and other cocktail selections.
5	After the less than underwhelming lunch we had the day before at Bobby Flays Mesa Grill, I was reluctant to do burgers again but I'm so very glad I did. Holsteins does right everything that Bobby Flay's does wrong. The service was attentive, upbeat, got our order correct and the food was SPOT ON!I enjoyed the Candy Cane boozy shake which was very yummy and almost a meal in itself...but the winner was the burger. I had the Gold Standard burger and it definitely lived up to its name. Perfectly cooked to medium; bacon had a good bite to it, not too much lettuce and tomato so that it complimented instead of overwhelmed the burger. The aioli was super yum too. The seasoning on the burger enhanced the meat but the star was the meat itself. The burger was tender, juicy, and was as it should be if you were making it on your own grill at home. I had the shoestring fries which were clearly hand cut and cooked to order. They were crunchy on the outside but fluffy on the inside.My husband had the Nom-Nom burger. He initially took the chips off the burger but put them back on when he saw how much they complimented his burger and added the perfect crunch. He orders his burgers well done and the waitress didn't even flinch as some often do. It was done perfectly...and still had that juiciness that a good burger should have without the redness.We will absolutely be back to try more yummy goodness at Holsteins. Thank you for renewing my confidence that there CAN be upscale burgers that are truly done right.
5	Five Stars.  They rocked it like a good burger should be done.  Minor annoyance: do not settle for the table in the dining room that is closes to the bar side entrance.  WAY too much foot traffic coming by all the time...felt like maybe 1000 people walked behind my during our quick dinner.Burger taste:  off the hook.  The Nom-Nom burger was amazing.  Well worth a repeat visit!!
4	Will keep going back over and over again...third time and never let's down...!! Great job Holstein's ! Just jump all over the menu and it's an experience renewed !!
4	I really enjoyed my meal at Holstein's when we visited Las Vegas last week.  It is one of those places that executes both substance and style very well.  I loved the theme and all of the art and design elements here.  I also really liked the food too.  It was just a good all around dining experience.My order consisted of the Nom Nom Burger (Kobe Beef, Cheddar Cheese, Potato Chips, 1000 Island Dressing) and sweet potato fries.  Both were good, and I was very happy with what I chose to order.  The only thing that was not good was the complementary can of popcorn that was brought to our table while waiting for our food.  It had an excessive amount of sauce on it that tasted like butter mixed with vinegar.  Otherwise, I was very satisfied. There are lots of choices of places to eat when on the strip in Las Vegas, but I was glad that we came across Holstein's.  I was pleasantly surprised with my lunch, and I would love to eat here again the next time I am in Las Vegas.
5	The food was pretty amazing we went back 2 more times. The Fungi was AMAZING, same with the Rising sun I can't decide which ones better.  The Ahi poke was PHENOMENAL.  YummmmmDon't sit at the bar the bar tenders are SO CRANKYMAC AND CHEESE WAS SO DELICIOUS
4	Wait a minute... They have alcoholic milkshakes? I can't believe I missed out on that.I had already been drinking and was coming in for a couple of brews. The service at the bar was great. The beers on tap were fresh and refreshing. Other than beers, we only ordered the fries and they were damn good. I would definitely come back here if I ever got stuck at the Cosmo again.
3	O-V-E-R-R-A-T-E-D. I don't really understand how this place is supposed to have the best burgers in all of Vegas. Vegas must really lack good burgers.The ambiance is kind of weird - resembling a lounge/club in the front bar area and almost like an Applebee's in the back dining room. Well, an Applebee's with Japanese style cartoon cows on the walls. Burgers here are really just mediocre at best. My veggie burger was mushy and didn't taste of the "12 veggies" the server proclaimed went into the patty at all! I have had a handful of great veggie burgers elsewhere, sometimes at a fraction of the price. Their veggie patty really tasted no different from a Garden burger (you know, the frozen kind). Okay, I'm sure you're laughing now about how I'm whining about the quality of a burger joint when I had the nerve to order a freaking veggie burger. Well, the oh-so popular "rising sun" burger the bf ordered wasn't too impressive either. Not only was the patty cooked to an almost well done when he specifically asked for medium rare, but the plethora of sweet Japanese BBQ sauce and various toppings totally overwhelmed the meat and was excessively salty, even for him! The one thing I did really enjoy was the sweet potato fries I ordered with my veggie burger, but I have rarely met a sweet potato fry that I didn't like.The concept of Holstein's is pretty cool I guess, definitely fun and laid-back. However, they need to deliver on the execution. I would much rather save my calories for another restaurant, or just a few beers.
3	The Holstein sliders were good.  This place is popular and can often takes a wait to get in.  But I love the cute cow decor!
1	Loved that I came here for a shake and the server said they weren't serving anymore and then a buss boy walks by with two shakes!!!! Wtf not cool..
5	My review will strictly be on what I ordered:Bilionaire Burger - HOLY S***.  Talk about TOTAL MOUTH RICHNESS TO THE MAXXX.  Here's the thing.. I love foie gras to begin with so there was no hesitation at all to get this burger.  And being from Cali, I had to get it since it's banned here.  Anyway, they were very generous with the foie gras portion.  It was fatty, melt in your mouth goodness.  The "kobe" beef patty was fatty and meaty at the same time.  Huge on true BEEF flavor.  I quote "kobe" because we should all know by there that REAL kobe beef cannot be sold outside of Japan.  ANYWAY, the truffle mayo was the perfect schmear to compliment all the components in the burger.  The port marmalade onions helped to cut the richness and fattiness of the burger because it had a very distinct vinegar taste.  The brioche bun was toasty, crispy but soft, and buttery as brioche should be.  It holds up well to the rest of the burger.  The frisee was well, frisee and also helped to balanced out the richness of this burger.I did split this with my girlfriend because I knew beforehand that this burger would more than likely be close to overwhelming on the palette.  Each bite was so rich I felt as if I died each time.Frozen Grasshopper Shake - YUM!!!! I love chocolate mint to begin with, but when you add chocolate vodka to it, it just makes the shake 100x better.  OVERALL:  Enjoyed this place very much.  I would definitely consider coming back here to try what else they have to offer.Like I always say, YOU WON'T KNOW UNLESS YOU TRY IT FOR YOURSELF!
4	Love this place!  Everything that we had on our last visit was excellent:-Ahi sliders: fantastic!-Ahi poke: excellent fish and create flavor-Fun-ghi Burger:  nice portabello, meat cooked the way I like, just too big!-Tiramisu Baboozled Share:  very sweet, but very goodThe service was very attentive--not too much, not too little.  He was friendly and willing to share opinions and views on anything offered.   My only complaint about the whole meal was that I ordered a nice Orval beer to go with the burger and it was served cold as if it was  Bud Light or something.  Orval should never be served that cold!   After cupping my hands around the glass for a while it warmed up to a better temperature and the flavor came out as it should.We'll be back!
5	Walking in you notice the fun atmosphere right away.  Nice Graffiti style art with little pigs dressed as cows.  I went with the Fungi burger, which was very good, and thick and juicy.  shared a 750ml Abbey style with my buddy...The fries that come with the burgers are average, both the shoe strings, and wedge, but the combo of portobello and kobe beef was brilliant.  There was suppose to be truffles, but it was very faint and could have used a bit more.  But overall the food was good, the place was fun, and the shakes are spiked, so yea...it's once again a no brain-er.  I look forward to my next visit.
4	im a sucker for anything that comes with a fried egg on top of it.  if you are too, try the Hen House Burger which is basically a bacon cheeseburger with...you guessed it, a fried egg! so good! each burger come with a choice of either matchstick fries or steak fries.now, for what i really took away from this meal.please please please order the Drunken Monkey Milkshake.  it is a Reeses, banana, malt and it is extraordinary.  it comes with liquor in it, hence the name of the shake itself but i got the virgin version and im sure its equally as good.  i guess mine was more like the Sober Monkey Milkshakeanyways, get it!
2	Best burgers in Vegas?  I don't think so.  I ordred the Gold Standard which is the one they supposedly won awards for.  I was not impressed.  The Aged Goat Cheddar overpowered the whole burger.  I had to scrape it off to be able to actually taste the beef.  Even at that point I was not impressed.  I ordered the burger cooked medium, and it was cooked perfectly, however, it just tasted bland.  I had to add ketchup.  It is not worth $17.50!  I've had $3 burgers that tasted way better than this!   Very disappointed!
4	This update/review is based on dining room seating and only ordering milkshakes.My friend and I decided we needed something sweet after our lunch at Social House. I have never had any of the "Bamboozled" shakes at Holsteins, but considering I was right there at Cosmo and I wanted a milkshake...I had the Drunken Munkey. A favorite of my friend and well - it was delicious. I would go back for this shake, over and over again. It was perfect.Our server was nice too, even though we were just ordering shakes she didn't seem to mind. We did have a hiccup at the hostess stand while attempting to sit in the lounge and being rebuffed, but I can let that slide since the milkshake was so good.When I come back next time it will be for some food and a milkshake.
4	My first night at the Cosmo I went looking for a good dinner place... I wanted one that was comfortable and not too stuffy, what can I say I wanted to stay in my jeans and flip-flops all night.  I walked past Holsteins thinking that it would be like a TGI Friday's or something.  The appearance of the place was relaxed and that's just the type of food and menu I expected.  Boy was I wrong, this place is gourmet burger mecca with a very beer and wine menu to choose from.Our group was seated quickly and we decided to order drinks.  Good new Cider beer fans, you have 3 options to chose from hear and I can now confirm that they are all delicious.  The raspberry cider was the best I think!  They have an extensive beer and wine list as well, so whatever your heart desires is available.Appetizers were both good, we had Redneck Poppers and the wings.  Poppers were very unique and good, I would order those again for sure.  The wings were very spicy so if you like the feeling of your lips burning, then this is the place for you.For dinner I had the Longhorn Burger, that's bbq pulled pork on a beef patty.  It was very messy to devour but was good eats for sure!  I didn't get any cole slaw on my burger because I don't like it but usually this burger comes with it.  I also ordered steak fries, they were plain old steak fries but are always a favorite of mine.I didn't have a shake or dessert on this visit but I did see several pass by our table and they all looked amazing!Next time you're in the Cosmo and looking for a high-end burger in a casual atmosphere, this is the place for you.
3	Holsteins really wasn't as good as I was hoping for......this could have been for a number of reasons. Should I not have ordered a turkey burger? Probably not because it was meh. Every other table was provided popcorn as an appetizer....after waiting for like 20 minutes I asked our waiter if we could get some. Why do I have to ask? Just bring me my damn popcorn I'm starving! The buffalo chicken dip was really good (or was it good bc I was starving??) and my husband said his burger was pretty decent. the atmosphere was cool and it was in my hotel which is why it gets 3 stars. I might come here again....if I come back to Vegas and stay at the Cosmo I probably will (just out of convenience sake) but I def wouldnt seek this place out.
2	Shakes were amazing, but the quesadilla was really gross.
5	Ok no joke, this probably the best burger spot on the strip.Located inside the Cosmo, Holstein serves some some burgers unlike anywhere else. To start off, the place looks awesome, I sure they spent alot of money here (as they did on everything in the Cosmo) and it shows. There is plenty of street art, anime style graphics, along that old-world leather feel in the dining area. Its definitely falls into the stylish chic category. Plus that giant cow by the entrance looks cool! Now for the food, its awesome. Everyone tries out the Gold Standard and for good reason - cheddar, arugula, garlic chive aoili all make for a awesome burger. My personal fave:  is the Rising Sun - juicy, perfectly cooked kobe beef burger with crispy yam, teriyaki glaze and spicy mayo, and tempura avocado!.The shakes are delicious (they do have alcohol in em) with the best one being Drunken Monkey. All of the bamboozled shakes have alcohol but you can get virgin as well. Try one out, they are delicious!But be warned ahead of time, its not cheap, nor quiet. For a burger, fries and shake you are easily going come out spending $30+. Come in on a monday or weekend and the place be packed and loud from everyone trying to get inside of Marquee.
2	disappointing. i really wanted to like this place, based on the interior esp the wall decor. unfortunately, it stops there. **the hostesses are dumb as bricks. is that bc they are college drop-outs? learn to smile and respond quickly. geez. when i asked if they had any shirts for sale, it was like i asked them to solve long division. total air-heads. each table gets a little bucket of movie theatre popcorn to munch on while you wait. i ordered The Gold Standard: bacon, aged goat cheddar cheese, tomato confit, arugula and garlic chive aioli. all i tasted was bread and meat. maybe when i got to the center of the burger, did i taste some of that confit. but really, the flavors are bland. my bf got The Billionaire Burger: kobe beef, foie gras, port onion marmalade, frisee and truffle mayo. the waitress asked if he wanted to add lobster ($10 add-on). sure, why not. WTF. who serves crumbled lobster meat?? it couldve been crumbs from leftover knuckle meat or even crawfish, how the hell would we know??! im not asking for an entire tail, but at least give us some chunks of lobster. it was minced. terrible. you could even taste it. the beef patty is a probably about a 1/3lb. i like fuddruckers patties and even their buns, better. my sweet potato fries were limp. we'll be going back to burger bar in mandalay bay. or in-and-out.
3	Overall, a solid choice. It is definitely a busy, hip restaurant, and exactly what you'd expect from the Cosmo. Loud music, cute staff, fun artwork, big, diverse menu, but slightly overpriced.We came for lunch on a Saturday. There was about a 25 min wait, but given that it is a popular place, we expected that. We each ended up getting cocktails (not the milkshakes). My friend loved her Bloody Mary, and I thought that the XXX was fine, nothing to rave over. Drinks ranged from $10-$13. We split the lobster mac & cheese (I believe it was $16). It was a pretty small portion, and I found it to be underseasoned. You could see the lobster in there, so that was a good thing. I had the Chicken Carbonnera sandwich, while she had the Gold Standard burger. We were both pleased. My chicken was juicy, I loved the bun and the egg on top, as well as the bacon.  We both liked the steak fries (you have a choice of shoestring or steak cut) as well. Portions were about average- not tiny, but you won't leave feeling like you're bursting out of your pants, either.Service was fine, nothing to complain about, but nothing to rave about either.Prices..well, for what you get, they may be a bit overpriced, but knowing that it is on the Strip, in the Cosmo...
5	After passing by the restaurant in the Cosmopolitan hotel on many trips I finally decided to eat there. I couldn't have been more pleased with my experience. The don't take reservations on weekends but we arrived at 8pm with a group of 5 and were seated immediately. The atmosphere and decor was fun, the restaurant was clean, and the waitress was very friendly. I ordered the Carbonara Chicken burger with Grilled Chicken Breast, Bacon, Mushrooms, Sweet Pea Aioli, Fried Egg, and Provolone Cheese. This was the juiciest and most flavorful chicken burger that I have ever eaten. They have countless beer choices and my friend ordered the Drunken Monkey shake and it was also delicious. I highly recommend this restaurant!
5	Dayum.  I know burgers.  This place is legit.
3	Cure that hangover.The burgers are perfectly sized, if you share them.  They have a decent numbers of brews and the "adult" shakes sound pretty tasty.  For some reason, the place is always busy.
3	I came here with some friends, the menu and Yelp reviews looked promising. 4-Square has a pretty nice free draft beer check-in. They served a really light beer, I really enjoyed it, it was refreshing, luckily I had this to wash down my burger.I ordered the Gold Standard. I like how the burger was well-intact when I cut it and half and ate it. Cleaniness makes a world of difference. I ordered the burger medium, and it looked pink and medium (while my friend also ordered medium, but her's looked more well done), but it was extremely dry. It was too dry to taste the quality of the patty. Perhaps, it was because the patty was aged, so the flavors were more definitive, but I wonder that's why it made the patty way too dry. Don't get me wrong, the flavors of the burger were bold and tasted pretty good. It came well together, and the goat cheese cheddar stood out in a good way. Pretty delicious burger, except for the fact the patty was really dry and it's overpriced.The fries were cold and also tasted old.I did however try my friend's Rising Sun burger, that tasted good. The flavors were once again bold, and it had a pretty unique taste that stands out. I liked that one more.Comparing this burger with like a Father's Office or Umami (I do not like Umami), it tastes about the same (although I like Father's Office the best), quality and unique taste-wise, they're all about equilavent, except those other burgers costs $13-14, while here it costs $17. Not sure if it's worth it. At least it made me not feel as bad paying $13-14 for the burgers at the other places now.Overall, I'd give this place 3.5 stars, rounded down.
4	Definitely liked this place. That said, it's a bit overpriced. But it's worth it, I guess.My partner and I split the fried pickles, which I like to do everywhere we go, since they're my favorite. These ones were acceptable (I've had much better). We both ordered a "grown-up" shake, which were AMAZING (albeit expensive). Wrapped up with a couple of burgers, which were the best I've had in a while.Service was great. If I'm in Vegas again soon, I'll be back.
5	Holsteins has the best burgers in Vegas.  They are fun, different and very flavorful.  The oreo shake was so creamy and good, I am usually not a fan of oreo, but my husband got it and I ended up drinking most of it, because I liked it so much that I didn't let him have it back.  I got the Gold Standard burger which was really good.  I had done a lot of research on the best burgers to eat in Vegas and settled on Holsteins, it was an excellent choice and I will eat there every time I visit Vegas.  They also do deals on Groupon, which is nice.
5	Chose to eat here with my family while in Vegas a few weeks ago and I cannot believe I haven't reviewed it yet! I can describe my experience with one word...AMAZING! I ordered the Machete Burger with the shoestring fries and everything was perfect. The complimentary flavored popcorn is also an awesome touch! I am just really disappointed that there isn't a Holsteins around the corner from where I live! Best burgers on the strip!!! FOR REAL!!!!!
4	Burger heaven.If this place were 25% or more cheaper, it would receive the coveted 5 star review from me. Let me explain:Gourmet burger. "Kobe beef" (since there isn't actually such a thing as kobe beef in the US), teriyaki glaze, furikake, crispy yam, tempura fried avocado whaaaaaaaaaat? Yep. Tempura fried avocado. First time i've ever had it. Definitely not the last time i'll ever want it. Add in a fried egg and you're golden like the rising sun.Ok, bad jokes aside, this place is definitely a legit burger spot and well worth trying out. It's about $20 bucks for a burger, so be weary about that!
4	This place has been on my bucket for a while, going back to when I lived in Vegas.  When we had the opportunity to eat her on a recent visit, I couldn't say no.  After browsing the menu, I decided to go with the The Longhorn (Burger, Beef Brisket, Whiskey BBQ Sauce, Cole Slaw, Pickle), $16.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/holsteins-shakes-and-buns-las-vegas?select=l0ExJUbDA_O0mX8qkPR_2Q#l0ExJUbDA_O0mX8qkPR_2Qhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/holsteins-shakes-and-buns-las-vegas?select=GccYBoYbiRiDZTNsbEyRtg#GccYBoYbiRiDZTNsbEyRtgI took one bite of the Burger and fell in love with it.  The combination of Beef Brisket with the Burger was awesome.  The BBQ Sauce gave it a tangy flavor while the Slaw softened it up with a sweet, creamy flavor.....yum!One thing though about this restaurant....the floor is really slippery.  Wifey almost fell walking in heels because it was so slippery.  While we were dining, we saw a few more people slip as well.  The floor wasn't wet or anything like that, I think it just gets slippery when it's clean....probably over-polished.Despite that danger, we'll be back.Return Factor - 95%
4	This place is by far one of the best places to get a good quality burger in Vegas. The Machete burger is my favorite. This is a trendy little spot at the Cosmo, so you're also paying for the ambiance, not just the meal.Overall, if you're looking for a fun setting with tasty food and not afraid to spend a few dollars more, I highly recommend it!
5	My boyfriend and I visited during lunchtime on a thursday and it was very busy. I had the grasshopper milkshake and it was delicious. I would definitely reccomend trying one. They are pretty big and filling so you may want to share. I ordered the greek burger and my boyfriend ordered the sunrise something or other. The greek burger had your typical greek burger ingredients on it and it was delicious. The lamb meat was exceptionally good. The sunrise burger was amazing. I would reccomend trying that one. The burgers are a perfect size for one person. Especially when you are vacationing, leftovers are not very convenient. The wait staff was very friendly and gave some great reccomendations. overall, you should definitley stop here if you visit the strip.
5	What a great salmon salad they have on menu. It is that good!!!
4	What's not to like about great burgers and even better shakes (especially when you can get them with alcohol in them). Holsteins is located in the Cosmopolitan Hotel and just like the hotel has quite the vibe to it. There is open seating in the bar area but if you get there early enough you can get a seat in the dining area. Typically when I have friends in town, we seem to end up at Holsteins (either because they want to try it or they are staying at the Cosmopolitan Hotel). Either way, it's a great way to enjoy some pretty good burgers (but be prepared to spend a bit of money as the prices are definitely not that inexpensive).There is definitely a large selection of alcoholic beverages that you can choose from, but I definitely recommend the adult shakes that they have. Between my friends and I we tried the Drunken Monkey, Oreo, and Cereal Bowl (tastes just like Captain Crunch). For burgers, we've tried quite a few of the different burgers - The Classic, The Longhorn (with beef brisket as well), The Rising Sun (asian flavors with teriyaki sauce), The Fun-Ghi (with assorted mushrooms), the El Machete (with an anaheim chili - sounds spicy, but it really is not, it's good, but it could use some more spice), and of course, the Billionaire Burger (kobe beef patty with foie gras). The Billionaire burger is what a lot of people like to try (especially those from California that can't get their foie gras anymore. You can also add a fried egg to your burger (which I recommend) - just to make it even more tasty with another layer of flavor.The burgers also come with either shoestring or steak cut fries. I have ordered a side salad (to try and be a little healthier - although not by much since we were indulging in a burger), and was disappointed that they charged $2 extra dollars for the substitution of a side salad over the fries (and it wasn't even a large salad). I guess next time I'll just indulge in the fries.Overall, a great place to hang out with your friends, get some good burgers and have a lot of drinks. I'd definitely recommend enjoying the Billionaire Burger at least once.
2	I went Tues Jan 29th around 7:30pm.  Burger was pre-made and then warmed up before served. What? Not for a $17 burger. I sat at the bar and the bartender said three words to me. Never asked if I was enjoying my meal or needed another beer.  Piss poor service. I dont mind paying that much for a burger but there are So many other good places to choose from...like McDonalds for a fraction of the price.Yes, I would categorize this place w Mickey D's.
5	One of my favorite restaurants in Vegas. The casual vibe is great, the vast selection of tap beer is winning, and the burgers are a force not to be reckoned with! I've even ordered the Ali Tuna sliders and was super impressed. My bf got the Gold Standard and loved it!Every time we come to Vegas, even if we're not staying at the Cosmo (which isn't often) we make sure to come here. The thing that's not so cool about this place is when sport games are on because they charge a $35 per person minimum to sit in the lounge chairs! Kinda crazy.
4	Great service from Amanda. Great atmosphere. Great food. Only thing that would have made it better? Lower prices. Hurts the wallet when lunch costs $30!
2	This place did not live up to expectations.  We browsed yelp reviews and looked through the menu prior to getting here, and were really excited to try the selection, but most of us left disappointed.  Luckily, I think I got the best burger of the bunch (The Rising Sun Burger!).The Rising Sun Burger is an Asian-inspired burger so I loved the sweet, salty flavors.  The fried avocado and addition of tempura added a wonderful element to it.  I also added an additional egg on mine.  However, I think the key to a GREAT burger is the meat patty, and this is where Holsteins fell short with ALL our burgers.  Mine "supposedly" had a kobe beef patty, but I would've never known the difference because in-n-out serves a better patty.  They asked us how we wanted our patties cooked, and all of us went with medium-rare, but they were all overcooked.  Our patties tasted dry and flavorless.Our group shared two appetizers - the Lobster Mac 'n Cheese and the Wings.  Both were mediocre.  The mac 'n cheese was runny, there was barely any lobster in it, and the portion was tiny.  Not worth the high price tag.  The wings were your standard wings - I think Wingstop wings are just as good.Although I didn't order one, my friends said the alcoholic shakes didn't even taste like there were any alcohol in them.  They might as well have ordered regular non-alcoholic shakes elsewhere for a fraction of the cost.Cool concept, but execution fell short.
3	The place was chill and clean, the service was excellent, but the taste of food wasn't as expected.  I had the Gold Standard and told them to add avocado slices in it, but it was just an average burger.  The patty tasted dry, even though I got medium-rare, and it wasn't making me come back for more (taste wise).  The onion rings were excellent, and so were the hostesses and other workers.
3	8.5 draft beer, Cuban street tacos, nom nom burger (Kobe beef) ,   Shoestring fries, billionaire burger ( Kobe beef& foie gras).What a busy place..... We went here for mid day snack before dinner at 8.   My husband loved his burger The Billionaire burger consists of Foie Gras.  He's been craving for it.  He mentioned on the drive to vegas, he has to find a restaurant that serves Foie Gras.  Everyones burger is outstanding, I couldn't finished a burger so I decided to order the Cuban Street Tacos, big mistake!! it was so oily - gross, greasy -gross, the shredded chicken was so dry - gross!  I excused myself and went back to the Pai Gow table.The Restroom was so so filthy, no toilet papers, and paper towels were thrown everywhere.  I went out and let one of the staff know.  And she got right to it.  Thanks!!!
4	We wandered around trying to find some good grub from Paris, to Cosmopolitan, and were soo happy to stumble onto Holsteins. ONe look at the menu and we were sold. We had the pork belly mini sliders, Almond Joy shakes, chicken fingers, sweet potato fries and the pumpkin shake. Sooo good!!! We might even go back today to try  different burgers!
1	Sure, the food tastes pretty good here - especially when you're drunk and hungry, but let's be honest, any burger would be satisfying at that point. Overpriced, terrible service, snooty atmosphere, and too crowded. Spend your money elsewhere - there are plenty of places to eat in Vegas
5	Great atmosphere and music! Yes it's loud but it's super fun. They were playing a really good mix of music. The food was fabulous. I had the rising sun burger with steak fries, and a house draft that was free with a four square check in. The wait for food is a while but it's worth the wait. Also, the wait is entertaining. Will be coming back for sure!! My friends all agreed with me.
4	The Lobster mac N Cheese was on point! Absolutely delicious. Especially as a ravenous person when I entered the restaurant. Boy, was I starving. Sadly, I forgot the name of our burgers and way too lazy to look it up right now but I definitely enjoyed mine and my friends. I had a chicken burger and she had regular ole red meat. Both tasted wonderfully and full of flavor. Definitely going to have to try their alcoholic shakes next time.
4	came here with new coworkers very nice and cute decor massive sized burgers and free beers with foursquare check-in ordered 'The Rising Sun' new and tangy teriyaki - nori added a nice japanese flavor massive avocado tempura which i took out and ate together with the burger - it was too big to eat with it inside the burger lol Next time will try the "shakes" - very good customer service strongly recommended
4	Very good, lots of different beers, good shoestring fries, Kobe burger was good
4	This would be 5 stars and I'm sad I can't give it to them, but I rate restaurants based on the total experience, service included, beginning to end. Here's the experience summed up: Positives:+Amazing burgers! Lots of variety, juicy meat, awesome ingredients and toppings that you can add, etc. + Amazing milkshakes. Both alcoholic and non alcoholic. We had the tiramisu and the cookies and cream alcoholic ones. Super yummy.+ The Mac and cheese was frickin' delicious! Omg I could eat that stuff forever. Bonus: it had lobster in it!+ Cool atmosphere. + Our waitress once we got seated at an actual table was really attentive, nice, and she was great. Definitely helped make up for the bad things at the beginning of our experience Negatives, kinda went over it but I'll go over it again:- hostess lost our place in line, or didn't bother putting our names down to begin with.- We were offered a table in the lounge area. Sat there for about fifteen minutes and no one paid us any attention.I'm definitely coming back every time I go to Vegas. I wish they had a location near me. And who knows, if my experience is good next time ill change my rating to a five.
4	:-)+Korean Hot Dogs - nice sear on the casing, touch of heat from kimchee and chili mayo+Maine Lobster Roll - nice and refreshing with the chive aioli and coleslaw+The Classic with Cheddar --to share+Oreo with a double shotDefinitely would visit again to try other items on the menu.
4	My husband and I tried this place after reading all of the rave reviews.  We went on a Saturday night and sat at the bar.  Our service was great from beginning to end, and the food was definitely something to write home about. ~Mac n Cheese -- Delicious!~Burger  -- GREAT! ~Grasshopper Milkshake -- I wanted another! HahaWe will definitely be back  =)
3	I enjoyed this place, it was a little overpriced at $16 for the Longhorn BurgerBurger, Beef Brisket, Whiskey BBQ Sauce, Pickle) but it's Vegas strip prices. The brisket was an interesting addition to the burger and I'd recommend this. I had it with the steak fries and enjoyed the crispy and seasoned fries. They serve you an interesting vinegar and butter popcorn while you wait for your food. One thing I'd recommend they do is allow you to create your own burger using more of their toppings from various "unique" burgers. I'd come back again and would also try one of their shakes next time.
5	Love it here!!!!!  Everything on the menu is Delish !!!!!!  One of the few places that i can comfortably bring my kids to, so they can enjoy a great meal!!!!!  My kids have major allergies, and they are treated like royalty !!!!!!
5	Holstein's Rocks!!!Best burger I've ever eaten! Seriously!Probably could have eaten 5 of these that night.The food is awesome!Try a milkshake with real alcohol in them!Service is great!The price wasn't too bad for the meal!Check this place out!
3	Table for 9, but we got squeezed into a tight booth. We had some big guys with us. They wouldn't put any tables together to make us more comfortable. They said we had to sit separtely. For reals? WhateverThe food was only ok. Nothing was special at all. I got the BILLIONAIRE BURGER with Kobe Beef, Foie Gras, Port Onion Marmalade, Frisee, Truffle Mayo-the foie gras was so tiny. My burger was cooked perfectly. Everyone else tried a lot of different things and said it was only ok. Nothing amazing. I like that the fries I got were skinny fries, but should be more crispy.
5	Decent cocktails and they have milkshakes with booze - I'm in. The hamburgers are really good.I only sat at the bar, which was nice.
3	Again, what's the hype about here?? I was super excited to try this place as it seemed like a great concept.Unfortunately, the food was simply just average. The turkey burgers were dry, the fries had little flavor, and the onion rings were over-breaded.The salads were pretty good though. It is definitely on the pricey side!Don't make a special trip.
5	a must go to if you're on the strip.  the cosmo is one of my favorite hotels too!  worth a try...
4	Tiramisu alcoholic shake was absolutely epic.  Usually cant muster up the stomach to finish off a hard alcohol shake but handled this one like a champ, mainly because it was sooo freaking delicious.  Harviestoun Old Engine Oil porter from England accompanied my hot wings perfectly, too bad the wings weren't very good. But....BUT......The burger itself was ridiculously rich, flavorful and hit the spot on all sides.  It was the billionaire burger, which came with Kobe beef, black truffles and foie gras which is still legal everywhere else BUT California :(I stepped up this already $30 burger and added a lobster tail on for an extra $10.  So what, Its not like I havnt already been throwing my money away in Vegas,  Verdict. EPICOne of the best burgers I have ever had, most credit going to the degree of the luxurious toppings but was a A standard burger either way
3	Holsteins is a good option if you're in/near the Cosmopolitan and looking for a more casual place to sit down and eat.  They have a pretty large menu with a number of different burgers, sandwiches, alcoholic milkshakes, and other fun versions of bar food.  The food here was expensive for what it was (not a surprise, it's Vegas) and it was good, but I have definitely had a better burger.  I tried the new England Turkey Burger and the toppings were great (frisee, cranberry mayo, and stuffing), but the burger itself was weird... almost more like sausage than ground turkey?The sweet potato fries were really good and I loved the truffle popcorn that they leave on the tables to snack on before your meal.Don't come here if you're in a hurry to catch a show-- the service is sloooow even when the place isn't that busy.
4	This place is very cool and hip with their Japanese-Anime looking cow decor and their alcoholic milkshakes. KNow that this place is in the Cosmopolitan, so nothing is cheap here folks. Burgers are from 14-19 a pop, and those damn milkshakes are 10 bucks and more. Yes, you heard that right- ten bucks. Burgers are good, however, there is nothing that sets them apart from other high end burger joints in Vegas, from Burger Bar, Le Burger to burGR.
5	This has got to be one of my favorite restaurants to get a good, juicy gourmet burger! And plus it's home to my favorite milkshake so I can't give it less than 5 stars. There are tons of street chic art hung all over the walls of the restaurant which makes its interior design fun and appealing for guests. Since it's  more of a casual setting it's a nice place to bring friends even if you don't plan on going to Marquee or anywhere else fancy for the night.  They have shakes mixed WITH alcohol, called their bam-boozled shakes. My absolute favorite is the Birthday Cake which has 3 Olives Cake Vodka, Birthday Cake Crumble, vanilla ice cream and sprinkles. OHHH SOOO GOOD. It. Is. To. Die. For. Plus they give you the tin they make the shake in so it feels like you're getting extra. Adding a little to the waist? I don't mind for this heavenly treat.The sides are fantastic. Truffle lobster Mac n cheese... Need I say more? They have great tiny buns too and some great Chicago dogs if you aren't too hungry, but still want a great meal. Now the burgers are what you should come here for. Try any one. I'm sure there isn't one that will disappoint your taste buds. Can't choose? Well you can't ever go wrong with the Gold Standard. All the burgers come with either shoestring fries or steak fries. Just perfect. Prices might be a bit high, but you are paying for quality food. Overall, Holsteins is an awesome environment situated within the classy Cosmopolitan. I must go back. Now.
4	I've been here around three times and its so good! The first time I got a their mini burger sliders (good), the second time the mini hot-dogs (so cute and yummy!) and the most recent time I ordered the lobster mac and cheese (amazing!) I went after Zarkana and had their late night menu. I think a restaurant that has a late night menu is awesome. Many restaurants close around 10-10:30 and I love when something is open later so I can eat a second quality dinner aka not fast food when I get hungry. I decided on the mac and cheese because 1. I love love love cheese and pasta and 2. Their lobster is flown in fresh in everyday which is appealing. The macaroni was so cheesy and I devoured it in 5 minutes. It also came with a chip that had some kind of lobster dip on it. Yum yum! The only thing that would have been better would be a larger portion; I thought it was a tad small. I also ordered the upside down cake martini. It was the best martini I ever had and finished it in five minutes. It was more of a dessert martini so if you're not a fan of that then I wouldn't get it. If they were cheaper I would have ordered a second. I would recommend this drink to anyone who loves girly drinks! I also recommend their adult milkshakes. Its a milkshake with liquor mixed in. The first time I tried one was their cereal one. I loved it because it was unique that you couldn't find it anywhere else which is a selling point for me. If you want a good meal-even if its late night- I recommend this place!
5	Traveling to Vegas quite often has allowed me to experience several great establishments for drink and food.  On this occasion I stepped into Holsteins hearing about its reputation after spending time at Public House in the Palazzo.  I must say, I was well impressed.  First off, the beer selection is well organized with several verities that anyone, aficionados to the everyday beer fan can enjoy.  Lets not even get into what happens with the shakes!!! The menu has a fun selection of "bar bites", sliders and burgers.  I enjoyed a combo of truffles lobster Mac and cheese, buffalo dipping sauce and a chunky monkey milk shake with a gulden draak ale as a finisher!  Obviously I'm off my diet but the 5 years of recovery will be well worth it!  I must say the service was phenomenal!  Lara, the epitome of what a skilled server should be, was attentive, on task, quickly responsive and though busy never missed a moment to check in, smile and make sure my meal was enjoyable!  Never waited more than a couple of minutes between the order and its tabling (drinks) and the food was promptly delivered about 5-10 minutes from time of ordering.  This even while the restaurant was packed and I observed every table top full!  Well done!  In summary, I'm sure just from my limited experience the rest of the menu is going to be delicious.  I will return en force with a large group of friends to do our best to eat everything the kitchen can throw at us and drink every last drop of specialty beers the bar has to offer!  A must visit from now on when I'm in Vegas!
4	This is the 3rd time I've been to Holstein's and I have to say it's one of my favorite places on the strip! ;) The first two times I had a great experience, and so I will tell you about my 3rd. My two friends and I got there about 2pm on Saturday and the place was pretty jumping. Almost every time we have come it's been jumping so expect a 10-15 minute wait to get seated. We left our name with the cute hostess and  they took our phone number. Instead of using those little beeper things, they just text someone's phone in the group when your table is ready. I love technology. We waited in the Chandelier lounge and had a Fire-Breathing Dragon cocktail while we waited. It was a little pricey, but fun none the less. We got seated, and boom-got the complimentary Salt & Vinegar popcorn to start off and some chilled waters as soon as we sat down. After perusing the menu, which seems to get new items every few months, I chose the Portabello Mushroom burger and the Cereal Shake (made with 3 scoops vanilla ice cream,1 oz. vanilla vodka,  1/2 cup Cap'n Crunch cereal (dry),milk, as needed to get desired consistency,whipped cream (for garnish) and a shot of Whipped cream Vodka I think?) which tasted delicious! The shakes come in standard shake glass and make room for the extra they bring out in the silver shaker-bonus! My friends ordered the Billionaire burger ($28 -OUCH!) and the Tiramisu shake-and my other friend ordered the Gold Medallion burger I think it was? If your on a budget, the burgers and shakes are just big enough mealto split between two people or a couple, in addition to the free Salt & Vinegar popcorn.Shakes came our first, which are almost a meal in themselves. The last two times I ordered the campfire smores and Almondy Joy (Cause I love chocolate) but decided to try the Cereal shake because I love cap'n crunch. I have to say I like the Tiramisu over my Cereal Shake which was super sweet. We ordered the Lobster Mac & Cheese which is always good (wish they gave us a larger serving!) and we gobbled that dish down in no time between the 3 of us. Burgers showed up shortly after without a beat. I also ordered a fried egg  on mine. My meat was moist, the portobello succulent, the avocado delish, and the fried egg cooked just enough not to run all over the place. This burger is way too big to eat without spilling everywhere so I cut it in half to make it easier. The fries here are not my favorite, but come with meal, the onion rings were pretty good though.Though my burger was good, I tasted my friends billionaire burger and the aged-Kobe beef topped with Goose liver (which is why it was expensive) and I have to say her burger was better than mine. Don't know if I could justify the extra $12 for it. My other friend who is a big foodie, said his Medallion burger was one of the best burgers he's had in a restaurant, and he's a very picky foodie. All in all another great experience,  I like the hustle and bustle of the place, and all the good looking people in Cosmopolitan is never a let down. Thought he place is not cheap if your looking for an inexpensive place to eat, it's a fun experience overall and great to get a slight buzz from from a shake!*note* I went hope and napped after my amazing meal. Hope this helps!Cheers!~MikeB
3	Despite the choice location and the cool decor, as well as the numerous glowing reviews, I have to say that I was disappointed in my trip to Holstein's. The service was standoffish, and though we ordered the things that were recommended in other reviews, I think we all walked away feeling like we were missing something. Actually, to be honest, my choice, the Rising Sun burger, was probably at about a four star. It was an interesting combo of avocado, crispy yam strips, furikake, and teriyaki sauce, However, the selections that my dining partners got hovered at about two stars... or maybe even lower. One of my friends got the lobster roll and proclaimed it the worst she'd ever had. Those who got the steak fries seemed to enjoy them, but I got the shoestring fries and found them to be cold and a bit stale tasting. Apparently the shakes were mighty tasty as well, though I wasn't feeling something heavy and dairy-laden that day so I passed.It's too bad because all I wanted after a long night out was a fulfilling, tasty burger and other comfort food selections. I wouldn't completely rule out giving this place another try because I feel like we may have just gone on an off day, but honestly there are so many choices in Vegas it's hard to overlook a bad experience.
5	A-MAZ-INGwe had several expensive meals on our trip by well-known chefs, but i have to say...this was by far the most fun.YUUUUUMMMMMMYYYYYY
5	We came in at around 2 am and they were still serving food at the bar. We ordered mini-hot dogs and sweet potato fries. OMG! The hot dog buns tasted freshly baked, the ketchup that came with fries was home made. The hot dogs were served with fresh relish on top and a hot pepper! Amazing experience! We had also ordered 2 drinks which were also very good.We then returned there for lunch and were not disappointed. We had a rising sun burger and el machete burger. Steak fries was very good and burgers very fresh and rising sun burger specifically was very original. Slightly sweet because of the sauce on top and had an Asian taste to it. We also had a pitcher of red sangria. Tasted very good, but did not seem to have any alcohol in it.Very good food though! Oh, and if you like milk shakes, they make them with alcohol (which is also undetectable, but the teramisu shake we had was pretty good). Overall, great experience! Will definitely return next time we are in Vegas
4	At the recommendation of a friend, we went to Holsteins and I really loved the place.  The atmosphere is just right with a cool, casual vibe.  I am in love with the little pig cow!But that's just a bonus to the menu that takes burgers & shakes to another level with gourmet touches.  I wanted to try everything on the menu and am jealous that there isn't a Holsteins in NYC so I can.  Korean Hot Dogs, The Rising Sun, and Billionaire Burger were all calling my name.I settled on The Fun-ghi beef burger with Gruyere, truffle oil, and portabello.  It was delicious and I could taste all the flavors. The patty is not oversized and very juicy.  I ordered medium temperature, but it came out more medium well however I didn't mind because it was still juicy.  Had the shoestring fries which were nice & crispy.We also had the Ahi Poke appetizer which came out at the same time as our burger.  It was fresh but the flavors were hard to taste but I think it's because the flavors of the burger overpowered while having both dishes at the same time.Of course, I had to have a shake but opted for a virgin strawberry shake because I didn't want to be tipsy for a wedding later that day.  But I SO wanted to try a bam-boozled shake like the Almond Joy.Even the complimentary popcorn was good and I'd buy bags of the stuff.  We had salt & vinegar popcorn, which is one of my favorite flavors.  Please, please open a location in NYC!!
5	Loved every bite. A little pricey but definitely worth it. Get a shake, it will change your world. The gourmet level of the burgers and the shakes make it something you must try when visiting the Cosmo. The people next to us said next time try to Lobster Mac N Cheese and believe me I will. It is always nice to go to some place new in Vegas that has character, is unique and will not break your wallet.
5	DATE/TIME: Wednesday, August 8, 2012 // Tuesday, August 13, 2012 // Monday, December 17, 2012PRICE: $20-$40/personVALUE: Most of their burgers are around $14-$17.50. They're juicy, artisan burgers that are competitively priced (if not just a bit more expensive) when compared to other burger joints of the same type, such as Burger Bar, Umami Burger, and BLT. AMBIANCE: It's definitely casual, but feels a lot more like an upscale diner. The wall prints are colorful and interesting.CHANCE OF RETURNING: 100%___________________________________[ Actual Rating : 4.5* ]:::: THE FOOD ::::* AHI POKE - $11         - [4/5 - Fresh and delicious w/adequate amount of ponzu.]* CRISPY PORK BELLY BUN - $12         - [4/5 - Three buns filled with cooked pork belly with crispy skin and tender meat. Good amount of sweet hoisin sauce, balanced by the cucumber and pea shoots.]* BILLIONAIRE BURGER - $28         - [4.5/5 - Juicy kobe beef, a beautiful chunk of perfectly creamy seared foie gras, delicious port onion marmalade, and a truffle mayo on the side. A truly luscious burger.]* SHOESTRING FRIES - $5         - [3.5/5 - I usually prefer steak fries over shoestring fries since I'm one of those people who pick out the soft fries and eat them first, giving the crunchy ones away to either my husband or one of my two best friends, both of whom conveniently prefers the crispy ones. These were pretty good though.]* STEAK FRIES - $5         - [4/5 - Just the way I like my fries.]___________________________________:::: THE DRINKS ::::* CAMPFIRE SMORES - $11         - [4/5 - Uhh... let's see. Marshmallow vodka, chocolate, marshmallows, and crumbled graham crackers. Of course it's delicious!]* OREO - $11         - [4.5/5 - Two of my favorite guilty pleasures combined = Baileys Irish Cream and Oreo Cookies.]___________________________________:::: Ranked: PORK BUNS :::: (Only includes the open-faced kind, not the traditional Cantonese baozi.)1.) Steamed Pork Buns (2pc), $15, REDD, Yountville, CA - [5/5]2.) Hirata Pork Buns (2pc), $9, IPPUDO, New York, NY - [4.5/5]3.) Crispy Pork Belly Bun (3pc), $12, HOLSTEINS, Las Vegas, NY - [4/5]4.) Tender Pork Belly Bun (1pc), $3.75, CHAIRMAN BAO, San Francisco, CA - [4/5]5.) Steamed Pork Buns (2pc), $11, MOMOFUKU SSAM, New York, NY - [3/5]
2	Well good thing I'm writing this review cause I am SO DAMN FULL that I can't sleep!! First of all, this place is REALLY LOUD. So be warned that if you are going there to converse with others...I wouldn't suggest coming here. Don't get me wrong, I love that the DJ had tons of enthusiasm but the volume of the music was just too loud. Our server was Jonathan, who seemed to be a really cool guy when he first introduced us. I personally felt really rushed to order our drinks. This is where the first problem arose...we wanted a plain vanilla milkshake and his snarky response was that "all the shakes have vanilla" so after we place our order for an oreo milkshake, we see on the menu that they have plain vanilla, chocolate, and other standard flavors. When we saw this we obviously confronted us and told him we just wanted the vanilla. He said that "the order was already placed and as he was bringing us our other drinks he was literally blending it" I'm not sure about you folks but when you are in the food and beverage industry, shouldn't you be attentive to the customers needs? Not sure if he was purposely trying to get a higher check average since the standard milkshakes were $3 less but anyways. I thought this was extremely rude of him to say that the milkshake was already being blended so we couldn't change our order when he wouldn't let us order what we wanted in the first place. The milkshake was yummy, but the principle.When we asked about other menu alternatives he laughed and said "you know this is a burger place right?" Well excuse me...but if I remember correctly the right side of the menu had quesadillas, tacos, and a variety of other things. Who would have known it was such a crime to ask such a question.Another thing that really tickled me was that during the meal, the fire alarm went off and NOBODY was evacuating. Yes, we probably should have taken it a little more seriously and at least gotten up to check what was going on but is it just me or is it illegal for them to not even make an effort to evacuate us while a fire alarm is going off?We ordered the chicken wings to start and I had the Longhorn burger  for my main; and although it was extremely tasty, I didn't think it was anything to write home about (except the steak fries, yum) Ultimately, I would have to agree with my fellow Yelpers that the service here is extremely slow, with just average food. I think next time I'll have to make the drive to Bachi Burger.The reason for my two star rating-1 star for a snarky server-1 star for not bringing us popcorn-1 star because the food was just OK
4	Good food. Upscale burger place. Good service.I had the Holstein beef - slider. Very good. We had some onion rings - good too.Deep fried Zucchini is really good too.
3	First off, the burger was 5 stars.  Dry aged sirloin was well worth the price.  Top 5 burgers I've ever had.  The rest of the experience was only 3 stars.  Service was meh.   We had to ask the waiter for refills, to clear plates, etc.  He was aloof.  Refilled glass with warm iced tea or water.  No ice.  Fries and onion rings were from frozen.  Don't pay the extra.  Got the lobster truffle Mac and cheese for our appetizer.  It was just okay.  Nothing special.  Would come back here again for the burger and skip the extras.  It was amazing.
3	I have mixed feelings about Holsteins! I want to love it so badly but I just can't! It's like the friend-zoned "I love you but I'm not IN love with you" type of feeling. The vibe and decor of the restaurant is cute and energetic and the servers are wonderful and attentive. The menu is also creative and has so many unique options for burger toppings such as cole slaw, tempura avocado, and fried egg. But when it comes down to it the food is just meh. Without even including the fact that the prices are a bit steep for burgers that are on the small side. On more than one occasion the shoestring fries came out overcooked and the meat undercooked (though I did ask for medium rare..). The unique ingredients and flavors also don't meld as much as I'd like them to. I do however recommend the Fun-ghi burger which is underrepresented on this Yelp page (beef patty, grilled portobello, truffle oil, frisee) as well as the steak fries which are seasoned and plump. The Gold Standard has VERY strong flavors which didn't tingle my taste buds as much as I hoped it would. I found myself wanting to slather it in some other type of sauce which is never a good sign. Shakes are basic but love the alcoholic options. Also if you want to swap out fries for a side salad it's a $2 charge which is ridiculous because who actually WANTS salad over fries, usually it's an attempt to calm a guilty conscience. Overall, not everything here is delicious but there ARE some great menu items which are worth coming back for :)
4	I came here on 2 separate occasions. One was for happy hour, another was for lunch. Both times I had great, attentive service. Drinks were spot on- and the food was more than I could bear.During meal time, they give you a side of popcorn to start with. This is no regular popcorn either.. It's spiked with some kind of seasoning I can't figure out. Either way, it's an explosion in your mouth and your taste buds will be a little confused.Burgers are pretty massive. I got the Hen House. (Beef With Fried Egg, Bacon, Lettuce, Tomato And Onion With Mustard & Ketchup) no mustard and no onion for me. But wow, the bacon in this burger was some thick cut bacon. And the egg of course made the burger sooo much better. I got a side of sweet potato fries and yea.. I couldn't finish my meal. Ha. My friend and I split a strawberry milkshake as well. Typical American burger meal . It was my last meal in Vegas. It certainly hit the spot and sent me home right. The restaurant is inside the beautiful Cosmpolitan right in front of Marquee entry. The ambiance of this place is so cute- almost similar to Toki Doki. I recommend it for a good happy hour and good bar bites.
4	I had a burger, fries, and beer for about 30 bucks. Burger was very tasty but the insides kept slipping out. Bacon was nice and thick.  Steak cut fries were similar to KFC potato wedges. Service was excellent. Loved the waitress dress code
3	We had lunch here yesterday. My guest had the Golden Standard book for $17.50. Nice bun and had a large meat patty. It had tomato confee and blue cheese. He said it was ok but not for the price. I had a classic burger for $14.00. It was a good basic burger but I could have gotten one for 1/2 the price anywhere. We had milkshakes and the were terrible. Very runny. I like a thick shake. Very little chocolate sauce. $8.00 each. I'm glad I went but wont go again. To many other places to get a good burger.
3	So I have been here a couple of times. The first time I thought the service and the food wa sgreat, but on subsequent visits the food didn't do anything for me. Both times I tried the classic burger though; since it really doesn't come with many toppings, you have to serve excellent beef and I didn't think it was fantastic. I am not a fan of shakes, boozy or otherwise, but you can tell that it is not from a miz and they make them on the spot. The vibe is fun, trendy and youthful, many people have dinner here before heading over to Marquee.
1	My friends and I came here after finding out the wait at Caesar's Bacchanal was over four hours long. I ordered a rising sun burger cooked medium and shared a milkshake with a friend. Later that night, I started feeling dizzy and disoriented so I excused myself to my room. What ensued was 12+ hours of severe food poisoning. I have never experienced such terrible food poisoning in my life. I finally had to go to the ER the next day because I'm from out of town and I had to check out of the hotel. I could barely get up from the bathroom floor.So yeah. Basically the worst food related experience of my life.
4	Food was good, service was great .. drinks were potent. After a big Saturday night out at STK (I'm not a fan of STK as you can see in my review of the place STK) and then we we were off to Milo's (Milo's was good).. we crashed out at the Cosmopolitan and hit up Holsteins for brunch on Sunday. Good Burgers and more liquor to the rescue. Ordering a round of Spicy Bloody Mary's for the group and an order of pizza empanadas got us started. Then it was on the the main course. Burgers!I had the "RISING SUN" burger and upon the up-sell suggestion of our server, I got a fried egg on the burger. I'm a sucker for an up-sell :] This burger was delicious, cooked well, too well in fact, but not dry by any  means (it was ordered med rare, but came out just over medium). No problem though, because delicious wins every time, and it was sooo delicious! Teriyaki flavor, fried egg and delicious tempura fried avocado. It's a lot of what I like about food under one bun. We had another round of spicy Mary's and then off for a nap. We loved it so much.. we went back the next day! Check it out, it's worth a trip. Happy Eating!
4	We had about a 20 minute wait to get a table, but it was ok. When we did get seated we ordered drinks... My husband had a beer of some kind, which he really liked, and I had an Oreo and bailey's milkshake, which was excellent. For dinner my husband ordered the Big Fat Greek - a spicy lamb burger. The burger was excellent. The feta cheese and tatziki sauce paired with the flavors of the meat very well. It was a great burger all-in-all. I ordered the Radicchio Steak Salad, and it was quite a disappointment. First off, I've ordered a Radicchio salad before, but the radicchio in this one was extremely bitter, so bitter I couldn't eat it. So I called the waiter back and told him it was extremely bitter. He was very obliging and offered to change the radicchio out for some regular greens, which I decided to take him up on. He also mentioned that a lot of patrons do this with the Radicchio Salad, which made me wonder why he hadn't offered to do this when we ordered, or warned me that the Radicchio would be bitter. Either way, they changed out my salad for no charge and brought back my steak on a bed of greens. The second thing I did not like in the salad was that the steak was done medium rare, and I like mine well done. I was not asked how I wanted it cooked, and when I asked to have it cooked a little more the waiter apologized and said it would not be possible due to safety regulations. Once a dish is plated and brought out to a customer, it cannot be put back in a pan. So I just ate a few bits of the steak. The rest of the salad was ok. The Dressing it came with was pretty tasty, but if I go back to Holsteins Shakes and Buns, I'll be sticking to a burger.
4	Great as far as a burger bar is concerned. Even though, I am not a fan of overpriced gourmet burgers in general. The price does not match the value.  The Gold Standard Burger was fantastic. It definitely made with quality beef and you can easily taste the difference from other burgers. But you can get similar quality at far better price from a restaurant burger.  My burger was a little dry from lack of a sauce but the meat was juicy. I added mustard that was provided on the table which complimented the cheese well. The milk shakes were over priced but the alcohol in them was undetectable. I found that to be a fun twist.
4	Our group was given a small bucket of salt and vinegar popcorn while we waited for our food.  We ordered a Golden Standard, Rising Sun, Steakhouse Burger some shoestring fries and sweet potato fries.  For dessert we had the Donut Slider.  The shakes (with or without alcohol) were tempting but most of us were lactose intolerant and we still had a long day ahead of us so we decided to skip it.Golden Standard: You had me at bacon, goat cheese and garlic chive aioli.  The tomato confit cuts the richness of the angus beef patty and the arugula adds "pepperyness" to the burger. 4/5Rising Sun:Teriyaki burger with Kobe beef, tempura avocado, nori furikake, fried yams and spicy mayo. 4/5Steakhouse Burger:Beef burger with steak sauce, onion marmalade, mushrooms, Swiss cheese and tomato confit. I wasn't too thrilled with this one. 3/5Donut Slider:Very creative presentation.  A sweet burger-looking dessert.  The "bun" is a brioche doughnut.  The "patty" is made of chocolate ganache toppe with crispy coconut, strawberry and passionfruit.  It also comes with a side of "fries" made of crisp pound cake and a berry "ketchup" for dipping. It tasted as good as it looked 5/5Service was great.  The interior is very playful and funky. Artwork were very cartoon-y.  I recommend making a reservation as this place fills up pretty quickly.
5	I love this place!   The rising sun is a party in your mouth!!
5	I've been here several times and have never been disappointed. The staff is always friendly and willing to give suggestions, the food is ALWAYS good, and they have tasty drinks with a nice sized bar area.  The favorite burger of the group has consistently been the Rising Sun- 2 of my friends said it was the best burger they have ever had. I had the Urth burger with a wheat bun and sweet potato fries- amazing.This place is a must try!
3	I checked out Holsteins with some work peeps and was impressed. I try to keep the toppings to a minimum on my burgers so I went with classic. It was perfectly cooked and the beef tasted like beef, sounds stupid but its not that common. I mean when you order a burger it should taste like beef not .85 cent teriyaki sauce or sweet baby rays BBQ sauce but I digress. The bun was delicious and the fries were excellent, I went with the steak cut. The decor in the restaurant was very hip, kinda Japanese anime-esque. The service was very good and friendly.
5	DANK DELICIOUSNESS!!  I've hit this place up a few times and have never been let down. Last time my cousin was up from cali visting we crushed a few burgers and beers here and had a blast! The staff is awesome, on our last visit we had a waitress by the name of Ashley who's service was inpeccable. I honestly can't afford alot of places in the Cosmo on the regular, but Holsteins is affordable and tasty grub with a great environment that I can dig...ya dig?!
4	Holsteins is one of the few reasonably priced restaurants in The Cosmopolitan. Good atmosphere, lots of seating, plenty of menu options. This place is tough for vegetarians, as you might expect, but not impossible. You can change out a burger patty for a veggie burger and there are salad options as well. If you use foursquare, you can check in for a free beer or margarita with signature burger purchase, and that works for every member of the party- pretty cool. My group of 6 took advantage of that. The free margarita is pretty dang small, and you get no choice in flavor, so I would go with a beer. I ordered the Carbonara Chicken, while friends went with salads, Urth burgers, and The Rising Sun burger. I believe there were some others in there as well but I can't recall. The burger was great! Soooo good. It was a chicken burger with an egg on it, which I didn't expect to be into but it was awesome. Add to that a funny server that gave us good gambling advice (hit up somewhere off the strip- Ellis Island specifically), and we were happy campers. Highly recommend!
5	Arguably the best burgers I've ever had. EVER. It really doesn't take too much to come up with a really good burger. Still though, many places lack the inspiration and creativity to make a really solid burger. You pretty much just need some quality ingredients and a brilliant fat person. The place is freaking gorgeous. I love the design and atmosphere of this chill, yet slightly upscale burger joint/bar. You got the March Madness games all over the TVs and the customers all into it. There are such comfortable seats. Gosh, if I had a burger joint and bar, I'd design it based around Holsteins. BILLIONAIRE BURGER 4.5/5That ish was awesome. Since Foie Gras is banned in California, I just had to get my fix over here in Las Vegas. I felt like a billionaire, sorta, for only about 20 bucks.FRIED DILL PICKLES 4.5/5Wow. I thought The Counter's Fried Pickle Chips were good, but this one takes the pickle. STEAKHOUSE BURGER 4.5/5Oh gosh, this was just so excellently concocted. The pepper in it was interesting and really gave it that kick it needed.ONION RINGS 4/5Tasty. Especially with the Garlic Aioli that we had. Wow. The sauces are good here too, btw. The beer selection here is amazing. I'm not exactly a beer connoisseur, but I have my likes and dislikes. From the looks of it, my beer connoisseur buddies really liked their beers. They had like 5 different kinds it seemed haha. I tried the Piraat and it was pretty good, especially for being 10+ percent. I feel like I must be back whenever I crave a burger. Dammit, LA needs one ASAP.
5	Love Love Love this restaurant. Life DJ+stylish interior design+best booze shake+tasty food= totally highlight our NYE.We ordered:Campfire smores- when booze invovled of course deliciousOnion rings- super crispy, best onion ring I ever hadTruffle lobster mac- lobster is perfectly cookedRising sun- kind of sweet, not a fan of teriyaki sauceBillionaire burger- good combination with foie gras and truffle mayo
4	The burgers and shakes (alcoholic shakes too) are so fun and delicious. The atmosphere inside the Cosmopolitan Hotel is fun. I can't wait to go back to Las Vegas and back to Holsteins!
5	We had a great experience.  The lobster Mac was awesome, the service was great and the burgers were huge.  Great food.  The only thing I will say is the seats in the bar area were hard.
4	Holstein's was our first stop of Las Vegas. We were staying at the Cosmo and I was so hungry. Myself and my four friends thought this place sounded good. It was. Partly because I was starved and partly because it was good. We did have to wait about 20 minutes to be seated, but it was no big deal. The Chandelier is right across the way and they call you when you're table is ready. So, we went and had a drink at the Chandelier. The place is pretty big and there is plenty of tables and booths. They have a bar you can sit at and tv's which was good for all of the guys watching March Madness. Also, the menu is pretty extensive if you like burgers. We absolutely had to try one of the spiked shakes. I got the Drunken Monkey. Soooooo good. I drank it before my burger even made it out. It was delicious! I ordered the classic burger and sweet potato fries. I literally ate it all. I am not a huge burger person. To me a burger is a burger. But this was pretty good and the fries were delicious. Yes! Loved it.
1	This place is just horrible. I'll admit the fancy and alcoholic shakes are cool but the food is just plain average - and with so much great food in Vegas I will never go here again.  We tried the quesadillas, sliders, fries and one of the recommended appetizers. Consistently blah.  Pretty disappointed since they place looks very cool. So many choices in this town, the only way this place survives is because they get so many first timers.
4	Their alcohol selection sucks, as in they ran out of everything they said they had.  I had to have a Sapphire tonic...SAPPHIRE, PEOPLE!!!  The waiter said she had Hendricks and then dreamcrushed my cocktail dreams.My other friend wanted a beer and 8 of the beers he wanted they were "out of".However, the burger was nice, very juicy and rare.  Plus, the more you drink the better everything tastes, right?
3	I came here on a Saturday morning. The service was excellent. I sat at the bar by myself, and the brunette-long-hair bartender seemed to know how tough it is for a girl to sit by herself. So she was extremely sweet and helpful to me. She was chilled, but you know that she is very serious about customer service. Yes, in addition, anybody who calls me sweetie is automatically considered to give good service in my book!        However, the food and the drinks were not on par with the good service. I ordered two cocktails: upside down pineapple birthday cake and tropical splash. The drinks were beautiful but weak. I know that it was in the morning and kind of early to get buzzed, but I am in Vegas so what?          For food, I ordered the billionaire burger. I really LOVE...the name of this burger. Yes, paying $28.00 to supposedly eat like a billionaire. Why not? Another reason is that it kind of feeds my delusion of wealth. I love every single ingredient listed for the burger: Kobe beef, foie gras, truffle mayo, caramelized onion, but I do not love the burger together. It felt as it needs some kind of sauce to bring it together, just a suggestion.          Overall, I would come back here for the atmosphere and the service. But the drinks and the burger were absolutely not the best.
5	This burger place is located inside the Cosmopalitan hotel & casino on the second floor. Upon arrival we were seated in the dining area away from the bar...a seat near the tv was requested and was received since the place wasnt that busy. Ordered the rising sun burger which is a house favorite...and upon my first bite i figured out why- its f' delicious! Got it medium well with shoe string fries and couldnt be happier...argueable the best burger ive ever had. My brother ordered the california burger  with steak fries also medium well - he enjoyed the perfect amount of spice and the avocado was a great addition to all the flavor. When we checked in via foursquare we discovered a coupon for a complimentary house lager with any entree and after a quick chat with the manager on duty I was drinking free beer! My brother ordered a cup of coffee which the waitress did not add to the bill and thus we tipped handsomely ontop of the already attentive service. Overall a great burger place, a bit pricey but worth it in our opinion. The decorations and atmosphere of the place is really unique too!
4	Great burger.  Had the Gold Standard.  Dry Aged Beef Sirloin Burger With Smoked Bacon, Aged Goat Cheddar Cheese, Tomato Confit, Baby Arugula & Garlic-Chive Aioli.  OMG... so good.  This was actually my second dinner that night... and I still loved it.  This is now now of my top places for a burger.Came back a couple days later for and had a Caesar  Salad with chicken.  I wouldn't really recommend.  too much dressing.. .and chicken was just meh...  Stick to the burgers.
5	3 words: birthday cake shake.Considering there are already 900+ reviews, I can't tell you anything that hasn't already been written. Just know that Holsteins is an awesome "cheaper eat" option in vegas and you should try it. And get that shake!
5	i had the Billionaire Burger and I thought my mouth was in heaven.Kobe Beef, Foie Gras, Port Onion Marmalade, Frisee, Truffle Mayonnaise...These ingredients come together and create the perfect combination of...oh that's right, perfection.  Enjoy it!  we also had the S'mores Milkshake, SOOOOO delicious.  Great wine selection available for those of you who want to enjoy your billionaire burger the way that it's supposed to be enjoyed.
1	After checking out so many places to eat for dinner we made it to Holsteins and I was excited about a made in house veggie burger and that the sides are included in the $17 burgers making it a bit cheaper than other gourmet burger options in Vegas.The first hostess told us there would be a wait even though the didning area wasn't full but we could sit at the bar.They had a tiny what they called "lounge" consisting of 4 tables and two chairs each so we took that.I asked if we could order and have drinks until a table is free so we don't have to eat below our knees.Nope not possible to move once you sat down...WTF???Ok I was hungry so we ordered, the Longhorn with steak fries for the man, veggie burger and salad for me which was a $3 upgrade.I hate when they do that, the few leaves of lettuce they give you don't cost more than the wedges my husband got, punishing you for trying to balance out your meal.Our waitress the dumbest isch I've ever come across.She was cooing over the single male patrons for a tip but dragged her ass bringing our stuff, got the drink order, the salad, my burger, everything wrong.The food tasted  like crap, honestly.I got my burger 15 minutes before my side salad and since I like it together I waited.Wrong dressing, wait again.By then burger cold, mushy, nasty and very wrong tasting.Complain to manager that the waitress is a complete waste of space and the food horrible, my meal comped.Barfed as soon as I made it back to my hotel room, thanks Holsteins!
5	Very good burgers and shakes... recommended
4	I love everything about this place:  the attitude, the decor, the burgers, the shakes (the shakes!).  It all just works so well together that it's hard not to become a fan.  Discovered Holstein's last year on vacation and went back last weekend hoping for the same experience; happy to say it did not disappoint!  Our flight was late and we landed in Las Vegas around 8:30 PM, so by the time we got there it was already way past my EST dinner.  The hostess was pleasant and directed us to another hostess in the dining room, who seated us right away.  Our waitress was attentive without being too in-our-face (because seriously, we were grouchy hungry and tired and just wanted food).  The drink menu is extensive and they have a great selection of beer.  I ordered the Ahi Sliders and my boyfriend had the Nom Nom Burger.  We split his fries and it was plenty of food, since they also do popcorn for the table as an appetizer.  My only downside is that the seating is a little close together, but I've noticed that's pretty much the norm everywhere in town.  Very European to me- maybe I just like my space?  Otherwise, an awesome burger joint that is not presumptous and doesn't try to be anything else other than seriously good grub.
4	Love the shakes!
4	The first stop I made on my recent trip to Vegas - definitely started us off in the right direction.We stopped in on St. Patricks day and everyone was clearly in the spirit of the holiday. They had holiday specials with a corned beef burger and leprechaun milkshake. Definitely a nice little touch to the holiday.Our waitress came by right away and was more than accomodating. She was thorough, poised and really sweet. Definitely earned herself a good tip. (+1)The food was all she said it would be. My guest had their regular American chesseburger (because he's boring), but he said it was one of the better burgers in LV. Not to mention, he ate everything on his plate. My cobb salad was really delicious. Salad at burger places isn't usually to die for, but this was a step above the rest.  (+1)We ended our meal with a chocolate milkshake and damn, was it good. It wasn't chocolate ice cream and milk but more like chocolate ice cream with real actual melted chocolate mixed in  (+1) and then loads of fresh whipped cream on top (+1)I'd definitely come back for a quick bite.
4	burgers are delicious! but don't get the truffle lobster mac n cheez. waste of money!!!!!
3	Not bad - burger was not cooked right the last 3 times I have gone (overcooking burgers sucks, you want medium rare, you should get medium rare. Alas, excellent milkshakes. Service was a bit mediocre I Gordon Ramsey's BurGr MUCH better - but the milkshakes at Holsteins kick everyone's ass.
5	Huge delicious Turkey burger. If you're having second thoughts about going with Turkey instead of Red Meat, don't! The turkey burger was insanely good...
4	Ahi Sliders, and Ahi Poke is bomb!
5	the burgers are Delicious! the salads are yummy. The staff in the front are very attractive. for the guys, sit in the front or the bar! the flavor of the food itself has always pleased my tongue. the yam fries sometimes come out a bit soggy. and the price of the burgers is a bit high for what you can find elsewhere, but heck you're at the cosmopolitan casino, nothing is cheap there.i want to give this place a 4.5 or 4.75 stars.
2	A 75.00 lunch of 2 average burgers and good shakes. The service was complete crap. Table piled with our empty plates and glasses while we sat looking for our server. She clearly hated her job. The prototypical example of so many spots in resort areas (especially Vegas) where they will always make money due to the location and huge range of clientele who may or may-not know any better.Don't waste your time or money.
3	Good burgers, nice atmosphere, good beers, and okay service
5	Holy cow (ha ha) this place was awesome. From our appetizer - Redneck Poppers, to the popcorn, to the burgers, to the shake (Frozen Grasshopper anyone?) we were not disappointed. We left Holsteins far too full - fat and happy for sure.El Machete was amazing, spicy, but not too spicy cooked perfectly medium. Juicy, big, heaven to eat. I want another! I was so wrapped up in my burger I don't even remember what Jeff had, but he devoured his just as quickly as I ate mine. We have already agreed another trip needs to be made back to Vegas just so we can eat at Holsteins. Although it would be easier if thery would just open up a location in Dallas, or anywhere in the near vicinity.
4	Thanks to Holsteins yummy Bam-Boozeled shakes (with the help of many cocktails beforehand), I can hardly remember a thing about my dinner here.After polishing off many rounds of happy hour cocktails at Comme CA, a group of eight of us found ourselves at Holsteins (located inside the gorgeous Cosmo hotel) for dinner on a Friday evening. The first thing I need to tell y'all is that all eight of us were fairly intoxicated before entering Holsteins. And after all eight of us ordered a Bam-Bozzeled shake with extra shots of alcohol to start our meals, the rest of the evening became quite a blur. Such a blur, in fact, that even though every single person ordered a different burger from their large menu (we also ordered appetizers), and even though I took a bite of everything ordered, I can't really recall everything I tried and if I even enjoyed it. I'm just glad I took pictures, otherwise I would have been totally guessing on some of the food we ordered. This is just a few of the items I tried that fun night at Holsteins; Drunken Monkey Shake- Reese's, Banana, Malt, & Frangelico LiquorCereal Bowl Shake- Cap'n Crunch & Absolut Vanilla VodkaCampfire Smores- Smirnoff Marshmallow Vodka, Chocolate, Marshmallow & Graham CrumblePork Belly BunsSalt & Vinegar Popcorn (Complimentary)The Rising Sun Burger (I ordered this)- Kobe Beef Burger, Teriyaki Glaze, Nori Furikake, Crispy Yam, Spicy Mayo & Tempura AvocadoGold Standard Burger- Dry Aged Beef Sirloin Burger W/ Smoked Bacon, Aged Goat Cheddar Cheese, Tomato Confit, Baby Arugula & Garlic-Chive AioliThe Longhorn Burger- Beef Patty Topped W/ Texas Smoked Beef Brisket, Whiskey BBQ Sauce, Creamy Cole Slaw & Dill PicklesI do remember that we all thoroughly enjoyed our adult shakes. They were sweet and thick but the bartenders were more than generous with the alcohol because every shake was just as strong or even stronger than the cocktails we had before entering Holsteins. I can honestly say I slightly do remember my burger being damn tasty. I loved the teri glaze on the patty and the tempura avocado was a nice touch. This burger reminded me of something I'd get at Umami in LA. As for the rest of the burgers and the apps go, I'm assuming I and everyone else enjoyed them because every plate was licked clean. From what I remember the service was great and the atmosphere in the restaurant was fun and upbeat. The prices here are really reasonable.  I will definitely try Holsteins again. Next time I'll just make sure to be sober before eating here so I can fully remember my experience. Till that day comes I'll give Holsteins a solid 4 stars.
4	I probably have never paid as much as I did for burgers until I came here, but they are different and taste very good.  Me and 2 other friends came here for dinner and we shared 2 burgers and a side (I believe the lobster truffle mac n cheese) and we were happy with our meal.  It was filling but not overly filling and the employees here are super nice, and I absolutely LOVED the decor of the place.  Another reason to come to the Cosmo  =)I just wished I tried one of their shakes. Next time!!
4	Fun place, feels like you're in a normal restaurant and not a restaurant plopped in the middle of a casino in Vegas. Many appetizing things on the menu. And take the recommendations from people here on Yelp. They are not kidding when they're talking about the shakes, or the gold standard! Every table around us looked like they were having a good time as well. Server was good, and when he didn't know an answer he found out for me and came back with the correct one.
4	Fancy Denny's style - Be down with their lobster rolls.
4	Please move over! Can you imagine a group of gals walking up and down the strip looking for some grub that didn't require too long of a wait. Well believe it because my friends and I were starving upon entering. The place was pack, but we were seated promptly. The burgers here are divine. Excellent in flavor. Gourmet, simple, call it whatever you want,  the burgers are definitely worth it. I ordered the Captain Hook and the salmon was grilled perfectly. Not at all overcooked. The Herb Caper Mayonnaise is good, but if you are not a mayonnaise person ask for it on the side. The fries are just as delicious, you can choose between steak fries or shoestring. The steak fries are fatty. I ended up cutting off the ends and squeezing the potatoes out. Mmm, just like mash potatoes. The seasoned popcorn is what they give you as appetizer. I believe it is tossed with vinegar and cheese. Different, but tasty. And if you want some booze in your shake, this place has it covered! I was not too inspired to try one, but the options sound just as good as the burger.We left very stuffed. Too stuffed that we looked rather unflattering in our night clothes. Haahaa. Nonetheless, I will dine here again!
5	Burger coma.  This place rocks.  They offer all sorts of burgers with different tastes and flavors.  Highly recomend their milkshakes.  BIllionaire burger is a must try.
4	Needed to pick somebody up from the airport by 8pm so I decided to treat two of my boys (8 & 12 years old) to dinner on the strip.  This was our first time at Holstein's and we would repeat.  Service was good and very efficient.  Food was pretty good but the scene was very fun and energetic.We started with the Cuban Street Tacos and Bucket of Wings.  Both were okay.  The wings were a little bland and very dry.  Personally I think the street tacos would've tasted better with soft tortillas, but they were pretty good.  We ordered the Steakhouse, El Machete, and Mac & Cheese for our meal and all were tasty.  Good quality product and healthy portions.  We only ate half of each burger and took the other half home.  The highlight of the meal was their milkshakes.  Great thick shakes that the kids loved!!  Overall a solid experience at Holsteins.
4	If you're a hamburger nut, there are a few places in Las Vegas you should know about.  And this is one of them.  The burgers here are big, juicy and loaded with all kinds of various tasty toppings.   We had the Gold Standard Burger and a Rising Sun Burger and both were delicious.  (I would bet that the other choices on the menu are just as good!)  I asked for mine as rare as they could make it and they did that to perfection. We didn't have room for dessert, so we ordered it anyway!  The 'Cow Pie', recommended by our server, was actually a small chocolate cake sitting on marshmallow and a crisp graham cracker, sort of like a Super-S'more.  Easily shared by two people, it satisfied the chocolate craving I had, at least for that day!On top of the good food, the service was friendly and helpful, the bar is cool and you are surrounded by the beautiful Cosmopolitan Hotel, so what's not to like?  Tip: If you are parking in the garage take the East Side Garage Elevator to the top and you are right there!
5	Every time we go to Vegas this place is a must to eat at. Its always the first lunch and the last lunch before we hit the road. These burgers are a good size and the shakes are amazing. Personally I get the Longhorn Burger and the Drunken Monkey which more then fills me up. Oh yeah, the shakes have alcohol which most people tend to enjoy. As far as the prices it is well worth it, you cant cut corners on quality and sservice.
4	I have been here twice now on separate trips to Vegas. Service is slow but ok and prices are reasonable (come on people, it's the strip). Burgers are sooooo delicious and the skinny fries are great! The "hen house" was a huge hit at our table :) My only complaint is that I wanted to substitute avocado for the bacon that came with my burger and they wanted to charge me. Both are priced at $2 on the "extras" menu, so I feel like reasonably, they should be able to make the substitution without charging, but hey, that's the restaurant business.
5	Omg!! Best burgers ever..had the rising sun...first bite and I was hooked!! Will come here again
5	I love this place and the cute cow theme.  They start you off with these yummy flavor packed popcorn.  Had the unspiked CAMPFIRE SMORES - Chocolate, Marshmallow, Graham Crumble.  Pretty sweet!  Noshed on some FRIED PICKLES - Dill Spears With Herb-Caper Mayo.  Grazed on some GREENER PASTURES - House Organic Greens With Tomato, Cucumber, And Avocado Tossed In Balsamic Vinaigrette.  Had the Tiny Buns CRISPY PORK BELLY BUN - Asian Flavored Wrapped In A Chinese Steamed Bun With Hoisin Sauce, Cucumber & Pea Shoots.  And the Big Buns THE FUN-GHI - Beef Patty, Roasted Portabello, Carmelized Onion, Truffle Oil, Gruyere, Frisee, Aioli.  Liked everything!  Can't wait to come back!
3	The thing that initially drew me to Holsteins was that I needed a place for dinner at the Cosmopolitan that was more budget friendly than China Poblano and Jaleo. When the bill arrived I'm not so sure we saved much, but at least our belly's were full. No particular dish my group ordered stood out as amazing 'must try.' I had the Steakhouse burger. It was good but a little too greasy for my liking. My friend ordered the Urth Burger. I had a few bites and found it quite bland. I was also disappointed that my sweet potato fries were lukewarm. The item I was most impressed with we're the onion rings. The onion was cut thick and generously battered. Logistically, I liked that they took my cell phone number and called me when our table was ready, so my group was able to have a drink in the Chandelier bar while we waited. Overall not a bad choice for dinner but also nothing to brag about.
2	As promised, I went back to try the food on this trip. Unfortunately, the burgers just didn't live up to the hype and didn't even touch the delicious burger at the Barrymore...not sure why as it is the same company. Anyway, I got the farm burger (or something...the one with the bacon and the egg). There is no reason this should not be delicious. Even when I make burgers at home with bacon and egg on them, they are delicious. This was not delicious. It was so bland and boring. I felt like I was eating a totally plain burger from like Red Robin or something. The BF got the burger sliders and said they were pretty meh. For a 30$ lunch, I would not recommend this place....definite pass....head over to the Barrymore instead.
3	Had a burger for lunch here. Cool place with lots of craft beers. We had the machete burger which was decent. The servers were really helpful and nice but the guy bar-tending was a jerk. We sat in the bar area/lounge and were told to order from the bar. When I tried to order he ignored us. Then I asked if we order from him and he said yes but to wait. So we waited about 5 min and then he tells us were gonna have to order from a server so we should talk to one of them. Say what??  Luckily, the server was really helpful and took care of us. A few minutes later I heard the guy barking at one of the servers - grumpo!!  Cool place but I had a burger at BurGR that was better. I'd go back for another try and maybe a shake. The shake options looked tasty.
5	The longhorn burger was great, and the shoestring fries were nice and crispy. Best part of the meal was the shake, Had the oreo shake which was great.
1	On Sunday the 21st April 2013 we went here before our flight home. My wife asked hostess. Politely If you could send the waitress over quickly since we had a flight to catch the  hostess ignored us  finally we flagged down the waitress. Ordered a turkey burger warped in lettuce no sauce and No mayonnaise, when the food came Burger was in a bun with lots of sauce.. nobody ever came back to check on us. At the end when we told her everything was wrong. She said oh the bun is my fault but not the sauce.. it wasn't mayonnaise WHAT.. It was mayonnaise based!!  never offered anythingWe paid and left very disappointed Won't go back
2	Way overpriced for a below average burger. I had the gold standard burger, just not that good. My friend got the salmon burger (can't remember the name for it). The best thing he could say about it was that it was edible. Service was good, and it was a nice place.
3	High priced fancy hamburgers and shakes. Tasty, but not really how I want to spend $20-30 for dinner.
4	Holstein's is conveniently located in the Cosmopolitan where we stayed. The burgers are high quality and one of the best I've had, though they are a bit pricey. Then again, everything in Vegas is expensive, so it was one of our more reasonable dining options. The service was good but slow, but then again we were with a group of 10 people. A few of us ordered the alcoholic milk shakes which were pretty awesome. Overall this is definitely a great place to check out if you're looking for a casual and reasonably priced meal on the Vegas strip!
4	Great burger joint if your staying at the Cosmo. I wasn't into spending $100+ for lunch so went here and was glad I did. Solid burgers with even better shakes.
4	Okay, so you wouldn't normally expect someone who doesn't eat burgers to go into this joint ... but my wife and I stopped by it on the way to China Poblano (on a side note, CP looks very sad and unappealing) and she made the executive decision to eat here instead. So there you have it, two people who don't eat burgers in an establishment that serves primarily burgers.So why did I rate it so highly? The shakes. Actually they're called bam-boozled shakes because they have alcohol. How can you see a TIRAMISU shake on a menu and NOT order it? It was like someone blended up a really good tiramisu with some ice cream. I could slightly taste the alcohol, which was perfect for the shake.The decor is also pretty fun. There are graffitied mascots all over the walls that make it feel like a fun and vibrant place to have lunch. My only issue is with the crazy outfits for the waitresses in the bar area. I know it's Vegas and all, but the Hooters shorts don't really go with anything else there.The food was not as good, but still reasonable. I got some crazy Kung Pao Tamale. It sounded really good, and was presented quite well. I thought the first few bites were great, but then it got tedious (and mind you it was a small dish). There was too much salt/MSG and the sauce was too sweet. Together they made for a lot of flavor at first, but just got difficult to eat after a few bites. So I'm giving it some credit because it was flavorful. I'm not sure if it was a trial dish because I don't think they're offering it anymore. My wife got the veggie burger, which was okay.Still, I will be going again next time I'm in Vegas just for some fries and a shake!
3	Sometimes being a foodie makes you do crazy things.. such as driving ~600 miles from the culinary black hole that is the Inland Empire just to grab a meal and go back home. Needless to say, having traveled purely for the purpose of eating, expectations were high for the 'Rising Sun' burger + those enticing shakes (drunken monkey).  I could see why so many praise the food but I've had much, much better elsewhere. Being raised in SoCal, i LOVE me some avocado.. but is it necessary to fry it?! AS IF YOUR ARTERIES ARENT CRYING ALREADY. If at any point in my life I felt like I would overdose off of sodium/ glucose content, it was during this sitting from that teriyaki glaze. The (virgin) Drunken Monkey was delicious, though. Had I opted for the alcoholic version of the shake, maybe I would've been happy enough to push it to a 4!
5	Burgers were excellent, cooked to perfection. Good service and good shakes.
4	Loooooooved the shake. Maybe it's because shakes are forbidden and I never have them so this one was mind blowing to me but no I think it was just mind blowing in general. Got the Almond Joy. Nutty and coconutty and chocolatey and wow.... couldn't ingest it fast enough. Burgers were good. Very good. Mine was a little overcooked (really funny coming from me seeing as how I used to eat my burgers like gray pucks but not anymore and this was cooked through when it was supposed to be medium) Only reason it's not 5 star is because in LA there's a place called juicy burger where you can pretty much make your own Hen Burger and it tastes EXACTLY the same (quality and quantity of beef) BUT it's a $5 dollar burger there not 15....so I mean when in Rome....it's not a ridiculous sum for the location. Definitely would go back and service was great
4	Forget Five Guys, Fatburger, and the like.  Go Holsteins or go home.  As an artist, I enjoyed the funky ambiance and decor but the food made it all the more delish.
4	$20 burgers, female bartenders, waitresses in cartoon-themed tshirt, super short shorts and knee high socks. Hmm.. who does this restaurant cater for?None the less, the two burgers I have had here has been uber yommy.  The bun is super soft. Got to be steamed.  Medium-well came out with a slight pink tinge. Which it never does when I order medium well. I order the burger to go knowing I had 20 mins to get to the airport. I gnaw on my nails nervously as 15 mins ticked by. The female bartender checked once and said it will be out in a minute. When 5 mins ticked by, she sent another bartender back to the kitchen and he came out with my burger. Hurrah for nice service
3	Pretty good. I've been here twice. The second time, it was the last meal of our trip and I needed to start my detox. Ordered a salad with the ahi tuna. Uhh, i got like 2 pieces of tuna on my salad. No, like two bites. Although, the shakes were really tasty. I liked the oreo one (non-alcoholic one).
4	I love foie gras and they serve foie gras with kobe beef and truffle oil (billionaire burger)... It's SOOOO good. It's a must have if you're in Vegas. Close to $30 for  a burger tho. hahaAlso had the lobster mac and cheese... they give you hella lobster! really good. Matchstick fries were good too. The quesadilla was a miss.Didn't get to try the shake... it's prolly for the better. Don't need to eat anymore than I already did haha.
5	I friggin' loved Holsteins so much. I had an amazing burger and an even more amazing milkshake. The burger I got was The Rising Sun -- Kobe Beef, Teriyaki Glaze,  Nori Furikake, Crispy Yam, Spicy Mayo, and Tempura Avocado (I think this is what reeled me in). How amazing does that sound? The shoestring fries it came with were delicious, too. I think my favorite part about my Holsteins experience was the (boozy) milkshake I got. I got The Fat Boy (go figure) -- Stoli Salted Karamel Vodka, Reese's, pretzels, sprinkles, and chocolate-caramel popcorn. Guys, when I say this is the best milkshake I've ever had, I mean it. I have dreams about it. OK, not really, but I hope I'm making myself clear about how amazing it was. I don't think I could go to Vegas and not come to Holsteins for another milkshake and burger. Also, my friends and I started with the buffalo chicken dip, which was just as amazing as everything else. Not only was the food absolutely delicious, the service was so speedy and our server was really nice. Cool upscale diner-like atmosphere as well. We came here for a more low key dinner (dined in our bathing suits), but this place would be good for (a big) lunch, too. Just amazing all around. This place is a must when you're in Vegas.
3	We travelled all of the way to Vegas, to see one of the most famous Canadians in concert, that being Celine Dion.  A burger destination is a perfect post concert treat.  That being said, there is a plethora of burger joints in town.  After sifting through many Yelp pages, Holsteins looked legit.  Like many places in this town they are open late.  We made a reservation which was handy, because this place was packed.  After being seated, we looked at the extensive drink list.  They had an impressive mix of beer, wine, and cocktails.  I had looked at the menu ahead of time, which is helpful, because the shear size of this menu was slightly intimidating.  I went with the the steakhouse burger, which was a Beef Patty Crusted With Black Pepper, Holsteins Creamy Steak Sauce, Marmalade Onions, Tomato Confit, Wild Mushrooms, Swiss Cheese, for $17.50.  The burger arrived, and biting into it, it was cooked medium rare, and just beyond juicy.  As wonderful and flavourful the patty was, i felt that the toppings got muddled together.  I wish that they omitted one or two components, that way the selected ingredients could be shown off, instead of hidden in the background.  All of the burgers come with shoestring or steakhouse fries.  I respect the extra effort they put out, by not just offering pedestrian fries.  We sampled both, and they were crispy, and perfectly salted.   Overall, the atmosphere was young and fun, and the burger was great, however by choosing to eat on the strip, you are paying way more than at a similar restaurant off the strip.
4	Wonderful burgers! Grabbed a Billionaire Burger to kill the craving for  Foie Gras and Kobe. It was exquisite! Full bar is available. The place gets busy so just submit your name and they will text when a table is available. This joint is next to the Marquee - talent everywhere.
4	Billionaire burger really good with froie gras. Sweet potato fries so-so.
3	Holsteins round two!First round didn't go well at all....long wait for the table (1hr), long wait for the food (45min), long wait for the dessert (20min)....food was overcooked and not amazing. Crazy loud club like atmosphere. Was it a fluke? Everyone else seems to love this place!So round two...Came in on a Tuesday night with a reservation...not needed. Sat down and ordered fairly quickly. Never received the comp popcorn. Got the food, perfectly cooked, but never checked on. Had to request for refills twice. I was given the bill WITHOUT being asked if we wanted dessert (we did)....not even sure if I got a thank you.  I asked the server for a milkshake recommendation, (they make all shakes virgin if requested), and was told about the twinkie cake. I presumed it was a twinkie shake, so when it came out, I sent it back and ordered something else...with her giving me attitude and wondering why there was a problem.  If I was rating off service alone, this time would have been a solid 1 star.The Billionaire Burger : Kobe Beef, Foie Gras, Port Onion Marmalade, Frisee, and Truffle Mayo :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/holsteins-shakes-and-buns-las-vegas?select=iOZrBKX9_IEsZ1XM96Is-Q#iOZrBKX9_IEsZ1XM96Is-QThis was a great hamburger, with a nice and thick slice of foie gras! The onions added a nice consistency and taste, but I didn't really notice the truffle mayo. The burgers here were coming apart as well, and it didn't pack the punch I've had elsewhere in town, but good overall! I'd say it might be a #5-6 on my scale!  4 stars!Finished with a shake...Drunken Monkey (Virgin) : Reese's, Banana, Malt and (Frangelico) :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/holsteins-shakes-and-buns-las-vegas?select=iOZrBKX9_IEsZ1XM96Is-Q#l-ZlqgtrX8S_Fv23awrmZwSuper good! Way better than the Oreo shake we had last time!  They also served us the extras with a little cup, so Little Foodie Dude could share with me!  Very thoughtful of them...Solid 4 stars! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/holsteins-shakes-and-buns-las-vegas?select=iOZrBKX9_IEsZ1XM96Is-Q#iQ1ktxKe_pjjehy9ENGqrQThere ARE better burgers in town! But you can still have a great time at Holsteins...just hope you get a better server than I did!
3	4 STARS for food, convenience and quick service!2 STARS for price and value.Holstein's is a convenient after Marquee Pool Party stop, definitely shareable burgers or big enough to fill a single person up. The burgers were juicy, and they offer a diverse array of cocktails, beers, and milkshakes! I liked that you could grab a seat without waiting in any lines, and that the service was polite and quick.* Hen House ($15) - 4.5 STARS: Beef With Fried Egg, Bacon, Lettuce, Tomato And Onion With Mustard & Ketchup. This was probably my favorite burger, even though it is so simple. Ordered medium rare, ofcourse.* The Longhorn ($17) - 3.5 STARS: Beef Patty Topped With Texas Smoked Beef Brisket, Whiskey BBQ Sauce, Creamy Cole Slaw & Dill Pickle. I thought for sure this would take the cake, but there was alot going on. Sometimes simple is the best way to go.* Truffle Lobster Mac n Cheese ($16.5) - 4 STARS: Creamy Tallegio-Mascarpone Sauce With Maine Lobster And Black Truffle. This was uber cheesy and truffly. Kind of expensive for the size but a nice small plate to share.
4	went for lunch today.  $98 + tip for 3 of us.  easy to find inside the Cosmo.  ordered two milkshakes (they were just OK and didn't live up to the "hype"), onion rings, two burgers, and the vegan burger.  my vegan burger was homemade, but i've had better in Portland.  fries were average.  dinner salad was average.  so why four stars?  atmosphere and great service.  it felt like we had our own personal waiter (mycole).  he was very attentive.  he explained the menu after he found out we'd never been before.  would I go back?  uh, I guess.  but for the $$ we could have done better.  overall, worth a visit.  my hubby said his burger was THE BEST he'd ever had.
4	The perfect burger?Yes. The perfect toppings? Yes. The perfect place to hang with friends or your significant other? Most definitely. Service.... ok. It's ok. I mean the bigger the group the bigger tip so maybe that's it, but the smaller the group is still 20% if the service is good. I go here every year and it's always multiple times when I'm here and it's always great. The burgers are always cooked to perfection and the quality for the cost is awesome. I can't say enough good things about this place, with adult shakes and delicious appetizers why not go back?!Food, A+; Service B-; Atmosphere AEnjoy!
4	My milkshake brings all the boys to the yard....Delicious spiked milkshakes!? I'm there! My friends had a couple of these, which can be kind of filling. We ended up splitting 2 burgers between 3 girls and loved that each burger came with fries - split regular fries and sweet potato fries -- scrum-diddly-umptious!Burgers were nice and juicy and had amazing toppings on them. We had the Gold Standard and the Fun-Ghi, both which were great!I also liked the quirky decor. Would recommend making reservations if you're going at a busy time.
5	One of the best burgers I've ever had.
2	We went at lunch time and they brought a small basket of dry, cold, tasteless popcorm to the table... one bite and we left the rest.Next we shared lobster roll sliders - the hot dog buns were toasted, but left to cool and became dry - the lobster salad was finely chopped... I suspect claw meat... flavorless - I've had better lobster salad at a supermarket deli counter.Finally the $17.50 burger (plus a $2 upcharge for onion rings.  The onions rings were described by our waiter as "lightly battered and lightly fried"... they were heavily breaded and overcooked.  The toppings on the burger were tasty, but the Kobe burger was smallish, dry and overcooked... Kobe should have a decent amount of fat due to marbling, but this one did not.Bottom line - overpriced ($48 plus tip for the roll, burger and one glass of house wine) run-of-the-mill food and, although the service was good, we will not be back, nor will we recommend.
3	I ate here with my boss and the food was good.  Its just a burger bar that offers expensive milkshakes.  The miklkshakes brought me to the yard but the price sent me home.  Over priced hamburgers and shakes.
4	I went to Vegas for MDW and this place was just what we needed for a hangover brunch. You must get the Oreo Malt (we got virgin and it was still bomb). The service was great but beware of the one bathroom! I got the ahi sliders which were eh but my friend got the Greek burger which was delicious. Beware of the lobster mac n cheese.... it was very fish tasting and tiny but still good! If you get the spicy beef salad, just know, it's drenched in dressing so you probably want to get it on the side!
4	You must try a "spiked" shake!  Nice casual atmosphere with excellent service.
4	I thought this place would be over hyped but I was pleasantly surprised! The restaurant is located on the second floor of Cosmo, right across from Marquee entrance. It is pretty spacious inside with plenty of tables. We were seated immediately and the service was quick yet friendly. They provide complimentary popcorn which was nice to munch on while we waited for our food to arrive. I shared a Rising Sun burger and a Tiramisu milkshake. Both were incredibly delicious!!! The burger came out just the way we wanted, but the restaurant doesn't cut the burger in half for you. It's a little inconvenient but I guess it makes sense since it would ruin the presentation of some burgers. We ordered the burger with a side of steak cut fries, which were basically potato wedges and not steak fries. Just a heads up for those steak fries lovers out there! The milkshake also tasted a lot like a tiramisu cake!! I would recommend splitting a shake since they are HUGE. The menu items are a little pricey but it didn't seem to bad when I split a burger and a shake. The shake is really heavy so unless I plan on skipping a burger (which I would never do) I would definitely split it.
2	50 minutes to get a burger!This was basically only sit-in restaurant at Cosmo we could get our last minute reservation so we went.  The receptionist was friendly and the place had a fun vibe (and it has cute decor).  All was good until we found ourselves starting to death because it took forever to get our food.  Food:Tiramisu shake was rich and yummy.  Oreo shake was good too, but it didn't really have enough alcohol.  People at the table agreed that it was a waste to pay extra for an alcoholic shake.  Gold standard burger was well put together.  Meat was cooked just the way I asked for.  Sweet potato fries I paid extra 2 dollars for was far less satisfying.  It was bland.  Not crispy enough.  Blah altogether.  What a waste of $2.   Vegas has too many places to eat to return to this overpriced burger joint.
3	I had high hopes for this place. I will for sure try again as I only one burger and a few tastes of  others. Not a fan of the bun on the burger. Too much bread! Our waiter and company was amazing so that made it a great experience =)
5	I am a burger kind of girl. Always have been. Since I was small. So, I've eaten a lotttt of burgers in my day. And every time I come to Vegas, I always suggest coming to Holsteins. It has to be in my top 3 burgers of all time.  Love this place!!! Their meat patties are just the right about of juicy (geez, salivating thinking about it). Not sure if its high fat content or what, but I really don't care, it's too good. Cheese is perfectly melted. If you are a mushroom fan, definitely check out the Funghi burger. Freakin' awesome. The fries are the right width and the right amount of crispy. Also, their shakes are great! Vegas is all about the booze. It's not too strong and you can't really taste the alcohol (I had the Drunkin' Monkey), but I could tell it was there. That's the sign of a good drink, haha. Prices are a bit high for a burger - but it's Vegas - what'd you expect?  Besides, win it all back at the tables. Good luck! **If you're not that hungry or don't want to be super full, split a burger and a shake. :)
4	I had a few dinners here and have yet to be disappointed. Imaginative, nouveaux-burger creations, a good selection of (pseudo-)artisanal beers, bam-boozled milk-shakes for adults - what's not to like?I'll definitely be back for a casual (yet decent) dinner or two.
5	I ordered fries and the drunken monkey shake.  You can never go wrong w/ fries, and the drunken monkey was a hit!  Yum!
4	Burger joints are a dime a dozen now. But I went with what Yelp suggested and the reviews were on the money! I couldn't not get a shake. Seriously, even after a day of drinking. Even though I knew it could potentially be a bad idea later. I had to get a shake! I mean, it's in the name! So I settled on the Campfire S'Mores shake (Smirnoff Marshmallow Vodka, Chocolate, Marshmallow, Graham Crumble). It was not an easy choice, but i was very happy after the first sip. I sampled the Birthday Cake one (which I wavered between) and felt that the S'Mores one definitely had more flavor. At $11 a pop, it's not cheap, but I do appreciate they give you a tin with extra shake in it!For dinner I knew right away I wanted The Fun-Ghi (Beef Patty, Roasted Portabello, Carmelized Onion, Truffle Oil, Gruyere, Frisee, Aioli). It was pretty awesome! I hate when you order a mushroom burger and there's barely any mushrooms. Thankfully there were plenty, and it was marinated to perfection. Plus, the fries weren't too shabby either. For $16.5, it's a pricey burger, but hey, it's Vegas baby! For a casual evening I think this is just the right place to dine. Plus, you can get a hearty meal in before things get too crazy!
5	Kobe burgers, delicious milkshakes and fun decor, oh my!  A carnivore's delight!First time trying their super tender Billionaire Burger that has Kobe patty in it and it was amazing!  It just melts in your mouth and doesn't require so much chewing!  Order that with their finely, thick batter-fried up onion rings and creamy, freshly made milkshake so it will be the perfect combo!Service was good, but DJ music was played too loud during the late night hours!  I couldn't hear myself!  Well, then again, I guess it is Vegas after all so this place has to be loud to get some ratchet attention!
4	Great burger place at Cosmo hotel on the strip!kobe classic was awesome! Love the sliders too!
4	Another amazingly fatty dining experience at Holstein's. It was a no holds barred eating kinda night. Sat at the bar and had a cute and friendly server. She was suggestive, but definitely not pushy.  Stangely, the hostesses -- yes the first people you come across when you approach a restaurant -- were slightly haughty, slightly bitchy, or at the very least ignored me pretty well. And that rarely ever happens at any restaurant.Anyway, got myself the Foie gras burger, sweet potato fries and a capn crunch (cereal bowl) shake.Devoured everything. So rich and delicious, and I sure felt it afterwards!!
3	Tasty, overpriced, terrible service. Welcome to Las Vegas!This place typifies the Las Vegas burger, minus the In-and-Out down the street (which we traveled to twice, didn't come back to Holsteins).I get it, arugula is fancy, it's not worth a $15 burger though. Service was terrible, waited about 20 minutes for a table, being the first party on a non-existent, no-names last. Then, hostess: "oh, someone just took that table that opened up. Sorry!" ... wait, what exactly is your job here? Anyhow... sat at the bar due to hungry, takes forever to get anything ordered, and bartender literally stops attending to respond to someone else's commentary on something or other. Worthless service.I dunno. I mean. Burgers people. Not $20, not $30. You'll probably spend like $50 for 2 burgers and a beer. I can't do it. I'm in the wrong city. But, In-and-Out is down the street! Under $10 for two to eat, and way better service than Holsteins. Fail.Good food though.Thanks for listening!
5	Since we were a bit pressed for time, we ate in the bar which serves the entire menu.  My group of 5 each ordered different burgers and everyone tried them all - ultimately everyone thinking their burger was the best LOL.  But really, mine was the best - I got the Asian burger (don't remember name)...it was divine.  Fries and rings are great.  Grown up milkshakes were awesome.  Definitely coming here again!
4	A great place for an original burger with a twist! Solid burgers, quality ingredients, and great play on classic burgers. The alcohol milkshakes are a fun pairing to your burger. The menu is reasonable priced, and the atmosphere is very comfortable. Staff is enjoyable, happy, and stand behind their food. Great craft beer and cocktails. A must try for those that enjoy burgers with a fun spin!
4	Decided to try out this place because I was craving for sweets. I ordered the campfire s'mores booze shake.  It has a hint of vodka which was barely noticeable. The shake was really good in the sense that it wasn't too sweet but yet still very flavorful.  I will be back to try the kobe beef burger next time along with some of their other shakes.I also love the interior decor and the setup of the restaurant.  It's a fun and entertaining place to just hang out.
5	From the service to the burgers everything is top-notch! The Fatboy shake was the best of the four we had. The burgers were cooked perfectly, and tasted awesome!
4	Wonderful art and yummy food. My boyfriend and I split the Ahi Tuna Sliders, Billion Dollar Burger with sweet potatoes fries and a mint milk shake. The service was slow  and it is a bit pricey but the atmosphere was nice. I am still not sure if foie gras should be in a burger, but it was tasty and I quickly devoured my half. Love the sliders, the little buns were soft and fluffy and the sauce was a great compliment to the dish. My mint shake was awesome, I couldn't taste the alcohol and it gave me a little buzz, but I am not sure if $11 is worth it. All in all pricey but good... use comps if you got 'em.
5	Love this place. Pork belly rocks.
4	Keep it simple and you'll be impressed.  Go with the Classics and beer and the sweet potato fries.  Unless you're trying to impress someone.  Then ask for lots of napkins.My burger was cooked perfectly and the beer was fresh and cold.  Can't ask for more.Service, well, I guess it depends on the mood of your server.
5	PHENOMENAL. I have been here twice and tried nearly all of the appetizers and many different burgers and shakes. I have never been disappointed. Their food is classic American with a modern twist. (lobster mac n cheese anyone?) YUM. Their menu Is ever changing and always exciting and delicious, and the shakes. oh those shakes. I went with a large group of people and we all ordered different flavors so we could sample all of them. holy crap were they deliciously amazing. I Love this place.
5	Chain restaurant in Cosmopolitan hotel. Fungi burger was awesome. Chicken carbonara was delic too. Would go back!
4	So expensive but so good! I walked up around 2pm by myself and was able to find a seat at the bar right away, avoiding a 40 minute long line. It's on the 2nd floor of the Cosmo.I ordered the Rising Sun burger and a Grasshopper shake. Service was very fast and friendly.The burger was super rich in flavor but you have to make sure you bite where the sauce is! The fries were wonderful and the shake was so good.
5	I'm surprised by the disparity in reviews.  I guess this means that service and quality of food is not always consistent at Holsteins.  However, we went on Monday night this week around 630pm.  We were worried there would be a huge wait, but it only took a couple of minutes to get seated.  We were pretty hungry so once we were seated we ordered both onion rings and fried pickles.  I've never had fried pickles and while they were tasty, I don't think its something I would order again.  I liked the crunchy onion rings...just lamented that there were so many!  The food runner who brought them out proudly announced that he tried to stack them as high as they could.  Really though?  It was LOT and there were only 3 of us!  I had to decide whether I wanted to drink my calories or eat them, and I decided in favor of chewing versus sipping.  I passed on the adult milkshakes, though many of them looked tempting.  I ordered the fun-ghi burger which was really delicious.  Piping hot burger, with yummy mushrooms and cheese.  It was a great combination.  Everyone else at the table enjoyed their burgers as well.  I ordered sweet potato fries with this burger, but seriously?  Who could eat that when the burgers filled you up!  This is a really great little spot and  although you pay more than you would for an average burger, we all felt this was way above the average.  Definitely worth the money and experience.  Give it a try!  It's on my repeat list for my next Vegas visit in October.
4	Keep it simple and you'll be impressed. Go with the Classics or the Kobe with potato chips and beer and the sweet potato fries. Unless you're trying to impress someone. Then ask for lots of napkins.My burger was cooked perfectly and the beer was fresh and cold. Can't ask for more.Service, well, I guess it depends on the mood of your server. I visited this place when I was attending a conference in June this year.
2	OMG super disappointed like no other.FYI: came here at night and they card you to get in. super loud music. if you come at night they only serve the late night menu which is a total bummer.Ordered:*we order shoe string fries. i have had them before many many times in my life time. yelpers even posted pictures of shoe string fries that they have ordered from here. however apparently the fries that came out looked like regular sized fries. when i asked the server stated yes they are shoe string fries. i must be born yesterday! for reals that was strike number one! *we ordered a holsteins beef $12. the menu said tiny bun. which makes us think its a small burger. comes to find out that what they meant by that is sliders. when asked. the waitress stated: it was all they had. seriously. thanks for the heads up! honestly, good service= please brief your customers on what they are ordering. especially when you have asked them if it was their first time and their answer was yes. lacked in flavor. nothing that made me go YUM or OoOoooo. mcdonald's have better burgers.*bucket of buffalo wings $13. one of the worst wings i've had as well. tyson frozen buffalo wings are even better than this. this item was not even finished. if you order this ask for a side of buffalo sauce to dip it in. observation: saw staff standing around talking by the register thing. made me think of resturant stakeout. i wished he would've been recording the staff because that's totally unprofessional.thoughts:*love the unique decor. its really cool. *service was just poor. i even left a comment on their comment card.*never coming back! *overly priced items.*presentation wise was decent. tips:*credit card and cash accepted.*tons of seating area. they just might not have enough staff so they'll make you wait awhile.*there's a bar area.*located in the cosmopolitan hotel.
4	Someone told me that Holsteins is the best burger in Vegas. Yes, the burgers are delicious, but no, I do not believe this place is the best.Being a HUGE fan of burgers, I've been to many burger joints and restaurants, and have been searching for the perfect burger. Holsteins was pretty damn good, but not the top of the top. I ordered the campfire s'mores shake, which is the most amazing shake I have ever had. The alcohol in the shake was very subtle, and the shake was just.. perfect. no other words.The lobster mac and cheese- pieces of lobster with mac and cheese and truffle oil. As a big fan of truffle oil, this dish was perfect for me. So far, so good.Then the burgers- the gold standard and the billionaire.I hate blue cheese, so had only regular cheddar cheese with the gold standard. It was a good burger, the ingredients were paired well and I was satisfied.The billionaire burger- wgayu and foie gras- was ok. Because foie gras was banned in California, it was a must that we got that burger. However, the burger was a bit dry, and did not meet up to par. On the other hand, service was up to par, the lady was very nice and came around to check up on us often. I would definitely come back for Holsteins for the shakes, that was the highlight of the meal. For Vegas standards, this place is decently good, although I expected something better.
3	The food here  is pretty good. I feel that the burgers a dollar or two above their worth, but hey you're on the Vegas strip and that's what you pay if you want something besides Mc Ds. they have spike Milk shakes so if you're an alcoholic or like alcohol then you may like this place. I want to thank the bartender for asking me if I wanted it with alcohol or not.I ordered the Billionaire buger. It's a burger named after one of the owners (i'm assuming bill). it's priced accurately for a burger with foie gras and it comes with fries. I can't accurately rate the burger because I ate it at the hotel and didn't have a chance to taste it as soon as it was made ( I wanted to share with my friends). Over all I like the burger, but I think I kinda over paid.  The burger was good, but it wasn't roll back your eye OMFG WTF BBQ good.
4	I really wanted to give Holsteins a 5 star rating but their pork belly bun was just a big letdown for me. I had the fun-ghi burger with the fried egg and it was good. My wife and I also had the redneck poppers (which was ok) and calamari. Service was awesome. Our server was very attentative and very knowledgeable about the menu and drinks.
5	Awesome shakes and burgers! Got one with Reese's and pretzels amazing! Funghi burger was awesome as was the classic. Turkey and veggie burgers were just ok! Sweet potato fries were fabulous. Would definitely come back!
4	There was 7 of us and we wanted a table to sit down in the back and they told us it was going to be a 40 minute wait. I didn't understand why the told us that time frame because more than half of the tables in the back were empty. That annoyed me a bit, but when we finally sat down to eat it made up for the weird part.The burgers were delicious. Large portions, came with fries, and I wasn't able to finish my meal. Even so, I still ordered one of their alcoholic milkshakes, the chunky monkey...? The shake was really good too. I wasn't expecting them to give the metal cup where the shake was blended in and usually where half the shake was in too, but they did. the alcohol was very subtle and it tasted amazing. I was extremely happy at the end of the meal.
3	We stopped by Holsteins for dinner hoping that it would be a more casual and faster dining experience than some of the other options in the area. Maybe I haven't looked hard enough, but there are very few fast casual dining options near the City Center that don't involve sandwiches or hot dogs. Anyway, it was a Tuesday night. Even though place was pretty dead, service was spotty. Our server wasn't super friendly, but she got the job done. Our food came out pretty quickly. I ordered the Urth Burger, which is their vegan burger. It was fine. The patty was thick and moist. My only complaint is that the burger itself was a bit dry. It was supposed to come with avocado, but there was only a light green schmear on one of the buns. The boy ordered the traditional burger. He seemed to love it. He pretty much devoured the whole thing. Both the orders came with fries. He got the natural cut fries and I ordered the sweet potato fries. When the fries first came out, there were cold and soggy. We sent them back to the kitchen and got a new batch. His natural cut fries were way better than the sweet potato fries. My sweet potato fries were cut too thin, so most of the fries were overcooked and burnt. Prices are typical of places in Vegas. For our two burgers and a shake, we spent nearly $40, not including tip. If this place were back in Austin, I'd probably never go again, but since it's Vegas, I guess it gets a pass.
4	We sat at the bar to grab a quick lunch bite. Our bartender was very friendly and had great suggestions. Lobster mac n cheese is awesome. The bucket of buffalo wings were a hit or miss, some pieces were dry and others perfectly cooked. Not sure how that gets done if it goes into the fryer all at the same time, but oh well it did. Didn't get a chance to try their shakes, but they have a pretty decent selection of beers and wine. There was one red wine in particular, with a funky/artsy label from Italy, that i can't remember the name of, but it was very palatable. If i'm in Vegas again i'll be sure to make a pit stop to try some other stuff.
3	I have passed this place so many times and had read all the great reviews and was super excited when I finally made it on my last Vegas trip!!! However, I was kind of disappointed. My friend who doesn't write reviews however is a hugeeeee foodie was disappointed too.We tried the Billionaire burger, Gold Standard, Truffle lobster Mac n Cheese, onion rings and the complimentary seasoned popcorn. At the end of the meal the only items we enjoyed most was the onion rings, fries and the popcorn. The seasoning on the popcorn is really good. We wanted to asked for more. Hehe. The burgers aren't worth the price and I've had better in LA (i.e. Fathers Office). Sorry Holsteins, you were worth a try.
5	Looks to be just your standard restaurant, but inside are things that make you go Mmm. Hen House Burger is phenomenal. Simple concept of adding an egg to a burger, we've seen it before but Holstein's does it right. Expect to make a mess with this one.The Steakhouse Burger with a peppered patty, steak sauce - and other perfectly combined ingredients - was mind-blowing too.  I couldn't make a decision to which burger was best. Each time I had one bite of one and then the other, I said "this one is best!".  They were both that good. And the fries were equally as good - some crispy, some soft - great flavor. The boyfriend and I agree this place is on our list of Top 5 burgers (probably Top 3 for me!).  Captain Crunch Shake with vodka ... if you like Captain Crunch you'll love this! I wanted to try it based on the waitress's recommendation. No regrets, but I'll go with something that has chocolate in it next time - and there WILL be a next time.Alcoholic beverages are stiff, service was quick (but also, I went pretty late), and the waitress was down to earth.
3	My primary goal in going to this restaurant was to have a place to take my four kids that they would enjoy and that also served great food. My kids were happy but at the end I was wanting more.  When you are first seated you are given a bucket of popcorn.  The seasoning on it was amazing, full of flavor.  The corn they delivered us that night was a little on the burnt side.  The meal arrived and while the burger was good, the fries were just ordinary.  I know you can upgrade your fries, I would suggest this if you go.  I ordered the Gold Standard, no complaints, but I have had better.    My kids ordered the chicken fingers and mini burgers off of the kids menu.  They were all overcooked, chicken fingers were burnt on the ends, hard and dark brown.  Mimi burger was too over done for my 6 year old.  The most amazing part of the meal was the shake which is the only reason this restaurant got three stars instead of two.  We ordered the S'mores shake without alcohol.  The marshmallow on top of the shake was worth the trip alone.  The whipped cream on the shake was equally amazing. If you were anywhere except Las Vegas this would be way too expensive a meal for a hamburger and shake.  However, the high cost is just paying the rent at the trendy Cosmopolitan Hotel.I would most definitely go back for a shake, but would pass on the rest of the meal.
4	Yummy! Lobster Mac was full of chunky lobster, rich and buttery.  The candy store was fun! My 15 year old loved it.
5	What more can I say...delicious burger cooked medium rare and ahi tuna slider made it for me. Best burger and tuna dish I've tasted in a while.
5	We stopped in here for drinks. They have a fun and interesting drink menu. My boyfriend got the birthday cake shake with cake vodka. I'm lactose intolerant so I could only have a little sip. Wow, it was amazing. I got the red velvet. It's Guinness with chambord. It was so good! This was the perfect spot to take a break from shopping in the cosmopolitan.
2	I had the Nom Nom Burger- it was okay, that's about it.  I think I might have enjoyed a quarter pounder with cheese slightly more.  I had the onion rings- they tasted pretty good, but I was immediately ill after eating them.  No one else I was dining with got sick and I was the only one to eat onion rings- maybe the batter was bad, but I had an immediate date with the bathroom.Otherwise, the service was slightly less than what I expect in Vegas and the restaurant was incredibly loud.  I know, this makes me sound old and cranky, but the noise factor made the dining experience less than pleasurable.  I probably wouldn't go back.
3	Hostess: friendly and prompt, she took down my info and told me they would text when a table was ready. That's an awesome feature. Who wants to stand in front of Holsteins for 30 min when you can grab a drink and sit in the sports book?! I received the text, although we snagged a spot at the bar before it came. Food:Truffle lobster mac n cheese ($16.50 - creamy tallegio-marscapone sauce w/ Maine lobster and black truffle) was a fail. Two bartenders told us is was their fave dish on the menu. Unfortunately, the joy only lasted for two bites. It tasted like a good mac n cheese that got drowned in truffle oil before it was sent out. That first bite is so rich and then you get that thick oil aftertaste. Boo. We left half of it there and I refuse to have anything with truffle oil for the next month {---- not trueNom Nom Burger ($16.50 - Kobe beef, cheddar cheese, potato chips, 1000 island) is a hard item to review. On one hand, the beef was realllllly good. Flavorful, moist, cooked to a perfect medium. On the other hand, the toppings added 0. My theory is they need to triple what they put on top the burger. When you serve a thick burger you need equally thick toppings, otherwise you get one bite toppings and then three bites beef....repeat. Conceptually awesome, it failed to execute.Drinks:Ginger Julie ($13 - muddled mint & lemon, canadian whiskey, ginger ale) had no bite. Rhubarb Pie Bam-Boozled Shake ($11 - Absolut hibiscus, rhubarb compote, cornmeal crumble) was delicious...but again, lacked any bite. Should you be getting drunk off of milkshakes? Probably not, but it's a hella good way to go out, no?!Would I come back here? Yep. Would I order differently? Yep. Will I finally end this review? Sure.
4	The Nom Nom Burger. Kobe beef, cheddar cheese, potato chips, 1000 Island Dressing, for $17. It caught my eye right away, the second I was handed a menu in the adorably cartoon-ish dining room. You get the option to sit on these couches as well, but I like my tables to be a little higher than my knees.My burger came out perfectly medium rare and the meat was this excellent quality. My burger tasted a little like a fancy In n Out burger, but with potato chips, which really weren't that weird in a burger. I wasn't the hugest fan of the cheddar, but everything else was great.We weren't in the mood for an alcoholic shake, so we shared the birthday cake shake sans alcohol, which came with cake bits, vanilla ice cream, and sprinkles. Still delicious, even without alcohol.Holsteins is definitely a gem!
4	hubbie likes the tacos here better
3	alcoholic shakes! yes sign me up. A bunch of my friends tried different ones and they were all happy with their food. I had a beer, but the burger was good. I was stuffed and satisfied. The burger was good, but didn't have the WOW factor most ppl look forward to in a vegas restaurant. For the best burger... you might need to step off the strip.
3	Average. Burger was fine, but not exceptional. Moderate selection, but nothing inventive... They just throw a couple "Kobe"s, "sirloin"s, and "fried egg"s in to try to make it sound fancy, but at the end of the day it's still just a standard good burger. Fries were sub par. Service wasn't bad but it could have been better.
4	This place was Cool!Good food with a DJ
4	I don't get excited about the burger wars.  By and large, it has been one disappointment  after another, the latest being Slater 50/50.  That is why I was really surprised by the flavor bomb dropped on me by this place.  Hands down, one of the best burgers ever.  The meat was beefy (almost grass-fed) and the potato bun was perfection, easily holding its shape.  4 stars there.  Unfortunately, the fries were a tad undercooked and a bit soggy.
5	I had to write an update to my review of Holstein's because it was even better the second time around!  Everything from start to finish was amazing, and we ordered a lot of stuff.  Even the complimentary popcorn tasted great and was not as over saturated with oil as my first visit here.  What really stole the show for me though was the Rising Sun burger.  It was the best thing that I ate in Vegas during my most recent visit, and I am salivating just thinking about it as I write this review.  I also shared sides of sweet potato fries, onion rings, and fried pickles with my wife, and I loved them all.  I was so glad that we came back to eat at Holstein's again when we were in Las Vegas, because it was my favorite meal of our trip.  I can't wait to come back here again soon!
3	I really had high hopes for this place, as its highly rated here as well as some magazines and Internet articles. We had a very short wait to get in, which was fine....but when we did get in there we tons of tables open so that was a bit weird. Didn't really bother me though. We ordered the fried pickles to start and I then got the Fun-ghi. This is a burger I would typically get. My husband guessed that's what I'd order. It just missed the mark for me. It was a little too well done and lacked flavor. My husband got the El Machete and really liked it. I had checked in on four square which gave me a free beer, so I ordered that with my waiter. He ended up forgetting about it, which I really didn't care about it and wasn't going to say anything. When he came back to ask if we wanted dessert he realized he had forgotten it. I said it was fine and didnt need it but he went and got it for me in a to go cup which was really nice of him. I wrote another review for Burgr that we went to the next night. I preferred Burgr over Holsteins, but I might give them another chance if I'm out here again. Service was very nice and friendly.
4	had the burger with beef brisket and it was delicious. There were at least 3 other burgers i wanted to try.  the wings for an app were real buffalo wing style so i like that. and their onion rings were soo good. i would definitely recommend
4	Pricey like mostly everything on the strip, but a good value. Had a burger w a lettuce wrap (didn't know it would be so slippery, the steam from the burger condensed on the lettuce). Tasty and filling even without the bun. Fries are delish. The place has some bad reviews but it's probably a hit or miss experience.Didn't try the shakes but wish I had. Definitely give it a try.
4	The burgers here are bomb. Super juicy and flavorful. I got the nom nom burger and it was great. meat was cooked just right. Comes with a bunch of fries too. The shakes were good but I wished I hadn't gotten it with alcohol because I could taste it. They weren't strong enough to get me buzzed but they were strong enough to affect the taste. I wish I had gotten an non alcoholic one. Service was okay here. Servers created on you every now and then. My only complaint is that our booth was wet. The people that used it before us might have spilled or something. Either way, the seats felt wet and we had to ask for a towel. Seating and Service was quick. Got there, ate, and finished within an hour. This place does not take reservations on weekends and holidays. Hours are open late. Its located right next to the escalators near chandeliers.
2	Very disappointed with our meal and the service. It's a new menu so there are kinks to be worked out, but it besides the beef the burger was a mess. Also, my drink was screwed up. I was willing to put up with the noise and crowd but they've really fallen off their game.
5	WOW! The Urth (Vegan) burger was just great! When I asked our server if the Veg patty was good, he said it was the best in the country. Hmmmm, I thought...I've had many Veg burgers and wanted to be the judge of that! ...He was right! It really was a great patty that didn't fall apart all over my plate like some other places and it was seasoned quite well. I got this burger with fries, which were great too. Although I was quite full, I just had to try the Oreo Milkshake made with Bailey's Irish Cream and YUM it was really great! The service was great, the restaurant is busy and exciting, and the food is super yummy! I want to try the vanilla twinkie cake next time! Tip: Don't search for the hashtag #holsteins on instagram....as you will find a bunch of baby cows, mama cows, and cute cows of all ages!! Holstein is a kind of cow, and a REALLY cute kind at that! Fortunately, I had the Urth burger so no guilt here
5	I know this place is known for their Burgers, but my sister and I didn't want to have a burger so I decided to we should try some appetizers. We ordered sweet potato fries, buffalo chicken dip with chips and the lobster and steak quesadilla. One word to describe the Quesadilla BOMB!!!! the Buffalo and Chicken dip was great too. I'm definitely coming back to try the Burgers and definitely ordering the Lobster and Steak Quesadilla.
4	Oh the variety of burgers. How to choose? I had the Rising Sun Burger and it was delicious! It was cooked perfectly. I couldn't even finish the fries.And you can't forget their booze shakes! We tried the cereal bowl and it tasted just like Cap'n Crunch. And just like a normal shake, they give you the silver can with the extra. It's a lot to finish. Overall, I definitely have to come back again when I'm in Vegas again!
5	The Nom Nom Burger and the Grasshopper milkshake... SO GOOD! The milkshake was alcoholic but it tasted delicious and it was decorated beautifully. The burger is so flavorful, but all the burgers looked good!
4	Yum, Yum, Triple Yum!So glad that we stopped her for some uber yummy grub.  The staff was very attentive and very nice.  I loved the salt & vinegar tasting mini bucket of popcorn they brought out for us to nibble on.  We ordered the spicy calamari to share, loved the thin fried slivers of jalepenos, definitely gave it an awesome kick.  I had the rising sun burger and thought it was delicious---I'm not a super saucy kinda gal, so maybe next time if I have it I will ask for the teriyaki to be on the side as opposed to the burger patty itself.  The tempura avocado on top of the burger was to die for.  The fries were ok, nothing to get excited over--maybe if they were sprinkled with some sort of seasoning it would have been a little better---or they could have had optional sprinkles to add on top--like garlic wasabi or parmesan--something like that--the fries were pretty plain.Hubby had the steakhouse burger and loved it, he could barely finish it.  He said the flavors were very good.We split a campfire s'mores booze shake and it was nothing short of glorious.  Something about marshmallow vodka that just seems so right.  I also had the house margarita as well and this had an excellent flavor too!  Overall we had a pretty good experience.  Thank goodness this place isn't nearby me or else we would have some problems--I would be drinking a different booze shake everyday.
2	Sub-par service and food for being inside the Cosmo.  I ordered the Big Fat Greek (lamb) and it was dry.  Perhaps they knew this was an issue because it was dressed with waaaaay too much stuff.  All I could taste was olive.  Our server seemed more interested in chatting with her coworkers than refilling our drinks.  I would have given them just one star but the graffiti art and fried calamari were just good enough to help boost the rating, but not nearly enough to convince me to go back again.
4	Their milkshake brings all the boys to the....nevermind, that song is pretty annoying.  Ahhh Holsteins. Why is your billionaire burger so savory? The beef patty is so earthy, foie gras so rich, and the port onion marmalade gives it a touch of acidity to balance the flavors out.  One overlooked ingredient of a good burger is the bun. The bun is perfect, soft and supple, like a woman's....ok skip that.I'm a purist, give me a chocolate milkshake, none of that frankensteinsh concoction. It just hits the spot. My inner childhood.  My mouth died and went to chocolate heaven. Rich enough but not to the point where you need water every sip.Why 4 stars and not 5?  When we were seated, our server was MIA. After 10 minutes, we had asked another server to look for our server to assist us, no such person showed up.  I understand they have their own section to deal with but atleast offer to get our drinks. After 5 minutes, we then asked a busboy...a very helpful busboy and explained our predicament. No one had seen us since being seated. He immediately apologized, 30 seconds later, a manager came up to apologize with the assigned server behind him.  He offered 15% off for our bill w/o us having to complain.  Our server apologized, it was a shift change and unfortunately, our location was no man's land.  It was like being at the border between syria and turkey.After our orders were taken, food was rushed to be cooked to satisfy our cravings.  Good save
4	There's booze in the shakes!!! Nothing left to say other than when in Vegas, visit Cosmopolitain Resort and Casino and you will find Holstiens across from Marquis Night/Day Club. Try the shakes, I dare you. It's plenty. Then try the kobe burgers and lobster mac and cheese. So delicious.
3	I went off the burger path, so maybe that was my downfall - I got lobster truffle mac & cheese. It wasn't anything special, and given the price of the dish (an appetizer), I expected more. The lobster was tough, the sauce was fine, but not special. The blobs of truffle didn't add anything.I also ordered french fries, which were soggy and lukewarm. Bummer.I might go back just to try a burger, but there are a lot of other restaurants in Vegas I'd rather try first.
4	Talk about gourmet burger! Very creative concept, delicious food too. Ordered the Rising Sun! Kobe Beef Burger, Tempura Avocado, Teri Glaze & Nori. Paired with Shoestring Fries & a sip of that Alcoholic Oreo Milkshake from my friend.It was a yummy food experience but not a fan of the price. But I guess that's what I get for eating at the Cosmo. Haha!
4	It's good but Ramsey's across the street is dank.
5	So I was staying in the Cosmopolitan (which I also recommend and is probably one of the most amazing hotels I've ever stayed at) and had to catch my plane soon, but wanted a quick lunch.  We decided to go to the cluster of restaurants near the Marquee Club.  I am soooo glad I decided to squeeze it in.  You must get a shake and a burger.  I had a tiramisu shake (and they give you the leftover mix, which I think is nice) and a spicy (forget name) burger.  Everything was awesome.  Since I was in a hurry we sat in the lounge.  Service was decently quick.  We even saw some NBA guys eating at the bar with their USA backpacks, they seemed in a hurry too.  Don't worry though, they have a full restaurant seating area behind the bar/lounge.
3	This restaurant, located in the Cosmopolitan, is just ok. Our waiter seemed a little inexperienced and not familiar with the menu. My mom has several food allergies to gluten and dairy and asked several questions about items on the menu and the waiter had to keep going in the back to ask the chef. I am, in a way, glad he asked the chef rather than giving out wrong information....but you should be familiar with your menu if you're going to work at a restaurant in a high-end hotel. I had the Farm House salad which was pretty good. It had mixed greens, kale, asparagus, green beans, edamame, cauliflower, and heirloom tomatoes. It is supposed to come in a honey yogurt dressing but I got the balsamic dressing instead. I also added avocado to this and scratched the tomatoes. It was pretty tasty, all of the flavors seemed to work together. I just wasn't "wowed" by this salad. We also ordered some french fries for the table which were soggy and undercooked. I like french fries to be crispy and crunchy. These were soggy and lifeless. The ketchup they serve is really good though and it seems like they make it in house. They also have various alcoholic milkshake type beverages on their menu, which sounded amazing. One of them was a red velvet cake drink with red velvet cake vodka. There was also an almond joy and Oreo drink. Maybe I'll try one next time I'm in Vegas.
2	I had no expectations walking into this place. All I know if this looked like an expensive burger joint so I'm ready to swamp an above average burger down my throat and wash it down with a shake. Food: We had a group of 15-16 people. We all literally ordered the same thing. The burger just didn't taste good...and it was overcooked. No I didn't ask for them to change my order and medium rare my piece of meat because I don't think that would have mattered. Only exception to the food/drinks was the chips and dip they served. Service: Service was decent though the waitress appeared flustered to take our orders. You're in Vegas woman get use to it! J/k I'm really not a jerk, but seriously you're in Cosmopolitan and across from one of the hottest clubs in town. Work FASTER. Environment: Felt like an expensive burger joint in here. Need I say more? Price: Didn't pay...but I'm sure it was overpriced. Food: 2Service: 3Environment: 4Price: N/a but it I had to guess I'd give it a 3
4	This place is pretty cool. The vodka-infused milkshakes are absolutely amazing. There are so many flavors to choose from and all of the blends I tried were really good. My favorite so far has been the s'mores flavor. YUM. I'm not much of a burger person, but there does seem to be a good selection of other meal options.
5	This was the first restaurant we ate at when my sister and I arrived in Vegas. At first we were a bit overwhelmed because *everything* sounded good! And the milkshakes??? OH MAN. She and I split a fat boy shake. They brought it in a glass and the rest in the shaker. It was delicious. We drank a lot of it before the meal and saved some for after.I ordered the fun-ghi with a veggie patty instead of beef. AND ATE THE WHOLE THING. As a small person, that is pretty impressive. So ya, this place was delish. And service was good. Free popcorn, too.
3	This is a pretty good burger place, but it's far from the best.Their interesting combinations makes this place better, not the meat. I really enjoyed my Kobe burger with bacon what not, aka the Gold Standard. The bun was nice. But the meat was slightly above average. Not great, but pretty good.The onion rings were decent too. Nothing special, but good.
5	Holy milkshake! Amazing shakes for sure, only negative was that we should've split the shakes between 2, but nonetheless DRUNKEN MONKEY was the best shake
1	Uhmmmmmm, wanted to try something new while in vegas so I yelped this place. I got the turkey burger it was 14.50, just throwing that out there, and it wasn't anything amazing for me to come back.. maybe it was because I wasn't that hungry? Idk but I also had the strawberry shake and it was good too but not worth the 8$, but we r in vegas so what did I expect right? Anywho not sure id come back here. and not quite sure why its so highly rated but ehhh, id just go to in n out. ALOT CHEAPER
4	You would not expect a stellar burger at a Vegas hotel restaurant, but that is what you get here.  One important thing to note right up front is that the service here (and the other restaurants at the Cosmo) is top notch.  On to the burgers - they have a nice selection of burgers ranging from the traditional to not so traditional (there is one with foie gras on is - the "Billionaire" burger).  We had two different burgers and both were great - meat was properly cooked (they recommend medium, which you can get away with at a quality high-end burger joint like this), toppings were great, and the bun was very fresh (tiny bit too large for my taste, but not massive like at some places).  We had both fries and rings.  The only reason I gave a 4 vs 5 star rating was the fries - they were lukewarm instead of hot.  The onion rings were great.They also have shakes (with or without booze) that were great as well.Definitely will be back.
4	I really want to give this place a 5 star but i can't really justify paying close to $20 dollars for the gold standard burger. I ordered the burger togo and came back around 40 minutes to pick it up. I love the fact that they didn't cover the togo box and actually left it open in the bag (2 thumbs up). My review is based on eating the burger a couple hours later after going to Light. I previously read my friends reviews and wasn't sure i would like it since I didn't want to heat up the burger. Honestly speaking... the burger was freaking delicious. I could clearly taste the bacon, goat cheese, arugula and garlic aioli sauce. It was seriously mind boggling that it still tasted really good. I know its not really fair that i had it several hours after i got the burger but I don't know that i can even say the same for other burger that are fresh. I will definitely be back here to try the gold standard fresh and other burgers as well.
4	On the first night of my bachelorette party, my friends and I came back to Holstein's for a dinner of burgers and booze.  I repeated some favorites from my first visit - the spicy bloody mary, the fried pickles, The Rising Sun, and the Frozen Grasshopper - and all were as remembered.  In fact I'm mostly updating this just to document my bachelorette party in full, so if you want to see a full useful review, please see the original and ignore this post, which is basically for my diary use only.We came at around seven o'clock and were told they were so backed up they were turning people away.  We put our name and number down anyway, expecting to wait at least an hour and a half.  I guess a lot of people were discouraged enough to bail, because we were seated after something like forty minutes.Service was good, polite and moderately quick.  A few of my friends and I use FourSquare (sorry, Yelp), and we each got a complimentary Holstein's Spacial (not a typo on my end) Lager.  It was tasty, refreshing, and free, and I'm sorry to admit that we were too full to finish them and felt pretty bratty.  We did leave a nice tip.I did try a couple new things this time around, and I'll just note those here.  The Fun-Ghi (hey, you know that joke, don't you?) was a great burger with a beef patty, roasted portobello, caramelized onion, truffle oil, gruyere, frisee, and aioli.  The mushroom was great, and went really well with the beef.  All the other accompaniments took a back seat, letting the two top players have their day.  For dessert, we supplemented our Frozen Grasshopper with a Campfire Smores shake - Smirnoff marshmallow vodka, chocolate, marshmallow, and a graham cracker crumble.  I mean please I will never stock Smirnoff marshmallow vodka in my home bar, but it worked here.  The shake tasted like s'mores, and it was delicious.My girls got my dinner, for which I am very grateful.  Holstein's was fun and full of tasty things, a great start to an epic bachelorette weekend.
4	The food was good enough to warrant a return, the service was truly, phenomenal. Everyone from the hosts, to the random person removing the extra chairs, to our waitress. Really a nice change from the hurry up and leave attitude you often get in popular places. My only complaint was the time it took for the food to arrive (about 35 minutes) and the bun was not my favorite. I'd prefer they go with a fluffier lighter bun.
5	Amazing! One of my favorite burger joints.I like the one with the egg OR the burger with the kimchee - yummy!I also love the mac and cheese. Its glorious.I always make a point to eat here when I am in Vegas as it is a great establishment.
3	Ehhhhhh....that's how this gets summed up. Nothing special and when you mix it with a waiter who seems unengaged - the whole experience goes downhill. There was a group of us - as usual we all order something different and then share or share our experience. The entire table was underwhelmed. The red velvet bamboozled shake was the highlight! Of course it's something they're known for so we had to try..and it didn't dissapoint.  We had a teriyaki burger, mushroom burger, classic burger, salad, pork sliders - a variety of options. Nothing overwhelming. The fries- squished into a silver bucket that just became soggy - pull one out and they com out in a group they were so tightly packed. Had to upgrade to the onion rings and, well 5 showed up in another silver bucket...over cooked and tasteless.  We all shared a salad which was great, but not what you come here for. Definitely not a "gotta try it" recommendation from me.
4	This place is totally overpriced, but what isn't in Vegas?  I may be a little biased with my rating as it is located in the Cosmopolitan and that is the hotel I stayed in, so it was very convenient.  But this place has great burgers and it is an awesome hangover fix.  I got the Hen House Burger cooked medium well.  The burger has an egg, bacon and I paid $1 more for the grilled onions as opposed to the raw onions.  My burger was more like a medium instead of medium well but it was juicy and delicious none the less.  I recommend this place for sure!
3	This would be a four-star joint . . . if it wasn't a burger joint. Why? Because it's a field crowded with gems. Browse my reviews: Bowery, Stout, Umami. I can't justify giving Holstein's a 4 when those places got 4s and 5s. That being said, there's a lot of good stuff at Holstein's and I'd proudly give it a 3.5 if that were possible. Let's start with their best: the boozy milkshakes (also available in non-boozy versions). I ordered the Fat Boy. It was awesome. Everything you want in a milkshake: candy, delicious vanilla milkshake PLUS booze! The service: pretty good. They were very attentive and helpful with the baby . . . even when he spilled all the milk they very nicely brought for him. They were great to the adults too. As for the food, as I said, the burgers were a 3.5. The fries were good, not great. I ordered the Gold Standard. I expected better. Not that it was bad, I was just expecting to be blown away and I wasn't. It is a hefty burger . . . split-able if you don't want to stuff yourself, especially if you get a milkshake. I can put it away . . . and I needed to ask for a box for some of it. So I apologize if my review seems lackluster. It's definitely good, but you can probably find a better burger within a block if you look.
2	It's expensive, and in my opinion, not really worth the money.We got the lobster mac 'n cheese, alcoholic tiramisu shake, funghi, and rising sun burger. The lobster mac 'n cheese was good, with nice chunks of lobster and a creamy but still liquid pasta sauce (and campanelle pasta! nice touch), but there was just so little of it. It came in the same small, shallow cast iron dish that their dips came in (as we saw at the other table), and for a price of $17, too steep for my mac 'n cheese wallet.The alcoholic tiramisu shake was not very noticeably alcoholic. And the shakes themselves are pretty much the same price as their burgers, but we just figured go big or go home. It was pretty delicious and a bit too sweet when it melted and tasted like liquefied tiramisu, which was the closest thing to refreshing when I got sick of all the savory orders.The funghi was moderately disappointing, the not-disappointed side mainly because I was hungry.. It consisted of a beef patty, roasted portabello mushroom, carmelized onion, truffle oil, gruyere cheese, frisee as vegetation, and aioli...what type, I'm not completely sure. It was $16.50, pretty large and beefy, with a meaty portabello...but still, a bit bland for my palate...there wasn't much sha-zam in the burger, mushroom afficionado or not.The rising sun burger was supposed to be the showstopper...the idea of it sounds absolutely ingenious, and I was initially very excited for it. Built of a Kobe beef patty, teriyaki glaze, nori furikake, crispy yam, spicy mayo and tempura avocado, it sounds like someone took a delicious burger and prepared it with a Japanese pantry. And the individual points were all present with the burger, but I felt like the burger was overwhelming my salty and sweet taste buds. The teriyaki glaze was way too much, either too sweet and salty or too much sheer quantity for the burger. The nori furikake was actually kind of salty too, which disillusioned me from furikake for a while...the tempura avocado was soggy and the batter, too thick and not crispy. Which I guess happens when you deep fry and avocado and then stuff it between a huge slab of ground beef and a tower of toppings. After finishing it I felt the need to chug my glass of water...so the burger cost me $17 and an extra trip to the bathroom.In foresight of these issues, we ordered two sides of raw onion...very nicely, thinly sliced, in a way that let it melt in your mouth so that you only tasted the sweetness of the onion, but yet it was a full indisputable bite of onion. Delectable. Those onions were a side dish to everything that night, they just seemed to make everything better.Holstein's is alright, you know? It really has some great concepts with the creative gourmet burgers and alcoholic milk shakes, but a little better execution would be valued. I'd give it a 2.5 - 2.7 stars if I could, mostly due to the steep prices for what was a semi-disappointing meal.
4	This is one of the many fine restaurants inside the Cosmopolitan Hotel. You can be a fatty here, tell yourself you are in a safe place. The staff was very attentive and hard working for a party of 15.I was going to get the brisket topped Longhorn burger, but I thought I'd go easy and ended up with the Urth Burger and a Arrogant Bastard Ale by Stone Brewing. The milkshakes were definitely as good as the reputation preceded it. We tried the drunken monkey and the Oreo with Irish Cream. Only thing I didn't like was the burn't popcorn appetizer opposed to the normal bread most places serve. I see what they were trying to do, being different put that one missed the boat. My girlfriend had a good time, I'd like to come back with less people and try some cow next time.
5	You know it's amazing when you walk in and your order rolls off your tongue the second the server comes to get your drink order. "Virgin Fat Boy shake extra caramel popcorn and a Gold Standard medium with sweet potato fries." You can thank me later.
4	Everyone claims the best in something. How that claim is made can be determined in several ways. Whether by a voters choice in the local newspaper, a popular magazine writing the claim, word on the street, or just the restaurant making the claim itself. Supposedly Holsteins has the best burger in Vegas. It's a highly subjective claim.I like the decor here. It's cute and modern. Location is prime and there's plenty of foot traffic as it's right by Marquee. It's always constantly busy whenever we walk by on our way to Wicked Spoon.The food selection here is pretty vast. It's not just burgers and shakes. There's salads and a large appetizer selection. Their cocktail section looks like a dessert menu. But I came here for their burgers.The Rising Sun: Kobe Beef, Teriyaki Glaze, Nori Furikake, Crispy Yam, Spicy Mayo & Tempura AvocadoThe burger came with a side of fries. The burger was large and the medium beef patty was perfect. It was a great burger overall, however it wasn't the best Japanese infused burger I've had. So I cannot agree that this is the best burger in Vegas. Maybe top 3.The service was excellent. The server made a mistake on the order, when I notified her, she promptly corrected the receipt with a smile.
5	how have i not yet reviewed this restaurant?  ever since Holsteins has been in business, it has become a consistency in my vegas trips.  appetizers are fun, burgers are legit, the shakes are solid, the entire restaurant has a fun vibe, & the wait isn't too shabby since you can go play some slot machines downstairs.  plus, it's right across the entrance to marquee.  it does get a bit loud, especially in the bar area & trying to communicate with the hostess.  but hey, it's vegas!but just one thing- What happened to all the korean inspired appetizers?  kimchi shortrib quesadilla, & korean hot dogs?
5	Never had anything else here but a milkshake but damn they make a good milkshare.  I don't know what type of ice cream they use but its one of the best.  I always get a black n white shake and they actually know what it is.  I've actually had people at other restaurants ask me what a black n white shake is.  If you don't know you shouldn't be working at a place that serves milkshakes. The milkshakes here are awesome.
2	More often than NOT I agree with the Yelp Rating but Not for Holstiens. I do note what I tried might have differed from what others had. I am Not saying Holsteins is a bad burger as it was OK and Good but for a high priced burger I was expecting the beef  patty a full fat one to taste better with more flavor and juice than when I cook a 93% lean burger at home.I got the Fungi Burger. I was expecting more mushrooms than onions but it was mostly onions that were very good I add. I upgraded the aged sirloin beef to wagu style since I buy this meat once in a while and it's very good. My burger was juicy enough but did lack flavor. I was expecting it to taste really good and beefy. I liked the study well sized bun but my sweet potato fried seemed old.My husband had a dry aged sirloin burger with bacon , goat cheddar cheese and arugula. He had to send back his bun because it was hard as a rock. We laughed about it with the waiter and got a new one fast. His medium rare burger was lacking in taste and was oddly juiceless. He complained to me and said it's not as tasty or juicy as your 93% lean burgers you make at home.That's how it was expensive and we had better.But I note service was excellent.
4	OK so disclaimer I am giving 5+ stars just for the Alcoholic Shake, I think I had a Brown Cow and my friend had the Black Cow.  Both delish!!But the Food gets 2 stars from me.  We (3 ladies) ordered a burger and chicken strips to share. None of the food impressed us, in fact 2 of us didn't feel well after eating the burger.The shake definitely saved their rating.On a plus the place was conveniently located in our hotel (Cosmopolitan).  Great atmosphere and great staff.
2	located in the hustle bussel of the cosmopolitan. this place would be busy whether it is good or bad. **the steakhouse burger- Beef Patty Crusted With Black Pepper, Holsteins Creamy Steak Sauce, Marmalade Onions, Tomato Confit, Wild Mushrooms, Swiss Cheese. When they say "crusted with black pepper" they were not kidding. this "black pepper" was like crushed pepper corn covering every inch of the cheese slice. you must love black pepper to be able to enjoy this burger. it was quit yummy**the fun-ghi- Beef Patty, Roasted Portabello, Carmelized Onion, Truffle Oil, Gruyere, Frisee, Aioli. nothing special to note about this burger. you could smell the fragrance of the truffle oil which i love, but the flavor wasn't strong. i love black pepper so i liked the steakhouse burger better and it seemed more juicy.of note. they don't take reservations on the weekend. but the plus side is that when you put your name down they will text/call you when your table is ready and give you about 10 minutes to respond before they give it away.i've been here two times and both times the food didn't live up to the hype. the burgers are quite expensive. coming out to around ~$23 per person with tax and tip for just the burger entree, nothing extra, no drinks etc. that is QUITE expensive for a burger and fries in my book. and this isn't anything fancy. to my knowledge (i could be wrong) its not grass fed organic meat or anything. i probably won't be back due to the cost but might stop by to try a milkshake.
4	Yum! Place was good and adult shakes are great! Great place to hit up before heading to Marquee for the day club pool dealie.
5	Went here for lunch during a trip in June. I can't believe I'm writing this, but the burgers are better than In N Out. There, I said it. Alcoholic milkshakes are great, too.
3	four stars, waitress was absent during most of our meal.We were beginning to regret choosing the lounge area (the restaurant has a linear divide between dining-style seating and lounge seating..we chose lounge and boy did we wait a long time to take our orders) Even with our hands upthen three stars:Worst part about it was that they overcharged us and we found out the next day. $30. That's ridiculous. don't get me wrong, the burgers were bomb though.
3	Trendy, overrated.I had the Gold Standard with sweet potato fries. I had a Sam Adams Octoberfest and Franziskaner Hefe Weisse.Burger was definitely good, but not a whole lot better than a burger you get from any ol' pub. It really wasn't that special.  Sweet potato fries also good, but again nothing special. Tourists and people who don't know any better will rate this place highly.Very good, but far from "must try."  If you want an overpriced burger, it's not bad.
4	Super amazing burgers! Super awesome sweet potato fries! Super cool atmosphere... CAN"T GO WRONG!
4	SO PRICEY but really good. At $16-$18 per burger, it's pricey, but it's Vegas; you gotta be prepared to pull out the cash.They are pretty creative with the burgers, I'll give them that. The burger patties themselves aren't that flavorful, but it's all the different toppings and condiments on each burger that make each burger tasty.I've eaten here twice with friends and these are the burgers we've tried that have been consistently good:The Billionaire - foie gras! Not a huge piece of it, but you can certainly taste that it's there.The Rising Sun - essentially a teriyaki burger, but it's got a good rich but sweet taste to it.The Golden Standard - can't pinpoint any one thing inside this burger that made it taste really good, but the moment you take a bite of the whole thing it comes together wonderfully!The Nom Nom - texture with potato chips inside and tasty special mayo sauce!MILK SHAKES (alcoholic ones!):Red Velvet - my fav, really delicious can't taste the alcohol at all. Little cookie bits inside for texture.Tiramisu - strong but tasty. Lots of cookie and chocolate toppings, chocolate syrup and cookie bits inside!Mint chocolate chip - only alright. Didn't mask the alcohol that well, tastes pretty simple, like melted mint ice cream with cookie bits inside.AND OMG GET THE LOBSTER MAC 'N CHEESE. IT IS SO DAMN GOOD. But it is so damn small for how much you pay for it ($18). It comes out in a small...I'd say 5"x4" cast iron tray. If it weren't for the price, I would just eat three orders of the lobster mac and cheese for the entire meal.Service was only O-K. The waitresses usually seem distracted because the place is so busy, and the food didn't come out very fast. They refused to seat 10 of us at a table and split us up 7 and 3 and told 3 of us to sit at the bar, but there were no seats available at the bar because it was a dinner rush... so we just pulled up three chairs at the table and everyone fit just fine.
2	I wanted to like this place... but i really didn't. the "bam-boozled" red velvet shake was pretty great though! we had some jalapenos wrapped in bacon appetizers and those puppies nearly made me pass out. stay away if you cant handle spicy. im mexican and i am suppose to handle this sort of crazy, but i failed. the burger was "aight". i feel like the patty could have had 110% more flavor. the waiters were very pleasant.
3	For a burger, it's pretty expensive, but that should be expected when in Las Vegas. It was a reaaaally good burger, which made the pain of spending $18+ on it hurt just a little less. Service was average. Ordered a caesar salad to share that was painfully below average...stick to the burgers and fries. Or just fill up on the dangerously good popcorn (crackcorn!) they serve pre-meal. My biggest regret was not getting a shake. Next time.
5	Cool place. Good atmosphere. Loved the artwork.Staff was friendly and attentive.Popcorn is my weakness, so even the stale ones they brought out before our meal was a nice touch.Decent beer selection (maybe good for Vegas standards).I order the nom nom burger with a fried egg. It was delicious. Great beef flavor, some crunch (although mostly soggy) from the kettle-like chips, an egg i could taste (I usually can't, besides the royal red robin burger), and a bold/sharp slice of cheddar. Overall, I liked the taste and flavor of everything that went into the nom nom and more importantly, I like that I could taste each part of it. I feel a lot of higher-end burger places have too much going on and it all falls apart. Not the case at Holsteins.My girlfriend ordered the fun-ghi which from the bite I tried, was excellent as well. Great mushroom flavors.I liked this place and it's among my top higher end burger spots.
4	alcoholic milk shakes! This loud fun environment of fancy burgers and alcoholic milk shakes is a thumbs up for me. I ate here before going to the Marquee nightclub. It wasn't packed inside. Quickly seated in this fun decorated restaurant. Our server was very nice and attentive. I ordered the Drunken Munky shake that was a banana milkshake with peanut butter cups and malt. This was so so so so good. Oh yeah and alcohol! You couldn't even tell alcohol was in it. They gave me a ton of it. So good.Gold Standard burger - The burger here was cooked well. I think the tomato aoili kind of took away from the burger. It had argula , cheese, and bacon on it as well. It was good but not amazing. Recommendation: Drunken munky alcoholic milkshake
4	After skipping out on the hour and a half wait one night, we came back the next day for lunch eager to try the popular burger spot in the Cosmopolitan. The menu has an extensive offering of not only burgers, but also various other items like lobster rolls, tacos, and Asian pork belly buns. I had El Machete, the tallest burger I have ever eaten in my life. The patty was at least an inch thick and extremely juicy. Usually I don't like the strong beef taste in burgers, but this one was not overpowering and the extra burger additions blended well together. The spicy aioli and fire roasted chilis added the extra kick that I love, and the pepperjack cheese was melting perfectly onto the nicely toasted bun. The onions added great flavor, and the lettuce and tomatoes brought the freshness that I always look for. I ordered the sweet potato fries instead of their natural cut fries, and they were fried to perfection. I had no problem eating my whole portion! This is definitely a must-try in Vegas, although there are several other famous burger joints in the area. The broad burger offerings definitely make it hard to choose, so I'll be back to try out the other tasty looking items on the menu!
2	We had a subpar meal, but the most disappointing part were the burgers.  Not a good sign, you know, for a burger place...Milkshakes were extremely bad - to the point where none of the four of us finished even half.  Hershey's syrup in a cup, that's the best way to explain it.The burgers were frozen hockey pucks.  You're better off at In N Out if you want anything that resembles fresh ingredients.  Points for service and the appetizers, which were mediocre, but the best of our meal!Alternate Reco: BurGR (excellent) or BLT Burger if you want the milkshake + burger combo.  Enjoy!
3	Overall the restaurant is very nice and lively. The service is great, and the decor is everything moo. We went on a thursday afternoon and there was no line. The burgers were flavorful, although the patties were a little more cooked than we asked for--so if you want medium, then ask for medium rare. Also, the fries were a little soggy, so I would definitely recommend the onion rings.
3	After the majority of the day spent at Daylight, we were several hangry (hungry+angry) girls fighting off alcohol and sun lucky enough to beat the rush for some much anticipated burgers!  We were seated with orders taken in just 15 minutes. Now here is where the slow horrendous service starts, thanks alot Cyrus! Tic toc... Tic toc... 35 minutes pass by! Oh my, it has just dawned on him that he's forgotten to put in our order. Another 20 minutes has elapsed until we finally receive our order. No apologies for the hour long wait during this not so busy time of the day, he must gave given up on that party of 5 tip. Another 10 minutes for condiments and by this time we have all inhaled our food. Now comes time for the check, so not exaggerating the 15 minutes it took him to itemize the bill and return with receipts! During this time, he practically avoided eye contact while doing laps around our table. WTH?!Cyrus needs to take a course or two in proper serving etiquette. There was absolutely no communication or courtesy on his part, which could have saved for the negative experience. Fortunately for Holstein's, the food is on point and the decor is just too cute saving them an a-OK review!
5	My boyfriend and I were looking for a good burger place and read theReviews and we were really curious to try the bam-boozled drinks and the burgers looked delicious!  So we decided to try.  Our waiter was so nice and very helpful in our food and drink choices. We were very happy and impressed with our experience there! We had the red velvet cake shake and s'mores campfire shake. We loved them! Our burgers were amazing and so yummy! We will be definitely be coming back again!
3	I was staying at the Cosmopolitan and didn't feel like leaving the hotel that day, so I decided to try Holsteins.First let me tell you not to try their house lager.  It's pretty depressing and they should be ashamed to attach their name to something that tastes so weak.I ordered the rising sun burger which is "Kobe beef", teriyaki glaze, nori furikake, crispy yam, spicy mayo & tempura avocado.  I put "Kobe Beef" in quotes because in reality, you can't get REAL Kobe beef anywhere outside of Japan, so great job on the FALSE ADVERTISING, guys!The burger itself was average.  The sweet potato fries that I got with it were excellent however.Considering how relatively expensive my meal was for a burger, fries and a beer, I don't think I'd ever come back to this establishment because it just didn't impress me all that much.  Nothing wrong with it, but just not worth it.Oh and it would be a disservice to the establishment if I didn't mention this...  while I was sitting at the bar waiting for my food, this lady kept walking by in EXTREMELY short shorts (so short that her butt cheeks were literally hanging out).  I didn't have a problem with this at all, especially considering that this was Vegas, and the girl had a great hind quarters, but I didn't realize that she was a waitress at Holsteins until I was walking out of the place.
5	Excellent spot to go for a moderately priced meal.  The burgers are delicious and the shakes are off the charts.  The fries were good too.  My wife and I ate there twice on our last trip.
4	I'm a huge burger fan and this place does it right I have had the fungi it was pretty pretty good. My only gripe is the cost but your in the Cosmo and your paying for the atmosphere but I def think you get what you pay for and this does it for me.
5	Great burgers and shakes. Good service. Full selection of draft beer! Go for the nom nom burger!
5	Really cool place, love the atmosphere, really cool artwork. Staff was friendly, attentive. They handed out popcorn before your meal which was different and good. I order the billionaire burger with smoked bacon. Every bite was amazing. The Kobe beef was juice and mouthwatering good. One of the best burger I had in a while
5	My husband surprised me with a trip to Vegas in Sept. 2012. We wanted some late night goodies and were pleased to find Holsteins Shakes & Buns. I tried the Nom Nom Burger and the Buttermilk Onion Rings and just let me say "YUMMY" does not give it justice. Delish to the 10th degree! My hubby, who does not like onion rings, loved the Buttermilk Onion Rings here. He ate over half of them. They are crunchy, crispy and the batter stays on! The aioli dip was good but I like the ranch dressing better. The Nom Nom Burger was incredible! It was juicy and thick and delish. It came with fries which were crisy and perfect. I recommend this restaurant to anyone I know who is going to Vegas.
1	This trendy place only has its shakes keeping it in business. We had just arrived from Los Angeles, with empty stomachs, in effort to experience a burger at the Burger Bar. Unfortunately we were starving and couldnt make it to the Burger Bar in time, we caved in and stopped by Holsteins. They had great reviews, figured we would get something small to sooth the hunger pains. We ordered classic sliders with no mustard, sweet potato fries, and a vanilla malt. The sliders were tiny, not even worth splitting. The little meat patty was dry and the bread was dry.
3	Was in the mood for a milkshake. The black and white was.... Ok. It wasn't bad, but there wasn't really anything special about it. The service was fast and the decor is nice, I hope the burgers are better.
5	On Vacation and a little disappointed from last night's meal at the Diablo's Catina which was HORRIBLE FOOD.  Holstein Shake and Bun was a tremendously good meal. Party of 2 and we both had the GOLD STANDARD burger was without question the best burger I have ever eaten from Illinois Michigan Texas and Missouri without rival!We also had the Brown Cow and S'mores Campfire shakes, these have a great taste and ice cream but just know the come with alcohol in them very delicious though. Fries were good and hot and service is outstanding.I highly recommend this place great meal a memorable dinning experience.
5	Holsteins was amazingly good. I had the Gold Standard, medium rare. The meat was flavorful, the bun was perfectly toasted and fresh. The bacon and goat cheese and the tomato tied the whole thing together. This is one of the best burgers that I have had. I enjoyed every bite and would of ate (2). My wife had the Machete. I took a bite and tasted: spiciness, crunch and freshness. It's evident that the burgers here are well balanced with a fantastic flavor profile. All in all, the food, decor and service was an experience that my wife and I enjoyed. If you are in Vegas, do yourself a favor and check this place out, you will not regret it.
4	Love this place.  Gourmet burgers and shakes.  The shakes are made to order (i.e. I got my vanilla malt heavy on the malt, to the point it was almost crunchy and I was super happy).  Glad I got the onion rings rather than the fries and the you can't go wrong with the burgers.  I did get a salad to make myself feel a little virtuous, (a milkshake and a cocktail at 10:00 a.m.) do tend to make you feel a liiiitle guilty.  The server was super nice and took the time to point out his favorite art, share stories about the artist and some of the pieces.  Fabulous place and I can't wait to come back.  Super chill and they give you delicious popcorn, which you can ask for a to go container of and will make for an excellent midnight snack.
4	Really enjoyed this place. Fun atmosphere, decent food, and cheap! I got a Caesar salad and the ahi poke which to my surprise was very good. My only issue, when my bill was rung up they charged me someone else's tab; however, once I pointed out the issue our server took care of it. Other then that the place was great!
2	I ordered the Billionaire burger with sweet potato fries. I had high hopes from the reviews and was anxious to try a burger with foie gras. How can a burger that cost $28 with foie gras let me down? Unfortunately it did.Worth a try, but I wouldn't be back.The highlight of my meal: the sweet potato fries.
2	Over priced food and rude staff. As a local I won't be back.
4	Came here with a friend of mine after too much fun at the Marquee Day Club and in need of snack. We each ordered one of their milkshakes and the sweet potato fries. We sat at the bar so there was no real wait for us to be seated. Since our order was pretty simple we were served pretty quickly. While we waited decided what to order we chatted with the bartenders who were all very nice and helpful in our milk shake flavor decisions. I ordered the frozen grasshoper and my friend got the tiramisu flavor. We thoroughly enjoyed our selections. Our fries order was large enough for us to share and we also both really like their fries.We did not try any of the burgers but I have been here before and have ordered the Rising Sun Burger which is super tasty. I have also tried their lobster mac and cheese which is just meh in my opinion. However, I do recommend their fried pickles if you are a pickle fan.
2	Was very disappointed with this place. We ordered the Gold Standard burger and the Nom Nom burger. I don't know if the kitchen was just super lazy that day or out of it already at 6pm, or what, but they forgot the bacon on the Gold Standard, and they forgot the thousand island dressing on the Nom Nom burger. They also literally just put a few dots of cheddar cheese in the Nom Nom burger. The only thing I enjoyed was the buffalo chicken dip.
3	Burger #267: Roll of the DiceI can't believe it's been over four months since my last burger review, sorry for slacking but this pace won't pick up soon. Anyhoot, Vegas, burgers, cheat weekend, let's go. Holsteins was my pick for the start of my carb filled weekend, and what better way to indulge in all things anti-paleo than lobster mac and cheese;http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/holsteins-shakes-and-buns-las-vegas?select=F37UvLqIeBiOtJSEMKJUIg#F37UvLqIeBiOtJSEMKJUIgFlavor was spot on, noodles were cooked to a nice al dente, there was a nice crispy layer on top, and loads of lobster. But of course there was a "but," a very big butt; the sauce was like water. No creamy gooey goodness to be found here, just a soupy base to the above perfection. So close this was to being a perfect mac, but someone forgot to reduce the sauce or add some flour? To wash all that down, what could be better than a nice refreshing milk shake, the fat boy;http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/holsteins-shakes-and-buns-las-vegas?select=qJ267GYmENq1w8KYgX5k_g#qJ267GYmENq1w8KYgX5k_gNamed after my favorite Harley style, this obese child contained no less than the following; Stoli Salted Karamel Veodka, Reese's, pretzels, sprinkles, and chocolate-caramel popcorn. All I tasted was ice cream and a hint of caramel, it was damn tasty though.And lastly was my first bite of bread in a month, the gold standard burger; dry aged beef sirloin with smoked bacon, aged goat cheddar cheese, tomato confit, baby arugula & garlic-chive aioli, to which I felt it imperative to add a fried egg;http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/holsteins-shakes-and-buns-las-vegas?select=a3D9HOKAJZYVj6cR8H3Ung#a3D9HOKAJZYVj6cR8H3UngOverall, meh+. The sum of the parts was better than okay, not quite great, but somewhere around good. Once I began my dissection, I found the beef patty itself to be under-seasoned and without a nice crust. The bun could have used a few minutes on the grill to get a nice crust as well to protect itself from the toppings. Flavor-wise the meat was beefy, but it completely depended on the bacon for salt. I am happy to report that it was cooked to my order of med-rare;http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/holsteins-shakes-and-buns-las-vegas?select=A7ieEZkpm3TjPlM9wgsUBQ#A7ieEZkpm3TjPlM9wgsUBQBeing my first proper burger in months, I was a little let down that it wasn't mind-blowing, but overall everything was a-okay.
5	Ironically enough, I've raved endlessly about how awesome the Cosmo is and yet I didn't even come here for the first time until earlier this year.  Then my friend said, you know, you should really go to Holsteins and try their Asian burger because it's friggin awesome.  Well, I just happened to be in the Cosmo without having eaten a meal all day.  And I love burgers, so why the hell not?Three trips later, this spot has reached rare territory for me: mandatory trip every time I go to Vegas (which seems to happen at least once a month, so this is going to be a very fruitful partnership!).  On an overall basis, top 10 burgers lifetime.  Generally, the flavors of each burger and balanced very well.  Nothing is overpowering the meat, which is of excellent quality.  The ingredients they use are fresh.As for the burgers themselves?  The aforementioned Asian burger, aka the Rising Sun, was definitely something quite unique.  Crispy yam, a massive tempura-fried avocado, and kobe beef?  I just want to eat it again, but I feel like I need to try all the other burgers on the menu too.  Well, that would have to be the Billionaire Burger.  And pretty much, you had me at foie gras on a burger.  Last burger I've had was the Steakhouse Burger.  While not on the same level as the previous two, I was not disappointed whatsoever.  Just look at the dripping cheese on that picture I posted on it, how can you not fall in love with it?Other items...where else can I get country fried bacon?  Deep fried bacon?  Seriously, stop tempting my heart!  The fries are ok, certainly get the job done.  Onion rings are fried perfectly, it's worth it to get them as as sub.Even for the standard Vegas premium for pricing, it's not obscenely outrageous.  In fact, it's almost impossible to find anything on the Strip that is even remotely good value for money.  Simply put, Holsteins is awesome food in an awesome hotel.  And it is perfectly placed...came here once after raging all day at Marquee Dayclub.  Could not have been a better post-partying meal, ever!
5	This ended up unexpectedly being one of my favorite parts about my Vegas trip in July. As in we ended up dining here twice during our four-day stay. I had The Gold Standard with a fried egg both times. It was just so good, I didn't feel the need to order anything else. My burger was perfectly medium rare both times and all of the ingredients went together beautifully (including the bun, which can really make or break my enthusiasm towards a burger). Call me sheltered, but I don't think I've had a burger with arugula on it before. And I am a cheeseburger fiend.My boyfriend and I split a Drunken Monkey milkshake the first time we went and while it wasn't exactly strong, it was still freaking delicious. Overall, the quality of the food was consistent and much higher than I expected. I don't remember having a problem with the service either. I plan to make this a regular stop any time I visit Vegas from here on out.
3	I took my dessert group here for National Milkshake Day. It was easy to make a reservation and the staff was very helpful with that.The milkshakes themselves were fantastic. I, personally, had the Almond Joy (with coconut rum)...SO SO GOOD!! Food was good, but nothing to rush out and try.My only, and biggest, complaint was the volume. It was busy, but we literally had to yell to the person next to us just to have a regular conversation. This is one of my big pet peeves in a restaurant, and it would make me not want to return. I know it isn't the restaurants fault, really, but it makes me crazy.I would say check them out if you happen to be in the Cosmopolitan (or if it is National Milkshake Day).
5	Order the rising sun with fried egg and sweet potato fries, delicious and super filling. The Tiramisu is also amazing. DJ starts at 10pm
5	Yum! They have an alcoholic shake that is really yummy..I forgot what it was called. It was green with chocolate. Whatever it is, get that! Oh, and I guess their burgers are pretty good too:-)
4	Awesome burger place. Not only does it serve some of the best burgers, but they also make some of the best malts and shakes ever. Their cocktails are also very creative and tasty as well.-Gold Standard BurgerThis burger is composed of a variety of high quality ingredients, which serves to highlight the deliciousness of the burger. The aged goat cheese provided a gaminess to the burger, which really elevated the flavor profile. The bacon provided a smokiness, which is reminiscent of a smokehouse. The dry aged patty really brought out a beefiness that is not ordinarily found in most burgers. The tomato aioli, arugula, and other remaining components was able to bind together and make it just a great interpretation of a classic burger.Other entrees:-Billionaire BurgerAnother casual but awesome burger restaurant in the Cosmo hotel.
4	Super fun and cute burger joint inside Cosmopolitan that will have me coming back for their Bamboozled Shakes!  Anytime you stick a menu in front of my face with a large selection of shakes with alcohol, I am impressed.  The handsome and friendly waiter suggested Gold Standard burger since he claimed  it has been named the best burger in Vegas.  For $17 I was hoping for some magical taste bud explosion but unfortunately it disappointed.  It was good enough but not something to be given a blue ribbon for.  I couldn't finish the bun as it was too much bun for the burger and didn't enhance the flavor.  The burger does come with fries so that helps with the cost a bit (a tad).  The standouts are the shakes.  Ohh yeah...ice cream deliciousness topped with an insane amount of fresh whipped cream.  Next time I am in town, I am coming here just for a shake or two!
1	Went to Holsteins tonight for dinner. When we arrived the hostess asked if we had a reservation. We said no. She told us the dining room was closed to only those who had reservations. Mind you it was 11pm, the restaurant closes at 12am and the dining room was basically empty. We had to sit in the bar and try to eat our food off low tables while seated in high chairs. Keep in mind I've eaten here at least 40 times and never had this experience before. Our server was excellent. We complained to her and she agreed with us. She summoned the mgr "Curtis" who was less then helpful. He said the hostess was wrong and said it would never happen again. He also told us he would discount our bill for the inconvenience including my wife's burger dripping all over her due to the seating design. So when we received the bill we got a whopping 15% off. Wow what should i buy first! Curtis couldn't have cared less about our frustration. I told him I'd fire her if she worked for me but who needs to included in that firing is him. Disgraceful conduct by both.
5	El Machete sent me into a euphoric food orgasm!! My body was literally tingling all over with every bite!!!
5	I think it's hard to really make a burger stand out from the pack, but this one was on the shortlist of the best 2 or 3 I have ever had.  I had the classic with a fried egg and bacon, and it was nothing short of perfect. Everything tasted just the way you dream about.  I wish I had been able to eat here a couple more times so I could have tried a couple more of their burgers.  Service was top notch as well!
4	So While i was in Vegas a few weeks ago me and a couple of the buddies decided that we were hungry and burgers are always in order when you go on vacation lol SOo My lovely friend (who has been there many many times) suggested we go here because apparently Holsteins has the BEST burgers....and as a matter of fact they do. Still doesnt even compare to BURGER PRIEST in my opinion, BUT none the less dog gayum delish! I had a burger with and egg on it and hooooly frik that thing was incredible! The actual restuarant its self was really nice and I had an overall good vibe when i went in. I also has a amazing Milkshake, it was some minty something of another but it was so large, and the amount left in the mixer was almost half of what was in my glass i dare not finish it all lol it was so good, pricey in comparison to burgers back home but soooooo well worth it! I got my burger cooked Medium (we can only cook out medwell in the great ONTARIO) and it actually made such a difference! so delish! I high recommend this place if your in for a solid burger for dinner, but goos luck finding it in the hotel lol ;)
5	LOVE this place.Not only is it in my favorite Las Vegas hotel, The Cosmopolitan - but it exhudes that feeling of farmhouse crossed with Americanized swagger.  Walking in to a big cow at the front entry - you KNOW there is going to be some serious beef/meat here.  The menu is full of extremely inviting options.... right from the start.  You sit down to popcorn out of a tin, while choosing what to drink.  How a person can NOT have a milshake is beyond me.  And no, not for dessert.. but to start :)  Whether bam boozled or regular you cannot go wrong.  Remember all bam boozled shakes you can get without the liquor mostly, for 3 bucks less.  So.... even if you don't want the alcohol OR are still drunk from the daily festivities Vegas has to offer... you MUST get a shake.  Tiramisu, Vanilla, Drunken Monkey, Birthday Cake... grasshopper... all YUM!  Next is to decide on the main.  The salads are huge.  Everything is really.  The burgers are large and so so fresh.  Meat piled high on a fresh bun... with so many tasty toppings.  The steakhouse burger is amazing... although I could stand a few less black peppercorns.  The classic burger is even an smooth choice.  If you want a mountain of meat on a bun, they have that too.  OR if you are looking for something without beef... I guess that option is also available.  I don't think there would be a bad option - and I love finding out :)  The fries are okay... the sweet potato fries are better..You can watch TV while in there... you'll get great service... and you surely won't be disappointed.  And truly the prices aren't THAT extreme considering you're in The Cosmo on the Strip in Las Vegas!
4	Got take out while staying at The Cosmopolitan. The classic burger with American cheese was delicious. The bread was delicious. The fries were ok. Also ordered the calamari which came with two dipping sauces, was ok.
4	Huge beer selection. I had the Nom Nom burger and it rocked! Surprised that the prices were so reasonable. Service was excellent and it's a great place to eat and drink during a game. It's worth if my burger bucket list.
2	With the caveat that I didn't have a burger the two times I was here (but tried a number of apps and shakes), this place is typical for an eatery at a big Vegas hotel - adequate, never a bad meal, but you will never be blown away in any fashion (my humble person opinion - every meal in Vegas at a high end hotel is basically just a facsimile of the better version you can get at the restaurant's SoCal or NY location).I came here twice on a recent bachelor party.  Once for milkshakes, and once for apps before our flight home.  The (boozy) milkshakes were very good.  I had the "Fat Boy" (UV Candy Bar Vodka, Reese's, Pretzels, Sprinkles, Chocolate-Caramel Popcorn).  A friend had the Vegan Maple Pecan shake (Almond Milk 'ice Cream', Jack Daniel's, Spiced Pecans, Maple Caramel Sauce).  Both were delicious, although if you are really in the mood for something sweet and creamy, the vegan shake probably won't hit the spot (the sort of "earthy" taste of the maple and almonds doesn't give you the same satisfaction as real ice cream).  The booze was barely detectable, however (I would've liked at least just a little taste, to know I was drinking something alcoholic).The next day we came back for onion rings, chicken fingers, buffalo chicken dip, and surf and turf quesadillas.  I had a bloody Mary, which was good, but after three days of drinking, the shrimp on top was NOT appetizing.  The apps were all meh - not bad, but not great.  I was expecting something more from the "Southern fried" chicken fingers, but they basically tasted like something I could get from Roy Rogers.  Dip was good, but again, didn't really taste fresh made or have that "pop" I was expecting when I read the menu description.We sat in the front every time we came here, so I can't comment on the rear seating area, but I will say this - there is incredibly loud music with a heavy bass beat that is just not palatable.  All told, try the shakes.  Maybe try the burgers (can't comment directly, but I wouldn't be optimistic based on the other food).  Apps are basically TGI Friday's quality.
5	EL MACHETE BURGER! Best burger I have ever had. Hands down.
5	So delicious... as good as Vegas gets. Probably the only thing I would eat at Vegas if I could. It's pricey and correctly portioned meal (you won't die from a heart attack eating one burger but you might get a heart attack after repeatedly going here... because it's so good). So if you are looking for cheap and quantity, probably not the place for you.
2	After reading many reviews, I decided to make this burger joint one of our many food stops during our Vegas trip.  We got fried pickles for an app, two milkshakes, frozen grasshopper and vanilla malt, and the Billionaire and the Rising Sun. The fried pickles were okay; nothing to rave about.  The Billionaire burger was good, but not worth 28 dollars good.  If I'm paying 28 dollar for a burger, I'm expecting a wow factor with the burger, but the burger was just "good."  The Rising Sun was kind of gross.  The whole thing just tasted weird because of the  teriyaki sauce.  Save your money and go to Bacchanal or something.
3	I loved the design of the restaurant. It's located in the classy Cosmopolitan with funky artwork and decor. They are known for burgers and shakes and I was feeling brave so I went with a burger, well a slider meal with fries. I ate every last bite. The bun was buttery and tasty, but a bit too toasted for my taste. Next time I may upgrade from sliders to one whole burger. It was good for the moment, but I was hungry not too much later. I wish I could have said it was as good as their interior design, but honestly what in Las Vegas, is actually worth what you pay for? Yep.
5	El machete burger, avacado on the side Mmm. Yum. Really enjoyed this place. Vibe was cool and prices were decent. Will return for a great burger.
3	After reading a bunch of reviews and having Holstein's bookmarked for a long time, we finally decided to hit it for lunch. I like the decor with the weird art and they also have a bunch of growlers on display which they sale too. It's a lot smaller inside then I thought and for some reason, I thought the seats were super uncomfortable. Anyway, I went with the Rising Sun and my wife went with an Urth burger substituted with beef instead of a veggie patty. That's one cool thing...they will let you do pretty much anything you want with the burgers, mix & match or whatever. The burger itself is juicy but pretty plain in flavor. Both burgers had a good amount of toppings but since the meat is so plain, it's all you can taste. My burger did have a tempura avocado on it though and that on it's own was killer!For the price, I really expected more. They up-charge $2 to swap your fries for onion rings or sweet potato fries and neither of those were worth that. We also got a Drunken Monkey shake that seems to be really popular...it was ok but $11 is crazy especially since we ordered it "virgin". All in all, everything was just ok and the service wasn't terrible but I won't be rushing back anytime soon.
5	YUMI don't know how i'm not morbidly obese by now.I've tried every single shake on this menu.  Not in a 1 sitting.  but in several.Ask for a second shot of alchohol its worth it.Menus' pretty yum too lots of burgers really good.but the shakes my god.
3	Was starving after a day of torturing our bodies with alcohol. Since we were staying at the Cosmo we decided to try this place. Was sat immediately. However, our server didn't come to talk to us for 10 minutes. And  even then the only reason she came over was because we got her attention while she was gossiping with coworkers near their computer. Food was decent.
4	Came here for an afternoon snack Friday and returned early today for lunch.HIGHLY recommend the red velvet shake!!! Satisfies that dessert craving where you can't decide if you want a red velvet cake or ice cream.  Ordered this shake both times as well the onion rings.The dish that surprised me the most was the crispy pork belly bun with sweet potato fries. The veggies combined with the crispy pork belly with a lil bite of the cilantro at the end of that bite is the perfect feeling of 'OH SO FRESH AND GOOD!' but you don't fill the fullness that you get where you feel like you just ate the titanic! Would definitely order this again!AND FINALLY the complimentary  POPCORN is soooooooooo delicious to snack on.
3	Got to try the billionaire burger, gold standard and rising sun burgers. Out of the three, my fave was the rising sun and the least fave was the gold standard. The burgers all in all were good, not awesome enough that I'd want another one. And at the price point, I was expecting a little bit more. The billionaire burger wasn't worth it. To be honest, I have no plans going back. Can't wait for shake shack to come to Vegas next year!
5	Gah. So good. Steak/lobster quesadilla is perfect. The shakes are as good as advertised and the atmosphere is just fun. I'm already looking forward to my next visit.
5	This probably isn't a totally fair review because I ate here after Marquee Dayclub and was still pretty really drunk but I remember it being delicious!! Me and my friends ordered a bunch of different burgers and appetizers and shared all of them. Portion sizes were a lot bigger than I expected and everything was really tasty. The milkshakes were good but not out of this world, if anything it was on par with in n out. I def wanna come back here when I am more sober!
4	Tried this place for the first time 3 months ago before going to the Marquee Day Club. The food here is pretty good and I shared the caesar salad and Surf N Turf Quesadilla with my friend :) I would definitely come again !
4	On our last day at the Cosmopolitan, we holed up in this restaurant to drink beer, eat burgers, and play a few hands of Rummy.  The service was on the slow side but since we didn't have anywhere to be, we didn't mind.
4	The Captain Hook fish salmon sandwich is one of my favorite burgers. I have tried to replicate it at home with meagre success.  It is very fresh, tasty and enormously satisfying.The place is a little loud, but a really fun time.
3	Burgers are ok. The billionaire burger was ok. It didn't taste like a billion. But there are a bunch if choices. Stick to the Kobe beef burgers.
5	Found Holsteins in Cosmopolitan Hotel on the 2nd floor. Interesting decor. The desk staff and bartenders are dressed more business like while the waitresses look like they came from Hooters. I was in the mood for a burger so I tried their Little Buns which were 3 slider sized burgers with onions ketchup and cheese. Great burger. Cooked just right and had nice hearty flavor. I also got a Frozen Grasshopper milk shake since I love mint. Got it non alcoholic which saved 3 bux but was still pricey at $8. Worth it tho. The bartender originally took it to the wrong table. The people there said it looked so good they decided to order it as well. I got there right after  they opened. By 12pm it was filling up so it's pretty popular. I definitely recommend this place.
4	Best burger in Vegas!!  Their alcohol shakes were pretty light on the alcohol but still delicious.  We went there twice on our trip it was so good.
5	WOW, where do I begin?!?! This place is AMAZING!!! This was the BEST hamburger I have ever had! I ordered the fun-ghi burger, added a fried egg to it and some yummy cheeses. We had an appetizer of fried pickles and egg rolls, both delicious. The burger selection is OUT OF THIS WORLD!! Everyone LOVED their hamburgers!!!. Lots of customization options for the PERFECT burger. If you order a burger, you have to get one of their shakes. These shakes are PHENOMENAL. They are served both alcoholic and non-alcoholic, and are the perfect match to a great burger. I had the red velvet cake shake, with an extra shot, its Vegas after-all and I LOVED it! Atmosphere was very fun and cool. Service was EXCELLENT. Will definitely be going back next time I'm in town.
5	This was our second time coming here and it's delicious! I got the gold standard and I'm pretty sure it's the best burger I've ever had! Left here feeling full and happy after our meal! Highly recommend eating here!!
5	OMG!!! We're all having Holsteins withdrawals. This was by far the best meal while in LV this past weekend. The tiramisu shake was YUMMY!! I had the El Machete burger and I was so good. Everyone else was so upset that they were to full to finish their burgers because they were so damn good.Our waiter was super cool too! He made suggestions, was very attentive and made us feel like he was a friend. We were to into our food to remember his name but if Adam Levine and Carey Hart had a baby it would be this guy. LOL!
4	Boyfriend was craving for burgers on this past Vegas trip and asking my friends who live in Vegas they all referred me here because we wanted to keep it on the strip area. Holsteins is located in the Cosmopolitan hotel on the 3rd floor I believe...right behind the escalator. Love the cool decor and paintings they have here, the music is really loud and it's cold in there so bring a jacket. Now on to the food, I got the lobster rolls which comes with a good portion size of 2 buns filled with yummy lobster and coleslaw inside and the mini buns are toasted. The boyfriend got the "gold standard" because the waiter convinced him that this was their most popular burger and boy did he love it...he loved the bacon, the dry aged beef and the baby arugula with it. The fries that it came with were also really good. Prices are decent with the amount of food they gave. Sad to say that I did not get the lobster mac and cheese nor their shakes but I will be back on my next trip to try them.
1	Overpriced burgers and bad service!!!! We had a reservation, and when we arrived, were told they weren't ready, would we like to eat at the bar? We said no, we'd rather just wait for our table and asked if we could sit anywhere to wait. Hostess said yes. We sat at the bar, where a waitress came by to ask for our order, we said we were just waiting for our table. She promptly informed us that these seats were only got ppl eating, so we had to move. So humph, after another 15 min, we asked the hostess how much longer for our table and she looked confused.  Then after a brief convo on her headphone, said sorry, I thought someone else already sat you guys but we gave your table to another group.  Ugh. By the time we were seated, and got our food. I had the gold standard--the blue cheese was smeared on and did not blend well with the overall taste. Another person had their billionaire burger ($28).  For a $28 burger, the meat should be more juicy and flavorful instead of dry. The piece if foie gras included was cheap and rubbery.  Overall....food was not good and Wayyy overpriced.  Combined with rude and negligent service---we will not be returning!!
4	One of the great places for burgers.From the beef to the buns. Its worth the price of the burger. We enjoyed the selection and simplicity of the menu. There is not much other than enjoy the burgers. Condiment are not necessary as it will take away the taste and make up of the burgers.
4	Great experience and the service (Charles) is top notch!!! Ordered Greener Pastures and Gold Standard. Good Standard came out a bit overcooked but otherwise amazing!!!
2	I hate to say it because I love finding a good burger and this place seemed promising (recommended by a friend), but this place only offered a mediocre burger, fries, and shakes. This was a sad attempt at a gourmet burger and how does one fail at making a delicious milk shake? I mean...really?!? Because Vegas sucks the money out of you anyway, do not waste your money here.
4	Once again there was no wait to get seated at the bar since I was dining alone (one of the perks of traveling alone). One of my friends had recommended I give Holsteins a try because of their boozy adult shakes and floats. Yum, who can resist! I gave the brown cow a try - an adult version of a root beer float with whipped cream vodka in it, yummy! For dinner I started to ask the bartender which of 3 different burgers was the best and the first I mentioned was "the Gold Standard" and before I could continue he said "The Gold Standard"! I said "really? better than the Nom Nom Burger (with kobe beef) and he said "yes!". Well that made my decision pretty easy, the Gold standard it is. Wow, what a delicious burger! I loved the combination of tomato confit, and the goat cheddar cheese, and of course bacon makes everything better! I substituted regular fries for sweet potato fries, which were so crispy and delicious I could have eaten them all night!
4	Shakes are awesome. Food sounds very creative, comes out just a bit wanting from the description but was still tasty. Just not as tasty as the descriptions sound. Philly Cheesesteak Eggrolls were my favorite, the dipping sauce it came with added a whole other level of flavor.
4	Sweet baby Jesus. I love burgers. When I work internationally and then come back home, I'm possessed by many thoughts - in the top 3 is I need a burger. I recently got back to the US and went to Vegas. I went to Burger Bar and got the Kobe burger, and hate me if you must but I was searching for another burger. Enter the Gold Standard which I'm still digesting. Thank you for helping me cross that off the list, Gold Standard Burger! The arugula and the goat cheese made this burger over and over, though you would have caught me dipping it in ketchup bc it did get a bit dry without any traditional condiments. So why 4 stars? Not bc of service bc our waiter Derek was awesome. It was the shake...I got the Drunken Monkey. And I love me some shakes, but maybe I liked the burger so much that it made the shake seem less impressive. The shake brought it down to 4 stars. But the burger and service were 5ers.
5	As a widely traveled burger aficionado I have to say the burgers here are among the best. Top quality beef cooked to perfection, it's nice to see medium come with pink in it! I'm a minimalist when it comes to burgers, meat cheese and a bun, I want to taste the beef! That said I've tried the Gold Standard, The Steakhouse and the Nom Nom burgers here and all have great flavor combinations that still allow the flavor of the beef to be savored. The rest of the menu has some interesting looking items I hope to try if I ever  can resist ordering another burger, the Cuban Street Tacos and Truffle Lobster Mac N Cheese are very tempting. And of course don't forget to try a shake, yummy yummy goodness in a glass.  Remember it's Vegas if you come at peak times your probably going to wait but the best things in life are worth a little wait, right? Along the same train of thought the servers are going to be moving fast during the peak hours be patent, it's a virtue. And if you sit at the bar look for Bridgot, great service and amazing blue eyes! BTW she highly recommends the Teriyaki burger with an egg.
4	Pretty good place located in the Cosmopolitan for a great tasting burger. While I don't believe it's at the same level as BurGR by Gordon Ramsey in Planet Hollywood, they still offer delicious burgers and shakes, nonetheless, and should definitely be given a shot!The Place -As I mentioned, Holstein's is located in The Cosmopolitan and is centrally located with everything else. It's fairly easy to find and doesn't require a great deal of navigation. Casino's in Vegas can tend to be very large and trying to find a restaurant within one is a challenge within itself, but Holstein's wasn't too hard to spot. At first glance, the place itself looks like a glorified cafe as the restaurant is very open in terms of people on the outside of the restaurant being able to look in. The decor is pretty modern, the bar is a pretty good size, and there's also, what seemed to be an impromptu, lounge area right in front of the bar for people to come in, sit on couches and socialize while still being able to enjoy the menu and the drinks. The lounge being right in front of the bar didn't look all that comfortable and appealing; however, with the right group of people and the right amount of drinks, I'm sure it would be fine for most haha. Because I sat at the bar, I didn't get a chance to see the rest of the restaurant; however, the kitchen looks to be exposed so that people can look in on the action going on at the back of the house and, as a customer, that's always interesting and nice to see. Not too bad, Holstein's.**** 4/5 Stars ****The Service -I was in Vegas for a conference and I came to Holstein's right after the last session ended, which was around 5:00pm or so on a Thursday. There, unfortunately, was no hostess to greet me; however, I chalk that up to them being particularly busy and probably running around. No biggie on my end as I was gonna end up sitting at the bar anyways, which I did; however, if I was a party hoping to get a table, having no hostess at the front would certainly make me question. I found an open seat at the bar and immediately by one of the most friendliest faces I've seen during my visit in Vegas. She was entertaining, down to earth, willing to talk with everyone at the bar, and wasn't afraid to razzle folks to try and get them to smile, which I didn't mind at all. The great service continued throughout with her making sure I was taken care of and when she had to leave for the day she made every effort to make sure I was ok and gave the next bartender updates on all her guests, which is always nice to see rather than someone leaving the next person in the dark. Great service, Holstein's and shout out to Bridgot for making my trip to Holstein's wonderful!!***** 5/5 Stars *****The Food -Just like any other of the burger joints located in Vegas, there are many different options to choose from. Each burger has its own signature ingredient and level of appeal for everyone. With that being said, it'll be pretty difficult for someone to NOT find a burger that sounds delicious as there are many different burgers to indulge in. I settled for the Nom Nom Burger (See Picture) and decided to have that served with some onion rings instead of fries. First, the onion rings. Definitely not the best onion rings I've had in my life as you can probably tell they just came from a bag in the freezer; however, it got the job done and satisfied my craving for them. The Nom Nom Burger, which is kobe beef, cheddar cheese, 1000 Island Dressing, and potato chips (yes...potato chips....don't lie and say you never put potato chips in your cold cut sandwiches as a kid....I don't care who you are, EVERYONE did that and you would swear it was the best thing ever! Haha). The burger was perfectly cooked, the cheddar cheese and 1000 Island Dressing gave it that zest and creaminess it needed and then finally, the homemade potato chips, as it did in cold cut sandwiches, gave that textural difference and crunchiness that we always desire in our food. The only gripe I have about the potato chips is that there was no flavor to them, it was literally just there for the crunch, I wish they would've seasoned them with something to make it pop more. Other than that, I was fairly satisfied with my selection. Good job, Holstein's.**** 4/5 Stars ****Overall -Like I said, after comparing the burgers that I've had from BurGR to Holstein's, I would definitely choose BurGR; however, if you happen to be in The Cosmo and the mood for having a burger strikes you, this place can definitely deliver. I look forward to coming back and trying out the other options like The Gold Standard Burger, but all in all, not too shabby Holstein's! Thanks!
4	I was impressed with my dinner and experience at Holsteins. First, our server "Chaz" was very good at his job. When he first came to greet us he simply introduced himself and said he would be back with some water - it annoys me when you are barely sat down when the server asks if there is anything to get started...uh, yeah, some time to look at the menu perhaps.For burgers they offer tiny buns (sliders) and big buns (a much more substantial burger). The burger is quite large - I would probably order the slider style on a return visit - keep your hunger level in mind when ordering. The burger itself (Memphis Burger)was very tasty and prepared perfectly. The fries were also perfectly prepared and they do give you a pretty large quantity. I did not try one of their "adult" shakesThe atmosphere is open and modern with plenty of tv's around if you want to watch a game.
4	First of all, this is a great place to eat at while in Vegas! Service was fast and patient since we wanted time to look at the menu. I ended up getting the rising sun burger with a fat boy shake. Oh man!! The burger was good and would definitely recommend it, but the shake was GREAT!
5	I'm honestly not even sure where to start with this one. The highest quality ingredients, matched together impeccably, and served in a gorgeous restaurant at a luxe spot on the Las Vegas strip with art by a fantastic local artist. Perfection!I got the Gold Standard - to think of what I experienced with each bite brings tears to my eyes, it was beautiful! I also experienced the fried pickles (a MUST have), country fried bacon and the pork buns. Bring friends, split the appetizers and spring for the burger. You won't regret it. Finish things off with one of their amazing shakes - I had the Tira Misu, and I will absolutely be back for another. The staff are uber friendly and definitely knowledgeable. The prices aren't In N Out Burger, but they aren't Strip Steak, either. Right in the middle where they should be. The Gold Standard burger was $17.95 and worth double that. We'll be back, Holsteins. Oh yes, we will be back.
3	Came here on a whim because my friends wanted drinks and food. We must of been really lucky because there was no wait and we were seated right away. My girlfriend and I each ordered a lemon drop, my boyfriend ordered a light ale which he really enjoyed. We also got the Holstein burger and a side of onion rings. The burger was less than average (dry and flavorless)  but the onion rings stole the show. They were a little but salty but in our drunken state, they were perfect! Next time I'm at cosmopolitan, I would love to come back and try some of their shakes and gourmet burgers out.
5	Definitely one of the best meals I've had during my latest trip to Vegas! I haven't been since before the Cosmopolitan was finished, so Holstein's was on the top of my list to try. I wanted to try EVERYTHING on the menu, it was hard to narrow it down to just 1 app and 1 burger. I chose the truffle lobster mac and the Rising Sun burger. Both GREAT choices. BF wanted the cheese to be thicker (he found it rather runny) but I didn't care. It tasted great to me! My burger was awesome. BF ordered the Memphis burger, also good, but mine was better!No room for dessert. No room to try shakes either, even though that's what they're known for! Oh well, next time I'm in town, you know where I am going!
5	Best burger I've ever had, and I've had a LOT of burgers.  I had a Kobe Beef burger with potato chips (on the burger) and thousand island on a PERFECT bun.  Cannot wait to go back.
4	I love that amongst all the hoity toity spots at the Cosmo, there's a laidback burger joint.  Don't get me wrong, my dirty martini still cost $20, but it's a nice casual spot to grab a bite if you don't feel like having a waiter set the napkin on your lap and you want to be able to watch sports at the bar without feeling like a jerk towards your date.Our group of 7 showed up on a Saturday night, expecting a crazy house and a long wait because they don't take resos on the weekends, but surprisingly we were sat right away at a great table in the middle of the restaurant.  My date and I split a classic burger with bacon and cheddar (Lame, I know, but neither of us were that hungry),  as well as the calamari and some sweet potato fries.  Everything was really good.  The burger and calamari were good but nothing special.  The sweet potato fries, on the other hand, were DELICIOUS!  Nothing fancy about them, just simple sweet potato fries that were perfectly crunchy on the outside and hot and yummy on the inside with a hint of saltiness to compliment it's natural sweet flavor.  MMmmmm!This is a very fun and casual spot and you still feel like you're in the middle of all the excitement at Cosmo.  And though this is to be expected because it IS the Cosmo, our bill was was a LOT for what we ordered: $46 each, and we shared a burger. Wooo!
5	Burgers were good
1	This place is terrible to the max!!! Look at my reviews all 5 stars. Stay away. Food takes for ever service is horrible and my burger had at sticker on the bottom of the bun that was expired after it was cooked "Sell by" date was past. How does that happen really? The worst part was the manager coming (Zai) over to offer a 25% discount on our check! Really?? That's insulting! 25%?!?! Your better off not coming over at all. Burger sucked! Go to Burgr instead on top of Paris! After arguing with manager someone else came over to "comp" the meal. Stupid
2	Rising sun burger-teriyaki too sweet Sweet potato fries decent, but same ol' same ol'.El machete-no heat, no flavor except pepper jack cheese. Meat by itself wasn't that tasty.Buffalo chicken dip was more cheesy than buffalo-y. Had better and have made better.Onion rings-whateverToo many good burger joints in Vegas to come back here.
4	I opted for the El Machete b/c I wanted a little kick to my burger. What I didn't expect was the monstrosity of a burger I was about to get. Lucky for me, I was hungry but even then I barely polished it off. I made absolutely no dent in the fries but I don't normally care for them anyway.As for the burger- big, juicy, perfectly cooked. The toppings were really a bonus at that time. IMHO, this is something you probably want to split with someone especially if you're considering a shake to go with it. It's massive!
5	I ordered "the gold standard," which allegedly won the award for best burger in Las Vegas and I believe it. It was truly delicious. Fries were good and the birthday cake shake was good too. Also unexpected was the popcorn we were given when we say down. It had a crazy good seasoning in it that made it kind of citrusy.
3	Had the Kobe teriyaki... forgot the fancy nameIt was YUM but too sweet for me $17 and  came with fries.Lobster mac and cheese was YUM but toooo expensive for 6 bties! It was a super small dish... not worth it.
5	I'm sure my perception of food choices in Vegas is skewed as more often than not they come after a heavy drinking session (either immediately after or the next day).  At that point almost anything would taste great.  Holsteins came highly recommended and after sleeping through the breakfast hour it was time to skip directly to lunch anyway.When presented with a burger voted Vegas's best, it's hard to consider anything else.  I went with the Gold Standard Burger and wasn't disappointed.  Sweet Potato fries were another plus. To top things off I ordered one of the "boozy milkshakes", going with the Oreo and Bailey's version (I wasn't adventurous enough to go for the Captain Crunch).  I left plenty satisfied and a little overstuffed, but overall I would recommend this place for a hearty lunch or dinner (skipping breakfast was a good call).
3	3.5 stars, not deserving of a full 4 stars. Solid, solid burger spot. First of all, the artwork. They have a pig for a mascot and the artwork depicts said pig experiencing various culinary delights. Very very good stuff. On to the food. We started the meal with Mexican Car Bombs. No, no, this isn't a play on the Irish bombs. No Dos Equis Patron shots. They are jalapenos stuffed with cheese, black beans and corn then wrapped in bacon!!! Holy bacon fat batman! Excellent creation and a must order. Burgers: Gold Standard was delicious. Bacon and aged goat cheddar with their udder sauce. The sauce is tangy and could use an addition of spice. The Classic was pretty good. Basic burger dressed with tomato, onion, lettuce and of course, we added some swine and queso. Shakes:I went for the peppermint choco shake, no alcoholic cause I don't drink anymore. It tastes a bit like a girl scout cookie that may have found it's way to your doorstep in months past. Strawberry was solid, with some gummy candies added to the top .Whipped cream is fresh and made in house, excellent touch there. Overall this is a solid spot to get a burger. It's a bit pricey, so plan accordingly.
3	This is an OK place.  I probably would have rated it 4 stars based on my first visit but my second visit was disappointing so it evens out to 3 stars.   A word of caution, if you get a hamburger, (I got the Nom Nom burger) be careful as they are hot.  Hot enough to burn your mouth.  It's a good burger, the onion rings are really good but the shakes are just standard - at least my chocolate shake was.   That was my first visit and I would have said it was a 4 star experience.   The second time I got the Truffle Lobster Mac and Cheese (almost $17) and the Philly Egg Rolls ($13).  While the food was good, especially the egg rolls I felt taken.  The amount of food for almost $30 that you receive was PATHETIC.  I was completely blown away.  I wish I would have gone elsewhere and had it not been for my first experience here I would have rated this place a 1 star joint.  I would recommend this place if you don't order anything from the Nosh menu, unless of course you're just rolling it and don't care to be ripped off.
4	Great burgers! And gluten free buns available on request! Beware of the fries though,they are coated in flour.
5	The rising sun is amazing! Every time I visit Vegas I have to stop at Holsteins !!! The burgers are very unique and tasty! You might even bump into B list celebs lol! Saw a reality tv star last time. Big woop
4	I've been to Holstein's twice, and both times, I was really happy. My friends and I marveled at the beer selection, and started with the buffalo chicken dip on our server's recommendation. It was awesome!I went with El Machete, because I love spicy food. My burger was prepared well (medium rare), and it has quite the kick. Really, really good burger, better than I can get back home.The atmosphere is good, if not a little loud, and it is a little pricey for a burger joint, but I think it's worth it.
3	Burgers are alright.  Fries though were soggy and the service slow.  Wife spilled a bit of a drink and when we asked a waiter (who wasn't ours) for a cloth, she said ok and then avoided looking our direction.  Luckily our waiter came by with a towel.  He was very nice but service overall was slow as mentioned.
3	After looking at the great reviews Holsteins has, I definitely wanted to check it out to see what the hype was all about it. I was debating between checking out Holsteins and BurgR, but I decided to try Holsteins since the Cosmo is my FAVE hotel! Too bad Holsteins isn't as great as the rest of the hotel..I ordered the Golden Standard and of course I had to add an egg. With all the unique ingredients, I thought this burger was going to be awesome; but surprisingly it lacked the flavor I was looking for. I honestly think they need to season their meat a little more because I ordered the meat medium rare and it was dry. The burger just didn't "wow" me. I also up charged for the onion rings, and those weren't impressive at all. They taste like regular onion rings that you would get at a typical burger place. I unfortunately didn't have room to order their famous alcoholic shakes. Although my meal wasn't stellar, I definitely enjoyed how friendly the bartenders were. They were full of personality, and kept their guests entertained. I would return to Holsteins for their ice cold beer and alcoholic shakes, but I definitely would skip on the food..
5	Love this Place, when I leave Marquee Nightclub Its right there.  Fast service and the KOBE Burger is awesome.  The Music gets kind of loud after 11pm but the late night menu makes up for it! Got to love the Cosmo!
4	I've been to Vegas my fair share since I turned 21 and never even knew about Holsteins! I gave it a try and it was beyond delicious!I got the truffle lobster mac and cheese and half of the salmon burger. The burgers are so big and filling even though they don't look that big. My friend also got the billionaire burger which has foie gras and kobe beef with truffle mayo!!! the foie gras piece was a good size considering the burger was fairly expensive. They said it was really good as well.Service was good and prompt. Although the waiter at the table next to mine kept dropping water glasses causing loud noises throughout the dinner... HOPEFULLY he didn't get fired :/ The only bad thing was that they didn't allow one of my friends to bring in his Fat Tuesday which I can understand, but still somewhat of an annoyance!
4	Alcoholic milkshakes? I mean, whaaaaaat? When I first heard about it I thought it was absurd to mix milk and alcohol but after trying it... it was actually pretty good! I did not end up getting a buzz or anything but hayy youre in sin city so why not treat yourself?I ordered the Hen House burger with steak cut fries and the Drunken Monkey shake. I was more than satisfied and it was more than enough food. The burgers are big so be prepared to open wide! They are also extremely large so *clap clap* if you finish it all. The shake was delicious too! Im happy the waitress suggested the drunken monkey to me or else I would have fallen back on a classic oreo shake.... which I wouldnt have minded either :)
5	Came to Holsteins on my last Vegas trip on reccomendation from my brother. I'm glad we did!On the previous trip I had tried Burgr across the street and this place is definitely a better burger restaurant.It was a Sunday on a holiday weekend so it was fairly busy, we put our name in and they take your phone number so they can send a text when your table is ready. Went and played some slots for a half hour and BOOM, got a text, awesome.I ordered a Pretty simple burger, bacon cheese and a very good garlic sauce. I love that their burgers come with fries, so much easier to pay the "Burger bar" prices when it comes with a side. The burger was very good, perfectly cooked and great accompaniments.We also ordered one of the adult milkshakes, candy bar vodka and chocolate peanut butter flavorings, delicious. Serving was very good, fairly quick ticket times, no problems there.I will definitely be back ot Holsteins for my burger fix in Vegas.
2	You suck Holsteins! You have kids meal sizes and food is not really worth the price. I can go to McDonald's and get better milkshakes. I shall not be back.
3	We ordered the lobster rolls and surf and turf quesadillas. Lobster rolls were $16.50 for 2 really small servings. It was not at all what I expected. Mostly bread. Totally not worth it for me. Surf and turf quesadillas weren't that great either ($16).  Bland in my opinion for 4 small pieces. This place is not worth it for those who are price sensitive.
3	There's so much good food to choose from in Vegas, and I still come to Holstein's almost every time I'm here. I wish I could give it 3.5 stars...the food is delicious, but the prices are a little ridiculous.Last time I was here, I stopped by for a "bam-boozled shake" to go (their selection of spiked milkshakes)...the cereal bowl ($11)--vanilla ice cream, Stoli Vanil, and Cap'n Crunch blended to perfection and topped with whipped cream and a cherry. So. Delicious. It took FOREVER to get it, and it didn't seem like they were particularly busy, so I'm not sure what was going on.My favorite burger is the Rising Sun ($17)--Kobe beef, teriyaki glaze, nori furikake, crispy yam, spicy mayo, tempura avocado--but they're all tasty.
3	I've been to Holstein's twice now and both times I had good, not great experiences. Pros: - Creative, eye-catching decor- Alcoholic milkshakes- Interesting cocktail list- Decent burgersCons:- Very expensive (for a burger and fries)- Service is amateur (turnin' and burnin')- Server uniforms were so damn weird. We counted six different uniforms ranging from a dress shirt and tie to a girl wearing her underwear and a skin tight tank top...for such expensive food I thought the staff (and their uniforms) would be a little more cohesive- Slow service/food takes a long timeI think that two times was enough for us and we won't be back. Vegas is a Mecca of good food and service so unless something blows me away it's time to try something new.
4	Best burger ever! A lot different choices, and all taste good. My favorite is rising sun, a good combination of Japanese and burger.
4	Great atmosphere and location inside the cosmopolitan. Hip and casual! I sat at the bar and Anna took great care of me. Great selection of beers and the burger is a must! Fries were crisp and delicious! Didn't have a chance to try a shake but I will be back to give one a try.
2	All the locals recommended this place as one of the best burger places in town.The ambiance and decor is nice but the food was just OK. What we had:1. Turkey sliders - good2. Lobster Rolls - good3. Earth Burger - good4. Non alcoholic milkshakes - good5. Sweet potato fries- mehThey start you off with a small pail of popcorn. And then they bring your shakes and then the food takes a long time in coming. Our lunch for 4 came to $96 with tip. If you go, you are going more for the experience and the ambiance rather than the quality of the food. Good to try once but you can certainly find better.
3	Places that have awesome menus with food that doesn't live up to the menu creativity literally drive me CRAZY!  Holstein's was a nice find inside the Cosmo in Vegas and having to eat alone (on a work trip) it was nice to saddle up to the bar with some good football on TV.  As mentioned, the menu looks PHENOMENAL - items like:-Drunken Money milk shake-Truffle Mac-and all kinds of amazing burgers with kobe beef, fois gras, Borracho Onions (?)I ended up ordering the Rising Sun:Kobe Beef, Teriyaki Glaze, Nori Furikake, Crispy Yam, Spicy Mayo & Tempura Avocado with a fried egg on top. Overall, it was good, but I was hoping for that 'What About Bob' moment of pure overwhelming enjoyment...that is how they sell themselves and it just doesn't pay off.That all being said, the ambiance is strong, the bar is great, and the food is not bad at all . . . but as three stars is "A-OK" on Yelp - that is how I rate it.
3	We were starving after our drive from CA, craving burgers and this came up as soon as we typed "burgers" into my Yelp app. Parking structure was crowded but after we found parking and its was really easy to hop on the elevator and take it up to the 2nd floor. The restaurant was right outside the elevator! No wait on a Saturday at 3pm, but still pretty crowded. Service was fast and friendly. They give you complimentary popcorn but it is stale :(We ordered the rising sun burger which was delicious! And a pretty good size to share :) The kobe beef was perfectly cooked to medium as we requested. Cannot go wrong with this. We upgraded to onion rings which was tasty and crispy, but came in a small serving (they serve it in like a mini bucket, see picture). We also ordered the lobster Mac and Cheese and buffalo chicken dip. These also were fairly small servings but with all three items, my fiance and I still had leftovers. Mac and cheese was delish, with a slight hint of truffle and chunks of lobster. Awesome. Buffalo chicken dip came recommended by the waitress but I would not order it. FIrst of all, the tortilla chips that came with it were stale! Just like the popcorn! I'd expect more from a restaurant in a nice hotel (especially for the prices). The dip itself was okay, had a nice kick to it from the tobasco and had chunks of cheese in it, but the texture with the stringy chicken was really weird. And it was on the salty side. I think I had expected something different, like actually buffalo chicken pieces WITH a dip, but even then, I was not excited by this dish. -2 stars for the prices, popcorn, and chicken dip but everything else was good!
4	This place is located in Aria across from Marquee. I was told this was one of the top burger spots on the strip and they weren't lying. I would not recommend ordering appetizers if you're going for the burgers because the burgers themselves are really filling.I got the steakhouse burger which OMG, the meat patty melts in your mouth. -drool- My party each got different things but everyone said it was pretty amazing. The fries could be a little better but other than that I was not disappointed. The wait is also significantly less than BurgR across the way.
5	Of course this place is going to be pricey! It's the cosmopolitan! Came here 30 minutes before they closed. Usually wouldn't go in since it closed so soon, but this place was packed! My sister got a Bloody Mary and I had the Thai beef salad. Wow! Both were amazing. The bartenders were really busy and very attentive. One of the female bartenders didn't look like she was in a good mood but the Barback and the other bartender were welcoming and made conversation for a bit despite how busy they were. I loved how the staff seemed very young! I like a place who hires the young and gives them a chance to prove themselves. This is coming from a server who would work her butt off to get in a place like that!! Haha anyways I loved this place and would definitely be coming back:)
4	This place has been reviewed a bit on Yelp, and the 4-star is about par for the course. The atmosphere is very lively, but that might have been just because there was a Thursday night football game going on at the time of our meal. Either way, it definitely seems like the place gets a lot of action. Gotta love the decor of the place: cartoon cows We had the Thai Beef Salad, the Gold Standard, and the Oreo shake. Watch out for the Thai Beef Salad! It's good but it has a sweet/super spicy sauce mixed into it... it tasted a lot like Korean gochujang. The Gold Standard lived exactly to its expectations, but what else would expect from a $20 burger? And the Oreo shake was the perfect mix of thick consistency: not too watery but not thick enough that you feel like you need to suck your brains out through the straw. The place IS expensive (my only semi gripe about the place... it's hard to justify buying a $20 beef sandwich) but you're in Vegas so just deal with it! The place is far from a 'deal' meal, but I would still highly recommend it.
5	YUM. Great burger place. We checked in with foursquare and each got a free drink from the special they were offering! I got the beef burger topped with thick sliced smoked bacon and a fried egg, salad on the side. But god damn the other specialty burgers looked SO good too. Will definitely be back to try more! Really cool atmosphere and nice servers.
4	We came here craving burgers and thought this place looked great. A little bit of a walk if you're half-drunk and in stilettos, but I made it and live to tell about it. Burgers here may not be huge in diameter, but they are DENSE. Really delicious combos of flavors...I think it's hard to go wrong when you're ordering here. We had the S'mores boozy milkshake, which didn't really stack up to the price tag, but was tasty nonetheless. The house-made marshmallow on top was an awesome touch. You can easily split one of these with a friend and get more than enough. The service, decor, and people watching here is great. I would definitely return, at the very least to see another bachelorette party get heckled by the grossest tornado of bros (a bronado?) in the world. Go!
4	The ahi poke is filled with flavor. I reccomend this dish if you want something light to eat.  If you are hungry get the big fat greek lamb burger.  It was so filling and moist with a side of sweet potato fries!
5	Great reviews so we decided to try this place. Whoever we asked for their recommendation was the Rising Sun. I can tell you it was very good. I never had a burger taste so good. If you are staying at Cosmo or if you visit Cosmo and do not try this place; you are missing big time.
5	Holsteins is definitely my go to spot for burgers. I had the Gold Standard burger which was hands down the best burger I've ever had. The fries were just okay, but other than that everything was perfect. Service included, which I find quite rare these days. I will definitely be back to try one of the shakes and the lobster mac and cheese which everyone raves about. And there's no doubt that I rave about this spot to everyone who loves a great burger.
5	My second time at this place, I'm not sure a burger can be any more delicious than the Gold Standard.  They have La fin Du Monde on tap, period.
5	Shakes with alcohol? pumpkin spice and crown maple?! YES, PLEASE!! Came here for a shake and stayed for a burger and fries.  All were yum-mazng!!  The billionaire burger was cray cray, but delish.  My sunrise burger was on-point....and sweet potato fries and natural cut fries were good too.That lobster mac and cheese though....along with the alcoholic desserts are what's going to bring me back!!
3	Gold Standard and Rising Sun burgers were decent. Worst fries I have ever had. They were burnt, cold and the oil needed to be changed in the fryer. When I mentioned this to the server, she said they are always like that. She suggested we fill out a comment card. $43 for 2 burgers, bad fries, a diet Coke and an ice tea.
3	The food was pretty damn good, but the noise was too much. It's a restaurant, not a nightclub - however, there's a DJ inside blasting music at above reasonable levels. I asked for them to lower the volume, and they refused. In fact, when I asked, I was told "yeah, a lot of people ask us to, but we can't." He said they get a request to turn it down just about every day. I asked if anyone had ever said they liked it loud or commented that they appreciated the music, and he said "no." There's no dance floor. It's not set up for people to rock out or whatever. It's just a sit-down restaurant inside the mall area of the hotel/casino. Pretty fucking stupid to play music that loud when no one likes it.It's not like they are trying to entice people to come in either because the speakers all face inward. Once you step out into the walkway just outside the entrance, the music gets a lot quieter. It was just really absurd listening to "back dat ass up" while trying to enjoy a meal and a conversation with my girlfriend. It made it impossible. Noise aside, the food was pretty good. Some items were better than others. Burger was okay. Lobster Mac and Cheese was good. Cheesesteak rolls were okay. The milkshake was really good. I would give this place a 4 if it wasn't for the loudness inside. Another note is that the artwork on the walls was depressing. Sad cartoons that could have been drawn by peta in an attempt to turn people into vegetarians. Almost as bad a choice as the music. I liked the art, but it was pretty much a bummer. The decor was otherwise pretty good. Staff was nice enough as well. I'd eat their food again, but not in their restaurant.
4	great atmosphere, great burgers, and awesome drinks! The service was friendly and helpful!We ordered the lobster mac N cheese which was good, the rising sun burger with a fried egg (ahhhhmazing), the steakhouse burger which was okay, and as far as drinks we got the birthday cake, oreo, and cereal bowl. All the drinks were delish. I ordered the birthday cake twice =D
5	Absolutely amazing burgers and shakes,  blows Chica poblano out of the water.  Much better bang for your buck and better food.  Split a burger and was stuffed. A absolute must have.
3	We came here with friends and overall was good but not great.  Pretty cool atmosphere and artwork - kinda reminded me of Toki Doki. Service was attentive but nothing special. We ordered:1) Wife ordered the lobster roll which came with a side of cole slaw. She also ordered the sweet potato fries. 2) I ordered the Rising Sun that came with a side of regular fries. I also ordered a "bam-boozled" tiramisu shake. 3) We also had a chance to try the truffle lobster mac n cheese along with the surf n turf quesadilla.The lobster roll was good along with the sweet potato fries. The Rising Sun burger was slightly on the salty side and the regular fries were just okay - kinda soggy. The bam-boozled Tiramisu shake was delicious along with the truffle lobster mac n cheese. Overall an ok spot to eat but the burger I had was just so-so. Maybe we'll give them another shot when we're in Vegas and try something else other than the Rising Sun.
4	I wish I would have been feeling better when we had dinner here, but I was under the weather so wasn't super hungry or in a drinking mooooood.   I had a Nom Nom Burger and it was really good.  My husband ordered the buffalo wings from the app menu and he loved them - said they had a good spice to them.  That was kind of the extent of what we ate and from that, I can definitely recommend the food.We arrived around 6 on a Sunday night and were seated promptly.  Our server was attentive and kept my water full and the food came out very quickly.  When we ordered, there was a lot of up-selling and recommendations - but since we ordered so little, I guess that is to be expected.But, overall, in our short, limited food experience, I had a good time and would return and/or recommend Holsteins to others.  In fact, I would definitely like to return to try some of those boozy shakes!
3	The food here was good. Gotta try the Mexican car bombs. I love the atmosphere. The service was ok. The bartender could have been a little more attentive. Overall it was a good experience.
4	Not much I can say that hasn't been said before. The place IS loud at night as they DO have a DJ pumping out ultra-loud tunes, but my burger, and my wife's mini hot dogs, were very delicious so I could definitely see coming back here on our next vacation. We only had soda as we had been drinking free booze in the casino earlier in the evening, but they have a very extensive beer selection and numerous alcohol-laced shakes to choose from.
4	The shakes and appetizers are delicious! We didn't try the burgers because of previous reviews, but we would definitely return to Holsteins again and would recommend it to those who are looking for a casual meal.
4	The burgers here are really good!  They have such a variety of them.  The billionaire burger was rich in flavor and was very satiating.  Their bam-boozled shakes (milkshake for adults) are really good.  They paired the alcohol so well with the shakes.  My favorite is the Tiramisu shake which was so decadent it was like drinking a dessert.  I will be back to try the other shakes and burgers!
1	Being a restaurant at The Cosmopolitan I had possible hopes of a good meal.As soon as my girlfriend and I walked into the restaurant I could sense the unprofessionalism of the wait staff and hostess. The hostess had very dark make up on her face which was completely the wrong color for her complexion. It was very distracting and uncomfortable. I would have thought the manager would have said something to her.  On to the food, I did like the salt and vinegar popcorn that was brought out complimentary. We ordered a coffee which was completely watered down and tasteless, the turkey burger, and the Chicago dogs. The turkey burger was inedible but I was starving so I had half. The tomato was light red and unappetizing and the flavor of the meat was sickening. It was accompanied with naturally cut fries and I could taste the dirtiness of the oil. I did not try my girlfriends mini Chicago hot dogs but she said they tasted previously frozen. I tried her sweet potato fries and they were not cooked properly what so ever. I called over a manager to tell him the quality of the food was terrible and he comped our entire meal.
5	Wow what does one say about this place? The decor is absolutely refreshing and the artwork is not only cute but funny. They have a large array of milkshakes not only alcoholic but non as well. Being that this is my second time I went for the Holstein Beef sliders and I was no disappointed. The fries are amazing and the sliders were perfection. I'm using a mix of past and current...I'm confused. Our server Andy was very attentive of everything we wanted and I would go here again and again!!
2	Just ok...poor fries, onion rings too breaded and burger was average at best... Head to In n Out , you'll be better off and have an extra $80 in ur wallet ... Seriously $101 for 3 burgers!!! Shake was excellent ...
4	Second best burger place on the strip in my opinion. I've had the "Gold Standard" and the "Nom Nom Burger", both of which are delicious
1	Awful service, period. Had initial round of cocktails, but then didn't see our server until the check was ready. Bacon was raw on my burger and when it was brought to the staff's attention, they said "oh" and walked away. We finally had to flag down a bus boy to bring us water. Check came to $81, and the server thought he did us a favor by comping a Coke. Puh-lease.
4	Yum! We were looking for something relaxed for our first dinner in Vegas and did a Yelp search for "burger." The Gordon Ramsey "BURGR" joint was packed, so we headed to Holstein's, located in the Cosmopolitan. We had about a 20 minute wait, though we got there around 9:00pm. They text you when your table is ready, which conveniently allows you to wander around the hotel for a bit. Service was great - very friendly. We liked the popcorn that is provided before the meal - tasted a bit like ranch, but apparently was salt and vinegar.I ordered the "Rising Sun" burger; my partner the "El Machete." I think the Rising Sun might have been more successful if they hadn't doused the patty (which was cooked to a perfect, almost medium rare "medium") with so much sauce (minus one star). I love salt, but even that was too much for me. The El Machete burger was also very good, with a quiet heat going on in the background thanks to a couple of mellowed Anaheim chiles.If we'd be hungrier, we might have sprung for one of the boozy shakes, which sounded lovely.
3	I came here on a sunday for lunch and there was no wait at all. The place is so adorable you just want to snap pictures all around the restaurant. The shakes are nothing special...even with alcohol you won't get any sort of buzz. As for the burgers...there is something special in their sauce that makes their burgers extraordinary. Billionaire burger: I wanted to try this because of the foie gras which mind you does not cover the whole burger. It is just a couple of bites before it's all gone with over half the burger left. The sauce is good but I don't think the burger is worth the price The fries are average  Lobster Mac n' Cheese: I'd say this dish is poorly executed given that I could not taste the lobster  The Gold Standard is delicious...if you're going to order a burger that's the one. The flavors meld together perfectly. This is how a burger should be done. There is a free beer when you check in on four square but it's not good at all. I'd pass on it even though it's free.
4	I had the classic burger and it was just perfect.   Juicy, mouth watering and perfectly cooked.  Brioche bun with a little sauce, tomatoes and super thin sliced onions.   Good, cheerful service too.  My only complaint is the wait quote for 45 minutes by the hostess when it took 6 minutes to seat us.
4	Great burgers and outrageous shakes! I know that is what they are known for, but they really go over the top. Called at 5:45 and asked for a table of 10 for 6:30 and they were able to accomodate me. The fact that they could make their milkshakes non-alcoholic was a treat for my kids. The burgers were delicious and satisfying for everyone.
4	Its what the name says, burgers and shakes.  We started with the wings and they were delicious.  The diablo burger had a kick but fell apart easy.  The ahi burger sliders were good but small.  The smores shake was heavenly.  Service was ok.  Place is casual for sure.
1	Very slow service, didn't get the order right, server didn't return to table until 20 minutes after the food was served.  Once told about the wrong order, management didn't even apologize, but offered to deduct the "extras" (cheese, advocados)? Won't return
5	Updating once again based on experiencing the BILLIONAIRE BURGER.My friend and I ended up eating here because we came to Cosmopolitan to eat at Comme Ca, unfortunately SEMA was in town and Comme Ca was hosting an event in their dining room. Being that we did not want to sit and eat at the overly crowded bar at Comme Ca, we walked over to Holsteins. We had to wait for a seat here too so I was really freakin hungry when we sat down. One bummer about this experience was they did not bring out any complimentary popcorn. *womp womp*Other than that our server was very nice and helpful. He knew the menu well. BUT. My friend and I knew we were getting the Billionaire Burger because we HAD to have a burger with foie gras in it. Yep. This burger comes with a big chunk of grilled foie gras right in the burger. It has Kobe beef with frisee, port-onion marmalade and truffle mayonnaise. DANG. If you don't feel like hitting the high-roller tables after this burger something is wrong with you. I also added some cheese to mine. We also split the "Snickers, Please!" dessert, which was decent, but I would suggest going with one of their bomboozled milkshakes and have it WITH your burger instead.Holstein's does it RIGHT in the world of fancy burgers in Vegas.
4	Great choice!! Had the Memphis Burger, filling and very tasty. Holstein's brew, which is PBR  is exactly what I needed to start my 2 day stay. I did ask for PBR and the waitstaff told me that Holsteins was PBR.
4	Really good but really pricey. This place is located on the 2nd floor of the cosmopolitan  and is always busy. The noise level is super loud so don't expect a quiet place for lunch or dinner. The staff is friendly and paid a decent amount of us despite the lunch rush. The burgers we got were both medium rare and perfect! I ordered the rising sun and my boyfriend ordered the golden standard. If you get the chance try the shakes!
5	Excellent burgers.  Burger was done perfectly.  Lots of flavor and a perfect char.  Lobster truffle Mac and cheese was great.  Service was spot on.We had dinner about 10pm on Sunday and there was no wait.I definitely recommend this place if you are in Vegas looking for a burger.
4	I've been here on a couple of different trips and you can't go wrong with the food. I've had the Gold Standard (aged goat cheese and bacon) which was just smashing, and really, any place that volunteers a FRIED EGG on your burger is a winner in my book. The booze shakes are an extra plus (cause, aren't you keeping a consistent level of alcohol in your system at all times in Vegas anyway?). The service is good, the prices are reasonable, and overall it's a good strip-stop that's a happy medium of tasty-yet-affordable.
4	The surf 'n turf quesadilla I got here was really good, but it was pretty small for the price ($13?). My friends seemed to enjoy their burgers and milkshakes.Would come back here again, seems like a decent spot to land if you're at Cosmo.
3	The burgers are fantastic (though pricey)! I ordered the red velvet shake and it was also pretty good. However, one of the people I was with ordered the Fat Boy shake, which is listed on the menu as a caramel popcorn and pretzel combination. It came out with captain crunch and tasted like butterfinger. We complained to the waiter who informed us we were mistaken for wanting something else. It was escalated to the manager who also informed us that we were the ones in the wrong. The Fat Boy was designed to be a surprise mix of ingredients (which makes sense considering the title). Change the menu to provide an accurate description! The service obviously left a lot to be desired.
3	Came in only to try a shake ($11.00). We got the Brown Cow Float, which is essentially an alcoholic Root Beer Float... oh man, it was creamy, frothy, and best of all the Pop Rocks tossed on top played on the tongue so nicely. I think I giggled every time I got a mouthful, but I'm silly like that.Art on the walls is by Juan Muniz, and I was impressed. Street art style, looked like it was commissioned for the restaurant specifically. Very cool!Otherwise this place is a fairly typical bar-- I want to say sports bar, but there wasn't that theme, it just had that feel. The hostess was very friendly and did her best to answer all the questions our friend grilled her with about the restaurant. Nice place for a drink, maybe next time I'll try the food.
3	First time here, had "The Rising Sun" and it wasn't spectacular at all. Was hoping for a better burger. Nothing too special.. just a gourmet burger place with a whole bag of salt. The burger was way too salty.. i thought they were trying to overdose me with salt... it was to the point where I could not stop drinking water after the meal. A good casual place to eat.
4	Upon hearing more bad than good reviews regarding this eatery, I decided that it wasn't worth the risk of a potentially bad meal. However, since a large group of us were already on property tonight, it was the best choice for a relatively inexpensive dinner. I attempted to make a reservation via OpenTable, but it stated that there were no reservations remaining for the evening. Then I called. The hostess explained that they are no longer taking reservations for the evening, but she would be happy to get us a table when we arrived and that there was a "short" wait for less than 30 minutes. Since we were not physically at the restaurant, we could not put our name on the list. Humph. Anyway, we get to the restaurant and are given a 30-35 minute wait for our group of nine. A bit longer than I enjoy waiting, but it worked out well - we received our table within 10 minutes (and via text message; very convenient)!Most of us decided on selections from the "Big Buns" category (good ol' burgers and fries). I had a hard time choosing between a couple of their burgers, but I'm very pleased that our server directed me to their most popular selection - the "Gold Standard" ($17.50). Dry aged beef sirloin burger with smoked bacon, aged goat cheddar cheese, tomato confit, baby arugula, and garlic-chive aioli. HOLY TASTEBUDS. That first bite was euphoric. I can't even describe it, but I'll always remember how I felt - amazing. I was raving to everyone at the table and the two people that tasted my burger affirmed my praise, as well as stating that it was much better than the burgers they were eating (Memphis Burger - very tasty - and The Rising Sun - shrug). I've had other goat cheese-arugula-tomato burgers and this one does it MUCH better. Because the goat cheese is blended with cheddar (haven't quite wrapped my head around this yet lol), it isn't too pungent and all the other flavors were so well balanced. Get the Gold Standard; medium rare, of course. Really, really good.With your "Big Buns" order, you have a choice of regular fries, side salad, or a $2 upgrade for sweet potato fries or thick cut onion rings. I got their regular fries and they were really tasty and well cooked. I also tried the Fried Pickles ($9) - perfect dill spears with good crispy exterior, served with an herb-caper mayo - and a Strawberry Milkshake ($8) - really creamy, delicious strawberry flavor. Overall, all the food was great!Our server was really nice and very helpful, however, we received only one visit between receiving our food and finishing our meal, so most of our water glasses weren't refilled. Then we found ourselves having to wave our arms for attention. I figured the servers must be overwhelmed, but it seems that the restaurant is always busy and it's as if no one has figured out how to properly handle the capacity of customers.I'm curious as to why people have been so unhappy with Holsteins, but I can guess. Based on our experience prior to and during our dinner, I'm sure they have their off days or the service may be even less attentive than it was today. Hopefully I won't have to experience any of those things during future visits or even better, that it'll improve!
3	This place is a hit or miss as for experience dining inside.I can't deny that their burgers are delicious but depending on what time and server you get, your experience will depend on service.I came to Holsteins a couple of times and the first time was great. Good service, good waiters and good food. The second time I came, it was horrrrrrrible!! The food was good as always. But the service was just terrible! The thing that angered me the most is that it was only our table receiving such bad service. We see others receiving their food promptly and watching the managers check up on them but when the manager came across our table, he straight turned away and ignored us!!! Didn't even ask if we were doing alright. Which we weren't! We waited forever to get our food and the waiter was pretty much non-existent to us! It took forever to get his attention and we even waited forever for our check even when we asked for it.The third time, we learned better so we decided to order togo and eat in our rooms. That way, we don't have to deal with inconsistent service.Anyways, as for the food. Definitely try the billionaire burger. Hey, you're in Vegas so go big or go home! The foie gras is perfectly seared and so flavorful and the combination of the onions and truffle sauce is sooo good! So worth the price! Only $28! If you want something a little bit reasonable, the rising sun, the fun-ghi and el machete are all delicious as well! It's surprisingly a good burger joint and is a must try if you're staying in Cosmo!
5	Wow.... Toshi the bartender is AWESOME! He really knows how to take care of your group. His specialty is making incredible concoctions that the females in the group can enjoy. I am definitely coming back here. Great vibe at the bar and fair prices! As for the food, I give it 4 stars. Toshi is the only reason this place is getting 5.
4	Thought we would have to wait considering it was NYE and lunch time, but surprisingly the restaurant was bigger than expected and we were seated for 8 right away.  The server came over and took our drink orders and told us the specials right away.To start we ordered the pork sliders and pork belly buns.. Someone loves pork!  They were both pretty good.  The pork sliders had an Asian twist with cilantro and peanut sauce.  It was a good combination.  The pork belly buns were good and tasty, but a little too fatty for my tasting.  I took a bite and it was all fat. No meat at all.  It was seasoned well, but I didn't like the fat texture.  Overall the appetizers were good.  We also ordered amazing onion rings that were stacked really high.  They were so crispy and so good. I ordered the rising sun burger cooked medium.  It was delicious and I think I could've eaten it all myself, but I shared it.  It came with steak fried which were thick but crispy.  Other people ordered a salad which looked good, but didn't taste good.  (But who orders a salad at a burger joint?) It was a waste if money because it costs doubled for the salad compared to my burger.  I'm sure they will never order a salad at a burger joint ever again. Service was good and they gave us popcorn as he delivered everyone water.  I wanted to ask when the movie started.  The popcorn was good.  Some people in my group didn't like it, but i didn't order a salad at a burger joint so I really liked my burger.  Will definitely go back to try a shake with my burger.
5	My husband and I stayed in Las Vegas for a week. We went the first night to this restaurant since it was close to our hotel room. We ended up comparing the 'billionaire burger' to every other restaurant we ate at. Nothing could compare! This billionaire burger with kobe beef, caramlized onions and truffle mayo is delicious!  We had to go back on our last night.
4	Want inexpensive and good food inside a hotel? Cosmopolitan has it set for you.  Good service, vibe, and American comfort food of burgers (with cool toppings) are waiting for you!
5	Finally, a Vegas burger restaurant that puts smile on my face. There's a DJ in the restaurant, so if you are not here for the LOUD music - come here before 9 ~ 10 PM.Good service and free complimentary popcorn - unfortunately, it tasted like a regular popcorn (I like kettle corn better than plain popcorn).Truffle lobster mac n cheese (creamy Tallegio-mascarpone Sauce, with Maine lobster and black truffle - $16.5) - Wow, what an amazing appetizer. Not too creamy with a hint of lobster flavor. Definitely one of the top mac n cheese in my book.The Rising Sun (Kobe beef, teriyaki glaze, nori furikake, crispy yam, spicy mayo & tempura avocado - $17, medium rare) - I love it! I really liked the tempura-fried avocado and the Kobe beef patty. The only downside? Teriyaki sauce was a bit too strong. Excellent burger and mac n cheese, enough said. P.S. - It's located at 2nd floor of the Cosmopolitan, right across from the Marquee Nightclub.P.S.S. - This restaurant serves booze shakes.
2	Went back w/ my girls (that have major allergies) & was very disappointed w/ how they've changed.... They could not have any fried foods like french fries, cuz they have a seafood allergy, and i was told that they fry the calamari in the same fryer???? That right there is major red flag for anyone w/ a seafood allergy!! So, be aware people w/ allergies.....ASK & TELL your server about your allergies,  before you order!!!
4	fries are a bit too salty but i would come back
4	I'm docking Holsteins are star because the service has gotten to be somewhat hit or miss.  Sometimes on point, sometimes not so much.  Others have made similar observations, so I know it's not just me.  Let's put it this way, I skipped Holsteins on my most recent trip because I was uncertain about how the service was going to be.  And  based the service that caused me to skip Holsteins on my most recent trip, the four-star rating is itself a bit of a legacy rating.
4	I want to start off saying that I am not a fan of burgers or milkshake...with that said, this place is pretty solid, the burgers good and the shakes are quite creative, my husband tells me that this is the best burger place he has been to, so I guess Ill take his words for it. Sam's Burger in Sf is my fav, but this place aint bad =)
5	Located in the Cosmopolitan, second floor, across from Race Sports and Marquee. We got very lost trying to find the place. The map initially made it look like it was in the Bellagio, then Vdara... Had to ask a few people along the way for directions.Once we found it, we got seated right away in the bar area, about a 10 minute wait for a normal table. Great beer list, fun grown-up milkshakes, and good burgers and fries. The sweet potato fries are better than the plain ones, in case you're on the fence about which to get. All in all, worth the trek we had to take to find the place.
5	I've eaten at a lot of nice burger places in my life, living in SF (Umami Burger, Burger Bar, Roam Burger) and the burger I had at Holsteins was the best burger I've had. This is one of the best casual dining places to eat at the Cosmopolitan. It's on the second floor, across from Race Sports, China Poblano and Marquee. If you're thinking of eating at China Poblano, go here instead - it's 1/3 of the price and 3 times better.There were a ton of creative burger options on the menu, as well as great looking milkshakes (probably equal to your entire daily caloric intake). Everyone raved about the Rising Sun burger and I've never had a Japanese twist to a burger before, nor a Kobe beef patty before. It was as good as the pictures look, and as good as everyone raves about. For $17, the bun was toasty and fresh, the teriyaki glaze was not too salty or overpowering, and the meat patty was moist and delicious. I couldn't really pinpoint the exact taste of the spicy mayo and furikake, but I'm sure it just complemented every bite. The crispy yam bits and tempura avocado added the perfect crunch. My only complaint was the burger was a little hard to eat (it was super tall), and hard to get a little of everything in each bite, but nothing that would prevent me from ordering this again and again.  I paid $2 extra for onion rings which were perfectly fried, crispy, and fresh.Each bite was perfection - my mouth is salivating thinking about this meal. I haven't eaten a lot of burgers in Las Vegas, but I don't need to try any other places - I'll just keep coming back here to repeat this burger and new ones.
2	Overpriced for mediocre food and service. Our server also had an attitude the entire time he was helping us. I've gone here several times with my girlfriends on our Vegas trips, and we've had a lackluster experience each time.I ordered their most popular burger (recommended to me by the server), and it was very oversalted. I couldn't finish it.Skip this restaurant, and hit the buffet!!
3	Went to Holsteins on our last trip to vegas. When we ate here it was packed. Tables are also close together so the seating was a bit cramped for my liking. Our Server however was excellent. He was friendly and knew the menu well. I decided to go with the Kobe burger. It had chips on it which added a interesting flavor to the burger. I also went with one of the loaded shakes. The shake was great and by far my favorite part of the meal. The burger was good however a bit on the dry side. It was a good size just not on par with The Burger bar or Ramsey burger. One nice thing here though is the fries were included with the burger unlike Ramsey burger (they are included at the burger bar also). As one of the more popular places to eat at the Cosmopolitan Holsteins could use a bigger dinning room. Over all the burger here is good but I like the Burger bar and Ramsey's if you are looking for a gourmet burger. Don't miss out on the loaded milkshakes though!!!
5	The Gold Standard burger with an egg added was really really good. I thought the patty had just the right amount of bite and flavor. The bun was also superb-- just the right texture. I'm pretty easily impressed when it comes to gourmet burgers though. My husband got the burger with the chips in it.. nom nom. It was a little plain and not so nom nom. He wanted mine.The sweet potato fries are way worth the $1 upgrade. They were perfection on my tongue. Nice and crispy and chewy.We also split the autumn house salad... it was SO good. Lots of fresh greens and fruit tossed with a sweet but tart apple vinaigrette.We split the tiramisu adult shake and it was delicious with little chocolate and espresso bean shavings. Wanted to try others but we were way too full.Great draft beer selection too.But the 5 stars really goes to the outstanding waitstaff. My husband was in a wheelchair and barely up on crutches during our visit. He needed to use the restroom and when he asked where it was, our waitress was like "wait, there's a line right now" and actually offered to keep checking to see if the line cleared and let us know. I can't remember her name but she was a sweetheart!
5	YES. YES. YES.I love everything about Holstein's.  Their food is SO GOOD - get the Asian pork belly - OMG.  The milkshakes look amazing but I haven't tried them yet as I'm usually hitting up Marquee later that night and need to save some room for liquor.  Ambiance is great.  The decor is hilarious and cool at the same time - like butcher shop meets harajuku lovers?  And they have a great DJ that plays after 10 (love that they're open super late!)I will continue to come here every time I'm in Vegas, and you probably should too.
5	Hands down the best burger I have ever eaten.  Their menu is so versatile and each and every burger is unique and delicious.  The also have a variety of milkshakes that you are able to make alcoholic.  I sat at the bar, which was large and had multiple tv's.  The bartender's were on point and a pleasure to talk to.  My bartenders name was Anna, and she was wonderful.  The entire experience for me was great and perfect. I will definitely be back here again and urge anyone who is in town to stop by and give your taste buds a treat.
4	I had the steakhouse burger and fries and I couldn't stop eating them. It was really good! The restaurant is loud but that doesn't bother me and our waitress was nice. Next vegas trip we'll be going again!
4	Went for a lunch meeting. Good service, good food! Solid all the way around. Since it was more business than pleasure could not enjoy as much as would have like, but will be back again.
1	Overpriced for mediocre food and service. We were recommended to come here by some friends and since we were already staying at the Cosmo, we decided to come here for dinner one night. It's located right across from Marquee. We were promptly seated upon arriving around 9pm on a Tuesday night, no wait. I ordered a Caesar's salad with chicken and my friend ordered a Memphis burger. The service here was horrible. They never come by to check up on you nor seem to care. All the servers seem to have this haughty attitude to them. My salad came out without the chicken I requested. Once I told them it took forever for them to bring out the chicken. The food is just as bad. Chicken was way too dry and looks gross. The burger lacked flavors and the patty was also super dry. We had to flag them down for them to bring us condiments. Who doesn't need ketchup or mustard at a burger joint?!Maybe one of these days I will muster up the courage to give them a second chance but for now, pass!
5	Amazing burgers!!!  Honestly, the BEST burger I've ever had.  A true chef's creative touch makes these burgess extra special. The Fun-Ghi was the best!!  My husband had the Salmon burger and the sashimi on top of the grilled filet of salmon was the special touch making it fabulous. Kids ate every last bite on their plate as well... CA turkey burger and kids sliders. Will be back if we end up in Vegas next year!
2	After reading the reviews, I was so excited to come here, since my Husband and Brother in law were looking forward to a great burger. Unfortunately we will not be back EVER.  Service was slow since we had to wait for our waitress to ask us for drinks after 10 minutes and waited another 10 just for the drinks. Food was so-so (except the milkshake which I must say was delicious according to my Niece). But then we all got sick within the hour after eating Turkey burgers and Gold Standard.  Not one in our party of 6 was saved from the need to sight see every restroom in the Vegas Strip near the Cosmopolitan. Maybe this was a fluke but I cant risk coming back here and being disappointed again.
5	Hands down the best burger place I have been to. The quality of the meats is very good, and the serving size will leave you completely full and going home with a doggy bag. I've tried half the burgers on the list, and they have all been great, although the million dollar burger was the least impressionable and totally not worth it. When in doubt, keep it simple and get the nom nom or get the flavorful rising sun with a side salad or the sweet potato fries. Also, try the lobster mac and cheese! It comes with lobster chunks and sprinkled with bread crumbs. You're tongue an stomach will be please, and even as a midnight snack or leftovers, it will still taste good!
3	I guess we were expecting too much but overall it was just average.  I've had better burgers at a much less price.  Again it was bad, but for the price I was expecting greatness.  Last word of advice, definitely get the burgers and say no to the sliders.
4	Yum, yum, and more yum!One of the places I look forward to stopping at in Vegas. Their burgers are delicious, and I love their shakes. I always seem to go back to the Gold Standard, it's probably my favorite burger there. Everything is a bit expensive, but I guess you get what you pay for... Although they could be a little lower. Half a star down for that.The popcorn in buckets while you wait definitely help settle your stomach down a bit. It's so delicious, and I never thought a higher-end restaurant pulled off popcorn as an appetizer so well.The other reason they don't have five stars is because of their service. It always seems to take forever to get things. Whether with three people, or a group of high schoolers, it always takes forever.BOTTOM LINE:If you have time, and you don't mind spending a lot, this place is worth the taste!
5	This was the first stop on the strip for my boyfriend and I and we were not disappointed. First of all, their chocolate shake is THE BEST I've ever had. And I've had a lot of shakes in my life. I can't pin point just what makes it so delicious, but it is incredible. I loved the dining room. Plenty of seating and large, yet still cosy and intimate. I wasn't crazy about my turkey burger, but that's probably due to the fact that I was full and blown away by the shake I had already downed. Their fries and onion rings however, are great. All in all, I would (and have) return.
1	I wish I could remember how the food was, but the service was so bad, I just scarfed down my burger and got the hell outta dodge.We were guided to the lounge and promised full service - yet 5-10 minutes later no one come by to even greet us.  Additionally, group of 3 ladies took the booth right next to us and were waited on almost immediately while we were promptly ignored.  We asked to be moved to a table and politely made our wait time known to both the front and back area hostesses.  The hostess who showed us to our seat assured me that we were seated in "her favorite waitress' area and she'd send her right over."  Well, after several more minutes of being ignored (a female waitress gave 2 tables within arms reach a check and cleaned off their table without ever making eye contact with us) a male server finally came over to take our order.  I was supremely frustrated and ready to leave when a server arrived. Overall it really put a damper on our Las Vegas experience, even though I was dressed in trendy cocktail attire and my companion in a button up shirt and khakis, we were still feeling deliberately ignored by at least 2 servers, and our current server seemed a little apologetic but never said so and didn't offer us anything to make up for it.  I fully regret not leaving before ordering.
5	Definitely one of the best burger and shake restaurants I've ever been to. Service was excellent! Loved everything my waiter recommended.The burger and lobster roll was delicious. But what made this place a 5 star for me personally was the alcoholic shake, sooooooo gooooootttttt.If you love pumpkin flavor, you MUST get the pumpkin pie shake. I would trade my first born child for it. Haha jk. But no really, it's out-of-this-world delicious.
4	If I had a sixth sense, it would be recognizing great beef. Holsteins burgers definitely hit the mark in the beef category. I would give it the nod over the Burger Bar. Opted for the Gold Standard and it was a great choice. Pair it with one of their shakes (had the Oreo) and you have something that is "Last Meal" worthy.It helped as during the commercial break from the game, the attractive lady behind the bar had my attention. Ooowee
5	LOVE THIS PLACE!!!The spiked shakes are delicious and they give you the extras too so when you're done with your cup you just add more from the silver cup they gave you.  It's like ordering more but only paying for one :)I love all the cute pictures on the wall, really wish they sold them on shirts or something.   Have had quite a few burgers from here and I will say that they are all good.  The billionaire burger might be a little overrated but it's still good.Never really had to wait here which is awesome compared to some of the buffet lines in Vegas.  Will for sure be back here quite a few more times.
5	This was amazing!  Had the Nom Nom Burger and it was awesome!  Enjoyed the cocktail that our waiter recommended, the blood orange Cosmo and it was perfect.  If you get a waiter named Derrick, he is great.  Very helpful in selecting the perfect burger!  Would come back in a heart beat!
4	Def one of my fave burger places - maybe because it's located in one of my fave places to stay in Vegas: The Cosmopolitan. The burgers are delicious and cooked to perfection. The only downside is a burger and fries cost around $20. Love the vibe. Service is good. It's definitely worth checking out.
5	Both Julia D and myself loved Holsteins. We wandered along around 11 am in search of a hearty meal that would cover both breakfast and lunch so after much deliberation and indecisiveness (from me) we decided to go for hamburgers.To my delight they were showing the NFL games in a bar area and had a screen in a quieter area which I ended up following. The server was incredibly helpful, I liked the way the menu was explained especially how every burger option on the menu can be customized. As someone who doesn't go for a huge amount of toppings on a burger this was much appreciated. The burgers themselves were great, really good quality beef which tasted great. Holsteins really hit the spot and provided one of the best meals I ate in Las Vegas
5	I came here when I stayed in the Cosmopolitan last December. Holsteins was very conveniently located and fairly priced. We didn't have to wait long for a table, either. Food was good, service was good. I would definitely come back :) FYI - boyfriend and I both checked in via Foursquare and got a free alcoholic drink each.
2	Only got the fries and the black cow shake. Neither were good. Maybe next time will be different.
5	Good burgers are easy enough to find. But GREAT burgers are treasures that you sometimes have to look for. If you want a great burger in Vegas, then look no further, because Holsteins is it! The burgers are made with the finest ingredients, are thick and juicy and are cooked to perfection. They're also a bit eclectic. While you can get a basic cheeseburger is you're a boring guy who has given up on life, I highly recommend that you try one of the more unique selections. My wife and I split a "Rising Sun" and a "Gold Standard" burger. Both were excellent. The onion rings were also amazing. They were giant and the breading was nothing short of spectacular. If you're looking for an adult (i.e. alcoholic) milkshake, try the "Fat Boy," which contains pretzels, chocolate/Carmel popcorn, Reese's, and vodka. It was'nt too strong, but it was DELICIOUS! The only downside is that this place is expensive, but when you're eating at good restaurants in Vegas, what place isn't expensive? I suppose the best way to spin it is that you get what you pay for. Highly recommended! Two thumbs up (and some toes too... It's that good!).
5	Great burgers and shakes..perfect location..great staff..and great combos..beast burger this weekend for superbowl a must have
5	On our recent visit to Las Vegas, we were looking for a substantial lunch that would hold us over through the afternoon, past a show, to a late night dinner.  Our friends had recommended Holsteins, and as fans of Burger Bar and other fancy shmancy burger joints, we were eager to try out the menu.  Located on the second floor of the Cosmopolitan, we arrived around 11:30 and were promptly seated at a nice corner table in the middle of the restaurant.  I started off with a Spicy Bloody Mary, which was made with jalepeno and cilantro infused vodka, served with a big old shrimp on top.  Spicy and delicious!  Our waiter (who was very good) brought us a bag of complimentary popcorn as we perused the menuThis place is really known for their burgers, as they well should be, but don't ignore the appetizers!  We wanted to try so many of them, but we settled on the "Sausage and Peppers" Potsickers and the Mexican Car Bombs (jalapenos stuffed with cheese, corn, and black beans, then wrapped in bacon).  The potstickers were unique and delicious, but the car bombs... O.M.G.  Sooooooo spicy, but so flavorful and delicious.  These things are no joke, they are very hot, so if you are a wimp when it comes to spice, these are not for you.  But we absolutely loved them.For our main course, we decided to split a burger and another appetizer (I know I know, but we had to last 9 hours until our next meal!)  I had the Surf and Turf Quesadilla, which contained steak, lobster, Manchego Cheese, and bacon lardons, served with an aioli sauce.  Very yummy.  For our burger, we had such a hard time choosing, but we decided on the El Machete, described on the menu as "Beef Patty, Fire Roasted Anaheim Chili, Borracho Onions, Pepperjack Cheese, Lettuce, Tomato, Onion & Spicy 'Machete' Aioli".  The beef was medium rare as requested, and was perfectly juicy and delicious.  The burger overall wasn't as spicy as I was expecting, but maybe my taste buds were burned out from my spicy bloody mary and the jalepeno pepper appetizer.  Either way, it was good good beef.We finished with a "grown up" milkshake... the Campfire S'mores, which I only had a few sips of because I was so full, but those couple tastes were very good.  They will also make it to go for you if you'd like.  Overall, we were thrilled with our lunch at Holsteins and it may be our new favorite burger place in Las Vegas.  Oh, and it definitely did the job of holding us over until dinner time.  We will definitely be back!
4	I was super hungry for lunch, and left my cosmo room to the 2nd floor and wondered around. Very glad i decided to order from this spot. I ordered a tuna appetizer. really good, cold, and tasted fresh. I ordered the pork bun sliders. They were a bit dry but tasted great. Wonderful moist buns. I'd probably get them again if i end up stayin in cosmo. The bartender was really nice but rushed me to close out my bill. boo.
5	I absolutely LOVE the Billionaire Burger (Kobe beef & foie gras) with a side of sweet potato fries.  Lately, the kitchen has been over cooking their beef so I have been diligent in asking for "rare" so my beef patty is not over-cooked.
5	Holsteins will entice you to eat like it's your cheat day... here I had the BEST. BURGER. OF. MY. LIFE.  (THANK you local Yelper friends who graciously messaged me recommendations just b/c I was in town! XoXo!)  I'm not even a burger ho like my beloved hubby.  However, my meal (and my hubby's) embodied all of what I love about Vegas... it was sinfully delicious, with great service.  We were greeted with salt and vinegar pop corn and decided on:RED VELVET CAKE SHAKEZing Red Velvet Vodka, Red Velvet Cake, Cream Cheese Mousse, Mini Whoopee PieNOM NOM BURGER  :::  (Best. Burger. Of. My. Life) ::: PerfectionKobe Beef, Cheddar Cheese, Potato Chips, 1000 Island DressingGOLD STANDARDDry Aged Beef Sirloin Burger With Smoked Bacon, Aged Goat Cheddar Cheese, Tomato Confit, Baby Arugula & Garlic-Chive AioliFrom start to finish, this was a perfect meal.  The ambiance was chic, the music and restaurant noise level were energetic, and Holstein's can easily accommodate bigger groups.  I hope all who visit have the same delicious experience.  ;o)
4	California Turkey Burger over greens with fresh jalapenos, sprouts, cucumber, tomatoes, and a side of ranch! Great burgers with tons of flavor and nice shakes too!  Check this place out when you're in town.
4	Great burgers! Awesome shakes! I'm not saying it's the best burger place in vegas but top 3! I recommend trying the steak burger! Great service and the strawberry milkshakes is amazing!
5	My husband is kicking himself for not coming here the last time we were in Vegas! The adult bamboozled milkshakes were a total hit! He went for the drunken monkey! The Oreo shake was also delish! The golden standard burger has won best burger in Vegas and for good reason! Half pound, big enough to share with a friend. The fries were yummy as well. The place is bigger than it looked to be from the outside and service was really good. Be sure to check out the special after dinner treat: it's smoking cool!
2	Went for lunch, the Lobster Mac and Cheese app is excellent. Had the gold standard burger for $18, meh I have had better $5 burgers. Service was only average , looked to me like they were a bit understaffed. App, burger and iced tea for $36  overpriced.We are now being overrun with "gournet" burger places on the strip, for my tastes BLT burger is much better
4	We really enjoyed the food and atmosphere. Onions were great! Gold burger was perfect!
4	It's a sports bar at a swanky hotel. I would say Vegas casual :)The service is great and they make sure you like your food.I recommend going for the pork tacos. They were delish!I got the chicken sandwich which I don't remember much about - so that should say something. Overall - if you need a good place to eat in the Cosmopolitan hotel - this is a good choice.
5	Adult milkshakes? Yes please! Turkey burger sliders? That too!! Onion rings and fries? Yes! LOL! This is a great place to go for foods and to get your night started whether you are clubbing or whatever you plan to do when in Vegas. It's also great for locals that want to enjoy an adult milkshake and a burger!! I recommend this place to everyone that comes and visits me!!!You can come here casually dressed or dressed in your club attire--no judgements ever been made when dining here! Trust, I've been to this restaurant both in casual wear after coming from a concert in the Boulevard Pool and in club attire heading to Marquee after dinner. I've tried the Birthday Cake milkshake which is just yum and a monkey one (can't remember the name for the life of me, but I want to say that it had bananas in it).  I've tried the turkey burger sliders and the chicken sandwich. Both were like heaven in my mouth. Their fries and onion rings are great as well! I can't think of anything bad to say about this place! Whether you are visiting or a local like me, I highly recommend this place!!
3	I've been here a few times. Everything I've ever had here has been great except the crispy pork belly buns. I hate when I go somewhere with so much on the menu that sounds really good and I end up basically wasting an opportunity by choosing something that ends up sucking. I'd say I'm about 6-1 here including appetizers, not a bad record. 4 1/2 stars for the food, -1/2 star for the terrible pork belly buns, and -1 star for price, especially the shakes (they add an undetectable amount of booze, and double the price). Gourmet burgers=fancy bar food, and a lot of bars are stepping up their game these days while still keeping their prices reasonable., even a few places on the strip. Just because a restaurant is in the cosmopolitan, doesn't magically elevate their product to the next level. Cosmopolitan restaurants are like SEC speed (you won't understand this if you're not a college football fan), their superiority is just a myth. IMO, the food at Holsteins is overpriced. If this place was across the street at Planet Hollywood, it would be 30% cheaper (unless they put "Gordon Ramsey" in the title).
5	Favorite burger joint on earth.  Spiked milkshakes and burgers with top choice cuts of meat.I always come here at least once when in Vegas.  Try "The Rising Sun" just phenomenal.  The buffalo chicken dip is really good but it is simply too much food with the burger.  Don't upgrade on the regular fries... They are the best option.  Inside the Cosmopolitan located across from the Marquee.  STK is an awesome steak house inside Cosmo check that out as well.
3	Creative burger choices but overpriced. I got the Rising Sun. Delicious - you got the sweet, spicy, creamy and crunchy flavors all in one burger but the burger itself was just not juicy enough. I love a juicy, messy burger. This one was on the dry side. And the fries? Soggy. Many were burnt. What a disappointment. You can't call yourself a great burger establishment if you can't do fries right. All in all, this place was good but not worth the price and did not live up to the hype.
3	Meh. It was okay. I was expecting an amazing burger, but what I got was kind of tough, over-handled meat and ingredients whose flavors didn't really stand out. My bf had the Gold Standard, it was anything but. One note flavor. Couldnt distinguish goat cheese from tomato confit. I had the Nom Nom, a basic burger with kobe beef. Got this because I wanted the meat to sing. It didn't.  Like I said, tough. We've had the Holstein experience. Not going back again.
5	This is in the Cosmo and well worth finding. Although, when we stumbled upon Holsteins and asked the host how the food was, he told us in a snotty tone, "Best burgers on the strip".  I had a burger that tasted like grandma's meatloaf with BBQ sauce- to die for.  The gigantic onion rings were fresh and awesome!  I have to say, we'd had a few adult beverages before we got there and took the leftovers to our room.  It was even better cold, the next morning!
5	This was the first meal i had in vegas when we arrived.  It was amazing! The options are awesome.  I actually got a turkey burger, i think it was called the california turkey burger.  I never eat turkey burgers but it sounded so good.  It was delicious! First off, this burger was huge! The bun was so perfect.  It was light, crispy and had a little bit of a sweet taste to it.  Delish! Everything was super fresh! The fries, I could have eaten at least 3 servings of them! The onion rings were super good also.  I wish i would have had a milkshake from there, they all sounded so good! My cousin got the El Machete (sp?) burger.  it was cooked perfectly!!!!After seeing that burger and how it was cooked, made me wish i would have gotten a beef burger, but I wouldn't discourage anyone from getting the turkey burger. we also had fried pickles which were delicious! The aioli sauce they came with was really good and creamy.  It had a different taste to it.  The pickles were super crispy and the batter was seasoned so well! Some times friend pickles can be super salty, but these ones were perfect and the batter didn't come off of them after you took a bite! I highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a casual, but delicious place to eat on the strip.
4	Kobe and Foie gras burger!!!??? After a lucky streak at the craps table, I felt like a billionaire so I figured YOLO, let's get a $28 "billionaire burger!"I ended up splitting this with my buddy and also sharing the "gols standard" with the dry aged beef and goat cheese.I msut say, they were both delicious but very very different:Billionaire:  The patty itself was made from Kobe and foie gras, then it was topped of with a seared slab of foie.  Taking a bite into it is sensory richness overload, effin delicious!  I immediately grabbed the Stella and washed it down and it was just heaven.  But pretty much, all yo get form this burger is the richness of fat.  I am glad I split it because I would not feel good after eating this one alone.  Great burger, would be willing to split it again with someone.Gold Standard:  Now this is a burgerthat I thought had great balance and flavor.  The patty was delicious, definitely a great pronounced beef flavor.  The goat cheese and tomato confit was absolutely perfect in the burger.  This is a burger I would order again and eat on my own.Their fries, onion rings and wings are nothing to rave about.  They have a great beer selection, and the service we got was spot on excellent.This is one of the only reasons I would ever come back to the Cosmo (hotel sucks).
4	I had the most deee-licious burger here the other day.  I split a Fun-ghi burger with my friend and shared buffalo wings.  We knew the burger would be awesome just from it's aroma, but man, when I took my first bite, I was in burger heaven.  From the menu description, the Fun-ghi burger contains: Beef Patty, Truffle Marinated Portabella Mushroom, Carmelized Onion, Gruyere, Mayonnaise, & Frisee.  We also added avocado to ours and ordered the patty to be cooked medium rare.  The burger was juicy and had an abundance of flavors from all the ingredients.  The buffalo wings were very good too.  The fries were standard.  I so want to come back and try the Billionaire Burger and a shake!  The Billionaire Burger has kobe beef and foie gras, which we can't have anymore in CA.As Seen on TV:Unique EatsAired on 07/22/2012Episode: Las VegasOver the top desserts.
5	Literally, this place has the best burger I've eaten in my entire life. So good I went two days in a row. I make it a point to come here every time I visit Vegas. Only problem, which I can't dock stars for nor would I, this place is only in Vegas. Please please please open up a restaurant in LA!
5	Amazing burgers! For something light but heavy enough to categorize as a burger, try the Urth Burger. For a meaty burger, go with the El Machete! Sweet potato fries are delicious, as are the onion rings. Must try the milkshakes, especially the Red Velvet Cake! Add the extra shot of alcohol for $5, it's worth it! They even give you the extras of the milkshake in a separate tin can, enough for two glasses. The popcorn appetizer is light and delicious. Service is fast, great staff, great atmosphere. Definitely recommended for viewing sporting events.
4	Came here at about 10pm on a Saturday night.  We each had one of the boozed shakes however mine wzs without the booze. I had a Grasshopper cookie and my boyfriend had the Cereal which was Captain Crunch flavor...it was actually good! Mine was good as well and I was able to take the left over that didn't fit in the glass into a to go cup. We sat right away at the bar which was a good idea because they were slammed and the wait for a table was probably pretty long.  Overall good place, I would like to go back and try the food.
4	Food: really good! Onion rings, burger, s'mores shake!! Pricey!Service: great!Atmosphere: looks great, but I hate being sat in the half booth right next to another table. Too close for comfort!Totally recommend. Get a reservation on open table. Cool place. We will definitely go back!
1	First off, i absolutely give this place 5 STARS! Their burgers and shakes are awesome!!This review goes to the next day, 02/10/14, ( yes we went two days in a row because it was that damn good!).  It was busier than the previous day, which is totally fine.  However, I am giving a couple of the waiters that "helped" us 1 star.  The hostess was awesome and sat us down right away.  After sitting there for ten minutes we were ready to order (i recommend the Rising Sun).  The waiter, this was around 5 pm, went to EACH table and assisted them.  Our menus were down and closed which is an indication that we were ready.  He did not even introduce himself or asked us if we wanted drinks...nothing.  We waited another 5 minutes assuming that he was going to get back to us after getting drinks for the other table.  Still nothing.  Only until the 3rd time he came back to our section did he notice us.  We're not those high maintenance couples that need acknowledgement every single time, but he didn't apologize for the wait or even introduce himself.  He just asked if we were ready.  Well, we're not in Denny's, we're paying $18 per burger plus other things so I do want decent service.   We didn't order, but asked to move to the front of the restaurant (to get better service there).  Of course, he said yes, but told us to grab our utensil and napkins....thanks guy for becoming even more of an ass.  I wish I knew his name, but like I said, he never introduced himself.Moving to the front was a good choice because the waitress in the front was very kind and got our orders right away.  Also, the men in all black who bring out the food and drinks are very nice as well.  Our waitress was getting off work and said that Wendy will be taking over and that's when it went down hill AGAIN! She came over to introduce herself and told us that if we needed anything to ask her.  Well, I asked for some refills and she looked shocked at what I asked.  Maybe it was my imagination, who knows.  After about 20-30 minutes, we were about done eating.  She helped the new comers around us, but would always pass us.  We assumed that she was busy, so we let that go.  Finally she came and asked if we wanted desserts, but after burgers and shakes, it was enough.  We declined and she walked away.  This is where it became highly irritating (along with the first waiter). We declined on the desserts and our plates/glasses were empty, so that's an indication that we were done.  It's pretty common sense that we didn't want more and we would like the check.  We were waiting for about ANOTHER 20 minutes for nothing.  We saw her just standing there talking to her other coworkers.  I didn't know I had to raise my hand for help or go up to her for the check, which i didn't do.  Like I said, we are in an establishment where we were paying close to $80-$100 for two people and I am not going to walk to the register to pay.  She FINALLY came and asked if we wanted the check. (Yeah, we wanted our check 20 min ago.) I LOVE this place and awesome work to the other 2 waitresses who served us well.  The other two just need some improvements.
5	Love this place! One of my new fave restaurants in Vegas. The shakes and burgers are sooooo good! I tried the fun-ghi burger (portobello mushrooms, caramelized onions, with gruyere cheese) and it was amazing. Service was great too! Definitely must try if you love a good burger and alcoholic shake.
3	Came here on what seemed to be an uneventful and random Tuesday night with another guest. We luckily snagged a dining area right up front from the hostess stand while the other current diners were just leaving. Apparently the restaurant was packed and quite eventful despite our feelings otherwise.The table was still full of food, given the fact we were offered the only available seating at the time, but service was very quick to remove and set up for us promptly. We decided on the Fun-Ghi burger & the crispy pork belly buns. For desert, we were recommend the Tiramisu shake based on our preference of chocolate. We even got it to go and non-alcoholic. Everything came out surprisingly fast. *The menu is quite extensive so there are many choices for everything. Look online in advance or take a look on the menu outside.The Fun-ghi was delicious, but I really was expecting more from a 17$ burger. Truffle marinated Portabella mushroom, caramelized onions, frisee, and mayo with a beef patty. Rich and pleasantly mild despite the idea of alluring funky-nees from the truffle and gruyere. Ordered with sweet potatoes fries that were executed perfectly, although they only came with your normal and boring grocery ketchup rather than a unique dipping sauce or aioli that most burger places in its caliber of category offer.The Crispy Pork Belly buns were such a disappointment. So unpleasantly sweet, as if the pork itself were candied. And to add insult to the matter, the herbs or greens accompanied did not compliment the dish what so ever and gave it a medicinal and rather off putting taste. Terrible really.Shake was great but not anything special, and again, for the price of 13+?The service from our waitress could not have been any better. So polite and friendly and frequently checked back on us despite a full house; Impressive. I also believe the owner stopped by at one point and asked us how we were and carried on by removing some trash from our table.It's the questionable prices and the food quality that contributed to the 3 stars. I understand the atmosphere is apart of the experience (beautiful artsy and urban decor, obviously located in the upscale  and modern cosmopolitan) and leads way into the pricing, but it's quite unnecessary and confusing when the food isn't as up to par. I will be back to try some other burgers, but not planning on it anytime soon.
5	This place is awesome all the way around.Of course, you have to wait an hr for a table most of the time, but the food is fantastic.The place is decorated with amazing art from Juan Muniz. So just the look of the place is already amazing.The flavor of the food as well as the presentation and creativity are remarkable.They also have a stupidly large beer menu! WHAT? LOVE! My favorite thing are the shakes. OMG THE SHAKES! There are ridiculous! Vodka and Captain' Crunch? Sure! Whipped cream Vodka and Pop Rocks? Why not!?They have a ridiculous selection of burgers and they also have tons of things for us herbivores.This place is a absolutely a most at the Cosmopolitan.
3	My gf & I ordered their strawberry milkshake, truffle lobster mac&cheese, mexican car bombs and gold standard burgerThe gold standard burger tasted like any other burger that you get from a restaurant. Nothing too special in my opinion. The mac&cheese tasted a bit bland to me. The mexican car bomb was ok. They gave you 4 pieces and the bacon wrapped peppers are stuffed with cheese & corn. Sad to say, I felt like the strawberry milkshake was the highlight of the meal! Service was excellent! Enjoyed the atmosphere of the place. Love the cartoon drawings of the cows hehehe :)Overall, I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here again if I was in Vegas but i do recommend that to try it once while in Vegas!
3	After driving 6  1/2 hours vs the usual less than 4 to vegas, we were too tired to drive to Bachi, so we decided to try Holsteins. Besides H, another couple joined us for dinner. 1. H had the Billionaire Burger (Kobe with foie gras), disappointment. Foie gras was wayyy overcooked and hard, we couldn't taste any of the port onion marmalade nor the truffle mayo that's supposed to be part of it. I will pay $15, not $32 for it.2. I had the Big Fat Greek (lamb burger). It was very flavorful, but unfortunately very salty. The olive relish was almost as thick as the burger, wtheck!3. Male friend ordered the Rising Sun(kobe with teriyaki glaze) was possibly the highlight of the meal. Soo yummy, but I think they forgot the avocado that's suppose to come with it. :\4. My 'will do anything for lobster' female friend possibly made the worst choice. Maine lobster roll for $16.50. The two rolls were COLD, and they were not rolls, at least not where I came from haha.Those were two tiny slices of folded white sandwich bread with grill marks. Two bites, that's all it took for finish her 'meal'. Wtheck!Our server Adam never cracked a smile. I can't say the service was bad, but just very basic. I also didn't like the fact that he took our dessert menus away for the table next to us without asking first. i wasn't done yet! So we didn't order any. I would like to leave a 10% tip but given that we were with another couple (haha), I reluctantly added 15% :PWon't be back because it's not yummy.
4	One of my favorite burger & shake joints on the strip.Being Canadian with our ridiculous food safety laws, this is my goto place on the strip for a medium rare burger. Massive menu with every option you can think of. Huge fan of the chocolate shakes as well. Great place for a hangover cure meal or Vegas pregame. Tip: I've always sat at the bar with the friendly staff and monsterous TVs.
4	Came here for lunch and was pretty impressed. First of all, the Cosmo is an awesome, very chic hotel and I can't wait to come back to visit. The menu is pretty big at Holsteins and has enough options for any eater to be satisfied. I ordered a salad with grilled salmon and made some modifications to it (changed the cheese, dressing on the side) and surprisingly it came out exactly the way I wanted it! Also, they gave me a generous piece of salmon on top so I was happy with that. My boyfriend had the gold standard burger and loved it--he literally talked about it for the next 2 days.  I also had a Bloody Mary which was delicious-one of the best I've had---the only negative was it was pretty small bc the glass was overflowing with ice. Food is very good, service was ehhhh--our waitress was ditzy, but again the food came out correct so nothing to really complain about! Definitely worth a stop if you are in he Cosmo.
4	Great burgers.  Good meat.  Good buns.  Good appetizers.  Good onion rings.Terrible complimentary popcorn.Similar to Hoppdoddy's in Austin, Tx but not quite as good and I don't know that ingredients are local or organic.
5	One of the best Vegas restaurants I went to during my stay. I got a veggie burger, which was a fried coquette-like patty. Really delicious. They had complimentary spiced popcorn that I devoured. Our server was a really nice bro who made us feel welcome. Great comfortable booths too.
5	Had the Farm House burger and it was the best burger of my life! Didn't have a chance to have a shake since we had to head to the airport but definitely will next time.
4	The burger selection here is amazing.  I do think it can get pricey depending on how much you order or what you order. I tried the steakhouse burger with blue cheese and it was heaven in my mouth! I absolutely loved the flavors and it's probably one of the best burgers I've had thus far. One thing I would like to suggest is for them to be about to customize your burger more. Adding a protein style option with no bread, or option to make burgers in to salads.  I definitely would take a lot of the burgers and turn them in to salad. Saves me from filling up on the bread.
5	Loved the sunrise burger...the meat is amazing!!!
5	Amazing burgers.   The meat is just that good and the various styles are are creative and have unique flavors.   I got the rising sun and added a fried egg.  The teriyaki glaze was delicious without being to sweet.  The only thing i would do next time is get it bunless as the burger is huge and the bread really fills you up.I also got the milkshake the s'mores marshmallow one and the grasshopper mint one.   Didn't care much for the grasshopper one because the mix of alcohol and mint flavor was sort of weird.   The s'mores one was delicious.Next time i come here i would get a burger bunless and pass on the milkshake.   The milkshake is delicious but really fills you up and makes you not enjoy your food as much.
2	As a local I can give you the inside scoop on how these casino/resort restaurants work:1. A talented chef designs the menu and recipes.2. The restaurant serves amazing food for a short time.3. Accountants find ways to cut cost.4. The food goes downhill.Sadly, such is the way with Holstein's.  The first time I ate here the burgers knocked my socks off.  The second time, I wished I had just gone to Applebee's.  It's easier to park at Applebee's, the food comes out faster, it's cheaper, and THE FOOD IS BETTER!The saddest part: the resort restaurants keep getting away with this.That is all I have to say.
3	Pretty good burger joint. It's good if you're in a rush, not dressed up enough for fancy dinner or just want a quick meal. We were seated right away and our waiter was wonderful, very nice, very attentive. We split the lamb burger and the gold standard burger. Lamb was ok. The gold standard burger was great. Onion rings and fries average. Milk shake awesome. 2 burgers 1 milkshake 1 diet coke came to $55.67 before tip.....but that's Vegas!
5	Monster burgers that taste great. Awesome service and even good with kids.  I will visit again.
5	Hands down the best place in Vegas to get burger.  Without question, head to the Cosmopolitan and check it out.  PRO: +Amazing burgers.  Try the "Gold Standard" burger (aged sirloin, smoked bacon, aged goat cheddar cheese, tomato confit, baby arugula, garlic chive aioli) with a fried egg on top.+Amazing bam-boozled shakes (with alcohol).  Try the "Drunken Money" (Reeses, Banana, Malt, Frangelico) or the "Red Velvet Cake Shake" (Zing red velvet vodka, red velvet cake, cream cheese mousse, mini whoopee pie). +Beautiful waitresses.  The outfits are completely appropriate, but are reminiscent of Hooters.+When you're table is ready they'll text you instead of forcing you to carry around a buzzer CON:-Limited cooking options.  I tried to order my burger medium and I could only get medium well.  Ultimately, it didn't matter because the burger was delicious.-The wait staff was hit or miss.  The first time i was there they came back frequently.  The second time, not so much.-It can take forever to get a table.  I waited an hour on one Saturday afternoon.
3	3 stars for the great service.Food was pretty mediocre. We got the sliders and rising sun (?) burger and fries. The burgers were overcooked (we ordered medium and they came out well done) and the fries were soggy. The only thing that we really enjoyed was the black cow shake which tasted like a root beer float except with coke and cherry pop rocks. Brings you back to those good ol childhood days for sure!
3	This used to be one of my favorite places to go until I banned myself after making a complete ass out of myself hitting on the waitress here. I'll order to go next time. Good bang for your buck considering it's Vegas. Great people watching at this restaurant too.
5	SO SO SO good. Local or tourist, you need to come here at least once and try it out for yourself. If there's anything I could ever go for, it would be Holsteins. I hate that I have to partially drive on the strip to get here as a local, but it's so worth it to me every time. Buffalo Chicken Dip is a must try; looks funky, texture is different, but it's so delicious.All of their shakes are TDF. Also try their homemade ketchup!
4	Friends and I stopped in after lunch to grab some milkshakes. I was really craving a milkshake, and after eating at Jaleo in the Cosmopolitan, Holsteins was an easy choice! I have to have my drinks non-alcoholic these days, so I opted for a plain jane chocolate shake. I was expecting pedestrian and boring-they didn't really have any fun choices for non-alcoholic shakes, but my choco shake was anything but! It was creamy and decadent with gooey chocolate sauce on the bottom. The depth of flavor was surprising! Other friends had the frozen grasshopper, the campfire s'mores, and the vegan maple pecan shake. Everyone was very satisfied, and the table favorite seemed to be the campfire s'mores. Hands down.Even though we had just eaten lunch at Jaleo, we did order some fries and fried pickles to go with the shakes. Both were delicious, and after having lukewarm, squirmy fries at Gordon Ramsey PUB, these fries were a welcome change of pace!All in all, we had a great experience. We came looking for delicious shakes, and we were not disappointed. Next time, I will have to try a burger.
4	Wow, I don't remember the last time I spent $40 for a burger and a shake. That's right, because I never did! Granted this was Vegas, but it wasn't like I was at a buffet or anything.Though I was stuffed, and probably in a better way than if I had gone to a buffet, I left wondering how I ended up spending $40 (tax+tip included) on a burger and a shake. Oh yeah, it was an alcoholic shake. But why couldn't I taste the whiskey? Seriously, I'm not that much of a heavy drinker, either. That $13 Pumpkin Pie Shake, while heavenly delicious, did not have a single trace of alcohol in it.Like a studious Yelper, I did my homework and listened to Steph C.'s rec and opted for THE RISING SUN (Kobe Beef, Teriyaki Glaze, Nori Furikake, Crispy Yam, Spicy Mayo & Tempura Avocado). I've never had fried avocado let alone on a burger! The crispy yam was also new for me, but man was that Kobe beef patty delicious. Medium rare perfection with that sweet and savory Terikayi Glaze. For those who don't know, Nori Furikake is a popular Japanese condiment which is like seaweed seasoning. It usually has sesame seeds, dried/ground fish, sugar, salt, and you guessed it, MSG. While I can't be sure Holstein's furikake had MSG, it definitely did not deter me from devouring that burger. It was not missing any flavor, and I couldn't be happier with the food in front of me. The fries were also delicious, but that burger was pretty unforgettable. It definitely doesn't come close to the best burger I've had, but props for making me want to return and try other menu items. Next time, it might have to be the BIG FAT GREEK (Greek Spiced Lamb With Feta Cream, Lettuce, Tomato, Red Onion & Olive Relish, W/Tatziki Sauce) or the BILLIONAIRE BURGER (Kobe Beef, Foie Gras, Port Onion Marmalade, Frisee, Truffle Mayo). What can I say, I love a good burger.
2	Let me start by saying that our burgers were pretty good. As a party of 10 we got a wide variety of menu items and were pleased, if not impressed. The fries, however, were blech: mushy yet oddly over-cooked.A few things really soured our experience:1. Total a-hole a the next table--can't be helped.2. Our waitress was great (even after said a-hole PUNCHED her "accidentally" and didn't apologize!) The food runners, however, were a different story: They had no idea who ordered what (my pet peeve), and when one of the orders was wrong, suggested snarkilly that my friend should just eat that instead. Then made a rude comment as he threw down a salad and stomped off.3. The bar servers are walking around in their underwear. Yay, you might say. Degrading to women, I might respond. While this is a "fun" restaurant, it was a bit much, and kinda out of place. Where were the male servers? Lawsuit much? Didn't Hooters have this problem?
4	Good:- rising sun burger - the fried avocado in it and the sauce make the burger. This was my favorite part of the meal.- the greener pastures salad Okay:- lobster Mac and cheese - has a strong truffle oil taste, which I love but not worth the $16. Didn't have a lot of big chunks of lobster. - steak cut fries: not bad, but nothing spectacular
5	Amazing burgers!!! Had the rising sun with an egg and it was to die for.Also had one of their alcoholic milk shakes, with pop rocks, was amazing as well. Planing on visiting again next time I head to to vegas.
3	Burgers burgers burgers!It ended up being a burger weekend for me in Vegas. After having my usual In-n-Out, Carl's Jr and Jacks, I decided I'd treat myself to a really good one. I didn't get to have dinner until 11pm and this was one of the few places in the hotel still open.Boy it didn't disappoint! I had the Steakhouse Burger and some hand cut fries. Decided to skip the milkshakes and have a beer instead. Brooklyn Pale Ale did the job.My coworker opted for the Classic and had no complaints.Service was fast and friendly. Besides, it was 11pm on a Monday night and the place was practically empty. Ask for Justin!Like most things in The Cosmopolitan, it's a bit on the pricier side. The bill for two can easily hit $50 and that's even before the booze. It's ok though because it was well worth it.Be warned though...the place is LOUD (Marquee nightclub is across the hall plus the restaurant had it's own DJ.) Probably not the best place to try to have a quiet conversation....
2	(Review is for milkshakes only) came here because I've heard a lot about the milkshakes, after looking at the menus in the bar/lounge area we noticed the shakes weren't listed on there, we had to grab the hostess (who was facing the dining room and talking to the other servers) and ask if we can see a full menu.  After agreeing we wanted to try some shakes we asked the hostess if we had to order in the dining room or if we could go to lounge area, she said we can sit at the bar, order to go or order at the bar.  We sat in the lounge area and noticed we had to go back to the hostess stand to get a full menu.  The hostess was still facing the restaraunt talking to the servers so I just went to her stand and grabbed the menu myself.  By this point I was a little irritated but still wanted a milkshake.  We ordered the Fat Boy and the Vegan Maple Pecan, it took a while for 2 shakes but after trying it, it was worth the wait.  A few minutes later a runner came out and brought the leftover vegan maple shake, we were confused since we had our entire order, when we looked in what we thought was the vegan shake, it was actually a vanilla shake.  So pretty much they delivered the extra/leftover vanilla shake to a vegan...who drank it not realizing it was non vegan=(I understand there's a chance of getting non-vegan items at a Restaraunt that's not completely vegan but the entire experience was not worth it.  Good shakes though.
1	not a fan of this place, now I know I was in the Cosmo Hotel but my $18.50 burger and fries was NOT one of the best burgers I've ever had.  I would go back to this place to people watch, then I would go down the street to Fatburger or In n Out for a good burger!
4	Amazing natural beef burgers with gluten free buns. The fries are piled high and the specialty boozed up milkshakes are delicious. One of the best values in Vegas. Our waiter was really nice, service was timely. Highly recommend for lunch and a buzz.
4	So we decided to give this place a shot after hearing about all the hype! And it sure as hell stands up to it. Service was quite good and our waiter was very helpful with helping us choose the right dish that accommodates our palates (especially when considering the numerous number of different entrees and burgers here).Their Kobe beef patties are on point and super juicy (get it medium rare to medium done). The "Rising Sun" is their most popular burger. Just think about a burger with ingredients that are similar to a sushi roll! The lobster mac 'n cheese is damn good too! Made with real lobster meat and truffles, this is the ultimate gourmet style junk food that will make your mouth water!Grab yourself one of their x-rated milkshakes. When I say they are creepers, it ain't no lie! Don't let the sweetness fool you, they are infused with a good amount of goodness inside that you'll be surprised at how buzz you are within minutes!Expect to wait anywhere between 20 mins to an hour!P.S. - Check in on foursquare and you'll get a free beer on draft!
1	If I was the owner I would be wanting to fill the tables and sell food and drink.  I was here in Vegas 3 weeks ago and ate here. Burger was good but was irritated by hostesses. The should focus on seating people, tons of open tables. I went back yesterday and this time just was even worse. I would fire the girls. Pretty but totally not focused on customer experience. I will not be back, to many other good places.
4	If you are in the mood for a burger, this is the place. They serve not only traditional beef burgers, but a foodie approach to the burger concept with unique mixings. Pork belly, salmon, pulled pork, etc... Don't get me wrong, its a burger place, just not your usual burger place.I basically stole my daughter's Oreo milkshake and it was perfect. My wife enjoyed my son's root beer float as well. I judge places by the following: can't wait to go back (5 star), would go back without question (4 star), would give a second chance if there were no other options (3 star), wouldn't go back (2 star), would rather starve (1 star). This is a 4 star place.
4	Very good burgers and shakes.  My lamb burger was cooked just right and the cheese with it was fresh.  The shakes are really good and have good volume.  Nice surroundings, not too loud, comfortable decor.  I wish that they were open a little later as it would be a great late night place.
3	I had a burger called the Gold Standard. It did not have any gold contained within it and I am okay with that. It did not have very many standards, either. For example, a few minutes after it came to the table it started hitting on every guy there. Even Julian.No standards.I added a fried egg and I was happy about that. I ordered a caipirinha since they had a full bar and I was happy about that too. Kevin used up more ketchup than a family of six should use in any given month other than July. July is a month where most families of six use a lot of ketchup. Look it up.The art on the walls might make a vegetarian feel a little bad. But if you're a vegetarian and you're eating at this place, you're kind of an idiot. Not for eating at this place. But for being a vegetarian. What's up with that?Side note...the popcorn is pretty legit. Don't miss a chance to try it. It's free, too. So unless you just got sealants on your molars, you should dig in.
5	If you're thinking about ordering the tiny buns - don't do it! Just go for the full sized burgers instead, which are amazing. Came here first for a casual dinner & good beers, and came back the next day for some boozy milkshakes and buffalo chicken dip. The dip was great, and the shakes were fabulous! ! Love this unique take on traditional burgers and milkshakes.
5	I had a Birthday Cake Milkshake at Sugar Factory years ago and it was amazing.  Ever since they have not been great (supposedly they cannot get cupcake syrup or something anymore so they use vanilla), and I had felt deprived.  Once I found Holsteins, that was no longer an issue. Do yourself a favor next time in Las Vegas and go to this place and get the Birthday Cake Milkshake (has Vodka).  The price was similar to Sugar Factory (and this one has Vodka) and it was better.We have had food there that was great too, most notably the fried pickles.  Ever since going to Holsteins the first time, I have gone back on every trip to vegas (for the shake).  I imagine I will continue this ritual forever.
4	We had dinner with a group of friends at Holstein's last night. The Birthday Cake shake was amazing. It was an adult shake but it wasn't very strong. My husband and I split the Rising Sun burger and the Gold Standard. The Rising Sun was phenomenal...I absolutely loved the avocado tempura and the teriyaki sauce. The gold standard wasn't anything special...the award should have gone to the Rising Sun. I would absolutely recommend this place for burgers.
5	Mmmmmm. So good. They start you off with salt and vinegar popcorn. What. Right? Yum! I had the Rising Sun burger, I believe it was Kobe beef patty with deep fries avocado, teriyaki sauce, furikake maybe...don't quite remember. But it was yummy! They had a couple of others ones I wanted to try also but my belly couldn't handle all that food. I also had a dreamy cookies and cream milkshake (alcoholic) - portions for the shakes are pretty big. The art in this place is so cute too haha. Animated cows dressed as pigs doing random things. Would probably come back to try the beers and the pork belly buns. Yas.
3	Yeah.. Not that great for the price. Just another trendy burger place. It was better when they first opened.
4	Great place for burgers! Was recommended this place by a friend who compared the quality of the burgers to Father's Office in LA. I haven't tried that place yet but this is definitely a solid joint. This place is pretty popular so expect a wait. We were seated after about 25 minutes on a Sunday afternoon. You can leave your number with them and they'll call you when your table is ready.The popcorn to start with is really good..honestly they were better than the fries that came with the burger. The fries were kind of bad, reminded me of cafeteria fries and were greasy and soggy, hence taking off one star. The burgers however were well worth the price, huge and delicious. I ordered a steakhouse and, being a gal who sprinkles tons of pepper on everything, enjoyed it very much, however it was definitely more cooked than the medium rare I had asked for. One of my friends got the rising sun which I think I'll try next time, I've never had any burger like it. Another friend got the machete and he said it was the first burger in his life that he couldn't finish, so that gives you an idea about the enormous portion sizes. ;)Decor is nice, service was pretty slow but overall it was a good experience and I'll be back the next time I'm in Vegas. :)
4	What an awesome burger place, the decorations and atmosphere was great. I ordered the tiramisu shake and complimentary Cajun popcorn. I also ordered the lobster Mac and cheese which is one of the best I've had! I ordered the Captain Hook as well, I plan to return the next time I'm in Vegas and get a burger!
5	So my friend who has a great palate tells me we have to try this "burger joint" and picks it over Mastro's Steak House.  Really? Burgers over Steak?  So after about 30 minutes I realize he is not joking and I find myself and 3 other friends @ The Cosmo Holsteins location.  We were sat down right away ( I took this as a bad sign) and given menus that were covered in plastic.  Great, I turned down one of the best steak houses for this?  They have a full bar so we ordered Manhattans and Old Fashions.  The waitress was friendly and helpful enough, thanks Ashley.Okay so I do remember this place being mentioned on a TV show and the "Billionaire Burger with 100% Kobe Beef,  Foie Gras, and Truffle mayo" was ranted and raved about.  Fine.  I love Kobe Beef, Foie Gras, and am a Truffle man so I ordered it.  At $32 for a burger, this thing better be good.  Went for the Onion Rings for $2 more, $16.50 for the Lobster Mac and Cheese, $16 for Fried Pickles (not my choice), $16.50 for the Country fried Bacon, and my colleges ordered spiked shakes while I passed.Lobster Mac and Cheese was, well, watery and just so so.  One of my friends loved the stuff.  The fried pickles reminded me of deep fried zucchini but crispy and salty. Another one of my friends lectured me about pickles and how good they were.  Okay.  The Country Fried Bacon stole the show for the appetizers.  This was a thick slice of pork belly and was oh so good.  4 total pieces were gone in seconds.Now one friend ordered the Memphis Burger that had pulled pork on top of kobe beef and bbq sauce.  He was digging his burger.  Another guy had the Big Fat Greek which is Lamb and reminded him of the best gyro he's ever had.  The dude ordered lamb in a hamburger place.  Whatever.My other buddy and I ordered the Billionaire Burger.  Okay so mind you, this friend frequents 3 Star Michelin Restaurants and runs bills over $400 for dinner.  I also enjoy fine dining so when he mention this restaurant...Anyway.  This quite possibly was one of the best meals I've ever had.  Yes I know it's a burger, yes I realize half the food on the table were deep fried, and again yes I know we were drinking milk shakes (they were not me) with our meals but WOW!This Billionaire Burger was ridiculously stupid good.  It took me 25 minutes to finish it because I savored every bite, seriously.  I refused to drink anything so that the tastes can blend and linger in my mouth it was so good.  I couldn't believe I was eating a freaking hamburger that put a smile on my face so big my cheeks hurt.  I loved this burger so much I left a $20 tip.  Not for the faint of heart when it comes to $$$, granted we drank, one of us heavily (again not me) with hard drinks and tried 1/2 the menu but still a bit of sticker shock running up a $275 bill for 4 burgers, 10 mixed drinks, 2 shakes, and 3 appetizers.
5	This my second time here and it was just as good the second time around.  My daughter and son-in-law suggested this to me when they knew I was planning a trip to vegas months ago.  My best friend and I had lunch here.  She has a serious food allergy and they accommodated her needs perfectly!  As I was lucky to get the chance to come back to Vegas recently with my younger daughter, I brought her here.  Again we had lunch and the food was great not to mention the shakes!  They are heavenly!  I had the Oreo with Baileys Irish creme and she had tiramisu shake!   Both were great!  And huge!  Service was great we had to wait for a bit but well worth it!   Don't hesitate to try this place, you will enjoy it.
4	How can you not love this place? It's right next to Marquee, there's burgers, and of course... Alcoholic milk shakes! The menu is fit to your personal liking. It's difficult to give recommendations. While my bf got the standard burger, I ordered a chicken burger. The chicken was super juicy and flavorful. We ordered the Drunken Monkey, which is a peanut butter cups, banana, malt and alcohol (forgot which kind) milkshake. Service was on point and ambience was fun... Had a dj that night.
4	Read the yelp review and tried 2 famous dishes.Hamburger was okay but it didnt surprised me....great place in cosmopolitan, good customer serviceHowever, it was too cheesy and salty for me.
5	Such an awesome place!  Went here for my boyfriend's birthday. It's his favorite burger joint in Vegas. Shakes were delish, burgers were absolutely amazing, and the atmosphere was cool!
3	This was another place my brother insisted I come because our mom wanted to try the "Billion Dollar Burger" and so I took my parents here for lunch. It was pretty busy but I like the way that they would text you once your table is ready and the wait wasn't bad - less than 10 minutes. I ordered the Billion Dollar Burger for my mom- and what made it worth $32 was a thin slice of foie gras - that according to my mom made the burger super delicious and juicy...I guess it was a good combination and I was surprised my mom actually finished the whole burger. I had the Lobster Mac and Cheese - it was cheesy and definitely loaded with lots of lobster. The portion was small but was enough for me. And my dad ordered the Salmon burger but said it was too dry and didn't like it. The fries weren't good either  - it was pretty soggy and worse of all burnt. There isn't really anything on the menu that is under 10 dollars - except of the sides and shakes. The service was okay. Overall I think it's okay - but I should have tried a burger and shake to make better judgement of the food they are known for - which are burgers - not mac and cheese. so for now it's okay...until next time.
3	Swanky burger place.  There were people of all ages here from middle aged adults having a good time to kids barely 21.  We came with a group of 7 and was seated in around 20 minutes which was a lot faster than the 45min they quoted us.  The waitstaff was very friendly and they are on top of their game with the drink refills.  No one really seemed to have a standard burger they all liked except the Nom Nom which I didn't try.  I split 2 burgers.Good:Gold standard - Added an egg to this burger and thought this burger was good.  There wasn't anything super fancy about it but just straight forward deliciousness.sweet potato friesJust ok:onion rings - hot, cripsy but oversalted.Didn't like:The rising sun - didn't like the oil soaked tempura avacado and the glaze was over poweringfries - Were almost all soggy but still managed to be dry.  I dont know how thats possible.
3	I have been here several times and I really enjoy the milk shakes here and the ambiance...I tried the lobster roll and also the burgers...they were good but not as good as other reviews led me to believe. They have good french fries, the pot stickers were delicious, as were the cuban street tacos.
4	#vakseen4taste At this point Holsteins has become one of those spots we hit anytime we're in Vegas. They have a great beer, cocktail and food selection. Last night we started with the truffled lobster mac n cheese. I've actually been dying to try this dish and it was pretty good. Not great, but good. I'd say it was more the seasoning (or lack of) and flavor of the actual cheese sauce used that could've been better. I expected something a little more rich and creamy. The best thing about this dish is that they didn't go light on the lobster. You had chunks in almost every bite. From there I had the Captain hook (Grilled atlantic salmon w/ frissee, pickled shallots, herb-caper mayo & house cured gravlax) which was excellent. I ordered the salmon medium and it came out a little closer to medium welll, yet it was still flaky and amazing. The combination of flavors in this sandwich are crazy! The house cured gravlax...WOW. Service was pretty quick considering the Final 4 was on and the place was packed. I'd actually recommend making reservations before coming because this place is always packed. Before I forget, our server was very friendly and barely clothed lol. I mean literally her ass was hanging out of her shorts, a LA Hooters. No complaints on my end, but the ladies found it pretty entertaining lol. Just a tip if you bring the jealous type. All in all, a great experience as expected. Food 8.5/10. Service 8/10. Atmosphere 8/10
4	These guys really know how to do a burger. Nice and juicy and the burger was the perfect size amount for one person. Comes with some fries too.And you must get some of their alcohol based shakes too. It's like the perfect dessert to compliment your burger. I got the chocolate smores shake and that was very rich. They make extras so you get a cup and a half and that is a lot already, coupled that with the burger, you are definitely putting in about 2000 calories for a visit.And the 2000+ calories is worth it coming here. Your taste buds will appreciate you a lot. And their selection of beers on tap are very impressive as well.
3	Good burgers. But just good. Not anything special. The price was too high for the burger. The shake was overly sweet. The fries were okay. The service was pushy. They really try to upsell you. Yeah I know, how do you upsell in a burger joint? Stop by and they will show you. Decor is fun though. I don't think I'll be coming back with all the other options on the strip.
5	This was my go to burger spot before GR Burgr opened up. Holsteins is certainly not cheap, and you can definitely make some catastrophic decisions given their large menu- so here is some guidance on what you should getBam Boozled Shakes- Not a huge fan of booze-cream but some of these are pretty spectacularBirthday cake- yea it pretty much tastes like a birthday cake Cereal bowl- captain crunch FTWBlack Cow- even comes with pop rocks on topNot greatDrunken monkey- sounds great in theory, but in practice is pretty awfulCreme Brule- custard and booze do not mix Red Velvet- blehBig BunsMeat ball burger- some purists would probably not like this but it is delicious- it has a tasty focacia bun and pesto on itGold Standard- Bacon, Goat cheese, Garlic aoli- this is definitely not for the faint of heart- but those man enough to stare death from heart disease in the face will be rewarded with sensuous delights. Rising Sun- tempura avocado. Thats fried avacado. If you aren't already ordering this burger as we speak I don't know what else to say to you.What to AvoidNom Nom- this is pretty meh. Kobe beef should be so good it stands on its own (you are paying enough for that anyway)- but here it is covered in potato chips and 1000 island dressing- a dissapointmentCalifornia Turkey- if you are trying to eat healthy this probably isn't the place for you but even the veggie burger is better than this
2	We came here because the line for Secret Pizza was too long. But I very much regret coming here. I was looking for something small so I looked at their "Mini Buns" section. I ended up getting the Lobster Roll. It came with two small rolls but the bread was cut so shallow that there was barely any fillings. Plus I didn't like the taste of it. It was $16.50 which is way too expensive for how small/not tasty it is. My friend ordered a Caesar salad with grilled chicken. The salad was $12, the chicken was $8. $8 for a small piece of grilled chicken?! Are you crazy?!I'm never coming back here again.
3	Food: A bit overpriced even for gourmet burgers. I had one of their most expensive burgers, the appropriately named Billionaire Burger. One of the ingredients was foie gras which made it taste really good. The burger came with a small bucket of fries. I had an Old Rasputin to go with the burger. I would come back to try some of the other burgers on the menu.Service: I sat at the bar and the bartender provided excellent service. If it were based on service alone, this place would get 5 stars. But keep in mind that I got there right when they opened for lunch. Everybody was still fresh. :)Location: Inside the Cosmopolitan on the 2nd floor. It's very easy to locate with signs everywhere. You can't miss it!
3	Holsteins or Gordon Ramsay BurGR. Although close, I still vote for BurGR simply because Holsteins is a good $5 more expensive per burger with comparable quality in my opinion. My friend begs to differ but this is my review.Drinks here are overpriced and very average, so I wouldn't recommend spending your money on them.Burgers range from like $18-20 on average, and it's a very average sized patty, maybe 1/3lb. They are cooked well though, as you would expect. As everyone says, I tried the Gold Standard burger with an egg and I finished that in like 2 minutes.One thing for this place is that the place is pretty big and the we didn't have to wait very long, compared to a 30-45min wait at BurGR. Either way, I'd suggest coming here to try it if you haven't, since it's a decent place. As for me, I'd come back here only if I'm destroying the tables at Cosmo or literally have no time to eat elsewhere, otherwise I'd probably go to the Cosmo Buffet instead.
4	SO Good.  We got into Vegas late and wanted a place where we could take our kids for a fun and tasty dinner.  The wait was only about 30 minutes at 8 pm for party of 5.  It was ok to have kids and the food was really good.  We did have to wait a long time for our food and our waitress to check back in with us.  But, it seems when in Vegas the service is not that great anywhere as so much of their customers are one time travelers.  It also helps that it is located inside the Cosmopolitan which is the greatest hotel on the strip too!
4	Before leaving Vegas, I was determined to try Holsteins. It's very hard to get a decent burger out in Surprise, AZ and as a burger    connoisseur I felt it was my mission to taste and to yelp. So I did. And it was spectacular.Holsteins is located inside the Cosmopolitan and easy to get to. We were seated within 20 minutes and served almost immediately.I didn't try their bamBOOZLE shakes (although I plan to next time) but a friend got their regular shake and it was great. Each one of us got a different burger and were def not keen on sharing as it was tooooo good to not eat the whole thing. I got the Gold Standard burger with reg fries. It was cooked to a perfect medium and so juicy (that my mouth is watering as I type). The goat cheese and arugula really made it a tasty burger.My beau got the Nom Nom burger. I'll never forget the way his face lit up when he took that first bite. He said it's one of the best burgers he's ever had. As a fellow burger connoisseur, he must mean business. It was cooked a little well for his taste but man that Kobe beef is bomb diggity. I highly recommend subbing your side for onion rings. I found myself sneaking a few fried rings whenever he was in the midst of mouth-gasm. The burgers + drinks were a bit pricey but well worth it for the quality of the meal. This is def the best burger joint in Vegas. Holla!
4	Great burger  top notch
5	Always great service and amazing food!! The shakes are super yummy and the hamburgers don't disappoint!!
5	To say that Holstein's is incredible is an understatement. I have had a few burgers from Holstein's, and each burger is beyond phenomenal. This is one of the few restaurants that offer a gluten free bun, let alone a gluten free bun that is delicious, so when I found out they had this option we immediately ran to this restaurant without passing go. Add on the fact they have spiked milkshakes, and I am all set to go.The three burgers I've had at Holstein's are:Burger of the Day: Short Rib BurgerThis burger had huge chunks of melt in your mouth short rib that made everything seem right in the world.Gold Standard Burger: Dry Aged Beef Sirloin Burger With Smoked Bacon, Aged Goat Cheddar Cheese, Tomato Confit, Baby Arugula & Garlic-Chive Aioli This burger should be the first burger you eat at Holstein's. Everything about it is right. You'd think a burger with that many ingredients would be overwhelming, but it's not. No wonder this burger has gotten them several well-earned awards. Everyone we know that has come to Holstein's with us has loved this burger.Captain Hook Burger:Grilled Atlantic Salmon w/Frissee, Pickled Shallots, Herb-Caper Mayo & House Cured Gravlax To be quite honest, I don't know what Gravlax is, but whatever it is I love it and will go back to Holstein's to eat it whenever my waistline can bear it. The salmon was cooked perfectly: tender in the inside with a buttery crust on the outside and definitely not greasy. If you're looking for a lighter option instead f a burger, this is the way to go.Go here. You will love every bite. If you have a gluten allergy or not, you will be able to eat their regular french fries (natural cut and good, but nothing life altering) or their sweet potato fries which are a delicious treat in a world that rarely gets sweet potato fries right. If you're looking for less fried, go with the coleslaw. So, so good. Eat up and enjoy!
4	The food is great here! They have absolutely amazing burgers, wonderfully inventive appetizers and the shakes are a must! A special note if you're a vegetarian they can make any of the burgers on the menu with a veggie patty.
2	High price for  burgers you can get pretty much anywhere in Vegas for cheaper.  There was a server switch after we put in our order and ended up not getting the appetizer we ordered and they didn't not even offer to comp anything for us.  The burger was ok nothing I have not had before.
1	Worst service ever...I stopped in for a quick bite before I hit the aria casino ....the food was expensive and really not that great...I've been in the restaurant business for many years and I was shocked to have to pay 14 bucks for three burger sliders that came without fries ....when the plate came the burgers were the size of a silver dollar....ridiculous ....jus because your on the strip doesn't mean you sacrifice quality .... Seriously people!Then to top it off the waitress didn't bring me the free popcorn ....and sitting there seeing 6 tables around me get popcorn ...gave me the feeling of not being welcomed .... :(
3	Average.Salad was good - fresh & crisp.Burger was okay. I got the memphis, the bbq portion was good the burger was semi-dry (ordered medium, was closer to medium-well) but the bun held up alright. Their boozy shakes looked awesome, but I didnt order any (the burger filled me up easily) so I can't comment.
3	Hellllllllooooooooooooo burgers! I want so badly to give them higher than a three star because my burger was delicious and I loved by strawberry milkshake but the service here was not so fantastic.We got seated quickly in the back and each got a water while we ordered drinks and looked at the menu.  The server seemed to disappear for about 15 minutes and our milkshakes took forever to come.  Let me just preface that it was absolutely not busy/packed by any means so I'm not sure what was going on.  We ended up ordered, got our shakes (which were delicious by the way) and got our burgers a bit after. The BF had the onion rings and I had fries (which were cold and I had to ask for a fresh order because they were definitely stale). We didn't have a lengthy meal (it was lunch time) and I didn't think we were being annoying by any means with what we ordered, refills, etc.  but it felt like we had quite a long lunch The burgers themselves were quite good but with the time, service and price tag for it all, I'd say that it's just "OK".  $66 before tip for 2 burgers, 2 shakes, onion rings and fries.
4	Pork belly was delicious! A little too saucy but meat itself was crispy and juicy! Truffle lobster Mac was really good too! Came here with my 8 year old and scene was definitely kids friendly! Order three small app dishes and it was the perfect amount for the two of is including a virgin Oreo milkshake!
4	First good service I've had at any of the cosmopolitan bars or restaurants. The burgers were unique and very moist and tasty. The only thing that could be improved was the frys.
3	I only had a salad and sweet potato fries so I cannot speak to the burger quality. Everyone else seemed to quite enjoy their burgers and shakes though!I had a spring salad that was decent quality and a good mix of greens with some pecans and pomegranate seeds. Service was good and they provide a tiny bucket of cheesy popcorn to munch on as well.
4	It was good.  I'm not going to spend too much time reviewing as my sentiments have been expressed over and over in these reviews.Great burger for an exuberant price.  I had the Rising Sun which is probably the most unique burger on the menu with tempura fried avocado slices, a "teriyaki" which was more of a Korean bulgogi type of sauce, crispy onions and a fried egg which I added manually.  Great burger, but nothing that blew my pants off.I sat at the bar and the bartender was on top of things.  She was very attentive and always had my drink refilled.  This was an off hour however and I was like one of maybe 15 people in the restaurant.I still prefer Burger Bar to all of the other burger joints on the strip.
4	Great burgers! A bit on the pricey side. I had the greek lamb burger and it was awesome. I'd say it's a must try while you're at the Cosmopolitan. If a sports game is on while you're there expect some noisy fans.
4	Las vegas. BURGERS! Adult Milkshakes!  That's a trifecta in my book. This place is def a stop you should include in your vegas experience. They have fun art on the walls, friendly service and amazing food. I got the rising sun kobe beef burger and wow, so delicious. It had tempura avocado with this teriyaki glaze making it a truly original burger. Milkshakes are my favorite. So when going to a place the specializes in milkshakes, let alone 'adult' milkshakes I get truly stoked. This place came through on a glorious milkshake. I got the red velvet milkshake and it came in a big glass, as well as the extra metal cup pretty much meaning you got two milkshakes. The calamari was bomb too!
5	There's so much on the menu and so many things I wanted to try. I ended up just getting a simple burger. The fries were too salty for me so I couldn't eat them all and I LOVE fries. Free margarita with check in!
4	Meatball burger and sweet potato fries were awesome. Had the berry fresh cocktail, delicious but not something I could not have gotten somewhere else.Wife loved the chicken cheese buffalo dip.Service was prompt and pleasant.
5	Wow, what a meal. To top it off, the service was excellent. Loved getting popcorn instead of bread as I was waiting and the burgers. The burgers! They were out of this world. The combo of real good beef, cheese, fresh bread and all the goodness was awesome! Was here for a work conference and had to go here twice. I could have gone to the wicked spoon but who wants a buffet and you can get a wholesome real burger!
5	This may seem strange getting a 5 star review to a burger joint from a vegan. They offer the best house made vegan burger I have ever tasted. It is called the Urth burger and vegans and non-vegans alike will love the flavor and texture. I also ordered the vegan raspberry coconut bamboozled shake. It is just like it sounds, a delicious shake full of booze. The shake was so large that it made almost 2 whole shakes so I shared it with my sister. I will absolutely be back on my next visit. All you vegans out there need to eat here!
4	Holsteins is a must visit when anywhere near the Cosmo.  The burgers are lovely and the beer selection will please anyone looking for "something light and different" to go with the heavy-ish fare. I've visited the place three times now while in Vegas on business and have not been disappointed. As is the case in Vegas... the service is efficient although slightly oblivious in that  the wait staff will put their own priorities in the busy restaurant, above interrupting you mid sentence to "check if everything is okay"... but they do check - and the place is always nuts... so I can't really fault it.I've tried a couple of the burgers and they were quite artful. Had the sliders and milkshakes after an exhausting four day conference and they totally hit home. Yum!Two of my visits were with large groups and everyone was pleased with their meals. This was all a few months ago so I don't have specific recommendations for the food for you... but our orders were pretty diverse.The place is super loud and it's a kind of upper-mid-scale-Vegas-Tourist atmosphere. I use the word Tourist because the clientele diversity ranged from families with kids, to frat boys... and despite that, the meal was enjoyable and while the slightly lower scale service was a slight annoyance... It was forgivable given that I was on a business trip with colleagues.Good for groups of friends looking for excellent burgers, beer and interesting soft-drinks.Not somewhere I'd ever bring a date to... but that's just me. ;)
5	This place was great!! Handsome and I came here during our stay at The Cosmopolitan for lunch. Handsome got the Oreo Shake and I got the Fat Boy Shake. Both were so yum but really filling! I ordered the Nom Nom Burger and Handsome got the Gold Standard Burger. They were just delicious! Cooked perfectly medium rare. So juicy and tasty. The fries were crisp and wonderful. I am so happy we decided to go here it was a perfect choice for lunch.
5	Love this place! We are local and eat here weekly if we can. The Fungi burger and Steakhouse burgers are killer. The meat on that Steakhouse is just unparalleled. These were my staples until I tried the Rising Sun, which was the best burger I've had in my life. The Oreo shake is good. They have really good sweet potato fries and onion rings. Good for a kid-friendly place on the strip. Good service. Also, you never have to wait too long.If you're debating between BurGR and Holstein's, BurGR has much longer waits, not as good service, and it's harder to get to (if you drive your car). The burgers are comparable with a little more refinement going to BurGR. However, BurGR has better fries (truffle) and shakes - OMG BurGR has good shakes, really more like dessert.If you want a quick bite or have kids, Holstein's is your best bet.
5	Let's go, let's go, let's go!Super fun, relaxed atmosphere- great place to stop by for a late lunch after an afternoon at the pools. Even better if you fit in a morning workout, because the food is even more glorious without the food-coma-associated-guilt. Service: Attentive and very helpfulSPIKED SHAKES: Amazing. Can personally recommend Birthday Cake, Cereal Bowl, and Drunken Monkey. What's even more amazing is how good the vegan cinnamon pecan shake was. You really can't go wrong with any of the burgers (and as far as the sides go, I'm usually a sweet potato fry fan, but their onion rings came out on top!). Our group also may have ordered a second round of the crispy pork belly buns to take home.I can't wait to go back and try a few more of the "nosh" items (small plates/apps)- poke tostadas or buffalo chicken dip, anyone?
3	Burger was dry and my bun was soggy which they fixed after I flagged down another server.  Missed my free beer in the four square checkin (my fault for doing it after I paid).  Fries are greasy and limp.  Seats were dirty with crumbs.  My gf loved her farmers salad though.
4	Burger lovers rejoice! Holsteins combines American flavors with a twist of creativity. I tried the Drunken Monkey shake which was delicious but extremely thick. If you plan to have a full meal you may want to share the shake, there is only so much room in one's stomach. An added bonus was the movie style popcorn for free. I ordered el machete burger which I definitely recommend. I wish I could have had more of the side french fries because they tasted like salty goodness. I also couldn't help but love the cute cartoon pigs dressed as cows!
5	Awesome beer selection, delicious boozy milkshakes, tasty/meaty burgers, and lobster mac n'cheese! Service was quick and friendly. Prices were reasonable. I definitely will be back here.
4	I love this place! This is located near the Marquee Day Club, so it's a perfect location to grab a bite to eat after an afternoon out in the sun. And if you had a couple drinks already, it makes the food here just that much better.Their burger was really really good. I devoured it just like that. We also got the bacon wrapped peppers, and some tacos (I forgot off the top of my head what it was exactly), but I remember it was really tender. Super yummy! They also had popcorn for us too. How sweet is that? I will definitely come back again, and I'll update my review after.
4	Anyone who knows me, knows how much I'm a sucker for burgers. Ever since I moved to Vegas I've been on the hunt for a great burger joint. Holsteins comes very close to hitting the mark. I've tried about 4 different burgers from here (Rising Sun, Gold Standard) but I must say the Nomnom Burger & Billionaire Burger were my favorite. So tender and tasty. Now that's a burger! I'm getting hungry just thinking about it. So the fries, meh. I could do without those. Funny, it seems difficult to find a place that has great burgers AND fries. I mean come on, you can't really enjoy one without the other. Am I right? Before my visit, I scrolled through some pictures on yelp I noticed the thick cut fries. Mama like! Imagine my disappointment to hear they no longer have those on the menu, boo! Anywho, the onion rings are good and the shakes are pretty standard. Order a bamboozled shake if you need a little "pick me up" Hey, it's happy hour somewhere. :) The service has always been great, even with larger parties. So bring your friends, appetite and don't forget your wallet! These burgers are not for the frugal foodie.
5	Delicious vegan burgers and amazing flavors!  Went here twice during my Vegas trip :)Delicious vegan burgers! I also loved how you can still get the vegan patty (or whichever patty you want) and then you can go with the other toppings. I tried the Urth burger and it was yummy but my favorite was the truffle mushroom burger with the vegan patty. Yum!Definitely come by. My friends who ordered the regular burgers LOVED them. One of my friends got the banana cream pie shake and we all tried it. One word: WOW!  If you plan on getting one, leave room...it is large and they give you the extra that won't fit in the glass in a separate steel cup.  I was impressed that they gave my friend the rest of her shake in a plastic cup so she could drink it later.  Gotta love Vegas!  Excellent food and location.  You can't beat that! Two thumbs up!
5	I was skeptical in trying Holsteins because of the mixed reviews, but after eating at Gordon Ramsay's BurGR so much, I wanted a different burger place. Originally we came here around midnight Fri to try the place, but were told they stopped serving their regular menu at 11PM. They offered a late night menu instead which were basically just appetizers (no burgers/shakes). No biggie, we came back the next day after a fabulous time at Marquee's dayclub...Spoiler alert: We also came back the next day before we left on the drive back home because it was SOOO GOOD!!The decor is so cute here w/ the anime pig wall posters and the theme totally matched w/ the Cosmopolitan. Our server made great recommendations for us & started us off w/ the complimentary small bucket of lightly salt/sweet popcorn. My bf killed that thing, talk about drunk munchiesBamboozled Shakes:Drunken Monkey - I added toasted coconut marshmallow to it and this was one damn good shake! The description/ingredients seemed so minimal, yet the shake tasted so amazing. It was like a cookies n cream reese's coconut shake. This was my fav out of all the other shakes. Tiramisu - They had me at mascarpone ice cream. I LOVE mascarpone, but you could barely taste it in this shake. This tasted like a chocolate shake, not much espresso/coffee flavor. Banana Creme Pie - My bf go this 'cause he loves bananas and I would say this was my 2nd fav shake. It tastes exactly like a banana cream pie, but in shake form w/ chocolate. I liked that they topped it w/ white chocolate covered bananas.The shakes are big enough to share, but trust me you won't want to. I like that you get a full glass shake and the extras are in the metal mixing cup so you can eat it w/ a spoon (yum!) I also like that their shakes all were thick & creamy!Apps:Surf 'n Turf Quesadilla - DELISH my favorite app! This ain't no taco bell quesadilla. It was crunchy and not oily at all. The lobster, steak and manchego cheese inside all just melted in your mouth and is bursting w/ flavor. MUST ORDER!!Soft Shell Crab Bruschetta - For a burger place, their presentation of these apps were tapas style and as nice as any fancy steakhouse. The softshell crab was on top of a thick cut brioche bread, the aioli and tomato salad made the app refreshingCrispy Calamari - big enough portion to share, I couldn't stop dunking these rings in the sweet chili sauce. I like that they don't overbread the calamari ringsMaine lobster roll - pricey for this, but there were generous amount of lobster. Crispy pork belly bun - Tasted better than the ones at Ramsay's BurGR. The steamed buns weren't dry & sauce was spot onBurgers:Rising Sun w/ onion rings(normally comes w/ fries, but paid $2 to upgrade) - THE BEST BURGER EVER!! Most asian fusion burgers get overpowered by the sauce, but not here. It didn't taste like an ordinary overly sweet typical terriyaki burger. Everything was perfect about this burger, that first bite was so orgasmic. THIS IS what a burger should taste like! The whole brioche bun was toasted to perfection. I am not sure how they did it, but the top part of the bun and inside had a nice toast crisp to it. The tempura avocado was nice, added a different texture. You could taste each item in the burger and they all blended well together. The KOBE beef patty was cooked medium, yet it was juicy and had a nice pink to it. Onion rings were the best we've had as well & worth the upgrade! They were thick, fried, fresh, and crispy, no soggy oiliness at all. MAKE SURE TO ASK FOR BUTTERMILK RANCH TO DIP THE ONION RINGS IN!! It tastes so divineFun-Ghi on WHEAT BUN w/ salad ($2 extra) - Healthy combo huh? My 2nd fav burger, but my bf preferred this over Rising sun because he prefers the truffle flavor. Again, patty was cooked perfect along w/ toasted wheat bun. I actually prefer the regular bun's flavor although the wheat bun was toasted the same way as the regular brioche bun. The burger wasn't smothered in mayo thank god! The gruyere helped accentuate the truffle portabella & caramelized onions. Salad was a generous portion of mixed greens & the dressing was tangy yet sweet & light (sort of like a coleslaw dressing w/ lemon). The only negative is that we added a fried egg to the burger, but there was no runny yolk...the egg was fully cooked :(Gold Standard w/ sweet potato fries- Everyone kept talkin about this burger, but we thought it paled in comparison to Rising Sun. Sweet potato fries were bomb!I would have to say that Holstein's outranks Ramsay's BurGR. We were so pleased w/ our meal that we sent compliments to the chef. We were lucky that both days we ate here, the executive chef was working. The food comes out fast and you will leave happily stuffed. Don't forget to give them your identity player's card for points!Note: Try and get a girl server. The first day we had a girl and she was totally on top of it. The 2nd day, we had a guy and he seemed easily overwhelmed
4	Holsteins shakes are like a spiked milkshake ! They have really great creations and they were so good ! I recommend the Frozen Grasshopper or the Drunken Monkey. These are delicious !!! From there, we went on and had a few apps on the menu. The Lobster Mac and Cheese, Lobster rolls, sliders, and the bruschetta. Everything was AMAZING except for the crab bruschetta. Took a small bite and passed the plate. The only think I would say about this is that the bartender didn't take it off our bill. We did state that it was not good and shouldn't be recommended to people but it's an $18 app so I guess upselling is where this came in. I'm going to continue on how great everything else was though. The Lobster Mac and Cheese and Lobster Rolls were dynamite ! The size of actual lobster in these small plates were terrific and so so good ! The mini sliders were great too ! The staff and bartender we had was really nice ! Highly recommend this place ! At least if you're passing by, just go for the shakes !
5	Been there twice and LOVE it.  What more cold you want? Awesome burgers and alcoholic milk shakes.  Plus, you get to enjoy the Cosmo too!  Win-win!
3	As a vegas local, I love trying new places... I took stars away mainly for service. I booked a reservation for 2 at 8:15.. showed up a bit earlier and they quickly seated us. I asked for a water with lemon and a few moments to look over the menu. Water came back with no lemon. I got a very weird vibe from our waitress, like we annoyed her. I ordered the classic medium rare with American cheese and onion rings. My burger came back and when I cut the burger in half.. blood came out of the patty.. Definitely not medium rare, this was rare beyond belief. Since i was starving I did not want to make a commotion and send it back. Despite the patty being undercooked, the onion rings were delicious. My date had french fries and those were so good. If this review was strictly based on food I would give it 4 stars, minus one for the undercooked beef patty. The portions are enough to fill you up, and it had a casual atmosphere. I will go back, probably just ask for a medium cooked hamburger instead.**reading other reviews, we did not get the complimentary popcorn either, that's a little disappointing.
4	Damn good burgers although the service isn't the greatest. Even after a half hour wait I would have given the place 5 stars if the server hadn't had such a bad attitude. Luckily that was changed after I spoke with the manager and suggested that if they couldn't supply the customer a Cosmopolitan due to their "being out of supplies to make one" (!?!), they might want to allow the customer to bring their Cosmopolitan that was purchased 50 feet away from the door at the Chandelier bar for $15 into the restaurant that is located inside the Cosmopolitan hotel and casino without a complaint that it's "against policy to bring outside beverages into our establishment".
4	Went the lobster mac and cheese, and the lobster rolls. Both were perfect sizes to have both, along with a massive glass of coke with lots of ice in my hungover vegas state! Service was pretty good, there was only one other table when I first got in (at open at 11am on a Thursday).Only problem is the price - like everything in the Cosmo it's pretty privy for what it is. I'd still go back though it was that tasty!Fun Fact - also like the rest of the Cosmo, the art in here is really cool!
1	My husband and I have been to Holsteins before and while on the strip with out of town friends decided to head over for a good burger. We knew that Memorial Day weekend would be busy and were  prepared for a wait. What we were not prepared for was the horrible service and attitude from our server. I can say without thinking twice that it was the worst service experience I have had on the strip ever.  We sat in the bar area to circumvent the long dining room wait time. A busser came by and immediately wiped down the table and set it up. Another 25 minutes went by without our table getting waters or being acknowledged by our server. The busser came by and noticed we hadn't been helped and decided to take our orders and get our drinks.  We got our waters and then the server finally decided to come to our table only to tell us with an attitude no less that they did not have most of the things required for our drink orders. This happened twice more before we all resolved to sticking with waters. We did not see our server again until it was time for the check. The busser, Eric, was basically our server.  He took our orders, brought our orders, and checked on us in between. He went above and beyond his job description. The 2 times we saw we saw our server (to tell us they couldn't make drinks and to drop a check ) Emily, we were subjected to her non-apologetic, horrible attitude. Accordingly, our whole generous tip was given to the busser who actually worked for it and saved the experience from being a complete disaster. The food was very good but was hard to enjoy given the lacking service.  It was a disappointing experience in a city that resolves around the service industry. I highly doubt we will return or recommend Holsteins to friends.
3	The sweet potato fries get a thumbs up, Holstein's special lager was nice. Wayne loved his Urth burger. They pushed the gold standard burger, which placed a distant fourth. I'd advise sticking with Kobe beef. Service was meh.
3	I ordered the blackened salmon po' boy, which ended up being a mistake. I should have ordered a burger. My wife did and it looked delicious. The po' boy was unfortunately dry and extremely messy. The fries that accompanied it were OK. I'm not a fan of steak fries due to their sogginess. Instead, I prefer crispier, thinner fries. I  wish there had been a second option. But, if you are a fan of soggier fries, you will probably like these.The service was actually quite good. I was drinking water like crazy, and my glass was always refilled promptly before I could even ask. My only regret is that I did not take the waiter's recommendations, since my meal was somewhat lackluster.I'd give this place another chance. My bad for trying to opt for something healthier at a burger joint, I suppose. Also, being next to the entrance to Marquee, this place can get pretty loud. So, if loud crowds bother you, you should be aware for that.
4	I've stayed at the Cosmo several times and I always stop by here, it can get pretty crowded around peak times, but anything worth doing in Vegas is the same. The Food:The last time I was here I had the philly eggroll and the Nom Nom burger. The Philly eggroll was actually really tasty and flavorful and I would definitely get it again. The Nom Nom burger (burger with chips and cheese inside) was on the salty side for me.The Highlight:The highlight of this place every single time is the milkshakes. Whether you get them alcoholic or non-alcoholic, they are absolutely delicious. I tried the drunken monkey, the banana cream pie, and the fat boi, and they are all soooooo good. I only wish they were only 24/7 so I can grab one after leaving the club. Thumbs up!
5	OMG THE ABSOLUTE BEST! If you're ever in Vegas and on the strip, stop by Cosmo and GO TO HOLSTEINS. Our waitress was impeccable and the best. I wish I'd gotten her name because she deserves a raise!! Best customer service ever!PROS: -burgers were cooked to absolute perfection and to the way we wanted.-shakes were to die for. foodgasm to the max. -fries were crispy and perfect.Overall, it was one of the best hamburgers I'd ever tasted and the best experience all in one. No doubt whenever I'm in Vegas I will make a stop at Holsteins!
2	Food is phenomenal hands down one of the best burger places. We go here every time  we come to Vegas However I don't know if we will ever go back. My wife got a big ass hair in her burger bun...which was just the start. Then our waiter Fabrizio (yeah that was his real name) decides to overcharge us on our credit card, and luckily one of us caught it. When we told the manager he simply said "sorry it happens" and revised the bill. All in all super unprofessional staff and shotty service outweigh the delicious burgers.
5	Quick little spot next to marquee! Good food and good service-- let alone our server is kute!
4	Very good burgers, a bit pricey...but then again this is Las Vegas. My friends & I were starving after leaving Marquee Day Club so we went here. Has an amazing Hooters/Rustic ambiance with beautiful waitresses. Love the couch service for dining.  I ordered the Sunrise Burger: delicious!The only bad thing I can say about this place is that even though the waitress are generally nice, they're so busy (or at least ours was) that they're customer service could be a bit better. Other than that, I'll be back again.
3	I came here for snack before going to Marquee.  Holsteins offers gourmet burgers, @ very high prices.  They also offer salmon and chicken options, as well as apps like wings & calamari.  In addition, you can also get foie gras on your burger for $12 extra.  Lastly, Holsteins offers bamboozled shakes w/ liquor at $11.I ordered the Gold Standard ($18 - Dry aged beef sirloin burger w/smoked bacon, aged goat cheddar cheese, tomato confit, baby arugula & garlic-chive aioli).  Sweet potato fries or rings are a $2 upgrade.  Unfortunately, the burger should have been called the "Old Standard", because it was a basic burger w/ bacon on top.  The burger wasn't that big, didn't have any distinctive flavor, and it was nothing special especially for the price.  I can get an equivalent burger & fries for much less.  The same goes for the fries.  They were nothing special:  Both 3 Stars.The ambiance was typical sports bar w/ a bar obviously, lounge seating, and the regular dining room:  3 Stars.  The only thing that was superior was the service from Toshi the bartender.  He was super cool & friendly.  He also comped me on a drink, so I gave him the cost of the drink as an additional tip ($10):  5 Stars for Toshi.Holsteins is a pricey place to have a burger if you are staying at the Cosmo.  But I would definitely not go out of my way to come here.  However, I would go out of my way to say hello to Toshi, and just have drinks.
5	Holsteins is right across from Marquee inside the Cosmpolitan so it's the perfect place to grab a bite to eat after day club. I ended up getting the Gold Standard which was delicious. It is a little pricey but the patty is so big and juicy that it makes sense to pay $$ for the good quality. Plus it is SUPER filling. I actually shared this with a friend and we were both so full off of just half the burger. Moreover the fries were also good, not too thick or too thin but just right. I liked the crispiness of them and how they weren't too salty.My friends and I actually got our orders to go and I was the first one to order. However, everyone's food came out first and when my meal still didn't come out I mentioned this to the cashier. I jokingly asked if we could get some extra fries and not only did she throw in a box of fries but she also told me to choose a milkshake on the house. I got the red velvet milkshake which was TO DIE FOR. I loved the texture (had a slight crunch) and how sweet and creamy it was. I'm so glad I got to experience their shakes since I heard that they were pretty good. However, they are originally around $14 which is pretty expensive. I would recommend sharing one between friends so you can at least get a taste for it. I think everyone should go here at least once on their trip to Vegas! You won't regret it :)
4	Great place for Blended Shakes. My Banana mixed shake was pretty awesome.Nice ambiance and kool place to chill !!Heard great things about there burgers. Although I havent tried any of them, I only hear great things!!
3	Pretty good burger joint.  I have been to better, but nothing to complain about.
4	Great place to get a burger in the strip. You're likely going to have to wait but where in Vegas do you not have to wait?The fried pickles are awesome and the shakes are fantastic. Well-seasoned, juicy beef patties. Not cheap, but they are generous with portions.
4	Love this place. This is our go to place for a quick bite EVERYTIME we are in Vegas and staying/visiting THE COSMO. Over time, we have tried the following and have fallen in love. Thai Steak SaladFried pickles (don't ask, just try)Kobe beef slidersTruffle lobster mac-n-cheeseAhi Poke tostadaTry these. You won't be sorry.
5	I've only been here a few days and I've eaten here twice already! Love this place. Casual, great burgers, great beers, great service. Can't say enough about it!
5	Ok, I just have to say one of the best burgers I've ever had. I had the fun-ghi. I'm a sucker for anything with truffel oil.  This burger was cooked perfectly, and the perfect amount of truffle oil. I wish there was one closer to me in San Diego. Our server Joselito was awesome. Totally took care of us.
3	See my post on Bachi Burger. In a nutshell, this place is overhyped in my opinion. Food is good but not worth the price. Adult shakes were probably the best thing here.
4	Very quality burgers and drinks at affordable prices.  Good for groups.
5	Came here for lunch after a morning in Cosmo's pool. I was wearing a two piece bathing suit and one of those beach shirts. Was told when my party was being seated that I couldn't be in there because I'm not wearing pants. WTF, it's Vegas...people walk around every where with a thong even. We looked at the workers and all the waitresses had to wear booty shorts and knee high socks. One of the waitress, a black chic, her shorts were so high that literally half her ass was showing. It was kind of disturbing. But I guess they were trying to keep it classy? Lol. So what did I do? I sat down and just put my purse on my thighs. No one noticed, problem solved.Ordered a chicken caesar salad and meh, nothing great about it. The other person ordered the kobe beef burger and I had a few bites of that, it was DELICIOUS. One of the best kobe beef burgers I've had. The fries were pretty good too, asked to have it crispy though.For 4 people, ordered two chicken caesar salads and 2 burgers, bill came out to be about $80. Best part, meal was comp'd. #WIN
4	Great Burger. Went on Memorial Day and surprisingly it was crowded but not overwhelmingly. We were able to grab two seats at the bar.  I wanted to split a boozy milkshake but he was in the mood for a cocktail. I got the brown cow float. It was lighter and he still had to help me with it! It was so good. I love a good root beer float. I could taste the booze.We both ordered burgers. He added an egg to the steakhouse burger. I got the funghi. Both cooked perfectly. They were delicious. Generous portions. The fries were ok but the burger was so big. Truffle flavor was there and the Gruyere was perfectly melted. It was a more refined mushroom and Swiss burger. In a good way. The fries were just ok. A place like this should have perfectly executed fries there is no reason for anything less. However props to including them in the price of the burger.We got good service from the bartenders but the shakes and burgers were slow coming. BF said the cocktail he has was well executed. We will be back and next time I will ask them to make sure my fries are crispy.
3	My colleagues wanted milkshakes after dinner so got a table.  I would say it was a mixed bag at the restaurant.  The staff was very friendly and accommodating but it was very loud in the restaurant so it was hard to hear.  My colleagues all enjoyed their milkshakes. Some with alcohol and some without out. I had a black cherry soda that was really tasty.  We also had some fries and fried pickles.  I prefer pickle chips as the spears were a bit hard to eat.  You really had to cut each bite instead of just biting the pickle spear.   The fries were tasty too.  I want to try their burgers another time.
2	I checked in at Holstein's yesterday with my husband, we usually do a date/day or night at least once I week, we are locals so we usually don't go to the strip much. I had the chicken fingers and natural cut fries, and my hubby had a burger and onion rings.. The fingers were very good( I am a super picky eater). My hubby was making the hmm hmm sound the whole time he are and the onion rings were fried perfectly and they didn't fall apart and leave you just eating the onion. The two HUGE ISSUES I had were with our bartender/ waitress who was nice and attentive BUT a little to much with my husband... It was like she took care of my needs as a customer but engage in convo with him, kept her eyes on him and when my hubby and I shared an inside joke that we shared, you told me.... Be nice..really?? Like I said we are locals and I have been a waitress, cocktail server and a blackjack dealer and I know the whole " flirt a little" deal but not with someone's husband. We both had our wedding rings on and we were affectionate. I think she should be careful with that, I was kinda taken aback.. We ate, food was good but I will never go back to that restaurant for that reason.
1	My burger patty fell apart after only a couple bites and so did my burger.  My girlfriend got sick from her burger.  They also sat a table of 5 next to us so close that I had to physically move ours over so I wouldn't be nudging elbows with the guy next to me.  Don't waste your time or money here.
2	We came here at night after a long day of traveling and partying. The burgers here r delicious. I got the gold standard because it kept on getting mentioned and it was delicious! I highly recommend it.However the service was okay here. Our waiter kept on pushing drinks on us, when we didn't want any and just asked for water he tried pushing bottled water. When we just wanted tap water, he had no smile and was pretty cold for us the whole night. My friend also got stomach problem from her food here. It was the only thing she ate all afternoon and night so we were sure it's from this place.I'm very torn on this place because i really liked my burger... Sadly the experience here wasn't that great
5	Seriously the best burger I've ever had.  I recommend booking reservations before your arrival because it can get a bit busy. The price is mid level but definitely affordable.I recommend the build your own burger- mine had potato chips, avocado, and blue cheese on it.... I also highly recommend the captain crunch shake!!! So good, tastes just like the cereal.
5	I'm a fan of Holsteins; it's absolutely one of the best burgers I've ever had. Every time I go I tell myself I'm going to try something new, but I never do- I'm a "Gold Standard" kind of girl and this burger is it for me. Great fries too and my husband says they make an excellent shake. There's usually a wait and it's not cheap, but totally worth it!
4	One negative:Very loud restaurant with music and the games blaring.  Was hard to hold a conversation with my husband. Positive: good food and great service.
2	My rating is based on both the food and the service. My friends and I had come to eat here as we were waiting to check in to our room yesterday. It took about 15 minutes to get our waters. I ordered the ahi poke tostadas as an appetizer. There was an overwhelming taste of lime and cilantro that took over each bite and they were served on stale chips. For my entree, I got the El Machete burger. It was honestly just okay... The bottom bun was a bit soggy which made it difficult to eat with my hands without everything falling out of the burger. The best part of my experience was the fries (which were pretty good, I'll give them that). We were all pretty fed up and wanted to leave rather quickly. then it took a while to get our check which I couldn't understand because I looked around the restaurant and the place wasn't even half full. The most annoying part was that they included gratuity in our bill already (for our party of 6) so we couldnt give them the tip that we felt they actually deserved because they already charged us for it.
4	I have been to this place multiple times with my family and not once was I disappointed. I love burgers and it's fair to say that Holstein's is the shit! The place looks cool and the service is great. My combo, Gold Standard with a fried egg, fries, and their Spicy Bloody Mary...Perfect.
3	The burger was good.  Impressive selection of shakes,  it made me wish I weren't lactose intolerant.  The service was decent.  Cute decor, but very loud.  We were a party of 8, not at a large table, and we had to yell to hear each other. It was a little pricey... It was about $120 for 4 of us,  no alcohol,  2 shakes,  2 burgers,  a kids meal, and a small sandwich.  More of a tourist place,  locals would know a burger joint that you don't have to sell your first born to go to.
4	Great food. Burgers to big, what kind of complaint is that?  5 stars on taste, 3stars on price for the 4 star average.  Great shakes, very loud. Recommend.
4	Awesome burgers and great draft beer selection.  I had the Meatball burger which is made with veal, pork, and beef.  It was awesome.
1	Mediocre food, terrible service, overpriced. Stick to in and Out. This place is overrated
4	So good. The burgers are good, the adult milkshakes are good, the service is great. Good service is so hard to find these days, so it's much appreciated!! Went to one of the many other burger places while in Vegas that didn't even come close. Definitely worth a try if you haven't been here before!
5	This is the best burger joint I've seen in a long time. Everything I had was delicious. Go with friends, and share the joy around.
2	Came here for or first night's dinner on a Bachelorette party weekend. We showed up with 8 girls, and the first person we talked to told us it was a 45 minute wait. Then someone else in our party talked to the hostess, and she told us 10 minutes. Real time wait came to about 20 minutes. Which is pretty good, considering we were a large party with no reservation.Buttermilk Onion Rings - big portion was easy to share, was crispy and came with a tasty dipping sauceAhi Poke Tostadas - very small portion, and the ahi tuna tasted old and fishy, came with a nice avocado-like dipping sauceCaesar Salad - was fresh, flavorful and deliciousRising Sun Burger - requested this medium-well, but it was served medium. Was still really good, came with tasty teriyaki-type sauce, and tempura avocado!Fries - came out warm, soggy and sadGold Standard Burger - requested this medium-rare, and it came out medium. Added a fried egg for another dollar, was good and had a lot of cheeseBeef Sliders - three sliders that had very little cheese and a lot of bun. They would not let us add fried eggs to these because of sizeVegan Coconut Raspberry Shake - this was really good if you like coconutBrown Cow Float - root beer float with pop rocks! surprisingly goodThe food here was OK to GOOD. Nicely decorated with modern cartoon type art. We were sat cramped into a circle table, and we could not scoot our chairs in because the chairs kept hitting each other. There were two large booths that  could seat 8-10, but they chose to seat 3 or 4 people in them instead of us. Considering the prices here, the service we received left a lot to be desired. The server took a long time to bring us water, and never checked on us after the burgers came out, and we ran out of water and drinks. Appetizers and salad also took a long time to come out.I would not come here again. It was OK, but not awe-inspiring.
3	Nice burger joint with decent burgers. A bit pricey but tastes good! We shared lobster truffle Mac and cheese for starter which was delicious. The she had the Thai steak sallad and it was really better than we could imagine. I had the el machete burger, super! It would have gotten 4 stars if it wasn't for the high price...
4	Delicious burgers and shakes!the hype is real! I was a little weary this place might not live up to what people say but I was not disappointed. I went here with a group of friends and the wait wasn't terrible when we called ahead to reserve a table. We managed to get seated in about 20 minutes after calling. They have popcorn on the table! That was something new for me. I liked the their popcorn too, it was buttery but it had a slight acidic taste to it.. maybe vinegar? either way it was great to munch on as we were looking over the menu :) I decided to get the rising sun and the gold standard burger and an oreo milkshake to share with my boyfriend, The rising sun and the gold standard burger were the two most popular burgers to get but I could understand why! They were delicious but I really enjoyed the gold standard. It won the award for best burger in Las Vegas and I agree! After trying Gordon Ramsay's Burgr, I thought Holsteins was more enjoyable. Their burgers had more flavor and their ingredients really complimented each other. I thought their shake was good but it wasn't anything special. I think I prefer the shakes at Burgr.Overall I thought the food was great! I would definitely come back again :)
4	This is our second visit to Helsteins. They don't take reservations on Friday and Saturday making it harder to plan to eat there before a show but we tried our luck and it was on our side. We were able to get a table without too much wait at about 6-6:!5 on a Saturday night. Opentable must have gotten an upgrade since I used it last and now it will text you when your table is ready, gotta love technology! We of course had an alcoholic milkshake, we had the Cereal Bowl. YUM! We got the friend pickles, which were so yummy. I love the spears and I love that the coating did not fall off after the first bit. The sauce they are served with was good as well. I had the California Turkey Burger, tomato, avocado, pepper jack, russian dressing. It was really good and so big. I could have finished it but I resisted! The BF got the Rising Sun and he said it was good, he finished it all. We also got Sweet Potato Fries, which can never be wrong. The service was good and friendly and attentive. My beef with this visit was that they allowed a completely inebriated guy and his friend dine in the restaurant. The manager kept an eye on him from a far but he was literally heaving as if he was going to be sick. Not what I want to see while I'm trying to enjoy my meal. They would have gotten 5 stars otherwise.   I'll be back and this time I will ask for my locals discount, which the hostess could have told me when I checked in and gave her my local phone number.
2	We were staying at Cosmopolitan, and after checking into our room decided to grab a quick bite to eat at Holstein's. There was a lot of confusion from the beginning trying to even get seated, but we finally were.I ordered the beef sliders, they weren't great. Very bland. My friend ordered the California Turkey burger. It was so wet, the bun was soggy and the entire burger just fell apart. It was too difficult to eat so she really didn't enjoy it. My husband had one of the beef burgers, requested it medium-well and it was definitely undercooked.Our server was probably the worst part of the experience. He was condescending and very difficult to get his attention when we needed something. Specifically we wanted the bill and then to pay so we could get on with our night. The whole meal took entirely too long, considering what we ordered and the off-peak hour.I wouldn't eat here again. I might stop in for one of their overpriced milkshakes, but wouldn't eat a meal here.
3	As far as Vegas goes, there was nothing crazy over the top, indulgent, or extravagant about this restaurant.  It was a little cooler than your per usual diner in your city.  The prices were as can be expected from Vegas, so upward of $15 for a burger.  I ordered a turkey burger which was cooked really, really well!  Usually you think turkey burger and you think it'll be a super dry hockey puck.  Not here.  The meat was flavorful and juicy. Yes, I said juicy!  I would definitely come back for this burger again.  The spicy buffalo dipping sauce was misleading and wasn't that great.  The onion rings and fries were crispy and flavorful though.  All in all, a solid spot to get a decent burger.  It beats out all the fast dining restaurants that are scattered about on the strip for sure!
3	I would give this place 3.5 stars if I could. I didn't think this place was anything different than any other burger joint. Maybe I've been to too many burger places?! Got the Gold Standard and I thought it was alright. The burger was definitely large, finished half, but for some reason it wasn't hitting the spot. The Gold Standard is a dry aged beef sirloin burger with smoked bacon, aged goat cheddar cheese, tomato confit, baby arugula and garlic-chive aioli. The tomato confit was overpowering. Couldn't taste the garlic-chive aioli. It just tasted like tomato. Maybe I'm not a tomato fan? Maybe I'm a bit too harsh of a critic? The burger was good, but not a wow factor. Maybe next time I'll hold the tomato confit and add mushrooms instead. A plus for this place is that it is a large restaurant. Went on a really busy Vegas weekend and didn't have to wait for a table. Maybe all of vegas was still recovering from the weekend's vegas motor speedway festivities and we were the few that got ourselves up to get some lunch.
4	I wanted this to be my last stop before leaving Vegas. It's conveniently located inside Cosmo and takes reservations. Our party of 6 was able to call in that morning and have our table ready in 15 mins! Bright and spacious restaurant that can fit a variety of groups.They offer complimentary butter and vinegar popcorn, (pretty darn good) while you look through their menu. Holstein's is popular for their alcoholic milkshakes, so naturally, we spent longer picking a milkshake than a burger.My bf and I each ordered their most popular burgers along with the Campfire Smores milkshake to share.The Rising Sun ($18) -- Kobe beef covered in a teriyaki glaze with tempura avocado. I enjoyed the first few bites but was over the glaze, I don't usually prefer sweet sauces. Fairly large sized burger that will certainly make you feel guilty.Gold Standard ($18.50) -- This dry aged beef sirloin burger is similar to others you will find, with bacon, arugula, and garlic-chive aoili. We both enjoyed this more and agreed you can't go wrong with it. Their natural cut fries are also better than the sweet potato fries, which are nothing special.Campfire Smores Milkshake ($13) -- They have a great selection of milkshakes and it was really hard to choose! The waiter recommended this and you can't really go wrong with graham cracker crumbles. Very tasty and sweet but you couldn't taste any of the Smirnoff Marshmallow Vodka. Presentation was also nice with the toasted marshmallow.Out of the two burger joints we tried this weekend, we prefer BurGR more. This was the most I have ever paid for a burger and have had better. If I come back, it would have to be for a milkshake, I don't think I can throw down $15+ for another burger.
5	The rising sun. Nuff said. 10/10.
4	I love astronaut cows! So cute! So cute and DELICIOUS!So I had no clue what to expect from Holsteins, was it going to be amazing like Gordon Ramsay's BurGR or disappointing like Burger Bar. However, I read in their description about how they are all organic and I had to give this place a try!First off, the decor is really modern with colorful drawings of the astronaut cows. Very chic and modern, pretty much the standard at the Cosmo. Here were a couple of things we ordered:Gold standard- 4/5- Really solid burger. The bacon blended perfectly with the sirloin patty.Rising Sun- 4.5/5- This burger is an amazing combination of kobe beef with tempura avocado. Super tasty.Smores milk shake- 4/5- This shake was amazing! However, it was dang expensive, $13 for a small shake! However, a little indulgence never hurts.Overall, our hostess was super nice. However, they seemed to be understaffed and I had to yell out to them to get their attention. I would rank this place miles above burger bar but under Gordon Ramsay's.
5	We started with the car bombs cuz my girlfriend loves cheezy jalapeno anything. really well done. Very pleased. We shared the meatball burger and the rising sun. both great. I added foie gras to the meatball burger which made it so amazingly rich with flavor it was almost too much. service was thorough.Will be returning next time around.
4	Even after hitting Wicked Spoon, we were still jones-ing for milkshakes. We sat at the bar to avoid the wait. The bamboozled milkshakes all cost over $10, but they are all boozey. I tried the red velvet because it was the bartender's fav. It's crazy delicious, blended with real cake and garnished with a mini whoopie pie. We tried the ahi sliders and fried pickles. The pickles come as spears. All of this proved to be too much food and I wish I would have known about the to-go cups. The next time, I would like to try the Urth Burger-housemade veggie burger.
3	Ehhh.... it's definitely a unique place with unique menu items that's why I'm even giving 3 stars. The ladies are dressed like hootes girls. A little trashy for the place. First off we got the Philly cheese steak egg rolls. Which sound DELICIOUS!!! BUT!  It wasn 15 bucks for 3 rolls with barely any cheesteak inside. It was hard to find any meat. And it was just super fried and bleh. No thanks. 5/10Next up was the booze shakes!! This was a very clever idea! I like it a lot we got the oreo and bailey's. It tasted amazing. Makes you feel like a fatass but it was very very good!9/10Now onto the main attraction. The burrrrgerrr. We got the el machette. My thoughts? No. Didn't like it  won't eat it again. The bun was cold and that kinda ruined it for the start for me.... I did not love the meat but my girlfriend   did. It wasn't that good. I'm not a huge burger fan but I know when I taste a great burger. This wasn't it unfortunately. Well not all bad news! The onion rings are fantastic! Perfectly crispy! They are amazing. Get them with a drink and bounce hahah that's it. They charged an extra dollar for the Chipotle ranch. Il stick regular ranch.  Don't charge us a buck for Chipotle ranch....come on now. Include it  Well I won't come back! Not a fan.
2	I must first state that I was a solid 3 on this; however, what happened once we left really soured my mood along with my stomach. I must also be clear that this was my first - and subsequently, only - meal of the day. First, the food: My trusty companion and I each had a burger. I had the flagship "Gold Standard" and she had the "El Machete". The Gold Standard is made with dry aged beef, which is a good choice, and topped with smoked bacon, aged goat cheddar and arugula. This should be delicious, and I assume if seasoned properly it is. Unfortunately, there was too much salt seasoning - and believe me... I LOVE SALT - which left the Gold Standard feeling merely Standard. My Tardis companion had the "El Machete" which is a spicy aoli and pepper based burger. This was actually delicious from the two bites I had. If there was any seasoning issue with the burger itself it was covered by the delicious peppers and aoli!Along with that we had regular fries and sweet potato fries. The fresh cut fries were tasty, albeit again heavily bathed in salt. The sweet potato fries were on the soggy side but fresh and not overly salted. We also had milkshakes. Hers being some fruit compote Fourth of July special concoction and mine being chocolate strawberry. Mine was very sweet but it was strawberry with chocolate sauce, so of course that was unsurprising. (I had asked for chocolate ice cream but I wasn't about to whine about the small oversight.)As we left, I thought "unspectacular... but worth a second look".  The food wasn't bad but it wasn't great. I figured that I might try it again when next in town. Not long after my companion and I started feeling sour in our stomachs. Come dinner time, still sour... I have slightly upchucked and swallowed it back down on two occasions. Even as I write this, the meal from lunch feels like it is remaining in the upper regions of my stomach and the gassy bloating remains.We tried later to force a small meal elsewhere for consistency as it was getting late but we couldn't even touch our food. It literally went into the box the same way it came to the table. I really didn't intend on writing a negative review... and many of the reviews are positive. I would like to think this is an isolated incident in which I suspect the culprit to be the milkshakes. I really wanted to like this place. The menu is creative.  The decor is attractive. There are a dozen reasons to be drawn to this place.  Unfortunately, I went from "looking forward to eating there" to "pondering a second chance" to "likely not looking forward to a future visit"... If not for the promise and potential of my initial thoughts, compared to the way I feel right now, it would have resulted in one star. So in fairness, I decided to average the two opinions. All in all a very disappointing visit. Thank god for Pepto.
3	We visited this place twice during our 4th of July trip . The first experience was great and food tasty so we went back with a friend for dinner . The service was good but the food was seriously lacking the second time . The bun was dry and almost seemed old . The burger flavor wasn't that great either and the tuna appetizer was almost flavorless not to mention it came on what appeared to be a store bought  tortilla chip .I can say the best part of our meal the second time was the free popcorn . I will give them another try next time I'm in town since I'm at a 50/50 with them right now .
4	I really liked this place. Got a strawberry shake, and it reminded me of Red Robin's shakes which I love. Also, the burgers were delicious and surprisingly not too oily compared to other gourmet burgers. The one thing you have to try is the onion rings. I hate when onions are too large in onion rings, but Holsteins does it right with the thin onion strips and delicious breading.My only complaint is the wait time. The first time we went, they told us it was a 30-40 minute wait for our food no matter what we ordered. Food NEVER takes that long to come out even in a steakhouse. We got lucky the second time we went because the waiter told us it was a 30-40 minute wait, noticed we were in a rush, and ended up pulling strings and got our food out in 10 minutes, so kudos to service!
4	Late night shake craving brought me in. It was a weeknight and was fortunate I found lounge seating to enjoy some dessert after dinner. I was pretty full and didn't try the drunken monkey but went for a strawberry shake at around $9.00 - probably due to the great people watching included. The service was a bit on the slower side but my friendly waitress said they only had one gal making shakes and she gets overwhelmed when it backs up - lol.  You wouldn't know it by the taste of this shake, thick and rich tasting and I like the fact that they gave me  the metal  container which was another half shake! So filling but one of the best shakes ever I've encounteredI'm looking forward to returning and checking out the lamb burger!
5	finally writing a review after coming here for the 3rd time, defintiely my favorite "gourmet burger" place in vegas located on the second floor of cosmopolitan. Wait time usually isn't that bad, but you can make a reservation if you go on a busy weekend just in case. They start you off with popcorn thats seasoned with somethingimma just say those alcoholic shakes get me feelin some type of way nuff said, or i was just tired from EDC week The first 2 times i was here i got the billionaire burger, foie gras anything i can't really resist. The only bad thing about this burger is it's like double the price of all their other burgersThe third time i came here i got thecrispy pork belly bun and that shit sooo good, unless you don't like fat, cus i bit into a fatty ass piece and just about died I also got the ahi sliders, they're hella good too, nothing abnormal about them they're exactly what they sound like. even tho ahi mini tostadas would be more appropriate since they come on fried wonton wrappersi probably should be talking shit about this restaurant and saying to go to burgr or some other sub par gourmet burger place so i can keep this location to myself, but i guess sharing is caring
2	If you looking for good burgers, there are so many other options. Bachi Burger is awesome. Also Burger Bar is great too. As for this place, we ordered the billionaire burger for $32. The burger meat was dry and overcooked. The foie gras lacked flavor like they used lower grade to serve with the burger. We also ordered the Pork Belly Bun which was crispy on the outside but was swimming in too much hoisen sauce. Since it was one of my friend's birthday so we decided to order the un-birthday birthday cake. It look greak in the picture but was dense and  flavorless. The best thing was the icing and we scrapped it off and ate that.
5	Been here twice and it has the best burger I have ever tastes in my entire life. For $18, the Gold Standard is the shiznitobam!
3	We came here to grab a quick bite to eat. The place is fairly loud because it is across the way from a 24 hour night club. Not a bad thing but you catch a different vibe. We decided to grab an adult shake, to go and settled on the S'Mores. It was wonderful. It was a bit sweet but it is a shake after all. We did not try any of the food; perhaps next time.
4	We came here on a Saturday afternoon. The wait time was about 40 minutes for a party of 6. I ordered a spicy Bloody Mary and OMG it was so delicious and very spicy!!!!!! I also ordered the steakhouse burger which was also very good. I will definitely come here again the next time I'm in Vegas.
4	I've eaten here a couple of times. It's 3.5 stars rounded up cause it's in a cool casino. Standard high price for a strip burger, so no whining.Service was Meh, atmosphere fun. Teriyaki burger was way too salty for my tastes. Fries were ok, Loaded Ice cream shake delish though. I'd definetly rec: Gordon Ramsey's Burger over this place.
5	Ambience,  food, drinks,  service - 5stars!!!  Burgers are made to perfection! Best pork belly bun evah! They do it the way it should be done! The only thing that we didn't like was the tap water. . But there's beer!!! :)
2	Adult milk shakes are great. I really thought it was going to be explosive. but it was ok. I was expecting a huge gourmet burger. instead i got a over priced burger with ok fries. The fried pickles are a disappointment. I also had the soft shell crab bruschetta. It was good but could of been way bettter.over all it was ok. but the stars are for the lack of burger enthusiasm.
3	it was okay............probly wont be back.........nothing really stood out
3	It was ok. I liked the burger I got (nom nom) but I thought Gordon Ramsey's burger place in Planet Hollywood was substantially better. As is Burger Bar in mandalay Bay. You come here really for the way they mix alcohol into their shakes but I just wasn't into the menu, especially with so many other options near-by. Don't think i'd try it again but it was worth a shot.
5	Second time here and it was delicious!!! The food is filling and everything on the menu is good! You can't go wrong with anything here! I will be back every time I'm in Vegas!
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE! when I found out that I was going to Vegas the first thing I did was plan lunch here.Service: great very friendly and attentive Food: Lobster truffle Mac N Cheese OMG OMG OMG the best ever it was amazingFried Pickles: these were OK but never the less pretty goodRising Sun: I had this with no teriyakisauce. OMG Amazing Over all all the food is pretty damn tasty if you are in Vegas be sure to try this place AMAZING
4	Salmon burger was amazing. Really large portions and everything is tasty. I couldn't get up the nerve to try one of the adult milkshakes (pool party season and all) but they did sound like a great option. A little pricey and service was spotty, but ended up going twice in a weekend so it couldn't have been too bad...
2	Burger for the boys!  How about gourmet burgers?  Even better.  Holstein is located near the East tower elevators in Cosmo.  Right across Marquee nightclub.  Many yelpers recommended the "Gold Standard,"  and with that name, I went for it.  After sinking my teeth into the dry aged sirloin burger, a sudden disappointment hit me.  I might've gotten a little too much goat cheese in the first bite, so went for a second bite.  No!  It can't be.  The Gold Standard did not meet my standard for a burger.  Oversalted and didn't go well with the goat cheese.  Yes, I like goat cheese too.  It's okay though!! There's crispy pork burns on the table.  My first pork bun was at Ippudo in NYC.  I understood the hype within seconds and ordered a second.  The pork buns from Holsteins didn't let me relive that moment.  There was too much hoisin sauce, which made it overly salty.  Oh, the pork was also dry.  Our waiter was actually pretty nice.  However, the service was slow.  The restaurant was full and I saw him constantly filling orders, so I could sympathize.  I usually destroy my burgers and leave nothing but I just couldn't finish my burger and pork buns.  Salt was used very liberally.
4	Best steamed pork buns and mac & cheese on the strip!  This is a great spot in Vegas and perfect for a not too pricy meal in The Cosmopolitan.  Bartenders do a really nice job and make you feel at home.
5	Easily one of the best burgers I have ever had. The meat was cooked exactly to my liking; the bun was delicious. Ingredients were fresh. Not bad for about $15. The natural cut fries were really good too. Will eat here again.
5	This place is solid, I'm a huge fan of their Burgers and Shakes.Nowadays it's hard to find a place in Vegas that is good without needing to drop $100 per person on a meal. Enter Holsteins!This place is real good. I got the Rising Sun Burger (Kobe Beef, Teriyaki Glaze, Nori Furikake, Crispy Yam, Spicy Mayo & Tempura Avocado)This was super good! I loved the tempura avocado, such a unique awesome thing to put on a burger!I also got the Red Velvet Cake Shake (Zing Red Velvet Vodka, Red Velvet Cake, Cream Cheese Mousse, Mini Whoopee Pie ) which was sooooo good too!Highly Recommend, at the top floor of the Cosmo
4	While I only tried their chocolate milkshake, I know I'll be back.  It's a nice open concept, great music and different seating sections.  Not to mention nice staff too, and not just for their looks.  She offered me glass of water while I waited at the bar.A bit of whipped cream, and some crunchy circular chocolate bits.  Wasn't too sweet; only wished they used a thicker straw.Just can't wait to I try their burgers b/c had heard they're better than Gordon's.Located on 2nd floor @ Cosmopolitan hotel/casino.
3	To top off a successfull Vegas trip , we came to Holsteins hungry and anxious after seeing all the solid reviews. Located right across the entrance to Marquee, it's an all too familiar location, but unfortunately a location I probably won't return to.Upon walking in, we were asked whether we wanted bar or table seating. The hostess literally stated that if we wanted a table, it would mean she would "have to" walk us over. She made it sound like we were causing the biggest inconvenience in the world to her if we didn't sit at the bar. Rude. We still went for a table, and she pointed us to another waitress who would take us. A horrible system.It took 10 minutes to have a waiter even greet us after sitting down. Another 35 passed before we became intolerably grumpy and impatient, flagging down our waiter to see what was going on. Two burgers, one of which was rare, should not take 40 minutes to make. After a long day, 5 minutes was very agonizing, and our burgers finally came out.- "Meat Ball" Burger ($15): Beef, pork, veal, pecorino & provolone cheese, basil walnut pesto and arugula on herb foccacia roll. The meat concoction was great, but it lacked flavor or marination. Of course, I loved all the cheese, but you could barely taste the walnut pesto. It could use some marinara sauce. Not the best choice here.- The Fun-Ghi ($17): Beef patty, truffled marinated portabella mushroom, caramelized onion, gruyere, maro & frisee.  This one was much better and was wonderfully crafted. There was plenty of gruyere, you could taste the truffle oil in the mushroom, and all ingredients balanced well with each other. A superb burger indeed. Fries with one burger, onion rings with the other. Both were good quality. The onion rings weren't too deeply fried and maintained a nice crunch.- Banana Cream Pie Shake ($13): Bananas, vanilla custard, nilla wafers, caramel, creme de banane, licor 43 and white chocolate covered banana. Absolutely delicious. Although it was technically two servings, a shake should not be worth as much as a burger. Also, there was barely any hint of alcohol in here. Despite this, I sipped it down to the last delicious drop.After finishing our meal, it took another 20 minutes to hunt down a different waiter because ours kept ignoring us. The restaurant was less than half full and there was plenty of staff, so service like this is unacceptable. Even the table next to us noted how long our order was taking. Overpriced, extremely slow, but quite a treat if you get the right burger.
3	Extremely attractive burger joint at the Cosmo....but why are these places so noisy? Guess I'm not the youthful demographic these places covet. Nothing wrong with Holsteins. The food and the service are just fine..its just always loud  and seemingly always crowded. My son and I each had the Nom Nom burger...kobe beef with cheddar cheese, potato chips and 1000 island dressing. It was delicious. My wife had the California turkey and gave it a thumbs UP. my daughter had the classic burger and enjoyed it as well. fries come free with big bun burgers like we ordered. prices are what you'd expect from a high end casino. We all enjoyed ourselves..just please turn down the volume!
5	It's been a little while since I was here, and i had to let my thoughts simmer. However, I still remember the burger I had was just absolutely delicious. I had made my way around the strip trying burger places. Gordon Ramsay, Guy Fieri, but this place? This place takes the cake. The Fun-ghi was absolutely to die for. The burger was cooked to perfection. Like always, I get by burgers medium rare. Tasty, juicy, and perfect. And that's just how the burger came out. While I didn't have a shake while I was here, that is in the cards for the next time I'm back.I was seated out by their full service bar and a server was with me very shortly. She was polite, had great beer recommendations, and checked in frequently to make sure I was doing alright.Out of my Vegas trip this place stood out as one that I intend on making my way back to next time I'm in town.
4	If you're looking for a delicious, mouth-watering, more-badass-than-fast-food burger, come here. They're just done right. I had the Gold Standard (Dry Aged Beef Sirloin Burger With Smoked Bacon, Aged Goat Cheddar Cheese, Tomato Confit, Baby Arugula & Garlic-Chive Aioli) and my friend had the Classic (Lettuce, Tomato, Onion, Mayo, Ketchup & Pickles). Some other tempting choices on the menu include the Memphis Burger, the Big Fat Greek, and the Fun-Ghi Burger. One friend did try the Turkey Burger and thought it was a tad dry. However, I ordered dry aged beef sirloin in a burger form, cooked medium rare, and it was perfect. It was cooked just right, it was high quality beef, it was flavored well, and the aged goat cheddar and arugula was an interesting combination. I couldn't finish the entire burger, but I certainly tried- and I barely touched my fries (which were good, although perhaps a little salty) in order to eat as much of that wonderful burger patty as I could. The sacrifice was worth it. While the burgers were fantastic, I also ordered a mixed drink that wasn't great here (we were eating at the bar, so I was a little surprised). And it is extremely loud at night- there was a DJ in the middle of the restaurant, and it was almost impossible to hear each other speak or have a conversation. I was texting with the person I was sitting near because we kept misunderstanding each other or having to get awkwardly close to each others' ears in order to be heard. I'm not sure what time the DJ starts, and it is very likely my faulty for going to get dinner after 10pm in Vegas and expecting anything but a dance club feel :) I would definitely come back for a burger, preferably earlier in the day when it doesn't have such a club feel, and I'd order a less complicated drink.
4	Service was very slow but the food was good. The banana cream pie shake was AMAZING!!!
5	I thought I had already discovered my burger place in Vegas and that was Gordon Ramsay's BurGR and no one could take that place from my heart.Holstein's though, came pretty close. But I think it was my zeal talking more than anything and my weakness for those little moments where a person can feel top of the heap just from buying a meal. You see, I had hit it pretty big at roulette and craps the night before and was feeling confident. I knew going in that I wanted that Billionaire Burger, with its truffle aioli and foie gras, elements of a burger I know I would never eat anywhere else but on vacation. I did order it. And then some. That burger came medium rare, with additions of aged goat cheese and lobster, heightening an already indulgent, gluttonous, and decadent burger into a whole other realm. It was luscious.But like I said, it wasn't fair. I made it luxurious because I willed it. Is the law of attraction in action? Perhaps. More than likely, though, it was me riding the high of a couple of wins and wanting to eat like a winner.The philly cheese steak egg rolls were average. Nothing memorable or special.I also had a taste of the bamboozled shakes, the Tiramisu and the Fat Boy. Most gush about The Fat Boy but it was too candy-like for me. Boyfriend had the Memphis Burger, which had a layer of pulled pork that he believed might have been crisped up on the flattop beforehand to create a crust. I had a bite and was impressed but really, I only tasted it for the sake of tasting because I refused to part with, even lay down, my obscenely excessive truffle, lobster, foie burger, oh no.You had better believe I am still thinking about that burger. Late at night, when all the lights are out, I reminisce about the taste of that false luxury.
5	Yessssss super delicious burgers and onion rings, and affordable-ish for Vegas! Decent prices on a great beer selection. Cool ambiance. Right in front of Marquee, if that's your thing and you want to keep an eye on the line. I went twice in one weekend and my favorite was the meatball burger. You need it in your life.
5	I made love to that gold standard burger like you dad makes love to your mom.
4	This place is good. I wouldn't say it's the best burger place ever like some reviewers have said, but it was good.We ordered the fried pickles which were decent. The insides were lava hot, even after a while of letting them sit to cool. I am pretty sure these are frozen, though. My grandma owns a restaurant and tried out fried pickle spears for the menu and I tried those. Pretty sure these were the exact same ones. My husband is a huge burger fan. I don't know if he loves anything more.He got the golden standard burger that apparently has won a bunch of awards or something (according to our waiter).When I asked him how he likes it, he just shrugged. I was shocked. He said it was alright, but if we ever ate there again, he would try something else. I had the blackened salmon po-boy. It was really good but super awkward to eat because it's a long piece of salmon sitting on a hamburger bun. I had to piece off some of the salmon and eat that separate before diving into the sandwich. Overall, a good choice. The slaw on it was really good. I got sweet potato fries and they tasted just like every other sweet potato fry. Good, but nothing crazy amazing.We didn't get a shake because we were outrageously full, which is a disappointment on our part hah.It's a fun place. Nothing really too bad about it so I'll give it a 4 star. Maybe I'll have to go back with more people in the future to get a better idea of what it's like.
3	IMO Holsteins is an interesting burger joint. But I've tasted better burgers. I ordered their known and famous burger called Gold Standard. I expected more out of the burger since it was one of the Top Choice/recommended burger since many always ordered it. To be honest, I think In-N-Out would be more satisfying and well worth my money. Spending roughly $18 wasn't worth for what it is. I'd rather also go to Bachi Burger. The service here was okay. It took about 10-15 minute wait for my party of 7 to be seated. It was packed inside, but I mean what restaurant in Vegas isn't packed right? Nothing much to complain about them. As far as order whatever else. I'm not sure what else to pick since it's my first time here. I don't think id ever come back and or even crave their burgers. I'm not saying you shouldn't come here, but id at least tell you to check it out if you're curious about this restaurant.
5	If you wanna be a bad boy or girl and have dessert for lunch, sit your bad butt down at Holsteins Shakes and Buns. Located inside of The Cosmopolitan, this is THE place to sip on the greatest boozy milkshake you can find on the strip and probably all of Nevada.Based on the Yelp reviews talking about how "HUGE" the milkshakes are, my mom and I arrived at Holsteins with the intentions of sharing a milkshake for a "light" lunch---well, you know... as light as having a milkshake for lunch can be! When our Bailey's infused Oreo milkshake arrived, we both started laughing and ordered another one. Unless you're having a burger and fries with a milkshake, DON'T SHARE. Why?A) They're not THAAAAT big. B) They're too flippin' delicious to share. The Oreo milkshake is rich, creamy, and the flavor is about 1600 stories above what you're used to getting from an Oreo milkshake. Even if you get full, you won't want to stop drinking this thing. It's not excessively sweet as some milkshakes can be, so you won't get sick or tired of slurping and sipping the whole thing. I guarantee you that you'll drink both the milkshake they bring you in the fancy glass along with the extra milkshake they bring you in a metal shaker.I can't wait to come back for another milkshake some day...
4	Very good lunch spot in Vegas. They have a decent burger, a good lobster roll and great fries and shakes. I've been here quite a few times over the last couple years and never left disappointed.
3	Good Kobe beef burger and shake. The sweet potato fries were cold. Service was slow. A little over priced but on a nice hotel.
4	Usually when I visit a restaurant, I have some apprehension because I'm a vegetarian and usualy my options are limited. I was happy to see that any burger on the menu could be convered to a veggie form. There are dozens of options and customizations to make the burger all your own. It's a hip and trendy place that I would definitely visit again.Now on to the shakes. I had a hard time deciding because they all looked so good, but I chose the "Fat Boy," which was amazing. Sweet and salty never tasted so good! The "Urth Burger" was also a good choice, and didn't feel guilty after eating it. This is an overall fantastic place to eat.
4	Classic burger was good, Rising Sun and Gold Standard burger are great!
5	Our waiter John is fantastic , the food very tasty and the drinks perfect, would definitely come back,5 stars here !!!
2	Terrible service & over priced food, what more can you expect from a casino burger chic place...? Well, I expected more! I got beef sliders & pork buns as well as the sweet potato fries. I regret to say, out of a $40 bill, my fav item was the 1/2 ramakin of fresh homemade potato chips that came w/the beef...at least they came w/something unlike the pork. Also, for $9 for 2 sliders & no side, u would think they could put some actual meat on there, my pork bun was literally inedible, the meat was 2 big lumps of fat, I had to spit the 1 bite I took out. I have had the shakes on a previous visit...not bad if your into mixing dairy w/your alcohol but these are not the kind of thing most of us would want to finish, honestly. They do offer a full bar though, & have a small selection of specialty drinks. Again, over priced ($12-14 a drink $7 for beers), but not bad, not super creative, just adequate.
2	First of all, I want to start off by saying that the Cosmopolitan is starting to irritate me. Everything that is the Cosmopolitan is now obnoxious and boring. The types of people the property attracts is just garbage -- the bottom of the barrel. Don't get me wrong. The building and architecture and design of it all is fantastic. LCD screens everywhere, hip little touches here and there make this property great. I just can't stand how un-classically Vegas it is. They try so hard to be different, that in the end of it all, they lose themselves. The addition of Holsteins Shakes and Buns to the property is just the cherry on top. I heard ravenous reviews about Holsteins and I was excited to try this place. Things like, "the best burgers in Vegas," and "I Love Love Love Hoslteins" were some of many glowing reviews. Here is my 2 cents.The lobster mac and cheese was good, but not great. Surprisingly, the dish had a lot of lobster in it. Unfortunately, the lobster taste was lacking and the texture was not there as well. Lobster usually has a familiarly soft yet firm feeling when you bite it. Theirs was rubbery and lacked flavor. The truffle panko crust on top was nice, but the lack of lobster taste really disappointed me. My favorite part of this dish was the one chip on the side. It consisted of this lobster salad that was full of flavor.Upon request, which I thought was complimentary, was popcorn. Though it wasn't your ordinary popcorn, this one was flavored in some weird mixture. I read that it was truffle popcorn. Excited for some truffle infused popcorn, theirs was definitely not so. It was a mixture of a vinegary, buttery flavor that coated the popcorn. This was a weird mix and though not appetizing, I found myself reaching for the popcorn. I ate it, forgot how it tasted like, and then tried it again. The sting from the popcorn seasoning alone was enough for me not to eat it again. I guess my curiosity superseded my palate.Quite possibly my favorite food, and naturally, the food I am most knit picking about, the burger is a classic. From the bun to the type of meat, and the almost infinite sauces and toppings you can put on, the burger is a great vessel to work with. With such an iconic item, at a restaurant that supposedly specializes in this stuff, you can't mess it up.And now, the Rising Sun burger -- It had Kobe beef, teriyaki glaze, nori furikake, crispy yam, spicy mayo, & tempura avocado. Their take on a Japanese burger sounds good on paper. The fried avocado alone would make me happy. It was fried and crispy, and velvety smooth at the same time. I just didn't have enough of it. That probably was the only thing good about this burger. Everything else was a mistake. First of all, what is wrong with this is the Kobe. I hate when restaurants advertise as serving Kobe when we all know most of that is just an American breed, if not, from Australia. Second of all, when you cook a "Kobe" beef burger, it has to be rare. Nothing else will do. What I got was all grey inside. The crust was overly marinated and glazed and turned the meat super dry, and the inside wasn't any different. That is one way to kill an almost perfect burger. The teriyaki glaze was much too overwhelming and the crispy yam didn't help with the cloyingly sweet flavors. Did I order the wrong burger? Maybe, but that still doesn't make up for the overcooked patty.If anything, the drunken monkey shake may have been the only thing that was considerably good. It had malted banana gelato and peanut butter crunch. The adult version has Frangelico, a hazelnut liqueur from Italy. I opted out and went with just a regular. "You are in Vegas. Live a little!", you say? In hind sight, maybe I should have made this shake alcoholic. It would have made me feel better about the sub-par meal I just had. Still though, the shake was sweet and the use of gelato made the shave quite delicate and smooth.Pretentious, and yet casual, the restaurant has no identity. I just can't associate this restaurant with good food. The same food could be served at a restaurant that looks like, maybe Johnny Rockets, with a lower price, and I still wouldn't think twice about it. I mean, they have red and yellow squeeze bottles for ketchup and mustard. Come on! The food really needs an upgrade. How awesome would it be if finally, the Las Vegas Strip had a go-to burger spot that was hip, and of course, delicious? I think that is a home run and a much needed thing on the strip. I guess I just have to wait a couple years for that to happen. For now at the Cosmo, I guess Secret Pizza will have to do.
5	Good place for food , the steak burger is wonderful and grilled chicken is 5 star .           .
2	Having gone to the Cosmo a few times and walking by this place, I had been wanting to try it. I was pretty happy to go there on Saturday with some friends before going bowling, but unfortunately I was just irritated by my experience there and I can honestly say I most likely won't go back. When I got there at 8:45, I put in for a table. The hostess told me it would be 45 minutes. This was fine since I was still waiting for my party to show up. An hour later, I still had not received the text saying a table was available. I walked back up there from the casino floor and see that there are open tables and no line. I approached the hostess (different from the one I spoke to), and she happily says she can get me seated right away. The rest of my party was waiting in line to get in to the parking garage, so I honestly was not in a hurry to be seated. The guy showing me to the table asks why I was getting a table now if the rest of my friends weren't there yet and I said they are trying to park. Then the waiter asks the same thing as well as a busser. It was really irritating. The waiter treated my friend like she was dumb when she asked a question, and seemed overall irritated to being helping our table out. Next time I want a burger, I will be going back to Gordon Ramsay BurGR, or BLT. I was so irritated about this experience, I really have no interest in going back and trying again even though I liked the food. The food was the only thing I liked.
5	Top 3 burger I've had which isn't even fair because i can't name the other 2... Had the rising sun burger. Incredible. Don't need to write you a book to say how great the burgers are here. Get off yelp and go!
2	Let me start off by saying that my husband disagrees with me, but, I'm just not that into Holsteins. Sorry.Went here Tuesday late July, seated right away, polite and helpful waitress. Ordered mexican car bomb appetizer. Those were blow your face off hot. Light on the cheese, apparently unseeded jalapenos. Husband had the steakhouse,  that was okay. I had the gold standard, it was meehh. Daughter had the classic,  it was mediocre.  Baby girl had kids sliders,  no cheese because she's nine years old, wtf? The saving grace for Holsteins is the shakes, baby girl and I share the strawberry,  magnificent!  Chocolate shake was also exquisite. The problem, one app, two shakes, three burgers, kids sliders,  $123, $150 with tip. Can't do it, sorry. For burgers, I'd rather have In N Out (but their shakes are nasty).
4	As a vegan, I feel dirty and weird eating at a place called Holstein's. Why do so many themed restaurants (like burger places) think its clever to decorate their restaurant with the same animal they're also selling? That shit creeps me out.Anyway, they have a few vegan options here and my sister and I were in desperate need of food. Their "Urth-burger" was actually really good and had all of my favorite toppings - avocado, avocado, avocado.Oh and they have an alcoholic veganized milk-shake on the menu. It is damn delicious. They also have a DJ playing pretty good tunes as you eat. I danced to Daft Punk while I stuffed my face.
5	best burgers and shakes EVER!!
4	This place is very very good. The burgers and the shakes are to die for. Try the birthday cake shake, it is fantastic and contains alcohol. I've had The burgers here, which are top notch, the buffalo wings are ok and the Cuban street tacos are actually pretty good. This place is obviously very loud (being next to marquee), so I would not recommend it for quite talking lol...
3	Food was amazing especially the pork belly buns but the service...not so much! Our waitress with a British like accent & super short shorts sucked! She rarely checked to see if we needed anything and when she did, it took her forever to come back.  Even the bus boy was more helpful then she was.  She was too busy flirting with other customers. And when we asked for a pen she took it out of her sweaty cleavage! Food great! Waitress sucked!
4	Love this place.  Great beer selection and food is amazing.  The biggest problem I have with the food is deciding what to order.  Burgers are tasty and falvorful!  If you are a fan of milkshakes, the adult milkshakes are delicisou.
1	this review was stuck in my drafts from 2012, so, hopefully, things have improved since then .. but I had to share this, as it was a really bad experience.I had high hopes for this place, I love a good burger joint with creative shakes and side dishes. Boy was I wrong. We weren't in the mood for a burger, so ordered some of their side dishes:Lobster & truffle macLobster rollChicago dogsShrimp cocktail Bloody Mary"Black Cow" floatDecent amount of food right? Get this:-5oz of macaroni-2 lobster rolls with no more than 3-4 oz of anything that wasn't "roll", TOTAL-3 hot dogs that were the size of my middle finger. -3 shrimps with a shot glass of Bloody Mary.... And my "black cow" never came. How much was all this?NINETY DOLLARS. After they comped my float that never came. I'd have been fine paying 50-60 (it is vegas, after all) for this meal, but 90? Bro ...Add to this, we saw our waitress 5 times. The table next to us got very prompt an attentive service from another waitress, so finally we had to start asking her for help.
1	The patty didn't even taste good. Ended up getting food poisoning. Will definitely not be going back.
5	Best burger I've ever hadStayed at the Cosmo so this place was super convenient for us. Just on the second floor. Had the rising sun, man the meat was great. Never had a Kobe beef burger. It was amazing. Get there shakes. Im not much of an alcohol person so I got the shake with out. Got the crembrulee shake. Man it was great. If you want a kick ass burger. This is the spot.
5	Best damn burger joint ever! Say hi to Kristina Winer. You can't order anything bad from this place. Be adventurous. Try anything.
3	We initially wanted to go to Wicked Spoon for the buffet, but they were about to close to prepare for dinner. We saw Holsteins along the way and decided to check it out. We both got the meatball burger, which was okay. My son enjoyed the mini sliders and fries. The food was decent, but maybe a bit overpriced, mostly likely due to it's location in the Cosmo. Our waitress was fantastic and really catered to our kids needs.
2	This place is terrible. The only redeeming thing on the menu are the shakes. We ordered the drunken monkey which was nice but too watery for my taste. I prefer a thick shake. The burgers were overdone and the meat did not taste like quality meat. We asked for medium but they were beyond medium- dry and tough. The fries were also overdone. I ordered the Funghi burger. Wouldn't recommended it. Their "best seller" the Gold Standard wasn't great either. Neither of us ate even half of our burgers and neither did most of the people at the table next to ours. They bring you a spicy zesty mini bucket of popcorn which tasted better than any of the other things we ordered. The service was friendly and helpful but the food just isn't good. It boggles my mind that this place has a 4-star average rating. It just doesn't make any sense.Maybe it was just an off night for the food but I wouldn't go back.
4	My family and I had lunch at Holsteins and started off with ahi poke tostadas with jalapeno onion escabeche, tomatillo relish and avocado ailoi. The appetizer was a light and tasty combo - we always enjoy ahi and chips. Hubby and I both had their signature burger the gold standard - dry aged beef sirloin burger with smoked bacon, aged goat cheddar cheese, tomato confit, baby arugula and garlic-chive aioli with a side of fries and onion rings. We ordered our burgers on the med-well side, but were more well, but still good. Next time we'll order them medium instead, so they are more juicy.  I've never had goat cheese on my burger and it added a yummy creamy flavor.  My daughter and hubby had their milkshakes - one chocolate and the other strawberry - both without alchohol. Their milkshakes come with alchohol, so you can order without.  The milkshakes were thick, creamy and full of yummy flavor. Next time I'll order one of their bam-boozled shakes like the creme brulee or campfire s'mores.
4	Solid burger. I forgot what I ordered but it was definitely tasty. That night was packed but this place was good.
3	Very loud atmosphere, across from Marquee. Burgers are hit or miss, depending on personal preference and type of burger ordered. Hubs loved his Billionaire burger, which had a good chunk of foie gras. I found my Steakhouse burger a bit salty. The tomato confit, sauteed mushrooms, and marmalade onions were tasty additions to the burger itself, though. Burgers are large, and the bottom bun is a bit too thick for my liking, although it stands up well to the toppings and creamy sauces. Fries were similarly salty. No option to sub a salad for the bun, which is rather disappointing. You can, however, pay more to sub a salad for the fries. For a heavy meal and a satisfying piece of cow, this won't disappoint.
2	I had the pork sliders.Based on that i cant recommend the place.If you're staying at the Cosmopolitan, try one of the other restaurants.The service was good however.
4	We enjoy visiting Holstein's at Cosmo when we are in town. Sure, you can eat at the hoity toity spots if you want. We enjoy sharing a burger and Caesar salad. Yea, don't be afraid to share. The burgers are plentiful. Service is friendly and efficient. The only complaint I would say are the low seated booths and awkwardly uncomfortable chairs.
4	Was craving for some burgers and came across this place inside of The Cosmopolitan on the 2nd floor. My husband and I shared an appetizer (Cuban' street taco) which the bartender recommended and it was delicious, nothing I had ever had b4. Pulled pork with smoked ham in a tiny hard taco shell with beans and pickles on the side. We also shared the gold standard burger. The sirloin patty was amazing but as a whole I think the burger itself could have been more flavorful. Adding ketchup and mustard didn't quite set  it off by giving it more "flavor" but overall I did enjoy the burger. The only downside to this was the fries! I'm a fries kinda girl when having a burger and the fries was such a disappointment. It was soggy so obviously they gave us old fries that have been sitting for awhile. Although the burger lacked a bit of flavor if the fries would have been fresh and hot i would have given this place a 5 star.
3	A little late (!) review, as I went in January this year! But backtracking on some places I haven't reviewed that I went to while in The Vegas. Another one of my researched spots I insisted on dragging my girlfriend to! The burger (The Urth Burger) was pretty squishy/sloppy, so that wasn't great in my humble opinion. But the milkshake was really great (I think I had a vanilla shake made vegan) and we don't get many in the UK that are suitable for vegans, so I had a sensory overload. Very good! Shame about the food and portion size being average!
4	Holstein's is such a cute place; I love the little cow! Well, maybe not just "cute" - it is also very well designed, spacious, and modern in addition to having a cute little cow as its mascot. But we don't go to places because they're cute, we go for the food, right? My boyfriend and I both ordered the ahi tuna sliders with the fries on the side, and he loved them. I did not like the sliders. They were creatively prepared and looked delicious, however, something about the tuna was off-putting for me. That is just me, though - he gives them rave reviews. Seeing that I had enjoyed a (huge) burger at a different restaurant in Vegas our first night, and ended up at Holstein's because our first choice had a much longer wait, I figured that ahi tuna sliders would give me enough variety and not make me feel like "ugh, burgers again?". Enough about my slight dislike of the sliders, though. The fries were amazing, and so was the chili mayo that they came with! Mmmmmmm....such a good combination, just the right mix of sweet and spicy (for the mayo). The service we received was warm, friendly, and enthusiastic (on all fronts, from the hostess to our waitress). I can't wait to come back, because the other dishes that I saw looked incredible and I definitely want to try those out (along with a boozy shake!).
1	The burgers are delicious!  The beer selection is admirable! The service is garbage. My husband and I took a seat in the "lounge" to wait for friends.  We ordered 12 Oz beers because we were planning on staying a while to drink with friends and wanted to taste different types. We were served the 20 Oz beers. Not wanting to waste we drank them. We decided we wanted a snack. They have an extensive appetizer menu but we wanted to try the burgers. Not being too hungry,  we split a burger "el machet". (Rememeber we were planning on filling up on tasty beer and hiting the strip. Doggie bags are not good luck on the game floor) It was tasty but not very spicy. Just tasted like an average good burger.  We were hoping for something with more heat. Our waitress must have decided we were cheap since we split a burger and never came back for refills or to check on us. In fact we couldn't get anyone to refill our beer. I guess it was good the burger wasn't spicy! Finally the waitress unceremoniously dropped our check off without saying anything. We paid, left, and took our money else where. Joke was on her. Alcohol always spikes the bill = bigger tip. The next wait staff enjoyed our money. If we wanted a full meal we would have sat in the dining room. If you want good service and multiple beers go somewhere else. If you want to be judged on your order by the world's most mediocre waitress,  this is your place! I'll withhold her name for class ;)
4	The burgers here are good, but you're going to have to pay a premium price just for the fact that it's inside the Cosmo. Here's why you will pony up: you get what you pay for. The buns were soft on the outside and toasted on the inside. When you ask for a medium or medium-rare burger, they don't overcook it. Lastly, the seasoning is on point without having a heavy hand with the salt. I went with the Fun-ghi burger with roasted portobello, gruyere, and truffle oil. Each bite had the perfect amount of flavor without one ingredient overwhelming the next. I tried a bite of my friend's Rising Sun, which had tempura avocado, crispy yam, nori, spicy mayo and a patty with a teriyaki glaze. It was even more amazing. I liked that the burgers had flavor without sacrificing the texture. The beef patty wasn't soft like Umami.Service was quick. They do automatically tack on 18% gratuity for parties of 6.
2	Oh, does this place serve burgers and shakes? 20 minutes after finding a table the server finally asked if I was doing okay, but I hadn't even seen a menu yet. Got the menu at that point, but didn't see any server again for another 20 minutes. After 40 minutes without even a drink I walked out and found a place that actually serves its customers. Pathetic excuse for a restaurant inside of a luxury property.The two stars are for the decent drunk people-watching that was amusing at least. I'm mid twenties, but they turned the music up past loud and into the painful range. If you're intrigued by the prospect of being mostly ignored as you wait for a $30 burger, have fun!
5	The burgers are to die for. Not to mention the adult shakes make you fee like a kid while still giving you that awesome buzz only 21+ people get. Appetizers are alright but definately definately DEFINATELY get aBurger
5	Man where do I begin!!! First off, I've been comin' to the Cosmopolitan since it opened. Love the place! Grabbed a drink at the bar, Marcell (I think that's his name) made me the best Woodford Reserve Old Fashion since I don't know when! Then we got seated by Maria in a great booth, with really cool paintings.Our server Sam came up and greeted us and told all the cool things we should try. I had the Rising Sun, likely due to me being asian, so it was kind of a default choice. Haha, amazing burger though! My date had a Thai salad, she's asian and on a diet. So it was very fitting. She said it was great! Food was promptly delivered by what looked to be conjoined twins. Mardan & Edwin (not sure if that's their names) but they were nice and made sure we had all the things we needed to enjoy our meal. Sam checked on us quickly and made sure our food was good. It was! When it came time to get a desert a lady named Jade told us about this thing that looked like a burger, but was really ice cream. Good times! The conjoined twins came and delivered our food again. Such good times around here. Bussers on point, one even asked me how I kept so fit while eating burgers and deserts. Had a sweet mustache. As we left, some guy in a suit wished us a great night and that we enjoy our stay. Of course I'd come back!
5	Ate at the bar on a weekday - attentive and funny bartenders. I was tempted to get a burger because they smelled soooo good while looking at the menu, but I hadn't no regrets because I fully loved the lobster sliders! Oh, and the shakes looked impressive too.. Kudos for the catchy urban art theme. :)
5	Awesome Burgers and fries and a whole lot more great Staff and the shakes are amazing! They are kicked up with liquor!
5	The burgers at Holsteins are perfection. Size/portion is just right fort he price, the quality is great and the way the flavors play off each other from the first bite will be sure to tantalize all your senses. The atmosphere is nice, nothing too special about it, but very well done. Service is always top notch. I haven't tried the adult shakes yet... but next time I am in town I will be sure to!
4	What a fun place! We were looking for a late lunch after spending most of the day at the pool party. Our requirements were fairly simple, filling food and lots of air conditioning. We were drawn in because it was right across from Marquee and had a huge pink cow. What's not to love?!? The food was good. I had the grilled marinated chicken breast, smoked bacon, provolone cheese, pesto aioli, arugula, and tomato on a Foccacia Roll. It was delicious, really  hit the spot! We all shared a milkshake and it was so yummy! I will be back to try more of the shake menu!
4	Not only is the DJ amazing on a Friday night but the burger was amazing! I loved the sweet potatoe fries much more than regular fries. The Cosmopolitan has the best eateries and I really enjoyed my meal.  The burger I had is the best burger in Vegas 2 years in a row. Aged blue cheese, the cheese was the highlight of my burger and I truly enjoyed my meal. I said I would only go to Vegas once but next time I come here I'll eat my heart out at this restaurant!
4	So this place was friendly and open. In the sense that it feel like a sophisticated friends house. The servers were helpful and honest. The burgers were tricked up with all kinds if toppings. We have the rising sun. I thought the burger was just good, but not wow.  I was impressed with the toppings I just like bigger patties.  However, the wow moment did happen for me with the banana cream milkshake. That shake just made me want to cuddle up with a blanket it was YUM.  I had to go back the next day just for the shake. The ingredients are spot on and the flavor is not overpowering. Anytime I go to vegas I will stop by for one of these shakes they make you think other shakes are child's play.  We also ordered fries they were fine.  So go for the shakes. If you don't drink alcohol they will nix the alcohol for you.
5	Excellent burger. Good service. Good beer. Doing it right.
3	Holsteins used to be my favorite burger place ever.. Until I returned yesterday with my family. Burgers were not as juicy as before and when paying $18 for a burger, I at least expected my fries to be crispy. If I was served those fries from McDonalds, I would have asked for a replacement.
4	This place is delicious. Shakes with liquor blended in, genius. This would have been a 5 rating, but note the following: our waitress was nowhere to be found (bus boy came to start our order after 15 mins of just sitting around), the free seasoned popcorn was over seasoned (careful when you munch down, the powder may make you cough) & the onion rings and sweet potato fries are average (pass on these if you're thinking about ordering extra). Now they are known for their burgers. I have not a negative thing to say, they are delicious and highly recommended.
4	My boyfriend and I wanted to try this place for a really long time, so we finally visited! When we arrived, the hostess told us we had 3 options, the bar, lounge area or the dining room which was all full service but bar and lounge are open seating. The lounge area looked cozy and comfy so we settled for that. After sitting on the couch, it took about 10 minutes for us to get a hello from a server and the menus, quite ridiculous but forgiving. She was very polite but not very attentive. After we ordered the food, it came out sooner than we thought. We ordered the rising sun & the gold standard! Both were very tasty, rich and juicy. The food covered the exceptional service. After our meal, we ordered the grasshopper milk shake which was phenomenal, I am not a huge fan of mint but my boyfriend is so I gave in to his liking. I honestly can say I have second thought, about mint flavors because it was delicious! I loved the malt so much better, very sweet and made to perfection. Most likely coming back but maybe just not as a first option.
5	wow this place really hits the spot!!! Amazing appetizer (fried grits), oreo shake, onion rings and sweet potato fries and 2 amazing amazing burgers! i love this place, perfect place to hit up right after you leave marquee
5	Nom nom nom.Great food. Great service. I had the Meatball Burger  with onion rings. It was delicious, but a bit messy.Eat here and get a burger. Enjoy.
5	I've been wanting to try this place forever, because the burgers and shakes look incredible.  However, I go there and what do I get?!  The Soft Shell Crab Bruschetta and a Maui Coconut Porter Beer.  However, I do not regret my choices.  Both were absolutely incredible!  My Dad had sliders, fries, and the Root Beer Float and he said it was great.  And my sister had the Urth Sliders (Vegan patties) with the S'Mores milkshake.  And she loved hers.  And the service might have been the absolute best I've ever had anywhere!  Our Server's name was Robin, and she was spectacular!  Very friendly, very good at her job.  I definitely will be going back there soon for a buger and fries and I will be asking for Robin again!  Great place!
4	Great food and great atmosphere. Try to Small Plates if you don't want to stuff yourselves but hey, it's Vegas so all (diet) bets are off, right? Recommended.
3	Our first stop upon touching down in Vegas!!Pros:1. Huge sandwich2. quality beef3. varietyCons:1. French fries were below average (both sweet potato and regular)2. Most may not find this as a con, but i felt the buns were too much, when i eat a burger i want to taste the quality of the the "inner sandwich" in which the bun is holding everything together and gives a mild taste.3. Drink selection should be more diverseOverall a good sandwich, ive had better but will do again when back to Vegas!!
4	My favorite shake (the Cereal Bowl) is gone! It's okay, though...I drowned my sorrows in a Drunken Monkey (Reese's, banana, malt, Frangelico) and felt much better.Holstein's has some pretty amazing ranch dressing, so ask for a side to go with your fries.Their veggie patty is also delicious--it's especially good when you sub it in the Fun-Ghi.
4	Went here with a friend tonight. First of all, the setting was very nice with a animation-esque theme. The hostess told us that we could sit at the bar or the dining area, both of which have tvs. I had the Gold Standard burger ($18.50) and my friend had the big fat greek burger($18) with $2 sub sweet potato fries. We also shared the Tiramisu shake ($13). When the shake came out, our waiter gave us a steel mixing cup and a glass cup with the shake. I was wondering what that steel cup was and when I looked inside it was more of the shake. I guess they made extra and they were courteous enough to give the rest of it to us. The shake was pretty good and less sweet (thank God) than the shakes at Gordon Ramsay's BurGR. The burgers came out pretty quick (maybe in 10-15 minutes). It wasn't that busy so that helped. The fries come out in a small, aluminum bucket which is kinda unique. The Gold Standard burger was great. I liked especially the arugula and the tomato confit. Those veges balanced the heavy flavors of the bacon, cheese, and burger. Unfortunately, I noticed the fries at the middle and bottom of my bucket were a little soggy and oily. I tried my friend's greek burger which had greek spiced lamb. She had the tsaziki sauce on the side and I thought that was a good decision especially for this burger. The sauce had mint in it and my friend didn't like it. I, on the other hand, thought it worked bc I've hand lamb with mint jelly before. My friend told the waiter she didn't like the tsaziki sauce and the waiter was kind enough to bring out a cajun remoulade sauce instead. That cajun remoulade sauce was pretty good and tasted like thousand island with some cajun seasoning. My friend's sweet potato fries were great as they were crispy and did not taste oily at all. The service was great and attentive. Even though the burgers were on the pricey side (most were $16-$18), I would come back again bc of the casual setting, fast service, and the yummy tasting burgers and shakes.
4	The burger here is so freakin good. If you're a burger person, Holsteins is the place to go. Make it a mission in your life to try this place.I got the Gold Standard, $17.50Dry aged beef sirloin burger w/smoked bacon, aged goat cheddar cheese, tomato confit, baby arugula & garlic-chive aioli. Heaven in my mouth. The beef was cooked just as I requested. Even the sweet potato fries were made to perfection!
5	I came her for a quick lunch before heading to Marquee dayclub and boy oh boy am I glad I did !Food: My friend and I decided to share everything we ordered which consisted of the ahi tuna tostada, the billionaire burger, and the banana cream pie shake. The ahi tuna tostadas were a great app to start the meal with! The fish was fresh and the lemony avocado sauce was very refreshing and a great compliment to the dish. However, I was amazed at how delicious the burger was! The burger had foie gras in it which is a food item banned in LA. I decided to jump on the chance to try it and I absolutely loved it. As for the banana cream pie shake, I usually don't like shakes but this one was a guilty pleasure ! However, I must say it would be too much for one so  I recommend to share with another person and sorry to be a bearer of bad news but  kids you can't have any because it is spiked with alcohol!Service: Our server was always attentive and came back a couple of times to refill our water so no complaints!  But shame on him for offering us the shake and dessert menu! I probably gained 1377384893 pounds, but that shake was oh so worth it!Final Verdict: One of the best burger places I have EVER tried!
4	We arrived without a reservation at 8PM on a Saturday night and had to wait about 45 minutes. They said they'd text us, so we went down to the casino and did some gambling. 45 minutes later, I received no text, so we went back upstairs and checked in. We were seated after a brief pause, which made me wonder how long I'd be waiting for a text if I didn't go up and check back in.We ordered the onion rings and two of their boozy milkshakes. A coworker recommended I try the onion rings, and they were fantastic. The order came out quick, as did the milkshakes. The milkshakes were awesome, barely a booze taste and worth the price.Our entrees on the other hand took quite a while to arrive. I would guess nearly 30 minutes. The waitress said the kitchen was backed up, but for a burger place on a Saturday night I had a hard time believing they weren't prepared for the evening rush.I had the pork belly sliders which were excellent. If you've had pork buns at a Chinese restaurant, they were like that, including the soft bun and the sauce, but crispier and better. They serve 3 to a plate, which was enough for me but I was already getting full from the milkshake and the onion rings.My wife had the Classic burger and said it was alright, but nothing extra ordinary. Considering it took 30+ minutes to come out, she said it was about as good as she's had at Red Robin. I had a bite and it was fine, but again I don't think it was anything amazing. It was a decent burger, properly cooked to a medium rare, not exceptionally huge or covered in exotic toppings, and considering the prices in Vegas, it was worth the $14.Best part of the meal was the milkshakes and the onion rings. A word of caution about the milkshakes - they  fill you up! If you finish one it's like eating a huge ice cream sundae with booze on it. They are definitely worth the price.If I'm gambling at or near the Cosmopolitan I'd give the place another try, maybe for lunch. The food was good and the price was right.
4	Cool joint, shakes were delicious as were the burgers.  Great service as well! Didn't love the buffalo dip though.
1	I don't care how good the burgers are. The background music is blaring so loud I my husband had a hard time talking to each other. The restaurant is so loud because everyone else has to talk over the music too! When I say loud I mean "clubbing" loud! Oh, & I'm not some old person complaining either. I'm in my 30's. I actually got a nasty headache just waiting on my burger. Nice!
2	Way over priced for small portions of mediocre food and dry burgers... Thier shakes are good though but that's it
4	Holstein's is a great option! It's definitely a busy and hip restaurant! Fits right in with the Cosmopolitan vibe. The restaurant has fun artwork! There is a big yet diverse menu, although the restaurant is a bit overpriced. Great burgers! Yummy milkshakes! And good service!
5	We came here deciding it was better to grab a burger than a fancy meal after too much Fat Tuesdays....  I was not disappointed, possibly the best burger I have ever had.  Sure it's overpriced (the whole strip is), but I can't knock it for that.  Service as good and the odd cow art makes for a cool environment.  Check it out, you won't be disappointed either!
5	Visited here this past week.  It was our first time in the Cosmopolitan and we came to Holsteins because we had heard of the great alcoholic milkshakes.  We sat at the bar and were immediately greeted by Tamia (hope I spelled her name correctly).  She was attentive and very friendly throughout our somewhat lengthy stay there.  Drinks were great and the hamburgers each if us had were fantastic.  Very tasty, cooked perfectly and massive.  Of course after the burgers of course we had to try the milkshakes.  Yummy!We are going back to Vegas in late October and plan on returning.  Definitely worth the time and money.
4	Holsteins is a great option from one of the many burger places to try in Vegas. It is conveniently located in the Cosmopolitan Hotel. The great thing about them was that when you sign in, they take down your phone number so they can contact you when your table is available. We were told to wait 20 minutes, but we barely waited 10. We got seated pretty fast and service was friendly. I love the decorations they have in the restaurant. The alcoholic milkshakes got my attention. I am SO glad I tried it! I got the mint chocolate chip flavor milkshake. It was the BOMB! You barely taste the alcohol only the after taste, but it's definitely something new and something everyone over the age should try when visiting this place. My friend and I split a burger (I forgot what it was called) and sea steak sliders. I just like to try different things and let me tell you, you can't go wrong with either one of them! But.. I'm glad we shared the burger and the sliders. The burger is pretty big so I don't know if I could've finished it all by myself. The burger was juicy and a greasy, which was a great balance with the refreshing sea steak sliders. It took a while to get our orders, but it's understandable because it was pretty busy and we were a party of 5. The complimentary popcorn sure made it better.
4	I really stand by my love of Holstein's.  I went here with a client.  She had a turkey burger (and loved it).  I had the lamb burger.  Deeeeelish.  We also shared a large salad, and opted for the coleslaw over a side of fries/onion rings.  I have had the onion rings tho, and they are great.A couple nights later, I drunkenly stopped by to pick up a milkshake to go.  I got the Drunken Monkey and it was soooooooooo good.  I drank it almost completely on my walk from the restaurant to my room.  If you want something decadent, don't order room service dessert at the Cosmo.  Just run over to Holstein's and buy a few milkshakes.  TO KILL FOR.All in all, I've never had a bad meal here and the service is ALWAYS friendly.
4	The unexpected touches are what elevated this from a 3 to a 4 star experience for me. I'd read the reviews, so I already planned on getting a boozy milkshake, skipping the sliders, and ordering the Rising Sun (Kobe beef, teriyaki, nori furikake, crispy yam, spicy mayo, tempura avocado) - all of which were fantastic recommendations. (Thanks Yelp!)But I wasn't expecting the complimentary popcorn (that our group quickly renamed crack-corn), nor was I expecting the complimentary nitro meringues to finish off the meal. It was clear that the servers, even on a busy Saturday night, were eager to make our experience memorable. And from start to finish, that's exactly what it was.
4	The food and shakes here are wonderful! I went with a girlfriend here one night and we split a Chocolate-covered Strawberry Shake and a Gold Standard Burger. The shake tasted just like a chocolate-covered strawberry! Totally hit the spot! It was a very comfortable portion for two people. We added sprouts to our burger, which was excellent, I recommend you add those if you're a fan of sprouts. The burger overall was great and the fries that came with it we're totally up-to-par on the fries scale.The service was cool. Everyone was nice and attentive, BUT they were almost too attentive. I felt like I was being rushed out of the restaurant and it wasn't even a busy time - I was there on a Tuesday night around 9 pm. Otherwise, I had a great time at Holstein's and I will definitely come again.
3	As far as burgers go, Holsteins was very good, but not $18 good.  I ordered the Fun-ghi burger (I LOVE me some sauteed mushrooms and onions and gruyere cheese) and the beef patty was well cooked and flavorful. I really enjoyed the brioche bun, but was kind of underwhelmed by the entire burger....perhaps I should have gone with the Rising Sun? Fries were mediocre at best. Service was very friendly, but kinda slow. And we didn't get free popcorn :(LOVED the cute little painted cows, and the location in the Cosmo is very convenient for hanging out on the Strip.All in all, not bad but not the greatest I've ever had :) 3 solid stars!
5	try the mint sugar smokey stuff
4	Brah, Holsteins is effing good!!!! I ordered the billionaire burger which was only $32 -what a deal! I think it had expensive beef in it, but what caught my eye was the slab of foie gras!! First bite, I was in foie gras heaven! Since CA ban the sale of foie gras, I have not had it in a very long time. All that richness flavors that make foie gras a big deal was present! The burger patty was cooked perfectly rare. Now, most would be like wondering why I am not talking about the burger patty; well what ever kind of beef they use is not a issue with me because all those labels on types of beef is over rated. For example, if it was really Kobe Beef it would have been a very small piece of it for Holsteins to only charge 32 bucks. They said the mayo spread had truffles or maybe they used truffle oil, it doesn't matter because I did not taste it. The star of this dish was the slab of seared foie gras and that perfectly cooked patty. It made me happy! The star power of the foie gras was so great I wasn't even sure if I got fries or onion rings with my meal, oh well! I can't wait to come back again for more foie gras!!!
3	Free Popcorn - Tasty.Drunken Monkey Shake - Reece's, Banana, Malt, Frangelico - Yummy. Barely tasted the alcohol. Enough for two to share.The Fun-Ghi - Beef Patty, Truffle Marinated Portabella Mushroom, Carmelized Onion, Gruyere, Mayonnaise, Frisee - Meh. Overpriced. Didn't taste the truffle and the frisee was scratchy and didn't add much.The Rising Sun - Kobe Beef, Teriyaki Glaze, Nori Furikake, Crispy Yam, Spicy Mayo, Tempura Avocado and added fried egg. - Beef was dry..Glad it had the friend egg. Not worth the price.Overpriced burgers with free popcorn and a yummy shake.
5	I like the fact that they make their own buns and the patties.and Option to have sweet potato fries.The "rising sun" was the burger of its word. You might want to come back just to get that ....The Urth burger was good too, the vegan pattie is also made in the house.
1	Way Over priced for small portion and terrible costumer service! Would never return. $70 lunch and they automatically add the tip which they don't mention for a server who stopped at your table twice and was to busy to refill your water glass! Thanks but no thanks
4	Super tasty burgers although I wasn't too keen on the fries as they were a bit salty for my liking.Absolutely love the alcoholic milkshakes too. I had the birthday cake one and it was so delicious and tasted exactly like the title suggests.  Service was really good, food was served quickly and you get tonnes of milkshake for your money. Will be back again for sure.
5	Apple pie milkshake!!! :)
3	We ate here in the bar at about 9 pm on the Friday of Labor Day weekend. The rising sun burger was amazing. My husband said the onion rings were perfect. Note if you order your burger medium it will be quite raw. So go over the cooking level with the waitress when you order.Also this place was very crowded and loud. We think if we ever went back we'd go at about 5pm. Nightclub loud for dinner is not our thing as we are in our 50s.Great burgers though!
5	A friend and i visited shortly after i moved here and i, in turn, have taken three different groups of friends since then. The adult shakes are pure heaven - best $15 ever spent, lol. Pick any flavor, you wont be disappointed. I have tried several appetizers and they are all good. My fave is the buffalo dip. I really want to deduct a star because the music is so damn loud you literally cant hear yourself think (much less talk to anyone), but i just cant do it. The food, the shakes and the service are all spot on!
1	We are waiting since 40mins to know about the vegan burger bun has no egg in it. The waiters here doesn't know anything about it. They don't even know if they have eggs in breads. The waiter is not even coming back to reply. Very very bad service.
5	Burgers are awesome!  Drunken monkey milk shake out of this world. My 4th time here. Luv it.
5	Yes. Yes. Yes. So yummy and such great service. I had my burger on a lettuce wrap w/ sweet potato fries & tiramisu shake. Perfect!
5	Excellent burgers and adult milkshakes!  I had the Greek burger and it tasted just like agro, DELISH!!!!  We sat at the bar, Tamia waited in us, she was friendly, knowledgeable, and really enhanced our experience!  We will most definitely return here again,possibly the best burger in Vegas!!!!
5	The burgers are by far the best I've had in a long time. They are pricy for burgers and shakes, buts it's well worth it. You will leave the restaurant full and satisfied. I had the Nom Nom burger, which had pepper jack cheese and potato chips inside  my honey had the caliente burger, which was very flavorful, but not too spicy. We had "grown up" (contained alcohol) shakes. If you're like me and have a sweet tooth you will be in shake heaven!!!! If you're in Vegas this is a must have!!! It's too bad there isn't one in Cali. 5 stars and a !
3	I've been here before always get a burger which are pretty good the milk shakes that have alcohol don't really taste like it not do they get you not even a slightest buzzed. Today I got the Thai steak salad
1	After experiencing the worst burger I've ever had in Vegas, I felt compelled to email Holsteins to give them the opportunity to explain why my experience was so bad. Never heard back from Holsteins, which to me, is one of the hallmarks of poor customer service. The burger was dry, tasteless and very expensive. Don't mind paying nearly $20 for a burger, but it should be damned near as good as a burger can get. Save your dough and go to any fast food drive-in for your burger; it will taste better, and you'll have enough scratch left over for a movie.
4	After hearing so much about Holsteins, I had to try it during my first trip to Vegas. I waa not disappointed. I made reservations on open table since I'd heard it can get busy. The restaurant even called that morning to confirm my reservation. Pretty impressed considering this is a Millennial restaurant. My friend and I arrived at 1pm sharp and were promptly seated. The restaurant has a separate bar area but both have a lively atmosphere. Our waiter have us some time to look over the menu, and brought a small bucket of their complimentary popcorn which my friend declared was "addicting." We caught a glimpse of a burger going out to a table and they're huge! Way too much for me. Our waiter asked if it was our first time dining there. When we said yes he gave us a few suggestions. We took his digestion and decided to split a Rising Sun burger with sweet potato fries and a lobster roll with regular fries. We also ordered the Philly egg rolls. In case you hadn't heard, Holsteins is known for their milkshakes. I ordered a black and whire, and my friend got a creme bruise. Both were amazing. The Philly egg rolls were delicious. The burger was tasty. Tempura avocado won me over. The only disappointment was the lobster roll. It was just ok. Not worth the price or the calories. Service was definitely above average. My water glass was never empty and all of my questions were well answered. Plus since I asked for a souvenir or waiter gave me a drink koozy. Woohoo! Any way I can't wait to go back and try another burger and shake.
5	I've been here a few times and the Gold Standard burger is my first choice. Can't go wrong.
2	Good is great here. The service was sub par though. Very surprising, but fairly unfriendly in the bar area, and very slow in the restaurant. I have been several times, and it seems like something has changed here--I past visits the place was great. We will probably opt for another place next time.
4	Was able to walk in and be seated for a party of 15 on a Friday night at about 7pm with a 20 minute wait.
1	Yeah - don't waste your time.  That's my opinion and I haven't even seen the menu yet.  First comment from BOTH the hostess AND the maitre'd was 'we can't seat you till the other member of your party arrives.".  How about "welcome, we're glad you are here, can I get you a drink'.  Underwhelmed!! This with over 20 tables empty (eg less than half full) .  YIKES!! Don't bother!!
4	Very cool place. Nice staff. Sat at the bar and ordered the "Rising Sun" made with Kobe beef. Super yummy. Order that one for sure medium rare to get the Kobe flavor. They have a great choice of beer. They even have one of my favorite beers Franziskaner Hefeweizen. A perfect fit for any burger. Oh yes that place made the burger indeed medium rare. Most joints overcook the meat. The price is alright for what you get. Definitely not overpriced.
5	Truly one of the best burgers I've ever had. Big, juicy, and flavorful. This restaurant is hip, fun, and chill. Good place to have a burger and be rowdy with your friends. I ordered the steakhouse burger with sweet potato fries. Even though it was huge, my burger has such depth of flavor that I was happy to devour all of it. It was spices on top of other spices. It was just delicious. This made me into a burger fan (only a fan of In-n-Out burgers before). There are layers and layers of flavors and goodness in each burger. Your taste buds won't be disappointed here.
3	Delicious, great fun burger combinations. Extra rich and super sweet shakes and amply sized. Underwhelming sides.Since it's Vegas, there's no point in stressing about the price, since everything is at least 50-100% marked up than what it should be.The Rising Sun was truly an innovative combo: Kobe Beef, Teriyaki Glaze, Nori Furikake, Crispy Yam, Spicy Mayo, Tempura Avocado. Be warned, the Crispy Yam is merely just grated fried yams. The tempura avocado is extremely excellent though. But I mean, how do you go wrong with deep-fried fat? (For further reading: Fried Butter)The Thai Steak Salad was barely average: Grilled Steak, Tomato, Cucumber, Red Onion, Romaine Lettuce, Green Papaya, Mint, Cilantro, Roasted Peanuts, tossed in a Sweet-chili Vinaigrette. The steak strips were substantial, but completely dry and tough, and I usually expect a sweeter sauce with my "Asian" salads, but the Sweet-chili vinaigrette was more vinaigrette than sweet or chili.The regular fries & the sweet potato fries were mediocre at best, but the Onion rings were crisp, firm, and delicious.USEFUL: EVERYTHING IS SUPER SALTY. EVERYTHING. Water will get you nowhere. My lips continually shriveled up from beginning to end no matter what I was eating. I was re-applying moisturizing lip balm like it was the air I breathe. I may try to ask for "Less salt" if I ever go back!
4	I visited on a Thursday evening with my coworkers after an all day accounting conference. Needless to say, we were ALL ready to get our drink on, but being with the boss, (sort of)reigned it in. We got an assortment of dishes, and there was no complaints. Everything was pretty much awesome, particularly the ahi tuna and Turkey Tom Sliders - def get the Turkey Tom yum! My Green Pasture salad was solid and the Pork Street taco apps and Onion Rings (huge) were phenomenal. I ended up going with a vodka soda for my drink of choice and they were pouring those suckers stiff, which was much appreciated! My only regret is I did not get the spiked Grasshopper Milkshake, but tomorrow is another day! Can't wait to hit this place up the next time I am in Vegas!
2	I've eaten here twice and both times it was a disapointment, I'd be a fool to come back a third time.
4	After seeing the place on the Food Network,we decided it was someplace we wanted to visit while we were in Vegas.  Made a reservation on Open Table while at the MGM for a show, and took a stroll down the strip and made it in plenty of time before our reservation. Situated in the Cosmo it's pretty easy to find if you just follow your nose.   They were happy to seat us early even though it was a little busy.  The menu is a bit to take in as there is so much that looks so good... how do you decide.  I opted for the Holstein Beef sliders and my companion went for something a little more spicy the El Caliente.  My sliders were really good.  Not over cooked, and a great size for the buns they were served on.  And as everyone else has stated, the homemade ketchup ROCKED!  I'm not really into the spicy stuff, but I did have a small taste and it was pretty good.  I could also tell by the lack of conversation and the amount of time it took him to eat it.. was later reported to be very good and a decent size for a large appetite.   I was able to snake a few of his fries and could really only finish 2 of the 3 sliders so they worked out well.  it's always fun to explore new places when you are out of town.  Stop in and explore this place for sure.
4	I had what was truly the best burger I've ever had here (steakhouse burger). The shakes are generous portions and the service was good. Nothing besides the burger itself was mind-blowing, though, and this place is expensive - not by Vegas standards, just by normal city standards. Anyway, I'll visit again next time I'm staying at the Cosmopolitan.
4	Just based on beer selection I give it a 4, they have a good variety but man is it expensive!
4	warning: this review is a few months late.I do remember this place though, so thats a plus considering most things in vegas are a blur. we stopped in here after sleeping all day and taking one look at burgr and walking away immediately.me and a friend both got the gold standard burger and I also got a drunken monkey shake. I loved the shake. Personally I thought the burger was just normal, maybe even a tiny bit dry. This was more a fun atmosphere kind of place. Sitting at the bar waiting for the food, we were surrounded by really friendly people, and cougars. Bartender was really cool too so overally it was a good experience.A bit pricey but its vegas.
5	It's both a blessing and a curse that that Vegas is so far away, otherwise I'd be visiting Holsteins on a far more frequent basis.In contrast to the sharp trendiness of the Cosmopolitan Hotel itself is Holsteins, a lighthearted, family-friendly (relatively speaking of course!) burger-n-fries type of place that offers many interpretations of the word "indulgence." Our wait to be seated took about a minute or two at most, but this was during a Monday lunchtime visit - so I wouldn't be surprised to know that this place becomes quite packed over the weekends.According to the restaurant's website, Holsteins no longer offers its Crispy Calamari appetizer - what a bummer!. The calamari itself has a wonderfully crunchy texture and the grilled lemon wedges provided on the side provided a tangy flavor as well as a subtle hint of charred smokiness. The Tabasco-honey dipping sauce was also fantastic, creating a welcome balance between sweetness and a slightly spicy kick. I hope that this dish somehow finds it way back on to the menu soon, as it was one of the best iterations of calamari that I've had in recent memory!For our burger selection, we shared a "Fun-Ghi" Burger, which was packed to the brim with many of my favorite things. Indeed, there were mushrooms aplenty (check), caramelized onions (check), gruyere (check), and even a truffle mayo that gave the burger an earthy aroma and that signature truffle flavor. The patty itself was juicy and flavorful; it was also cooked to a perfect medium-rare.We also split an order of Truffle Lobster Mac-N-Cheese (might as well go all in if you're indulging like this!), which had nice contrasts of creaminess and crisp crunch (thanks to the breaded topping, of course). In contrast to some macaroni & cheese dishes found at other establishments, this version wasn't overly rich or oily. Its stronger, more pronounced cheese flavor complemented the burger quite well. In sharing this appetizer, a burger, and a side, my girlfriend and I were pretty much stuffed. The portion sizes were bigger than what we're accustomed to getting for the price (cough, Umami, cough). This being said, expect somewhat of a price markup...it is Sin City after all.We didn't get a chance to try any of the famed Holstein's "adult" shakes (in large part because we had already gotten drunk earlier that morning), but some of the combinations listed on the menu looked pretty interesting. In particular, the "Red Velvet Cake Shake" really jumps off of the page!While the whole "high-end burger" scene seems to be flourishing into quite the business these days, places like Holsteins prove that there are ways to excel at both image and execution. I'll certainly be back.
2	I wasn't as much of a fan as others it seems.  The staff was very nice.  The place was a bit loud.  I sat at the bar and had a drink while I ordered some food to go.  I got the fried pickles.  The first bite was tasty but they were really really salty (both the pickle, the breading and the sauce that came with it).  Interesting they were fried spears vs. fried slices like I'm used to but I liked that part.  I got the gold standard burger and didn't really like it (esp. for $20).  It was a bit greasy, needed seasoning, and when I asked them to add avocado they added guacamole to it (not the same!).  I probably would try something else before coming back.
4	We went here based on the Yelp reviews -- we are in Vegas so much that trying a new spot was necessary.  While totally aimed at the tourist, I have to say that the vibe was amazing  and loud.  By amazing I mean everyone was having fun and enjoying their meals.Everything was big and over exaggerated, which is exactly what you look for in Vegas.  It didn't matter that the food wasn't exactly perfect, it was that they tried and the presentation was fun.The milkshakes are to DIE for and was really filling and oh so devilishly yummy. Unfortunately the burger was not so much.  I mean...it IS a burger place.  It was more bun than bang :-(So 4 stars for fun, but outside of Vegas this place would flop on quality of burger.
3	Holsteins, has been around during this whole burger time fad and I've dinned their quite a few times.  Maybe the burger fad has wore off on me, but it was just ok. $15 for a plain burger, it should have been awesome, to me and my guest it had a odd, kind of funny taste. Like it was old.   It looked great on the plate, burger was nice and thick, wasn't dry, condiments seemed fresh.  My guest really like the onion rings, but I found they had too much bread.   Crunchy and crisp, but the onion to bread ratio was off.  For only an extra $2, for the rings, that's not bad. There shakes are always good.  To me a burger bar is about that piece of meat, the stuff on top should compliment it. It's all about burger, which tasted bad. Sorry Holsteins, I love your location, decor and service. You just have to fix what's between the bun.
4	I'm not sure if I was just starving... but we came here for dinner before going out and we were seated right away which was kind of surprising. I got the Gold standard burger and man was it good. The waiter recommended the steakhouse or the gold standard saying that it was award winning and their most popular. I definitely, agree because I definitely scarfed down the burger. The cheese they used with the bacon and the arugula and their aioli. It was perfect together, nothing was too overpowering, which was nice. I would definitely come back here again to try out a different burger. I thought their prices were on the higher end but I guess you're in Vegas, so nothing you can do about that.
5	Although I absolutely hate The Cosmopolitan, I was really happy to find this place. Every single time I visit the Cosmopolitan I have a horrible experience. Whether it's the disgraceful customer service, the trashy clientele, the pathetic excuse for pool attendants-- it all sucks. So when my cousin asked us to meet her and her parents here, I was crazy skeptical. I was honestly just gonna grab a coke and eat somewhere else later. I'm so glad I didn't. I had the "Gold Standard" burger with Onion rings and it was, by far, the best burger I've ever had. My mom had the classic with regular fries and we both spilt an order of the fried pickles (which were also, the best I've ever had). For both of us the check came out to $63. I would have paid twice that much for a burger of that quality. Seriously just amazing. If you love a good In-n-Out burger, you'll love this place. They put "Umami Burger" to shame and need to be in a category all to themselves. I can't wait to eat here again.
1	Ass holes! Sign said open until midnight. We arrived at 11:30 and they would not seat is. Nuff said.
4	Ate here this past week while I was in Vegas for work. I'm not a big fan of restaurants on the strip. In in the past I have found that no matter the famous chef associated with the restaurant or the price point, the food is generally meh at best.Holsteins was a very pleasant surprise. I wasn't overly hungry so I ordered the signature sliders and the frozen grasshopper boozy shake. It was plenty of food. In fact, I didn't even touch the extra shake that came with my order. Both the sliders and the shake were delicious and I left feeling stuffed. Prices were totally reasonable for downtown Vegas, and overall the service was great. One thing that was a little odd is that they don't seem to bring you water as a default - you have to ask for it (even plain tap water). Will definitely return when work brings me back to Vegas.
5	Definitely one of the top burger places I've been to. Service is great and food comes out quicklyPros-burger is juicy and tasty (everything was right about it)...thinking about it makes me hungry again. And they're not stingy with the portions!-food came out in less than 20minutes -our server/bartender was very patient and attentive. Explained what was popular/what he recommended-their sweet potato fries were heavenly (order them as a side! They come in a bigger tin) -they had boozy shakes that looked absolutely delicious. If I wasn't so stuffed already, I would've totally ordered one. Cons-there was a wait for a table (we came at 930pm) so we just found a spot at the barHighly recommend this place!
5	While on a business trip, I stopped over and had the Gold Standard and an IPA. The beer and the burger were great!  But the best thing Holsteins has going is their bartender Toshi!!  He gave me awesome suggestions from what id like to drink and eat as well as top secret spots in Vegas I'd enjoy!!
5	Where to start. We had been up for roughly 24 hrs when we sat down at midnight to eat dinner. I was whatever a combination of sick, shitfaced and sleep-absent is and got a drink with ginger beer in it that tasted fantastic and immediately made me feel worse; this I was expecting so no deductions. The in house dj had his system up far enough to interfere with those ears trying to make sense of the Bellagio fountain coordination a mile away but no matter-he was great and had enormous hair. I got a Kobe burger with chips, garlic pickles , and something red on it and it was perfect despite the waitress leering at me when I asked for it well. The french fries came in an exciting metal pail that apparently had been heated in an oven since earlier in the week, and didn't cool down prior to us leaving. We also had the mini tacos which were small but no points deducted as the menu called them effing small so whatever. The girls and their black dresses left for the Marquee Club and a petite Indian man who would welcome them into his private tent and Robert and I ordered another drink and went to find the Cosmo poker room which doesn't exist.
4	This is a great burger place. The meat of the burger was amazing, the creativity and flavors of the different burgers were delicious. The shakes are good but just as expensive as your meal.
4	I had the Fun-Ghi - $17 - 4/5 pretty good.Beef w/ caramelized onion, mushroom, and truffle mayo.  The burger was solid.  Bread texture was nice. Onions and mushrooms were nice & caramelized.  Truffle mayo was good.  Pecan Turtle Cheesecake Milkshake - $13 - Okay - 3/5The pecan turtle cheesecake milkshake was pretty good.  It tasted like a cheesecake milkshake.  Red Velvet Shake - $13 - Taste average, 3/5The Red Velvet shake wasn't anything special.  I really enjoy red velvet and this tasted whatever.PROS:-FREE popcorn appetizer.  Tastes like crack.-Burgers are solid-Shakes are REALLY big.  Just order 1 shake and split that between 2-3 people.  Trust me on this.CONS:-Shakes are pricey at ($13 each).  -Hard to taste the alcohol in the milkshake.  I think next time I'll just get a vanilla milkshake.-Burgers are pricey.  Most are more than $15.
4	Las Vegas Burger Mission Part 3 took place just a couple weeks ago, and my travel companion and I decided on Holstein's. It did not disappoint one bit.Right out of the gate, things were looking good....we found the place in the Cosmopolitan hotel easily, we were seated without a wait (it was a late Tuesday afternoon), and our waiter looked like Jared Leto. I like Jared Leto. Sweet. I decided to go with a Black and White Shake (like Jerry Seinfeld's black and white cookie, but in milkshake form, and it didn't make me puke) and the Rising Sun Burger. If I ever go back to Holstein's, I might have to get the same thing...I loved both. I particularly got into the tempura avocado on the burger. My pal got the Steakhouse Burger and the Birthday Cake shake, which had cake flavored vodka in it. Let me just say this....the person who invented cake flavored vodka deserves some sort of a Nobel Prize, and my friend who decided her life's problems could be washed away with a combination of ice cream and booze deserves some sort of a prize as well....because that's just awesome. And surely explains in part why we have been pals since 1975. Anyway, she enjoyed her burger and shake as much as I enjoyed mine. Burgers come with fries....nice that you don't have to order them (and pay for them) separately. We were both disappointed in the fries at BurGR, so the fry test here was paramount....alas, great fries. Big Sigh Of Relief. To top it off, Jared Leto was the perfect server and took good care of us. Oh hell, give him a prize, too...maybe an Oscar.If you're looking to try one of the many burger places on The Strip, be sure to consider Holstein's. And say hi to Jared for me.
4	Another great meal at Holsteins. We love this place. My husband stuck to his usual the gold standard- I tried another one (so many to try why not?) the Rising sun. I opted out of the mayo ( I tend to not like to much sauce) and didn't miss it! The tempura avocado was ok- kind of through me off so didn't eat it but the rest of it was amazing. Better than the last one I tried which was the BBQ one. An 8/10 and my husband says 10/10 again. I did have cold sweet potato fries and when I mentioned it to my server he brought me fresh instantly. These burgers are always worth the price.
1	Terrible service. All waitresses seem to be in training; they're more interested in talking to each other or watching the TV. Most of all, after complaining about to the manager, he didn't seem to care.
4	Great experiences.  Service provide by Jade was awesome.   The place was packed, but the service was nice and quick.  Very knowledgable about the menu and gave us some great suggestions.  I ordered the fried pickles to start off.  They where delicious and complimented well with the caper mayo.  For my main course I ordered the Rising Sun with sweet potato fries.  The burger was pretty tasty,  but my fries where a little cold and soggy.  I also had the Maple Bacon shake, which was pretty good.  Great vibe in the restaurant.  Overall experience was great.  The only reason I gave this place 4 stars is because when we walked in the smell was pretty bad, like the tables where wiped down with dirty rags. Other than that I would recommend trying this place out!
3	I went into Holsteins with high expectations, and unfortunately was let down. The service was quite slow for 6 people and the food was underwhelming.  We each ordered burgers, but I didn't think anything was special about it.  I also had onion rings.   I was a bit annoyed when I asked if I could have half onion rings, and half fries.  The waiter replied "We won't customize anything here.  Even if you wanted your burger cut in half, we would just give you a knife."That for me makes me give Holsteins 3 stars.  I had the grass hopper milk shake as well (with an extra shot).  The problem with service being so slow, was that by the time the food came, I had pretty much finished the milk shake and was quite full.Overall, Holsteins is not very memorable, and I would rather go to BURGR or Burgar Bar.  There clearly was a reason why Hosteins had no wait, and the other burger places did.
5	Great vegan options and they offer gluten free buns. The vegan shake is also amazing. Thank god Vegas is finally catching on with healthy options.Comfortable lounge seating is nice.
3	I wanted to like this place so bad. They have a unique decor inside and fun booths with a number of tvs to watch the games. Unfortunately, I've just had much better burgers. There is nothing wrong with the burgers; they are fine. But they don't taste quite as good as they look (or sound). For $14-16 range the burgers should be excellent, and these just aren't quite there.
5	Great burger as always, I came here when they first opened and I was happy to see that it had gotten even better a few years later. Ashley did a great job, however the other server working the lounge around 130 on 11-1 was not so friendly, again Ashley was fantastic not just with us but with all the customers she interacted with. Gold standards and rising sun were great as were the rings, rotating taps a big plus (love big sky brewing). One of the best burgers you will find anywhere.
3	Three stars for amazing service. Bar tenders and waiters were amazing. They advertise a vegan burger, but our server double checked and it turns out the buns are not vegan ... and he let us know. Will we return for beer selection? Maybe. Will we return for food? No.
4	Adult milkshake!! yum....the pumpkin pie shake tastes just like a pumpkin pie...I guess they use real pumpkin pie puree inside!Got the salmon burger, it was good but a little too salty for my tastes$17 salmon burger wasn't too bad since it was a pretty big piece of salmon with more salmon lox on top with fries....the $13 shake seems like it subsidizes the lower fish cost...good to try once, wouldn't come backhappy Vegas-ing!
2	I'm not sure why we came here with so many "good" restaurants nearby.Server with an huge attitude. Food is ok.
3	Well.... it was good. ... but not great.  While there were lots of interesting choices,  the burger itself was just average. burgers are around 18 to 20 bucks each.  Not cheap.  Service was not great.  It was just average.
4	This place is so GOOD! I have been here twice and was satisfied with both experiences. I have tried the Rising Sun and Nom Nom burger. I'd recommend trying the Rising Sun because who can resist kobe beef, crispy yam, and avocado tempura all in one burger amongst some other stuff??? The crunchy texture just adds a whole new dimension to the burger. I eat a good amount of food and the burgers here are pretty filling. You also HAVE to try one of their milkshakes, whether it be a plain non-alcoholic one or the cool looking adult ones with alcohol haha. I have only tried the strawberry milkshake and it was so good and creamy without feeling too excessive. I usually don't like getting milkshakes, but this is one of the FEW places I am willing to get them. I will definitely go here the next time I am craving a burger on the strip and will probably try another milkshake. Check this place out!
2	This review is probably a bit outdated, since the first and last time I had Holsteins was in June 2012. We decided to drop by here for a quick lunch before Marquee Dayclub, since it's right outside Marquee's main entrance on the 2nd level. For some reason or another, we decided to sit in the bar and lounge area, instead of the dining area. The lounge had a few couches and chairs and we found a spot that fit seven of us. The rest of our group decided to sit at the bar.Not all of us ate, and I honestly don't even remember if I had a burger or not. If I did, it was obviously pretty unmemorable. I do remember getting fries and those were pretty standard. I also remember the service being on the poor side, but it wasn't a big deal. At that time, if you checked in on Foursquare, you could get a free pint of beer. Our server said all 10 of us had to check in and show him the check-in for us to get it. Not all of us had Foursquare or cell service, so that was kind of irritating and inefficient. I mean, technically he didn't do anything wrong, but you know there are always those servers who are more lax and will get you the freebie without actually seeing the check-in. This guy was not one of those servers.Every time I pass by Holsteins since then, I get bad vibes so I doubt I'd ever come back, unless it's for convenience. If I'm going to Dayclub, I'd rather get bottle service and food from Marquee, which is surprisingly tasty, than eat at Holsteins again.
2	This place seems awesome so far. Good atmosphere, good shakes. It's 2:00 pm on a Saturday and it's been almost an hour since we ordered our food. Still waiting. Hopefully it's good. Food review to follow.
5	Wow... this establishment turned out to be a home run!We were in Las Vegas attending a tradeshow and ventured out to Holsteins on a recommendation of a friend. Holstein is located on the second floor of the Cosmopolitan. Just go up the escalator near the entrance of casino/hotel adjacent to Las Vegas Blvd. and you'll see it.First off, don't let the prices discourage you. It is very much worth it. It can be a little out of the way, but the trip is definitely worth it as well. For a burger entree, expect to pay $16-20 depending on which burger  you get.We came in for lunch around 2PM on a Friday. There wasn't any wait and we were seated immediately. The waitress was extremely nice and accommodating. I did catch her name, but my receipt says her name is Tiffany.There's a lot of good burger options and it was kind of difficult to find the one that I wanted to try. I ended up with the Nom Nom burger. The burger was really good. More like amazing! The french fries that came with the meal wasn't bad either. There wasn't anything really special about the french fries.My two colleagues both ordered Classic burgers. I think they were a little more old school and wanted something less fancy smancy. Totally a preference thing. Both of them are usually pretty talkative, but once the food came out and they bit into their burgers, the table pretty much became silent. That's usually a sign that the food was really good. They thoroughly enjoyed their burgers and definitely agreed that it was worth the money.I rate Holsteins 5 stars out of 5. Great food. Great service. Burgers are amazing. Service is quick. There's not a whole lot to complain about. It was definitely a solid experience. If there was something to complain about, it would be the price, BUT given that it was Las Vegas it was ball park. We have had more expensive food that was drastically less tasty.Tips: If you aren't near the Cosmo, Holsteins might be a little out of the way, definitely make an effort to go.Holstein charges $3.95 for Iced Tea. Might be the case with other establishments in the area as well.Prepare to be very lost with burger options... so many good signature burgers... maybe review the menu before hand?? I was torn between 3 or 4 burgers but ended up choosing the Nom Nom (Kobe beef, potato chips, Island dressing). No idea why... :PDon't be afraid to ask for directions... I think all the casinos are designed to be death traps and mazes.
5	Best restaurant in vegas hands down, fresh burgers, amazing location!!!! A must try, thanks Holsteins!!!!!
4	Holy milkshake! I think all the boys come to the yard for these milkshakes (bad joke)! We visited here on our last night in Vegas with a rather large party, which they accommodated quickly. All me & my husband had were milkshakes. I had a basic caramel shake, while my husband had a shake with chocolate covered bacon & a little alcohol--both were amazing. One drawback is that we spent $22 on two shakes...but when in Vegas....
4	As suggested by the name, shakes and burgers are the specialty. There are fun and interesting array of shakes to choose from. We tried the Fat Boy shake that has a combination of cookies n' cream, sprinkles, butterfinger. It was good! We ordered the Truffle Lobster Mac N' Cheese to start out...it was good but not the best we've had. The burger was very good; we ordered the Sun Burger. It has a good combo of sauce to onions and a juicy Kobe beef. Our medium request came out more like medium well, but still surprisingly very juicy nonetheless. Overall, it is a great lunch spot with fun cow decor and designs. Good with a group and fairly family friendly.
2	Service was fine - I sat at the bar.Partially this might be my mistake - i came here for late lunch.  I wasn't sure if I was into having an 8oz burger (ie the big bun) so I decided to go for the tiny buns (3 sliders per serve).2nd mistake - I ordered something other than a beef patty (pretty obvious this is a beef place).  I ordered the Ahi sliders.So yes maybe other choices would have been better.  But for a place with burgers as main attraction as a burger?  The slider buns were very disappointing - cold and hard.  The Ahi had a spicy herb crust on the outside and tasted decent (nothing to rave about), the cucumber and slaw under the quartered piece of Ahi were actually in my opinion the highlight.  In fact I would have paid for that to be an Ahi cucumber salad much more happily.Sweet potato fries I added were decent - but again not really memorable.The redeeming thing?  The margarita I ordered was very nice.
4	Came here last month while I was in Las Vegas and I'm a definite fan! Probably one of the best burgers I've had in a while. It was one of those kind of messy but sooo tasty burgers that you just can't NOT eat in one sitting. We came in early for lunch on a Sunday before leaving Vegas and it was basically empty. We were sat immediately and within minutes I had eyed one of their seasonal milkshakes (with some booze of course!) a Pumpkin Pie milkshake. Literally SO Good. It had pumpkin pie vodka in it with with pumpkin pie filling, pepitas, and graham cracker crumble. I was literally drinking a pumpkin pie spiked with vodka and it was heaven! Ordered the the "Fun Ghi" burger to eat because I'm a big fan of mushrooms and truffle mayo and it was delicious! The meat was cooked to a perfect medium rare and the gruyere cheese complimented the burger really well. The fries it came with were seasoned and crispy as well! There are a ton of burger joints in Vegas and they are all over priced but I'd rate Holsteins up there as one of the best. I love the cute decor and the trendy atmosphere with its location right in the heart of the Cosmopolitan.
5	Hands down the best burger and shake I ever had. It was worth the money alil bit expensive but your in vegas what else do u expect.  The thai salad was so amazing the best steak salad I had it was cooked and season really well. It's a plus the restaurant was next to Marquee the hottest night club in vegas now. I will definitely be back to try more burgers
4	While the burgers and other menu items are good, the shakes with alcohol are the unique touch for here. Last time I ate there I tried the Cuban "street" taco and was a little disappointed: the taco was so thin and crispy that it shattered with each bite and left me with a handful of filling;about that, the mixture of shredded pork and ham ( although it wasn't really mixed, the ham was a slice under the pork) was under seasoned and dry. Good flavor otherwise. In past visits I was much more satisfied,so I still consider this a very good spot ( especially those spiked shakes !! )
5	Stopped by after a year away. They have updated the menu some, and the new bam-boozled shakes Rock! "The Fat Boy" may very well be my fav shake of all time. Worth a stop just for the shakes; the Fat Boy shake alone is worth another star....
4	They have the most delicious vegan burger I've ever had in my life. And their vegan shake is amazing! The first time I came here, I brought a non-vegetarian who was absolutely floored by how delicious the vegan burger was, and actually said it was the best burger he'd ever had. The Vegan Coconut Raspberry Shake is just awesome- it's topped with vegan marshmallow and fluffy vegan whipped cream that is divine.The second time I came here, which was recent, I brought a friend who's a huge skeptic of all things vegan, and even he admitted that the shake was actually wonderful, and better than the other (non-vegan) shakes he's had there in the past. However, they actually ran out of all their vegan burgers at that time, so we couldn't eat there. I suggest calling ahead to make sure they've got it in stock!
5	Best burgers in Vegas.. The Gold Standard is classic!!! The shakes are my new favorite part of the restaurant though. The coffee and cake shake is to die for and the fact that they mix bacon with chocolate simply blows your mind.
4	Over thousand reviews later WHAT could I add?? Well I will give it a go!! In the world of gourmet burgers whether on the strip or venture outside no shortage of quality spots get your burger on...Most part hit all of them exception of Umami or Guy Fieri. The thing that stood out the most for me is the atmosphere at Holsteins Shakes and Buns. It just screams good vibes, family atmosphere (between pasture and pastures of cows everywhere you look) cartoon characters interior decor, and far cry from all the other restaurants in the Cosmo. The prices are reasonable price or should say same like most of the other "gourmet" burger places $12-15. They do have the over the top foi gras burgers that not reasonable price. I came to Holsteins for recovery Volunteer meal after working the RnR Marathon with family. After seeing over 40,000 runners working hard that makes anyone hungry. Thankfully we had reservations cause anything on the strip on RnR day is madhouse. Just made even more impression that the service we had was awesome. The restaurant literally had no empty tables. Yet out waiter was very much on it! He did great job explaining the menu for couple first timers like me. Very attentive once we got our food making sure our glass never empty and checking see if everything was good. We even split the bill with different credit cards but never complain and still had smile at the end of the night.I ordered the Steakhouse Burger. It was really good. I was leaning towards some of the main stay popular choices. The more keep looking at the Steakhouse Burger not get off it. Their steak house sauce combine with tomato confit, cheese, and more just working out in my head delicious. I got my burger first impression was looks like DAM good burger. Sorry about no picture. I was starving going full volunteer shift my choice no break. It was the perfect recovery meal. The size is nice. It not tiny nor over the top huge burger. All the burgers comes with choice of side. Free side that worth star by itself considering most of the other gourmet burgers spots just paying for the burger. The burger was cooked perfect medium just liked I ordered. The flavors was the perfect combination. Think of it as pepper crusted steak with creamy A1 sauce. Ok. It might not be doing it justice but just giving you idea. If not in the mood for burgers they got you covered from Salmon Burger (looking good also), veggie burger, or turkey burger. The shakes got to see the birthday cake (think that was it). I passed on the shakes. Talk about list! Am sure if shake fan they got you covered. Just for the 808. The cows reminded me of meadow gold taking the tour in 808. Cartoon character cows forget the name of two??
4	This place is great the lobster truffle Mac and cheese is the business and the shakes mmm.  I like the Nom nom burger with a fried egg and sweet potato fries
4	Fun place with great food!  We decided to come here before hitting up the club.  The DJ was playing hot music and everyone was vibing and having a great time!  Me and my crew ate some yummy apps and had some good drinks.  I loved the philly egg rolls and the steak quesadillas with kimchi.  Our sever Britney was really cool.  She got us our food and drinks quickly and she had a great personality.  Some badly dressed, married dude wandered up to me and my girls and bought us a round of Patrone shots!  Nice!!  This spot was ideal for people watching as it was right next to the line for Marquee nightclub.  The line was packed and watching wasted, scantily clad people is very entertaining.
4	This burger and shake place is so good! We've been here a few times now. The only reason I'm giving it a 4 star is because the burger I got this time wasn't as good. The atmosphere, and staff are awesome and staff is always on point with everything. Their shakes are mind blowing so make sure you try one of their shakes or you will be missing out!
5	Great service, food, and atmosphere. I got their specialty burger and it was to die for. The sweet potato fries were also very good, and the price was reasonable. I wish there was one closer to us back home.
4	WOW, one of my Favorite spots we tried during our weekend visit.  Great Burgers and Awesome Milkshakes, what more do you need?  How about Buffalo Chicken Dip (AMAZING) or Bulgogi Quesidillas (YUM).  I tried the El Caliente*  Burger - Beef Patty Topped w/ Pepper Jack Cheese, Pickled Jalapeno, Avocado, Pork Chicharrones & Tequila-Cilantro Mayo.  Yes Chicharrones, Never thought about mixing the 2 but man this was a memorable experience.  Very Cool concept and will return next time in Vegas.
3	I thought this place was just ok. It could have been what I ordered. I would give it another go.
4	I've been here a few times and feel like this place deserves a 4 because they continue to have good food and good service. We enjoyed our medium-well  burgers but next time we'll probably go with medium being that the patty could've been juicer.  But still, not bad. We split two burgers between the two of us since we both had mentioned we wanted to try them. The Fun-ghi burger was absolutely delicious! You can taste the truffle in every bite. Truffle and Gruyere cheese in the same burger? Perfection! The Gold Standard is their most popular burger and I can see why. They took the all-classic cheeseburger and deconstructed it. First, the cheese isn't just your typical cheddar, it's an aged goat cheddar. Second, instead of adding a thick slice of tomato, that usually creates a mess and ends up sliding out anyway, they added a tomato confit! Lettuce was replaced with arugula which gave the burger a lot of flavor. Bacon, bacon, bacon! And for the best part instead of plain mayo this burger had a garlic chive aioli. Ah-maze-ing! This changed the whole dynamic of the burger! Honestly, I don't even remember what the buns were like because I was too busy enjoying all the unique flavors inside. The only downside to our meal was that I was so excited to have the "unndon" cake for dessert that I skipped on the raved about shakes. I came to find that it was a seasonal item that is no longer on the menu. Seriously?! Until they bring that back I am not returning. Take a look at the pictures others posted of it and tell me that does not look amazing? If you don't think so, then there's something definitely wrong with you. Sorry. We ended up getting the Dulce de leche cheesecake because #1 I love anything DDL and #2 it said it had Frosted Flakes cereal in/on. Normally, I wouldn't even eat cheesecake unless it's the Godiva or S'mores ones from The Cheesecake Factory but the description made this one hard to skip. It had the perfect consistency, too! The densely moist cracker crust underneath tasted like a combination of crushed gingerbread man and snicker doodle cookies. Salivating much? For the perfect bite you have to start at the top, taking a bit of the whipped cream, FF cereal, cheesecake and then sweep it all up with the trail of oozing caramel sitting next to it. Yummmmm-meee!! Now remember, their desserts are seasonal so hurry in!
5	This place does not disappoint!  My husband and I shared the Gold Standard and Steakhouse burgers and the both of us were very impressed at how layered the flavors are, especially the Gold Standard!  I also had a vegan milkshake (I think it's the only one on the menu) and it was AWESOME!  I cannot wait to get back to Vegas to have another.
3	Their kimchi burger is interesting. But I may have been expecting too much, how can a burger place serve a good kimchi dish?? However, the burger itself is juicy and melt in your mouth.
1	Inattentive servers who seemed more worried about looking cute then service. I ordered the gold standard burger which was good, but just ok, and a coke. I was with a group of 6 and for some reason my burger wasn't delivered until after everyone at my table had finished there meal. Also, I was never given the coke after asking for it multiple times. When I got my bill (everyone had separate checks), the coke was still on and when I brought it to the servers attention, she said she would take care of it. I was then brought my change with a coke in a to-go container and it still on the bill. In addition to auto-gratuity it was $30. So not worth it! I recommend Gordan Ramsey Burgr across the street at Planet Hollywood!
4	If you're looking for a good pre game or post game spot, this place is ideal. They make a solid burger, good fries and the best alcoholic milk shakes I've ever had. The service is nice and the room is nice and clean. They hostesses are really pretty and the prices are right where you'd expect.
2	This place used to be delicious! After talking to the wait staff and prying them for information. It seems the managers/owner tried to cut cost by getting cheaper meats/items/etc.The last 2-3 times here the quality of the food has definitely gone down hill. I won't be coming back. I really did enjoy it so much before, but I won't be coming back for these expensive prices and lacking quality.They get a good reputation, then try to cut corners? They still pull in customers that go off the old rating? - oh well, I'll just go to bachi burger then!
5	I'm posting this review on behalf of my husband who has repeatedly proclaimed "best burger ever!!"  Group agrees though - burgers are delicious here!!
4	Popular casual dining spot in the Cosmopolitan hotel.Came here since hubby raved about their burgers here from a previous trip without me, so we stopped here for lunch. Kid friendly place.Huge selection of milkshakes that you can order with or without alcohol - I had the pecan turtle one... it probably has as many calories and fat as what I ate for the rest of the day, but definitely a nice treat. Rich creamy ice cream with all the goodness of pecans and chocolate as well! It's about $4 less than the posted price if you order one without alcohol.Their burger selection is impressive. I sampled hubby's classic gold standard and thought it tasted good. I had the funghi burger and the tastes went well together with a touch of truffle, but it was a bit too greasy for my liking.Delicious onion rings! Average fries.Good service and decent burgers but I thought it was a bit expensive for lunch (about $30 pp).
4	I had the Lamb burger, and my wife had I think the mushroom burger.  Our food was very prompt, tasty, and decently presented.  Definitely will be coming back here for a bite next time in in town!
4	Burgers, fries, and a shake. Give me those at Holstein's, and I'm a happy camper.It's located on the second floor of the Cosmopolitan in Las Vegas right outside of the Marquee club. One of my favorite places to get some food in Vegas.The service is a little below average, which is the only thing preventing them from receiving 5 stars. The server just seemed disinterested in serving not only us, but everyone around us.The food, on the other hand, is delish!Nom Nom Burger ($17.50)Chips inside a burger just reminds me of my childhood days when I used to do that with french fries. Throw in a fried egg for another dollar or two and this burger is golden. I get my burger medium-rare, and I'm in heaven when I'm devouring the Nom Nom.Vanilla Milkshake ($9)A little pricey, but you can share a milkshake with someone else. They give you a glass filled with the milkshake, and they give you the rest in a stainless steel cup, so it's like TWO millshakes. I don't like whip, so it's all milkshake and nothing else for me.I try to come here every time I'm at the Cosmopolitan Hotel. Nice place to get some food and even catch the game. And if you're really feeling a game, the sports bet is right across from Holstein's!
3	Love the bigs decor on the wall. Good hamburgers.Fries are great!
4	I am back for a 2nd year in a row! This time I tried the thai steak salad because I have been eating like no tomorrow on this trip. I needed some ruffage to counter all the food! The salad is on-point. The flavors reminded me of Thai yum (spicy sour) salads. We also brought 3 other newbies here and they enjoyed their meals as well. One of the better burger joints in Vegas.
4	This was our last meal in Vegas before heading to the airport and it was a great decision. The food was top quality for the price. It was a fun atmosphere without being too crowded. Great happy hour too. I would definitely go back after a long night of Vegas drinking.
1	Aside from the food poisoning and resultant vomiting and days of stomach upset that ruined my entire last 2 days in Vegas, this place is the bees knees!But bees don't have knees and I don't have a positive review in me for this place. 1 star for service, though. -2 stars for the awful DJ and exceptionally loud music. -countless stars for the fact that I'm still barely able to keep food down a week later. Also, the red velvet milkshake was terrible. The worst.
5	Great place, great service; Burgers don't get any better than this!
2	My friend and I first came here in August before seeing The Strokes at The Chealsea and we loved our meal so much we decided to come back this week before going to see Imagine Dragons at The Joint over at the Hard Rock. During our first visit I ordered the Turkey sliders and an Oreo shake so of course it was delicious, can't go wrong with a classic meal. However during this visit, I was highly disappointed in the price we paid for our meal. For this round I ordered the Turkey burger because I hadn't eaten at all that day and more for the fact I wanted to try something different, I also ordered the Pecan Cheesecake shake off the menu to try something new. When the shake came, sure it tasted delicious for the first minute but then I realized it wasn't a shake, just a bunch of milk as the taste of pecan and cheesecake disappeared by each sip and more and more milk & whip cream came to taste even after dumping it in the silver cup of seconds. I had wished I got the oreo shake but it was too late. While waiting for our burgers I decided to start munching on the complimentary seasoned popcorn which was so delicious that when they messed up and put the goat chedder cheese on my burger instead of the regular cheedar cheese, I filled myself up with popcorn, that "milkshake" and water so by the time my fresh better tasting burger came out, I was full and didn't even want it anymore. Maybe this review will get 4 or 5 starts on my third visit however right now I can only give 1 star to the waitress who provided excellent customer service and 1 star to the free popcorn. At least I know next time just to stick with the same old turkey SLIDERS and oreo shake....hopefully they still taste good.
5	Incredibly good. A short way into our burgers (Longhorn burger for me with brisket, cole slaw and pickles; a mushroom and gruyere burger for David) we said, wow, these are possibly better than any place except Umami burger. As the meal went on, we decided Holsteins was giving even the venerable Umami hatch green chili burger a run for its money. It was that good. I got the Longhorn burger because I love BBQ, even though I thought the idea of brisket on a burger was silly. It wasn't. The brisket was sliced thin, and was a bit crisp - almost like a super delicious bacon. And best of all, the BBQ sauce was not cloyingly sweet. A minor criticism, I thought the cole slaw disappeared and the pickles were too dominant - maybe the quantities need adjusting. David was similarly pleased with his burger, every ingredient was distinct and very tasty especially the mushrooms. One of us got fries and the other onion rings, both were good. Service was first rate. We didn't try the shakes. We were very impressed.
4	MOOOOO! This place is awesome for high quality tasty burgers. I agree with other reviewers that the place smells kind of like a dirty mop - wtf?! Besides that, the Gold Standard burger was ridiculously good and HUGE. I was so lucky I had all that burger goodness in my stomach since I drank probably half a bottle of Goose at the Marquee (at a table, nonetheless!) I would definitely come back here if I stay at the Cosmo again. I would likely order a shake the next time since I was too full to order that during dinner. The appetizers are also pretty good. I had the bulgogi quesadilla and it was quite tasty but my only wish was that it was served warmer since it was lukewarm.
4	Fun place for lunch or dinner, good for a date or with a group! I was with my hubs, his burger was perfection and my Thai beef salad was pure YUM! The salad- a mix of hearty greens (think napa cabbage) and veggies. The beef is prepared to your liking, and is cooked perfectly. Honestly, the med-rare steak was great. Nice attention to detail, and very good. Fun spot with good food!
4	Surprisingly good burgers- then again, the restaurants at the Cosmo are generally of a high standard in the first place so it stands to reason that this one would be as well. In addition to burgers, menu includes shakes (duh), various appetizers, salads, and sliders. Note that shakes are available in regular as well as alcoholic versions.  Ironically, I found that the beer menu available here was more impressive than that found at B&B: Burgers and Beer.The Fun-Ghi: Beef Patty Topped w/ Forest Mushrooms, caramelized onion, Gruyere cheese, frisee, & Truffle mayo. Sorry Anthony Bourdain, but I'm on board the truffle appreciation train, and this is flipping delicious. Would get this again, without hesitation.The Longhorn burger: Beef patty topped with Texas smoked beef brisket, whiskey barbeque sauce, coleslaw, and dill pickle. This was BF's choice and as a Texan, I'm a bit more discerning about my brisket. A tasty choice, but not something I'd order again.Appreciated that all burgers come with a side of fries- upgrade to onion rings or sweet potato fries for a $2 charge. Even given Strip upcharges, felt pricing was fair for portion and quality given here. Service at the bar was friendly, attentive, and helpful with suggestions for a good beer based on our drinking preferences.
4	Loved my salty burger. The entrance smells like a dead fish!! Service is not the best But they've kept the quality burgers. The only problem was in a group of 5 that we each had a different burger at the same time we all agreed they were all very salty.  Overall good quality burgers.
5	This is now on my list as one of the best restaurants I've dined at in Vegas, and one of the best burgers I've ever had. My friend and I split the Gold Standard and were shocked to find out we could order it with a house-made gluten-free bun (score!). We also split the Moscow Moo milkshake with an extra shot of vodka for good measure. Our server Fabrixio (AKA Fab) was just that (fab) and even brought us out some extra goodies, including a creme de menthe meringue infused with liquid nitrogen at the end of the meal. When you bite into it, green "smoke" comes out of your mouth - so cool and super minty and refreshing. Highly recommended!
3	This review will be based only on the burgers. Since Christmas day basically consists of my mom and my boyfriend, we decided to spend some time walking on the strip and grab lunch at Holsteins.I ordered the Crazy Bird ($16) which was OK - not terrible, but not something I'd order again either. It was a chicken breast burger with kettle chips (more like kettle crumbs), a pickled shallot (? .. it was something pink), lettuce, and tomato. In the description it listed garlic aioli which is why I leaned towards ordering that item, but I honestly really couldn't depict it in my bites.Mi madre went with Captain Hook ($17) - a salmon burger with lettuce, tomato, the pickled pink stuff, and smoked salmon. That was much more worth the money and if I ever paid a visit again, that's probably what I would order. The salmon wasn't dry and the smoked salmon actually complemented very will with the grilled salmon filet, giving the burger a strong salmon kick.My boyfriend went with the Big Fat Greek ($17) - a burger basically with all the ingredients you'd find at a Greek restaurant like lamb, feta, lettuce, tomato, and tatziki. That was pretty tasty as well if you don't mind a hint of gaminess from the lamb. The boyfriend quite enjoyed it but said it didn't hit the spot like he hoped.There were definitely other options I would've been keen on trying but the average pricing was $18 for all other types of burgers and I just don't care that much about burgers to spend close to $20. All comes with a small personal-sized bucket of fries or you could sub it for sweet potato fries or onion rings for an extra $2.The bill came out to be $70 after taxes and tip... that's pretty rough in my opinion but I guess I shouldn't expect any less from restaurants on the Strip. Would I come here again? Sure if my out-of-town friends dragged me. As for the shakes, I think they are definitely worth a try since some of the concoctions are pretty interesting and unique (not to mention it also includes liquor) if you don't mind spending the extra $13. As for me, a non-drinker, I'll just stick to off-strip joints for any burger cravings...
5	Really good food and great service. I wouldn't complain about the price because it is Vegas and they do offer quality ingredients. I'd stop by for a lunch or early dinner. Not a place you would get too dressy for but a great place to get a burger.I went back later for their alcoholic shakes ... Out of this world.
4	I Like Your Buns Hun***************************This was quite a nice hidden gem at the Cosmopolitan that I have discovered.  In contrast to Gordon Ramsey's BurGr, this place is not as crowded.   I felt I had a lot of elbow space.  I sat at the counter, but there were nice comfy looking couches in the restaurant.  I ordered the "Holstein Beef Tiny Buns" with american cheese.  Basically 3 sliders.  I have had my share of sliders in the past, but these were well above average.  To paraphrase Harold and Kumar, " those itty-bitty grilled onions that just explode in your mouth like flavor crystals every time you bite into one."   The fries were nothing special.  I see myself coming back to this place for a quick meal break after playing blackjack.
4	Not a bad spot to hit before the club.  I had the burger with Brisket, with an add on of gruyere and bacon.  The burger was cooked well, but it was a little bland on flavor.  The brisket needed a little kick of something.  The onion rings I had with my order had a really crispy batter.
5	I got the rising sun burger and it was BOMB. Teriyaki meat with avocado. It had a crunch with fried potato (?). The meat was a tad bit on the saltier side but overall the burger was one of the best burgers I have consumed. This place is quite expensive so expect to be spending aroun $20+ burger afer tips and tax. Nevertheless, it lived up to the hype.
5	This place is AWESOME!!! The portion is just right, free popcorn, burger is as good as the Gordon Ramsay one without 1 hour of waiting!! :)
2	Horrible service. We received our milk shakes melted after waiting 35 minutes for them. We also ordered fries but never received them and waited another 25 to get our check. Milk shakes we're okay but not great for the bad service.
4	We felt like burgers and happened upon Holsteins. The food is pretty good and the atmosphere is fun. My boyfriend had the golden ticket burger: goat cheddar, bacon, arugula, confit tomato and added a fried egg. He's a chef in LA and hard to please, but enjoyed it for the most part. He asked for medium rare and it came medium. But again, he's hard to please! I had the beef sliders add goat cheddar and it was delicious! We also tried the Cuban street tacos which were also very tasty. Lastly, we ordered the maple bacon shake with whiskey which was, again, tasty! Great service as well. We would go back to try the fois gras burger!
4	Both delicious and affordable! Its about $16-20 a plate (all the burgers come with fries as well). I got the Crazy Bird (I think that's what it was called) which was the chicken burger. It had candied shallots, garlic aioli, cheese, lettuce and kettle chips. I ended up scraping the candied shallots off because I didn't like them much but everything else was spot on! My favorite part, however, was the French fries. Absolutely delicious. They didn't taste like fake packaged potatoes you get at a lot of other places and the serving size was good! The service was good, I don't know our waitress' name but she was fast and attentive. Cons: The food took quite long to come out. But I will also mention that it was Saturday night, it didn't seem too busy to me but hey this could've been why. This was the main reason I gave 4 stars instead of 5 stars. The shakes are overpriced. $9 for a basic shake. The popcorn they gave didn't really have a taste, but hey it was free so can't really complain there. Overall, good experience here. I would recommend this place when you don't want a big buffet but want a good meal. You'll leave here full for less than $20 if you don't add on any extras!
3	Excellent Char-broiled Burgers and Great Shakes. Loved the crunchy buttermilk onion rings. Sports bar too so fun affordable spot to hang and inhale the Testosterone!  ;-)
4	Looking for a fancy burger and shake place, with a mid-range price? This place is great, if you happen to be near the cosmopolitan. The regular or 'spiked' shakes are great, definitively filling. They fill your cup and you have half the shake mixing cup full with more. If you must try and have a small stomach-share one! Especially when you want to enjoy your burger. Al the burgers are good, depending what you have the taste for. For any pallet there is a burger for you.Atmosphere is nice, chill and casual. No need for "club" attire, so perfect for something while out on or after sightseeing. If you want to so more than just drink a shake or have a beer and actually want to eat, don't sit in the lounge area. The (coffee) tables are too low to properly eat a burger. If you don't want to eat stuff off your lap, then you should get a seat at the bar or the dining area. Otherwise there is nothing bad about this place.
4	Great Burgers.I had the,Billionaire BurgerKobe Beef, Foie Gras, Port Onion Marmalade, Frisee, Truffle Mayo.Was fantastic.Try the Booze Shakes.Also very Tasty.A must if in the mood for a great gourmet Burger.Would for sure eat here again.
4	Let me start of by saying this is probably one of the best burgers I've tasted so far! Located at the Cosmopolitan hotel it was very easy for my boyfriend and I to walk downstairs to this place. The atmosphere was fun and lively. It had a bit of a kidish environment with all the painting of cartoonish cows on the wall (personally I think it was so cute and adorable). Friendly staffed. My boyfriend ordered the Funghi burger and I had the Rising Sun. I'm not a huge fan of truffle oil so I stuck with my Rising Sun which was a version of a teriyaki burger of some sort. Both were good. In the beginning of our meal they brought us some cheddar popcorn it was really good complimentary of course. Last but not least we had to order one of their famous milkshakes boozed it up Vegas style duh! We had the Fat Boy. Haha it was pretty fatty. Can't wait to go back next time!
5	Do not order anything else but the following: 1. Funghi Burger with egg! 2. Buffalo wings ... The rest is up to you but those two are a must!! The restaurant is chill, and you can never go wrong with some hamburger and good old american food right here in Marquee. Our waiter was amazing as well, he had some good suggestions and he was so kind when we told him we were not a fan of the bulgogi quesadilla which is pictured in my yelp review here. I don't recommend the bulgogi quesadilla!!! I just was not a fan.
4	Two words... Gold Standard. Amazing burger! You will not leave hungry. The fries were great, HUGE selection of drinks. Try their adult milkshakes!
5	I usually don't like to eat on The Strip when I'm in Vegas, but I was tempted to check out this place. I loved the cow art all over the restaurant. Our waiter was very attentive and the service was amazing. Yes, these buglers are not cheep, and your bill will probably go up if you're drinking, but then again it's The Strip. I had the Gold Standard, which was one of the best burgers ever. The meat was delicious and the goat cheese complimented the burger perfectly. My friend had the burger with pork rinds and oaxacan cheese, which was so good. It was my heavy at all it was actually perfect. I really wanna try their adult shakes next timeI'm there. Great beer selection also. They know their beers and burgers which is an A+ for me.
5	COOLEST PLACEThey had sick art work everywhere  prices where kinda highportions where gigantic  or  (depending on how you take it) the location is hopping, loud, active and there's a night club next door AMAZING BURGER great service
5	10 stars!!!!! Hands down best burgers ever!  I came here two nights in a row because the food was so good. Rising Sun and Long Horn are best! Great flavor! It would be an insult to put ketchup or mustard on this burger.  Good food, good service, awesome place!!!!!! Come down immediately  !!!!!!
1	I ordered a Holstein's Lager hoping to get a good beer I can't find everywhere. Beer came and it was completely flat and totally skunked. I told the waiter and he instantly replaced with a good beer. As he was doing that, he told me it was really just PBR. Selling old, flat PBR as a house beer? Don't bother coming here for anything original
3	I was really excited to try Holsteins because the menu looked great, there are a lot of highly rated reviews, and the restaurant has a fun vibe inside. While the other yelp reviews give the place 4 stars, my experience didn't live up to this expectation. This was mostly due to the lousy service that we received. Our service wasn't terrible and our server was nice, but we had to ask for the complimentary popcorn to be brought to our table and ask on multiple occasions for our water to be refilled. In general, our waiter wasn't rude, but didn't seem to care about our experience here. The menu is very unique though and the food that we tried was good. I wasn't in the mood for drinking, but the adult shake menu looks amazing. I was eyeing the turtle cheesecake shake, because who doesn't want to just drink a cheesecake with booze in it? My boyfriend and I were just in the mood for burgers so we ordered the Rising Sun, which had kobe beef with yam, teriyaki sauce, and tempura avocado and the Longhorn burger with brisket, BBQ sauce, and cole slaw. I was actually slightly disappointed with the Rising Sun burger, but the Longhorn one was delicious. We got regular fries and sweet potato fries and these were good, but not amazing. We had good burgers here, but unfortunately the high expectations that I had were not met. I'd give this place another try and I'd definitely come back for one of those shakes!
4	If you like burgers, beer and shakes thisis the place for you.Menu is awesome, food is delicious, beerselection is good. The only reason for notgiving this place five stars is service whichcan be improved a little.My favorite was a Big Fat Greek burger. If you like lamb and gyro, then this burger isfor you!Def will be back
4	Overall the food tasted great: lots if flavor and variety. However, there aren't any vegetarian appetizers. So here's my advice, skip the appetizer and split one of their creatively delicious milk shakes. I got the tiramisu (virgin) and it was enough to split between two- they even put it in two glasses when we asked. You can substitute any burger with a vegan patty.  If you like spice, go with the machete burger. The vegan patty was flavorful and crunchy on the outside.
5	This was one of my family's favorite restaurants while in Vegas; we loved it so much, we came here twice (once for dinner, once for dessert). Both times, we had fantastic service, with really nice and attentive servers. We liked how, instead of bread, they put a bucket of pizza flavored popcorn on the table. Big hit with the family!The menu is awesome! Hubby had the Longhorn burger and loved it. He also ordered some obscure Belgian beer and said it was the best beer he's ever had. The kids shared a burger (I forget which one). The loved it. Note: we asked the server to cut the burger in half but she said the health code prevented her from doing so, we'd have to do that ourselves. Interesting. I had the Holstein beef sliders. Delicious. Maybe I'm used to higher prices, being from Seattle, but we felt the prices here reasonable for the quantity and quality of the food. Totally reasonable. We returned a few days later for shakes. OMG, the family went crazy for the shakes. You can order their "Bam-Boozled" shakes without the alcohol. One kid had the Coffee and Donuts shakes; it came with a donut hole in it and chocolate espresso beans. She was up all night but in an blissful state. Hubby had the Drunken Monkey, and it was agreed upon, this was the best damn shake anyone had ever had. Each shake was enormous - definitely enough for 2-3 people to share. Amazing place!
4	I LOVE the burgers here! Coming from all the amazing burger joints in LA, I would say Holstein's has my second favorite burgers ever. It beats Umami Burger for sure, is on par with Bachi Burger, but Father's Office still wins. Nothing could beat Father's Office.Anyway, Holstein's is fabulous in it's own respect. The restaurant is casual and comfy; decorated with cute little cows. Prices are on the more expensive side at ~$15-20 per burger with a side of fries but it is located in Cosmopolitan so I think it's pretty fair for Vegas prices. Service is only mediocre to me since the waiters check in too slow at times so that's why I'm giving it 4 stars.I've tried the Gold Standard and the Rising Sun burgers.  Whenever I have these, oh man I am in burger heaven. Gold Standard has bacon, aioli, arugula, and aged goat cheddar cheese on top of a sirloin burger. The Rising Sun has a teriyaki glaze with Kobe beef and tempura avocado!! The avocado seriously is amazinggg. I definitely recommend these two burgers. Not only are the burgers the bomb but the alcoholic milkshakes are too!  You can also ask them to be non-alcoholic if you really want that. They have a variety of flavors that they rotate around. You really can't go wrong with any of them. I've had the Frozen Grasshopper, Banana Creme Pie, and Red Velvet before and they were all yummy.  Overall a fun restaurant with delicious burgers and milkshakes perfect for your Vegas gluttony!
4	Since The Cosmopolitan didn't exist last time I was in Las Vegas, we wanted to check it out and we stumbled upon Holstein's, a restaurant that specializes in shakes (both alcoholic and non-alcoholic) and burgers. It's like the Shake Shack or Good Stuff Eatery on the East Coast. Instead of bread, there was a medium sized pail of mixed popcorn - BBQ cheddar and regular. It was a bit too early for an alcoholic beverage so I got a Strawberry Malt (which consisted of strawberry ice cream and milk mixed together and topped with whipped cream and strawberry meringue. For starters, we shared a Caesar salad (which consisted of purple and green romaine lettuce, croutons, and shaved grana padano cheese tossed in a garlic-parmesan dressing. It was topped with two, small, thinly sliced bread with melted cheese. For entrees, we ordered the following burgers: Captain Hook and California Turkey. They allow customers to substitute the regular fries for sweet potato fries or onion rings for an additional $2. The sweet potato fries were served in a small pail. The Captain Hook burger consisted of pan seared salmon cooked to medium and glazed with remoulade sauce, smoked salmon, fricassee, and red colored pickled shallots. The California Turkey consisted of turkey party with parsley and spices, sprouts, tomato, avocado, cucumber, thinly shredded coleslaw, pepper jack cheese, and Russian dressing.
1	My friend  and I were craving burgers and staying at the cosmopolitan- the rating on Yelp seemed good and the menu was just my style. However the food ( wish I took pics) was rather disgusting. Well at least mine was. I ordered the turkey burger, comes with sprouts and avocado. But it came with a smear of guacamole that was absorbed into the bottom and top of the bun bun like butter would be; caramelized onions that were mon existent and more like translucent relish and sprouts that were mushed and all cooked into the gross concoction. Just the thought of it makes me sick because the super dry,  salty, grainy( like knuckle pieces)of a thick turkey patty kept me up all night burping it up. Even into the next day did I taste the awful burger. I was super duper sick. Sweating nauseous x10 and just wanted to die kinda sick.Do NOT order the turkey burger.Unfortunately we had gross food. This is bound to happen at a lot of places ; but it literally made me sick. I have used yelp for years but never gave my two cents. Since I lost two days in vegas due to this restaurant ....I had to share:(
5	Meating time.There are burgers, and then there are BURGERS.  Holsteins serves one of the best burgers I've ever eaten. and overall I had a positive first time experience enjoying good food with great company.LOCATION:  Second floor of the Cosmopolitan Hotel.On my recent trip, I visited Holsteins for lunch with two friends, one of whom had previously dined last year.  We decided to meet when they opened, and its a lucky thing as we did since a small line had already formed before their 11am opening.  Thank goodness for being early.  In this case, the early diner gets the burger.FOOD:  There were three of us and collectively we ordered the Gold standard burger, the California turkey, and the Big Fat Greek.  All burgers/sandwiches were served with fries.  I was initially unsure on what to order, but thanks to a glowing recommendation from our server, I decided on their award winning Gold Standard Burger.  The Gold Standard Burger is aptly named, and worth its weight in gold for that matter.  This has to be one of the best burgers I have ever had.  This dry aged beef sirloin (smoked bacon, goat cheddar cheese, tomato confit, arugula and garlic aioli) was prepared well, while the goat cheese didn't bother me that much, though other reviewers have stated otherwise.  I thought all the condiments served complemented the burger well.  My taste buds were quite happy indeed.  The fries, sadly, were just ok in my humble opinion.  The burger was the true shining (gold) star at lunch.As for my two friends, I believe they enjoyed their burgers too, as evidenced by the nearly spotless plates at the end of the meal.    Overall, we all enjoyed our meal/food.SERVICE:  The hostess was quite friendly and promptly showed us to our table.  The server was a friendly and polite young woman.  She greeted us and took our drink orders.  She also recommended some appetizers and milk shakes, but we all decided to order just burgers and fries.  As previously mentioned, the server made such an enthusiastic endorsement regarding the Gold Standard Burger, and I thanked her more than once for her recommendation.  She  provided extra napkins, provided drink refills, checked on us periodically throughout the meal.  BOTTOM LINE:  Great food and great company.  I strongly recommend the Gold Standard Burger.
3	They should rename this place Holsteins Beers and Buns. The beer selection was amazing and our waiter was extremely knowledgeable in all 132 beers! After ordering our beers, it was time to pick a burger. I had the nom nom burger. This was Kobe beef, cheddar cheese, potato chops and 1,000 island dressing. I wasn't impressed with my burger, it was just okay. I asked for medium and it came out well done so my burger was pretty dry and lacking juices. My boyfriend got the steakhouse burger (Beef patty crusted with black pepper, Holsteins creamy steakhouse sauce, tomato confit, marmalade onions, wild mushrooms, and Swiss cheese). This was much better than my burger! However, he ordered medium rare and it was more cooked than he wanted. We both got fries with our burgers and they were just okay. We like our fries more crispy. Our favorite part of our meals were our beers. We are interested in coming back for another drink sometime!
5	Great place! I love the atmosphere of this restaurant. It's fun, vibrant, and full of energy. The artwork is pretty fun to look at, and the service was good. I came here for my 23rd birthday with some friends. They definitely need to organize their waiting lines better though. The was some confusion because the menu was right in front of the hostess desk,and people were crowding around it. I waited for 15 min behind these people, thinking it was a line, but no, they were just crowding and didn't bother to say anything though they all saw us standing there. Anyway, food was great! I ordered the gold standard burger and the birthday cake bamboozle shake. I'm not a big fan of bacon on my burgers, but damn, that burger was /amazing/. It was juicy and cooked to by perfection. The buns were soft, warm, and buttered generously. My friend ordered The Rising Sun. He doesn't even like burgers much (and came for the alcoholic shakes haha), but he just ate everything and proclaimed it all delicious. The shake actually tasted like birthday cake and gave me a mild buzz. They also give you the shaker it was made in, so it's pretty much two shakes for the price of one. Friends ordered maple bacon shake and smores shake. The maple bacon had pieces of chocolate-covered bacon in it, which was strangely delicious. Smores tasted exactly like smores. I wish I had the stomach for dessert because everything they had on menu looked great. I'm definitely coming back here, so I'll make sure to order some next time. Conclusion: Definitely try this place out! Prices are reasonable for what you get, and food is delicious!
3	I will give them credit on the fact the food did taste good. However, the portions size for a burger joint is pretty sad. They give you a small bucket with French fries to make the burger seem much larger than it actually is, but once you pick it up it's about the size of something off the dollar menu at McDonald's. The decor was a mix of nice restaurant and tacky paintings of cows during the final bookaki scene. It was quite disturbing. I also found it odd the hostess was wearing a nice black dress and the waiters wore button downs and black ties but the female bartenders were dressed for a pedophiles paradise, with hot pink short, knee high socks, sneakers and blue v-neck t-shirts. Their only redemption is the Their decent vegan burgers and large milk shakes. I wouldn't suggest this place
5	This place is the best, and to celebrate my new found duke-Dom 2 shakes are in order tonight. My personal favorite is the venerable campfire s'more.
3	Located in the Cosmopolitan hotel. The things to get is located in their title: shakes and bun. It's not a bad place but I do however think I rather spend my money at Bachi than here. Considering that their milkshake(booze or no booze) it's $9 and $13 if it is, that's just way too expensive even if it does taste good. Obviously recommend the Cookies and cream and they even serve you the rest in an other cup since it doesn't fit the whole cup. The burgers are okay. I got the longhorn burger and it was too heavy. The sauce was kinda drench making the buns a bit too drench. I had a bite of the Nom Nom Burger, I would recommend that a lot more. Still, bachi's burgers are a lot better and more fresh imo.
5	Really cute vibe. Not surprising since it's in the cosmopolitan! The gourmet burgers are just that...gourmet. I love love brioche buns, and they have so many different variations. The fries and onion rings are awesome. But by far, my favorite part of going to Holsteins is their boozey shake. I have had the chunky monkey (peanut butter and chocolate). It is really good and one of their best sellers. However my favorite is the smore shake. vanilla ice cream, chocolate syrup, marshmallow vodka, topped with whip cream, dusted with graham cracker crumbles, and garnished with a toasted marshmallow. OMG! A dessert that makes you tipsy. That's vegas, baby!
4	Burger place inside the Cosmopolitan. With eclectic variety of cow cartoon characters on each table and walls.This place doesn't over hype the faire but is worth the visit. Prices are competitive if not better than some of the other Las Vegas burger restaurants. There wasn't much of a wait for the day we stopped in. Staff was friendly, prompt and checked in frequently enough. We ordered an appetizer to share and each ordered a different burger. Staff also took our drink orders which were refilled quite a bit. The burger I ordered was the house popular one. Ordered medium rare and came as desired. Plenty enough seasoning, well flavored and paired with fries to our enjoyment.Good: food, service, and ambience. Bad: nothing at this time.I would come back.
5	Wooooooooow this place is SO GOOD. Probably the best gourmet burger I've ever had! Got the Rising Sun bc it just sounded amazing and man, it was so good. I also had the campfire milkshake and holy shit, I love alcoholic milkshakes. It sounds so wrong but tastes so good. It's a must guys. Gotta do the milkshakes. And they give you a lot so you're bound to take it to go and bring all the boys to the yard.
