4	As a vegetarian, this restaurant is all wrong for me. However I came here for dinner w/ 4 others and didn't pay a dime of the bill so I was fine with it. The others (rest were non-vegetarians) seemed to enjoy their food and our waiter was excellent. The place was quite nice and we had a great view of the famous Bellagio watershow so I was entertained as well as enjoying the several side dishes/appetizers that I ordered (obviously couldn't order the steak) and washed it all down with decent wine.
4	This place has two of the three qualities of a great restaurant.  Quality of food and ambient atmosphere.  They lose out where price is concerned but if you want good dry aged grade a beef with the Bellagio water and light show in the background, you're going to have to shell out some clams.  This place also knows about foie gras and truffle mashed potatoes if you're into that sort of opulence.
4	This is a great restaurant, especially if you are meat eater.  I was not overjoyed with my two salads, but what can you expect at a steak house?  Great ambiance.  Excellent service.  The wine list did not get me excited, but then again, wine's that go well with steak are not my thing.  I probably won't go back, but only because I don't love steak.
2	Over priced, over wrought, over hyped, and under performing.  The food is OK but nothing to brag about.  Everything on the menu outperforms the meat.  There are a great number of places that I would go first to fulfill my protein desires.For an equal, if not better, view of the fountains go to Picasso!
3	This is a soft 3 stars. I was pretty underwhelmed by Prime. I ordered a medium 12 oz fillet and it was a lot closer to medium well than medium. Had it been a lesser establishment, I might have sent it back. I didn't want to cause a scene, though.In terms of sides, I really enjoyed the herbed fries -- they were quite tasty and a good complement to the steak. Dito on the house steak sauce -- it was the best of the four sauces they presented.Oddly enough, the highlight of the meal was the seafood platter appetizer -- huge crab legs and lots of lobster. Very tasty.They should maybe rethink the name and change it to (sub) Prime or something -- a steak house should excel at steaks.
4	Great service, food, and ambiance. They offered to hold c*&% when I went to the restroom. Request to have dessert & drinks after dinner on the terrace overlooking the fountains. Don't order the signature shellfish platter, $50pp. I didn't care for the butternut squash soup or artichoke salad. The braised veal was the best, then the veal porterhouse, then the lamb chops, then the filet mignon. I'm more of a rib-eye guy. The meats were tender and flavorful and liked the sauces. Dessert was good too. Liked the banana bread, chocolate cake, and cable cars. Did not care for the cheesecake so much.And guys bring your purse, they have little tables where you can place them.Best dishes I had: braised veal, scalloped potatoes with gruyere, truffled mash, lamb chops, veal porterhouse, cable car, banana bread
5	I have eaten here about 8 times and I can safely say this is the best steakhouse that I have been to. I have also eaten at the neighboring Picasso which is great but doesn't come close to Prime(unless you are talking about the art on the wall). While not cheap (and not meant to be), Prime is flawless in terms of food, atmosphere, service, and has a comprehensive wine list and knowledgable sommeliers.While I am not a fan of ordering massive seafood platters where the restaurant gets huge margins on serving you a couple meager crustaceans on a heaping bowl of ice, I must say Prime's shrimp cocktail and Florida stone crab (when in season) are as good as it gets. Their accompanying sauces are also phenomenal.The steaks are nothing short of perfect. I usually go with a small 8 oz. filet which is cooked rare plus and is very dense yet tender and consistent throughout. Their steak sauces are unparalleled. My personal favorite is the soy rice wine sauce... simply amazing. Their sides are solid - I keep it simple with mashed potatoes and asparagus.I have read some reviews of Mastro's in Bevelry Hills which gets 4-5 stars per review. I have eaten @ Mastro's twice and was not excited by my meal either time. In my opinion I would eat @ Prime any day over Mastro's and I could not recommend a finer steakhouse in Vegas.
3	After carefully researching LV steakhouses - and having been to a good many before - we decided on Prime for dinner before seeing Love a few weeks ago.I am giving it three stars on a straight ratings system.  Grading on a curve, using other top-end steakhouses as a reference, I would give it two stars.The food was good, but not great.  The small lobster tail in my $100+ (DANG!) surf and turf was overcooked.  I've never sent anything back at a nice restaurant before and I rarely send anything back period, but that had to be resolved.  Staff was cool about it and handled it perfectly.Service was good, but not amazing.  Our waiter was nice enough, but was not allowed to taste the bottle of wine that we brought, which was kind of a drag.  We never even smelled the somalier.  Where the eff was (s)he?Finally, as we finished dinner and the wildly overpriced Chteau DY'quem, we were asked to move out to the frikken patio!  The restaurant was nowhere near full.  Turns out, however, that last half an hour after dinner was the highlight of the meal:  we got to enjoy the water show, finish our wine and cast occasional glances at TV's own Tom Selleck sitting nearby.Unlike meals that I have had at other fine establishments, looking back, nothing about Prime (other than the patio scene) stands out to me.Here's the thing:  when dropping major coin of this sort, I expect to be dazzled.  Good does not cut it.  Prime just didn't dazzle me.
5	If you happen to win a lot of money in Vegas, or if you already have an abundance, head over to Prime Steakhouse at Bellagio's to pamper your palate.  We each had the $100 surf and turf and the window seat seemed like the best one in the house.  The service, food, decor, and atmosphere were all immaculate.  The water show was just as impressive as it was on PBS's New Years 2000 special, and we kept our table far too long drinking wine and eating a couple of desserts, which is probably why it costs so much to eat there.  There are not a lot of people coming and going...every one stays for a while.I would recommend Prime Steakhouse to anyone celebrating a special occasion or if you just won the lottery.
5	This place is amazing. :)  I had asked the conceirge for a restaurant recommendation when I was planning my Vegas trip and they had recommended this venue.  It was a totaly splurge for my boyfriend's birthday and to compliment the dining experience, I had tickets to Cirque du Soleil's "O" after dinner.The restaurant is hidden, and is the only restaurant at the Bellagio that does not have signage for the restaurant facing the Bellagio pool.  We had to ask hotel staff how to locate the restaurant, as to there not being any signage for the restaurant inside the Bellagio as well.The restaurant is an experience for all the senses.  The decor is beautiful and I had requested a window seat for my dinner reservation.  You are able to enjoy the Bellagio fountain while dining.  Service is impeccable.  We had a very knowledgeable and gregarious waiter.  It was definitely worth the splurge.  The total bill came out to be over $300 dollars including wine.We had both ordered filet mignon (I opted for filet mignon with foie gras) and a side of tempura, a side of truffle mashed potatoes, and a side of creamed spinach.  (I can't seem to recall our starters nor dessert.)It was a great experience and we can't wait to return to Prime.
4	just had dessert and wine here, fantastic stuff.  not getting into details but the lemon tart was awesome.  also, the view of the water show from the patio is breathtaking.  definitely go.
3	I love steakhouses and I had high expectations for the food and service and my party and I experienced mixed results.First the service.  It was cordial but totally lacking in enthusiasm and warmth.  The waiter was talking super fast and it felt like he couldn't get rid of our table fast enough because we didn't order some $500 bottle of wine.  Only one person drinks in our party of 5 so what can I do?  Asking for water was also annoying - Sparkling or still?  Still.  Bottled?  No, tap is delicious thank you very much.  (then look of disappointment on the waiter's face).The beef tartar & carpaccio and the tomato mozarella appetizers were good but not amazing.  I've had equally good at other restaurants.We all ordered steaks and the most disappointing was the filet mignon.  It was very tender but it had ZERO beef taste and it was overcooked even when I asked for medium rare.  The best was the Kansas grass-fed rib-eye.  The porterhouse was good but again, not amazing.  I've had better steaks at restaurants that are half the price of this place.  Heck, even the reserve aged steaks at Vons are better than the filet mignon here.The dessert selection was boring.  We shared the profiteroles and a cheesecake.  Not impressed.Also, one odd thing - the bread they serve is cold.  I prefer warm/toasted bread with my dinner.I guess this place isn't bad if your meal is comped by the casino or if you're on an expense account.
2	Totally not worth the price.  Typical filet - nothing special.  Creamed spinach and potatoes au gratin - nothing special.  Service - terrible.  OK, to be fair, OUR server was terrible.  We were seated and it took him 20 minutes to come take our order.  And by then a table of 15 was being seated in a private room near us, and our waiter disappeared at that point.  I guess he realized that better service to a table of 15 would bring him a bigger tip than from  a table for two.  What a joke.  So, while we waited for our meal, we watched as the private party's order of drinks and then appetizers arrived first.  We finally got our steaks, and after our meal we waited for 10 minutes before our waiter showed up again - at which time we decided to skip dessert and just get the bill.
3	I'm so torn on this place. The food - dang good...really really dang nabit good. Service - forget about it. I have to say that the manager and sommalier took care of us at the end when they realized how much of a jerk our server was but it really did leave a bitter taste in my mouth.3 of us went to this place instead of our usual tried and true Delmonico's at the Venitian. First thing we did was assess our budget. Looking at all the numbers, we figured we could spend just about $500 on our meal. We decided to go food heavy and budget on the wine (well, for this place that meant $100 for wine). Our server came by and I told him that we were on a wine budget and that we only had about $100 to spend and asked for some suggestions:me: '...can I find some good dry, full bodied reds for about $100?'jerk: 'If you look HARD enough'I'm all, are you for real right now? Then he starts going down the wine list (which is huge and pretty darn impressive) and picking out all the ones that are $100 just based on price. So I tell him that I read numbers really well and that what I want is a suggestion.Then we start ordering and my friend asks if they have lobster tail for the table to share. Jerk says they have small and large sizes even though it's not on the menu and then says he'll be back with the prices. Comes back pretty quickly and says, 'the large is $168 so you guys will probably want to small one if you really want one'. My buddy is pretty pissed at this point and just based on that comment he orders the large. Jerk doesn't let it go and tries to convince my friend to order the small saying stuff like, 'it's better for you to order the small one'. At this point we are all pretty pissed, but it's been over a year since I've seen my friends so we try to brush it off.The sommalier suggests a VERY nice silver oak for like $108 that turns out to be a really good wine so we're kicking back and enjoying our wine and the appetizers that came out super fast. The crab cakes were very good as well as the stuffed mushrooms. Everything cooked well with great flavors.The steaks were also on the money. I'm partial to bone-in ribeyes and this one was really really good. Rare-plus is the way to go if you want to full juicy flavor of this bad boy.I slow down after eating almost half the steak and start wondering where the lobster tail is... I wave down Jerk and and ask him when the lobster is coming and he runs off and comes back and tells me 10 minutes. So I start digging into him why it would take so long and find out the he never put in the order. What's worse, he tried to blame it on my buddy, saying that we weren't sure if we really wanted to order or not and that's when I had enough and went off on the guy. I can be an a$$ at times and this called for all my a$$ness to come out, especially since I was fueled w/ Patron and Silver Oak. I chewed him out and asked for the manager.Manager finally comes and she apologizes and all that stuff but at that point we were seriously fed up. I mean, I went on a rampage, brought up the service, asked if they were racist, asked if they didn't serve young people, you name it, I accused it. The only thing that kept us from leaving was that the food was so dang good. I couldn't leave my perfectly cooked bone-in rib. It just didn't seem right. I'm sorry.We ended up getting the lobster tail right away (delicious), ordered another side (on top of 3 others we ordered) and got 3 desserts. Molten cake - awesome, some italian cookie thingy with icecream in the middle - awesome, creme brulee - good. At the end I figured we completely blew our budget but the manager came by with the bill and it was far less than about 1/3 of what we should have paid. I think they comped everything but our steaks and appetizers. Was it worth the price? Not sure. Was it good? Heck yeah. Would I go back? Only if my friend pays again.
5	We have dined at Prime a couple of times, and it has never disappointed. The food is always incredible; the service flawless. Our last visit we shared a caprese salad, porterhouse, and creamed spinach. We topped our meal with an amazing bottle of wine. The location is just... sexy, and special. Definitely a great place to visit in Vegas.
5	Pricey, but we weren't disappointed.  We reserved online and got a table with a view overlooking the Bellagio fountains.  The seafood platter appetizer was delicious, featuring a variety of shrimp, clams, oysters and a huge crab leg and lobster tail.  The bone-in filet was excellent - perfectly cooked and full of flavor.  The lamb was a little less than spectacular, but still good.  Despite being completely full, we had the chocolate cake and lemon tart desserts. Both were exceptional.
2	The drone of hopeful millionaires waned as the six of us dipped into the paneled honeycomb of Bellagio's steakhouse, Prime. We had drifted away from the hoots and hollers of night owls and seemingly onto the set of a high budget film that hadn't decided whether its focus was Old Hollywood, Gone with the Wind or French Victorian. Blue, velvet drapes careened from ceiling to floor, busting from a girdle of gold chords that could easily fashion Scarlett's next dress. Fountains flitted outside the window like children intent on a game of tag and added just enough Disneyland amusement to complete this abstract portrait. Despite swiveled heads and rubber necks, we arrived at our table unscathed and dwarfed by an immense painting resembling Venus's sister (staring wide-eyed at our plates to ensure we ate all our vegetables). An ocean of carpet, thick enough to swallow any signs of dropped silverware, necessitated "Alice in Wonderland-like" gold knockers on the back of each chair for easy towing. Auditioning for the stereotypical role of "Jeeves", our waiter ascended with a raised nostril of disgust (Scene 1: sniffing dirty sweat sock) and upon ordering drinks (Scene 2: serving a stiff cocktail of contention), one of my culinary colleagues murmured, "I feel like the waiter thinks he's better than me." We laughed, but the apparent exasperation wasn't funny. Jeeves's superiority was stifling from the first wrinkle of his nose to his wafting stench of arrogance, and not only did it lessen our experience, but lowered the overall standard of the restaurant. A true upscale establishment ensures the customer's comfort at all costs and Jeeves couldn't even spare a dime.Our annoyance was overridden by a dining cart bearing silver orbs of secrecy, each cover lifted and replaced in the edible version of "find the queen". My fork first tore at symbiotic landmarks of top grade tuna and avocado wading in ginger/ soy with its light, rejuvenating effects similar to a Fountain of Youth (for the palate). The salad set posed an ordinary looking Caesar like a diminutive wallflower, but beneath his classic cover laid a defined body and final punch of citrus that lifted his status to "crowd pleaser Caesar". Unfortunately, the crispy goat cheese fondue did not rival Caesar for top billing and was a disappointment in concept and taste. This tomb of fondue bandaged goat cheese (head to toe) in a fried, phyllo sarcophagus that trapped the necessary tart-n-creamy catalyst. "The curse of teeth rotting sweetness" attacked an unassuming frisee salad with grapes and pear vinaigrette (its pungent antidote only inches away).The "meat and greet" came next with the promise of the protein packed main course that had led us here. My lamb chops, encrusted with chili crumbs, were ordered at medium rare, but arrived closer to rare. Still delectable, I ravaged them, dipping sporadically in the bevy of sauces accompanying the meal (barnaise, spicy pepper, etc.) The steak au poivre was paved with a thick asphalt of peppercorns (not a pothole of naked meat to be seen) with a potency that could remove tar. The tearing and coughing induced by this dish might be used as protection in a dark alley- the original pepper spray. Two of our other carnivorous constituents ordered the porterhouse- one requesting medium rare and the other medium. A couple bites into the meal, the medium rare "requestee" found himself in the middle of medium man's steak. Medium man had already manhandled the "mis-steak" placed before him (cooked almost exactly like the other) and munched happily on what he thought to be his order. This was inexcusable- not only did these prices demand perfection (around $50 a steak), but the moniker of "steakhouse" insists on the chefs' aptitude for mastering meat temperatures. This was a blunder that couldn't be overlooked as easily as Jeeves's snippy quips and would be the resounding memory of the meal (though thoughts of their lumpy, heavily salted mashed potatoes would be reminisced of fondly).I could now empathize with Dr. Malfi's attraction to Tony Soprano. I was immediately enamored with this piece of work's over-the-top and muddled alter egos, but inconsistency and a mafia sized payoff eventually marred my fond feelings. As Prime puckered for its "kiss of death" in my final farewell, I still admired its larger than life character, but couldn't trust Prime's rep enough to invest that type of dough.
4	The service was very professional.The Food - fantastic.  We shared a special seafood platter.  Crab, shrimp, oysters, lobster, and stone crab.  I had the rib eye.  It was very good and the sides were great too.  Simple, prime, and light seasoning.  I loved sitting near the windows watching the water show.One of the finest dining experiences I've ever had.
5	Very sophisticated food and service.  I highly recommend the filet and lobster.
5	A friend and I decided to venture to Las Vegas to celebrate our birthday's.  I didn't initially have high expectations on experiencing awesome dining but the minute we walked into Prime the service was excellent.  I can't remember everything we ordered due to the early start in intoxication, everything was so fresh and simply melted in my mouth, I can't stop dreaming about the best mashed potatoes that I've ever had in my entire LIFE!  When dining at Prime you must try the truffle mashed potatoes, they are to die for...!
2	Dined here once and only once.... several years ago, so things might be better now.  But ---Food was quite disappointing, especially considering that this place is located inside one of Sin City's premier casinos.  Steaks were overcooked (asked for medium but got a notch below well).The most disappointing thing about Prime, though, is the service and overall experience.  One guy serving our table.  That was it.  At the competition, one would would get a captain and a couple of "assistants" at their table.  But not here.  And the server was neither attentive nor professional.  Saw him maybe four times the whole evening.
4	I had the 18 oz bone-in rib eye steak.  There was a choice between the Bellagio buffet or this steak restaurant.  Wanted to save this place for a special moment, but the wait at the buffet was 45mins.  Hunger was a factor and there was a big price to pay for it as well.  The decor like the previous person mentioned is phenomenal.  A look out the window has you looking out to the lake / water show.  The steak was pretty good, but I still have to compare that Ruth's Chris is still better, even though they are a chain.  Although I usually order the New York steak at Ruth's Chris.Apparently they revamped the restroom to allow for more than on individual.
4	Lauren C's review of Prime described her waiter as a "Jeeves Wannabe," and she couldn't have been more correct.  And when I told the Sommelier I was taking the Level 2 exam after passing Level 1, but that I wasn't a "real" sommelier at the time, he practically scoffed.  The correct response is: "Good luck!"  I told the same thing to the Sommelier at Gary Danko last week, and he gave me his business card and asked how he could help.  THAT is how you treat a customer!Being a top-service-rated restaurant, even if it's super-high-end, means having servers that are professional, and knowledgable, but also cool and who act like "real people" at the same time  Example:  Go to Gary Danko.  It's a high end establishment, but people are just cool.  No snootiness, and they have a natural flow to how they interact, with a sense of humor as well.  Perhaps I was at Prime on an off-night, but other reviews have confirmed the same attitude.To Bellagio's credit, however, I must say that my experience at Picasso two years ago was unbelievable, and the service at Picasso blew me away.  Furthermore, the wine pairing at Picasso was one of the best I've encountered in my life.My Prime experience was overall a good one, saved by the bartender (I had a glass of wine at the bar before dinner, he picked one blind and I guessed it), and the unbelievable bone-in filet.  There was a little too much "rub" on the filet, as I'm a pureist with my steaks (like to have several bare bites before I go to sauces).  That said, I did try the four homemade sauces, which are pretty incredible:  bernaise, soy reduction, a mustard sauce, and peppercorn.  The bone-in filet is ginormous, and is an amazing cut of meat.  At $60, it's probably the best bargain on the menu, because a cut of that quality and size is very rare.Wine list is great, although they only have one Rioja; which shouldn't be the case with a list of that size.
4	I was very impressed with the quality of the steak and the atmosphere was nice. Had the 28 oz Ribeye and they cut it for us so that we could share. Sat right by the fountain but unfortunately we were there at 5:30pm so really couln't enjoy the show which looks better at night. It's not a Mastros but decidedly better than most in Vegas. Wine list had some really expensive selections on there but went with the waiter's suggestion which only cost 60 bucks.
2	Was very disappointed with the meal at Prime - Being THE steakhouse at the Bellagio, I expected more.  The decor was pretty nice - has a nice view of the fountains, not as nice as the view from Picasso, but ok.  The filet mignon was cooked well, but the flavor was lacking especially from a steak that is supposed to be prime quality.  The sides were just ehh... the citrus glazed baby carrots ended up being large carrots cut up into little strips - not impressive.  The dungeness crabcake appetizer was also disappointing - being a little too fried and lacking in flavor - definitely not worth the price.  Also tried the diver scallops with sweet pea ravioli - the scallops were overcooked and the vinaigrette sauce was way too overpowering for the dish.  The service was also a bit lacking - not of the quality that one would expect when eating at a high end steak restaurant.  Overall, would not go back
4	This is the one of the best steakhouse choices in Las Vegas.  Nine at Palms has better ambiance - if you are more into people watching and scene than the food I would choose there.  The steak here is top quality - I shared the porterhouse, sampled someone else's kobe (which was amazing), and, luckily, did not have to pick up the check!  Definitely a more low key, quiet atmosphere........I sort of felt like going into a food coma after eating vs. hitting the clubs to party all night (this is Vegas, after all).  One highlight was the patio outside for dessert - you get a close up view of the water fountain show at Bellagio, which is a different experience than seeing it from the street.  This was fun - and would also be a cool first date thing to impress.
5	This is definitely an expense account dinner.   We had a group of 8 people and the total bill with tip was $930.  Our server was very knowledgeable, albeit slightly arrogant.  The filet mignon was outstanding but the signature sauce they serve with it is TO DIE FOR.  The wine list is top notch.  The only thing I can complain about is they use wheeled carts to deliver food and they sometimes bumped into my chair.  I wasn't going to make a scene but it was a little bit annoying trying to take a sip of wine or a bite of steak and getting a little jolt.  They should move the tables a few inches if the cart cannot fit!  The decor is classic blues and golds and the view to the outside fountains is a nice touch.
2	I was there for a work dinner...I sat next to a co-workers wife who I did not know. We both ordered the 8oz fillet cooked medium; they both came back rare. We sent them back, which was no big deal, I had my sides on my plate and hers on her plate. They returned both our steaks, unfortunately they did not replete them on new plates AND they put my steak on her plate and her steak on my plate, we only knew this because we had different sides. VERY amature. Our server could care 'o less...he was probably upset that the wine we ordered wasn't $300 a bottle. I pointed out the error, they were semi-concerned. I didn't really complain, but wasn't too happy. The manager came over and apparently knew what happened, she graciously took both of our meals off the bill. I was appreciative. I would still not go back.
5	I can't have enough praise for this place. The service was impeccable. The food was memorable. The place is not cheap, but it was worth every penny. I can't wait for the opportunity to come back again. The mashed potatoes is a must. The filet mignon is tender and perfectly done. Nothing else to say! Can't wait to come back and do it again.
5	I think Prime deserves a 5 for their yummy interpretation of nourishment.  The Prime Steak Tartare Frites is an A+, The Tomato and Mozzarella Salad is de-lish , Asparagus Salad is good enough "to write home about", The Slow Baked Salmon heavenly, The Ginger Sweet Potatoes & Truffle Mashed Potatoes & Salt Baked Potatoes all fit for a king, The Creamed Spinach & Steamed Asparagus both savory, and the Porterhouse-Kurobuta Pork Chops- & Filet Mignon mouthwatering!!  Well worth the hundreds of dollars our friend paid for :-D!!!!!!!!  We were pretty tipsy but can 98% promise the food was amazing! OH, and the view is just spectacular if you're lucky enough to sit by the windows!
5	I don't even know where to begin w/ this place.First of all, it's beautiful.  Second, the staff is soooo nice - and not fake nice - like genuinely "I like my job" nice.But I digress.We ordered some Malbec (yeah, I know) to start.  We had the gruyere fritters (WTF!!), parmesan crusted chicken (which was gigantic, btw), and a filet and by the end of the meal, if I'd had pants on, they would have burst.  Literally.  Luckily I had on a dress, so I was safe.They brought out a chocolate lava cake and vanilla ice cream w/ a candle on it for my birthday (YAY ME!), and which I devoured in about 30 seconds flat.I have nothing bad to say about this place.  Except for maybe enforce your dress code.  Who let the douchebag w/ a tee shirt and ratty jeans in?
5	Wow. People who know me know I don't just hand out 5 stars. But this place was fantastic. The steak was without a doubt the best I have ever had in my life. Perfect in every way. My boyfriend comes here every time he goes to Vegas and reports they never have had an off day. I order the 8-oz fillet and asparagus and mashed potatoes. The potatoes were very creamy and the asparagus was asparagus. Really just speedbumps on my fantastic steak journey. Additionally they give you 4 sauces to have with your steak and I couldn't decide which was more delicious or if I just wanted to taste the fantastic steak on its own. Wow. Really. I am not a foodie but every bite I wanted to stop and savor. The steak was so good I almost forgot the mention the appetizers. I had salmon sashimi that was extremely fresh delicious fish. I thought the sauce was a bit much. But it was a great price for great cuts of fish. Plentiful and expertly presented. My boyfriend got the crab cake and it was a single cake for $24. The taste was smooth and creamy, but for 1 cake I was a little disappointed for him and stuck to my salmon sashimi.For the restaurant it is nice but not overly so. No pretentious feeling and a nice cozy place for a date. Decor is pleasant and chairs very comfortable. The wait staff was nice  and attentive but not disruptive.
3	A very good steak with one of the best views on the strip (but only a small number of tables that can enjoy same). . . Unfortunately, very good is as far as I go.  Three SMALL filets ordered.  Each was requested medium rare.  One was near med well, one was Med Rare and one was Medium. . . . .  unfortunately, pricing demands excellence.Oh - and, if you do decide to bring your own bottle of wine, check with the restaraunt first. . . . . anything that is on their list will not be poured.No problem with the policy !  But woudn't you think that if you're going to adopt that policy at least make the wine list available online through the web site.
5	This place surpassed my expections. Not only did they have our table ready when we arrived 15 mins early but the service was excellent.Everything we ordered was top notch except the lobster bisque it was a bit too salty for me.We ordered the signature seafood appetizer which was delicious. And we all got the surf and turf special.  We got a side of truffle mashed potatos (EXCELLENT) and creamed spinach. We didn't go to crazy when it came to desserts because we were so full but we did try the trio of sorbets.I highly recommend it best meal I've ever had in vegas
4	Yes, it is an excellent steakhouse....  the peppercorn new york strip was incredible.  the mashed potatoes were out of this world.   the sauteed mushrooms were the best I've ever had.Fancy/Dressy- yes.The service----  let's just say our server had mild anger management issues. I sinced it immediately,  I am a feeler and I picked up on his negative energy  immediately.I should comment that as the night went on the servers  attitude elevated, but I must say I am knocking off a star because of his demeanor and poor knowledge of wine.
5	Steak that's more tender than a newborn baby and tastier than Chelsea Clinton covered in chocolate. What? Don't judge me.Excellent service, excellent meal, excellent ambiance. You're coming here for steak, so don't be ridiculous and get anything else.PS. This is my 69th review. 69!
5	My boyfriend and I chose to celebrate our 1 year anniversary at Prime Steakhouse at the Bellagio and we are so glad we did. It was wonderful! First and foremost, the food was incredible. After we shared the salmon sashimi as an appetizer, I had the seared tuna and my boyfriend had the filet mignon. Both were tender, juicy and just as we ordered. We also split the family-style side dishes, wild mushrooms and truffle mashed potatoes as sides. I insisted on the mashed potatoes after reading about how great they were on Yelp! and everyone was right - they were even better than anticipated. So creamy with a special 'bite' to them that I find impossible to describe. You really have to taste it to believe it. Drooling as I write... but I digress. Prime has an extensive wine list and the excellent staff even surprised us with a 'happy anniversary' free dessert of lava chocolate cake a la mode. Everything from the ambiance to the service to the food was perfect. The incredibly romantic view of the fountains at the Bellagio which went off frequently throughout our meal made the night even more memorable and special and the waiter didn't even complain when we asked him take a photo of us. We had a hard time getting reservations even calling a month out - we had to choose between 5:30 or 10 p.m. so I recommend making reservations as soon as you know you will be in Las Vegas and celebrating a special evening. This restaurant should be saved for special occasions though as it was a very pricey meal! But if you want to impress, this is the place to come.
4	For a romantic dinner with a show, Prime is a primo place for just that type of situation. The restaurant sits right behind the Bellagio fountain show and if you are fortunate enough to get a window seat or sit out in the patio, it can be a very romantic evening. Even if you sit in the middle or back areas of the restaurant, you have a decent chance of seeing the water show as well but just not to its full potential. The service was simply amazing as most of the fine dining establishments in Las Vegas, however the food is a little hit or miss depending on what you order. AND like most fine dining in Vegas, it is extremely pricey as I had the custom made surf and turf style dish. The waiter for our evening made some excellent suggestions as far as cuts of meat and even some unique sauces which I tried and were amazed with. Again, service brought Prime up a notch with me otherwise I might not have rated it as high. Our group ordered the seafood bonanza (not the actual name but that is what it felt like) and it was simply crazy. From crab legs, jumbo shrimp and oysters ... just a hodge podge of seafood. It was good but I am not a fan of most of that stuff except the shrimp. I was also tempted to have the lobster bisque which I always enjoy at restaurants. The presentation was very nice however the soup itself was way too rich for my taste. Because of that, I didn't finish it which is very rare for me. It should have been toned down quite a bit but the lobster in the soup was very tasty. I did have the special order of the surf and turf which was a 6oz Kobe beef strip along with a lobster tail. The Kobe beef could have been cut with a spoon and simply melted in my mouth, I was amazed. I did order it medium as I like my meat but it came a little bit under but I didn't care because it just blew me away. The lobster tail was very good but what put it over the top was instead of using the butter, I tried this butter/shallot emulsion and it was amazing as well!!! Sides are a la carte and I do recommend the spicy mac & cheese. Never made it to dessert but that is ok ... I am stuffed. Soup: So so Main Course: AMAZING Sides: Great Favorite dish: Kobe beef (medium-rare) with lobster tail in the special sauce (which comes on the side). Go out and EAT!
5	BF brought me here for our anniversary dinner...may just have to keep him a bit longer.I will not let the little blue tiffany's box on the table cloud my judgement of Prime :)Since the BF 'knows' people, the chef came out and greeted us at what had to be the best table in the house, gorgeous views of the Bellagio fountain show.  The Chef then sent us out a Kobe treat he whipped up....oh my.  Kobe on top of Shitakes with a spicy black pepper mustard.  Oh baby!After that we had the 'fondue', which was delicious but quirky as I didn't get a little pot of cheese but rather a eggroll looking - cheesy treatBF got the surf n turf :)  Filet and Lobster, I just got the Filet.  Was cooked perfectly and so tasty.  I do recommend trying your steak naked before tasting all their great sauces - it is mighty good naked.We tried the mushrooms and Spicy Mac&amp;Cheese for our sides.  I fell in love with the Mac&amp;Cheese and BF is now on a hunt for the recipe.At the end we were surprised with a lava cake and homemade icecream...what a treat.Would definitely come back - everything was delightful.  Food, Service and Atmosphere.
5	There are plenty of reviews here but I'll quickly add my two cents.  Basically this place is fantastic but you are going to pay through the nose for it.  As long as you realize that, you'll be fine.The special that night was a bone-in filet that was incredible.  I've never had such a good steak and I am well-versed in the ways of cow chunks.  Also to die for were the truffle mashed potatoes.  I could have eaten a giant bowl of these myself.For an appetizer we had a giant bowl of seafood containing lobster, shrimp, oysters, clams, and king crab legs.  It was fantastic and would have made a nice meal by itself.The wine is expensive.  I didn't see a single bottle for under $70.  Be prepared to spend big.
4	I went to Vegas last weekend and found out my parents were going to be there as well and decided to mooch of them for an evening. Starving college student ya know? Well fortunately for me my parents and their friends were going to the Bellagio to eat at Prime and then see the show "O" which is amazing by the way! First of all, this restaurant oozes high class and high expectations. I enjoyed the ambiance and loved how you can view the water fountain show while enjoying your intense meal! Despite the fact that everyone at my table ordered the filet, I decided to go with the braised short ribs. Eh, they were okay, but my mom's filet was to die for. Thats why I only gave 4 stars. My meal was good but not as orgasmic as my expectations and but my momma's was perfect.Dessert was fantastic. I got the chocolate cake! If you an afford it, GO!
4	Great ambiance and great food.I've been there twice now and enjoyed their food and service both times.  I recommend their steaks and the truffled mac and cheese/mashed potatoes.The last time I went I got the filet mignon.  Two of my friends went with the Kobe NY strip (yes, the $300 variety).  I had a piece of each of theirs and it quite literally made my $50 filet taste and feel like a piece of beef jerky.
5	My wife and I spent our first anniversary in Vegas last weekend and had dinner at Bellagio's Prime Sunday night. We're both lovers of steak and felt it would be a good way to start the night.From the moment we arrived at the restaurant we were well taken care of, we got a booth immediately in a quiet room with a few tables that looked out onto the Bellagio fountains. While we couldn't hear the music outside, it was still nice to look out and watch the fountain shows while we enjoyed the atmosphere.We opted to skip appetizers as we wanted to ensure we would be able to finish all of our respective dinners. I had a bone-in rib-eye while my wife ordered  filet mignon. Both were perfectly cooked, and had some of the best flavors I've had in steaks.The real treat however was the sauces they brought out. At first I was appalled a steakhouse would suggest a sauce, let alone bring out three, but I skeptically tried each one on some small pieces of my steak, and boy was I happy I did. Both the bearnaise and pepercorn sauces were very tasty and worked well with the steaks adding flavor but not overpowering them. The real winner was the house rice wine sauce however; they could have served the worst steak ever and paired it with this sauce and still gotten me to finish it. The gratin potatoes we ordered as a side was extremely tasty as well and was more than enough for the two of us. Again, the house sauce was an amazing addition to the already delicious gratin. We got a look at the rest of the sides when a neighboring table ordered one of each and they all looked equally delectable. I look forward to trying the ginger sweet potatoes and the truffle mashed potatoes on future visits.One thing to be careful of though is if you ask for water and only want tap water, be sure to make this clear to your waiter. We asked for water to go with our drinks and got an $8 bottle of Fiji water.
5	In the interest of full disclosure, dinner was hosted by someone who has been here before, has the means to make dinner phenomenal and even had a favorite server (Russell).We started off the evening with a GIGANTIC seafood plateau with lobster, rock crab claws, king crab legs, oysters, huge prawns and a trio of delicious sauces.  Our server did us a service and suggested we ordered the plateau for four people even though we had five.  This appetizer alone filled me up half-way!!  Everything was super fresh and sweet.That evening, Prime was featuring Tasmanian lobster tails.  You can add it to your dish as a "surf and turf" option, have it as an entree or order one for the table.  Our host went with one for the table and let me tell you...never in my life had I seen such a gargantuan lobster tail.  It was probably a foot long and 10 inches around.  It was presented, carved up and served to us with plenty left for the middle of the table.  Sweetest lobster I've ever had.  The flesh was firm yet tender (indescribeable).  No drawn butter necesary!So Prime's thing is steak.  I went with our host's suggestion for the 5-peppercorn New York strip.  I'm really glad I did!  The flavor was bold and delicious.  It's what I like to call "fancy steak".  I had a few bites of our host's filet and that was melt-in-your-mouth delicious as well.  They give you three sauces to go with your steak and we ignored them all.For sides, we had their spicy mac and cheese, truffle mashed potatoes (DROOL...I could have had the whole thing on my own), sauteed mushrooms, and specially ordered caramelized onions.  All were great sides.Alas, due to the giantness of our appetizer, I had to give up trying to finish my steak.  Meanwhile, my husband had no problems finishing his porterhouse.We were contemplating dessert when someone let slip to our server that it was hubby and my wedding anniversary.  The dessert menus were respectfully plucked out of our hands and in short order, their signature chocolate lava cake was brought out to us, served with a delicious home made caramel ice cream.  They wrote Happy Anniversary on the platter which made it all the more special. Prime has a great wine list of which I did not get to see.  However, the wines we had were delicious.  I brought the first two bottles (Kamen, CS, 2005) which opened up beautifully.  (NOTE: Their corkage fee is $35 but their policy is that they will only allow it if the wine is not already on their list).  Second was a D.R. Stephens CS 2005 and finally, the crowning glory, the Penfolds Grange 2001 (?).  I was in expensive wine heaven.  If wine tasted like this at a reasonable price, I'd have to have Al Anon on speed dial!Our evening was fantastic.  Service was perfect.  It felt like we had an army of people waiting on us and constantly bringing us more water, constantly pouring us more wine.  Our server was almost embarassed that he caught our host pouring his own water and ran right over to take the bottle from him.  The best part was service was friendly, humorous and not at all snooty like a lot of fancy places.This was definitely an experience to remember, even if I did stumble a little on the way out.  Just a little!!
5	It's been about 7 years since I ate here, but I must say I always recommend this restaurant to people because I had a perfect time with this fine dining experience. I took my girlfriend at the time for her birthday here, booked the reservations in advance and told them it was her birthday. The service was great the second we got sat... I had the filet mignon and it was cooked medium rare the way I like it, it was perfect. Desert they brought my gf a cheesecake with a candle and it said Happy Birthday in chocolate on the plate. I was happy knowing I didnt have to remind the server it was her birthday, they were on their best service standards in my opinion and I would love to take another future gf to this establishment soon.
5	If you're looking for authentic fine dining, look no further. Dress up. The Filet Mignon is the closest thing to perfect. Excellent presentation that lives up to its elegance. Probably one of the best, if not the best steak restaurants in Vegas. Just GO! You can't go wrong.
5	If there's one weakness I have, it's a good steak.  Therefore, I tend to enjoy my steakhouses.  Prime provided me with a truly divine experience, and not only from a culinary perspective; the service, presentation, and ambiance were second to none.  Magnificently situated on the lagoon in front of the Bellagio, it's subdued and pleasing on the eyes, but provides sweeping views of the fountains every 15 minutes.  I ordered a Porterhouse and an 8oz. lobster tail.  It wasn't cheap by any means, but by golly was it worth it.  The steak was cooked to perfection, and just as I had ordered it (medium rare).  Many steakhouses and restaurants have the tendency to stray on the conservative side, particularly when it comes to raw meat.  Not this time.  The strip and filet were both delicious, flavorful, and tender, and the medley of sauces they provided only added to the experience.  The lobster tail, well, does lobster tail really need any introduction?  Highly recommended if you want to escape the hubbub of some of the more mainstream dining choices in Vegas; it was a taste of culinary serenity nestled in the middle of a zoo.
5	Our experience was nearly perfect.To start, we ordered a modestly-priced bottle of pinot, and had the foie gras and a duo of carpaccio and steak tartare.Both the foie gras and the raw meat duo were absolutely fantastic.  The meat was flavored with cilantro and lime juice - it was just great.  While I've been a big fan of carpaccio for quite some time - this was my first encounter with tartare - and I loved it.For entrees - my wife had the veal chop and i had a ribeye.  The ribeye was great.  Juicy and Flavorful. I generally like the outside of my steaks charred a little bit more - but the steak was so flavorful and perfectly cooked - I was happy with their preparation.They brought out a ton of steak sauces - I'm not sure what that was all about.  They were tasty - but totally unneccesary - i ate almost all of my meat without the sauce.For sides we had smashed potato fries and glazed carrots.  Both were forgettable.  Whatever.  Pretty standard trio of sorbet's for desert.Great meat, great service, great experience.
2	This past weekend was my second trip to Prime and I was not impressed either time. The only thing that really saved the night was the awesome company; my BF, his family and our casino host. I really wanted to love this place, the setting is amazing and so is the decor.First, we made reservations for eight o'clock, but when we arrived on time the table was not set. We ended up standing around for ten minutes. Keep in mind it was a birthday dinner for my BF's mom and our casino host was eating with us. You would think the employees of Prime would have their shit together since the restaurant was not even that busy. After being seated our waiter was horrible. I ordered a glass of champagne and he forgot it, not once but three different times! Mine was not the only beverage he forgot on more than one occasion.Our table of eight ordered the shell fish appetizer, which cost around four hundred dollars. The crab, shrimp and oysters were good but the lobster was awful. It was chewy and flavorless. Seriously about an hour after we had our appetizer our main courses come out. Our table ordered everything from the duck, to sea bass to stake, no one was that thrilled. The food was mediocre, defiantly not worth the price. The kicker to the entire night was "dress code". They are suppose to enforce a dressy attire and yet I saw guys in Affliction shirts and girls in jean skirts. Moral of the story, save you money and eat at one of the other amazing restaurants in the Bellagio.
4	Really a 4.5. Obviously the food is fantastic, only knocked it down .5 because it just feels a little stuffy inside and that isn't my thing. Tuna Ribbons and Steak Tartare - amazing. My filet mignon was cooked nicely (medium rare) and I love all the sauces they bring for you. Sides are ordered separately, and our waiter did lead us astray saying they were individually portioned. Uhmm NO. 2-3 people can easily split them, especially the mashed potatoes, which are more like liquid gold. Also worth trying: the wild mushrooms.
5	I am rating this place with a 5 stars ONLY because we requested a table with a view of the fountains and they delivered on it, even though they seemed very busy! Our table had to be one of the best in the restaurant, as it was very private with a perfect view of the fountain show. Service was great, not too pushy, but they were always there when you needed them! Food was 4 stars. My fillet Mignon was perfect....I ate the whole thing and I'm not a steak eater, but I'm not going to be that person that goes to the steak house to order something other than steak! Sides are pretty big, and I remember ordering a side that resembled baby food, like maybe sweet potatoes, but the baby food version! Wine was delicious as well! They knew it was our 1-yr. anniversary, so they surprised us with a cute lil delicious desert that said "Happy Anniversary"! I love it when restaurants pay attention to detail and deliver. That is how it should always be especially when you are shelling out $$$ for one meal! P.S. after your meal request to have your dessert or some drinks out on the patio. We did that because we heard you could, but for whatever reason they said there were no seats available at the time even though there were...oh well!
5	Holy crap.....Top 3 best meals of my life for sure.  So I flew to vegas just for the evening to see my parents who were visiting and staying at the Bellagio....which was amazing in itself.  So we didn't have any set in stone dinner plans, but we were looking forward to a great meal.  I had heard prime was good, but my dad was actually the one who suggested it.  So we made reservation for 8:45 cuase my parents were going to see Criss Angel (which they said was so atrocious...) so they left early, and we were all starving so we went down to see if we could get in early, and to our surprise they sat us around 8:30 since they were super busy...It was 15 minutes- but still they did everything they could to help us out.  So we sat and were promptly greeted, and I mean service was wonderful and super friendly.  Our server even told us that they were understaffed that night (wow, they work well together) So let me tell you what I was super impressed with (i'm pretty easy to please) but our server came over to open our wine...we ordered the Bethel Heights Pinot Noir, which isn't a baller wine, but a really amazing Pinot.  Anyways- so he came over to present it and as he was about to open it the table next to us very rudely kept telling him to come over while he was in the midst of opening the wine.....so I told him it would be fine if he found out what they wanted....since they were making a big to-do about it....it was actually quite absurd and rude.....and he goes "No way, I am opening your wine, and you come first...." now this other table had multiple bottles of very expensive wine/champagne, and were a party of over 10.....the reason I was impressed was becuase the server didn't think about the money he was making with the other table, he made sure to take care of us and give us great service.  I was really happy.Now the food:  WOW.  I ordered the onion soup to start....I don't think once in my life have I ever been able to finish a full onion soup.....i almost licked the bowl, it was amazing.  My mom and I decided to split the 28 ounce ribeye (very very ambitious)  We obviously didnt' even come close.  But it was cooked to absolute medium rare perfection....the truffle mashed potatoes were super super super smooth- and absolutely melted in your mouth.  We also go the broccolli....okay i'm started to get hungry just talking about this food.  Anyways service was out of this world, food was incredible and the atmosphere warm and chairs were super comfy!!  I can't wait to go back :)
4	i've been a fan of jean george restaurants for quite some time. My favs are Cafe Martinique and Dune in the Bahamas.  I've been to Prime a few times and each time I come away with a feeling that the staff really loves their job.  I usually get my usual - filet w/a lobster tail, french fries and usually whatever the waiter suggests for an appetizer.  Make sure to arrange for a reservation in advance - its a small restaurant and they sell out.  If you are staying at a suite in Bellagio - use their VIP service to try to get you a last minute reservation.  P.S. The bartenders have a terrific sense of humor.
3	this place is great...the steak was amazing and that seafood platter we had was slamming.
5	Amazing service. Amazing food. Amazing wine list. Amazing views. The house sauce for the beef is to die for. It's a homemade soy rice wine and perfectly complements the meat. There is a bone-in 12oz fillet that you wouldn't know it was there unless the wait staff tells you about it. It's not a special, it's just not on the menu. The truffled mashed potatoes are excellent - very rich. The gulf shrimp wrapped in bacon as an appetizer was good. Inside is stated decor. We sat outside on the patio, overlooking the fountains at the Bellagio. We had a new show every 15 minutes. There is a dress code - jacket or at least collar shirt/tie for guys. It is pricey (2 of us had $300 check). But you get what you pay for in food and service. I have to say that the bathrooms were not what I expected of a restaurant of this caliber. They were kind of rundown, not spacious, there were hand towels that they were out of, also out of soap. Not that I need an attendant to hand me a towel and expect a big fat tip, just a little kept up.
5	I was in Vegas this weekend and had reservations at Prime for myself and 5 friends. We showed up on time and were sat immediately. Our server was knowledgeable and very attentive.The wine list was 24 pages long! I had a glass of Rhumbauer Chardonnay ($15), an 8 oz. Filet ($40), a side caesar salad ($14), and potatoes gratin daphinois ($8). The filet was hands down the BEST STEAK I HAVE EVER HAD. It was tender, flavorful, and cooked to perfection. The caesar salad was a little lemony, but still very tasty. The potatoes were amazing. Basically potatoes au gratin, but with several different cheeses (Gruyere, Reggiano, etc.). However, one of my friends ordered a $150 Kobe ribeye, which was overcooked. He didn't send it back, but I'm positive if he had, it would have come out perfectly.We had an amazing view of the Bellagio fountain show and we weren't even directly by a window! This will go down as one of the best meals of my life.
5	Stellar.
1	My family and I went to Prime this weekend and thought that we were going to be in for a treat - we scored a table last minute on the beautiful patio and could not wait for our food.  The problem was all we did was wait - 20 minutes for water, 60 minutes for bread, and we had to ask twice to order wine and our food...you get the picture.  After over an hour had gone by and we still did not have our appetizers - one french onion soup and one Caesar salad - my sister and I finally went into the restaurant and asked to speak with the manager.  After briefly explaining the situation to the manager, he informed us he would "look into it."  As we returned to our table, we found that our appetizers had finally made it.  The french onion soup had good flavor but was really greasy.  The Caesar salad was extremely bland.  As we were taking our first bites of the appetizers, we saw the manager pop his head out on the balcony and presumed that he was coming to speak to us.  Instead, he never came back.  At this point, we were all happy to have a bit of food and prepared to sit back, relax and enjoy the entrees with our wine.Again, we were disappointed as the entrees took much longer than expected to arrive.  When they finally did arrive, we were surprised to find that the food was pretty terrible.  The salmon was woefully undercooked (more than raw in the middle). The sea bass was far overcooked, chewy and fishy.   The seared tuna appeared to be covered in some sort of batter and flash fried.  The chicken entree was just blah.  Though we were starving, not a one of us came close to finishing our meal. Given the disappointing service and food, we asked to speak with the manager again.  When he approached our table, I asked why he had never spoken to us the first time - he mentioned that he saw we had a our starters and thought everything was fine.  After listening to our complaints on the food, he gave us a couple of excuses that really made no sense (it's a big restaurant, the patio is more relaxed).  After confirming that our experience was sub-par, he then asked what we would like him to do about of experience.  We instead asked him what he thought he should do and suggested that the restaurant at least consider correcting the bill a bit given the poor quality of the food.  We were pleasantly surprised when he returned with the bill for the wine, soup and salad only - all of the entrees had been removed.   We enjoy fine dining and thought that we had been so lucky to get into Prime - unfortunately, our night was almost ruined by this experience.  I would prefer to give this restaurant no stars because everything was just so terrible from the food to the service to the manager's response.  However, I to give the restaurant credit for two things - the manager properly adjusted the bill so that we did not feel like we had been robbed and the atmosphere is quite lovely.  Would I go back? No, but if you decide to go, stick with a couple of drinks and a fun appetizer or two and then move on to a restaurant with more consistent food.
5	Located inside of Bellagio, I picked this steakhouse because of the reviews I saw on Yelp.  When we arrived we were shown right to our table.  When I opened the menu I was struck by how simple it was, there weren't a billion choices it was just simple and to the point.  Our server was very attentive to the details and we had an awesome dining experience.  Our waiter also reminded me of the butler from Mr Deeds.  When I came back from the restroom, I didn't notice anyone around me when I went to sit down.  But as I was moving my seat forward there was a slight push from the back, I thought I had bumped into the seat behind me.  I turned around and there was our server, whoa like super sneaky.  When I told the waiter of my stomach not feeling well, he suggested right away soda water to help settle my stomach.  He also very patient with my lack of knowledge to pair which red wine to the filet mignon my dad was having.  We also ordered the Ribbons of Tuna, Truffle Mashed Potatoes, and Creamed Spinach.    The Ribbons of Tuna was a very nicely designed dish.  The tuna sashimi was top grade because there were no lines running through them.  There was finely chopped avocado at the bottom of the dish with a sauce containing yuzu and a slight hint of spicy oil.  It was delicious, so light and tasty a great way to start a meal.  I specifically requested that the butternut squash soup be brought out as my entree since that was going be my main course.  And the staff brought it out exactly the way I wanted to.  The filet mignon came with three sauces the soy rice wine was my dad's favorite.  The Truffle mashed potatoes were fluffy and had little chopped up pieces of truffle which brought a nice texture to the dish.  I wasn't able to try the creamed spinach and it looked ok.Overall the service was spot on, attention to detail is the way I like it, and the food was outstanding.  O yeah we also got a nice view of the fountains outside which was like the cherry on top of the ice cream.  I highly recommend this restaurant and its a great stop in Vegas.
5	This place is first class all the way. If you go, be sure to make reservations and come early to make sure you score on a lake side table to watch the fountain show. It is absolutely incredible! Our Waiter was an older gentleman and was very knowledgeable about everything on the menu. We didn't get any wine, but had a couple of cocktails (cosmos) that were literally the best I've ever had (think of that perfect shaved layer of ice on top). Went here for Thanksgiving dinner - my brother had the turkey dinner complete with stuffing and sweet mashed potatoes. I didn't try his because mine was so good I didn't want to waste any bite of fullness on someone else's food. The older heavier watier was looking more and more attractive as I ate my beef. I actually thought as I was eating that if someone cooked for me like this on a regular basis I would do anything for them including marrying them! HOLY GOD this is GOOD FOOD!!!!!!!!! I had the beef from Australia - the fillet. And the sauces that went with it were out of this world! (Peppercorn, and 2 others that were creamy). For the appetizer, we had the chilled seafood platter - lobster, king crab claw, mussels, clams, oysters, shrimp, lump crab meat - all ready to eat! No peeling or cracking involved! It was also amazing! The total bill for the 2 of us was 300. Not bad at all for what we got. I highly recommend this place.
5	This is the definitely in the top 3 meals i have ever eaten in my life. The gf took me here for my birth day on nov 28 and it was amazing. We got a table next to the window of the water fountain show on the strip. We started with cocktails margarita, and some remy martin in a snifter(super nice to have for dinner). We ordered the steak tartare with carpaccio. Alli have to say is order it and you won't regret it ! Next was the tomatoe and mozarella with a side of pesto salad wich was simply amazing. The main course was the 18 oz cut rib eye and she had the rack of lamb both were cooked to perfection and quickly finished. The restraunt knew it was my birthday so they brought out a birthday cake that i didn't even want to eat it was prepped so good. All i have to end it with is go and eat there and i guarantee you won't leave dissapointed. !
3	I had reservations for 7PM.  I was promised a table overlooking the fountains.  My party and I arrived a little before 7 and the place was packed, the bar was overflowing with people.  I checked in with the hostess and was told it'll be a moment while they set up our table.  Ten minutes later she tells me that there are no tables available overlooking the fountains.  I said it fine, just seat us anywhere.  Finally, thirty minutes later we were finally seated at some cramped up table next to the restrooms.  How lovely. Service was slow.  Food was whatever.  My brother ordered the special surf and turf.  Lobster was way rubbery and dry.  His steak was alright.  I ordered the special kobe beef plate.  It had 3 oz of each rib eye, filet mignon, and boneless sirloin.  A total of 9 oz of kobe for $240.  It was the most expensive plate I ever ordered.  And sadly I wasn't really that impressed by the food.  I had ordered them medium and the filet was beyond well done.  Sigh.  I had nothing to say about our sides and starters.  The wine we ordered was the only good thing about the meal.  I usually am a big fan of dessert but I was so thrown off by the food that I had to skip dessert.  For our party of four, our bill ran out to a little over $600.  Thank God it was comped by the hotel (thanks to my mom's love of the slot machines), otherwise I would have had to make a run for it. I suggest dining at Michael Mina or Picasso when at the Bellagio.  Prime Steakhouse is for old folks with limited taste and too much time and too much money on their hands.  I feel a little bad saying that, especially since it seems like so many other people on Yelp enjoyed this place.
2	I came with in hungry and with an open mind, being a huge steakhouse fan.  They charge a hefty price for their steaks; and the steaks are very good.  However, the steaks are nothing special.  I had the ribeye, and my date had the filet.  Both were obviously quality cuts of meat, but just nothing that would set either apart from other steakhouses.I did not appreciate the attitudes of the snooty staff and hostesses.  This place is over-the-top pretentious, which is to be expected, but I just felt like there was an ora that was disgusting.  In Vegas, I've enjoyed Guy Savoy and Joel Robuchon which are other even higher-end restaurants.  There was a warm feeling with the service and I felt like their guest for a special treat.  At Prime, they made it feel as though I should be thankful to be served and seated in such a prim and proper, "high" class environment.  Prime is trying to be something that it's not.  This restaurant is located 45 yards from a wheel of fortune slot.  There is nothing privileged about working/eating there.  We're not in Paris folks, we're in Las Vegas- king of the nobody doing his best to act like he's somebody, and paying the credit card price for month's to come (LV is my favorite city in America).Finally, the $100 seafood appetizer platter was a complete waste.  The oysters were terrible (relative).  Prime needs to lose the attitude, and focus more on special food that matches the price.
3	I never though that I could not enjoy a big bunk of lobster. But I guess it's possible. This place was just really pretentious without anything to back it up. Granted, we were a big group of 20-somethings but the place was pretty empty so I don't think a bad attitude was warranted. I think the theme of the night was quantity over quality. The shellfish platter was full of giant pieces of seafood that tasted like it came out of a freezer/buffet line. The lobster was really rubbery and flavorless, but it was cute that they de-shelled it in front of you. Perhaps I should have gotten steak at a steakhouse (who knew?) The creamed spinach and mashed potatoes were good, but nothing memorable. The creme brulee was really good (isn't it always) and the chocolate volvano souffle was also good. But i don't think anything would compel me to come back here. Even the deco is stuffy and pretentious. Boys, come here in a suit.
5	Top 3 steaks I've ever ever had.  Frankly, its been a few days since, and I'm still thinking about it.I ordered the New York ($56 i believe).  It was cooked to perfection.  They bring 4 different sauces (made by the chef) for the meal, but none are needed.  The steak tastes like heaven, seriously, no other description. I was full 2/3s of the way into the steak but still had to finish.  It was too good to take home.Service is first class.  I've been to plenty of nice restaurants, and this one has some of the best service i've ever had. Just an unbelievable dinner.  Rarely do I get that combination of fast, courteous, and knowledgeable service along with possibly the best steak I've ever had.
5	inside the Bellagio Hotel  is The best restaurant in America ! .. Sea food platter for a table of 10....get your scuba gear ready and dive...I've never seen a presentation like that,..totally awsome. The Steak & Garlic mashed potatos, wine selection to die for, ....  The Art Deco decour  is out of this world,  phenomenal service, everything is just extraordinary...I wish I lived next door.
3	It was alright.  Would not return.  There are so many better steakhouses in Las Vegas.
5	Fantastic service, atmosphere and food.  We ate until we couldn't anymore.My first visit here was spring break in college and my roommate who had not eaten steak in years (he went veg for a while) decided he would break down and try it since we were in such a highly regarded steakhouse.He loved it and raves about it to this day.  Good times.
4	beautiful restaurant, request outdoor seating when it is nice,  food was good, not great, service varies, sometimes it is great, last time was very average.
5	Had a great day at the tables, so my friends and I decided to hit up Prime. Wow...is all I have to say.I highly recommend the bacon wrapped shrimp, the truffle mashed potatoes and the porterhouse. The BEST mashed potatoes I've ever had.
4	As Borat would say, "Veddy Niceee." Was it the best steak I've ever had? No. But, it was very good.We went there on a relatively-slow Sunday night. We didn't make reservations because honestly, we didn't think we'd need any. We got there at 8:30 and asked for a table for three. Even though the dining room looked busy, it wasn't completely full. They asked if we had a reservation, we said no, and they put one in for us for 9:00 and told us to come back at 9:00. So, we went and gambled, then came back and our table was ready right when we got there. I appreciate promptness.The dining room is a tad on the small side, but dark and cozy. The chairs are nice and comfortable, and the tables are large. I felt underdressed in a T-shirt and jeans. Though they don't "enforce" a dress code, they have a sign that says they recommend a jacket for men. Not sure what the dress code for women is, but I'm pretty sure my T-shirt and jeans didn't quite make the cut.Unfortunately, we didn't get a table by the window. We could still see the water show from our table, but we couldn't hear the music. I'm sure if we had a reservation well in advance, we probably could have requested a window table, but oh well. But yeah, if you make reservations, ask for a window table! They're really nice and the water show comes on every 10 minutes or so. It's a nice little distraction during dinner, y'know?Anyway, our waiter was the bomb. Generally at these uppity-steakhouse places, the waiters are a tad pompous. But, ours was awesome. He cracked jokes with us, told us what the specials were, and answered any questions we had about the menu. He also made great wine recommendations as well. He was great!We each got a steak as well as a few sides (a T-bone for my friend, filet for my bf, and some kind of regular steak for me). Our food came out in about 20 minutes. My steak was very good -- moist, juicy, and flavorful. My only small complaint is that it was a *tad* overcooked. I asked for medium-rare, and it came out a little more on the medium side. All of their steaks are accompanied by several homemade sauces. My favorite one was their house sauce, which was some soy-based sauce. It was so yummy! For sides, we got the creamed spinach, asparagus, and sauteed mushrooms. The sides were an OK size. All three of us could split them, but a bigger helping would have been great. The asparagus was not good at all. They were overcooked and more soggy than crunchy. I was disappointed because that's one of my favorite veggies. The creamed spinach was good, but could have used some garlic or other flavoring. The mushrooms were by far the best side dish. They were flavorful and so delicious! If I had known that in advance, I would have gotten two orders of the mushrooms and passed on the asparagus. We passed on dessert, since we were all pretty much full. When the bill came, it was a tad over $300. Not bad for the three of us. All in all, it was a positive experience. I probably wouldn't go there again, seeing as how I don't go to Vegas much and would like to try a different steakhouse next time. But, I definitely liked it and would recommend it to a friend.
4	Prime Steakhouse in the Bellagio is owned by the reknowned chef Jean-George Vongerichten. I have eaten at his name-sake restaurant in New York so I was very excited to experience the food here. My overall opinion would have to be that the restaurant was good, but fell short in a few areas.My friend and I split two dishes, the Chilean Sea Bass served over braised mushrooms, poblano peppers and dill, and the special: a bone-in filet that was dry-aged 21 days. They served our meal first, which was a little disconcerting as it was split table-side. I was slightly cringing at the thought of the other dishes getting colder while ours was being prepared. The filet was terrific, perfectly cooked and juicy, while the sea bass was good, but rather un-inspired. The mushrooms underneath the seabass were superb, however, the poblano and dill were so mild the flavors never would have been obvious to the consumer. My friend's fiance ordered the roasted duck breast with almond crust and red wine amaretto sauce. The crust was fantastic, but sadly the duck was tough. The best dish of the evening was ordered by my friend's grandma. This was the rack of lamb with smoked chili glaze and broccoli rabe. The lamb was so tender and juicy, and the inherent flavor was fantastic. Obviously it came from a really good little lamb.As far as the sides, I would have to say they were hit and miss. The brussell sprouts were something worth going back for. They were roasted with just the right amount of char, and the use of pistachio nuts was ingenious. Execution = perfect. The sweet potato puree, which I swear also involved butternut squash, was superb, but the parmesean broccoli was painfully overcooked and the florets were cut too large for easy sharing.All in all, I would say that Prime definitely uses great ingredients, and the food was solid, yet for the price I think one should demand more. I think this is a case of the talented, celebrity chef opening up a restaurant in Vegas because the $$$ is there (or rather, used to be there) and in the process reliquished a bit too much power to someone not as talented as themselves.
4	One thing NOT in short supply in Vegas is Steakhouses! And Prime is up there with Ni9e, SW and The Palm. But, nobody has the view like Prime has. It is one level below the main floor looking right onto the lake and the fountain show. Pretty damn exciting. Single guys should bring a date here. I however, was on a business dinner that turned not too friendly, but that did not detract from the food. I had the smaller fillet, Medium Rare, some dauphinoise potatoes that were very good and the usual wine accompaniment. Service was outstanding. Nobody intruded when I was taking to task a supplier, and when things lightened up they came around doing what wait staff do. Atmosphere outstanding. The steaks were very Prime and it was a great eating experience. Forgot to ask if they had a blender. Maybe next time!This is also a place you will want to take your time with--again if you are with someone
5	Okay, Prime has the best steaks in town. We go there every Christmas, making a reservation early so we can be seated by the window and watch the "Dancing Fountains." Beyond the steaks, virtually everything on the menu is enticing and the service impeccable.Now, if we can only ban fanny packs and T shirts in hotels like the Bellagio itself, it would be great (okay, not a part of the restaurant review, more of a social comment).
4	*** 1/2 starsThis is a luxurious looking restaurnat with a view of the Bellagio fountains to boot. We had a beautiful corner table that was cozy and romantic. The food was excellent traditional steak house fare. We started with some excellent crab cakes for appetizers. Followed by the peppercorn crusted NY strip for me and the bone in filet special for my girlfriend. Both steaks were aged well and flavorful. I have never been a fan of doucing my steak in sauce. However, I have to admit that the miso mustrad was a nice compliment to the steak. Truffle mash was a perfect side. The surprising highlight of the evening was that they has a mille crepe on their menu for dessert. The only time I have had a good rendition of this dessert outside Paris was at Lady M in NYC. Prime's Version gets an A+ from me. Perfectly textured crepes stacked with a layer of cream in between. The big downer of the evening was the impersonal service. While our waiter was attentive and we were checked on by couple other people over the course of the evening. It just seemed like no one really cared. This might be a contrast to our luxurious experience at Twist the previous night. I have to take away some points for service. Although, I think I may not be the only one that thinks so. I did notice that this restaurant had a 4 diamond rating, while possesing the makings of a 5 diamond restaurant. It isnow clear to me what type of restaurnat garners that extra star.
5	I want to hire their interior designer for my house, it is so beautifully decorated inside! The wait staff is extremely knowledgable down to the tiniest details and funny as well, so you don't feel like your in a snooty atmosphere. The cocktails, wine, steaks, and dessert just kept outdoing themselves. Bravo Bellagio and Bon A Petit to anyone lucky enough to have the pleasure of experiencing such a magnificent meal!
1	I must preface this review by saying that I did not actually eat here. They would not let me. I had reservations for two at 6 pm. Our flight arrived in Vegas at 3:30. My friend, who was traveling with me, arrived without his bag. They said it would be around 10 that night before he got it. The big problem - my friend only had shorts. The restaurant had a "no shorts" policy. I called the reservation line and asked if they would make an exception - NO. I went directly to the restaurant and asked if they would make an exception - NO. I understand policies. I have them in my business. My deal on policies is that, if circumstances dictate, I make exceptions. This is not the theory for Prime Steakhouse. At least for us, it wasn't. I saw many of the patrons of Prime later that night. I have to say I couldn't effectively gauge the dress code. There were hookers with body parts spilling out of all parts of their dresses (that's using the term "dress" liberally). There were men in ripped jeans (which they said they had a policy against) but I guess when you pay $400 for ripped jeans, it doesn't count. Shorts are not okay but T-shirts are??? I wish I could tell you about Prime, but their inane adherence to selective policies prevents me.
3	The meal was pretty good but for the price ($200 each with drinks and appetizers), I expected just a little more.  I had the ribeye which was impressive but not the best I've ever had.  It had decent flavor and was actually quite tender.  My friends each had the filet. They seemed satisfied but not blown away.  They had three different sauces to go with the steaks.  This isn't really my style as most good steakhouses let the meat speak for itself.  Also, I found it odd that even though we ordered different cuts of meet, we got the same sauces to go on our meet.  Shouldn't a world class chef be more creative?  Also, the server was unable to tell  which sauces were better for each cut.  Their wine list was impressive and had all of the Napa wines you would expect to see and most other good Caliornia wines.  We went for a bottle of Justin Isosceles.  It was a very good bordeaux blend that paired well with our steaks.  The server was friendly but might have been more appropriate for casual dining than a fine steakhouse.  He joked with us that our table was typically one of the worst in the restaurant because it was one of the only tables without a view of the Bellagio fountains.  We were a group of successful 20-somethings so I'm used to not getting the best service but to make it blatant that the hostess gave us the worst table in the restaurant sort of ruined the meal.  Honestly, we hadn't even realized the other tables had a view until he said this and never would have even realized it was a bad table but once he said something, we were left wondering why we were given a bad table.
3	Average, average, average. Food - The steak carpaccio was delicious. This was definitely the highlight of the meal. In terms of entrees the porterhouse was good but not mindblowing. Same goes for the sauces. The sauce made from grapes was good but the others were pretty standard. At the suggestion of the waiter we ordered the crispy potatoes as a side. They were literally exactly the same as TGIFridays potato skins, but maybe a little greasier.  Service - This was mixed. Our waiter was very nice but the host/busboy/captain (?) kind of huddled and made my friends and I a little uncomfortable.Atmosphere - The person selling photographs is tacky. The view is top notch but the other decor feels a little tired. This also definitely isn't a young or happening crowd (which I probably should have figured).It's vegas, go somewhere better.
3	Let me begin by saying this is the most elegant steakhouse I've been to. ( Although CUT is my favorite steak wise ) It is beautifully situated on the lakeside level of the Bellagio hotel. We were seated right by the elegantly draped huge windows that overlook the Bellagio fountain show and smashing chocolate brown and light blue decor.  The posh surroundings are warm, welcoming and yes... romantic.  The staff was very courteous and very knowledgeable on their selections of wine and food.   Although there are many other notable restaurants to choose from at while in Vegas, we didn't want to be late to our cirque de soleil - O show so dining here seemed to be the most practical solution. On to the food..APPETIZERS 1. Shrimp cocktail  =  Succulent and delicious  2. Butter-Poached King Crab w/ apple-chive Salad & Brioche = How can you possibly go wrong here? Melt in your mouth sensation as soon as it touched a taste bud. The chucks of crab were huge which i would have expected for an almost $30 dollar appetizer. Hehe. Well worth the price.3. Caesar salad = Your typical Caesar salad with a little twist, the parmesan baked cone. So cheesy! MAIN COURSE1. Bone-in Rib Eye Steak 18 oz = We both opted for the same steak and unfortunately I was NOT impressed. The quality of the meat is honestly not worth mentioning.  It wasn't very juicy or marbleized as other steaks I have tried.  Very mediocre, which I was not expecting.. sadly.  I almost forgot to mention that there are three different sauces for the steak that are provided, but for good steak the sauce just gets in the way. Well at least, in my opinion. =)2. Bone-in Rib Eye Steak 18 ozSIDES1. Truffle mash potato = Ahhhh, SO GOOD.  I absolutely love anything that has truffle in it!  The flavor will explode in your mouth!  A definite must try for yourself!  2. Mac and Cheese = I tasted white cheddar here.  Rather tasty. 3. Steamed asparagus = Perfectly seasoned, but wasn't cooked enough.OTHERS1. Grey hound = Refreshing and light. 2. Red Zinfandel = Recommended by our server, GREAT! Not too acidic or dry. Went well with my steak.3. Red wine =  I forgot this one. Overall,  the atmosphere is close to perfection, but the food was very mediocre in taste with the exception of the Truffle mash potatoes and appetizers.  Although I was not impressed by the steak, I would return to try the seafood on their menu and the butter king crab again.  One thing I like about Prime is that they cater to their clientele. If something is not to your liking, they will do whatever they can to make sure you are pleased. The staff is exceptionally warm and personable too. Would return, but no steak for me! How ironic to say at a steakhouse.. 1 out of 5. 5 being the highestFood - 3 , truffle mash potatoes gets a 4!Ambiance- 4Service- 4Price - Total with tip $308.00
5	Prime is a rare treat, it's not very often I get to eat a place of this caliber so I'm very fond of it. The restaurant itself is dimly lit, with super comfortable chairs, and a lovely view of the Bellagio fountains. They enforce the dress code pretty strict here, most places in Vegas will let you in wearing just about anything. This is a 1 or 2 page menu place, alot of expensive steaks, and sides you would expect in a high end steakhouse. The iced shell fish platter here is killer!  It's a quite beautiful piece. My wife had a bone in fillet which was fantastic. Don't ask for a wine recommendation from the waiter unless you won some serious cash  at the baccarat table. The pretzel bread served before dinner also blew mind.
5	This place is pricey, but I knew what I was in for and it's worth every penny!  In fact...it was a little cheaper than I expected!  The food was amazing; the waiter was wonderful and not pushy.  He made food recommendations and even gave us travel tips!  The restaurant  is beautiful and if you can, get a window with a view of the fountains!  I will definitely go back the next time I am in Vegas!
4	Me and the guys visited Prime once before and "wow" were we impressed. While it was one of the more pricier dinners it was certainly worth it. Their service made it feel as if we were catered upon as if it were a spa, the appetizers delectible, the steak entrees mouth watering, and their bar selection had some of the rarest cognacs & scotch wiskeys I've seen. Be sure to make a reservation far in advance and ask for a window table so that you can also be entertained by Bellagio's fountain show.
5	STEAK lovers paradise!this place was PERFECT...I loved everything about it...the decor totally screams steakhouse and the food was well worth the price! Expensive to say the least, but didn't expect any less from a steakhouse inside the Bellagio! Celebrated a birthday there. It's great for intimate dates or if you are looking to make an impression on your significant other! The food was brought out on a cart all fancy and covered in silverware! The manager actually came to cut our steaks for us to make sure it was cooked to our liking! After the fabulous dinner they escorted us to the patio for dessert compliments of the restaurant for the birthday we were celebrating. The patio was sooooo nice..we ate dessert over looking the Bellagio fountains at sunset so the fountains were lit up and sooo pretty! It is a beautiful restaurant and I totally recommend taking your guy/girl for a date there if visiting Vegas with someone!
4	Finally made it out here for dinner and loved it! It was so much fun to watch the watershow up close every fifteen minutes. (Starting at 8pm). We sat outside (8:30pm in July) and it was a bit too hot. Next time for sure we're sitting inside.We got the gulf shrimp wrapped in bacon appetizer. It was just okay - wasn't blown away like I thought I would be after reading all the reviews. I think maybe it was a little overcooked since my shrimp wasn't as succulent as I would have thought it to be and the bacon was a tad dry.Steaks, however, were really good. We got the filet mignon and the porterhouse. Filet was soo soft, melted in your mouth. Porterhouse was equally as amazing. I actually preferred the steak without any of the sauces. For sides, we got the broccoli and mashed potatoes. Both were good. Nothing too interesting about the broccoli (how exciting can broccoli really be now), but the mashed potatoes were good. I can only imagine how good the truffle mashed potatoes are...next time! Overall, food and scenery made for a great meal.
5	I want to eat here everyday! We had a great dining experience and enjoyed our meals. I had the ahi tuna and the boyfriend had the kobe steak. They have a nice wine list and I though the service was great!
2	Okay, this is only my review of the bar within Prime.  So you've gotta take this with a grain of salt.  It was eh.  The bartenders were rude and gave us a funky vibe.  My cousin and i wanted to stay and eat, but were so turned off by the atttitude of the bartenders.  I'm sure we'll eat here some time.  Its unfortunately that our first impression was so bad.  Again, i'll eat here... but there is no sense of urgency and its not a priority for me to try this place. Sorry.
1	When they say the steak has been aged for so many days as they say what does that exactly mean? Because my husband got SICK! So maybe they are not aging their steaks in the sun? Letting them spoil a little to get more of a flavor? We went to Las Vegas for my 30th birthday and I was reading reviews of this place and I thought why not try it. I have heard both positive and negative and being in the Bellagio hotel you would think that it would be great! I had the filet, garlic potatoes and mushrooms that we both shared. And my husband had some other cut. (cant remember exactly what) But obvioulsy it wasnt too good considering that early Saturday morning he was in the bathroom and it was not pretty! Basically our entire trip was ruined from this so called wonderful steakhouse. NEVER again will I come back to this place. It obviously was food poistening. So thank you Prime Steakhouse for ruining my 30th birthday weekend. You did a great job of it.
3	Let's just start by saying that Vegas has become an over-priced, over-hyped, self-indulgent toilet of a town, if it wasn't already.  Second, I have never enjoyed any meal I have gotten in Vegas, nor has it been worth the price or crappy service that accompanied it.  Letting that color my view of "fine" (and I say that with a grain of salt) Vegas dining, it could be hard for me to put that out of my head.  I had recently eaten at Brand in the Monte Carlo.  So I had a feeling of what was to come.  Let's start with bartenders at the entrance of Prime.  Complete jerks.  Just because I am in my early/mid-20's doesn't mean I am poor or not going to spend beau-coup dollars.  The food is horribly overpriced, but when you are trying to cultivate a "superior," asshole feel to your restaurant, that's okay.  The problem is Las Vegas is miles from any reasonable agricultural area or the ocean.  That raises some flags for me.  Maybe that is why it cost more to eat there, but when you look at craigslist for jobs and homes, you see that cost of living is not insane in the Vegas area, so maybe I can just chalk it up as a "tourist trap."The food was actually okay.  I got a lamb dish that was small, but reasonably cooked and came with a tasty mint sauce.  I also got a side of mac and cheese which was decadent beyond all belief but relatively standard for such an easy dish.  We split one bottle of wine for  our group because the prices were psychotic.  While the list was very voluminous, it wasn't worth paying for half the bottles on there since you were paying well over 150% over store retail.  I have a problem with this restaurant because it is no different from every other crap offering that every casino in Vegas has.The service was average, but our waiter was clearly perturbed with the average age of our table.  We tipped well anyways but we felt like he made a thinly veiled comment regarding our ability to pay and the possibility of us ditching the bill.  That cost him $20 as we left since one of our party, who works in restaurants, had said he never heard such a comment.
5	My gf & some good friends treated me to this place for my bday dinner!Reservations were made for 5:30pm. Things came up so we pushed it back to 6pm; they had no problem with that and were nice about it. A friend ordered a ribeye, and about 10 minutes later asked if he could change his order to a porter steak. They allowed it and were also very nice about it. A+ for service here.A steakhouse in the Bellagio... It was very nice & elegant, as one would expect from the sounds of it. We were seated in our own private room around a round table.We ordered- Porter steak: a friend & I ordered one. Delicious. Huge. Parts of my medium-rare steak were more so rare (a friend said it was still moo'ing), but I didn't mind. My friend's medium steak had parts that were more so medium-rare - he didn't mind this either. - Filet Mignon: My gf & her sister got this. I honestly thought it was the best piece of filet I've ever sank my teeth in.- Ribeye: it comes in an 18oz and a 28oz. My friend is a big eater and he mentioned that he should've ordered the 28oz.- Mac & cheese: AWESOME! I ordered it with my porter, and I thought it complemented my meal perfectly. Yummmmmmyyy.- Asparagus: Fresh- Broccoli: FreshAll in all, the meal was a very memorable one for me. My steak & mac/cheese was delicious, and service was top notch. Very, very pricey. I do remember my porter steak being around 58$ on the menu, and the other steaks being of similar price. The side dishes were all around 10$ or more.*One of my friends wanted prime rib in particular and at a place called "Prime" Steakhouse, you'd think they'd have it, right? Wrong.**Advice: I'd suggest that you order ur steak to be cooked at one level higher than how you normally ask for it. Ex. If you like urs cooked at medium rare, ask for medium.
4	pricey, but worth it.  steak was cooked perfectly and the atmosphere was very refined/classy.
3	Found this to be one of the highest ranked steak houses in Vegas through my 'Zagat' 2007 book.I started off with their Foie Gras and thought it was above average but not exceptional.I ordered the Porterhouse medium-medium well and it came with a trio of sauces for dipping. I was not impressed with the steak, again I would say above average at most. I did like the soy based dipping sauce but it almost overpowered the natural flavor of the steak. So with that said, I could of used practically any meat and dipped it into that sauce and it would probably taste the same. I didn't care much for the other sauces including the bearnaise. (bearnaise, usually is my preferred sauce with a steak)On the other hand, their Truffle Mash Potatoes.. I must say is impeccable! The texture was on point and the amount of actual truffles (not truffle oil) is right on the money. I'd take this over the steak!As far as the decor, I must say this place is very upscale. Try getting a window seat, its got a great view of the water/fountains.
5	Albeit  it is a steakhouse, if you wan the BEST Roasted Chicken in Vegas, this is the spot.  The food here is amazing.  Here are my favs:Arugula SaladVeal ChopRoasted ChickenChickpea FriesReservations are necessary and dress fabulous.
4	came here for my birthday dinner with Justin B. and was impressed but not WOW-ed by the place...called in that morning to get reservations on a friday night and while we didnt get a window fountain seat, the water show is pretty much view-able from most of the restaurant. came in fairly dressed up for our dinner only to see other patrons wearing polo shirts, shorts and jeans - they are definitely not strict with their dress code. we were seated right away and the service was spot on.we started off our meal with the Chilled Shellfish platter taht came with oysters, clams, mussels, king crab, lobster tail, and shrimp cocktail - we only ordered a serving for 1 person so you basically get 2 of each type of seafood which was plenty for us. everything was delicious and came with a great mustard dipping sauce!next up was our main course - ordered the 8 oz. filet along with truffle mashed potatoes and the mac and cheese. while the filet was perfectly good and tasty, i think the side dishes really stole the show! the truffle mashed potatoes were sooo good! you could really taste the truffle and it was sweet but not overpowering by any means. the mac and cheese had a good burnt crust on the top of it and was delicious! the side dishes portions are perfect for 2 people to share.overall great experience at Prime. nothing to complain about but i think i've just had better steaks in my life thats all (i.e. at CUT haha)....
5	In my never ending quest to find the perfect steakhouse ... I find myself this time at Jean Georges' Prime at the Bellagio.  After a rather disappointing experience at his other outpost next door, the JG Steakhouse at the Aria, I was a little skeptical to say the least ... that feeling went away the instant I entered in.Situated "lake-side" next to the 2star Michelin PIcasso, Prime occupies one of the best locations in the hotel overlooking the famous fountains of the Bellagio.  If you reserve early enough you can easily request prime seating, pun intended, with a beautiful view of the lake, the fountains and the Vegas strip.  As for the food, we started with the grilled foie gras with jalapeno marmalade.  The foie was excellent and cooked to perfection ... though I must admit, I find it exceedingly difficult to use the words "foie gras" and "disappointment" in the same sentence.   We opted for the 28oz bone-in rib eye for two. Now I must say that in reviewing any steakhouse in the past, I always get the rib eye and therefore I can honestly say that I'm comparing apples to apples.  The rib eye was cooked perfectly and the table side carving was a nice and sexy touch. The beef was super tender and full of flavor with the proper amount of marbling.  The steak came with several sauces - and though I don't normally use "sauce" at a high end steakhouse such as Prime ... I must admit that the soy rice wine sauce gave the steak that extra punch ... that it didn't necessarily need it was more than fine the way it was.  For the sides, the truffle mash potatoes were exceptional as well as the mac and cheese ... though I more than preferred the truffled mash version at the JG Steakhouse next door.  The lemon tart dessert was a bit of an after thought ... but then again I came here for some great steak and a great steak I had.Again, in my eternal crusade to find the perfect steakhouse ... Prime is at the moment, the undisputed leader of the pack.  The impeccable service, the elegant interior, and most importantly, the unparalleled steaks combine to truly put this place in a class of its own.  I suspect that I will no longer be trying any other steakhouses in Vegas as I have officially found my favorite steakhouse in Vegas if not the entire planet.  The bar has undoubtedly been raised by Prime.
5	Really amazing steak and truffled mashed potatoes.  One of the best steakhouses I have been to.  The view of the fountains gave the 5th star.
4	After careful consideration, I decided to take my group to Prime Steakhouse at the Bellagio. I made reservations via Bellagio's website and under special comments/notes, I wrote "celebrating a 21st birthday." Prime is kind of hard to get to if you're taking the tram from Monte Carlo/Aria. Ladies, it's a bit of a walk in heels. It's not so bad if you're coming off the main street from Caesar's Palace. The view of the fountain from inside the restaurant is amazing. I believe the water works start at 8pm each night (you can check Bellagio's website for more information too.) Too bad they've turned the bar/patio into a separate restaurant so you can't stand out there and watch the fountains. Our server was awesome and took care of all our requests. As for the food...+/- the wedge and the Caesar salad is nothing special+ peach salad with goat cheese (pretty interesting combination)+ corn bisque (with popcorn lobster, odd but it worked)- porterhouse (unfortunately I had been waiting all week for this cut of meat, but it let me down. The NY strip was so dry and there was so much butter on it. The filet however, was good.)+ bone-in filet (I wish I ordered this special because it looked so good)+/- ribeye (standard)+ truffle mash potatoes (it's as good as the hype)- crunchy potatoes (really? I need to reread who recommended this, it's definitely not worth your money)+ fritters+ broccoli+ creamed corn (OMG so good)+ free birthday lava cake and ice cream :)* You don't have to dress up. Jeans and a polo shirt will do. On their website it says business casual and at the door it says jacket preferred, but if you call them, they'll confirm jeans and polo shirt is fine (even on a Saturday night.)* They have a $35/bottle corkage fee which is almost worth it since their cheapest cab is $24/glass and isn't very good.* For a table of 8, we spent ~$800.Note: if I could, I would've put the restaurant at a 3.5 but bumped it to a 4 since everyone else had no complaints about their meal.
5	Never been to Vegas until now.  Did a Top 10 search on Best Steakhouses of Las Vegas and PRIME was on all the lists.  So off we go for a dinner out with the guys.  Total of seven of us & with tax/tip added onto our bill (without any alcoholic drinks, but with 4 sodas) the total came up to $830.  Was it worth it?  Read on.The food was the BEST!  All of our steaks were cooked to "almost" perfection.  I say almost because for a few of us, we ordered our steaks medium and we got medium rare.  No big deal & I can only imagine how hard it is to get a steak to be that perfectly cooked between med.rare and medium so no deduction in rating for that.Our orders ranged from Filet Mignon (with bone attached) cuts to the traditional Rib Eye.  Sides included cream corn, caesar salad, stuffed potato, crispy potatoes, truffle mashed potatoes and onion soup.  ALL of it was superbly made.  We cannot say enough about the cream corn and truffle mashed potatoes.  The food was impeccable and the service was top notch.  One of the guys on the table has dogs so we asked for the bones to be placed in a box after our meal.  The server did one better and scooped more bones from the kitchen (that they were going to discard anyways) and packed it along with ours.  Totally cool....the dogs will be eating in heaven I tell you.Word of warning though.....the extra condiments for your stuffed potato (sour cream, chives, bacon, cheese) are ala carte.  The water served to your table is priced per bottle.  Yup, water is not free.  And soda refills are also not free.  The soda refill charge was no real surprise to me....but the charge for the water & the condiments for the stuffed potato were, so consider yourself warned.  :)All in all, the dinner was excellent and the restaurant is a great place to impress that special lady in your life.  The food is prepared top-notch and the service is second to none.  Will we ever go there again?  That is a definite YES.....though I might not drink so much water next time.  :)
5	Holy Chihuahuas!I've been in Filet Mignon heaven. The service?  Impeccable.The sides? Everything was wonderful. Tender. Fresh. The bathroom?  Clean, fresh smelling and no water drops on the mirror!We had Filet Mignon, squash soup, asparagus, potatoes, lovely fresh salad.  To celebrate our special occasion we were given a chocolate rich cake concoction with vanilla ice cream.  We also ordered the creme brulee - nice and creamy,  no sandy texture or plastic aftertaste -- crisp on top - not soggy!  It was pricey  - but that was expected  -- and it was worth every penny!  Here is what gave the push to 5 stars from me.  Hardly anyone knows how to make a filet well done without giving  a disclaimer, then burning it to crisp, or keeping it pink/red inside.  It is a true and skillfull chef who is able to cook a filet well done without having to excuse it by adding a disclaimer or begging the patrons to have it be butterflied.Will go there again. And again. And again.* I just want to add that I was not allowed to each chocolate cake (I'm a dog, after all ) but those with me did - and they enjoyed!*
5	Bring your high limit AMEX cuz ya gonna pay big bucks - and it is worth it!Wine list - is stellar - food is outstanding - get the seafood appetizer.Request Russell - "bad Russell" that is (self proclaimed) but is a great server just asked him!
4	As every poker player knows, you're not a baller unless you eat at Prime following a good 10/20 session. BUT...This is not really a steakhouse.  Like Charlie Palmer Steak, it is an elegant restaurant that happens to serve quality steaks.  Steak purist may be disappointed.The grilled foie gras is very good as is the steak tartare.  As for entrees, well its a steakhouse so Ive only tried the steaks.  They are always perfectly cooked.  As for sides, the gratin dauphinois is excellent.  Service is excellent.Prices are in line with other restaurants of this caliber.  The wine list is extensive with fair pricing.If you don't have reservations made well in advance, you probably won't get a table.  Have the poker room manager or your casino host take care of your last minute scheduling needs.
5	This place is truly amazing! My girlfriend and I went to Prime to celebrate my birthday and everything was nothing short of perfect! 1.) The table was awesome! - They sat us right by the side of the Bellagio lake so we can watch the water show. 2.) Service was impeccable! 3.) Food was simply amazing! - I had the rib eye and my girlfriend had the fillet mignon with the fois gras. They were awesome! I would also recommend the green peas with mint - delicious! 4.) The lava cake is irresistible! My only disappointment was that I ate too much for brunch at the Bellagio Buffet and I didn't save enough room to try the appetizer! I recommend Prime to anyone who loves steaks. I will definitely pay them another visit when I return to Vegas!
5	Went here for the first time on Monday night. UH-MAZING! I don't usually go to restaurants like these..but since I was in Vegas for work, the boss took us here. We got to sit right where they show the water show. It was pretty great :] . They ordered an onion soup for me because I can't eat seafood....fantastic. So cheesy..mm!I ordered the filet mignon..AOSDOAJDSOJIt just pretty much melted in my mouth!Never tasted anything so amazing..My sister also ordered the truffled mashed potatoes...best I have EVER tasted. It was amazing.Of course a very pricey place.It was the boss's girlfriend's birthday that day. Usually restaurants would bring out like ice cream, or a slice of cake..NOT HERE.THEY BROUGHT A FULL CAKE. It was HUGE. I was so shocked..and...it was delicious :] DEFINITELY RECOMMEND!
2	Really overpriced and pretentious.I am from the Bay Area, so I know I am spoiled in regards to great restaurants and someone from SF recommended Prime to me...what a huge disappointment.  First of all, the staff person who showed us to our table pulled the chair out for my husband and not me - while HILARIOUS, was a tip-off that the place is "off."  Our waiter was obnoxious - condescending and LOUD voice.  We had a reservation at 6 and tickets for a show at 8 - he seemed uncertain that we would be done on time, which was ridiculous as we were completely rushed through dinner.  He treated us like rubes who just fell off the turnip truck, "Heard you heard of Alaskan king crab legs?"  Really.  "Uhhh, how do you say that word, 'craaa-bbbb?'"   D'oh - annoying.  We started with a salad, which was fine, very small portion size.  I had a filet - okay, but didn't change my world.  My husband had the lamb.  Fatty.  We split some brussel sprouts and potatoes - again, really unremarkable.  Rushed service and the very loud waiter made it a not-so-fun experience.  $230.00 later, we should've skipped it. We are foodies.  Prime is not for foodies.On the plus side, elegant decor and nice views of the Bellagio fountains.
5	Oh hell yes.
2	So,if you are thinking of eating here but haven't gone to any one of the other acclaimed steakhouses in Las Vegas, I'd highly recommend you go elsewhere.  This place was a disappointment from beginning to end for us.First thing you need to know is that if you look at the menu, the only place the word prime shows up is in the title.  The steaks are not prime.  And they definitely do not taste like prime steaks.  They may have prime steaks on the menu, but unless it specifically says it is, it ain't.  Secondly, the service here sucks.  No sugar coating here.  I don't want people to make the same mistake I made and eat here when there is definitely much better in this town.  Go elsewhere for good service, or at least average service.Well, hopefully I've dissuaded you.  If not, or if you just like reading about poor dinners like watching a car accident, read on.  We ordered the crabcakes.  And this is where the problems started.  We dutifully split it in half as usual, I began eating and noted it was good, then I bit into a crab shell.  Wow, that hasn't happened to me at any decent restaurant and I've had my share of crabcakes.  Disappointed but willing to overlook this, I bit into another piece of shell.  I'm paying a pretty decent sum for a crabcake that isn't remarkable in any way, and I'm biting into shells?  Unbelievable.Next up, the salads.  Except we didn't order salads.  They were for the table next to us.  With some horror I realized that our steaks and another table's salads were on the sam f-ing cart, but they served their salad first!  I don't think they do that kind of thing at a Black Angus, much less a restaurant that claims to be a top steakhouse.  Horrified but willing to ignore the two insults already suffered, we got our steaks and sides after a bit of a pause.  My steak was ok.  18 oz bone-in ribeye.  The sauces weren't special but I'm not much of a sauce guy.  However, if you are going to pride yourself on your sauces, it should generate some interest from me.  Sides were decent.  Truffled mash potatoes were creamy, creamed spinach was what I expected.  I didn't much enjoy the bread though.  I got a pretzel roll that was extremely salty.  And then the final insult.  We finished our steaks, and waited a long time for our waiter to come back, but we didn't see him again.  The second cleaned up and brought us out the dessert menu, but that took quite some time.  At this point I hadn't seen our waiter in so long I assumed he actually left.  I thought that was incredibly rude to do that without turning the table over to someone.  Why are we ordering dessert still?  I wanted to give this place a chance to right the wrongs.  After ordering the crepe suzette (17 layers!), we waited a long time for our dessert.  A real long time.  And after finishing what I thought was a good dessert, we waited a long time for our check.  At this point our waiter returned!  We hadn't seen him since we ordered.  Apparently he had been taking care of another table.  He didn't tell us this, which would have alleviated a lot of the insult I felt by this time.  He cleared our dessert and we wanted no more of this restaurant.  It took a full 15 minutes for him to bring us our checks.  By this point we were angry.  We got here at about 6:45, and it was now 9:15.  So we spent an equal amount of time being seated, ordering and eating as we did waiting on our dessert and paying our check.  I won't be back here when there is so much better in town.
5	From start to finish an amazing meal. Beginning with the room - absolutely gorgeous setting that is incredibly elegant and breathtaking. You feel like your somewhere special just by walking in the place.The prices let you know that you are somewhere special if you know what I mean. This is a very expensive restaurant but all four of us agreed that it was money well spent.The food was interesting and cooked perfectly. Sides are enough for two or three especially since the steaks are large. Service was polished as well.Try to get a seat by the windows to see the water show.
5	I've eaten here three times.Twice with the same person, once with a friend of out of time.  When I informed the hostess that it was my friend's first time in the Bellagio and her first meal in vegas, she went out of her way to get us a table next to the glass windows overlooking Lake Bellagio and the dancing fountains.The interior of this place is gorgeous.  Silver meets blue meets creme.  Gorgeous, unusual color scheme.  Intimate lighting.  The first time I went I was a vegetarian who still enjoyed seafood, so I had seafood, flown in that morning from Alaska.  The seafood sampler I had for an appetizer was varied and fresh!The New York Peppercorn Strip Steak I've had the last two times rocks -  The seasoning is well done and the steak is moist.  Our waiter also rattled off all the ingredients in the sauces as well as brought all of them out so there was no having to pick and choose.  My partner in crime, a connoisseur who literally travels the country/world in search of quality steak, considers this one of his favorites simply for that reason.  And yes, the truffle mashed potatoes are indeed yummy.
3	Glad I wasn't looking forward to eating here, or else I would have been really disappointed. The decor, ambiance, and service was of course amazing (as in all the restaurants in the Bellagio), but the food (mainly the steak) was not on par. I had the ribeye wagyu steak and it was the worst I have ever had. It was strange, some of my pieces would be really dry and then other pieces would be overwhelmingly marbleized and fatty. I couldn't get a happy medium piece. The soy based sauce that came with it helped it a lot.Other than that, the stone crab appetizer I had was very good and fresh. I didn't like the seared foie gras (I prefer the smooth spreadable kind, this was the lumpy really livery looking kind). I had a taste of the butternut squash soup which was excellent. The mushroom side was perfect, but the truffle mashed potatoes was lacking in truffle. For dessert I had the poached pear and the coconut souffle. The poached pear dessert seemed a little bland to me. The souffle was really good and it was nice to have a coconut variation of it. I don't think I will find my way here again (sticking with CUT next time).www.anitaeat.com
4	Ambiance and Atmosphere are A+, Food is excellent, Service needs a little work.  It's in the Bellagio so you expect a little upity and they sure do deliver.  If you look past the high class attitude of the staff you see true elegance and fine dining.Our experience started off with a long wait due to a mix up with the reservation, good opportunity people watch and checkout the fountains.  They later made up for the botched reservations, but still annoying.  Very crowded for fall weekend night and the sure sign they over booked was the sight of the staff rolling out tables to setup mid evening.Steaks are surely prime cut and the kitchen really knows their stuff.  Head waiter was a bit stuffy and kept disappearing on us.  Wife has the Rib Eye, nice and tender, cooked perfectly - rare warm center.  I went off in left field and ordered the Duck - must have been the cocktails that threw me off course (nice stiff drinks $$$).  Was expecting something different but after mulling it over a few days, came to the conclusion that it was a spectacular dish.  Hearty breast fillet that cut like a steak, cooked perfectly.  The almond crust was like candy and the red wine amaretto reduction was paired perfectly.For the sides, the table shared the Truffle Mashed potatoes, Mac and Cheese, Roasted Mushrooms, Roasted Broccoli, and Crunchy Potatoes.  Mac and cheese seemed to be everyone's fav but it had too much depth (if there is such a thing) for me, if you like sharp cheese this one is for you.  The crunchy potatoes has a great name but in the end was just a deep fried baked potato.  The truffle mashed was nice and creamy.  The roasted vegetables were surprisingly good, the broccoli has some heat with the jalepenos.All in all a good experience, will definitely order steak next time!
2	When you pay PRIME prices you expect PRIME service and PRIME food. This was at least our fifth visit to PRIME and very likely our last.We have celebrated birthdays and anniversaries at PRIME and on December 23, 2010 were looking for a quiet getaway and a splurge on dinner with perfect service as we had enjoyed in the past. We arrived at our reservation time. Our prior request for a table by the window was not honored but it was a nice table and we were happy when we were seated. In all past visits I would have given PRIME a five star rating. We ordered drinks and appetizers. We soon noticed that the highly attentive, though not imposing service we have come to love and expect at PRIME was not present. Drinks took over 10 minutes and bread took 20. The shrimp cocktail was amazing as usual, keeping in mind that 4 shrimp for $20 ought to be amazing. We each ordered the Baby Iceberg Lettuce with Crispy Bacon & Maytag Bleu Cheese Dressing. This was served about 30 minutes into our visit. (By then my husband was ready for another drink and started trying to catch someone's eye to request one. Our waiter was occupied with the table of 5 seated next to us. Finally my husband asked someone else for another drink. It took at least 15-20 more minutes for the drink to arrive and the person who brought it was not our waiter and not until after we had complained to the manager.) For $18 each you might expect some interesting salad presentation. I enjoyed eating the salad but not the fact that I had to cut the lettuce myself. It looked like they had just cut a center slice of the baby lettuce head and plopped it on a plate. My husband thought the salad was too rich as there were blue cheese chunks and heavy blue cheese dressing along with very thick bacon. For the main course we each ordered the small filet mignon $44 for 8oz. These don't come with any side dishes so we also ordered sides of potatoes and mushrooms to share. We had been there about an hour by now and my drink was empty, our waters were empty and our waiter was now taking an order at a third table. I asked a staff member passing by if I could please speak to a manager. The General Manager came right to our table. I told her we were sad that the service was so poor and that our waiter seemed not to have time for us. My husband still did not have the second drink. The Manager was extremely polite and said she was very sorry and that she would take care of things. This did get things going -- though we did not like to have to complain to get decent service. My husband's second drink came a minute after she walked away. Then the filet were served but again not by our waiter. I suspect they had been sitting "up" for a while. The filet were cold to the touch but each had two small charred green chili peppers sizzling next to them. The charred pepper smell was overpowering to the point that it hit the sinus right as they lifted off the silver cover.  Within that same minute sides were delivered. We got the mushrooms but instead of potatoes, we got creamed spinach. That was it. The dinner we had been looking forward to for months was ruined. Since neither of us like hot peppers or spinach, we decided to leave. I asked for the manager again and told her that we needed to leave as the wrong side and hot peppers along with the poor service had ruined our dinner. I asked her to please charge what we had eaten up to that point to our room, but she declined to do so. She was very empathetic and offered to reseat us and start over or send whatever we wanted back to our room. This was a kind offer but we were just not up for either as our experience was ruined. By then it was around 9pm and we were just tired of trying to beg for service in what is supposed to be a four star place. After many good dinners and fond memories of the exceptionally fine service, superior food and decor as well as the beautiful view of the fountains, I don't think we will go back. This awful experience has ruined it for us. Given that this hotel opened in 1998, we both wondered whether the waiters we had so very much enjoyed in prior visits had moved on to newer places or were just not working.
3	Alright, let's cut the crap. Nice atmosphere? Yea not bad. Dry Aged Rib Eye? Yea it was pretty good. Did I go "Goo Goo Ga Ga" over this place? Absolutely not. Here's the problem I have when I go to a high end steak joint: you reach a point where the quality of the steak reaches its zenith and you're basically paying extra for the ambiance and service. If you're going to take my money, by all means, please work for it! Maybe it's just me, but I like it when the person waiting on my table is knowledgeable about the different cuts of meat. Yea, I already know all the good stuff, and I know what I'm going to order, but I find it entertaining when they go through the menu with me. Anyone off the street can stroke my ego and say, "excellent choice, Sir". Very good steak but I've had better (with a better experience) at other places. And served with steak sauces? No no no no no no nooooo, please, that's a straight up sin in my book.
5	Awesome experience! Spent a week in Vegas for our honeymoon, heard so many great things about Prime, decided to give them a try! Not a bit disappointed. Ambiance was beautiful and romantic. Had a table next to the glass windows where you over look Lake Bellagio and the fountain show. Waiter was on point, continually asked if we needed anything, etc. Paid us lots of attention, perhaps he wanted his tip, either way, he worked for it. I had the 8 oz filet mignon and hubby had the rack of lamb. We ordered 2 sides each, I suggest just ordering 1 each otherwise way to much food. Ordered the asparagus, spinach, yams and of course we had to try the truffle mashed potatoes...OMG, they melt in your mouth!!! Oh and we shared the butter nut squash soup very tasty. Too full to have dessert :-( Definitely a place to dine while in Vegas for a romantic, tasty dinner!  Make sure and make reservations, we called twice, once they didnt have any reservations left, they suggested we call back around 2:30 for any cancellations and we got lucky.  So make sure and make reservations, no walks in I'm sure.
5	Had my 30th birthday dinner here last week.. and it was absolutely a once in a lifetime night. The food is literally the most amazing thing we have ever tasted. There is nothing that beats the 12oz fillet, the truffle mashed potatoes, and the mushrooms. The Cesar salad and onion soup are perfect ways to start your meal.. and of course, for the big finale, the lava cake with Happy 30th Birthday written in chocolate ! Pricey... and I do mean.. PRICEY.. but worth it more than you know !! The window table overlooking the Bellagio fountains was well worth it. What an amazing, unforgettable night !
5	Does not get much better than this. Our table was over looking the fountains and the steaks were fabulous. What more could you ask for? But if you did, make sure you do the desserts.
4	Look, Prime is a high-end Steakhouse in the Bellagio - that's right, the Bellagio not Circus Circus, Excalibur or any other lower rent hotel.  So you can expect a pricey meal.  But here you really get what you pay for.  Steak was excellent (had the Peppercorn New York Steak, mid-rare).  Cooked to perfection and the service was impeccable.  Wine selection follows the theme of being pricey, but the server had good pairing recommendations that tied the meal together nicely.  Our table shared a few sides (asparagus, broccoli, and the mashed potatoes) all of which were excellent.  If you are in the market for a $100-$120 per person Steakhouse meal in Las Vegas, then I would highly recommend Prime.  I would definitely return on my next visit, unless the casino gods dictate that I take a more thrifty approach.
2	Don't be impressed with the decor, the location, the menu and the prices. When you go to a high-end steak house, you want a great steak, right? So let's keep it real, shall we? Our food wasn't bad but it was definitely overpriced.  I guess when I order a steak medium-well I expect it to be slightly pink, not totally gray through and through and on the tough side.  The macaroni and cheese was so sharply cheesy I honestly could not eat it.  The truffle mashed potatoes were too truffly (I didn't think that was possible until Prime). The bread basket was excellent though. The bar is very small so if you have to wait for a table you're pretty much standing in the foyer. The hosting staff has an impeccable system for knowing who is next to be seated, what time your reservation is and "remembering" your name. This impressed me a great deal.  The waitstaff was good but a bit stuffy.  The room was nicely appointed and appealingly quiet except for a large party that had three very young children with them (all certainly under 5 years old who spent a great deal of time crying and unhappy - why bring children to a restaurant like this?).    With so many options in Las Vegas, I certainly wouldn't choose to dine here again.
4	Love the place, It's inside Bellagio underground..kinda lol. I havent been here in years (last time was in 06). Decor was nice, it gives me that romantic feel. The food was great, like, It's REALLY good. The BEST lamb chops I've EVER had. Of course I've had other food as well but the lambchops makes me want to come back for more! Serve only the best of wines. The service was GREAT, it had to be! I saw Michael Jorden here from us, he was literally right next to us.. that was cool lol. But You know what they say, Big names does come first. They gave him our table the night prior. But it's okay.. he didnt know. besides, who were we comparing to him? We're only big names in the Poker industry, but him? world wide.
2	What is up with the restaurants at The Bellagio? First a totally disastrous outing with Michael Mina. An entirely mediocre experience at Olive and last night Jean-George's troops were struggling for mediocrity.Upon making reservations, we were alerted to the dress code. Jackets required. I dressed well and upon arriving a large portion of the clientele was jacketless...some downright funky. If you're going to state the rules, stick with them.Upon being seated in the beautiful surroundings we were offered menus and the wine list. The wine selection was broad and deep. The markups were also broad and deep. I know many of the wines represented and they were unreasonably priced. Silly. A glass of Veuve Cliquot was considerably more than what I'd pay for a bottle. The food....well, it was mixed. The bread was awesome. The sourdough was excellent but the pretzel bread was the real winner. We each got a piece. When I asked for another I was told they were running low and there would be no more pretzel bread for us. That was really too bad because it was the best thing on the table all evening. It was that good. I began with a salad...Heirloom Tomatoes, Burrata Cheese, Mussini Balsamic & Basil. The tomatoes were purple...a bit firm but OK. The dish was, well, ok. Kinda bland but passable. I had a steak waiting for me, right?Unfortunately, yes. A Peppercorn New York Steak with Red Onion Compote. The compote was good. The steak was very tough. Cooked to a good medium rare, it was stringy and hard to eat. I ate less than half of it. Too much work. My guest is lactose intolerant which means no butter. The kitchen could not see it's way to prepare the carrots without butter. Same with the Brussels Sprouts. Maybe if we knew Jean-Georges Vongerichten...the enfant terrible of the food scene. Ah well. I wonder if Jean-Georges has ever been in Las Vegas. Nonetheless, I'd advise to wander across the hall to Picasso or head off to the Palms to visit Alize. Now they know what they're doing.1.5 stars.
5	Just excellent all round.Service, Decor, Food and Wine all fantastics and worth the splurge.
5	My wife surprised me with reservations here for our anniversary on our last night in Vegas. The dining room has a great atmosphere - comfortable arm chairs with dim, romantic lighting - and we were seated at a table with a great view of the Bellagio fountains.After each ordering a glass of wine, we started with the bacon-wrapped shrimp for an appetizer. I had the 8-oz filet and my wife had the slow-baked salmon and we split the Yukon mashed potatoes. All of the food was fantastic and the service was equally good. They gave us dessert menus, but before we had a chance to order one of the servers brought out their signature lava cake dessert that had "Happy Anniversary" written in chocolate sauce...what a great ending to a great meal! When it was all said and done - wine, appetizer, entrees, tax, and tip - the bill came to $200.If I had to find a complaint for Prime it would be that there were only three shrimp in our appetizer, which was about $20, and that they charged us $8 for water (Fiji).
5	One of my favorite restaurants in the city. Probably the best steakhouse. Husband and I were there for our 1 anniversary on July 4th, 2010. FOODWe both enjoyed the Filets, Au Gratin Potatoes, which were the most delicious, decadent foods I've ever eaten. The Bearnaise sauce was the best I've ever experienced. They also brought a few other sauces like a peppercorn mustard and another I can't quite remember...all good.SERVICESpectacular. Helpful and always attentive. They brought us a little desert for our anniversary and made sure we always had everything we wanted.ATMOSPHEREIt's dark, plush and very romantic. The place settings and dinnerware were of high quality as expected. We sat next to a window overlooking the fountains of the Bellagio. It was after 7pm so it was dark and the lights were beautiful. When you make your reservation ask for a window seat or the patio (in the summer).OVERALLFirst, the filets are easily the best on the strip. The price is a little on the high side as compared to other places where you can fill your stomach. But it is a high-end establishment for a high-end clientele. If you're the type of person who is concerned about $8 bottled water, then Prime may not be the place for you. If you can drop around $200-300 (two people) for an excellent meal and it doesn't deplete your entire vacation fund, then I probably don't need to tell you that this is a must. Highly recommended. Go here, enjoy life because it's probably one of the best experiences you'll have.BIOJennifer(27) and Chris(31) are Vegas fanatics. Enjoying multiple trips every year, they continuously search for new and delicious findings Las Vegas has to offer.
5	Probably the best steak I have ever had. My knife actually fell through the prime cut. The sauce selection they have blew my mind. They had a separate waiter bring out a tray with 6-8 different unique selections to choose from. The view is beautiful too, right on the water where they have the fountain show. Even though this place is really fancy, they let me stroll through in jeans and a tshirt haha.
3	The GoodRibeye was solid. Very good, but nothing spectacular in comparison to other high end steakhouses.The sides were magnificent. The truffle mashed potatoes were a truly unique treat, and the mac n cheese was also tasty.We were seated with a direct view of the Bellagio Fountains, which was pretty cool.  The BadWaiter was some serial killer looking old man. Not only was he a ghost during the meal, he told me to "hold on" when I tried to hand back the bill. The couple next to us shared our agitated sentiment. Then again, we were the only "young" people in the establishment. We actually became acquainted, and I invited them to join our table at the club later haha...only in Vegas.OverallMy rating is leaning towards 3.5, as I really enjoyed the sides, but I can't ignore the atrocious service.
5	Reservations a must. Great food. Had their special Kobe steak. It was beyond good as the meat just melted in your mouth. The sides were average- nothing stood out. Extensive wine list. Order a recommended red that complemented the food well. Decor was beautiful. We had 12 people in our party so we received a small room to the side. Felt like a rockstar walking in.
5	best in all categories
4	After reading some reviews I was a bit dissapointed that this place couldn't keep to one standard. Lucky for me I was one of the guests that enjoyed my meal and the service.We got a table in the back of the restuarant in between the kitchen entrance and the bathroom. Not very happy about that but I guess thats what I get for making a late reservation.There was three of us and we all kind of shared our meals. Caesar salad to start. BOO this was the worst part of the meal. I felt like the salad wasnt freshly tossed in the dressing, but was sitting there getting soggy and unpleasant. We ordered the porterhouse, filet, and off the menu a bone in filet. All cooked to a perfect medium rare. The bone in really took our breath's away. At $70 it damn well better! The other two steaks were very good as well. Nice cuts and cooked to perfection.We ordered the mac n cheese. It was good but I have had better.Also the broccoli with cheddar. Not that great. something about cheddar cheese to me just makes a meal cheap. Overall, it was a great meal and great service. We didnt have any wine with dinner but their list is very impressive. Make sure you call a head of time and request a table with a view of the fountains as that as truly a special event to see during dinner.
5	Decor: Top notch - fancy french, very clean & classyService: A serious professional wait staff.  I have a rule: if the waiter is older than my dad the food is going to be awesome!  They also sat us window seat to have an amazing view of the Bellagio fountain show.Food: WOW!  This is what I would envision as a last meal type of place!  Yes, really it was that good. Price:Be ready to drop 300.00 for a really nice meal for two people.
5	I haven't been here in two years but I can still feel the filet mignon melting in my mouth. The ambience of the indoor dining room is above par, although due to the glamour that is Vegas it pales a little in comparison to some of it's nearby counterparts. The wine list is extensive and fair and their white chocolate martini is one of the best I've ever had. I started with The steak tartare. Of the five times I've had this dish this ranks second (to Tony Bourdain's). The entree was amazing. The truffle mashed potatoes seasoned perfectly, the filet melting in my mouth. They asked my party if we would like to move to the terrace for dessert with water fountains. The chocolate Lave cake was intense and could have used a little more ice cream ala mode. Overall one of the best meals of my life.
3	I went with a few guys to Vegas for a bachelor party weekend, so we hit up a few nice restaurants.The three of us ordered the top 3 most expensive steaks on the menu and split them, so we could all try each of the steaks.  None of them impressed me. The flavor was a little watered down. Still ok, but certainly not $70 steaks.  I've had better at Ruth's Chris, and I'm not really a Ruth's Chris fan.  The truffled mashed potatoes were incredible, but they were $14 for a little side.I asked the waiter why there were only 2 steaks on the menu that were dry aged, and he tried to tell me that wet aged was just as good as dry aged.Overall the service was cool, and I loved the ambiance - probably the most impressive ever. But I don't think I'll be going back.
5	My husband and i went to Vegas for our honeymoon, and when we travel, we love to eat. This was THE best steak we had in town. We got there a little earlier then our reservation so we were able to change it to seat outside, front row seat to the water show, and perfect romantic night! We loved the food, and the scenery! The service outside on the patio could use some improvement but overall we were very satisfied!
5	Best steak I've had in my life.
3	I took my fiance here to celebrate the two of us getting engaged and was looking for a nice, romantic dinner.  Great atmosphere and view of the fountains!  Unfortunately, it took three tries to get my bone-in filet right. I asked for medium and got medium well-well. I sent it back and got my cut steak cooked longer until fully well. They obviously weren't listening to what I said. They re-did it again and got it right.  My fiance's peppercorn NY Strip was overcooked on the first try (ordered med. rare and received med. plus), as well.  It was sent back and replaced with a rare to medium rare steak (not perfect but acceptable).  Truffle mashed and crab mashed were great!  Steak had good flavor but I'm not sure if it was $70 quality, though. I've definitely had better steaks for half the price.  The ambiance and front row patio seating for the fountains made up for alot.Service was below par for the level that you expect in a restaurant of this caliber.  Our waiter "forgot" about us several times.  He basically disappered from our table, only to be seen serving couples that arrived after us.  Like I mentioned before, the service was sub-par.Great location with romantic views of the fountains but that can only take a restaurant so far.  The food and service must be kept at the same level.  The photographer that comes around and takes pictures, which will be available for purchase, did a great job.  She took some great shots and provided a great memory of a special dinner / trip.  The pictures were resonably priced, as well.Next time, we'll try one of the many other high-end steakhouses in Vegas.
2	It was my 30th birthday and I wanted to go somewhere out of or norm and figured after wanting to go here many vacations before FINALLY splurged to eat here, but unfortunately the hype fell very short!We made reservations for 5:00 and I was disappointed there was no confirmation call or e-mail to say hey your reservation is booked, etc. I had to call and I guess call me crazy, but it's that extra little touch that at least makes you feel special.On a bright note, my wife and I did get to sit outside on the patio in the nearest table facing the fountain which was an experience to say the very least. It really felt VIP like to sit that close to the fountain and with a sun burn getting the mist from the fountain show upon its completion was an added bonus.Collectively we had the same problem with our steaks. We both ordered the filet mignon medium and it was more of a how to cook steak diagram. The ends were burnt, the middle was far from medium, and that just didn't cause for a great feeling. We also ordered crab mashed potatoes which were way too buttery and the crunchy potatoes which certainly lived up to that, but that's NOT a good thing. It was too crisp on the outside and mashed in the middle, but the taste honestly just wasn't there.The worst feeling overall was hearing my wife feel like she didn't belong there. It seemed from the very beginning the staff felt that as well and displayed that all through the meal. It seemed they looked down on us and my wife even said one of them ran to our table after we left just to make sure we paid. REALLY? If I was in the right mindset I would have dealt with that, but honestly Kharma is a you know what.Truth be told they can continue to prepare sub par side orders and wow with a chef who clearly didn't know a medium prepared steak without us. Now drench your house made steak sauce in that Prime!
4	We celebrated our anniversary here. Very nice and good atmosphere. Food was delicious and the staff was great. They even brought us a complimentary dessert as a surprise for our anniversary, which was very thoughtful. We had a great time.  We got sat at a table with a window seat and watched the fountains front row and center.  Worth the $ for a special event.
4	Prime Steakhouse was awesome.  Went in this weekend with some friends.  I have heard a lot about this place, but it really is a top of the line steakhouse.  It is as pricy as they come, however, you get what you pay for.  I strongly recommend this to anyone with a taste for good steak.
2	I almost feel like a jackass for giving this such a low rating, but since my experience didn't feel any special, why not be honest right?Once arriving at Prime, I noticed that things seemed to be a little out of order. My group (4 of us) had made a reso for 8pm, and arrived about 10 minutes early. Once I went to the hostess to confirm, she had told me it would be about 20 minutes (place was not even half full). Now, I don't mind waiting at all. I've been in the restaurant biz all my life, and I know the tricks of the trade. Mainly, when a restaurant is empty and they tell you to wait, it's generally a way to get you over to the side bar to buy a round of drinks. Usually I would take the bait because Kris loves me some drankssss....but this time we decided to pass since we were drinking at the pool all day.Once finally seated, the service was outstanding. If there was no food involved, I would give this place 5 stars on the service I recieved. By service, I mean someone who greeted us quickly, explained the menu in detail, provided a wine list, and made sure drinks were filled at any opportunity they could be filled.Now on to the food. EHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH.I am no food snob. I would rather eat nachos and dirty water hot dogs then have a fancy french dinner. However, I do enjoy a nice outing every now and then, and don't mind spending for it. The sides were very good. It was a few weeks back, but I remember getting a potato side that was outstanding. Also, their side of brocali was perfect.The real problem was the steaks. 3 out of 4 of them were just horrendous. I ordered the Ribeye. I order Ribeyes' just about every where I go for steak. Mainly bc of the quantity, and the heaviness to the cut. This was probably the fattiest steak I have ever seen in my 26 years on earth. Where did they cut this from, the cows ass? Seriously, I was perplexed as to which part of the cow this fat came from. I looked around and almost laughed out loud because I thought I might have been on a game show. I ate up all of the side dishes, and the portions were a good size. I left about 3/4 of the steak with all of the fat cut up on the plate. Now, I would NEVERRRR complain about food at a restaurant, it's just no my style. The way I look at it, I CAME INTO YOUR KITCHEN, and you cooked for me. If I don't like it, shame on me. However, being a bartender I know that if I saw my guest barely touch his 60 or 70 dollar entree, I would ask if something was wrong. The server didn't say a word as he took my plate, which made me want to shove it down his throat. (Just kidding, wanted to add dramatic effect!)All in all, very nice place but I am sure there has to be better options for an expensive steak. And if there isn't, Im sticking to sushi and hooters.
3	Good food. All of our entrees (dry aged rib eye, seared scallops, and lamb) and sides (gratin, mac and cheese, onion rings, and sweet potatos) were great.Service was awful! It was as if we had two waiters they just pulled offf the Strip who had never served anyone before. From the start, we had to ask for cocktails because we weren't asked if we wanted a drink. My water was never refilled the entire night! We were going to order dessert but it took them 30 min to come take our order so we just asked for the check. Then when we were trying to pay, again no attention, we were literally waving our check in the air to try and get someone's attention. If you can stand being ignored all night long, the food is relatively good. The 3 star rating is my average - Good rating for the food. Awful rating for the service.
2	This was my second time at Prime and I was really looking forward to the same wonderful experience I had the first time a few years back. To start with, this was a Monday night at about 9:00pm. My wife and I took our 2 friends there after bragging about our last experience. We did not have reservations but we were easily seated, unfortunately in the very back part of the restaurant as far away from the fountain as can be. The evening began pleasantly enough with our drink order from the bar. My wife ordered a very dirty martini and absolutely loved it. Our friend ordered a Lemon Drop and unfortunately it tasted more like syrup than anything else. She refused to send it back and made the best of it. After placing our complete order we asked the waiters assistant if we could have some bread (like we noticed the other tables were having almost immediately after being seated, not us) and the response was a bit stiff with "I'll be there as soon as I can." We were eventually served some delicious sourdough bread and pretzel bread. The bread was delicious and we made quick work of it. As it was taking a while for our food to be prepared (no complaint here as good food should take some time) we asked the waiters assistant if we could have some more of the pretzel bread. His response this time was "we are out of pretzel bread because it is so late, that is also why you didn't get any raisin bread." Let me state that 9:00pm in Las Vegas is not late. I am also not sure what the point was to tell us what we didn't get. My wife then asked for more sourdough and his response was "Are you sure? You have a lot of food coming." After making it clear that we would still like to have the bread it was brought out without any further comment. We took it with a grain of salt and let it go.The rest of the entrees were eventually brought out and the food was fabulous. Paying a premium at a nice restaurant is a treat for most people, like us. We absolutely do not mind doing it but when the experience falls short, then it makes it so not worth it. As much as I enjoy the food at Prime, I feel that this may have been my last visit there. I will happily try one of the many other Steakhouses with excellent Yelp reviews the next time I am in Vegas.
4	My wife and I recently dined at Prime and were both very impressed.  I made a reservation the same day and since the restaurant overlooks the Bellagio Fountains, requested a seat with a view.  Given the last minute reservations I doubted my request would be granted but sure enough, we had front row seats to the show.  The waitstaff was extremely professional and courteous.  They knew their menu and wine choices and made our experience extremely enjoyable.  The food was tremendous and the sides were mouth watering.  It was a bit pricey but that's what you can expect from a Vegas steak house.  I'd certainly visit again next time we are in Vegas.
2	I like a good steak.  This restaurant had decent meat, but they chose to mask it quite heavily with sauces and/or crusts.  If it a quality meat, it should stand on its own.  Sauces and crusts are good, but only a small quantity.  There was just too much.The service seemed good for the other patrons, but not for us.  We were the youngest in the restaurant, or at least the youngest looking, and that is what probably led to our lack of service.  That being said, I was dressed as nice if not better than most with a classic suit and tie.  Passing busboys were of more service than our waiter, who took our order and gave us our check.  I am a decent tipper of at least 20% for average service, so this guy judged us and spent more time with older customers.  Oh well, why dissappoint him with a generous tip.  I did, however, let the manager know that I wanted the tip money to go to the busboys because they did our waiters job.  He offered me a complimentary meal, but I declined.  Why should I have to deal with high prices AND no service.  There are other better steakhouses that I will review shortly that are head over heels better than Prime.
4	This is one of my favorite restaurants to visit while in Las Vegas.  It was so good that my husband and I went back another night for another delicious dinner.  I started my dinner off both nights with the Burrata and tomatoes which was absolutely delicious.  The porterhouse melted in your mouth.  The second night wasn't as good as the first night but was still a very good.  Our salads came out so quickly that we hardly had time to enjoy the bread basket, which by the way has some really good pretzel bread and a delicious raisin bread too.   I guess it was a slow night and the kitchen wasn't busy.  I'm not complaining since the food is so good here.   The waiters and bus boys are very efficient.  I'm not a big wine enthusiasts but my husband is and it is hard to find a bottle of wine for a reasonable price. They are there you just have to look hard for them.Save room for desserts since they are yummy!
5	This place is a very good dining experience. The greeters, waiters, managers and chefs are all on point. It has to be good to be in Vegas, and even better to be in the Bellagio. The steaks are super well aged meats and always cooked to perfection. I have eaten here 10-12 times and ordered something different each time. It has always been great. They have a huge seafood platter served as an appetizer. Its HUGE and has oysters, mussels, large prawns, lobster, and some other fish varieties. It serves the whole table as an appetizer from 2 to 10 people and is incredible.Highly recomment you stay away from the buffets for one night and check Prime out.
2	Not impressedJust ok. Was expecting mouth melting steaks, and all I got was an outrageous check.
5	Excellent service and excellent steaks.  High quality by the glass wine menu.  I am surprised at all the poor reviews.  Glad we did not encounter any problems.  Our reservation was on a Sunday at 5pm as we had a show to catch.  We were the first ones seated and had a very attentive wait staff.  No problems.Each member of the party thought their steaks were one of the best that they have had.  Two of us had 18oz bone in ribeyes and two had 8oz filet mignon.  Steaks were amazing on their own and the various sauces were interesting.One odd finding is that the broccoli was spicy at two different steak houses in Vegas.
5	A long time favorite, still puts out great steaks, ambiance, exceptional wine list and spirits (only place I've seen 50 year Macallan) and impeccable service.  Prime Steakhouse is a classic throwback to 1930s style chop houses, well worth the visit.  Their bone-in Rib eye is amazing!
4	Excellent powerhouse steak but we did wait over an hour for food
5	Wow. Where is the 6-star button when you need it?My girlfriend and I came here for our 1 year anniversary dinner. I made the reservation and then called a couple days ahead of time to request a window seat (we wanted to watch the Bellagio fountains while we ate). The man said he would try but he couldn't promise anything, so I wasn't expecting anything. But they had our window table for two all ready when we showed up!If you are looking for a fantastic steak, amazing service and an impressive wine list, this is it. Everyone from the hostess to the wait staff to the bus boys were attentive and polite and made us feel very welcome. As a couple in their young 20s on a budget, we appreciated how welcoming they were. It was one of the most expensive meals I have ever payed for (and we picked one of the the lesser expensive "budget" bottles on the wine list) so we were looking to be pampered. The employees at Prime did not disappoint. The food was even better! I had the Boston lettuce salad, 18oz. bone-in ribeye. She had the caesar salad and the 8oz. filet mignon. We shared the garlic mashed potatoes and chile broccoli. I am not a huge fan of buttery mashed potatoes but this bowl was pretty incredible. For dessert we shared a special anniversary lava cake and vanilla ice cream. They spelled out "Happy Anniversary" on the plate in chocolate syrup, and it was on the house!I wish I could remember the name of our waiter. I want to say it started with a J (Joseph, maybe?). Anyway, he's probably mid-40s, and I do remember that his nametag says he's from Costa Mesa, CA. Leave him a good tip because he deserves it.Can't wait to go back.One FYI (not really a complaint) -- they prefer the men to wear jackets, but they don't have a coat check.
5	I've waited so long to be able to write this review. I finally got to eat here for my birthday last weekend, and wow it was SO worth the wait. We started off in the bar and were served by 2 awesome guys...Doug and (not sure other guy's name). Turns out all the bartenders have been here since it opened 13 years ago, so you know they like their jobs and they are happy to chat with you. 2 dirty martinis with blue cheese stuffed olives please! OMG...do NOT miss these olive. 2 more please!We had requested a special seat for my birthday so we could see the fountains, and even though we had to wait a little bit (2 more please!) it was SO worth it. Best seat in the house!Miguel was our server and he was so nice and knowledgeable....I loved how he took time to speak with each table and we did not feel rushed or pressured. Here's what we had:Steak Tartare - a very delicate portion of raw beef with some sort of spicy mayo...very good. I think it was a bit light for 2 people to share though. French Onion Soup - (BF's starter) Oh wow...super chunky, hot, cheesy deliciousness...this could be a stand-alone meal and in hindsight, it probably was too heavy to have before the steak. Ceasar Salad - (my starter) Honestly jut ok. Nothing special to the dressing. Filet - (BF's steak) Cooked a perfect medium rare with just the right amount of searing. So soft you could cut it with a spoon. Bone-in Filet - (my steak). There's nothing I love more than a bone-in filet. Imagine the juciest, tenderest, mouth-wateringest piece of meat, and then throw extra flavor on top of that from the bone. This was a special that night, and Miguel had to go ask Chef to find me one because they were sold out by the time I ordered. If this is on the menu when you go, do NOT pass it up. Amazing, I'm still slobbering over it. The only "ding" I will give them is that you can't bring in your own wine. We brought a special bottle all the way from CA for my b-day, and they would not let us cork it. I get it, they need to make money, but it seems like they could have bent the rules just this once. Overall, a fantastic meal. I've been asked if I think it's the best steakhouse in Vegas (that I've been to) and I think it edges out Craftsteak by a margin. Save your money and try this place!
4	This is the place to go for a nice romantic dinner. right by the fountain. very beautiful. try to get a table outside on the patio or by the window. be polite and tell the host/hostess you are willing to wait. they are very accomodating. be aware they have a dress code (business casual) which is by definition very broad to most people. men have to wear pants. period. women can wear anything except shorts. jeans and tennis shoes are acceptable??? wtf? we had come the night before and we were dressed in polo golf shorts and short sleeve dress shirts. dress sandals. i worked at amex and we had business casual fridays and this was acceptable at the office, but surprise surprise NOT acceptable to eat at Prime. (it was 112 degrees that day) so we were asked to wear their pants they had available or come back. this is fine, the killer to me was the people in front of us (a party of 4) all had on crappy old jeans and tennis shoes and they got in.......hmm business casual??? anyway we did go back the next night (with pants) and had a great meal.
5	4.7 stars.Superb staff, discreet and alert. One of the best staff anywhere. We were originally mis-booked at 2 separate tables, but when our party raised this with the hostess, she re-arranged house seating to accommodate our party within  5 minutes - seamless service at its best.Best steak in Vegas - enjoyed this steak over Smith & Wollensky's and Capital Grille. Seamless service throughout entire meal - party of 15 was attended to by a team of servers without interruption. Members enjoyed their meal at varying pace within the party, while service remained completely unobtrusive yet attentive. One of the best dining staff I've ever experienced.Gorgeous, opulent decor. Luxe floor-to-ceiling drapery, larger-than-life floral arrangements.
4	The Prime Steakhouse is an elegant restaurant tucked away within the confines of the Bellagio Hotel. Unlike the other steakhouses located on the strip, the Prime is one of those classy restaurant that caters to the sophisticated diner with high expectations in service and the quality of the food. Reservations are strongly recommended and an evening in this restaurant will set you back a minimum of $250 for two people. Overview: I have visited at this restaurant a total of 3 times in the past several months and I was never once disappointed. The service is outstanding and they will generally try to work with the customer to provide the best possible dining experience. One of the Prime's main selling point is that they feature dry aged beef that has been aged for over 30 days for the best possible flavor. They also have a varied selection of wines to compliment your dinner. PROS: An enjoyable and sophisticated atmosphere, excellent staff, and quality cuts of beef. CONS: The restaurant has a dress code posted requiring dinner jackets for men. However, that dress code is loosely enforced. I have seen some guests come in with a dress shirt and jeans. Restaurant Class: Lower-Upper Food: (4 out of 5 stars) The steaks are well prepared and cooked to order. And the dry aged ribeye do not disappoint. Any steak you order in this restaurant will be a quality cut of beef. The side dishes were also surprisingly good. They are also large enough to be shared. The only negative thing I noticed about the steaks was that it was a bit on the salty side for my palliate. But that can be easily remedied by ordering your steak with less salt or unsalted. Atmosphere: (4 out of 5 stars) If you are celebrating a special occasion or just want to have a romantic dinner, this restaurant is definitely for you. The atmosphere is relaxing yet vibrant enough to keep your attention; and the mood is sophisticated, yet subtle enough to have a little fun. Lastly, you can never go wrong with a window seat overlooking the Bellagio fountains. Cleanliness: (4.5 out of 5 stars) The entire dining room is kept virtually spotless and comfortable. The tables are cleaned frequently with fresh linens and table cloths. Service: (4 out of 5 stars) The staffs are all absolute professionals. They know their jobs and they know what the customer expects out of them. In fact, they are so detailed oriented that they will give the gentlemen wearing a dark suit a black linen instead of a white one. Restroom Facilities: (3.5 out of 5 stars) Despite this restaurant's location, it does have it's own facilities. And like the dinning room, the restrooms are kept relatively clean and well stocked. Additionally, the men's room also comes with complimentary amenities like lotion or hair cell.
2	I know I'm a bit ridiculous for going to a steakhouse being a Vegetarian. However, I knew I would have limited options and knew what I would order prior to arriving at the restaurant. That being said, my limited amount of options is NOT the reason for my low rating. I went with a few girls for Valentine's Day, for fun and for a nice fancy dinner before a girls night out. We were seated and it took about five minutes before we were greeted by our server (at least who we thought was our server). He disappeared for a bit and then came back to ask what we would like to drink. I fully understand that it was a busy night, but I know that restaurant is busy in general, and can handle busy nights. After our drink orders were taking, we waited about ten minutes before receiving them, and another ten minutes until a completely different server took our orders. I understand its odd that I venture to steakhouses and don't order meat, but I don't make a fuss over what I eat; so I really didn't understand why the server had to give me a disapproving look when I didn't order a meat item. I wish I was exaggerating with the amount of time between when we would see our server (if at all) but I'm not. Our reservation was at 9:30pm and we left the restaurant close to midnight. Considering that this restaurant has earned a Triple A 4-diamond rating, I assume it solely due to the steaks, chops, and seafood options. On a happy note, I loved the truffle mashed potatoes! Luckily, we were seated close to a window and as always, any view of the fountains is breath-taking :).
5	The best steak hands down!  Service is the best.  I ate here twice, once outside and it was so magical because of the fountains.  There is mist from the fountains be warned.  Inside was amazing and everything we ordered was made perfectly. The best.
5	Ever wondered what the holy grail of steakhouses looks/smells/feels and most of ALL TASTES like? Yes, you guessed it--Jean Georges can do no wrong! Absolutely EVERYTHING from the minute you walk into the restaurant to consume and experience is 10 notches above top notch.Going through the meal chronologically-- The wine list needs to be tackled by someone with experience or a sommelier. Do not attempt to navigate this if you're a novice! The freshly made bread basket has a mix of pretzel bread, nut/raisin loaf slices, and an awesome sourdough with room temperature butter that spreads very easily and is of the FRESHEST variety you can get when it comes to tableside bread and butter Get off your high horse aversion to salads/vegetables and order one of these:*Market Tomatoes -- the Burrata in here can kick the CRAP out of the kind made in most multi century old Italian institutions*PRIME Chopped Vegetables -- a classic that's light enough for you to handle the onslaught main course*Roasted Baby Beets -- the pairing of yogurt, balsamic, and hazelnuts almost belongs in a great brunch place but works well pre-main course The clear standout in the meat department is the filet mignon. There's no rivaling this steak in terms of the meat itself, cooking technique applied, and balance of seasoning. However, should you choose to order something else:*Roasted Organic Chicken -- the crispy skin, balance of seasoning, and tender meat will send your taste buds to new heights. The unfortunate side effect is that It will forever make you scoff at grocery store roast chicken.*Braised Beef Shortribs -- this could easily fall in anyone's legit list for a last meal dish. Its fatty, juicy, and tender chunks of meat are euphoria inducing. DO NOT hit up a club after this because food coma is absolutely expected! Side dish standouts:*Ginger Sweet Potatoes -- clearly in a league of its own. This has converted sweet potato and ginger haters alike.*Tempura Battered Onion Rings -- this raises an important question: why don't more places tempura batter?*Glazed Market Mushrooms  -- a nice blend of unique mushrooms (not just garbage white/button mushrooms) in (what tasted like) a red wine reduction DessertThe Valrhona molten chocolate cake -- the quality of chocolate used here will make you think twice about ordering this anywhere else in the future Some parting words--give this place the respect it deserves and show up wearing something nice. No doubt your girl will (cause she understands that sorta thing), so you should too.If Yelp allowed 6 stars, Prime should get 7!
3	I had reservations for 4 at 7:30 pm on a Tuesday night in September.  We did not have to wait a minute. We were seated at a  great table that had a view of the fountains.  The atmosphere is nice, very upscale and service was as expected for this type of restaurant.  However, I have had more knowledgeable servers.  Since it was restaurant week in Vegas when we were in town, I ordered off the special menu to save lots of dollars! But I had to ask for the special restaurant week menu.  I ended up getting the bacon wrapped shrimp, salmon with bok choy and berries for dessert for $50.  My salmon was cooked perfectly and a large portion.  The bread basket had pretzel bread (delish) and a cranberry and french bread.  My husband ordered off the normal menu, he got the 12 oz filet with a side of creamed spinach.  Very good.  Overall, the experience was good. And food was on par to what I expected.  I was not wowed though.  So I probably will not go back since there are many other restaurants on the trip worth trying.
5	Amazing! Great cuts! Delicious sides, especially the balck truffle mashed pot. Love this place!
3	So this steakhouse was pretty good, but to be honest STK @Cosmo or SW@ Wynn or Botero @Encore are better.  I had the bone in Filet with the crab mashed potatoes that was the chef's special for the evening.  Both were very good.  I started with an heirloom tomato and mozzarella salad, very good, but hard to mess that up.Creamed spinach was very boring and lacked flavor. I had to add salt to it & was missing the 'creamed' part of it.  Mashed potatoes were too soupy for me, was like baby food.  But the creamed corn was a definite winner.  Their peppercorn sauce was rather boring for me.  We asked for a table by the window or water so we could watch the Bellagio water show.  We go the furthest thing from it.  Some lady came and asked if we wanted our pictures taken at the table...TACKY...where are we Disneyworld???  They also were over booked or something b/c towards the end of the meal we felt pressured to 'hurry up and go'  like they needed the table.Very upscale atmosphere, business meeting dinner rather than a date place {stk is a date place}.see pix of my salad
5	I have had the pleasure of eating at Prime several times and each time it just gets better.The staff is friendly, knowledgeable and fast.  The food is outstanding!  I have never had steak like Prime's before, nor have I ever been able to find anything that comes close.My last visit I had the Coconut Souffle after it was suggested by a friend.  I'm someone who doesn't like coconut, but this was one of the best desserts I have ever had.The prices are high, but it is totally worth it.  I am more then happy to put in the extra overtime at work just so I can go to Prime when I'm in Vegas.
4	I love steakhouses, steak, and different kinds of steak. What I love about Prime by Jean Georges, is that's its consistently good, which isn't the case with a lot of steakhouses. The service is always top notch, the dining room has a classy steakhouse feel to it, and it overlooks the beautiful Bellegio fountains. I tend to stick to the Rib Eye but the Fillet is also excellent and tender, and you can't really fo wrong with any of the starters. Been there many times and will continue to do so whenever I'm staying at the Bellagio. Never had a bad meal there.
5	My husband and I went here to celebrate his 30th and we were VERY impressed with the food here.While it is expensive (expected), the food is excellent. It is the best filet mignon I've had - perfectly cooked with a fabulous flavor. We split the mac n cheese and truffle mashed potatoes which were both DELICIOUS.While we were a little disappointed that they didn't give us a window seat when we called to request one, they made up for it by giving my husband a free dessert for his b-day!While we couldn't go here on an average night, it was the perfect place to celebrate, and I would recommend it to anyone looking for a good steak dinner in Vegas.
5	BY FAR THE BEST STEAK HOUSE EVER!!!!!!and Beau is an awesome server. I wont go for 6 months and this guy remembers exactly hat I want to eat!:) love this place would eat here every time I was in Vegas if I had the $$$
3	Went here for my boyfriends birthday dinner. As soon as we walked in, we were seated right away. I loved the way that the place looked and the service was outstanding! I asked where the restroom was, and our waiter walked me directly to it, even opening the door for me. When I came back my napkin was neatly folded on the table.They really cater to you and make you feel special.The reason why I only gave this 3 stars is because my boyfriend (who was the birthday boy) ordered the porterhouse and wanted it medium. He started to eat it and when he got towards the center, it was clearly rare. He continued to just eat the edges, but he barely put a dent in it. He stated that he didn't want to complain, but he was not happy at all that he couldn't even eat his steak. We brought it up to the waiter, which offered to bring out another one. My boyfriend declined since he had a little bit of it, and was not about to try to start eating another one. With that said, I loved the food. Pricey, but I was prepared to spend $$$$. I wish that my boyfriend could have enjoyed it more but they made up for it. He got a free dessert and he loved everything else, but his porterhouse. Again the service was great, sort of a long wait in between courses, but you have the fountain to watch.
2	Yeah, not the best place I have had steak.  My rib-eye was actually very good but my wife's fillet trio was just plain bad. But what really made me give Prime two stars was the service.  Mike and Walter were our servers.  Walter was great but Mike, not so much.  Basically he was just indifferent towards us.  I expect more from a $$$$ steak house.
4	Filet mignon and service was excellent!!
4	Jean-Georges Vongerichten does steak, in Vegas - AND it's not going for the stupid Vegas prices I've become accustomed to... What's not to like?I had the lamb - cooked to perfection, served with a selection of house-made sauces.  Delicious.Well done, again JGV, well done indeed...
5	One of the Best Restaurants that I have ever been too.So my girlfriend and I went to Vegas to celebrate our 2 year anniversary and I wanted to book a nice dinner with a nice view of the Bellagio Fountains. I eventually decided to make an online reservation at Prime with a request to have a table with a view of the Bellagio Fountains. So we get to the restaurant and noticed some available outside seating and it turned out that one of those seats outside right next to the water was ours! So my girlfriend had the filet mignon and I had the 18oz bone-in prime rib. We decided to share the sides which were buttered mushrooms, creamed spinach, and garlic mashed potatoes along with some red wine. Let me tell you, the meal was ABSOLUTELY AMAZING. The steak was cooked perfectly and the sides accompanied the meal well. The view of the fountains was so picturesque and there were speakers that played the music of the fountain show. It was a magical night.I think what made this night mostly memorable were the little things that made you feel like you were high-class. The host and server greeted us "Happy Anniversary". They even brought out a little lava flow cake for dessert with the words "Happy Anniversary" written in chocolate syrup. They even had a professional photographer who took photos of us which we eventually bought 2 of them as souvenirs for our night.The only thing of note is that this restaurant is not for the budget-conscious. A dinner for 2 can easily set you back a $200+ if you go all-out, but my girlfriend and I don't go out to eat at restaurants all the time and this was a special occasion so I didn't really flinch twice at the prices. We got what we paid for.Great restaurant! Amazing steak. Highly-recommended for a romantic night! Will definitely go back again!
5	- Call ahead at least a day or two (for a weeknight) prob a week or two for weekends- Ask for a lake view- Dress code: no shorts, nice jeans ok, collared shirts-Estimate for two people with 4 alcoholic drinks $260-The bigger the party the further away they seat u from the windows.- And DON'T stuff your self with bread (i know, I know it's my weakness too)I called to make my reservations and said it was my B-day ( i lied.) I just REALLY wanted a nice table with a lake view. And it totally worked. My BF and i got the coolest lil booth facing the lake. I don't really care for meat. But Holy @#$%! The Filet Mignon was SOOOOO good and the Yukon mashed potatoes and creamed spinach purrrrfecto!. I even got a comp'd dessert (which I'm ok with cuz i lost big at the table at the Bellagio.)   The service was as classy as it gets. Dare i say this was the best meal i've ever had.  Meow.
5	When searching for the perfect steak in Vegas, all forums and review rated Prime as one of, if not, the best. We made weeknight reservations the morning prior to our meal, dressed appropriately, 10 min. early, and were promptly seated.We were seated away from the windows/fountains, but could still take in the sights from our table. The room is dimly lit and decor is dark in the classic steak house vibe. We didn't do wine, but had coctails with dinner. Then menu is ala carte and the sides are big enough to share. My fillet was perfectly prepared at med. rare and arrived with the standard three sauces on the side. My wife had the sea bass and was happy with it. She said it was nothing amazing and admitted she should have done steak and the steak house.The service was attentive. All in all a very good meal and one of the best steaks that I have had.
5	Awesome!I was going to dock this place 1 star for the prices but then i realized they were pretty consistent with every other steakhouse I've eaten in.  I went with a group 7 and we unanimously decided that this steakhouse was amongst the best we've dined in-not one complaint.  My lamb chops, although not medium well as i requested, was very tender and flavorful.  The broccoli rob that accompanied the lamb was good but a bit more bitter than i was anticipating.  Fries were great.What sets this steakhouse apart from the rest was the ambiance.  The windows of the place looked right out on to the bellagio lake; we got great views of the water show all throughout the meal...nice little touch.  Service was outstanding; our waiter was polite, professional and attentive.Like i said, a standard 3 course meal with drink and tip will cost well over $100pp so be prepared for that.Bottom line-highly recommended, particularly if you're not on a budget.
3	Went to a rehearsal dinner in August 2011 at Prime. The place is beautiful. Everyone was in place and the guests all looked fantastic. The food was of course really expensive and the portions were small. We all took a group photo.. and each guest got a copy that was very nice so we could remember the evening. Until the manager realized he had made a mistake and they were not paid for. He immediately took all the photos back and told us if we wanted them we had to purchase them for $40!! All in all it was a good time, long walk for Aria Hotel but I would say it was worth it.
4	Steak grilled to perfection! D I N N E RWe started our dinner off with the seafood platter -- crab legs, oysters, mussels and shrimp served of ice.  It was fresh; especially the oysters! I remember the oysters melting in my mouth as I squeezed a lemon on top and slurped each one into my mouth! I ordered the fillet mignon and my fiance ordered the rib-eye.  The fillet mignon was great; grilled exactly how I liked it -- medium rare.  I personally enjoyed the rib-eye only because the cut was more tender.  We were told the meat has been aged for a period of time which indeed brought out the flavor in the beef. Can't wait to go back to this place the next time we visit! S E R V I C E The service was phenomenal; waiters are well attentive to your needs. They are very personal & are consistently checking up on you making sure the food is tasting great. We got a lakeside view next to the window, so we got the chance to see the water show in front of the Bellagio nemerous of times. It's much more pleasurable to watch from the inside of the restaurant rather than standing with the crowd of tourists outside! :) I enjoyed the romantic ambiance of the restaurant -- quiet, dimmed lights and tables covered in white table cloths with candles lit on the table. There was a photographer that came around each table to take pictures; she even showed us how to pose for the camera! Now, THAT was definitely a first experience in a restaurant! But unfortunately we left too soon before she was able to come back to our table. We were given two complimentary guest passes two the Bank night club as well at the end of our dinner.  By far the best service I've received in a restaurant! If you're a steak-lover, this place is a must try!
5	If a six star existed, Prime would be the one to get it. I had one of the most delicious meals of my life in one of the most beautiful settings around. Imagine eating a 5 star steak meal window-side to an eye-level view the Bellagio Fountains. Picture front row access to a one-of-a-kind Bellagio Fountain show and eating as the Fountain goes off every 15 minutes in front of your window. This is an experience at Prime. Now, mostly everyone has described the food perfectly so I want to focus chat more about the picturesque atmosphere. Yes, the dress code exists so don't plan on coming here unless your dressed to impress. Yes this is the perfect option for a delicious high-end meal (without the cheesy Vegas vibe) and yes, this is probably one of the most fancy restaurants I've ever dined at. I really can't do justice to the restaurant's setting and while it is a little stuffy, it's perfect for a delicious and delightful dining experience. I can't leave this review without mentioning the food, especially since it was perfectly flawless. The wedge salad has the right amount of dressing with just enough kick and the pretzel bread that comes with the meal is buttery perfection. But let me talk about the real winners of the meal: the sides and the main courses. You know when people say Filet tastes like butter? Well now I know what they mean. I have never tasted anything so tender in my life. The short ribs are so perfectly cooked that you don't need a knife to enjoy it (maybe a little elf magic helped the chefs create these culinary creations!?) Finally, the sides. Oh the sides! Truffle mashed potatoes. They are expensive and come in a very small kettle. However, it's so rich in flavor and butter that it can easily fill up two people, especially with accompanying sides and an entree. The mac 'n cheese is just as delicious. Between those two sides, a salad and an entree, I could easily have called this my last supper and been happily content in life.
5	Bone in filet was awesome. Truffle mashed potatoes too. And a glass of Glenlivet. Perfect dinner. View wasn't bas either.
5	Eat here... you wont be disappointed.Seating, service, surroundings, soups, salads, sides and, of course, steak are ALL phenomenal - period.Obviously, you pay for what you get, but its oh so worth it.
3	We were staying at the Bellagio and heard good things about Prime, but overall left a little disappointed.  The food was good, but not worth the almost $300 we spent on our meal (for 2 people).   The service was decent and the restaurant was pretty, but like many Vegas restaurants, I felt like they were trying too hard to set an upscale ambiance.  I should say that I don't eat steak so I am probably not the best judge of a steakhouse, but my husband ordered the filet and thought that it was just ok.  The wine list was great, but again, very expensiveI ordered:The shrimp cocktail: 4 shrimp, really good cocktail sauce, but it cost $22Boston lettuce salad: really interesting combination of herbs, avocado, and lettuce with a tasty dressing, probably the best thing I tastedSlow baked salmon: Really good piece of salmon and cooked perfectlyCreamed spinach: classic and goodMashed potatoes: very buttery and addictive
3	Perhaps this would have been a better experience if...1. Our dining companions didn't have to leave before dinner was served b/c they were sick,2. Their dinner was promptly delivered to their room, as promised, instead of cold and over an hour later,3. We got to sit on the patio, as requested (patio was closed due to wind, although it didn't seem windy) or4. The $500 dinner tab matched the quality.Don't get me wrong, it's a dimly lit, nicely decorated restaurant, with a good menu.  The steaks were cooked correctly and the sides were tasty.  When compared to other steak restaurants we have visited, and for the price, we expected to be blown away and were not.  If you get a chance to sit on the patio and view the fountain show while dining, I would definitely check it out.  That would be amazing.  Otherwise, save your steak appetite for somewhere more deserving your money.
5	Prime is a quiet decadent experience.  Call ahead and make a reservation with a table near the window.  Not only is the food and service impeccable, this is the best place to see the Bellagio water show, which plays every 15 mins after 8 pm.  It's an emotional experience from the windows and ambiance of the restaurant.   If you're here in the summer, they have a patio where you can have a romantic dinner on the terrace over looking the water.  When you're in Vegas, it's nice to get away from the lights for a few hours, and devour a decadent meal.  The decor here is subtle, reminds me of the London West Hollywood.  Warm candle light, with hints of modern styled art deco patterned glass on the ceilings, and the walls.  Luxurious velvet curtains in deep browns and periwinkle, and fresh cut cymbidium orchids (my favorite).  RECOMMENDATIONS FOR FOOD: You really can go wrong here, but Here are my faves from the menu: -Succulent Lamb Chops -Bone in Fillet -MUST TRY Warm Shrimp Salad.  (Worth coming into the bar and ordering this with a glass of wine)-Side of Crab LegRECOMMENDATIONS FOR WINE: If you've won big at the slots while you're at Vegas, by all means indulge.  They have an extensive wine list, some rare French wines that run over $60,000!  If you're looking for robust red wine at a reasonable price point, try Faust, Cabernet 2006.  Sometimes you get what you pay for, and at Prime, the ambiance, the service, the food does not disappoint.  Indulge while you're in Vegas.  Life is short;  Live a little.
4	Wow..what an experience.  Prime is absolutely beautiful inside and the level of service matches the prices they offer.  I was wearing black pants so the white napkin was replaced with a dark one.  We had two servers and they attention was consistent without being obtrusive.  I had the aged bone in ribeye which was amazing.  Their prices are not for the weak of heart but you need to know that in this town, it is par for the course.
2	My review of Prime can be summed up very simply... so-so steak, not that great sides, and the waiter spilled something all over my back .... the manager offered NOTHING but an apology for my soiled dress shirt. I've had way way better in Las Vegas. Save your time and money and clothes.
5	We were staying at the Bellagio and I was bound and determined to have dinner as close to the fountains as I could.  The Prime was the prime place just for that.  (no pun intended : ),  The patio was closed due to the chill in the air. So,  we were seated right next to a window where the water was no less than 5' away.  From the very second we stepped into the Prime up to paying the check...it was an absolutely stunning evening.  The service was impeccable, classy and just what I was taught how it should be.  I ordered the beet salad and it was so good.  There were roasted beets on top of yogurt, no doubt.  LOVED the combination and never had thought of putting those 2 foods together.  My husband ordered the french onion soup which he said was the best he's ever had!  We both ordered the 16 oz. rib eye, med. rare!  The steaks were served still hot and perfectly cooked to our liking.  They put 3 different sauces on the table but, the steak was so good that a sauce just wouldn't do it justice.  Not a sauce person much anyway.  We had a side of the mushrooms and chickpea fries.  Excellent!  And all the time we were delicately devouring our dinner, the fountains entertained us over and over.  This is a restaurant that will be revisited over and over by us.  It's pricey and I guess one has to pay for the view, as well.  But, such a lovely indulgence!
5	Stellar, decadent, good times. #mustardcart
5	I dined here last night and it has to be one of the most amazing restaurants I have been to yet.  I was seated in a cozy corner that still over looked Lake Bellagio.  The staff were exceptional. I enjoyed a traditional steak and lobster meal but Prime takes it to another level! I was too stuffed to have desert but I here it is amazing. Dining here is a must.
5	4.5 but i do.. love LOVE love JG & his creations.My boyfriend & i have been avid followers of the Kimchi Chronicles since his parents have told us about and cannot stop watching.  Watching JG & his wife on the show is the reason we had interest in Prime & decided to come and celebrate our V-day weekend dinner out at the Bellagio.  We booked a table through Open Table & requested a table near the windows so we could see the fountain show in the front of the hotel.  You can't hear the music, but you can hear the roar of the water.  We were seated in this smaller dining area, tucked away near the entrance, next to the water & fountains.  It just so happened that night, Carlos Santana was there with 4 other people sitting right behind us.  "Happy Birthday" never sounded so good.As for the food, we started with the salmon & oyster tartar with black bread.  SO GOOD.  The olive oil and light oyster flavors were really good & paired well with the sashimi grade salmon.  We then ordered a salad (fairly large mixed greens salad) & soup (french onion), both good, but could have probably been happier trying another appetizer on the menu instead.  For our main course, we split the Porterhouse, roasted brussel sprouts and crispy potatoes.  My boyfriend likes his steaks cooked medium, bone to edges, the steak was perfect.  One of the dining staff members or "team 18" cut our steak for us portioning out half and half onto separate plates for us.  The brussel sprouts were were paired with pork & quince, sweet & savory.  Crispy potatoes, think of a really good potato skin with creme fraiche.  Although we were both stuffed, we couldn't skip out on dessert.  We split the cracking key lime pie.  What made it crackling was that they put in pop rocks into the filling.  Definitely a nice pleasant textural element.  The key lime was very tart and paired well with the whipped cream topping. Along with our meal, we shared a bottle of Tobin James Zinfandel Reserve.  Their wine list is a huge directory of wines, local and international.  I want to say that the year they brought out for us was different than what was listed in the menu, but I still love that winery so it was an easy no-brainer.  The wine was listed at $65, one of the cheapest, if not the cheapest wine in the directory, but i still love that winery!Pat on the back JG.. too bad you only go there 3 times a year to check up on the menu.
5	We celebrated our 1st anniversary here and they did a great job making us feel special. We had a seat by the window for the water show and a sweet "happy anniversary". The lobster and filets were very good! Cooked perfectly. The steaks come with 3 sauces and they are all very uniquely delicious.
3	If you read my reviews I have a soft spot for steakhouses. I wanted to give Prime 4 stars but I think 3 - 3 1/2 is about right.The restaurant itself is beautiful and the ambience is perfect in that it is not loud at all.My friend and I both had the Bone-In Rib Eye, 18 oz - $58. A bit pricey. It was good, we both said a B-B+. Not amazing. We went for that cut as it was wet-aged and we are not fans of dry aged which they had 2 of on the menu.The Mac and Cheese was amazing, full of Gouda goodness. We had crispy potatoes which is a twice baked potato covered in cheese and bacon. It's a glorified potato skin. Avoid it.The bread selection was nothing special.I had the warm chocolate cake, a molten lava chocolate creation with a tiny scoop of vanilla bean. Average.We escaped for under $200 as we had no alcohol. I'd go back there but certainly recommend CUT, Mastros and Morels before Prime.
5	My boyfriend and I visited for my birthday and I was very impressed.  The atmosphere was wonderful and we sat in a secluded library overlooking the Bellagio fountains.  We shared a steak that was one of the best I have ever had.  Jean-George is one of my favorite chefs, especially after eating at his restaurant in New York.  He truly out did himself and they suprised me with a delicious chocolate desert.  I highly recommend this place to anyone celebrating a special occasion, although I was a little dissapointed they didn't offer to take a commemorative picture for us to by like they did the bachelor party at the table next to us.
4	Always have had good experiences at Prime.  They have high quality meats and good service.
3	Our steaks were over cooked and dry, ordered medium rare received medium well. I'm sure this place does have great steaks but on this day they weren't. Very disappointed I'm only giving a 3 star rating because the waiter took our complaint to heart and offered to correct it. However we politely refused his offer and made the best of it.
5	This was my 3rd JG restaurant... I have been to 'Spice Market' in NYC and 'Market' in Cabo San Lucas... both top notch.This place was fantastic... from the decor to the dessert.  I was there with a large group of people and never felt like neglected.  We started at the bar area- martinis were great.  Cocktails were stiff.  Service was way above par.  Our server was knowledgable and fun.  Had a great sense of humor... but wasn't annoying.  Was there when you needed him yet not hovering.The wine selection was spot on.The seafood tower was to die for.  They gave a very large portion and it was beutifully presented.  The heirloom tomato and burata salad I had was excellent.  I had the braised shortribs.  I also tried many other people's steaks. All fabulous.  The sides were spot on (truffle mashed.... get it!).Desserts were also amazing.   This place is expensive, yes... but for a special occasion you can't beat it.  The level of service makes the check worth it.  Prime was a great experience overall.  I highly reccommend it.
5	I'm giving Prime 5 stars, even though I was very disappointed at first...Either Prime or Bellagio restaurant reservations somehow lost my reservation I made for my anniversary night. I called that night to inform them we'd be 15-20 mins late, that's when I found out they weren't expecting us. So of course, they already gave away the window seats I requested. It was an understatement to say I was upset. I made these reservations weeks ago...However, when we arrived, the prime windows seat for 2 people were taken, but there was one still left, and they sat us there. Even though for some reason, the traditional water show did not go off, we were delighted to get the table with the view.Dinner was phenomenal. From the rib eye to the chocolate cake at the end, it was great. The restaurant is beautiful. Our server, Beau, was attentive, efficient, and friendly, ending our dinner with a complimentary dessert to congratulate us on our anniversary. A definitely must...Thank you, Prime Steakhouse staff!
5	The setting, service and steaks exceeded expectations and are among the best I've experienced. Dinner here was definitely a driving factor and the primary reason I planned my return trip to Vegas. I typically don't order steak but last year a filet here changed my life and convinced me that beef is possible of trumping all when prepared properly.To celebrate a special occasion I made reservations in advance to secure a seat along the windows which allows you to enjoy the Bellagio fountains throughout your meal. Our server Beau set the bar for service. He was personable, knowledgeable and attentive without being overbearing.He suggested a moderately priced wine which paired perfectly with the 8oz filet I ordered. Although the truffle mashed potatoes are delicious, they are sometimes offered with lobster, which is divine. This place is expensive, but true to the cliche "you get what you pay for" So if you're looking for an experience and not just a meal I highly recommend Prime. It just might change your perspective on culinary quality.
2	Mediocre is the best way to describe Prime.  I don't want to give anyone the false impression that the food or service here is in any way bad (or even close to it), but for the money you are paying, the food falls well short of expectations.  The high point of my trip to Prime was the service, which was outstanding as expected, service that even went as far as to bring out an extra table cloth for a member of our party who was cold due to one of the doors being left open.  The food, however, was just uninspiring.  The bottom line is that you can have food that is just as good, if not better, at a number of other places on the strip, for much less money.  Everything was prepared and presented perfectly, as expected, but it sadly doesn't make up for the fact that I've had better steaks for much less money, and the service, ambiance, and prestige of Prime Steakhouse doesn't make up the difference in price.  I have very high expectations for Prime, and they simply were not met.
1	I've been to Prime several times, with different friends, for different occasions.  We don't stay at Bellagio, but always made the trip to Prime.  Had I been yelping when we first started going there, this would be a 5 star review.  2 times ago, 3 of us went, for my birthday, and noticed the decline in the food.  Still,the service, and having desert and coffee on the Terrace afterwards, with a front row view of the fabulous fountain show more than made up for it.  The last time (2011) when I called to make reservations, I stated that we would like coffee on the Terrace, after dinner.  I was told that you could now have your entire meal on the Terrace!  That was great news, except that you could not reserve a table there, but could take your chances.  Why??  I was calling 2 weeks ahead.  Ultimately, we were seated outdoors, as requested.  Our waiter, Luis, I think,  was RUDE and he and the mini waiters helping him, were slow and inefficient.  Our meals finally came, and my daughter's steak was wrong.  She ordered a medium rare, Kobe filet mignon, and was brought  a dried out, well done, New York.  The waiter was upset, and insisted that was what she had ordered.  The New York had never even been considered, and we told this idiot, when we placed our order, that we were anxious to compare the regular filet that I ordered, to the Kobe filet.  He said the kitchen would be "mad" if we sent it back.  We sent it back anyway. Pretty brave on our parts!  It took 1/2 hour to bring what she had actually ordered.  In the meantime, my meal, and our sides, were getting cold, so we ate from my plate.  Our bill was over $400, for 2 people.  I didn't want to raise hell, and spoil what was left of my daughter's birthday dinner, but did email the manger when I got home.  I gave her a detailed description of our experience.  As the manager, she should have appreciated  the polite, constructive and honest feedback.  Her email back said that she was sorry, and was looking into the matter.  She said she did not want to lose us as future guests to Prime, and would I please send my phone number so she could call and discuss the matter further.  I sent my phone number, and never heard from her, again.
4	Eh pretty much had everything on the menu in 1 sitting.  Had a huge ribeye and lobster tail and it was good but not jaw dropping mouth watering good.  Price again is expensive as hell but thats no surprise since your in vegas.
3	I don't know how I feel about Prime. Sure, the location can't be beat. However, the restaurant itself is large and is not intimate or romantic. My girlfriend and I sat down at the last seating (10 pm) and there was still plenty of commotion. The decor is very old fashioned and seems outdated and like I am in my grandmothers dining room. I prefer modern decor in an intimate setting where you can enjoy conversation and not feel rushed . This is not Prime.As every other review points out, the food is good and so is the wine list. The highlight from out meal happened to be the salmon sashimi appetizer, it topped sashimi from Nobu.
2	This place has an awesome steak and ahi tuna! But sad to say THEY GAVE MY PARTY  a HORRIBLE service! my experince with prime was 7 years ago and i couldnt shake off the horrible memory.. We were celebrating for my friend who was leaving for the navy, i give the ambiance a 4 star and the food a 4 star. everything was pricey but worth every bite. The thing i did not like most was the service! Just because our party was young and we did not order bottle service the waiter decided to ignore us! After we left the restaurant we approaced the person in charge and told them how horrible the service was. all he said was " what can i do to make it right" , like all he cared about was giving us comps thinking we were these snooty little rich kids who just wanted to complain. All we said was NOTHING we just wanted to inform you, because our intentions was not to get anything for free we just wanted to inform the person in charge of the horrible waiter... Would I dine again at PRIME? perhaps i really did enjoy their food and Prime Patio is to die for giving you an awesome view of the fountains as you sip on your coffee..
5	My company exhibits at a tradeshow at the Bellagio each year and we always have a group dinner one or two nights at Prime. The food is amazing and the service is great. We usually start out with the seafood sampler platter which is a jaw dropping mound of ice with lobster, crab, shrimp, oysters, etc.   I'm not a big red meat eater so I usually get seafood, although a couple times I've ordered a steak. Everything has always been delicious and the service is great.They have a private room that seats 12 in the back which has been perfect for our group dinners. If you are staying at the Bellagio you have to try this place out. Especially if you can expense dinner. ;o)
3	We went for a company dinner and all of us ordered different cuts. There have been occasions where one of the steak weren't cooked properly but all 5 of our steaks were cooked medium-well when we all asked for medium-rare. For such a high end and pricier place than other better steakhouses (SW, Gordon Ramsey, Craftsteak) I wouldn't expect something like this. Our waiter said that's once you cut closer to the bone it'll be med-rare but we cut the med-well steak to show him but he didn't really offer anything to compensate us. The sides were all really salty and the desserts were nothing special.If you want a good meal go to Gordon Ramsey or Craftsteak.
4	Been here a good handful of time.  Rib eye never disappoints.  With the miso butter sauce you can't go wrong.  I do feel that the service is lacking.  They are so busy I feel the wait staff doesn't care cause they know the customers will be there.  Unfortunate.  I don't expect anything more than having my drink refilled and check on once or twice throughout the meal.  If I can't even get that...it is really a problem.
5	This was just fantastic.  Ate with a group of 6 and had impeccable service.  Water and wine glasses never left wanting.  The restaurant is very classic and demure.  And, as many note, you can see the fountains well from some tables.On to the food:We had the seafood tower.  Usually, the lobster is the star, but in this one, it was the crab for me.  The shrimp were perfectly cooked.  Crabcakes was probably the most disappointing dish.  Serviceable, but not what I expected.Had several sides.  The stars were mac n cheese and onion rings.  Will defintely get these 2 dishes again.  My wife had the filet and lobster.  Filet cooked PERFECTLY rare.  This was textbook, and no black on the outside, which was a feat for such a thick steak.  The lobster was one of the best I have had.  I had the bone-in ribeye, which was another perfect medium rare.  Excellent flavor, the dry aging came through.The wine list is extensive, and pricey.  We had Italian at our table and all choices were excellent.  Port for dessert was actually not as bad price wise.  But, expect to pay if you are a wine drinker, as is common on the Strip.Overall, a very expensive evening but one that we will do again.  If you are a steak fan, highly recommended.I will say, the bathrooms were underwhelming for such a nice place.
3	Had free comp $$ To spend. Took 3 people and we all thought average at best. Steak not seasoned and took 10 minutes to refill a coke.
1	This place was a huge disappointment. Hubby got the Kobe beef, which was highly recommended by the waiter and I got the filet mignon and lobster tail. We also got some sides, but the only one I can remember right now was their truffle mash potatoes.Hubby's Kobe beef was fine: rich and buttery. My filet mignon, on the other hand, was dry and boring. My lobster tail was the worst of all: stringy and not fresh. The truffle mash potatoes were ok, nothing to write home about.The bill was a hefty one and not worth a single penny. Would've been happier losing that money on a slot machine instead. We ended up getting room service later.
3	Two standouts: foie gras appetizer and the house photographer.So, first, an embarrassing confession--no one at our table ordered red meat. I should have ordered the special of the night: a bone-in filet. Instead, I started off with a craving for duck, but our server squashed that desire by telling me that the duck l'orange was prepared in slices and did not have a crisp skin And he hadn't heard many good comments about it. He recommended the pork chop, so I got that, and I regretted it. When the server inquired how my pork chop was, I told him it was just ok--did not have much flavor. the accompanying mushrooms, on the other hand, were delicious. The server said, "well at least you like one of the things, right? " Uh, okay... I really didn't expect him to do anything, and yes, I was the dunce ordering a non-steak dish in a steakhouse, but our server's lack of concern over my enjoyment was a little disappointing. I've actually had better service at The Outback. And, we overheard the server at a nearby table say, "Whatever you want, I will make it right for you". Wished we had gotten that guy. As an aside, my family always stays at the Bellagio, and service at this hotel overall is at a pretty high standard, so I guess I was expecting more out of this restaurant--it was our first time here.The interior looks like Sleeping Beauty's chamber with powdery blue drapes. The music is really awful--I just have to point this out, and it is disappointing that they don't have a cocktail menu.Crab cakes were very good, and the sea bass was cooked perfectly with a lovely, delicate, slightly gingery sauce. Potatoes au gratin were rich! Butter & cheese galore. Ginger sweet potatoes were silky smooth and had just the right amount of sweetness. Sorbet looked much better than it tasted--perfectly scooped orbs, but the mango was too tart, coconut did not taste like coconut.The house photographer (who looked just like Wendy Malick from Just Shoot Me) took gorgeous pictures of my family--she really directed us--made us get out of our seats, place our hands just so...my father has stage 4 cancer, so this is why the photos meant a lot to us.Will not return to this restaurant and can't say I would recommend it, but I savored every bite of my foie gras and we'll cherish our pictures.
5	Best steak house in Vegas in every way. Bone-in ribeye and new york steaks were just perfectly done. I must mention their excellent and extensive wine list. A bit pricey, but absolutely worth it. We had a table by the lake and it was surprisingly spectacular.
2	Disappointed all around.  The ONLY bright spot was that we were able to nab a patio seat, so the view and the entire spectra of the water show was a major plus.Besides that, everything else was all down hill.We were seated 10 minutes later than my 8:30pm reservation on a busy Friday night.  This is a given and I have no problem with this, considering that we did get the patio seating.Here are the breakdowns...Service : There was only 2 servers, that I saw, serving the entire patio floor, of perhaps 8 table or so.  It was difficult to flag a server for help.  For a restaurant of this caliber, I shouldn't have to flag a server, much less wrestle to get their attention.In addition, the delivery of the drinks, the bread, and the food was painfully slow.  If not for the water show at the Bellagio fountain every 15 minutes, I would've thrown my hands in the air long before we received our food.Food: Our order was taken at about 8:50pm.  Our drinks and bread came at around 9:00pm (10 minutes after the order was taken?)  The 3 different types of bread were all cold and stale, but we were all famished so our party took in what we had.The food came around 9:30pm (40 minutes AFTER our order!!!)It arrived COLD and uninspired.  The cream of spinach was so cold that I could not separate it.  The whole thing lifted from its plate as one whole lump piece.GROSS!None of the food was warm, or hot.  Why the food was left standing for so long is beyond me.  Our party was too tired from our delayed flight in to make an effort to flag a server to let them know of the food quality.The porter house steak was uninspiring and overpriced at best.  The new york steak which was literally covered with peppercorn was so disgusting, that we had to return it for filet mignon...(surprisingly, the exchange only took 5 minutes!)Filet mignon, too, was just bland.  The ahi steak I had was just overpowered by the thick crust, and once again, non inspirational.Take away its "PRIME" location at bellagio, and this steakhouse would've been closed down long ago.I, for one, will not be returning.
2	I'm not afraid to pay up for a great steak. For the nosebleed-high prices they're charging here (the filet was listed at $62 bucks...I had the porterhouse which was less??) this should be one of the best steak experiences you'll ever have. It's nowhere close. In fact, it wasn't even in my top 50. Just another Las Vegas corporate-restaurant shaking tourists down for as much money as possible. Skip it.
3	On a recent trip to Las Vegas I was introduced to 'Prime'.  This steakhouse inside the Bellagio is rated one of the best steakhouses in Las Vegas.  I had the opportunity to have dinner here twice during my visit.  I was so looking forward to eating here and my expectations for the food and service were through the roof.  Though good I would definitely not say that this was the best.The first dinner at the restaurant, I was with customers.  We ordered a couple bottles of wine, the waiter took out orders and I kept waiting for the shining moment of service or presentation that never came.  I had the bone-in filet cooked medium.  The steak was good but was surprisingly fatty for a filet.  I didn't want to complain but there was a good amount of fat that I had to cut around.  The sides were average for a steakhouse, the table had mashed potatoes, asparagus, mushrooms, and spinach... all sides we ok but not special.  Overall, this meal was not worth the $2,000 it cost for the 6 of us to have dinner in my opinion.My next dinner here was a few nights later.  Again I was with customers we ordered a couple bottles of wine, a seafood tower was ordered for those who eat seafood, which I do not.  I stuck with the bread as an appetizer, didn't want to get too full before the meal.  This night I ordered a filet medium no bone this time.  The table had mac&cheese, a baked potato, spinach, and a few other sides.  This time the meat was actually better... I thought the bone-in was supposed to be best but I was wrong.  For dessert, we ordered a bit of everything but the Key lime dessert was my favorite and had a great tangy flavor.  The service was good and attentive but I wasn't "wowed".  $2,600 later I walked away full but still looking for a better experience.I would recommend Prime to anyone who is looking for a good meal but who aren't looking for the "best meal ever".  Service is attentive and nice but not "the best".  I'm sure I will visit when I'm in LV next time, but I will realign my expectations before I go again.  Good food and good service, but I know there is better out there.
4	Was greeted with a warm welcome at the door seated promptly.  Had a great seat right next to the window by the lake and the famous fountains. Ordered a la carte tried the beef Tartar it was great, next came a Heirloom Tomato salad with age Balsamic it was perfectly seasoned and the Tomatoes were still really good even though it is late in the Season, loved the aged Balsamic rather than a reduced balsamic.  The steak was perfectly seasoned and cooked well.  The wine was great went perfect with the steak.  Desert was tasty.  The evening was great service was perfect had a great time
5	Fantastic. My Outlook calendar had messed up our reservation and they went out of their way to seat us nonetheless. The sommelier was knowledgeable and friendly and the staff top-notch. Most importantly, the food was delicious.
5	I was the maid-of-honor for a dear friend of mine so of course I planned a trip to Vegas for her bachelorette party! My job was to secure the hotel and pick which buffets we were to eat at (we purchases the $45 for 24 hours of buffets pass) and my sister's job was to pick one nice spot for dinner. That was how we ended up at Prime Steakhouse in Bellagio.The food was amazing. This was what we ordered:- Prime onion soup with gruyere cheese = absolutely divine. What's not to like about anything gruyere.- Filet Mignon with shishito peppers. I had it medium rare because that's how I like mine to be done = melted in my mouth. Lightly seasoned but was very tasty and so tender.- Peppercorn New York steak (this was what the bride ordered). Done medium rare. I had a taste and it was so good. Nice and meaty and lots of flavor.- Caramelized scallops = so good! It has a slight sweet kick but also very savory. The scallops filled you up because they were huge.  - Some of the sides we ordered were the summer corn, creamed spinach and truffle mashed potatoes and mac and cheese. All were superb! Well-made and delicious!We made reservations and got there right on the dot. We were immediately greeted and seated right away. Our server and all the workers were very attentive throughout the whole dinner, refilling our water glass, making sure our cocktails tasted right, brushing the bread crumbs off our table, etc. Since it was a bachelorette party dinner, there was also a photographer that was there and took pictures of our party. She had it all printed on glossy paper and framed for us by the end of dinner and asked if we wanted to purchase any. We bought two for the bride as a memorable gift.The restaurant was very clean and the set-up was done well. I couldn't get over how beautiful the restroom was! I could literally live in there! lol.Prime Steakhouse did me well! I was very satisfied by the quality of the food and staff. There are so many good places to eat in Vegas and I'm on a mission to try them all so I probably won't be back to Prime anytime soon. But I highly recommend it! Try it out, pure Vegas experience alright!
5	Had my steak Meduim well.. the steak melted in my mouth. amazing food and also amazing service!!
3	This steakhouse inside the Bellagio is rated one of the best steakhouses in Las Vegas and from the minute you step inside you know you are in for a couple of things.  Great ambiance and very hefty price tag. Magnificently appointed from the small 8 seat bar when you first walk in to the large tables placed not to closely with views of the fountains through the large picture windows its pure Vegas.   Table for 9 on this Saturday night and we are given a large round table where we are seated very comfortably.   Fresh baskets of bread, pretzel bread, are a nice start as we peruse this shall we say ok no way around it Ridiculously overpriced menu. There I said it. The wine list is long as it is equally if not one of the most expensive wine lists I've ever seen.  In fact most were 300% mark up.  There was an exceptional vintage a 2008 Justin Isosceles which for $131.00 was simply marked up 110% which made it the best value on the entire list.   Note 5 bottles were consumed tonight.  The menu itself is your typical steaks & chops menu with some fish thrown in.   Don't think I'll be able to get to each appetizer and entree but I'll try. Appetizer Highlights:  Shrimp Cocktail exceptional, Cesar Salad authentic and outstanding. Special tonight Burrata cheese over watercress was really unbelievably good, A dungeous crab cake also as good it gets.  Knocks off for poor Seared Foie Gras. Entrees: NY Strip Dry aged incredibly tasty and cooked  to perfection but the typical dry aging left it no juice whatsoever.  (8) out of 10 (2) Small Bone in Rib Eye with Shishito peppers was tasty with just enough marble to give it some excellent secondary flavor (10)Rack of Colorado Lamb was simply killer, not gamey and rich in color texture and taste. (10)Prosciutto wrapped pork chop was dry and lacked flavor (5) Nice looking but didn't get it done.Pan Roasted Dover Sole was fresh and tasty but completely overpriced at $65.00 (7)Veal Chop was grilled and tasty and hanging off the bone as it should be.  Very rich flavor (10)Filet Mignon with Shishito peppers everything a filet should be and then some (even for my friend who tried to ruin it by ordering it medium well :(   (10)Sides: Mashed Yukon Gold Potatoes (6) Nothing specialBaked Potatoes large giant with all the fixings (10)Mac & Cheese crusty topping and rich and creamy underneath (10)Creamed Spinach lacking that extra kick (6)Glazed Mushrooms again nothing special bland (6)No Deserts were tried.  Service was exceptional throughout the meal from every direction.  Bottom line is was the price tag worth it?  Really borderline as almost every entree except the Sole was top shelf, and the appetizers were great. Ambiance, service exceptional as well.  Negatives All but 1 of hundreds of wines were so overpriced we were lucky to find a bottle to order.  Sides and prices of entrees were completely outrageous.  Kind of a 4 star if you have unlimited spending in your budget as it certainly was not a 100% slam dunk perfection and 1 star off for price points and wine list.  3.5 stars is more like it but we have to be fair.
5	THE BEST STEAK I have ever had. BY FAR. The steaks are perfectly cooked here EVERY time I go. They give you three sauces to eat your steak with. At first I though it was odd that they were serving three different sauces with steak but it really caters to each individuals taste buds and is a brilliant idea. The restaurant ambience is perfections with their drapes, curtains, and dim lighting. Most importantly the view from the restaurant is breathtaking because you can see and enjoy the bellagio fountain show up close while you're eating. The sides here and everything they serve is cooked to perfection. I go back every year now, whenever I got to Vegas!
4	I brought my wife here for our 4 year anniversary and we got a seat close to the window that looks at the Bellagio fountain. Good atmosphere and a nice restaurant inside. The service was good and the waiters were friendly. We ordered a Caesar salad to start off, which we shared and I didn't like their dressing at all. My wife got the French Onion soup which she really liked. For our main course, I ordered the Rack of Lamb which was amazing. I really liked the sauce they put on it also. My wife ordered the Ribeye which was equally as good. We also had sides of steamed asparagus and mashed potatoes which both were good. We opted for no dessert as we were pretty stuffed. I was a little surprised that the restaurant didn't do anything at our table since it was our anniversary and I let them know that when I made the reservation. Usually a nice place like this will bring you out a plate of chocolates or a small dessert but we got completely stiffed this time. Overall the dinner was pretty good, but a little pricey for what it was ($217 after tip, no wine or alcohol at all). We said that we lived the meal and the view of the Bellagio fountain, but not somewhere we would be craving to come back to.
1	This has been my third experience with Prime. I guess I will look for something else. Honestly the only draw here is to dine by the fountain which I guess I would advise to maybe try one of the other restaurants in the Bellagio or watch the show from the street a couple of times and get your fix. Prime markets itself as an upscale steakhouse, they have a dress code that is barely enforced. They may need to revisit this policy. I am far from a snob but if I am going to go to the work to get "dressed for dinner" and go out to enjoy the evening, it would make the experience much nicer if all the other patrons would make a little more effort to a least look nice. Both occassions we came here and had dinner were special occassions (birthday and anniversary) and I would summize that most of the other patrons were there for the same. I was the only male there in a button down shirt with collar. Really? T shirts and crappy old jeans with tennis shoes that is business attire for men? Women dressed like service staff for hooters pass for dress code? We got a table at the outside table to enjoy the fountain show during dinner, every time the show started some of the other patrons stood up and went to the fence to watch and take pictures thus blocking everyone elses view. Isnt this something that could have been done out on the street? The one woman was jumping and clapping in a leopard print dress her ass in front of some elderly woman whos view was completely blocked. I dont know it just ruined the entire experience.  I guess overall I blame management for not controlling the situation, if you have patrons behaving in a way that is disruptive, speaking loadly and inappropriate language (saying FUCK every other word) just diminishes the experience for the other patrons who are trying to have a nice meal. I dont mind this if I am at the bar but here??? Overall It is an overpriced applebees.
5	This place was easily the best place I've eaten at in Vegas. It's located in the Bellagio, not too far out of the casino. Me and a friend had a table right by the water, while the water show was going on. It was the coolest table-side entertainment I'd ever had. Steak was terrific, as were the sides. If you've got the money, try it out.
4	Great steakhouse. The sauces they offer with the steak are wonderful.
4	It's hard for me to review anything in Vegas because theres nothing authentic about that city and I love the authentic experience of food.  The food is awesome and quality for the money.  The drinks are good.  The watershow is fun.  What more can I say?  it's not my thing but it does not miss the mark.  Get a window seat.
5	Prime; one of the top four steak houses in Vegas.  A pantheon of beef.  Where Bacchus reigns over a 500+ selection of to die for wines.  Where the "brown" libations are over the top.At Prime, the menu is seasonally updated.  The fall of 2012 features an outstanding, air flown colossal stone crab appetizer (three huge claws the size of your hand with a pile of knuckle and leg meat).  Heaven and at $75, and worth every penny.  Sweet.  Perfect.  The steak tartar on a platter of Carpaccio is delicious but slightly unbalanced with over the top Asian spice heat.  Finally, the bacon wrapped shrimp.  Wow.  The fat of the bacon permeates the rich, sweet flesh of the barely cooked through shrimp.  Outstanding.Beef mains are to die for.  Japanese A5 Kobe cuts of beef (4oz minimum $35 per ounce).  Sublime if you don't over indulge.  A four to six ounce portion is enough for anyone.  Offered in a strip, rib, or fillet cut.  The rib is the most flavorful.  DO NOT ORDER THIS IF YOU WANT YOUR BEEF COOKED BEYOND RARE.  You are wasting your money as the fat will melt during cooking and the beef taste like any other piece of beef.The 30 day dry aged, bone fillet is excellent.  Huge umame finish without tasting edgy.  Soft and tender.  The veal chop is equally good.  Sweet, deep beef flavor from free ranged calves.  Double cut, perfectly seared and moist throughout.  All mains come with sauces and sides.  They match and are very flavorful but do not pass on ordering some veg and off the menu potato dauphinois to share.  Sides are perfectly cooked.  Rich and refreshing.Killer wine list with great depth of cult wines.  Great values to be found at higher price points (best priced Screaming Eagle in Vegas). Outstanding cognac selection.Service is excellent.  Friendly and extremely efficient.Note:  Unlike most Vegas restaurants, for reservations, you MUST be a high status member of Mlife to book the best tables and times on short notice.  If you use OpenTable, make your reservation at least 60 days in advance  Outdoor and window tables where you can view the incredible fountain show at the Bellagio are very difficult to secure.A truly memorable experience in Vegas not afforded to everyone.  Do whatever it takes to try it.  A dozen plus visits since my initial review.  Extremely consistent.  Highly Recommended.
4	I love steak and I promise you will not be disappointed here! We came here for my cousin's bday while visiting Vegas. It is located in the Bellagio and it is a high end steak house. Like every where in Vegas, the place is pricey, but the quality of food is also there.Our party was seated promptly and we had 2 tables. The service was amazing and one of the steaks was overcooked and our waiter took it back and made another without any issues. The view is nice because you can see the fountain from our table which went on every 15-30 mins or so. I had the Bone-In Rib Eye medium rare and it was cooked to perfection. It wasn't too rare and most importantly, it wasn't overcooked. The steak had just the perfect amount of fat in it and the quality of the steak was good too. I would definitely pay the price for this steak again!
4	This restaurant is fantastic, very elegant and very stylish.The food is really good and the service is top notch. The portions are quite large, but that's how it's usually in Vegas.
5	My wife and I dined at Prime a couple weeks ago. She had a beef filet cooked perfectly to her liking. I am a vegetarian, and they had wonderful offerings for me, including a vegetarian tasting menu. Prime not only offers a separate vegetarian menu, they also have vegan and gluten-free menus.  Do not shy away from Prime if you are a vegetarian. They have thoughtful, creative, seasonally driven selections - you will not be limited to broccoli and rice, or a salad. Think of it, if you have a group of six, or eight, chances are someone in the group will want some sort of alternate menu and Prime can take care of you. As a vegetarian, Prime is among my favorite restaurants along with with Michael Mina at the Bellagio and several of the restaurants at Wynn/Encore, including SW, which have vegan selections. Of course, atmosphere and service at Prime is exquisite. Corkage at Prime is $50 - of course, wines you bring must not be on their list. I highly recommend Prime for steak lovers and vegetarians.
4	I thought we were at the Palm's guess not. Too drunk to remember much but I know the potatoes augratain were amazing calamari was sent back.
2	I love a good steak and have no problem paying for one, but Prime's is not worth the price. We had two different cuts, the porterhouse and the dry-aged bone-in ribeye. The quality of the steak might have been there, but the preparation of it threw the whole thing off. However, I did really like the sauce that accompanied the steaks, so much so that we requested some in leftover box. We had truffle mashed potatoes that were divine (but honestly, it's truffle so how bad could it be?) but the glazed carrots were tangy, which I did not like at all. As for the appetizers, we shared the Caesar salad which was fabulous. The presentation was unique in that it was a whole head of romaine lettuce (I'll post a picture).Service was confusing to say the least. Our server was very nice and friendly, but very condescending. Maybe it was because we look young, but when we asked a question about the mushrooms he became very patronizing towards us. The same when we wanted coffee. It was very odd. We also waited a long time for little things like the coffee, bread, butter, etc. They didn't even bring bread until we asked for it.I much prefer returning to Craftsteak on the Strip.
5	I didn't have to pay, so the 5-star rating doesn't reflect prices. The filet mignon was tasty and super tender, sides were awesome, and so was the key lime pie (on the smaller side, but that's ok, I was already full). Good cocktails, and nice ambiance, with a friendly staff.
2	This place is so over rated. I really wanted to love it and I really tried because I was taken there as part of a large group and our host had the greatest intention in taking us all there. I had the salmon dinner and it was dripping in butter, like there must have been an entire stick dropped on it during preparation. News flash: people that order salmon are usually health conscious individuals that are trying to make a lean and healthy choice, not usually want a stick of butter dropped on in prep. I will say that I ordered the hot chocolate/lava cake with vanilla ice cream and it was amazing! However the coffee that I ordered to go with it was absolutely awful. So they have a long way to go before they put all the puzzle pieces together and live up to the 5 star reputation that they strive for.
2	A group of friends and I went to Prime on Saturday night and while it was ok in many respects, it was really disappointing for the price.  I am from LA and used to high-priced dining, but this place was unbelievable.  They did not have any affordable wines on the menu, and the prices for steak were unbelievable.  $65 for a filet that arrived well over-cooked and very bland.  The wines were very overpriced, and the side dishes were pedestrian and incredibly expensive.  I have been to many of the Bellagio restaurants, and expect it to be expensive, but the others are much better than Prime.  Even though Picasso and Cirque are expensive, they are great.  Prime was average in terms of the food, decor, and service, but incredibly expensive.  I would avoid it.
4	Good food and very cool decor.  Seating was comfy.  The restaurant was dimly lit, which I like, but might be an issue for some diners.  Definitely a place where "pretty people" go to eat/ be seen.  We had a reservation and had to wait for 10-15 minutes, but nothing major.I cannot give 5 stars because it was not the best steak that I ever had.  For a $62 filet, I was expecting a bigger serving than 10 ounces, but it was very good and cooked properly.  Another member of my party was disappointed in the cooking of his steak, which was ordered rare, but he still ate it and said it was good.  Meat quality wasn't the best and didn't seem to be as good as my favorite Chicago steak joints.Our server was professional and knew his stuff, even after being questioned on random food details by the foodie member of my party.  He wasn't in our face, but was very attentive and also sent over a free desert for my friends birthday.....no singing thank God!Would never tell anyone not to go there, but there might be better steak places in Vegas.  Because it's in the Bellagio and has a view of the fountains, can be considered a destination restaurant.
5	Bar none the BEST STEAK I HAVE EVER TASTED! I got the Dry Aged Ribeye and it was AMAZING! The Truffle Mashed potato was a great side order for this wonderful steak. Add the fact that they gave us a great table with an amazing view of the Bellagio fountains, this was an unforgettable experience.
5	My favorite restaurant in Vegas and I wish I had one closer!  Every time we go to Vegas my husband knows no matter what, he has to make a reservation here.  Without fail every time I am there I order the tuna extremely rare and it comes rolled in rice puffs.  I don't care for the sauce that it comes with so I order the soy rice wine sauce and oh my gosh... heaven on a plate!  The other thing at prime that I have and I have about three of them every time is the martini called the cable car which is one of the Bellagio's signature martinis.  I dream about this meal and that drink!  On a side note... I love the bartender in the front.  He has been there for many years and he is just a delight!
5	I proposed here, and the staff was totally willing to help in any way, and made the evening unforgettable. Beautiful experience, and absolutely incredible food. Worth the price, because the experience is priceless. Pork chop and chicken are terrific.
3	Excellent service and presentation. Spectacular view. Wine list mostly a rip off although there are a few pearls hidden.Steak is mediocre and should be better from such a gorgeous high end restaurant (steaks tasted like choice not Prime in my opinion ). Not as good as last time I was here about 1 1/2 years ago.
5	I had a fantastic experience at Prime.  The food was savory, well prepared, and the presentation was very nice.  It is very expensive, however, and only a few select tables get the views of the fountains.  We started out with orders of Salmon Sashimi and Ribbons of Tuna.  Both were incredibly flavorful and exceeded our expectations.  The Ribbons of Tuna comes with a radish and ginger marinade that completely rocked my world.  I was not sure if I would like it or not, but I ended up using bread to soak some of it up once we finished the tuna.  I highly recommend it!Everyone in our party ordered steak.  I opted for the special which was a bone-in filet.  The steak came out cooked to perfection and I savored every single bite.  Fantastic!  It was not the best steak I have had, but nothing has ever held a candle to the Wagyu steak I had back home.  I really wanted to try it here, but I just thought it was too expensive ($30 per ounce).  The side dishes are very good, and the portions are large enough to share.  I opted for the Tender Broccoli with Truffle gouda fondue.  It was rich, and I couldn't finish it.  By then I was already full from the appetizers and steak.  Our service was top notch, and I expected nothing less.  I have little doubt that we will be back again soon!
5	I don't like mashed potatoes.  However, 3 words for you.  Truffle Mashed Potatoes.  The restaurant is everything everyone says it is.  Romantic and fantastic. Go.  Try it. You will not be let down.
5	OK so first things first - this place is EXPENSIVE. But in the realm of steak places on the strip, it's competitive. Our overall experience here was wonderful. We sat near the windows and enjoyed a fantastic view of the Bellagio fountains all evening. The atmosphere is relaxed but still giving a sense of occasion, with a beautifully decorated dining room and traditional service tomatch. Our server, Thomas, was friendly, engaging and helpful throughout, making us feel at home in an environment slightlyout of our comfort zone.The food was excellent. I had the bone-in filet mignon - tender and sweet with a little extra flavour from the bone, and a delicious seasoned crust from the grill. The sprouts on the side were very good as well. My wife enjoyed her scallops very much as well. We shared a lovely warm chocolate cake for dessert followed by some nice tea (spot the English...).One word of caution - this place has a dress code. No scruffbags in shorts or flip flops here!
4	Expensive even for Vegas? Maybe.   We enjoyed a very expensive meal here ($80-$100) per person without drinks included.   The ambiance was very comfortable and we liked the semi private rooms with curtains separating them.    We had four tables in our area.  We were far from the fountain, and I imagine sitting on the patio or near the fountain windows would be an awesome experience!   Our waiter was good, attentive, not overly friendly but helpful.  I had the tuna and it was cooked perfectly, however the puffed rice crust on the tuna was odd and I didn't enjoy that combination.  The Caesar salad was a unique flavor, hot and spicy.  Others in our group enjoyed the fillet and the rib eye which they reported were cooked correctly and large portions, which was nice given the price of over $80 for each, really?  The sides were good, smallish, and expensive at $12-14 each.    It was a nice meal, nice location, but $$$$$
2	I STILL can not believe people like the steaks at this restaurant. Go figure!
5	One of the best meals I had on the strip. Unbelievable service (thanks Russell!). The mac and cheese is a must. Great wine suggestion and the steaks was out of this world. Beautiful setting and we weren't even outside. If you're looking for a high end steakhouse with a classic setting and old school service give this place your business. Call for reservations. I found open table didn't have many options but I got in when I called.
4	I have been to Vegas so many times and have never felt compelled to eat here.  We actually came because it was my friend's choice we were dining with a large group.  I'm so sorry that I did not come here earlier. They make a fantastic dirty martini, though I have rarely met one i didn't like. The real standout for me was our appetizers.  Most of us ordered the foie gras which was nothing short of spectacular. It was perfectly seared and absolutely delicious. The steaks were solid, though I've had better in Chicago and elsewhere in Vegas. The sides were amazing, the mac & cheese is very rich and very tasty.   I honestly can't remember if we ordered desserts maybe was too many of those damn martinis. Overall I would definitely come back if nothing more for appetizers and the sides.
4	Hostess very polite. Waiter Russell extremely professional/polite. Busser did his job but didn't look like he wanted to be there. Overall good service.Food - 6 oz filet mignon with blue cheese (just know that blue cheese topping is an extra $10). It was a nice cut, very tender and the sear was good too. I ordered these potato fingerlings. My wife called them high class french fries. Overall, excellent food.Ambiance - old school decor, 40's style furniture and design overlooking the Bellagio fountains. Appropriately dimmed for dinner.We (and many others) were dressed appropriately for this fine dining experience; however, I noticed (although a sign says "No shorts"), there were some guests looking like they just came from the pool. I guess they're more lenient during the summer. Idk.I'd like to say that I'll be back, but I'm not baller status and there are too many restaurants in Vegas that I want to check out. So maybe, we'll see. Nonetheless, I had a nice experience.
2	My husband and I were celebrating our first anniversary and doing dinner and a show. I looked up Open Table reservation availability, and the place seemed to be booked up from 5:45 to 8:30, which overlapped with our show, so I made our reservation for an early dinner at 5:30. I just want to note that throughout dinner, the place was only half full, so I don't know why Open Table said it was booked up. Was it to promote exclusivity? I don't know.Anyway, I had written in our reservation that a view of the fountains would be appreciated. The first table we were escorted to was against the wall and in a corner with a slight view. It was an OK spot, but considering that pretty much every other table was empty with no one in sight, we requested to be seated more centrally at the window. Our request was met with some trepidation as apparently that particular table was booked. Again, half-full restaurant at 5:30. It still confuses me. Anyway, finally we were moved.We were greeted by...a sommelier? A waiter? I'm not sure. Leaning towards waiter. He was not particularly friendly. When my husband asked for a recommendation, he was kind of gruff and short. Not the best sell. He gave us the wine list and we ordered two drinks (lemon drop for me,wine for husband). After this, he disappeared, and another waiter (Asian, bald head) took over in his place. Maybe the first waiter was covering for this one? In any case, neither of them introduced themselves. In fact, in the ten minutes between them we looked at our menus and then the second guy showed up. His greeting was, "ready to order"? In most places, this would be really no big deal. But if you're a steak house who prides yourself on service and class, introductions should always be made. Not to mention you're in the Bellagio and it's not even particularly busy.We ordered. Went with truffled mashed potatoes and a tomato salad with burrata cheese, filet mignon for me and rib eye for my husband. We wanted to also try the macaroni and cheese but the waiter was particularly judgmental about this, telling us everything would be more than enough. I'm sorry, but if the waiter is not asked this particular question, they should not comment. This is not a tapas place and maybe we wanted to sample a little of everything? Especially if people note it should be tasted. I was really turned off by this. Personally, I didn't eat all day so that I could indulge in everything that I wanted. He kind of made the decision for me when reciting back what we ordered.  I was incredibly uncomfortable and felt judged for my appetite, so I didn't put up a fight and told my husband to keep quiet as well. I've been to many fine steakhouses and this has NEVER happened before. The food is what deserved the stars, but the service negated a lot of points. The truffle potatoes are worthy of all the praise. The salad was delicious. My steak was a little red for my liking, even at medium rare, but still yummy. I liked that the steak came with three sauces to sample, and really enjoyed the house speciality sauce. It was a bit of a soy sauce Asian blend. My husband also enjoyed his steak. Interestingly, I noted that a woman to my left got the same steak, but the same waiter offered to...cut it up for her? And to my right, the first waiter who was so gruff with us, was practically kvelling and gossiping with the two older ladies next to us.  Did we look like degenerates? Um, answer is no. I had on a beautiful dress and my husband a beautiful Italian suit. But nevertheless, it seemed like we were targeted as...not big spenders? Not worthy of attentiveness? Who knows.The only star at that restaurant is the waiter that comes around and refills the water glasses and removes the dishes. He was friendly and chatty and we would have rather tipped him 20% than the guy we did.At the end of the meal, we were given a free dessert in celebration of our anniversary. It was ok. More chocolate cursive letters than dessert. But hey, it was free. This pleasantness was again negated by having to wait for the check for 40 minutes. Once the waiter had collected our credit card and finally come back, he tried to hand it to me. The name on the credit card is clearly one for a man.  It exemplifies the lack of polish here, as at any other fine restaurant, the credit card would be handed back by name to the person who possesses it (and it's pretty easy to tell who did between the two of us and similarly so if you note the person handing it off to you before you swipe it). Even places like TGI Friday's do this. Anyway, I would never come back to this style over substance establishment even if the truffle potatoes are at the top of my favorite foods to eat in Vegas. There are better places to dine. Even in my hometown of Philadelphia, Del Frisco's outclasses this place by miles!
4	I've only been to Vegas maybe twice since I've turned 21. In those few visits, I made it a point to try at least a couple of top-rated restaurants, Prime Steakhouse included. This dinner was specifically in honor of my boyfriend's best friend's 40th birthday. We requested window seating and were luckily seated at a table that gave us a front-row view of the water show at the Bellagio. Bacon-wrapped shrimp - plump, juicy and accompanied by a sweet, delicate passion fruit mustard and honey.Foie gras dumplings - musty taste of liver slightly masked by thickness of the wrap and sweetness of figs.Truffled mashed potatoes - haven't experienced a failed execution of this dish at any restaurant.Filet mignon - one of the juiciest, well-seasoned cuts of filet I've ever had, even compared to Ruth's Chris.Bone-in ribeye - had a bite since it was my boyfriend's steak, but tender and perfectly seared.Glazed market mushrooms - an excellent side to any steak meal.I could do without the small services of shishito peppers as they did not add much value to my meal. Overall, one of the top steakhouses to which I have been!
2	Very disappointing experience. The service was great,but the food was not the quality we expected. I orderded a Ceaser Salad that was a joke. My husband orderded a lettuce wedge salad that had a dressing that was extremely spicy hot and he normally likes spicy food. There was no indication on the menu that it would be spicy. Also we had steak tartare that was also too spicy. My main dish was chicken that was floating in a butter sauce that was also spicy. The sauce on the broccoli was poor.
3	Outstanding filet mignon.  Absolutely delicious Dover soul. The only thing we did not enjoy was the crab cake which was overfried and reminded me of a Mrs Paul's fishstick.
5	I don't even know where to begin! This steakhouse was possibly the best meal I ever had! The sauce they accompanied with the steak was so amazing. I never liked any sauce with my steak but that sauce... whatever it was, it was like MAGIC. I believe that the chef is a wizard. Filet Mignon: This was so tender and juicy. It literally felt like it was melting in my mouth. I usually don't order filet mignon because it doesn't fill me up but this steak overly filled me. Just thinking about this makes me drool...28 oz Bone in Rib eye: This was so HUGE. It could fill up two people. So if you wanted to save a bit of money, ordering the 28 oz and sharing it with another person would be a good idea. This was a little bit tougher than the filet mignon but it's still soft and very flavorful.Yukon Gold Mashed Potatoes: This was the best mashed potato of my life! I just wanted to go back just for this! Unfortunately you can't order food in the bar area so we were never able to have some of this delicious side. It was like thick pudding of awesomeness! Mac and cheese: Very cheesy but it also had a soft taste and the cheese they used didn't overwhelm us. It was really delicious.Riesling White wine: I'm not very familiar with wine but this wine was so good. It went down smoothly. If you're unsure of which wine to order or if you're a "noob" with wine, this is the one!Negative: Steaks didn't come with sides. The sides were 12-18$ a piece. Most steaks were accompanied with shishito peppers.
4	Dinned there with my family. The food was very good but nothing really special. We ordered few salads, pea soup, asparagus, risotto, baked potato, salmon and most of it was good. The only thing I would skip is the asparagus salad.The service was excellent!I recommend the restaurant. Maybe I didn't give it 5 stars because I don't eat meat.
3	Slow service and my table was ignored.  Ive been to other fine dining restaurants even in Bellagio (such as Picasso and Jasmine) (other places such as Delmonico, Craft Steak House, etc) that provided great to amazing service.  I never felt so ignored at a steak house before.  Other places they are attentive and ready to assist, not this place.  I kept having to flag people down.The food was decent, I ordered a tomato salad and seabass instead of a filet.  I felt for a tomato salad it was really lacking on the tomatoes.  It seemed like 1 1/2 small round tomatoes.  Could I at least get the other half of the second tomato for that price? Fresh cheese and the seabass's sauce was tasty.  Would I go back even if it had better service the next time around? No.
5	I came here to celebrate my B-day weekend, and I was VERY impressed.  First off, AMAZING service.  Our server was very friendly and paid the perfect amount of attention.  He also recommended a DELICIOUS Cabernet to pair with our steak (not TOO expensive either).  We started with the crab cakes which was heaven in my mouth.  Even the complimentary bread & butter was epic! I ordered the Filet Mignon, Onion Rings, Truffle Mashed Potatoes, Potato Gratin and corn.  ALLLLLL amazing. My favorite were the truffle mashed potatoes if I HAD to choose one.  They brought me a complimentary chocolate cake for my bday which was so nice :) We also ordered a creme brulee & coffee.  All were delicious. Finally, our server brought us free tickets for the Bank nightclub, where we went after we saw "O." Must say...great weekend at the Bellagio.  Will definitely come back for the next special occasion :)
3	Probably a top 5 steak for me, the food was outstanding and the service was great as well.  Only issue I had was our table.  We had a reservation for over a month and the restaurant wasn't busy but they put my bachelor party in the corner by the bathrooms, it was awful.  The food is great but sadly next month I will not dine there again because we were thrown to the side with our reservation.
5	Extremely tasty food, recommended.Ambiance and elegant environment will set the stage for a lovely evening out.I ordered venison; I believe there's a good chance deer will at sometime take out my car (and me?) on the highway - so I'm getting my payback against deer on the front end.The service was what one should expect from the elite restaurants of the world.  A head waiter, who's been doing it all his life, supported by a contingent very qualified sous servers and bussers.If you plan on splurging on a top-rate meal in Las Vegas, you won't be disappointed with Prime.
3	My husband and I love steakhouses and of course this was one of the hot spots that we had to try. I had a couple of people recommend this restaurant and I was so excited to try it out when we got to Vegas. The decor is lux and beautiful. Very elegant but not too much. Low lighting created a great romantic atmosphere. Especially the booming of the water fountains at Bellagio.What great entertainment. Well with all the ambiance I was drooling for what more has to come. The service was great, staff was very nice but it wasn't outstanding for an expensive restaurant especially for Vegas. The bread and butter was nothing to rave about. So come on steak! I'm a Rib Eye fan and always order it so then I can do a fair comparison for the quality and taste of the steak. When the steak had arrived, I dived into it and kept on cutting and cutting. Well it wasn't as buttery as I hoped. The fat on it didn't taste that great. And the meat itself was okay. Don't get me wrong. I did eat a majority of it with the three accompanying sides. 2 out of 3 were good. The mushrooms I would not recommend but the potatoes with the bacon marmalade was very good. My husband didn't think his steak was amazing either but we loved seeing the fountains. Would I recommend this place? No not really. There are so many amazing restaurants in Vegas this one was not one of them. It wasn't that it was bad but it was just disappointing. The one steakhouse that was unforgettable is STEAK from Gordan Ramsey at the Paris. That place I give 5 stars.
5	I mean where do we start?The atmosphere: very laid back, but dress nice. The views of the bellagio fountain show is breathtaking, the waiters are super informative and very funny guys. We had seafood platters which included every seafood you can think of, lamb chops, ny strip and filet, along with caesar salad mash potatos, mac and cheese(to die for), asparagus, mushrooms, i mean you name it.Most def will be back. Thanks to the CHEF!
5	service and food was awesome but here is the catch, any steak more than $30 tastes the same. (no matter if it is aged, organic etc ...) and basically you pay extra for service and the name ;)
5	Escape Vegas to an elegant tranquil and refined space in the Bellagio. If you're organised book early and request a table against the window with a view of the Fountains. Staff that understand what good old fashioned customer service is - and exceed it. The food is nothing short of exceptional. The best steak my wife and I have ever had, and we've eaten at a lot of great steak restaurants. Silky smooth truffle mash. YUM. Expensive yes, but with food, service and wine this good - you're in Vegas, so who cares??!!!
2	8/29/13First night in Vegas, my brother in- law wanted me to try this restaurant the place itself is a little dark to the point they had to use a flashlight to look at my  steak.(which we will get to) So lets get right to the steaks. I ordered the bone in rib eye, which is one of my favorites. i ordered mine medium rare. The first steak was well done. The manager was standing behind me watching me cut it several times and finally asked is something was wrong, so i told him it was overcooked and he brought me out a new steak. Great I thought, then the second one was raw that's where the flashlight came and he looked at it. He brought it back for a refire and guess what this time it was microwaved. A microwave steak for $58 and with a name like prime I could buy a better steak in a grocery store.In between all the steaks I had to ask for another drink which the waiter never brought till I was done eating. I sent it back cause it was sitting there so long there wasn't any ice left in it. the manager took my microwave steak off the bill big deal it still cost me $300, what a waste when there so many good restaurants in Vegas
5	I chose Prime as the location to propose to my girlfriend yesterday and I am thrilled that I did. From the reservation a few days before all the way through they were kind, courteous and extremely helpful. I initially picked Prime for the location and knew that I wanted a seat on the patio where we can watch the fountains go off. They sat us at a table close to the water and right in the center. Could not have asked for more.She ordered the 18oz ribeye and I ordered the beef short rib. We shared a side of the fingerling potatoes. Everything was delicious and exactly what you would expect from a fine dining experience. The bread basket has three bread options... sourdough, pretzel and a sweet raisin/walnut I believe. I have to say that I could have just ate bread and would have been thrilled. It was sooo good.They brought out a beautiful little desert with Happy Birthday inscribed right as the fountains were going off as I had requested.I look forward to returning to Prime down the line and know that I will receive top notch service and food.Thank you to the staff (Charles-manager, Jesus-waiter and the rest of the team) for making our experience one to remember. You guys are awesome!
3	This was a splurge for hubby and I's 15th wedding anniversary. We sat outside on the patio which was amazing for me, but I really love the fountains. Even though we had reservations two weeks in advance, we were told it might be about twenty minutes(we got there about 10 minutes before our reservation). Which is fine, I know there are limited seats outside and people will stay and chat. When we were first seated, it took our waiter a good five minutes to ask us what we wanted to drink. It took probably 8-10 minutes to get bread to our table.   Not a great start!  We were decided what we wanted to order and sat there for another 10 minutes or so before our waiter came back and yes, our menus were closed on the table that whole time.  Our appetizer came fairly quick but our steaks took quite a while. We had the crab cake which i thought was pretty incredible. We saw a few tables who sat down after us get their food much quicker then we did.  Whatever, though, it was our anniversary and we had a great view of the fountains. I ordered a medium 18 oz t bone steak which ended up being more rare then I would like, and hubbies medium rare porterhouse steak looked medium. Steaks were tough to cut with the knife provided but melted n your mouth. It was delicious, as was the sauces they provided.  Our water glasses never went empty and that really was the only attentive service we received.  We were asked if we wanted coffee, which I replied yes, along with a dessert menu.  We got our menus right away and it took at least 20 minutes for someone to take our order.  When the waiter took our order, it was another 20 minutes before we got our creme brulee.  The waiter simply forgot because I looked up at him when he walked by our table and the look on his face was one of oh s*&^% forgot their desert.  He did apologize and since it was our anniversary, it was complimentary.  I was in great company but the amount of tip left on our bill reflected our dissatisfaction with our service.  Our total was $192 for the crab cake appetizer, two steaks, two baked potatoes, and some coffee.  Just a warning, they do allow smoking as it is outside, which can be not so pleasant when the smoke is blowing in your direction.  We also had a rowdy group at the table next to us who were quite loud and obnoxious but I understand the restaurant wouldn't want to lose a customer.  We had to ask for our check, as did everyone around us, so I guess that is not unusual.  For the ambiance, and hubby's company it was an enjoyable evening. I loved being so close to the fountains and enjoying them go off every 15 minutes.  We never got any spray and it was a bit windy while we were there.  If we decide to go to a high end restaurant for our next anniversary, we will probably check out another place.
5	Oh My Gawd!  The best steakhouse that I have ever visited.  I have been to many around the US and globe.The service and the knowledge that each server has is unmatched by any other restaurant.  The cuts of beef are awesome and are always cooked to the temp that you request.When in Vegas, please stop it.  It is costly, but well worth it.
4	Prime is a great steakhouse.The view of the water show at the Bellagio is fantastic, should you opt for the outdoor seating.The steaks are wonderful, as was the Seafood Shellfish to share amongst the non-selfish :) - - clams, mussels, oysters, shrimp, crab and lobsterThe service is good as well.I had the bone-in-fillet mignon, which was perfect!This can be what I'd say one of the better ambient sort of romantic steakhouses in Las Vegas, a good place for a meat eating date.The prices are of course higher than your typical meat and potatoes restaurant, but if you're accustomed to paying $50-80 for a steak, this is a good place.  The avg meal after tax/tip with a drink or appetizer should set you back about $150 per person at minimum, and once you add bottles of wine and the high end appetizers you're closer to $200-250+ per person to do it the right decadent way not holding back and just having a good time... YOLO !!!
5	Phenomenal food, phenomenal service. You pay for quality as you should. Do not gripe about cost in a place like this. Go ,enjoy, tell friends how amazing it was
5	I stopped by at Prime tonight after a grueling 9 hour business meeting.  When I arrived, I was seated at a great table close to the window where I could see the Bellagio Fountain Show in the background.  After I ordered my Whiskey, I had a chance to truly appreciate the beauty of this restaurant.  The decor is very upscale, romantic and very ornate.  A great place for a power business dinner or a date.For dinner, I ordered the Butternut Squash Soup, Bone-in Rib-eye Steak, Potato Gnocchi and their Banana Tart for desert.My entire meal was amazing.  Each dish was perfectly prepared and super yummy!  If you want a great steak dinner in one of Las Vegas' most romantic places, come to the Prime!The food, fountain show and sexy decor rocks!!
3	Had dinner at prime at Saturday, way overpriced for the quality and taste, service was OK not excellent, I would say the best part of dinner was dessert and the bread, had the bone in filet medium rare and it was just ok have had much better steaks at other vegas steakhouses including delmonicos and delfriscos, I give it 3 stars only because of ambiance and location next to the lake, also the potato neoche was very good
3	Went to Prime for my bday when in Vegas. I gotta say the food was good but the waiter was one of the worse i have ever seen. I was really surprised to see that at a high end restaurant like that. I felt like he was pushing me to buy stuff from the menu and at the end i left him a 20% tip and said thank you, he had nothing to say and didn't even say goodbye, when he was right there when we left. I guess $55 is not enough tip for him. Very dissapointed at the waiter Prime has working for them.
3	Dark dark dark restaurant. The food was good - the bread is freaking amazing, the mashed potatoes and asparagus are pretty standard, the Mac and cheese is all cheese, and the butternut squash soup is great.
3	I'll start with the good before I get to the (really) bad.Came here for my birthday yesterday night. I had a fantastic time with my parents. Our waiter, Richard, was accommodating, polite and patient. He took good care of us all night and provided great customer service from beginning to end. For our main course, I ordered the filet mignon, and in the words of my mom, "you don't even need teeth to chew this meat". It was tender and it was the kind of meat that you'd use the expression "melt in your mouth" for. My mom had the regular bone in rib eye and lastly, my dad had the most amazing dry-aged bone in rib eye ever. Richard recommended we try the dry-aged rib eye, telling us that the meat is marinated for 21 days before cooked. we definitely tasted it. The chefs and our waiter Richard get a hands down 5 star review. The food is worth the price it asks for, no doubt about that. Richard even pulled off that sweet secretive birthday dessert plate move at the end. I had a great time at Prime and I would definitely recommend it to anyone who wants to try quality steaks. The restaurant also had a wonderful woman who took professional photos for us. We bought the decorative photo frames at the end of dinner because we just couldn't resist.Despite our waiter and our meal being 5-star quality, I just cannot, in good conscience, endorse a 5-star review. I was very disappointed with my experience with the hostess. I had initially hoped that since the hostess asked me if it was for a special occasion beforehand when I called in for a reservation, they'd place us in an area close to a view of the bellagio fountain and strip view. In fact, it was one of the main selling points of the restaurant description. When we arrived, I watched as the brunette short haired hostess look at the seating chart in front of her and decide where to place us, meaning, it seemed like placing its customers is a decision made upon arrival, not beforehand. Our booth was spacious, however, it was also in the end of the restaurant between the bathroom and the kitchen. The entire night, we watched as people walked back and forth into the bathrooms. I noticed the many empty smaller four seat tables in the center area as the male hostess walked us to our table, so I got up from my seat and asked the brunette hostess if we could move to the tables towards the center since it's a special occasion and my parents were hoping to be able to see the view. Worth a shot. By then, I still saw open tables and even one just being cleaned up. The waiting area was empty and no one was waiting to be seated. The hostess gave a feigned glance at the chart and didn't hesitate to tell me they were fully booked; what does that mean? I booked a table too, honey. When I called for reservations, I wasn't asked to pay an extra fee to sit near the view or for any special seating arrangements. If I knew, I would gladly place the request or pay whatever additional fee. Later on, I watched a blond woman get seated at a table on the other side of the restroom. she told the hostess she wanted to switch tables and the hostess immediately took her to another one near the center of the room. I watched as the hostess placed the next unsuspecting party with a later reservation get seated there, so it's apparent that there isn't a set protocol regarding moving parties around. Honestly, I would have felt more at ease if it turns out it was the restaurant's practice to not accommodate seat change requests. But I guess it just depends on whose asking.I'm pretty offended. As far as I know, the blonde woman and I both requested the same thing, but the hostess chose to only accommodate her. Last time I checked, the value of my dollar is worth just as much as hers, so if I don't appreciate where I'm seated, I am just as entitled to a seat change as that woman was when she found out she was sitting in the same area the hostess shamelessly placed us at. Overall, great ambiance, food and wait service. Hopefully when I return, however, I won't have to feel put down again by the hostess. And I sure hope nobody else has the same unpleasant experience.
5	Eating at Prime will always be remembered as one of the best nights of my life. We were there to celebrate our anniversary. We made our Friday night reservations three days in advance and only had a 5:30 or 10:00 option. I am glad we went to for 5:30, because we were able to see the Bellagio fountains by day and by night. They were also able to give us a seat on the terrace which was amazing. Every bite of our meal was unbelievably good. Our steaks were perfect. They offered some incredible sauces. My favorite thing was honestly the white truffle mashed potatoes. WOW! The staff was great as well. Our experience here was nothing short of incredible and worth every single penny.
5	Best Steak I've Ever Had.  I dream about this steak.Now, lets take a step back.  Of course make a reservation.  My party made a reservation well in advance and requested to sit in the patio overlooking the Bellagio fountain. It was July and hot as balls, so they gratefully did not seat us outside, but we had a window seat to see the wonderful fountain show time and time again.  It was great.Now the Steak.  A good steak needs no additional sauces.  This one did not, it melted in your mouth.  However, they provide sauces and they were so good.  Such a great compliment to an already great piece of meat.It's a beautiful restaurant.  It's classy but not overly done.  The staff are knowledgable and warm.  It's an overall great experience.Anytime I am in Las Vegas I will be eating there.
5	The Tomahawk for two was just the best steak I have ever had!  Drinks are expertly mixed, they sought out the rye I wanted for my Manhattan. Service was impeccable, as you would expect for the price you are paying. But, you don't go to Prime for a bargain, you go for the quality and the experience. It has great ambiance and though you can be all dolled up, it is not stuffy or snooty in the least. If you've got the money to indulge (you're already at the Bellagio after all), this is a must dine at place when you're in Vegas. Can not wait to go back an eat here again.
4	Service was top notch! We were lucky to get a table with a view of the fountains which made me add an extra star. Food was good but not amazing justify a $300 bill for 2 people. Overall it is a very nice and romantic place but if had equal if not better steaks for much less.
4	Foods are very good! The steak is melted in the mouth ! Love the mashed potato ! The waiter are good, they pay attentions to you as long as you're done your plate, they will come take it away. But one waiter is kind of look mean, others are very nice! Remember to make a reservation before you go
3	Their filet and rib - eye were phenomenal. Seafood?--ummm.. no. It's a steak house. My dove white fish had weird slimy yet chewy texture that i couldnt get over. I had to return the dish and got scallops. It was really salty! So get the steak.
5	Always looking forward coming to Prime. Best of everything. Great food, ambiance and staff. Thank you and Merry Xmas
5	One of the best meals I have ever had.  We were seated in the middle table at the window facing the Bellagio fountain for my birthday. For our appetizer we had the Ribbons of Tuna. OH MY GOD it was amazing. For the main course, we had the filet mignon with sides of spinach and truffle mashed potatoes. The filet came with the following sauces: peppercorn, soy-rice wine and bearnaise, all of which were carefully explained to us. Fantastic wine selection. I did not tell the waiter I was there for my birthday until the signed credit card receipt was returned. He immediately said "please...DO NOT LEAVE YET" and within a few short minutes I received a complimentary chocolate cake that was delicious. Extremely professional wait staff, great teamwork. Minor note: there is a photographer walking around taking photos. She was kind of cold and somewhat rude when we said we did not want out picture taken. However, we did understand that was her job. Also, it was kind of awkward but also VERY entertaining to hear all the coaching she gave the people at the next table: "Give that pretty lady a kiss!" FLASH "You are one lucky guy!" FLASH
3	With Prime's level of snobbery, you'd at least think the chef would season the steaks before cooking...If you're looking for a standard steakhouse menu set in the palace of Versailles, then Prime is probably for you.Highlights: The menu is pretty standard fare but it's got all of the staples - steaks, potatoes, French onion soup, shrimp cocktail, creamed spinach etc. The quality of ingredients is very good and the potato dauphinoise were a very tasty side dish option. The wine list is pretty expansive as well.Low lights: Prime's ambiance is extremely stuffy. The waitstaff does little in the way of making you feel at home and we found our server to be very impatient and overbearing. The ornate setting doesn't really compliment the menu properly, however the panoramic windows in the dining room provide a nice view of the Bellagio's water show. None of our steaks had been seasoned before cooking which is practically a cardinal sin. How would any chef hope to create the perfect crust and flavor profile without a generous helping of salt and black pepper? Seriously disappointing...If you're staying at the Bellagio and looking for a steak dinner, Prime is a convenient option. Otherwise, go to the absolutely fantastic Carnevino at the Palazzo.
5	Long due review here. Took my girl here for a special occasion. Made a request to be seated on the balcony when I made my reservation. We got seated promptly. Service was attentive and food was great. price is a little steep but you should already know that before deciding to dine here. it's definitely a experience and very romantic place. btw, she said yes...
5	This was the most romantic place i have ever been. It came with delicious food and great view of the bellagio fountain show. I was sad that i wasnt able to have a professional photo of us taken by their photographer that goes around, but ill be sure to hang on to her next time. Maybe next time we could sit outside in the summer so we can have the full romantic experience with the water show and scenery of Paris!! Overall, we had a wonderful and unforgettable dinner here. I will definitely be back.
5	My friends and I ate here on our first night in Vegas the last time we were in town. Two of my friends had been before, but this was my first experience. When I first walked into the restaurant, I was immediately struck by the traditional cushion-y blue velvet chairs and all of the heavy draperies. Stuffy, perhaps, but also beautifully and tastefully done.I would recommend dressing up, as most of the men were wearing jackets. Of course, they won't kick you out if you show up in jeans, but it's a classy place, so dress appropriately.We were seated right in front of the window, which provided a lovely view of the Bellagio fountains at night. So pretty! This was one of my favorite parts of the experience.Trying not to over-do it on my first night of eating in Vegas, I ordered the Market Tomato Salad and the Scallops. I had a lemon martini to start, and it was fantastic. I asked for more savory than sweete, and the bartender made the drink perfectly. We ordered a Trimbach Riesling for the table, and this very dry riesling from the Alsace region in France has become one of the white wine staples I keep in my home.The burrata on the tomato salad was perfectly creamy and balanced well with the fresh tomatoes. I've had some mediocre tomato-mozzarella salads in my day, but this one was perfect. The scallops were perfectly seared, and the capers added the appropriate level of salty bitterness to match the sweetness of the scallops. Delicious!One of my friends ordered the filet as she always does, and it was a perfect medium, with the perfect level of charring on the outside. I tried a bite and dipped it into the peppercorn sauce. It was fantastic. I had a bite of creamed spinach as well, and it had just the right amount of acid to counterbalance the cream.Enjoying conversation with friends while watching the Bellagio fountains at night capped off the evening. I can't wait to go back on my next trip to Vegas.
5	It's become a tradition for the sales team I'm on to come here each year. When I dine out, my top priorities are food, service, and ambiance (in that order). Prime exceeds my expectations every visit.If you like steak, this is the place to get it! Try the steak sauce they recommend that is only available at Prime. My favorite dishes are the tuna ribbon salad and Dover sole. We always get the chocolate dessert as well:)Make sure to request a table by the window, so you can get front row seats to the water show in front of Caesar's. Fantastic experience all around every time!
4	In Bellagion, near shops, downstairs next to Picasso. -Men need to wear jackets as indicated but they won't say anything if you don't. -Nice views of the Fountains, steaks were cooked very well as they cut up pieces as serve you. Sides were also good. Had to skip dessert cause the meal was a good size and was going to Mystere and Tao afterwards. -Lady comes by to take very good pics but its at a very good price for her-Met Carolos Santana -Overall good experience
5	Excellent food and service!  The filet was like butter!  The seafood tater was absolutely huge and divine!
4	Nice atmosphere
3	After trying so many steakhouses, Prime is only mediocre. The atmosphere to Prime is really romantic and has a good feel to it. It makes you feel like a classy person when you're in Prime and that goes for the price of your food as well. For the price and the taste of your food, you can probably get better steakhouses(Craft or SW ). I did quite enjoy having the sauces on the side which give it a nice little spin to it. However, I only end up using one and we never got one of the 4 sauces( the miso-mustard). I was a big fan of the soy-rice wine sauce which was a winner for me(I believe there was garlic in it) Moving on, the steak was good quality but it didn't exactly differ too much from other steak houses(including Mastro where I get Porterhouse as well) for a more inexpensive price than I would rather go back to Mastros. On a side note, what did win for me in Prime was their sides. Their sides were one of the better sides that I've had(way better than SW) in my opinion. The mac and cheese which was layer with lot of truffle(yay) was quite awesome and so was the mash potatoes. Oh the service was wonderful and they didn't charge us for a bottle of wine that we brought(usually it would be $50 so be warned)...probably because our bottle of wine was too cheap for them :p. Whatever the case, I like that they didn't charge for us it. The dessert were okay. You can give it a try when you are in Vegas but the winner for steakhouses for me is definitely Craft. I do highly recommend bring a girl to a date here since it is quite the place as you can even see the bellagio's water show which was a +.
4	Was here for my birthday dinner and it was great.Tried the Rib Eye and it was delicious.Bacon wrapped jumbo shrimp were awesome.Mash Potatoes were fluffy and creamy, asparagus was so tender.Bread was soft and tasty.One thing you get here is class. Great service and great food, but come here without a budget, because you will spend some dough.  Been to enough steakhouses to say this steak was one of a few best I have ever tasted.The prices are high not because they might be better then other places, but it's the location and a nice view.Treat yourself to a nice dinner while you're in Vegas, would say try this one, but with many options I will probably take my money some where else to see what other great restaurant is out there next time.
5	OMG, it was delicious! If you are looking for a fab steak in Vegas, look no further.I dined on the patio, which is a total must - AMAZING view of the Bellagio fountains.The staff were superb. Very friendly, knowledgeable, and attentive.The bacon wrapped shrimp were huge and oh-so-delicious! The caesar salad was a bit unique in that it had mustard greens. Tasty dressing to boot. The filet mignon was huge! Perfectly cooked and super tender. And it came with sides of sauces. I have a serious love for bernaise and the bernaise here most definitely did not disappoint. Go with the bernaise! Lather it on your steak! And for sides, I had the mushrooms and truffle potatoes. The truffle potatoes were positively divine. Creamy and delicious. And the mushrooms were a fabulous compliment to the steak. I had zero room for dessert, but the desserts looked delicious.I thoroughly enjoyed my dining experience here. Prime is truly a top notch experience. A total Vegas must-do.
2	Its fair to say that we won't be returning to Prime*We made our reservation for Valentine's Day a month in advance and were only able to dine at 10 pm :( call in December perhaps)*We called on the day of to see if we could come earlier but nothing was available (shucks)*We were stuck in traffic and called to let them know we would be late and we were informed that we MUST arrive by 10:15pm. Arrived and our table was clearly ready (could have come earlier?) and there were several large parties that hadn't ordered their entrees (why MUST we be here at 10:15? The kitchen is clearly still open)*Had a comp sent from our host but the front door staff was unable to locate it and after two people came to our table during our meal it was finally located (organization??)*Our server was as bland as my filet,  he had zero personality and no enthusiasm (long shift?)*Filet was ordered medium (preggo lady here, but it was nowhere close so I could only eat a few bites and didn't take it to go) sadly it needed the sauce they privided...not my kinda steak plus it was tough*Husband loved his rib eye but that was the highlight of our meal, the bacon wrapped shrimp was a close second, and the creamed spinach in third*Asparagus salad, mushrooms, fingerling potatoes, chocolate cake and creme brulee were boring at best*There was a really nice back waiter with a unique name from LA that deserved praise. I want to say Rajuk but I'm sure I've moved the vowels around and this is as close as I remember but he was very personable, funny and kind. Give him a promotion asap!*I really enjoyed dining at Jean Georges in the Aria and in the future I'll stick to my waygu beef. Good bye Prime.
5	Porter house! Great stuff and wonderful view outside next to the water show. Perfect for romance.
5	The service and food were outstanding. Best view in town if you get a table by the fountain! Highly recommend!
2	Considering that this is a fine dining restaurant, I felt disappointed by the service and quality. The service was sub-par, as the hostess let the door actually hit me and walked onward to the table, and we had to constantly wait to seek and ask for a waiter to refill our water. As for the food, for the first time, I did not want to completely devour a steak, and I LOVE steak. However, I do have to say their lamb is quite delectable. Despite the good lamb, I will have to say this is not a first-choice restaurant in Vegas for me.
2	just ok for the price.
4	My friend and I got the bone in steak along with some side broccoli mushroom Mac n cheese.  I order mine medium and my friends medium rare.  My meat of course came out meaty while my friends was chewy with tendons kind of like it was gamey.  Service was knowledgable.  Had a problem with my friend's bone in steak and talked to the manager about it.  It was my friend's birthday too as well so we made the best of it.
5	This terrific restaurant is in the Bellagio in Las Vegas, and is outstanding. It's not cheap, but not outrageous either. The service and food are top notch and if you like steaks, this is the place. The fish is also to die for. Everything about this place is wonderful.
3	In this week for dinner.  Good but not great.  I don't mind the prices, but I do expect to be blown away by a $63 filet.  It was fine, but just that and wouldn't come close to even making the top 25 for me.   Same with the scallops - nothing wrong with them - but just good, not great.   It is a nice setting and if you are close to the windows the view of the fountains is a bonus.  The service was very good, our waiter very attentive and pleasant.  $400 (w/tip) for 3 - that was salads and mains and a few glasses of wine,  no desert.  Again, overall it as fine; but not a place that makes my list of great places to have a steak.
3	We had dinner at Prime Monday night, St Patricks Day to celebrate our Anniversary. We both ordered the dry aged prime rib steak, which was excellent. Started with squash soup and Seared Foie Gras both were good. The ambiance is fantastic with the Bellagio surroundings and the memorizing fountain... stunning. It is very pricy, but inline with higher-end Las Vegas showcase restaurants.  So the negatives: I started the meal by ordering a dirty martini with blue cheese stuffed olives, it was very good. The problem is they started slamming down plates as soon as the drink was served.  I hardly had time for a few sips before the super fast service started.  It was Go Go speed racer style service. It felt very rushed. The rushed plating and service made the experience feel very touristy. The waiter forgot our wine order, we had to remind him. This seems especially bad for a fine steak house to fail to service up the ordered wine with the main course., a fat juice steak, that begs for a big red wine. I would assign most of our negative experience at the hands of the waiter... he seemed distracted and lacked the finer art of high quality service.
5	the food, the view, our server.. the overall experience......this will be a place we'll visit everytime we're in vegas. everything was so delicious!
3	We came back recently because of Karina and Christian and had a much better experience. The service was spot on and the food was better. We were celebrating a friend's birthday and ordered a variety of steaks/dishes. I really liked the updated version of the Caesar salad. I also thought the sides were spectacular this time around. The onion rings, mashed potatoes, brussel sprouts, and mushrooms were all fantastic. The steak was just as I remembered, especially the miso one. I really appreciate them getting back to me about my first experience, and would happily recommend Prime to family and friends in the future.
5	Very pricey but worth it. Took my wifey out here for a date night. Tab for 2 ran about 400. I had dry aged ribeye, she did sea bass. Both were fantastic and cooked correctly. I had the shellfish appetizer (65$ for a small main lobster, 2 oysters, 4 huge shrimp, 2 mussels, 1/4 lb king crab). It was the best appetizer I have ever eaten and was afraid i wouldn't have room for the steak lol. Wife had crab cake (25$). Small for the price but not much filler. Just lumpy crab meat. Servers were spot on
5	Excellent service, location and atmosphere. Wait staff is on point, recommendations and service exceptional. Decor is beautiful, loved outside seating next to the fountains the mist was nice on a warm night. Beautiful and perfect evening
5	I spend a lot of time in Vegas (on business) and a lot of time eating cow. My pallet is open-minded enough to enjoy street meat of the gypsy varieties as well as private chef fare in the homes of UN dignitaries. After 40 some years of travel and esoteric gastro-tours all over the world I hope that of all the food genres out there that I would be considered a credible critic of steak.Blah blah blah! Please forgive the prologue.Jean Geaorges' Prime is essentially a perfect steakhouse. Maybe not the best but you'd be hard pressed to find much area for improvement. The setting is elegant. The service professional without being stuffy. The cheapest cuts are great. The expensive cut are heavenly. You can easily drop over $200 for a specialty cut... a la carte! Well worth it though. I went for the aged bone-in ribeye. Perfect.All the sides are as they should be: creamed spinach, sauteed spinach, mashed potatoes, etc. The wine list is legitimate. If I were forced to find a flaw it would be in their sauces. The au poivre was too think and bit sweet. two others they offered forme to sample were lack luster, though I can't remember what they were. Thy to get a seat close to the windows to enjoy the view of the famous Bellagio fountain. Though really there is no bad seat in the house.Like I said, maybe not the best ever but no one will leave disappointed.
5	We went to Prime on our first night in Vegas. We had eaten there before 2 years ago out on the patio. This time we made a reservation inside. You definitely need a reservation. We had a quaint table in a dining area near a large window so we could see some of the fountain. I started out with the Shrimp cocktail which was 4 large shrimp with cocktail sauce perfectly displayed on a bed of ice with lemon. They were delicious and a perfect appetizer. We both ordered the Caesar salad which was not only delicious but a nice sizable portion. I ordered the filet mignon which was superb and my companion got the dry aged bone in ribeye which he loved. We split the truffled mashed potatoes which were so creamy and delectable and a perfect portion to share. They did give us a nice bread basket with various bread including my favorite pretzel bread. We were too stuffed for dessert. The service was absolutely impeccable and friendly. Would definitely go back. Definitely pricey. Also, I might add there is a dress code which was not necessarily enforced.
5	I got back from a fantastic meal at Prime two nights ago.A few girlfriends and I were looking to try one of the fine dining restaurants in Vegas, and with so many to choose from, we decided on Prime given its location next to the Bellagio fountains and rave reviews on Yelp.We started our evening at 8:30 and were a bit befuddled that we had to wait until 8:40 to be seated, despite having reservations and arriving a few minutes early.This was a minor snag, as the decor and ambiance of Prime quickly trumped that.  Prime is located quite literally next to the Bellagio fountains. Even though we were not seated by the window, our party of four still had a great view. The dining room was dimly lit and featured gold accent moldings and beautiful sweeping windows.  This set the tone for a rich meal, complete with a large variety of wines, good menu variety, and more.Having waited tables myself, I quickly asked our waiter for recommendations. As a general rule, I've always done this and it has served me WELL. Waiters want you to go home pleased (their tips depend on it), and they know what is popular.  Although they may not say outright if something is bad, they WILL tell you what is very good or perhaps make an alternate suggestion.  Our server began by saying everything was delicious (as you could expect in this type of restaurant), but did point out the menu highlights. Of the list he told us: the truffle mashed potato, the filet mignon steak, one of the steaks served w/ bone, scallop entree, and sole.We were in the mood for a meal with some punch, so we started with the bacon wrapped shrimp (incredible! One of the highlights of this meal!), and crab cakes to share.The bacon wrapped shrimp themselves were large and the order came with four shrimp. The bacon and green sauce it came with were lovely; the bacon itself was so hearty and smoky that I didn't think it was possible to have such great, varying flavors in a simple slice of bacon. The shrimp was tender.  Right on.The crab cake was also excellent and was served atop a type of cabbage slaw and avocado.  Not overly "crabby", but great taste and a good size cake to share with maybe one other person.We were having a hard time picking out wines, being as none in our group could be called a wine expert by any means.  Many a night of Franzia and Barefoot gulping means my pallet was no match for the variety and quality of wines Prime had to offer. Our waiter did a great being patient and recommending some of the cheaper California wines.  In the end, we went with a delicious California Pinot Noir bottle for $75.Finally, our meal.  Three of us did the Peppercorn New York Steak, which came complete with caramelized red onion and three dipping sauces. The fourth in our party went with the Caramelized Scallops.  We completed this with the acclaimed truffle mashed potatoes (aaahhh-mazing!), creamed spinach, and asparagus.  The steaks were definitely on the spicy side given the peppercorn, but were not overbearing. Our wine, along with the sweetness of the onion and muted, sweeter dipping sauces made the amount of spice just right.  Out of the three sauces, the soy-rice wine stood out as the clear favorite, just as our waiter predicted.  The steak was fresh, cooked to a medium rare perfection, and delicious.  The peppercorn rub was mouth watering and spiced just right.Amazingly, the scallop dish was the most memorable of the entrees. It was served in an amazing caramelized sauce that was so good I found myself mooching sauce to dip my bread in. (Sorry, Shayna.  I've done worse.) ;P This might be my next dish here.The truffle mashed potatoes were also delicious, as was the creamed spinach.  Of the two sides, however, the truffle mash was definitely more appetizing. The potatoes were creamy, and literally melted in your mouth.  My mouth is watering just remembering them.Since we were celebrating a birthday, our server was kind enough to bring out a delicious chocolate cake free of charge as we waited for our check.   Here, service was a bit slow, and we had to ask a busser for assistance on more than one occasion in order to make an 11:00 show. We quickly realized this was because our waiter was preparing the cake, but I also noticed he was assigned seating on the opposite side of the dining room. Having served myself, I know how bad it sucks to be serving a fine 3 course meal with tables in opposite directions, or simply having too many. This is a potential area for improvement, however, our waiter was very kind and patient with us as we took forever to order, so perhaps we also had a part in this.  I will admit, we took forever to order.Overall, this was an exquisite meal and made for a wonderful night out for our friends. Be prepared to drop some cash here-with wine, sides, and appetizers, our meal came out to $125 a person, not including gratuity. I highly recommend Prime for any special occasion or a night on the town.  Well done.
5	The food was amazing. The host was completely helpful and the view was awesome. Will be back for sure!
5	My husband and I went here for dinner after our wedding and were so impressed! we started with the shrimp cocktail, and the shrimp were massive! The cocktail sauce was on the spicy side, but still so delish. We both fell in love with the crispy fingerling potatoes...they were incredible, made with a bacon-onion marmalade and just SO GOOD. we both ordered the filet mignon as our main dish and they were cooked to perfection. I order mine medium rare and let me tell you, it was fabulous. the sauces the steaks come with were all tasty, but our favorite was the soy-rice wine sauce. it was unreal. I can't say enough good things about this place. the food was to die for, the service was fantastic, ambiance was incredible...I could not recommend this place more!
5	This is my favorite restaurant of all time! I have never had a dinner this amazing before. They have the best filet mignon you will ever eat, well worth the cost!
2	Disappointing.  Was here several years ago and had an outstanding meal.  Visited this week and it unfortunately has taken a big step back and clearly is at best a 2nd or 3rd tier steak place in Vegas.  Location is great and the service was generally good- but the quality of the beef was truly disappointing.  Had an "aged bone-in rib eye" that was one of the toughest steaks I've had in the past 12 months.  A steak I would expect at a mass chain for a third of the price.if you want to enjoy the beautiful setting go here.  But if you are looking for high end beef I would look for a restaurant in the top tier of Vegas steak places which this is clearly no longer in.
4	Known for its views of the fountain show at Bellagio, this is not a restaurant that only has a view, but food to match. Unlike places I have visited that have a great view and leave you feeling like the meal itself is an afterthought the opposite is true here!After a few bites you'll soon forget to look out the window! The dining room is luxuriously appointed with a plush and resplendent feel and a definite flair towards the romantic without being overly so. It's a great place for friends and family as well as couples. Having said all of that, the food really is the best part here! The NY strip, steamed king crab, bacon wrapped shrimp, bone in filet, truffled mashed potatoes, the beet or tomato salads, all favorites and reasons I come back on nearly every trip I'm here. Come splurge and Salute, they have delicious cocktails!
5	Amazing meal.  It all starts with them keeping the reservation time within a few moments.  It was crowed around the bar but the hostess was quick pleasant and sat us immediately...with a great view of the fountains out the window.  The waiters were great.  Attentive and never rushed you, even with people waiting.  I started with Ribbons of Tuna - so amazing.  The sauce was excellent and made the dish.  I also managed to "test out" my friend's Steamed Shrimp Salad.  Another hit.  So fresh were the seafood portions of these dishes.  My entree was a dry aged bone-in rib eye done medium rare.  Cooked perfectly and it was delicious.  I enjoyed much more than when I went to CarneVino.  We got sides of Yukon Gold Mashed Potatos and Gnocci - both again...excellent.  No room for dessert but overall a great triumph!
5	One of the top five meals I have EVER had in my life.  My friend has eaten here before and he wanted me to experience this amazing restaurant.  We had a nice table off to the side with a partial view of the fountains.  Since it was my first time at the restaurant my friend let me have the chair with the view.  We decided to share our plates.1.  Steak Tartare:  This was the main reason why I came.  It was magical.  The punch of flavors was amazing.  You pick up different flavors all over your palette.  2.  Crab Cake:  The subtle flavor of the crab was allowed to shine.  The spice was just right to add to and not take away from the crab.  3.  Beat and Goat Cheese Salad:  This was the only item all night that I liked, but wasn't blown away by.  The quinoa and pumpkins seeds were not my favorite.4.  Peppercorn Rib Eye:  We both loved the Rib Eye, but we agreed that the next time we come we would opt to get something else.  We felt the peppercorn wasn't needed on such amazing cuts of steak.  5.  Veal Chop:  Best veal I have ver had.  The meat was perfectly cooked and juicy.  The meat was outstanding on its own.  It didn't really need the rich sauce that accompanied the meat.  6.  Cream Spinach:  Excellent7.  Truffle Potato Gnocchi:  Flavor overload!  Incredibly reach and decadent.  We skipped dessert and opted to have a cappuccino instead.  We ended speaking with a lovely group of ladies at the next table visiting from England and we joined them for coffee.  One thing that I LOVED about this experience - we were not rushed.  We arrived at 9 PM and left the restaurant at 1:20 AM.  We were able to savor every bite and enjoy our company over an amazing meal.  After the restaurant emptied out a bit my friend moved his chair to the other side of the table to see the fountains too.  Wonderful experience.
1	Well, this is a first for me, in writing a review where the experience was so poor on entry to engaging the restaurant that I can't even comment on the food.Tonight is our 10 year anniversary, so I thought it fitting that we go to an iconic location while in Las Vegas, The Bellagio.Prime is their center field front row top steak restaurant, or so they market themselves.The idea is a traditional steakhouse in an ideal setting with indoor and outdoor dining while viewing the majestic Bellagio fountains.I took the time to call this afternoon and secure a late reservation (9:30pm) indicating clearly the importance of the date and asking for a special location.When we arrived, after walking through the Bellagio AKA Grand Central Station meets Disneyland's crowd, we approached the hostess stand.Now a restaurant selling itself as a top notch experience should have a direct human interaction upon entry, not two teenage girls working behind a desk.Worse, what clearly must have been the assistant manager walked past us, ignoring us on the way to take a phone call that was obviously more important than acknowledging their guests.While we stood there dressed in suit and my wife's beautiful gown, we endured the conversation that consumed the attention of both "hostess" explaining to the fat man in shorts and an untucked polo shirt, that he was welcome to come in later but needed to wear pants.Now at this point I have to laugh at the irony. Clearly Prime's reputation is strong enough from a perception standpoint to bring clients in, and the stuffy 'dress code' is there to enhance the "exclusivity" if you will. All the while the service is worse than the worst McDonalds restaurant. What a joke.We finally connected with one of the hourly employees at the front counter and they proceeded to try to negotiate with me about wether we had actually requested an outside table or not. It was the equivalent of a conversation with a night club promoter about what it would take to get he table you want. Happy Anniversary I guess... The good news is we went to the bar where a very friendly, competent and quality old school bartender provided real service. We ordered a glass of champagne, settled the check and informed person number 6 that I had to interact with that we would be going elsewhere.They quickly back peddled, all of a sudden a front row table outside was available.I politely informed them that we would be going elsewhere.The four employees were huddling around with the real manager and watching to see what we would do. I doubt they expected that I would take the time to share the truth about the experience on line.Look, here is the bottom line. When you are heading out to an expensive dinner, especially for an important event, and preparing to spend a considerable amount of money, you deserve the absolute best service and mentality. There's no entitlement here. Just because your restaurant is overlooking the Bellagio fountains doesn't mean it's automatically any better than a revolving restaurant exploiting its view to sell you overpriced food.The restaurant is down stairs from the Bellagio Esplanade, it's a stuffy, dark, cave like environment with a very heavy small of cooked and worked over food. Think senior retirement center cafe with expensive decor.If you want my advice, there are a dozen steak houses in town, all much better in every way. I would recommend the SW at Wynn or Carnevino at Pallazo. Of course I can't speak to the food since I couldn't stand the mentality. I can only tell you about the smell and the attitude. Both stink.Try the bar I guess then high tail it out of there before they take your cash and feed the snob beast.Better luck elsewhere.
3	Ok I chose due to reviews-and husbands birthday. We've been to mastros in la, craft steak in Vegas and many other steakhouses. Prime is absolutely elegant, great service, great drinks, nice menu.  We started out at the bar so we could get a table with a view. We ordered a lemon drop very good.  Got a table overlooking fountains super. The restaurant really is elegant. They came out with some delicious bread, my favorite the pretzel bread.  We ordered each the filet for main, and truffle mashed and steamed asparagus. The potatoes were heaven so tasty. The steak although was nice size ordered it medium, both husband and I thought it was bland and not as tender as we expected for 62 dollars. It came with dipping sauces that were good but again the steak to us was bland. That's why the 3 stars. Overall I'd return but try a different steak. I really wanted to love this place it's just soo many steakhouses and we've had a better tasting steak.
3	Went here our first night in Vegas. Right on the fountains at Bellagio which is cool since you can see the shows from a good seat. Food was good. Ginger sweet potatoes were awesome and so were their other vegetables. Steaks come with a number of sauces. Dessert was good as well. It's a bit pricey and it didn't feel it blew me away.
1	I made a reservation for my daughters birthday. Requested a good table and we were seated in the back of the restaurant. There were available tables by the windows. We ordered filet and sea bass. The sea bass was not good. The filet was ok, but we've had many better steaks. The gnocchi was delicious. Our service was not up to par for a restaurant with these prices.  We won't go back.
4	Loved the place, the view, the lamb chops and the service. I didn't really like how to order sides, theyre like ala carte style so it's like 12-15 $ each side. And my bf ordered the bone in prime rib that was 30 days aged and he said it didn't taste aged at all, it was 70$. He eats steak all the time and didn't enjoy it but we were really hungry and in a rush so even though the waiter offered a new piece,  we didn't have time to wait.They took of our wine off the bill which was nice.
4	Loved the view and everyone is really nice.I had the bone-in ribeye and it was very good. The Prime Car drink was awesome
5	5 stars all the way. Beautiful elegant. Loved the experience. Food cooked perfectly.  Waiter was friendly, when I asked few extras question about dairy free desserts and a few more about the menu selections he answered every question. He did have to ask about the dairy free ice cream for the chocolate cake...  Knowledgeable friendly staff.. they also have a photographer going table to table asking if you want pictures. Not once was the conversation my dinner mate and I were having interrupted. At one point a bus boy or someone that hadn't approched us the entire time came to the table and gave me more water. The waiter was a little confused about it too and asked how our meal was and if we needed anything. Everything was great and look forward to going back.
5	Make a reservation. This is an absolutely outstanding dining experience from beginning to end.  Anything on the menu is great. The rack of lamb is perfect. There is nothing about Prime that I wouldn't recommend. Excellent service and staff. Worth the price.
2	Great view, but as expensive as you probably would expect from a Bellagio steakhouse. Each side is like $15 bucks and I think my ribeye was like $70 for maybe a 16oz or something.Two stars mostly though due to my steak being badly charred on the outside. I really should have sent it back, but I probably didn't since I had been drinking. Sigh.
5	Wow.  I can stop this review after the next sentence (although, I most likely won't).  "The Bone-In Filet is Amazing!"  I ordered it medium rare, and it was just delicious.  Cooked with just salt and pepper, the flavor was amazing.  I have never had a bone-in filet before, and I am now ecstatic that I have!  The following day during lunch, I was eating my mediocre sandwich wishing that I kept the remaining part of the bone from the filet to gnaw on.  It was just outrageously good.In addition, we obviously ordered some wine, side dishes, a couple apps, and dessert.  Favorite app was the Foie Gras because we are not allowed to eat it in CA.  It was a special treat to have.  Best dessert was the creme brulee.  Very light and flavorful.Prime is one of my favorite steak places that I have been.  5 stars!
2	Food is good, but not much beyond average. Honestly preferred the meats at Wynn buffet. Service was fine, but not particularly accommodating ( my mother was very cold, we asked to lower the AC but they wouldn't budge ). Prices are very, very high. I would never return here personally.
4	Sat on the patio, and highly recommend doing so if you can get a reservation, so we got the full experience of the Bellagio water show while we ate.  Food was very good, atmosphere was top notch, water show added something you can't do at any other restaurant, but the service was a little bit slow for this level of restaurant.  The Filet was good, not the best ever, but very good.  The sauteed mushrooms are a must with your steak. Overall, a very good steak restaurant with an amazing show, but not the best service and not the best steak ever.... but I'm from Texas.
4	Typical steak house. Very overpriced but you pay for the scenery and service. Still a great date night. 18 dollars a martini.
5	Best steak house in Vegas by far. Try the fillet or porterhouse. The sides make for an excellent meal. Very professional staff and nice atmosphere. Warning : Random photographer will harass you for pictures once every 30 minutes like a panhandler.
2	Very unimpressed with the service and food. They overprice just to be overpriced, and I know it's Vegas, and I'm fine dropping cash on a nice meal, but they could do a much better job. I got steak, potatoes and asparagus and have had equal quality at a much lesser restaurant. Our food took an extremely long time, which I can handle if they just let us know, but we got the 'it will just be 2 minutes' about 3 times for a total of 30 minutes (that was after we had already finished appetizers).  The waiter was condescending and snobby, which sucks because I was hoping for a nice night with friends. Was just very disappointed, I would recommend you try somewhere else. If you are going for the view, eat somewhere else and come back to watch the fountain.
5	Best steak on the strip!Great (romantic) atmosphere!!!Professional Servers.  High Price is well worth it!!!
4	Ahhhh. It is consistent, beautiful view if you get to see the fountain. The outdoor tables next to Prime are Fun.  Honestly, I just can't get really excited about Prime. Nothing bad... Nice food... Just regular.  Not a fabulous thing to say.... It's nice... You are at Bellaggio, how bad can it be.  Lol
5	The patio dining was spectacular. You are treated to a semi-private viewing of the legendary Bellagio fountain every half hour while you dine. The food was spectacular, albeit expensive. The filet was thick and cooked impeccably. Although it was well seasoned and stood on its own, you are provided three seperate sauces (Bernaise, peppercorn and a ginger/soy) to enhace it if you so choose.The service was helpful and professional as expected. It was a bit of a dissapointment however to be told of an intriguing truffle (flown in that day from Australia) risotto special and then being informed 5 minutes later that it had sold out.The patio dining is what pushed this experience over the top and made it worth the considerable expense of about $150pp with tip and drinks.
4	Best meal we had in Vegas. Overlooking the fountains...ambiance reminded me of a north east steak house ( but no north east steakhouse had dancing fountains) Food was incredible. Service exceptional. Price was expensive... But worth it!
5	This restaurant is incredible! We made a Friday night reservation a month in advance and requested a patio table overlooking the Bellagio fountains. I knew it was a long shot but I figured it couldn't hurt to request it. When we arrived they did have a patio table for us and it was an amazing experience. They start you off with a bread basket that has this delicious pretzel bread. It is so good! We had the bacon wrapped shrimp appetizer and they were fantastic. But the best part of my meal was the truffle mashed potatoes! Best mashed potatoes of my life hands down! They were out of this world! I also got the New York Steak and it was very good. The service was wonderful and the view from the patio watching the fountain show was something I will never forget. Can't wait to come back on our next trip to Vegas!
5	Wow!!!  From the service to the food was excellent!  Top notch wine list especially from Napa.  Appetizer to main entre was superb.  One of the best beet salad I've ever had...  The grilled salmon was perfectly prepared...  Lol this restaurant is known for steaks!  With we spent about $200 per person including wine.  Enjoy!!!
5	This place was amazing. I took my girlfriend here for out 2 year anniversary and she loved it. I had made reservations months in advance in hopes of the patio dinning area which I got. The servers was great and friendly.  The food fantastic I had the salmon, she had the lobster tail and we shared the bacon potatoes.  The view of the fountain was amazing. Highly recommend going.
2	Starting Off The Night.... They forced me to return to my hotel room...not at The Belagio, Back at Bally's More Than A Quarter Of A Mile away....for not wearing pants instead  of wearing dress shorts. They offered me a pair of their own pants(which in and of itself seems like a violation of the health code. Who knows whose been in those pants) This declined my party of 9 to a party of 5 until me and one other member of my party could return to the restaurant 30 minutes later at which point everyone was starving and contemplating dining here. The food is average nothing really stood out, the price is centrally based on the contents of each dish. This place only earned two stars. I recommend walking another few yards. And eating at FIX.
1	Save your money and skip the completely overrated/flavorless Wagyu ribeye - if a $35 per ounce steak is suppose to taste like that then the world has gone completely insane.  Plus it must have been the bartenders first day, fresh out of the corner bar tending school, how is it possible to make such a subpar manhattan and don't even bother ordering a sazerac unless you want a club soda and watered down J&B on the rocks (which is not even close to the actual drink).  The only thing that was marginally good was the breadbasket. The waitstaff was incompetent and smug. I'm not sure what happened to Vegas and especially the Bellagio but 5 diamonds, really?  I wish Michelin still rated the restaurants out here.
5	This steak house is worth the splurge.  I treated my husband to Prime for his 45th birthday.  We were seated in their more intimate dining room, a remarkable view of the fountain show...the best seats in the house!The kale Caesar salad was surprisingly good.  It's the perfect summer salad.  My husband  was completely silent as he inhaled his  French onion soup.  Afterwards, he had a huge Kool Aid smile.  The salmon,  NY steak, mac and cheese,  truffled potatoes, and chocolate cake were all stellar.   The view was extraordinary!  A table elegantly placed  near a window  with  gorgeous  panoramic  look into the  dancing waters of the Bellagio fountain, and the strip in the backdrop!Love  it and going back for more!
2	I agree with a lot of the other reviews. This place is really over-priced and over-rated. I almost felt uncomfortable with how pretentious the vibe was during our dining experience. The food was excellent, I will say, but a Prime Cut of meat, is a Prime Cut of meat at some point. It wasn't anything I haven't had before for half the price. This is Vegas though and I definitely knew to expect an expensive dinner. The more disappointing part was the service. I don't even think our sever told us his name. It felt very impersonal and was not an "experience" at all. Everything was rushed and he was not sincere, just very pushy. It would have sat better with me spending $260 for an entree and two sides if the dining experience was enjoyable. The wine list is very small and prices are extremely inflated. Definitely won't be back :(
4	Great steakhouse! Nice and friendly staff. It was an anniversary dinner, and everything was perfect! A nice spot near the fountain view windows, a delicious steak, and a nice anniversary dessert from the restaurant. My only reason for not giving it 5 stars is that I made reservations 3 weeks in advance and still had to wait to be seated. Also the steak knives were dull, I ended up using my fork to cut my steak, but that shows how tender and delicious the steak was. Great job on this one guys!
3	It was good but not great. Let me start by saying we do not normally spend $300 for the two of us to have dinner. Steak, a bottle of wine, and a couple of sides.  The best I could compare it to was a recent dinner at Ruth's Chris which was under $200 and we enjoyed much more. However, this is not Ruth's. It's nicer in most ways.  The environment is very nice. If you get a window table you get awesome views of the Bellagio water show. Our table was ready without a wait which was nice.  Service is good but we felt rushed and had to slow things down a couple times. For that much money I don't want to feel rushed.  So, again we don't normally eat fancy. We are Chili's and Chipotle type people so take that in to account. To us this meal simply wasn't worth the cost. I would rather eat 50 meals at Chipotle, LOL!  Seriously though, if you want a very nice atmosphere, good service, and good food this is a good spot.  If you want to impress your date bring her here!  I just don't think it's worth the cost to ME. Oh ya, I had the tomato salad and it was especially good. Unique, large and VERY good. It stuck out more than anything else we had. Otherwise just good.
3	Will you still love meWhen I'm no longer young and beautiful?Will you still love meWhen I got nothing but my aching soul?I know you will, I know you will at PRIME STEAKHOUSE! - Lana Del Rey (young and beautiful)Honestly if I wasn't able to secure an outdoor patio table, I wouldn't have eaten here. The view was a very big draw for us so I'm happy it worked out.Pros:-as expected, the view is spectacular-it's not as hot as you think, the slight breeze from the water helps-the bread and caesar salad was very good-great picture opportunitiesCons:-they only had one main server (with many sous servers) to take orders and give out the checks for the entire patio area of like 9 tables (we had 2 hours set aside for dinner before the show and we ended up being a little late)-if you don't order a steak here, don't expect much as the seafood is just average here-dress code somewhat enforced, might be inconvenient for people walking around in the crazy summer heat all day wearing shortsOverall, I did have a good time with a few hiccups in terms of service but my steak + foie gras was good so I was happy. It's a good experience to try once but with so many steakhouses in LV, this is a one and done for me.
2	My husband and I decided to treat ourselves to a pricey dinner for our 10th anniversary. A first for us! We were seated, and based on the service, we were so impressed, and resolved to do this more often. However, after we ate our food, we quickly changed our mind! For the price, our meal was DEFINITELY not worth it! I would have rather taken the money spent and put it toward the couch I've been wanting for like a year...there's only a little resentment here ;)I would give a 5+ on service, but food, really just average, and no where near worth the price.
3	I give this place a soft 3.   Let's forget that steak in Vegas is ridiculously priced for a minute.  Service was a bit slow and the $70 steak I ordered was so salty I almost couldn't eat it.  I was too impatient to send it back so I ate it.  Mine potatoes gnocchi was not too good.  It lacked texture and firmness.  Can't comment on desserts as we did not order.The atmosphere was very dark and sleepy.   A little more light would be better,The real thing that is dropping the star count in my eyes was the pushiness of the photographer that intrudes on your table and starts takin photos.  She shows up at dessert with the photos and basically assumes you are buying them.  When you decline she gets huffy.   For the level of restaurant and the prices I am not interested in being hustle into buying picture.   Prime should consider this and develop a softer approach.
3	When I walked into this restaurant I loved the decor and comfort of my chair.  However, as the dining experience continued I found the atmosphere to be too dark.  My party and I got sleepy.  I LOVED my beet salad, but my short ribs were VERY salty.  I few others  in my party felt the same about their dishes.  The gnocchi was very disappointing.  No dessert as dessert menu was underwhelming.  I had only a glass of wine, but flipped through a very extensive wine list.  I found the waiter a little over the top and at times I became annoyed.  Lastly, the photographer who takes professional photos and puts a guilt trip on you  for not buying a proof DID NOT fit the atmosphere.  I'd go back for that beet salad!
5	If you book only one lavish dinner for your Las Vegas trip, PRIME is your place.Fiance and I came here for an anniversary on a Friday night and had the best time.*Magnificent view of the Bellagio fountain show - ask for a table near the window!*Best steak and truffle mashed potatoes I've ever had.  Worth every penny.*Beautiful customer service from host to bar to table.**TIP:  They will come by and ask to photograph you.  Let them!!  Our gal spent time making us both look as good as possible (i.e. skinny and natural, ladies) and took a few different angles from our seated position.  Before the meal is over, they will present you with the photos printed in Bellagio frames, no obligation to buy!!  They were SO beautiful, of course we did buy.. and now a small one sits at my computer in my office to look at each day.Prime, thank you for making our dinner so memorable.
4	My first night and first time in my life ever in Vegas. This place definitely was a night to remember for my palate. This steakhouse is located lakefront of the Bellagio and it was super gorgeous inside from what I could see. I couldn't help but to notice it was one of those restaurants where the lights are so dim, you can't read the menu and everyone is literally whispering around the table. Our server was very helpful and brought out a wine list. I ordered a delicious bottle of cab! I took a look at the menu and lamb chops were crying out for me! So I had to!HANDS DOWN. The best lamb chop I've had. MELT IN YOUR MOUTH GOODNESS!  I couldn't pass up on deserts! CRACKLING KEY LIME PIE. Mmmm.. it was so fun to eat! Every bite crackled in your mouth because of the pop rock candy they sprinkled on the top. The key lime pie tart level was JUST RIGHT.  Such a wonderful medley! I can't wait to come back! I had a great experience. I just hope they would have the lights on a little brighter. The place reminds me of a dark cave. :(
5	The beet salad is a must have! Looking for a special meal? You will find it here. Not the usual casino fare. Fine dining at its best. Pricey but worth it!
5	We had made reservations for our anniversary a week in advance with requests to be seated at window overlooking Bellagio Fountains. When we arrived, they were very courteous and seated us exactly as requested! What a great view.The entire waitstaff was attentive and professional and drinks were out in no time. They did not rush us and went through the menu thoroughly if needed. I am on a special diet and they were able to accommodate without any problems!I ordered the filet mignon with lobster, which was amazing. The filet originally came out a little over done, but they quickly remedied the situation and I had a new one cooked perfectly, and quickly without any blemish in our dining experience. The food was delicious and plentiful. The overall experience was well worth the price and we will be back every time we come to Las Vegas. It's no big secret that Las Vegas is becoming the food capital of the US, and Prime at Bellagio is definitely setting the bar!They even brought us a dessert with a candle and decorated with anniversary wishes on it! They definitely went beyond what was expected and deserve 5 Stars! Don't miss this place!
5	Beautiful restaurant in the Bellagio overlooking the amazing fountain show that just never gets old!  A friend of mine and I ate on the patio last evening and had a great experience.  The service was polished and professional and the food was amazing.  We started with the shrimp cocktail and the crab cake...both solid choices that could have been a meal in themselves.  I enjoyed the halibut entree and my friend enjoyed the sole entree - both flavorful, fresh and delicious.  We shared a side of the ginger sweet potatoes and loved them - absolutely divine!  The Rouge cocktail was the way to go too. If you're looking for an amazing meal in a sophisticated atmosphere with a view of the fountains, Prime is the place for you!
4	The best steakhouse in town. Good staff. Great menu. Combines the best of an old school steakhouse feel with current steakhouse features. Great wine selection.
4	I haven't been to prime in a few years with the huge selection of steak houses in vegas and we went last night with some people staying at the Bellagio and it was excellent!  All the food was great the the few steaks we had and the tuna and all the sides were all great.  The only reason i'm not giving this place a 5 is that they have an old school dress code requiring pants and my father in law had to get a "loaner pair" from them.  As long as you wear pants, this place is great!!!
5	Drop-dead gorgeous view (if you sit on the patio). My husband and I had reservations right at 5 when the opened (as we had a show at 7) and we asked for patio seating. So incredibly worth it. The Bellagio fountains went, it was a beautiful night, they waiters were extremely accommodation, and the food - oh the food. While you will certainly pay top dollar, its worth it. The filet is melt in your mouth happiness. I would recommend this place to anyone who wants to splurge for the night before a nice show.
5	shrimp cocktailsummer vegetables saladdry-aged rib-eyecreamed spinachwith some big Californian cabs with the view of Bellagio fountain show.We had a great time and we'll be back.
4	One of the nicer restaurants you'll find in Vegas or maybe anywhere. Seafood tower appetizer was terrific. Aged rib eye very good.
5	Amazing! First time we ate here. Would definitely come back. Excellent service and food came out fast.
5	Everything about this place is first class. Sure, you will pay for it but it's worth it to experience royalty on special occasions.
5	If you can get over the prices, the steaks are absolutely fantastic. The Dry Aged Ribeye is probably the best restaurant steak I've ever eaten in my life. Service was attentive, but our server actually argued with us a bit over whether or not there was lactose in one of the dishes. He brought out an ingredient list to prove his point. Bad form. Thankfully, the food overpowered the service... when steaks are that good, the service isn't enough to take away from my 5-star rating.
4	My friend and I had dinner here on Halloween night, 10/31/14.  We arrived without reservations!  Of course they are recommended, but we had chosen another venue and changed our minds at the last minute.  The hostess was very nice and accommodating and asked us to wait in the bar for approximately 15 minutes while a table was being readied.  That was great with us.  At the bar we enjoyed a mixed drink each.  Drinks here are about $15 pp.  We were promptly seated near the windows and had a cozy table for two.  The view onto the Strip and the Fountains of Bellagio are fantastic.  Prime is definitely an upscale venue.  We had one primary waiter and two others who assisted.  The menu is a la carte and comprehensive.  I selected the Squash Soup ($15) and it is poured into your bowl at the table.  She selected the baby Iceberg Salad ($18).  There is nothing baby about the salad; it's huge.  You will be full after eating it.  We shared and both were delicious.  For the main course we ordered the 18 oz Ribeye ($64) - just one - and I asked the waiter to split it at the table.  It was more than enough for two.  We also had the roasted Asparagus ($14), the Mushrooms (($16) and Mac and Cheese ($12).  That was too much and I told the waiter it probably was.  All of it was delicious!  The total, without tip, was $164, and that included one more mixed drink for me.Actually, I thought the venue, service and experience overall was excellent, responsive and courteous.  The prime Ribeye was good, but not the best I've had.  I would rate it 3.5 stars, although it was cooked properly, by the time it was served, it was a bit cool.  I like a steak hot.  This was not.  I did not complain -- it was fine, just not hot.  By the time I had eaten the last morsel, it was definitely cold.  If you like rare, this is perfect for you.  I agree with the other reviewers that this is a beautiful restaurant overlooking the fountains.  During the weekend, the fountains are active every 15 minutes, so this is quite a show while you dine.  Very romantic.
3	came here for a special dinner this past Saturday. I made reservations a few days in advance for a table for two at 7pm in front of the fountains. The day of , i came in two hours earlier before going to the spa to show my noir card as the person who took my reservation suggested to ensure the fountain view. They said no guarantees but they will try..At 7 we came in and had to wait an additional 20 minutes. No big deal. Our waiter was a bit awkward. He seemed to be in character of an over anxious server in a semi mocking way. Almost like Geoffrey from fresh prince of bel air. I also noticed he didnt speak like that to any of the other tables he served, his tone of voice and personality completely changed. But he remained in this character for our table. When he approached us he didn't introduce himself or ask how we were. Just asked if we were ready to order drinks from out of nowhere. We ordered the aged rib eye, short ribs, shrimp cocktail , and truffle mashed potatoes. The short ribs were so soft and tender. It was probably the stand out if the dishes we ordered. The shrimp cocktail came with four shrimps that were basically the size of baby lobsters i felt. Very meaty and enjoyable. The aged rib eye was good but left me wanting for a bit more. When i bit into it i couldnt help but think this was a somewhat mediocre steak. The three sauces it came with were fun, but i was slightly disappointed in the steak itself. The truffle mashed potatoes were good but very whipped, borderline runny; maybe more than what I'm used to. But the truffle flavor was definitely there.  We sat smack in the front of the fountains in the inside of the restaurant. During winter months it can be a bit cold. All in all im glad i tried this place out. However , i think one time is enough for me.
1	went their sat nite with 11 people. Steak was tasteless. Food was just fare. overpriced. servive was good though but unfortunately you cannot eat service. Never go back. We stayed at ballagio though.
4	We'll they do it well here at prime, the restaurant is nice and if your lucky enough to get a view of the fountains even better.  Service was awesome, but i expect it to be at a place like this.  I started with the chilled seafood platter and it did not disappoint, my main was the dry bone-in ribeye  with mac and cheese side.  The steak was perfect, i found the mac and cheese a little bit on the bitter side, I'm used to a more sweet taste for my mac and cheese.  Overall, great place for a great dinner, expect great service and to be full by the end of your meal.
4	I'm a big fan of Jean-Georges restaurants, and Prime is no exception.The blue curtains and velvet chairs are stunningly elegant.  The food is wonderful.  The biggest drawback?  They don't have outdoor seating.  Prime does have the outdoor garden/patio area, which is about as close as you can get to the fountain show, but it's only for cocktails.  I think Steve Wynn's group learned from that oversight as he thought through Botero and the SW Steakhouse.  Once you experience the settings at those places, it's hard to overlook it at Prime.  You'll have up close views of the fountain show here, but the better views of it are across the street at the Eiffel Tower Restaurant.
1	I see lots of good reviews here....  but last Saturday Prime at the Bellagio was not on their "A game".   The steaks were not good.  They did mess up the order on one steak.  Two of the steaks were cooked to the wrong temperature - and missing flavor.   What was really weird, is that when things went bad our waiter went into hiding.  He let others on the staff apologize and try to fix the problems.   The mixed drinks and the wine was spot-on good.  However for a "upscale" steak house in Vegas....  they missed the boat...  sooooo disappointing.  They should be embarrassed to put those prices on the menu and let steaks like that walk out of the kitchen.
4	good food, good service. would go again
3	The highlight of my meal was the foie gras! It was absolutely perfect.  Unfortunately that's where the amazingness stops :/ had the braised ribs and scallops and they were, MEH. Forgettable,  not that great. I can't complain about the service,  staff was awesome!  But what took away from the experience was that tacky photographer pushing us to buy photos while my friend and I tried finishing our meals.  She stopped TWICE and kept interrupting our meal. Totally took away from the 5 star,  upscale experience. I kinda felt I was in a wedding and not at a wonderful restaurant prime is. Definitely not returning
4	The food was delicious. The ribeye, Sea Bass and scallops were the tables entrees and they were very tasty, but the risotto and the mac and cheese are incredibly good!! The service was excellent. The wine is very overpriced but it is a great selection. The experience was great, but when I asked to go to an almost empty patio to order dessert and coffee, the server brushed us off and said they don't do that anymore. So I need to get on my iPad and re-reserve just to do dessert at an empty patio? Should rethink that a little for slower nights and customers I think. Overall really good experience for us!
5	This place is really amazing. You are facing the fountains of the Bellagio and the food is delicious and really worsts the price. The service is great too.
5	I'd like recommend this place if you are looking for a fine restaurant with fabulous view. I'll give 5 stars for Short rib steak and truffle mashed potatoes.
4	Here on a birthday trip for my wife. We had the great opportunity to stay at the Bellagio (Her dream hotel). I decided to surprise her again with tickets to "O". Before we went to the show we ate here. High class, fancy shmancy. This place oozes with opulence and romance. I really enjoy going to a place like this a few times a year. The lighting is low the waiters are attentive and the food is excellent. We started off with the french onion soup, not the best I've ever had but very good. The waiter then informed me that they had A5 Japanese Wagyu beef for 50 dollars per ounce. You only live once people, might as well live as much as you can. I ordered 4 ounces. The $200 filet came out, and it was worth every penny. The BEST filet I have or ever will have eaten in my life. I've been to some of the best steakhouses and this without a doubt was worth the $200. For me it was a once in a lifetime, unless someone else is paying next time. Melted in my mouth and had flavor for DAYS! The sides were mac n cheese and scalloped potatoes. Bother were great, but all I could think about was that filet... damn that was good.
5	Primed with a gift card from my son and daughter-in-law to ease the financial outlay required to dine well here, Diane and I at last ventured forth to sample Prime.  And, besides finding it to be the most expensive restaurant we have each visited to date ($330.52 for 2 diners, including tax and tip, but without any alcoholic beverages), even taking into account many renowned restaurants we have frequented at some time or other across the globe, it was without doubt one of the best.  We did not scrimp on food, but did not order that extravagantly either.After being promptly seated at one of the few booths in the cavernous restaurant as requested in our reservation, with a distant but still good view of the Bellagio Fountains, and immediately receiving black cloth napkins substituted out for the white ones on the table to cover our black pants, we decided to begin with a Shrimp Cocktail app.  After being presented with big shrimps unconventionally lying side by side on a plate, we then enjoyed the great cold and meaty morsels, which I dunked in a fresh and quite tasty Wasabi Cocktail Sauce.Next for me was a large gargoyle-headed, and seemingly bottomless, white crock of hot and cheesy Prime Onion Soup.  With well-caramelized onions, a very generous supply of clotted Gruyere and Emmentaler Cheeses, and a few chives sprinkled on top, it was a memorable Onion Soup Gratinee that took me awhile to fully consume.  But of course I eventually did, to the last drop!For our entree we each ordered a medium-rare 10 oz. Filet Mignon.  The tall and long, lightly charred prime-grade steaks yielded buttery, melt in the mouth meat which was quite tasty in its own right, but even better after being joined with a trio of sauces: Soy-Rice Wine Sauce, Peppercorn Sauce, and classic Bearnaise Sauce.  I enjoyed alternating forkfuls of beef with a few drops of the three sauces, and never did determine a clear favorite between the Soy-Rice Wine Sauce and the Bearnaise.  Each was an excellent flavor amplifier of the perfectly cooked beef, as were the Shishito Peppers that accompanied my Filet.Along with our steaks we split a single wide Crab Leg from South Africa with Drawn Butter at $38.00 a pop.  I had decided in advance that if the one crab leg seemed insufficient, I would order another.  But there was no need.  In fact, because my stomach was quite full, I left 2 ounces of my steak on my plate, uneaten, which is uncharacteristic for me, and which I now regret!  I'm sure that our sides took a toll on our bodies as well, making us very content.  For what is a steak dinner without some fine sides?  And fine sides we had!  Gratin Dauphinois Potatoes were as cheesy and as great as they looked in photos on Yelp.  We reveled in oozing Comte Cheese.  And, Roasted Glazed Market Mushrooms were a quite interesting array of several types of mushrooms, including Enoki.  Each side was easily enough for two diners, and a few mushrooms were also left behind.Not to be overlooked were the fine slices of complimentary Sourdough Bread and great Raisin Bread with Walnuts served with an elongated slab of butter with some specks of Chive Salt on top.  Initially I thought I had encountered my first slice of salty Sourdough Bread--until I realized that the Chive Salt was causing the sensation of a burst of salt in my mouth.  But I grew to like this, and more Chive Salt Butter was ordered, quickly received, and slathered on more bread.To finish, Diane enjoyed Warm Valrhona Cake with a molten center and a scoop of Vanilla Bean Ice Cream, while I very much liked my scoop of Chocolate Sorbet specially adorned with a brittle Chocolate Bow.Service by three attendants was superb.  A request for decaffeinated Iced Tea was responded to with three successive pots of brewed hot decaffeinated Chamomile Tea and Relax Tea made specially for me, and poured over a large glass of ice.  Water glasses were continually filled without any need for a request, and we were regularly visited by a member of our formally clad waitstaff to see if we needed anything.  Our seating in a corner booth was very comfortable.  And the sumptuous decor surrounding us, combined with our window view of rising jets of water from the fountains just outside and the sound of jazzy music piped in overhead, afforded a classy, upscale ambiance that, along with the wonderful food, yielded a luxurious and quite memorable five-star dining experience.      I am going to start saving real soon for our next visit to Prime, and highly recommend this dining experience to all!
5	Great steaks, great views, great service!Mama Bear wanted a nice place to dine at for Christmas Eve in Vegas, I of course, did my due diligence to find her just that. But because it was a holiday, reservation by the patio/windows were all full. :( So reserve ahead of time during the holidays!FOOD:We ordered filet mignons, short ribs ($41.00), and their Chilean Sea Bass ($45.00) with a side order of Ginger Sweet Potatoes, Jumbo Asparagus, and Butternut Squash Soup. I would stick with the Filet Mignon ($67.00), definitely their specialty. It was soooo good. The meat just melted in my mouth, it also came with three different sauces to complement the meat, but I prefer mine plain. The cut was perfect, no tendon was to be found, and the quality was absolutely perfect! My grandmother also really liked their sea bass, said it was cooked perfectly and she absolutely loved her Butternut Squash Soup. Their Asparagus and Sweet Potato Mash are highly recommended, both very good quality and light side dishes to pair with the steaks. The short rib was okay, while the meat was very tender and juicy, the enormous amount of heavy sauce just ruined the dish for me. We also got a basket of bread as appetizers! The raisin bread was highlight of the basket. :)SERVICE:Our waiter was just terrific, he was very personable and knew how to talk and draw his customers in. He made a lot of great recommendations and was also making sure we got what we needed including all allergies and special diet restrictions. The food could take a while, but they provide bread as you wait.ATMOSPHERE:They do have a dress code that they enforce- business causal is more like business formal. All the men were in clean-cut suits and the women in nice dresses and heels. The lighting is dim and very classy, it's a quiet place that don't allow kids under 6 years old to dine in. Although from looking around, no kids seemed to be around the restaurant.Lastly, they have complimentary self-parking for Bellagio if you're dining in!
5	Our Vegas trip is not complete unless we go there. The great food, ambience and staff. Between my friends and i, we ordered close to everything on the menu and we never had a disappointing experience with the food or the portion sizes. Looking forward to our next visit.
5	What an amazing experience.  The service is top notch, the view is astounding overlooking the Bellagio Water Show, and the food is par excellence.  My family went for dinner on Christmas Eve and everything was just so well done it is difficult to express just how good it was.  Firstly the bread that comes is exquisite, there is a compilation of breads with a chive salt and butter and the rolls are hot and fresh and perfect.  The salads seemed steep for a side salad but in reality, they are nearly a full meal in themselves and really we did not need a salad and dinner but we did not realize it would be so big.  I had the mixed fall vegetable salad and it came with a whole wheel of goat chevre with delicate vegetables in a vinaigrette.  My father  had the Caesar Salad and Butternut squash soup which were dynamite.  My mother had a truffle salad and it was just a touch woodsy for my taste.  Where this place really shines though is the steak, oh the glorious steak.  I had the mammoth 18 oz bone in ribeye cooked medium rare.  For $66 it was an absolute bargain.  The meat was so flavorful and tender and perfectly cooked, no gristle and perfect melt in your mouth fat.  My father went one bigger and had the 28oz steak and even though he had it cooked to well done it was still tender and juicy.  My mother had the Short rib which was a bit over salty but still really good and sweet.  The side dishes were also very good, the Brussel sprouts are well worth getting and the gnocchi is so soft and pillowy they are truly heavenly. We also had the macaroni and cheese which was standard fare but good and the potatoes dauphanoise which were just a bit dry and over done.  In all though for the service and truly reasonable price for the amazing meal that you get this place is well worth a visit for some special occasion, indeed I wish that I was rich enough to eat here every night I don't think I could get tired of all of the truly exceptional food and atmosphere that this place provides.
5	Food is amazing ,ambiance is superb love love this restaurant i recommend to try out the seabass and the duck
5	We ate at prime almost a year ago, and I forgot to leave a review. Very large portions, very accommodating and awesome staff, and one of the best meals we've ever eaten in our lives. It was pricey, but definitely was a big part of our amazing Las Vegas experience.
