5	Meeting up with Kerry Simon for lunch at the newest Harrah's / Kerry Simon venture was a fun experience through culinary comfort food delights. The popcorn shrimp are not too spicy, perfectly breaded & the buffalo chicken rolls with sauce are a good way to start off any meal. The burgers are what the chef & restaurant is known for. Simon adds bits of bacon to the meat mix to ensure that the patties come out moist after cooking. I had the Thanksgiving Turkey Burger which had stuffing, cranberries & a properly cooked turkey patty. The trio of shakes are the best way to experience what you like & then order the larger one on a return visit.
2	I'm not sure why exactly we ended up at Harrahs, but we were starving and stumbled upon the newest additional to the hotel: KGB by Kerry Simon. So instantly I was impressed since the big name and the new establishment, we decided to give it a whirl. The setting is trying to give off a modern ice vibe, but mostly just left us cold in metal chairs and dim lighting . There is a really neat ice block that holds the vodka bottles, but that is about it when it comes to the decor of the place. The service was beyond sub-par, and yes I totally have sympathy for first time servers in a brand new restaurant, but there is only so much you can let slide when you and your friends are trying something new. The food was better than expected given everything leading up to the meal. The sweet potato tots were fun, but there wasn't really anything special on the menu that I couldn't pick up at trader Joe's. We tried the fried pickles, but the sauce was bland, so I added mustard to it to jazz it up a bit. I had the buffalo burger on a an onion roll and it was a big portion, which i really liked, but it wasn't really anything special. A few friends tried crazy stuff with fried eggs and different types of cheeses. But really, nothing that hasn't been done before. By the end of the meal it felt like the KGB was holding us as prisoners of war over the check, which took for ever for our waiter to figure out and get back to us. We almost dined and dashed. Now that I think back on it, I wish we did.
2	I wish I can give it 2.5 stars but the 2 would suffice.  First of all it took them  about 10 minutes to seat me and I was single.  Another single came after me and he was seated right away.  They eventually put me at the bar.  So I had a great view of the ice blocks.  That also meant the counter would be cold.I did the build your burger, tots and a flight of shakes.  Brioche roll, medium rare burger, pepper jack cheese, applewood bacon and a fried egg.  I also order a flight of 3 shakes, Captin crunch, double chocolate, and an espresso.When the order arrived it looked really good.  I couldn't wait to get in to the burger.  Two things were already wrong.  The burger was cooked medium well.  it was grey inside no pink at all.  The yolk in the egg was cooked solid.  It was dry some flavor nothing to brag about.I actually like fatburger better.
1	I wish I had checked with yelp earlier before I went.I arrived with two other people and we sat down for 10 minutes before we even received water.  Service was extremely slow and other individuals received their food before us.  We ordered shakes, finished those, and waited another 10-15 minutes before our food arrived.  The appetizer was less than what we had hoped for, for the price we paid.   The server did not give us an option as to how our burger could be cooked and arrived over done and two of the three orders were inaccurate.  The bill was over $75 and we will not be heading back.
3	We started with Waffle Fry Nachos these feature waffle fries doused in gooey white cheddar and sloppy joe, and then it's topped with salsa and jalapenos. It was delicious, however, next time I'd likely ask the kitchen to hold the sloppy joe. I wouldn't miss the meat.I had the Crispy Four Cheese Burger. The cheese is fried crisp onto the patty producing a cheesy concoction that is crisp and creamy. Aside from the brioche bun, I thought it was tasty and well seasoned. I found the bun to be too much bread for the burger making it too dry. The onion roll would've been a better choice. That's what my husband selected for his BYOB, beef patty with pepper jack cheese, jalapenos and caramelized onions all situated on the onion roll. It was well prepared, flavorful and juicy.Service was pretty slow, but the place had only been open a week on our visit. Most places need a little time to get the kinks worked out. I'd hope service improves with time.
3	I like the concept of this restaurant. The name is clever, the decor and employee outfits do well to match the theme, and I'd be lying if I said I didn't appreciate the female server eye candy. Contrary to some of the reviews I've read, we had good service. He was prompt, friendly, and accurate.As for the food, it was pretty good. I ordered the Cali Chicken. I thought the chicken wasn't quite perfectly cooked. It wasn't tough, but it could have been more tender. Overall, the sandwich was tasty. The fries were decent.Overall, I enjoyed the experience, but I have no urge to return. I know it's an unfair comparison, but I'd much rather just go to Fukuburger or Red Robin. Those places are cheaper, but you still get that "gourmet burger" experience.
1	KGB - Poor Service, High Prices, OK FoodMy July 2010 meal at Kerry's Gourmet Burgers (KGB) was a large disappointment because the service was poor, food was only OK, price was too high, and the KGB would not honor a valid 2-for-1 coupon.  Our waitress ignored us for ten minutes even though it was not busy.  Eventually, we flagged down another waiter who took our order after checking with our waitress to verify it was OK to takeover her table.  We ordered two bacon cheeseburgers, two sodas, and a large onion ring for over $30.  The food was better than McDonalds but not as good as quality burger chains, including Five-Guys and FatBurger.  According to the waiter, KGB management would not honor the KGB "buy two burgers for the price of one burger" coupon that Harrah's provided us just hours earlier during our check-in, because the KGB management wanted to limit the coupon to just specialty burgers though the coupon did not state any burger type restriction.
2	The good:+Adorable chef outfits+Double Chocolate Shake+Fun music videos playingThe bad:-The worst, oldest-tasing fries I can remember eating (Cold War theme?)-Flavorless burgers-High prices-My empty water glass was ignored and ignored and ignored (and since the water tasted better than the burgers, I wanted more).We had a double bacon cheeseburger (a big, flavorless monstrosity we didn't finish) and a Thanksgiving turkey burger (I really don't get how Thanksgiving fits in with the KGB theme.  This was my wandering thought as I tried to find flavor inside the burger.  Had the burger tasted good, I wouldn't have been distracted by such notions.).  Oh those fries were so bad, guys.  I found myself getting all pissed at Communism.  But everyone in the restaurant did get equally bad fries.  If Kerry was trying to get me to see red, he succeeded.  The Double Chocolate Shake did have it going on, though.
3	Went here after reading the Vegas magazine in my hotel room. Was listed in the dining section for the hotels on the strip. And knowing Kerry Simon from his battle on Iron Chef America, off we went to give it a try.First off, the decor was pretty cool with "1960's Russian propaganda posters and thematic fixtures". Very modern and hip feel. Our server was cool and fast. A few women servers were dressed in sexy military attire (wish one of them served us). haha.On to the food. There's a nice selection of house special burgers and a "build your own" section. I went and ordered a house item the Cobb Burger. Has bacon, blue cheese, avocado, tomato salsa, red pepper mayo and a sesame brioche bun.Once i got it....i was like...hmm. The burger was put together kinda sloppy and i wasn't diggin' the basket presentation. I cut the burger in half to see the layers of all the "goodness". Still wasn't looking "wow". My medium ordered cooked meat looked more like less than medium-rare. So after the visuals i decided to go ahead and take a bite...Oh... this is pretty good. I wish it was cooked to medium, but  i got the flavor of the bacon and blue cheese and the mayo. the areas where the meat was cooked to my liking was tasty and flavorful. I liked the chopped bacon which is a change from other burgers that have slices. The bun was good, but for some reason it was really filling, And the fries were just ok.Overall, it was good, It wasn't "wow" and a few disappointments. But I'd give this place a try again. Maybe pair a vodka with a burger. hmmm?I know people complain of prices, but heck. it's Vegas and it's a famous chef's restaurant. Live it up. ;)Thanks!
2	This was an overall disappointing experience.  Not only was the entire restaurant having some major identity issues, but the food was not as good as advertised (or priced.)  You'll end up paying around $15 for a burger that is definitely not high qual meat or flavor.I enjoyed the tasty waitresses, but the costumes were almost Walmart-y looking, adding to the tackiness of the decor. The overall feel of the restaurant ended up just being weird.I also decided to test out the Mac and Cheese bites along with the (hostess-claimed) world famous Cap'n Crunch milk shake.  The Mac and Cheese bites were basically just fried bricks of Mac and Cheese (which were honestly everything I expected) and the Cap'n Crunch shake just kind of tasted like they froze the leftover milk in a regular bowl of Cap'n Crunch.  Nothing really exciting about it. Overall, the music was waaaay too loud for an enjoyable burger experience and the food was not worth the wait.  I'll pass next time.  Sorry good-looking waitresses.  It's not your fault.
4	My trip to KGB is a little . . . fuzzy, but I was still full in the morning so I know the portions were copious.I have noted multiple service complaints in the prior reviews. As far as I know, I (we) traipsed in there (not elegantly) at around 3 a.m. after being frequently offered beer during a few hours of play at Casino Royale and had no issues, were sat immediately upon requesting a table.I was feeling saucy and so ordered a double cheeseburger of some kind with jalapenos and fries. Suz added an order of buffalo wings. The wings were wee little guys, but had a pleasing crispness; the sauce was pedestrian but I liked the tanginess of it. The burger was gargantuan. Well, it seemed so anyway because I did not finish it, but the fact I'd earlier eaten a bone-in ribeye at Mastro's may have had something to do with that.The cheese was melty and good; I vaguely recall the beef having good flavor and while it was a bit sloppy, it held together pretty well considering it's girth and height. For a person in my state at a time like that, this was a very good experience. The food was hot and fresh.I don't remember a whole lot about anything else in the restaurant, aside from the obvious Soviet theme.
4	My boyfriend said that this place could be the Russian version of Hooters. Why? He really enjoyed the waitresses with no pants and low cut, tight tops. The restaurant is very big so we didn't have to wait for a table which is pretty unusual for the strip on the weekend. The prices are really reasonable starting at about $9. As for the food...I was pretty impressed. I really like the rising phenomenon of build your own burger themed restaurants. It makes my picky eating so much less obvious. They offer a large selection of toppings including some odd ones like fried mac and cheese and short ribs. Perhaps a bit lacking in the variety of sauces but I was still able to make a yummy creation. No, I didn't get the fried mac and cheese on my burger. Maybe next time.
4	In one of the most unusual, and unexpected news stories of 2010, The FBI rounded up and arrested 10 Russian spies on American soil.  At the same time the arrests were taking place, KGB Burgers opened in Harrah's Hotel/Casino.  The story was unusual because the Russians are supposed to be our friends now, and can obtain sensitive information just by asking.  Adding to the mystery, the spies wern't even connected to top secret information.  They were gathering mundane information.Crap. I am full of mundane information.I stumble upon KGB Burgers, and am led in by a hostess wearing hip-high fishnet stockings.  She is boobs, legs, and a cute little hat.  There may have been more, but I didn't notice.  Be happy I saw the hat.She puts me in a super comfortable booth, tucked away from most of the restaurant.  I see more waitresses walking about in the same outfits, and I am truly in my happy place.Lulled into complancency, the interrorgation begins."Are you having  good day?""Where are you visiting from?"After giving up a couple of bits of mundane information I suddenly realize: I am a prisoner of the KGB.  And they are going to pump me for all the seemingly ordinary information they can get.  Their questioning continues:"Would you like anything to drink?"I am onto them, and I fall back on my CIA training I would of recieved if I ever was a member of the CIA.  I counter their questions with questions."Do you have Stoli Elit?" (My favorite vodka)My defence plan works as she ends the interrorgation "to go check".  Most waitresses would know this information.  KGB spies would not.My captor later returned and said they did not have my vodka of choice.  Apparently the KGB is on a budget.  They resume the interrorgation, but I am an unbreakable rock with my counter questions.Are you ready to order?How big are your Iron Chef sliders?She claims 2 oz.  They are listed as appetizers, so this seems believable.Will that be all?How big is the cheeseburger soup?She leaves, and clearly I am winning.  They try to lower my defenses with a martini, and then bring out a bowl of the cheeseburger soup.  Think cheese soup, with about 1/4 - 1/3 lb of ground beef, loaded with french-fry-like cubes of potatoes, a bunch of bacon, and a little cheesey crouton "bun".  It's like a cute little hat for the soup.  The soup is much larger than the waitress claimed.  Then again, she indicated the size with her hands, and I wasn't looking at her hands (I was looking at her hat, remember?)Then they brought me the sliders and the Macaroni and cheese sticks.  The sliders were 2 oz each, times 6 of them.  Thats 3/4 of a pound.  And they were awesome.  Tiny bits of bacon cooked right into the patty, served between the best burger buns I've ever had (they were glazed in butter).  The Mac and cheese sticks were no joke either, but it was enough food to feed me for 4 days.  It was so good, I could not stop untill I was painfully stuffed.  I had to place my arms on the back of the booth in an attempt to stretch my stomach capacity.My interrorgator returned, and I could no longer resist.Would you like dessert?no, thank-you.Would you like a box?sure.They cracked me.As I write this review, I sit in a pitch black room.  It is 5 am. 9 hours have elapsed since my ordeal, and I am still painfully stuffed.  It may be possible to die from eating too much meat.If so, look for my star on the wall at Langley.
4	The service here was great and we all really enjoyed the food. I made my own burger: fried egg, bacon, and popcorn shrimp on an onion roll w/ cheese. Where else can you do that and I must say the popcorn shrimp is great. Also tried the mac 'n cheese stick which are decent. Compared to other places in Vegas the price was reasonable and it's open real late which is when we went. The foot long hot dog is closer to two feet, it's quite massive. I have no problem recommending this place.
4	My first trip to Vegas and this was my first restaurant I sat to try. We stumbled upon here when we walked into Harrah's after a failed quest to make to In-N-Out (Long story). Lady Luck was with us because the place was great. After a short wait, we sat down. The restaurant had a lot of soviet, cold war pseudo pop art on the wall Seemed like something out of James Bond and very cool.  The waitresses were total eye candy in their soviet army style uniforms. My buddy and I gave each other high fives cause Vegas was definitely treating us well right from the beginning. The they have assorted beers, common ones, and signature drinks. Go for the signature drink because you get a lot for it. The burgers were great. They have signature burgers and make your own style. I opted for the California Burger with the Guacamole. I wanted to come here again because the food and service was so good but Vegas had so much to offer that unfortunately I couldn't make it.
2	you don't go to vegas for the food, so you might as well spend less on something else.  the food was as generic as possible, not like you wanted to spit it out, but you also couldn't in good conscience recommend this meal.  plus, it's a pet peeve of mine when letters are turned backward to seem russian just because the cyrillic alphabet has a few letters that look backward.  add onto it a russian themed restaurant where the waitress doesn't speak russian?  at least a 'privet' or 'kak dela' would be nice!  but in all seriousness, the food was boring.
2	I hate giving bad reviews, I really do.  I mean, I gave Del Taco and Vons supermarket 4 stars, so its not exactly like Im ballbuster.  KGB however, should be interrogated and beaten or at the very least sent back to Russia until it can figure out what decent food is. The premise is kind of cool.  Celebrity Chef Kerry Simon decided to do a gourmet burger joint and using an acronym with his name call it KGB (Kerry's Gourmet Burgers).  The waiters and waitresses all look like comrades and the joint is decorated if Andy Warhol produced communist propaganda.  But like communism, my enthusiasm waned after but a short time.  I should have known we were in trouble when the waitress taking our drink orders upon my friend asking for a vodka and soda asked if Pepsi was ok.  I mean I could understand such a ridiculous question elsewhere but this place bills itself as a VODKA bar and she asked if Pepsi was sufficient for a Vodka & soda.  Much like the Soviets invading Afghanistan, this was the beginning of the end.  The menu was interesting enough with a mix of burger specialties and the a build your own option.  The burgers they had were unique and so I opted for the Thanksgiving one.  This was a turkey patty with stuffing, cranberry sauce and gravy on a hamburger bun.  I thought like a Bobbie at Capriotti's.  My friends ordered the Buffalo Chicken Sandiwich and a Cobb Salad burger as well.  We also started off with this Buffalo Chicken roll appetizer which inspired one word out of me...nyet!Besides being greasy, which usually I dont mind, there were some vegetables frozen in the center.  Really Mr. Simon, frozen vegetables?  Then the burgers came out and my Thanksgiving option was a mess.  I understand that such a combination will not exactly be the easiest thing to eat but the bun was already soggy by the time it got out to me and eating it was as fun as spending a year in a gulag.  Fries do come with the burgers but the portion is relatively small and they're nothing to write home about.  The hamburgers tasted ok I suppose, but it was hard to tell what I was ingesting because it had become one giant mess after a few short minutes.  The burgers arent cheap here, 14 bucks give or take, and its on the strip but if the food is going to be so uninspired at least charge us in Rubles.  I now the restaurant is young and its still might be going through some growing pains but man, I havent been this disappointed since Police Academy 3.  Maybe there is a reason Simon's places keep closing down...all I know is that if KGB doesn't make some changes, there might be revolution.  There are so many other great burger places in Vegas, I have to say KGB isnt worth the time.  You know my motto...better dead than red!
5	I'm not even a burger fan, but these were fantastic! Caution...one burger serves two people! There were four of us, and none got more than 1/2 through our burgers, even with going easy on the fries, which were delicious. Service was great, as was beer selection. I will be eating here again!
4	I was expecting this place to be a typical burger joint like the place I went to the day before. As I walked in the restaurant, there was a lot of empty tables but as soon as we got in further, that's where we found the crowd. We were seated at a booth and meet my cousin, brother in law, sister and my niece (10 months old). We thought it would be funny have her stand next to a Grey goose bottle because they had a massive size bottle by our booths and the darn bottle was actually an inch taller than by niece. My family had already ordered and on the table they had onion rings, tater tots, deep fried shrimp and milk shakes. I'm not a huge milk shake fan but KGB's milk shakes were the bomb. The menu was quite impressive. There is a section where you can build your own burger so I decided to add an egg to my burger since it was still sort of breakfast at the time we went. The burgers were massive and extremely delicious, better than the burger joint at the Flamingo. We had a buy one burger get one free coupon so we ordered another burger just in case we got hungry again. Service was great and very attentive. Made sure our orders were taken since my boyfriend and I came in late. I would come back here again.
4	So this place gets four stars because the portions are pretty huge. We came here for lunch and used a buy 1 get 1 free deal. Little did we know that the burgers are double lunch portions. While I finished mine, I definitely felt that I had a bit much for lunch. Ideally, splitting one of these $12-15 burgers with someone is a decent and cheap lunch on the strip.The burgers themselves are pretty good. They probably process the meat in-house so you can order them rare if you like them that way. I feel like they need to cook them in slightly higher heat since my medium-rare burger didn't have a good sear on it. The fries are good, crunchy but soft on the inside, though a tad salty.Service was good. No complaints there. And the decor is pretty cool with plenty of tasteful, fake cold war/KGB propaganda styled art.
1	We had never had Mac and Cheese Sticks and were eager to try them, so we ordered them as an appetizer along with a beer for hubby and the Red Army cocktail for me. My cocktail was very sweet and I would not order it again. When we got the Mac and Cheese Sticks they were still VERY cold (I wonder if they freeze them and then drop them into the fryer....) We almost never send things back, but this was so bad we felt the kitchen needed to be aware, and when we told the server they were ice cold, I asked that she touch the center as proof. She said she believed us, because "this had happened before." She was quickly back with a second order and THEY were cold in the center! We sent them back and our server said we would not be charged for them (duh!) For our main course we had the BBQ Burger and Cheddar Burger, The meat was very high quality and we appreciated being able to order them medium and medium rare. The buns were good but guess what? The fries were not hot, probably because they sat on the pass while we tried to eat two separate orders of appetizers. Our server never came back to check on our order and we were sick of complaining, so we paid and left. This rating should be a negative star because food that this cold is a health hazard. Chef Kerry Simon needs to teach the chef about using thermometers before someone gets food poisoning. If I were Simon and I could not fix this cold mess I would get my name off of it. The next day we went to the Rain Forrest Cafe which is a tourist trap and for which I had zero expectations -  however, the burger and fries were better than KGB.
4	So this isn't exactly the Waffle House of the South, but it easily could become it to me (just located on the West Coast)! I can easily see myself coming into this place every night...especially considering you never know what celeb you will see in there at the same time...(Ashanti is always a plus)! This was probably the best burger I've ever had in my entire life! The women were fine and dressed to a T in their Janet Jackson Pleasure Principle attire, yet they weren't too sluty (always a plus)! The portions are large and you should def come hungry! Who would have ever thought an old casino like Harrahs could land a goldmine like this resturant!
4	They gave us our drinks in a giant mason jar. FAN. that means i didn't have to squeak my straw to get a refill :) also, the burgers were good. our buy one get one free coupon from the flamingo made this really affordable. The decor is interesting, the waitresses weren't that scantily clad but i was lunch time when we went. I would've liked to sit at the bar and watch the food being made, but didn't see it right off when we walked in. portions were great. wanted to try the capn cruch milkshake but couldn't even finish my italiano burger. Thumbs up for the gourmet burgers.
2	I went with my parents while they were in town and we had a bogo coupon from their facebook site.  We started with the mac and cheese sticks and the fried pickles.  Pickles were great!  They were quarter of a pickle, not the pickle chips I was expecting and you get a lot for your money.  The fried mac and cheese was eh.  Both come extremely hot so let them cool down.  The pickles took forever to cool so break them in half.The burgers were ok, not the best thing I have ever tasted.  If you dont order one of the "burgers in the black box" (chef designed) you have to pay per extra on your burger.  They charge for lettuce, tomato,  cheese, mayo, etc.  I thought that was not cool.  The sweet potato tots were a great side and I recommend them.For dessert we got their famous Cap'n' Crunch milk shake.   it was disgusting.  It tasted like Cap'n crunch that was sitting in milk for a hour.
4	I really liked this place.  Harrah's is a nice change of pace from the over the top casinos. I went to relax after working a trade show at the Venetian and watch MNF.  I had a couple of drinks and a great Cobb Burger, cooked perfectly. Nice young staff too.  Check it out for an up-scale burger...
4	After reading about the Captain Crunch Shake I had to stop by. The waitresses are dressed like sexy cold-war spies, and the decor is also very cool, all red and black with a communist propaganda style art. I love the military look to it all. Took a bit for us to get our food however Mr. Simon was actually at the restaurant for what looked like a photo shoot, and meeting with execs. We got our shakes first, and it was love at first taste. Took me back to being a kid, and it was a "why didn't I think of this" moment. I had a veggie burger with pesto that was also very good, and HUGE. This lunch was so huge I didn't even want dinner that nite. I'm not sure the restaurant is a great fit for the Harrah's Hotel. I think it would do better in a hotel that has a younger crowd such as Planet Hollywood, or Luxor.
3	Comrades, now you can enjoy a delicious burger with your choice of beverage, whether it is milkshake, soda, or vodka.  For a burger place marketed so heavily on a Russian theme, I was disappointed in the lack of Glasnost and correlation in not having any actual food there that had any Russian influence or ingredients.  It's kind of amusing that the very nature of having a burger bar in a hotel casino in Vegas from a celebrity chef is in itself, bourgeoisie though, so I'm sure they weren't really striving for authenticity here.  Anyways, you definitely get to Perestroika your burger in general,  with multiple options of topping and type of burger meat, if the pre-set burger options don't appeal to your proletariat tastes.  The burger I had was the Thanksgiving burger, it came out juicy, very flavorful, and was a very large portion.  The Captain Crunch shake I had was also delicious (yes, there are actual blended bits of Captain Crunch inside!).  Prices are typical for the inside of a hotel casino on the Strip- overpriced.  They will also charge you for a take out box, which loses some points in my opinion.  So, despite the lack of influence from Mother Russia other than the skimpy Russian guard uniforms and slightly Communist-era propaganda art/spy themed art on the walls, KGB is a good place to get a burger and shake...... if you're willing to part with your hard earned Rubles, that is...
4	As a fan of Kerry Simon's 'Simon" at the Palms Place in Las Vegas, I absolutely had to go try KGB.Three words: Sundried Tomato MayonaiseOh my god is that stuff good...As was my burger. I did the "build your own" with a lettuce wrapped crust (versus bread) and added lots of veggies and cheddar cheese.The service was great, the decor was cool, and the only reason why I can't give this place 5 stars is because I was too full to try their milkshakes. Be prepared to spend around 15 bucks, however it is a pretty large meal (see above)...KGB, I will be back.
4	Pretty freakin' awesome charcoaled burger. Great flavor, cooked well, and it's huge! Oh, and the cap'n crunch shake is just stupid good!
3	Very late in coming.  Hit KGB with the gf back in July.  Never been much of a fan of Kerry Simon - eaten at his places at hard rock, palms, so cal and now harrah's.  I think this is his best effort probably because it's the most simplistic of his " empire " We went with a burger ( added mushrooms and blue cheese ) tater tots, the captain crunch shake and we had the "caramel " popcorn.Asked that the burger be cooked medium and dang, it was medium.  The shrooms were tasty with the cheese.  My only complaint - ask for mayo and what do they give me - heinz "to go " mayo squeezy thingys - Are you kidding me ?!?!  The tots were somewhat boring .   The shake pretty damn tasty but it tastes just like the one Carl's Jr.  was peddling a year or so ago.the popcorn - the little candy goodies were very tasty but the popcorn STALE.Will i try KGB again - if i'm staying in the area, for sure , especially if i have a comp.  Sorry, don't remember the prices but like most places on the Strip - it ain't cheap ! pics added
3	The burgers here are ok. I certainly prefer some other places in Vegas compared to here, but nonetheless a very nice experience at KGB. The sweet potato tots were something interestingly new and delicious for me and the burger I ate (which was the short rib sloppy joe) was seasoned well and tasted yummy.Probably would've tried the shakes that sounded very delicious, but as it was, the money for the food I was eating was pretty up there and didn't want to spend too much. On the upside, the portions are pretty big.
4	This was a really great veggie burger. I did the build your own with the veggie patty, dill pickles, sweet onion, wild mushrooms and avocado on a whole wheat bun. The burger itself is made from mushrooms (had I known this I wouldn't have ordered the wild mushrooms as one of my extras), firm and nicely charred. It held up to the bun and condiments it was served with and didn't get squishy and fall apart like the veggie burger at LBS.  My one complaint is that they were out of the beer I ordered and also out of the sweet potato tater tots. Would have loved to try those! I also give them points for a cool atmosphere and some great comic book style paintings on the walls.
4	Besides the fact that you have to pay a little extra for some famous guys name slapped all over the place, and the fact that there is a marginal attempt at a theme the end result is a damn fine burger joint.  If you also add into the equation the fact that you are on the Strip so you already know you are going to pay too much for your food this place is actually quite a thrifty option.  The ambiance is what you would expect to happen if some commie embraced the TNA side of sin city.  It is that bizarre.  While waiting for my grub (which wasn't long at all) I tried to understand the outfits they were making the servers wear and came to the conclusion that the color red is a great color for sexy outfits, and also for socialist outfits, but it does nothing for outfits trying to be both sexy and socialist.  Anyway, just a passing thought.The burgers are creative, tasty, and pretty sizable with everything seemingly made with high quality ingredients.  I really enjoyed the fries, but didn't try one of the exotic milkshakes.  There is an option to build your own burger, but I opted for a predesigned one with all sorts of fun toppings.  The structural integrity of the burger was suspect from the get go, and by the time I was a quarter deep the whole bun had dissolved and I was left to fork and knife it.Good stuff through and through and I will be returning next time I am on the strip craving a burger.
2	Loud, I mean really LOUD!Burger was ok.Fries were over salted, Sweet Tater Tots Rock!Also, I find food served in baskets awkward.
3	a burger and vodka bar, eh? well I will say I wish they had a happy hour. Being located in Harrah's is not a top notch hotel/casino (no offense Harrah's) and if it wasn't just for stumbling upon this place I never would have heard of it. The prices were "stripped priced" and the food and drinks were, well to be nice I will say just "eh." For being a vodka bar you would think they have vodka specials. That is not the case. I ordered a russian apple (10 dollars) and asked the waitress to make it not so sweet. I don't think she understood me because it tasted like a virgin russian apple. so sweet it gave me a headache. I drank half way before I had to order a shot of vodka (6 dollars) to pour in there. It didn't help much. My boyfriend did a custom made burger and we shared some sweet potato tots. Now I don't want to say i have had better sweet potato tots because those were the first time I have had them, but I have had better sweet potato fries. The burger was alright.I did enjoy sitting at the ice bar and watching the food being prepared. The busboys were nice and checked on us more than our own waitress. It was just  my boyfriend and I sharing a meal with drinks and our bill came to $43 dollars. (not including tip.)I don't know if I would make the drive here but maybe it is worth trying something else to change my mind. They had quite a few different burger options (along with turkey and veggie burgers) and some waffle fry nachos that sound awesome. I'd skip the drinks and tell them to get a vodka happy hour menu.
4	What a creative concept/great atmosphere!  Russian: KGB.  Let me recommend the sliders and the malts.  "Life's sinful pleasures"  Time to hit the gym!
4	Went here past 1am. The oyster bar which I've gone to multiple times was closed and the steak and eggs special Harrah's used to offer was gone. The burgers here were awesome though. Well, I take that back. The Philly Cheesesteak I had was pretty awesome, and well let's face it, food when you're buzzed is always going to be delicious. The tater tots were also pretty awesome and the waitresses were all quite attractive. Food is reasonably priced. Not bad, Harrahs.
4	If you're in the mood for burgers, make sure you stop in here for the whole Vegas experience. It's a fun and lively place. The restaurant plays very loud hip hop music and the waitresses are dressed in scantily clad KGB uniforms.  The burgers are delish but a bit pricey for the quality. You can add various toppings to your burger for an extra charge. I chose mushrooms, gorgonzola cheese, pesto, caramelized onions on an onion bun. My burger was solid and the toppings complimented my burger wonderfully. We also ordered the onion rings, fries and sweet potato tots. I thought the sweet potato tots were unique. It's crunchy, crispy and tasty! I actually think the quality of Burger Bar in Mandalay Bay and Le Burger Brasserie in Paris is a bit better than KGB, but it is still very good and worth a try!
1	So I understand that chef's and restaurants may have their off days... but receiving 2 uncooked burger's is just too much for me.  The waiter seemed like he wanted to help but really?  Finally I just decided not to eat it and they took the raw ground beef off the table.I did eat the fries and mac and cheese sticks and they were good.Other thing that left a bad taste in my mouth... the build your own burger section.  Usually they say... add 1 of this, 2 of that, $0.50 extra for this... well on this menu they say "1 each" which translates to $1 if you chose one of those sides.  So it's not really a build your own burger... everything is a la carte.  Not exactly what you'd expect from a burger joint.It may have been an off day for them, but I can't chance coming here and eating raw food...
5	Great burgers. I have gone there twice in a week. The wait staff are beautiful and friendly.
3	Why do celebrity chefs have to keep making all these crappy burger joints?Sorry Kerry Simon, but there's nothing special about your burgers and definitely not your rinky dinky bland buffalo wings.But there's something VERY SPECIAL about your Captain Crunch shake, which was worth every penny of that delicious concoction.The fries were also very good.The girls here are lovely, there's a lot of upscale T&A to see.. and not the Flamingo cocktail waitress kind of T&A.
1	- Came here on a coupon and when we arrived we were told "sorry, there was a imprint. The coupon is not actually valid today"- build your own burger feature on menu is confusing. Each type of item to be added has a number next to it which at other byob places means you can chose that number of topping at no additional charge but here, come to find out, is the additional cost. It is way more to byob than to order a standard item.+ food was actually pretty good-/+ server was profusely apologetic for the annoyances
3	Yeah this place get an 'meh' Originally planned on going to Toby Keiths I Love This Bar and Grill for their military appreciation free dinner of burger n fries cept the place was PACKED and the wait was over an hour. Not bad for an average of 3 stars on yelp. Anyway, saw an ad for KGB and it looked interesting. Hell part of me wished they had Lenin-aid on the menu. Got there and was given an option of waiting 20 minutes for a table or go instantly to the bar nearest to the kitchen. Choose the bar. The bar had bottles of vodka frozen in a giant block of ice...COOL! Couldnt pry the bottle out of the ice to keep my blue moon cold BOO!!The decor is quite nice. Soviet style WW2 pin up girls on the walls. The waitresses had sexy uniforms that resemble soviet era military uniforms and a lot of them are REALLY attractive. The food however...I agree with Paolo D's review. It's good but over price. Now if you're a tourist this may not be so bad for you as it's something different from the normal everyday selection of fast food burgers.As a local....yeah this is where it gets rough. There are just so many other places where you can get better burgers at cheaper prices. Smash Burger for one. FuKu Burger truck if you know where to look. Yeah I totally wouldnt come back. There's just better places out there.
4	We were in Harrah's so we decided to eat here because of the chef's name. I heard he beat an iron chef! Well we were definitely not disappointed. The burgers are all around 10$ but if u build your own it's kinda pricey. We didn't try the iron chef sliders but we instead tried the grilled shishito peppers. They were Delicious! Very addicting! They're not too spicy at all. We were a little worried but they were very mild and oh so tasty. We had the cobb burger salad which was very good and quite big. A personalized turkey burger which was "the best turkey burger ever" and the veggie burger. It's made in house and it a thick patty with good flavor. We ordered a bacon burger to go and I was told it was good but a little dry. You can order the patties cooked to preference so..Anyway the waitresses are pretty scantily clad. You definitely get the "Vegas experience on that front. I've never seen so many consistently pretty females in one restaurant. You  know there's usually only one or two. Anyway they have an Ice bar and lot's of tasty cocktails to try. If you sit in the right area you can also watch them prepare your food.
3	I'm giving 3 stars because my daughter really liked the veggie burger.  Otherwise I was totally disappointed!  We just wanted a late snack to munch on in our room after seeing Phantom and other restaurants were already closed.  We placed our to go order and about thirty minutes later I finally went to find out where our order was.  The hostesses/servers were at desk visiting and when I asked about the order, she seemed to have totally forgotten us (easy to do since when you order to go, you can't wait in the restaurant but have to sit out in a lobby area which is out of view of workers).  Like I mentioned, the veggie burger was a hit but the fried pickles were big thick spears with a thick batter.  Had the spears been thinner and not so overwhelming, i probably would have really liked thembecause they had good flavor.
3	We went here last weekend  before attending Defending the Caveman.We ordered the trio of milkshakes, mac and cheese sticks, and the 6 pack of iron chef sliders.We received the trio of milkshakes WAAAY before we got anything else. We ordered the Cap'n Crunch, vanilla bean malt, and espresso shakes. Two of them were dark so we weren't sure if we got the right ones. Our server was no where to be found. Finally we tracked her down and she confirmed we'd been given the chocolate malt instead of the Cap'n Crunch. She left with the chocolate malt and said she'd get us the Cap'n Crunch. A bit later she returned with the Cap'n Crunch and gave us back the chocolate malt, so we actually got to try four shakes. They were all very good. My favorite was the Cap'n Crunch. My wife liked the espresso shake best.The bad thing was it took about another 20 minutes before we got our food. The good thing was the food was really good once we got it.The mac and cheese sticks were really good and were served with a delicious white cheddar dipping sauce.The sliders were really tasty. The meat was well-seasoned and perfectly cooked.I'd give the food 4 stars. Overall -1 due to the slow service.
3	This place was pretty tasty. Service was only so, so and they have some age- inappropriate waitresses that are wearing their skimpy outfits and fishnets...but beyond that I thought that their burgers, well, rocked. I had the cobb burger (think cobb salad on a burger on a bun) and it was cooked PERFECTLY. I asked for rare and, by Zeus, it was actually rare. Great flavor to the meat and an even better flavor with the avocado, bacon and blue cheese toppers. I was a little annoyed that I had to pay $1.50 up charge to switch from fries to a salad and the salad was tiny. Like grade-school fruit cup sized. HUH?! Lettuce is pretty cheap last time I checked. If you are gonna charge me more at least make it worth my while. My BF had their BBQ burger that was piled with these tiny crispy fried onions, bacon, smoked gouda and BBQ sauce. Again his was tasty and cooked to perfection. The flavors melded so well and it was quite huge. He said the fries kicked butt too. I'll have to take his word for it. :) Perfect hang over food for the day after a tough night in Vegas.
4	Kinda took me by surprise for being on the strip! Yeah, its overpriced, but lets go back to the above statement... You're on the strip! I came here shortly after waking up the day after new years, so I didn't actually get myself a burger, I just tried a couple bites.  Had I ordered a burger the way I usually do it up, I may have gotten stuck giving them five stars (mind you the 5 stars would take into count that they are on the strip). Anyway, it was a pretty solid burger! The beef was tasty, juicy, and cooked just right. The bread was fresh, the bacon had great flavor and just the right amount of crisp, the lettuce and tomato were fresh! Next time, I'll have to give them a fair shot and order up "My burger"! We also had a side of mac n cheese sticks that were decent on their own, but once dipped in the accompanied cheese sauce, were quite delicious! Oh, the servers are all dressed like they are in a Russian spy movie... Ya know, KGB and all!
4	I try to find something new and different when I go on a trip.In this case I was looking for an upscale burger joint. I think I found it.We enjoyed an appetizer, a salad and a chicken burger, all of which we found delicious.The appetizer was the Waffle Fry Nachos. They were described on the menu as "cheddar cheese sauce, sloppy joe, jalapenos"  for 6 bucks.When the nachos showed up, they could have been a meal in themselves. A heaping plate of waffle fries with a mound of "sloppy joe" (which seemed a lot like pulled pork to me) covered in cheese sauce. Next time I think I'll stop the the nachos. $6 was a good deal.My wife ordered the Burger Cobb salad. After the waffle fry nachos, she really didn't have much appetite left but she soldiered on. She asked for and got the dressing on the side. It looked delicious and she agreed. But then, how can you screw up a salad? At $9 it was a good value.I ordered the Buffalo Chicken breast sandwich.  The bun was HUGE. And the check breast covered the entire bun! I'm impressed. The tomato slice, shaved onion (sliced thin enough to be almost transparent, about 1/16" thick), bleu cheese dressing, lettuce and pickles. The pickles looked to be scratch made (fresh cuke sliced and marinaded in vinegar) a real plus in my book. The sandwich was fantastic. I would have skipped the bleu cheese dressing and gone with just bleu cheese crumbles because the sandwich got really soggy by the end, a minor annoyance. Served with fries for $12 it seems like a reasonable price for the strip.Only criticism, no beer on tap. Granted they have a humongous selection of bottled beer, but nothing on tap. Overall, I would recommend KGB to my friends visiting Las Vegas.Oh, and they have a vodka bar.
3	I waiver on the star rating for this review. My husband says 2 stars (though, I think he is letting very first KGB experience taint this last experience) and I say 4 stars. So I am going with 3 stars.For an appetizer, I had the buffalo chicken spring rolls. They were very good. Great crispiness, mellow spice, and an excellent dipping sauce. I would definitely order them again. I also tried the mac 'n' cheese sticks, which were ok, but nothing particularly interesting. The waffle fry nachos looked really good (and such a huge portion).For the burger, I opted for the short rib sloppy joe. I really enjoyed it. Most every sloppy joe I've had in a restaurant as been a pretty significant fail. This one, though, was quite delicious. Very tender and nice flavors. The fries that came with it were just ok.I would definitely give this place another try, especially since I haven't had a traditional burger here yet. And I am big fan of the concept and Simon in general.
2	We had a buy one get one free burger coupon so we decided to try it out for lunch. I was curious about the KGB  theme. However, I ended up being pretty disappointed. There were a few vodka cocktails (but aren't there everywhere?) and there were pictures on the walls of Russian looking stuff .The servers and cooks were wearing uniforms that I'm assuming were supposed to be from the Soviet era but that's where the theme stopped. The burgers could have been from anywhere. Western, BBQ, club, all the standards were there. I'm not quite sure how Russian food could really be incorporated into typical burger fare but a little creative word play on the menu at the very least would have been appreciated. Maybe it was the time of the day we were there (lunch, Sunday afternoon) but there was no life to the place at all. It really felt dead, almost as if it was a fake restaurant created for a movie. Anyone know what I mean at all?Husband and I both ordered burgers from the pre-set menu (booo for the coupon not allowing us to order from the make your own burger options) and the burgers ended up being average at best. Burgers were pretty big and meaty but as far as flavors, nothing special at all. The fries were pretty bland as well. I really expected a special "je ne sais quoi" since this supposed to be a gourmet, fancy chef burger place but I found that to be completely non existent. It was a generic burger, nothing gourmet or different about it. In fact, I actually prefer the taste of burgers from Fat Burger or Fuddruckers and they're just straight forward, all American burgers. This place is pretty much all gimmick.
4	Very good burger, cooked to the way you like, good fries, also ordered buffalo wraps, also very good.
4	We started the Yelp CMYE at super delicious KGB. OMG. When we were seated, there was some kind of deliciously tart, sweet, strong Cranberry-Pomegranate-Caipirinha on the table. Unfortunately, the smokey casino left me parched with thirst and I slurped down waaaay too much of that stuff prior to getting anything to eat. Whoa - baby. Chef Eli came out to greet us. A nice fellow who told us a little bit about the place, the food, the philosophy, etc. Thanks for the prezo Chef! Onto the food!I started with the Mac and cheese sticks.  Oh Lord. It was the creamiest, cheesiest macaroni and cheese, chilled (I'm guessing), and sliced into logs. Then coated in some type of breadcrumb, and deep fried to perfection. These mac and cheese sticks were served with (what else?) cheese dipping sauce. I must have gone to heaven. OMG. So delicious. This is enough for an entree for me. Especially after I swapped tastes of other peoples appetizers (the buffalo chicken egg rolls, the sliders, the waffle fry nachos, and something else I forgot), I was basically full.But I had to order a burger. In fact, I had to go totally overboard (thanks a LOT Cranberry-Pomegranate-Caipirinha!) and order the Short-rib sloppy-joe burger. Imagine the chef, slaving away all day over some short ribs cooking in the oven. Basting them. Checking on them. Tending to them with the utmost care. Then, when they're ready, he CHOPS THEM UP INTO BITS! YEAH, CHEF! Do that thing with the meat cleaver! yeah! Oh excuse me. That was one of the Cranberry-Pomegranate-Caipirinhas talking again. But that is essentially what the short-rib sloppy-joe burger was all about. It came on a poppy seed bun topped with some kind of crispy little dill pickle rounds. Oh Lord.Um. The fries. Yeah. Take two great big potatoes from the green market. Huge ones. Peel them. Then put them through one of those french fry machines so they come out all uniformly fry shaped. Dunk those potato pieces in hot boiling oil until they are golden brown. Shake off the excess oil (we DO want to exercise a LITTLE restraint here, ha ha!). Generously salt them down. And throw them in a basket beside your short-rib sloppy-joe burger. That is your serving of fries. Huge! Gigantic! Enormous! Wow!I had a lot of food to eat. But I couldn't concentrate on eating because (what?) of (did somebody pour something into my glass?) the (...make that slurping sound...) Cranberry-Pomegranate-Caipirinhas. Mmmm! So good.But wait. What is this? Like 2 dozen tiny little cupcakes being delivered to our table? What the....?! Oh Lord. You know I had to eat the one with the KGB emblem sticking out of the top. So fun! The emblem was edible, too! So yum!The waitresses here wear the "sexy KGB" uniform. The lack of length of the skirt did nothing for MY appetite. And she actually seemed quite happy in it. However, she soured a tad bit when we asked to divvy up the bill. She did it and we were happy! Especially with the reasonable prices. (When will they ever realize they get more tip money that way?)When I return to Vegas, I'm heading to the KGB. I'm a fan!
4	Pretty darn good. We came here for lunch and I was in the mood for a chicken sandwich. The waitress was friendly an accommodating. I made quite a few substitutions and they had no problem adhering to all my requests.My chicken sandwich was stuffed full of lots and lots of chicken. More than I've ever had before in a sandwich. Very good and topped with bleu cheese crumbles, salsa and bacon. I wish I had tried the tater tots instead of the fries, but I'll try that on my next trip. Can't wait to try some of their milkshakes as well. Kudos for them serving fries with their burgers as well. Most "fancy" burger joints don't seem to do that, and it was a welcome surprise!I didn't encounter any of the slowness that other Yelpers have complained about, but that might be because we were there on a weekday for lunch.I'll be back.
3	I was drunk and in the Plus from gambling...i had a great burger late night and mixed drink they called a "root beer float". it was fucking delishhh.i got the meal for free but i tipped its price it was that damn good. ill definitely come back.the service wasgreat too
5	We had a b1g1 coupon from our hotel, which is the only reason we could afford the $14/burger price tag.BEST BURGERS EVER.But, I hate the Commie decor.We got the double bacon burger or whatever and one is definitely enough for 2 people. We each had one and ate half at the restaurant and half for dinner that night.The fries are terriffic!Will definitely go again
4	- Your mission, if you choose to accept agent, is to infiltrate the KGB without being tempted to try any of their mouth watering burgers, their deliciously cool milk shakes, or their fantastic appetizers; and to escape unful - I only speak from experience here people, the burgers (even the veggie burger) are HUGE! Burgers cooked to juicy perfection with the right amount of toppings, not too cluttered, with the option to create your own. Their sides (particularly the sweet potato tots and the fried mac and cheese) were also a daringly delightful side dish to my burger. They also had a fantastic (probably one of my top 5) strawberry milkshakes. The decor is cool and new, and don't be too quick to judge because it's bigger than it looks from the outside. With a vodka bar and a side "Chef's Table" where he can entertain the VIPs, KGB is anything but FUBAR, so KIT with the KGB after you fly into LAS, cause it's the BOMB... wait that last one doesn't fit.... well.... IT IS! Enjoy!
5	The Classic Cheeseburger is delicious and highly recommended when coming to KGB.  The fries are number one and the take out service is extremely fast.  Oh, be sure to order a malt when you are there.  They are to die for.Overall, great place and great food.
4	Glasnost never tasted so good comrade!All I can say is Kerry F'in Simon has torn down that burger wall! I had heard that Kerry opened KGB Burger at Harrahs and had to check this place out. As there are so many good burger places in NYC I needed to compare. It did not disappoint. Walking in you notice the Cold War era decor and industrial look with fun paintings and caricatures on the walls. Upfront area has some high tables and stools, and main floor has many tables and booths. I was drawn immediately to the bar overlooking the cooking station as it is lined with a long block of ice that has holes cut in it to house the fine assortment of vodkas on hand. Very cool and I had to sit there.  They have about a half dozen signature vodka cocktails and I went with one called The Contract. It is made with Chambord Black Rasberry liquor, Absolut Citron vodka, pineapple juice, cherry and pineapple wedge. Nice strong drink as they don't go light with the vodka here!Now came the burger. Oh my! Meat, meat, meat! Yay - I was so happy as I bit into this taste of heaven. I ordered the BBQ Bacon burger. Homemade BBQ sauce, Applewood bacon, Smoked Gouda, Crispy Frizzled Onions, all on an Onion Brioche roll. This burger was cooked perfectly. Thick slab of meat, juicy, tasty, and with just the right amount of pink in the middle. French fries on the side were crisp with a nice seasoning on them. I savored this meal and actually ate it very slowly rather then wolfing it down like I normally do!There are so many burger combinations that look good on his menu. People also told me the Captain Crunch shake here is terrific. I might have to drop in again just to get that! Kerry Simon has done good here with KGB Burger (Kerry's Gourmet Burgers) and I will be sure to return again next time in Vegas. Good thing I have been working out while on my trip here! This has been calorie overload.
4	Good food! Good service! Great simple late night menu for drunks. Even more enjoyable if you have an attractive waitress since their outfits are fun to look at.
5	The burger I had is easily one of the top 3 burgers I've ever eaten at a restaurant. Of course, I used the build-your-own portion of the menu, so I got exactly what I wanted. I ordered a beef burger, with the jalapeno-cheese bun, aged cheddar, and pesto mayo; cooked medium. It was cooked perfectly and the flavors were bold. I have not been to Burger Bar, but one person I was with said KGB was better, and another said it was at least comparable.I liked it so much in fact that I went back the next night for the same burger. The fries are also good, better than average. The Sweet Potato Tots was a pleasant surprise, I'd never seen that on a menu before. Considering the good-sized portions, the prices are reasonable.There are other very unique menu items that I wish I could have tried, but I was only in Vegas for a short time. The service was very nice and attentive.The bar consists of vodkas and mixers.
5	We landed late and headed straight from the hotel to KGB.  I had wanted to try this place for awhile but the last time out they were closed for a week.  So we got over to Harrahs about midnight and went to finally get this burger that I feared I was overhyping in my head.  Hostess was friendly, sat us and the decor was pretty cool.  The outfits are very enjoyable for us guys.  No complaints there.  The late night menu does not have everything I had seen on the normal menu.  However they do have a late night deal with a cheeseburger, fries, and soda for 9.99.  My wife got that, I opted for the double cheeseburger with bacon, carmelized onions, and russian dressing which I got on the side.  They asked if you want it medium or well.  I chose medium.  It came quickly and it was unbelievable.  Im happy to see their medium is medium rare like I love.  This burger tasted so good that I feel like Marshall on How I Met Your Mother where he dreams of that one burger place that he went to and he can't remember where it was, but he knows how amazing it was.  That's how I feel about this burger.  I miss it so much, and I've been thinking about it for days since I got back and I wish it was here with me right now.  Luckily unlike Marshall I know where to go to get that burger.  The burger was so juicy, it was covered in bacon.  I've never seen so much bacon on a burger.  And the fries were fresh cut and outstanding.  Im not even a big fry fan but these were tasty.  I highly endorse this place.  Stop by KGB have a burger, enjoy the waitress getups, and put it on your itinerary for your next trip.
4	I was craving a burger as usual and this place looked really interesting. They have all this soviet/communist Russia type set up on the walls. The hot servers wore revealing short shorts with fishnet leggings and a small jacket with major cleavage. Thumbs up for me!!!!I ended up getting a lamb burger which was really good and cooked well. What made the burger better was the tztziki (sp?)sauce. Also on the table was some random hot sauce that I put on it. My friends got the same burger and another got a thanksgiving feast type burger. Good times had by all.
3	Got to Vegas around 3 am and we were hungry.  Didn't want to wait in line at Mcdonald since it was way over crowded.  Came here to give it a shot.  When we got there, it was pretty quiet, then minutes later crowds of people started to pour in.  Service was not the best at this hour guessing they need more help.  The late night menu didn't have everything so, we weren't able to try many things.  We got the sweet potato tots, onion rings, and fries for appetizer.  Breakfast burger and a philly cheese steak.  Best item was the onion rings, the burger was good but was lacking flavor.  Wish the sauce had more flavor and the patty would be less dry.
4	If you're going to Vegas and like burgers, this is a must-try.Spent three days in Vegas recently, and this was the unexpected best meal of the trip.  Big, fresh hamburgers done a little differently - we had a Cobb burger, a lamb burger, and a BBQ bacon burger that had gouda cheese on it.  Finish it off with fries, onion rings, sweet potato tater tots and a mac-and-cheese stick appetizer, and I can safely say we left fat and happy.
4	So apparently the Harrah's family of casinos in vegas have closed the usual 24 hr cafes and in Harrah's they put in Celebrity Chef Kerry Simon burger place as the late night food location. (some of the other ones are not so lucky...)Wow is all I can say.  Burgers were great.I got the regular American burger and my friend got the salmon burger.  Both of us could not stop talking about the burgers and how good they were.  The ground beef in mine burger was juicy and tender and that says a lot considering how I like mine close to well done.  You can see that they take the time to freshly ground the meat.  My friend's salmon filet in her burger was so big, she almost had to fork and knife it.the fries could have been better, but we didn't complain much.it's about 12-14 bucks easy with no drink, so I was missing the $2.99 2 egg breakfast type specials at those 24 hour cafes, but this was worth the money.
1	My girlfriends and I had just gotten to our hotel and were hungry so we decided to try KGB.  It was about 11:30pm and we were sat pretty quickly.  The waitress came and took our order and brought back our drinks.  After that she disappeared and we did not see her or our food for over an hour.  They might have been short staffed but who knows because nobody came and said anything to us.  I wanted to just walk out but my friends wanted to stay because we were all starving.  When we finally did get our food it was actually really good.  I ordered the tuna spring rolls and they were awesome but after waiting over an hour I was more annoyed than anything.  The food was good but I would never, ever go back because the service and the wait time were so bad.  We ended up not leaving a tip which is something that none of us ever do.
3	The Service.  We were seated at a high table for 2 right near the front.  After about 10 minutes (we'd placed our order) the smell of cigarette smoke wafting in from the casino floor was just too much.  After asking to move, we were told no - that the host was "seating as people arrived".  For the record, the restaurant was mostly empty.  What the?!  About 10 minutes after that, another person come to join us to eat, and we were moved to a table a bit further into the restaurant (thank goodness!).  The waitress did her job well.  The Food.  Substantial... fried mac&cheese is always a hit; the waffle fry nachos were tasty; and the Cobb burger was something I enjoyed and my boyfriend did not.  Regardless, I thought it a bit overpriced considering what we ate, but the portions were large and it was an easy meal in Harrahs.
5	Great chicken sandwich!  I  had the Cali Chicken minus the pea sprouts and I added Smoked Gouda... YUM!!  Prices were great for the amount of food that you get.  Highly recommended! :)
1	I ate there Saturday night. I will admit it taste good going down. Unfortunately the next morning while I was having cold sweats and violently vomiting it didn't taste as good, but it taste familar. I never vomit, but was brought to my knees, first with violent diarrhea and then an incredible urge to purge myself. I vomited on my flight home the next day my god the embarrassment. Avoid at all costs.
5	Awesomely delicious burger and fries.Cool atmosphere. Located in the gambling area of Harrah's. Fairly priced. Can't go wrong with a huge burger and fries for $12 in Vegas. Waitress was cute too!
4	This place has awesome burgers and shakes. This place is classic vegas with the scantily-clad, costumed waitresses but the food is far better than your average burger joint. I started with the Captain Crunch Shake and it was AMAZING and definitely unlike any other milkshake I have tried. This was followed by the Fried Homemade Dill Pickles and these were piping hot and delicious but the portion was too big and we had to stop eating them to leave room for their HUGE burgers. Their burgers are delicious and they have a ton of options. Go here if you're tired of sub-par buffets!
4	We came here late at night with a fairly large group of people--about 7. They were a little slow in seating us, but that was okay. They have a good deal for late night--for about 8 or 9 bucks you get a burger, fries and a non alcoholic drink. I ordered some popcorn chicken with zesty lemon aioli. I thought it was good. The food here is average, nothing too great, and nothing too bad. I think it would be a great choice for late night dining after the bars or clubs. Chef J (Joe? John?) came by and gave us two bowls of fries for free while we wait for our food which was nice. The fries were crunchy and yum! They somehow thought we ordered some tator tots, but ended up giving it to us for free as well. The server came by and checked up on us a few times including Chef J which was nice. I thought the service here was great, so I give them 4 stars!
2	Eh...honestly, not that great.  I was recommended this place by a friend, so i went with high expectations...it turned out to be worthless.  I ordered the california chicken burger.  The chicken had no flavor.  BTW the waiters dont know the difference between pea sprouts and alphalpha sprouts.  Not the same thing!  Plus everything was an extra charge!
4	One of the few decent places where dinner can be had without waiting until late or needing to have a reservation.  We waited about 4 minutes for the hostess to deal with a difficult customer, then was walked right in to a table.Odd decor but quite fitting the "KGB" name.  Hostess and waitresses all wearing sexy outfit with fishnet stockings, but no thrills for my wife since the waiters all in jeans and black shirts.  Didn't seem to fit together too well.Burger options were nicely varied.  And if anyone not happy with the combinations, then the "build your own" would get anyone a burger of their choice.We had some of the best burgers ever... awesome!
5	We were staying in Harrahs so we had to give this place a shot and after eating here we wanted to slap the people in line for the buffet.  We had the fried pickles, some insane burgers and the uber fun shake sampler. The fried pickles are spears so if that's not your thing consider yourself warned lol. I couldn't care less. To me a fried pickle is a fried pickle and the sauce it came with was awesome. The burgers are epic. The burgers on the menu looked so good I saw no need to customize one. I went with the Cobb burger and returned to KGB days later to have it again. The burger was huge and full of flavor. I chose to have the fries replaced with sweet potato tater tots which were great and obviously made from  scratch.  The shake sampler was a lot of fun. Of course one of the shakes we picked was the infamous Captain Crunch shake and it lived up to the hype. In all fairness though all the shakes were awesome. Upon our return days later we ordered the breakfast cupcakes (awesome cupcakes with breakfast cereal on them) and I'm glad we did. They were awesome. This place has awesome food and it's very reasonable. The staff couldn't have been more helpful. I still want to slap the people waiting in line for the Harrah's buffet.
5	Fantastic find! I was staying at Harrah's and decided to try this little gem when we got off the plane and we were waiting for our room to be ready-that's a separate yelp...(lol!). We started out with the trio sample of milkshakes. They are big enough to fill you. (about a wine glass each- Big). We ordered Espresso, Double Chocolate and THE BEST ONE Capt'n Crunch!! O M G!!! We ordered fried pickle spears as our starter. Sooo gooood!! It came with spicy dipping sauce. Then KGB has a menu where you can custom make your burgers. (pick the type of roll, meat, toppings, etc). But burger choices they already had assembled were so good I didn't bother with the customization. I got a BBQ Bacon burger and my bf got the Cobb burger. Both were huge and amazing. Juicy, lots of flavor, cooked perfectly. We also got side orders of tater tots and sweet potato tots that were great. Dessert were these adorable "breakfast cupcakes". They were an order of 3 cupcakes each made and topped with a breakfast cereal- one was cocoa krispies, one was cookie crisp, and the other was froot loops. SO adorable and delicious!! The service was also top notch. Our server Zach, was attentive and wonderful. We went twice in the week we were in Vegas because the food was so good. On previous trips to Vegas, we ate at Burger Bar in Mandalay Bay, but this time KGB was sooo good (and so much less expensive, and so far away from Harrah's) we didn't even bother to go there. We ate here for our first and last meals in Vegas and couldn't be more pleased. Can't wait to eat here again. *If you order a milkshake, they are HUGE. Ask them to split it into 2 glasses. Our server did that and it was more than enough for each of us. If you aren't starving, you could prob split a burger as well. They give you big portions here and lots of tater tots!!
3	Average fare. Had popcorn shrimp, dbl cheeseburger, fries and fried pickles. Use the 2 for 1 burger coupon. At front desk or printable.
5	I forgot which burger I got when me and my wife came here, but I remembered being a bit too dry.But the waffle nachos and captain crunch milk shake are worth giving this place 5 stars.We came here because the place was featured in Man vs. Food.The waffle nachos was terrific.  It's waffle fries served with succulent shredded beef that has a slight sweetness to it topped with some salsa and nacho cheese.  Very delicious. One order is more than enough to serve two people.  You might even be too full to get a burger after eating this.The Captain Crunch milkshake is Awesommmee!!! Addictive!!It's surprisingly good.
4	Kerry Simon has another winner on his hands here..I have been here twice now and each time the burgers get better and better..Waffle fries on the side, yes please...try everything and anything on the menu you will not be dissapointed..You do have to get to the strip and through Harrahs but you will thank me later for making the effort..Great service, very fast, very efficient and quality!!!
5	Wow... What a burger ... After walking for quite awhile down the strip, we reached Harrahs... Where KGB is located. Short wait for a table... Hostess was very friendly. Drinks came quickly. Server was friendly and was ready to answer any questions we had.  The wife and I split a Cobb burger....1/2 lb patty, blu cheese, salsa, avocado, red pepper mayo and diced bacon. Cooked to perfection & It just melted in my mouth! We also added sweet potato tots, which for $3 got us a large funnel cone full to the top.. A huge portion that we couldn't finish. The only beef would be some sort of dip for the tots would be nice.
4	I came in on the late night with a friend after wandering around The Strip. We were actually on the prowl for a steak and egg breakfast, but found this place instead. We were tired of walking (and being awake in general), so we settled here.We ordered a sandwich, with the intention of splitting each: 1) short rib sloppy joe, 2) fried chicken and waffle sandwich. If i remember correctly, with each sandwich we got a choice of either tots or fries (there might have been one more option). We ordered one of each.Sidebar: Kind of an odd thing, but if you order a side of regular tots, they're the same price as a side of sweet potato tots. But if you try to substitute them with your sandwich, they upcharge you $1.50. Damn if I let the man screw me, so I decided to just get an extra side of the sweet potato ones too.The food was pretty good. Everything was delicious, especially those sweet potato tots! Nothing fancy, but definitely tasty. Service was good for 2AM. Not the most lively gal, but I don't blame her. Would I go back again? Yes. Just for those sweet potatoes!
4	This place was amazing! We drunkenly stumbled upon it, an no the food wasn't just good because we were drunk.The buffalo chicken sandwich sans bleu cheese is amazing.We also got a lamb burger that was not exactly cooked medium but it was still delicious. Def.  A great find. :)
4	One of the only places on the strip we found to actually stay open late (3am or 6am - I forget).  There was a group of four of us dying of starvation after a fun night on Fremont Street.  We had heard about KGB (which is in Harrah's) so figured we'd give it a shot.  The hostess was really pleasant as was the waitress.  I ordered the cheeseburger soup only to find they were out but the waitress was nice enough to let me order off the kids menu as I was hungry but didn't want to gorge (the guys in our group felt quite the opposite).  Three of the four of us got burgers - they were made well and tasted fresh and delicious.  The other person in our party got a grilled cheese which should have been called a warm cheese sandwich on toast because only the first layer of the six layers of cheese was melted (this is why I am giving it 4 instead of 5 stars).  I would recommend KGB to any late night eaters just don't opt for the grilled cheese!
5	Kenny's Gournet Burgers is awesome!  Delicious food, great ambiance and nice looking servers.
4	Delicious, and great concept!We decided to go because the ads had KGB symbols with spatulas.  It sounded intriguing.  I loved the decor.  It is very modern.  There are propaganda style posters with hot militaristic girls and guns all over.  The tables are made of sanded down metal.  Very unique.  The choose your own burgers sounded delicious, but we ended up getting waffle fries and the buffalo chicken sandwich.I wish the waffle fries were more crisp, but I love that that come with pulled meat, and jalapenos.  The toppings were delicious.The buffalo chicken sandwich was great.  The brioche was crispy, and light.  It looked voluminous, but really  wasn't.  It was a nice amount of carbs for the sandwich.  The chicken breast was crispy, and the sauce was good.  I love spicy.  It had just enough bleu cheese to add to it, but not overpower it.I loved the atmosphere, the lighting, and the way all the cooks looked.  I asked the waitress if I could get a photo with one of the cooks because he looked so authentic in his costume.  When she asked him, he blushed.  So adorable.  They let me take a picture, and he looks so KGB!Some guy was having a custom made burger with lettuce instead of bread.  Looked really healthy.  Looks like they are accommodating for people on special diets.Also, either the hotel or the restaurant made the mistake of charging an order to our room, when I paid with credit card, but they were nice about it, and it was taken care of.I recommend this place for the great atmosphere and food.  It was a bit on the pricy side for me, but it's Vegas, and it was worth it.
4	This place was a nice surprise. Seriously, Harrah's has pulled off a coup grabbing this place. The comic book Soviet decor was pretty neat. The relaxed atmosphere and knowledgeable wait staff were a definite plus. I ordered the backyard BBQ burger and my wife ordered the American. Both were cooked as desired. We were impressed. In addition the waiter talked me into the Captain Crunch milkshake. That was a good move. In hindsight, it would be nice if the diameter of the straw they served the milkshake was a little bigger. I found the nuggets getting stuck in the straw and I had to nearly suck my brains out to clear it.Overall, I look forward to going back to KGB. If you are looking to get your burger on in LV for a reasonable price, this is the spot. The location on the strip is pretty central and it isn't hard to find this place inside Harrah's.
5	Bomb bomb bomb good! We went twice while in vegas for the weekend. Customer service was great and the food was delicious. About 10 of us went and everyone got something different and enjoyed every bite. They have the best sweet potato tots and the sliders are so delish. they melt in your mouth. I dont like any pink in my burgers, but I know its the way to go when trying some good meat. Go for it Medium done. a lil pink.
3	This is another puzzling burger for me. In general I feel that a majority of the restaurants on the strip are dialing it in; no matter how little they try and how much they charge, the property knows that if you're staying in their building you're going to eat there. They're also banking on the fact that the typical tourist that eats in Vegas has zero taste and doesn't know what good food is. I'm no tourist, and I'm very picky, so watch out.To start our experience off on a negative, we got seated in an awful spot in the restaurant, kind of in a weird middle area that no one else had been seated in. We were in this strange spot with a really low ceiling, overly loud dance music, and clearly an area where the servers would forget about us. The service was just not good, we weren't brought waters or even asked if we wanted any. We started with shakes, which took easily 10-15 minutes to show up. Burger Boy succumbed to temptation and ordered the awful-sounding Hamburger Soup appetizer, which was brought out with our burgers instead of before them. I didn't bother trying it based on the look on his face and how little of it he actually finished.For a 'gourmet' burger restaurant, KGB doesn't have many pre-made burgers to choose from on the menu. The first is the boring 'classic', and the second one is a chicken burger. I guess once again the burger joint decided to leave it up to the individual to just pick what they want. I'm all for designing my own burger, and feel that all burger joints should allow you to do so, but I've said it once and I'll say it again, do your job and design a few creative items for the menu.As for the burger, I think this is a valid gripe when I say the burgers are a bit too large. And I'm not even referring to the height which can often be a bit cumbersome, I'm talking about the width of this thing.  It was huge.  Sadly I don't have a picture to back this up, and I definitely don't plan on returning to do so. I promise I will have more pictures from now on... also there was way too much lettuce. Overstuffing a burger with too much cheap, uninspired lettuce does not make a great burger. The buns were great, very buttery and well proportioned. The meat was not flavorful, but cooked to order which is surprisingly difficult for some restaurants. I definitely expected a bit more from an 'upscale' self-named 'gourmet' burger, but this seems to be a new trend. The fries were also not great, but they did have 57 Sauce which is a rarity these days.If you're ever in the Harrah's property, and I don't necessarily recommend it, there are worse places you can eat.
2	Not good.  Dunno what else to say.  This kind of thing happens a bunch, celebrity chef + casino restaurant + low traffic = overpriced blah.The mac and cheese sticks were good as was my double White Russian (I had just seen The Big Lebowski).  Burgers were just ok.
3	My sisters and I came here to share a few appetizers. I wish I could rate separately based on food items, because there was a huge difference in quality between different items. We came lured by the waffle fry nachos, which were incredible. Easily the best thing we ate our entire weekend in Vegas. The sweet potato tots and, especially, the mac and cheese sticks, were quite boring.Service was really slow but decor was enjoyable.
4	Burgers here are excellent.  Split a bacon cheese burger that was nice and rare in the middle.  Good quality meat.  Crispy bacon. HUGE burger.  Very good crispy fries.  Also split a hot dog - which was a GIANT Nathan's dog.  It was wonderful, but I would ask for more saurkraut and relish and onions.  For the size of the dog, more condiments are required.    Service kind of sucked.  Had to get my own ketchup because the bottle on the table was empty.  Also had to help myself to napkins and silverware.  Overpriced.It gets four stars though, because the burger and dog were really good.
4	We will go back.At first... not knowing much about the place...  it was loud... busy... and we were not so sure about how the meal was going to turn out.  The casino fire alarm was going off when we arrived... just a strange setting.The food... FANTASTIC!  The salmon burger was great and I can't wait to go back and have it again. My wife enjoyed her burger as well.Service wasn't bad... food was fresh and tasty.  All in all.. a very good experience.
3	Played it safe and got the American burger.  The lettuce, tomato and onions were very fresh, the white bun was grilled to perfection.  The burger, a perfect medium well done.  The waiter was awesome, you could tell he like his job.  All that said, $12 for a burger just seems too much.  Food and service were great, just a little pricey.
2	I was really excited to try this place especially because they had a Cap'N Crunch milkshake! Yeah I know right?! Cereal in my milkshake! But alas, I was extremely underwhelmed. As a side to my milkshake (teehee), I ordered the the California Chicken Sandwich. It was just ok. The fries were just ok and the highly anticipated Cap'N Crunch milkshake was just ok. In a few words, KGB Burger was ok, mediocre, and not-worth-my-time-especially- in-vegas-dining-experience. Eat It. MEHH. Try not to Repeat.
3	Not bad.  The burger was good, although not spectacular.Decent drink menu, too.  Typical prices for the Strip.  Service was above average.
3	Would I eat here again? Most definitely. Would I make a special trip to eat here? No. However, that is contingent on breakfast cereal cravings, see below. (Also, I must confess a bias for Chef Simon just because I really don't care for Cat Cora, no flames please!)So after seeing KGB featured on some food show for their waffle fry nachos my boyfriend mentioned that he would like to try them out. After passing through the smoke filled casino (has Harrah's always been that smokey or am I getting old?) we were greeted by the cutest hostess I have seen to date. I have to say I really did like the "Russian" uniform with the hot pants and fishnet stockings. She seated us and asked us if we were on vacation and how we had heard of them. Kudos for pleasant demeanor. The chefs in the kitchen were also wearing green "Russian" uniforms and there were provocatively dressed comic book drawings on the walls. And it is amusing to see Stoli chillin' in giant blocks of ice.Being the little piglet I am, I had the milkshake trio. The captain crunch milkshake was the bomb! My bf had a sip and said to me, "You have to figure out how to make that at home." It was like a childhood dream come true. Memories of letting cereal get soggy, then slurping up the sweetened milk, ah, happiness. Moving on, the strawberry was very good but I kind of gave up drinking it because I couldn't get it through the straw. I mean, it IS a drink. The chunks of fresh strawberries were so big it was more like a fruit smoothie. Liquefy that sucker. Also I noticed my love for chocolate seems to be waning as I get older. The chocolate malt milkshake was good. Way chocolate. Way chocolate enough that I couldn't finish the little glass it came in. But still good. Certainly a go for lovers of the cacao bean.As for the waffle fry nachos, I would really really really recommend this as an appetizer for a table of four. Especially if everyone plans on having an entree. The plate came out heaped a good half foot tall. The waffle fries were covered in oozing melted cheese. After attacking it from the side I managed to dig into the creamy cheese and pulled pork in the middle (yes, I deftly avoided the salsa and slices of jalapeno). So good, so rich, so taking home about three quarters of it. Our (huge) burgers arrived and we began to nosh on those as well. I had the BBQ Bacon Burger and my boyfriend had the Double Cheeseburger. My burger was good, I really liked the onion bun. I think they cooked it a little closer to medium rare then the medium I had asked for. The bacon was adequate and the fries were tasty. However, I think I will stick to Five Guys. My bf's was a perfect medium. He commented that it was good, but he would probably have liked it better if he had just built his own.I think there were only two things I was irked at the entire meal. One was all the food pretty much arrived at the same time. The app was brought then the entrees arrived like three minutes later. The second thing is wiggle room. The plates are tiny. I know that presentation goes a long way but I would like to be able to cut my burger in half and not worry about my fries falling off my plate. I think if I were to go back I would mostly likely sample things other than burgers on their menu. Things like fried mac and cheese . . .
4	Thanks to fellow Yelper Jonathan H.'s recommendation to check this place out for some late night sweet potater tots & shrimp popcorn - they were perfect midnight snacks to refuel after some drinky drinks on the Vegas Strip. I didn't even remember getting to the restaurant until after I had taken a few bites .... that's what happen in Vegas!!!Well, luckily my friends and I came back here two weeks after my first visit. This time Brad (or was it Chad) who had my back?! Well anyhow, he was our food server for our party of 10. He had recommended the Cobb Burger. OH MY! I love my meat medium rare and my burger did come out that way (see pic). This burger consists of what a cobb salad would have: bacon, blue cheese, avocado, tomatoes, etc...but made into a burger. MMMMMMM! No need for any ketchup or such, this burger was perfect as is.Sober or not, do check this place out. Service is wonderful just as their food!
4	KGS is a cool place.  Went up and ate at the bar.  Ordered a braised short rib sloppy joe.  And boy was it sloppy.  The meat was tender and flavorful.  The fries that came with it was nice and crisp.  The burgers going out looked great too.
3	I went to KGB for a really late night snack at around 2:30am.  It was actually a tough decision for me to eat here considering that at this point of my trip, I already had eaten Burgers at other spots on the Strip and didn't really feel like having another one.  I looked at their menu and did see something that caught my attention..... their Bacon Waffle and Fried Chicken Burger.  What the heck??I've had my fair share of Chicken and Waffles from Roscoe's, to FarmerBrown, and Hash House A Go Go, and even Bouchon, but I've never had them in the form of a sandwich.  So when they brought it to my table, I couldn't help but crack up because it just looked ridiculous (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/loSgYD9dHOsjjm7QCly5qw?select=uznWQt-KgYXi3OEBfGbXJw).  Basically, you get two Bacon Waffle "Sliders" with Fried Chicken that comes with a funnel of Tater Tots and your choice of either Maple or Jalapeno Syrup.  I opted for Maple because I thought that Jalapeno Syrup just sounded so weird.  Maybe I should've opted for it though since the dish was strange enough already.  I really didn't know how to eat this thing because once I put the syrup on the Waffles, I was no longer able to eat it with my hands.  I ended up taking it all apart and just knife and forking it.  I think the execution fell a little flat since the Bacon Waffles were a little overdone and the Chicken was dry.  The Syrup only helped just a little bit to counter the dryness.  I do applaud Kerry Simon for trying to be creative with this dish though.  At least the Tator Tots were good!! I guess it's not really fair to judge this spot based on their interesting take on Chicken and Waffles since it's a burger joint after all.  I do appreciate that they're open really late (till 6am).  I'll probably drop by again so I can try their burgers or Kerry Simon's famous Iron Chef Sliders and hopefully have a better experience.
4	Delicious!!! Took them almost 40 mins to bring our food but still delicious -- i had the chicken burger n my bf had the double cheeseburger! Yum!
4	Had the lamb burger ...and it was pretty darn good!**Just FYI - you must eat it fast because the sauce makes the bun soggy hella fast.The service was good...waiter was very attentive.I just wish I had more time in Vegas to try out the other items on the menu.
4	I'm a sucker for a great hamburger, I really am. For some reason, about two years ago, the world caught up with me and realized the awesomeness of the gourmet burger as well, and lots of places became suddenly part of the awareness of foodies nationwide.So when my boo whisked me away to Vegas for a long weekend, we took in a Cirque show (the Beatles' Love) and suddenly it was 11pm and we were famished. Nothing sounded quite so good as a big juicy burger, and he'd been to this restaurant in the past and loved it... so off we went.Service was, honestly, a bit of a mess. We were seated and waited about 15 minutes before anyone paid attention to us. We were toying with leaving as a waitress suddenly realized what had happened and apologized profusely, then doted on us for the rest of the meal. She was very sweet and funny and really remediated for the bad first impression.The burgers were very good. Honestly, I've had better... The Counter in West Hollywood, Fez in Phoenix, and Hash House just up the road (and in San Diego) still top the list. But it was a B+ burger, an amazing cosmopolitan, and a sweet server. Anyway, I was in a great mood so it was still a nice end to the evening, and would have been five stars if not for the bumpy start.
5	This burger would have only gotten a four star, maybe 3 if not for the amazing burger I created with KGB's toppings, the counter could take some tips from this place too. This place has a Russian feel to it, thus the "KGB" name, and they are also a vodka bar.  I had a shot of vodka, then ordered a a white Russian, which is Absolut Vanilla vodka, Kahlua, and cream.  Good drink, one of the better ones in a while, sweet but strong. Now for the burger...I ordered an all natural beef patty burger, medium rare, on an onion roll, lettuce, dill pickle chips, and jalepeno.  This is where it gets really good.Premium toppings-$1.25 each- Everything I could top it with that I have never seen or heard of before on a burger.-Popcorn shrimp-Short rib sloppy Joe meat( Incredible, would eat it by itself again for sure)-Fried mac and cheese sticksLOL no need for any sauces or anything like that, I figured I was ready to go.  Best burger maybe in my life, I have had some awesome burgers but this brought a tear to my eye.  Maybe because I was in Vegas, maybe because I created myself, maybe because I was drunk as hell, not sure but this was a burger for the books.  Top the burger off with a side of sweet potato tots and you are in business.  Hungry yet?
3	It was a good restaurant.Ordered the..double cheese cheeseburger I think it was called? They  made it sound so delicious..4 CRUNCHY CHEESES. YUM.But..it wasn't as good as I had hoped. The cheese was most definitely crunchy, but it did lack some flavor. Also, both my bf and I asked for some extra ranch..our waitress didn't bother to tell us it was an additional charge. Cheapo status. The fries were yummy though! I don't know if I'll come here again..unless my bf wants to :pThe waitresses be dressed in booty shorts and fish net leggings...hm.
5	Gourmet  burger place inside Harrah's casino. Interesting Russian theme inside and all the waitresses are dressed up Russian style too, some wear the uniform better then others. This place is about burgers ! You can pick from their favorites or if your feeling dangerous you can build your own .They have some out of the box burger selections here ,  like lamb, short rib, turkey.I went with the Cobb Burger $14(Bacon, blue cheese, avocado, tomato salsa,red pepper mayo, sesame brioche bun) and comes with a side or fries. When  the burger arrived it looked like a burger photo shoot . I ordered it cooked medium and surprise they cooked it just right, so many places ask then just cook it however they want. I was skeptical about the ingredients , specially the salsa. But after tasting  it. It  was perfection! All the flavors melted in my mouth, man great, best burger I have had in a long time. The bacon in the burger was finely chopped up, so the avocado, blue cheese and salsa were mixed into every bite. I used the fries to pick up the errant bacon bits that fell out  of the burger.Great  burger cool place, this place should be on your burger list.
2	Service was fine, but wasn't a huge fan of my burger.  I tried the "Thanksgiving Turkey Burger".  The burger patty had very little flavor.  The cranberry sauce was too sweet, no cranberry tang to it, and too much of it.  It also came piled high with a tremendous amount of iceberg lettuce, like 2 inches of it.  Very messy and still edible, but I've had much better elsewhere.  The fries were very good though.
5	This is gourmet burgers.  If you venture into this gem on the strip be sure to share an order of the nachos.  Different from anything you likely have ever eaten.  An spectacular sloppy joe rib mixture atop snow shoe fries covered with cheese.  It was dueling forks to the end.  Scraping the plate clean before diving into the double burgers we ordered.  This was as the television show is titled "the best thing I ever ate" wonderful to the max while washed down with some truly ice cold beers.  While we were in agreement that the burger was great, we could not finish it.  A wonderful experience
3	Meh.I've had better. I came here with a large party on our first night in Vegas. We waited awhile to be seated and the hostess snapped at us because we didn't instantly respond when she asked how many were in our party. Maybe it's not really that big of a deal but that sort of soured my experience here.I opted for the classic burger here. It was cooked well, the veggies were crisp and fresh, and the bun was toasted. It was good, but I wouldn't call it exceptional. It's similar in taste to Smashburger, but way more expensive.I did really like the sweet potato tots though, they were very well executed. I was also persuaded to try the Captain Crunch shake, which was amazing. All that sugar really made me bounce off the walls for the rest of the night.
3	Like most reviews of this place, It is a good place while your on vacation. The wait was kinda long for an 8:30 dinner, but the hostess was cool about updating our party of 4. Once we got seated, the decor kinda blew me away! It was instant sensory overload, but in a good way. Our waiter was a GQ dude, that had the "blue steel" look all the time. He was a good server for the most part. Had a good time sipping a bucket of beers and looking at all the graphics and different types of people in the joint. We started with the Mac & Cheese sticks - pretty tasty. For the main course, had the BBQ Bacon Burger. There was also a Buffalo Chicken Breast, American Standard, and a Cobb Burger at the table. The Cobb Burger looked good and might be my next choice when I go back. Now, it was basic "I could get this at Red Robin" food. But we had a great experience. I know it was a casino joint and it was gonna have a little extra in price. So be it - Enjoy.
4	Sweet potato tots - these were awesome. Tater tots made out of sweet potatoes. Why hasn't anyone else thought of this? Light and not greasy, they were a very nice addition -- definitely pay the upcharge to get these with your burger.Burger wise I had the BBQ Bacon burger - Homemade BBQ sauce, applewood bacon, smoked gouda, crispy onions, onion roll. It was quite delicious, but was certainly messy with BBQ sauce getting everywhere. Great flavor, but my only complaint was the smoked gouda wasn't melted. Good gourmet burger, and a good place to catch lunch on a Sunday - plenty of TV's so you can catch all the games. A few bucks cheaper than Holstein's which I went to the day before.
4	Yum! My friends and I went to KGB after a long night of gambling. Our waitress was super sweet despite a large-ish group. I got the Cheeseburger Soup and the Chocolate Malt Shake, yum-o. I also stole a handful of tater-tots from a friend and those were cooked perfectly. The portions were big for the cost (in Vegas) and everyone enjoyed their food. I took off a star because the food was slightly over seasoned for my taste.
4	Consider this like a Russian version of Hooters. And better too, replacing the sleaze factor with a much cooler, much more socially acceptable deliciously sexy foreign vibe. In a time when Vegas is seeing a foodie renaissance, with top chefs and top prices, how refreshing it is to stumble upon such a chic yet simple *burger joint.* The decor and theming are excellent, transporting even; food is cheap and delicious; adorable staff quick service and accents to boot (really trying on that authenticity vibe); themed as well as a Disney park; and everything is highly customizable.Drinks come in large glasses typically reserved for water, yet at single-shot prices. Just make sure that you at least pretend not to enjoy this place to much, after all the Russians nary show much emotion, or you might tip off the CIA.
2	It wasn't unbearable, but it was far from fantastic. The shakes were great though. We went for the late night menu, which was condensed, and we liked that. But the food was just ok. The shrimp was good, as was the Philly cheese steak. But there was a chicken breast on a waffle, and that was "strange." The in side out omelet was not good at all. Plus, our food took forever to come out, because of an issue that was never told to us. The waitress was un-attentive, and it was a very poor experience. Not going back.
5	After spending 3 days in Vegas last month, we were pretty much over food.  Everything started to taste the same.  While on our way to a comedy show, we stopped in at KGB for a quick dinner and found what is now our favorite restaurant there.  Everything was tasty, but the standouts were the Ceasar salad and the fried pickles.  If you haven't had a fried pickle, do yourself an honest favor.  Do yourself another favor and let them cool first- hot spears are like lava, and you will suffer the consequences.
4	Fun Russian theme.  The burgers are pretty good.  You can pick from a list of interesting burgers or you can make your own with the ton of toppings they have to choose from.  I made a burger on a jalapeno cheese bun that tasted very fresh.  I had beef, cheddar, tomato and since I didn't get the mac and cheese sticks for an appetizer I added those too.  The mac and cheese sticks were good but were huge and didn't actually fit on the burger so I took them off and ate them by themselves.  My favorite part of the meal was the waffle fry nachos we ordered for an appetizer.  They were wonderful!  The sloppy Joe rib meat they use is fantastic.  Even if you only get them when you come it would be worth the stop!
5	KGB is a hidden gem.  Not many people know about this burger joint.  Every time I mention this place to friends, they have no idea what I am talking about.  I first saw this place featured on the Food Network and on one of my many trips to Vegas, I put KGB on my to do list.  Ever since my lips touched those burgers, I have always come back for more. My favorite item on the menu is hands down the, Thanksgiving burger.  Every bite is filled with goodness.  You get the sweet and the salty taste and even a little bit of pilgrim! Just Kidding about the pilgrim, but the combination of turkey, cranberry sauce, gravy, and stuffing really hits the spot!My most recent experience was by far, the best.  We had JJ as our server and right off the back he asked if anyone has been to KGB before.  My party of 8 sat there in silence and I raised my hand and said, "I have."  Being a big fan, I always bring my friends to KGB to not only bring awareness of this awesome place, but so I can get my CAPT'N Crunch shake in after a night of drinks and dancing.  JJ kept checking in on our table and made sure we were taken care of.  The manager Micheal was so thrilled to hear that I'm a fan of KGB that he gave me the shake on the house!  In addition, he didn't charge us for splitting plate fees.  5 stars, reasonable Vegas prices and great service.  Only downside, is the location of this place, it's all the way in the back of Harrah's.  You'll have to ask dealers and cocktail waitresses to lead you in the right direction.  If you haven't checked out this place, you're missing out!  Head on over to Harrah's and check out Kerry's Gourmet Burgers, if you can request JJ as your server!
4	First time here... I was confused what the heck is KGB? Russian mob? a burger joint and a pretty darn good one.There are interesting artwork and Russian esk themes on the wall.  I didn't really look around but next time I'll have to take a better gander.To start off we had a group of 8 that they sat in the high chairs facing two tvs so everyone at the table had a good view (football game was on).  Drinks to start us off after a night of dancing and drinking a captain crunch milkshake. mmmm. it's been awhile since I've had a decent milkshake where it comes in a glass and the extra in one of those metal tins. It was delicious, sweet,and ice cream-y and yet I felt like I was eating my childhood favorite cereal.The burgers are huge.  I shared the Thanksgiving turkey burger and we still had extra fries left.  Normally they charge a plating fee for splitting plates but our server was cool and instead brought out smaller plates and said there was no plating fee if we cut it up and split it ourselves. AWESOME stars for that =)The turkey burger was moist and tasted.  I enjoyed the gravy and stuffing in it.  I'm not sure if I'm a fan of the cranberry sauce.  I'm not big on the sweet and salty mixed together but I am sure people who love that will love this burger.The fries were oddly addicting and one friend was dipping them in her captain crunch milkshake and LOVED it.I will be back the next time I'm in town to try more off their menu.  Note: You can also use your total rewards card to pay or redeem more points as well =) another PLUS
2	We saw KGB on TV and thought we should give it a try. It's in Harrah's, pretty easy to find (for Vegas). We were greeted at the entrance by a Soviet vixen straight from a bond movie. And that's about where the "iron curtain" begins because from there on out it's all American. My Burger, the BBQ Bacon burger was okay at best, the cheese was good but the meat itself was frankly tougher than the Berlin wall. The fries were very standard too. I didn't have a chance to get a vodka drink but it appeared they had a good selection. The service was acceptable. Final verdict, there's so many better places in Vegas, this was not worth the meal opportunity.
3	Food was good. It's burgers mostly so no big leap, but huge plus they had tater tots! Regular potato and sweet potato tots...they were great. For a drink bar the mixed drinks were fair. Service was OK. Like TGIF and Johnny Rockets had an illegitimate child and left in Vegas. Don't get me wrong It's an OK place to eat before a night of serious drinking or before going to Harrah's Improve Comedy Show.
4	Great food and service will come back soon! Thanks Dawn.
3	Was it good? Yeah! Did it live up to the hype? Not really....But I do intend to go back and try some more burger love!The "Cobb Salad" burger was great! A nice twist, which is what I was looking for, and perhaps I should have ordered the tatter tots to give my experience a bit more...ummpf! But I just felt that I had didn't get he whole Rock and Roll, Iron Chef experience. But a good burger.....really......
4	Went with my wife and sat at the bar with the vodkas in ice (she was intrigued). We both enjoyed the atmosphere, the servers were courteous n prompt. Food came out quickly.    I ordered the Cobb Burger and Sweet Potato Tots and a White Russian. I would agree with some other posts that there weren't a lot of "original" pre-thought out burgers to choose from, there were a lot of options to build your own, however, I prefer to taste what strange creations other people think is a great burger. That said, the Cobb was very good. Best I've ever had? No, but still worth it to me. The Sweet Tots were a strange idea to me, but incredibly good. I do wish they served some sort of aioli sauce or something with them but that's not a huge deal. The White Russian was large and very good.    Overall, it was slightly spendy but there was a LOT of food, too much, really. My wife and I could have probably split the meal n still have been satisfied. Plus, since we were so full, we had to miss out on the Cap'n Crunch Shake, n that makes me sad.    I would go back again, build my own burger with my wife and leave room for the shake.
2	Burgers were bland, extremely overcooked, and overpriced.  $50+ tip for 2, couple burgers, an appetizer, beer and a soda.  Skip it.
2	Went here with my hubby about a month ago. We had a coupon that they excepted with no questions asked.They claim to serve "gourmet" burgers but they were ordinary burgers to me. Something that you can order from Carl's Jr or Red Robin. My one complaint is that my husband and i got charged an $2.50 extra for an extra plate. All i asked for was an extra plate. That was bullsh**. When i saw the charge i complained to the waitress right away and she did take the charge off. I also noticed that the waitresses paid more attention to the men than the women in each table. not cool...Would I back to this place.... neh, i would  rather spend my money at another place like " EARL OF SANDWICHES... HEHE
5	Really big burgers and plenty of sides. Just about any kind of burger you want. Nice, friendly atmosphere and staff. Have to walk through the casino to get there.
3	I was a tad disappointed by this place considering all the hype I heard about it.  The server was wonderful, very pleasant and efficient.  The food was good and if with a group, I would go back without whining. But it was pretty ordinary.  My burger was a tad overcooked but still had good flavor.  The fries were the same, nothing to write home about.  My milkshake entitled black and white was really white, I think the waved the chocolate syrup bottle over the glass.  A little overpriced for my experience......
4	OK, the main picture that appears for this resto on Yelp is a bit deceiving...they don't serve that here! ;)This was a high end burger joint...and vodka...I am rating 4 stars because I would not usually enjoy a burger joint, but the food here was fantastic.  In fact, as an appetizer I ordered nachos, which came on potatoes rather than chips, (ya I know they are potatoes too).  It was the best dish I think I have eaten for a long time!!  I wanted to stop eating know that a burger was about to come, but had to pretty much finish the plate.  Awesome!Service was very slow.  If the food wasn't so good I would've only rated it 3 stars as our waiter was never to be found and I think he brewed his own beer for us cause that took a while too...All in all, definitely worth checking out.
1	Worst service ever.... Not even busy and it takes 20 mins to put your order in and get a drink! Horrible.
4	The infamous Kerry Simon delivers.   Maybe it is in my blood but I could not help but love the Soviet-style propaganda posters as decor, and the name is a cute play on words (or initials if you prefer).    This is probably Mr. Simon's least expensive restaurant in Las Vegas but the food does not disappoint.I only ordered the waffle fry nachos as I wasn't feeling very hungry but wanted to eat something before attending a late show at another hotel.  The "sloppy joe" meat that was piled on top was so delicious...tender and slightly sweet...that I risked getting myself sick just to finish every last bite.  Sliced jalapenos were huge and very fresh...not small and shriveled up like you see on many a nachos.Service was friendly but a little on the slow side.  Prices are reasonable for a place on the Strip and don't forget your Total Rewards Card as the prices are further discounted for members.
3	I had Cobb Burger which I enjoyed.  Guest had Cheddar Cheddar Cheese Burger-yummy. Both came with small metal container of fries.  Nice presentation and the restaurant was stylish.  We noticed the ice block to keep the vodka cold on our way out.
5	Love, love, love KGB.  After a long night of drinking, the next day all I wanted was some grease.  Walking through Harrahs, I found KGB.  I got an amazing turkey burger with fries (that actually wasn't greasy--both the fries and burger) that left me wanting more.  My friends had the tacos (on pita bread) and loved their food as much as I did.  I will definitely be eating @ KGB again the next time I come to vegas.Sidebar--the staff (female) wear corsets & booty shorts.  Why? What does that have to do with burgers? Really?!?!?!? Why not make them topless!!!! Sorry that's my soapbox.  I'm off it now.
4	This place has great nachos and popcorn shrimps!! Their nachos are homemade and pretty popular! It is waffles potatoes with very special pork and very unique cheese and salsa. They were amazing!! The popcorn shrimps taste fresh, and the shrimps were pretty big! Too bad I think the service was alright...that's why I only give it a 4 stars. Beside the service, the food was good!
4	I'll be the first to admit it. The whole "build your own custom burger" trend is lost on me. If you always order a burger cooked medium with bacon, guac and swiss, the only real variable is ingredient quality. This kind of dining gets boring to me real quick.So why am I giving Kerry Simon's KGB four stars?Mostly on the strength of one dish - a single appetizer that is an unholy Frankenstein food you'll have dreams about. It's the Waffle Fry Nachos, as seen on Food Network's "Meat and Potatoes." Housemade, seasoned waffle fries are topped generously with juicy short rib sloppy joe (!!!!), shredded cheese, queso, pico de gallo and fresh jalapeno rings. The short rib and the fry seasoning are the tastes that hold this deal together. Yum.Because of my attitude towards most create-a-burger places, I focus mostly on the appetizers here. The Iron Chef Sliders are bite-sized versions of the dish that helped Kerry Simon defeat Cat Cora in Battle Hamburger - patties spiked with bits of bacon, onion and mushroom, topped with ketchup and cheese and nestled in brioche buns. The mac & cheese sticks are way too rich, especially when you dunk it in the accompanying cheese sauce. They also offer the sticks as a burger topping.I could tell you about my grilled chicken sandwich with bacon, grilled onions and guac, but what's the point? I just did.
4	I dream about the cheddar cheeseburger...a delicious burger patty folder inside of crispy cheese!  Try it on the jalapeno cheddar bun to up the level of yumminess.Sweet potato tots are delicious.
2	Kind of a disappointment. I tried the Thanksgiving turkey burger because I love stuffing and I've never had it on a burger. It was OK at best. My sweet potato tots were still a little frozen in the middle when they first arrived, but the hot outside eventually cooked them through. The Cap'n Crunch milkshake was really good though. My daughter's mac n cheese sticks from the kids menu were the best thing on the table. They're also on the appetizer menu.Our server was great until it took her twenty minutes to get change. She looked like an old heroin junky, and really shouldn't have been wearing the same sexy uniform that the good looking waitresses wear.
3	what's the hype about this place? i say that with a little sarcasm because i had no idea what it was about. i guess you lose certain pop references when tv isn't in control. atmosphere is a darker johnny rockets with waitresses that sport their packages.at any rate, this is some popular chef's joint. iron chef? i don't know. the lamb burger i ordered was pretty darn good. the fries on the other hand sucked.
4	This place is a hidden gem.I paid a visit to this place my first night in vegas last Friday but heard about it on the 702 channel in my hotel room during my visit LAST year.For an appetizer we ordered the fried mac & cheese sticks which came with a side of cheese sauce for dipping...FABULOUS!I ordered the Cheddar Cheeseburger and my sister ordered the same with a turkey burger - they informed us that any burger on the menu could be made with turkey.  We shared a capt crunch shake and that too was fabulous!!!  They were able to split the shake into two glasses and that was more than enough.  We left there comfortably full.  Thumbs up for this place!!!
3	I ate here on a Sunday night.... Here is the low down. It's a damn good burger, I can't give it "great," and I wouldn't go too far out of your way for it, but if it's convenient and you're looking for something better than fast food, and you don't want to eat upscale (because all you really want is a burger) then this is your spot. Pretty expensive, but if your eating in Vegas and searching for "a better burger" then you ready for these prices. It's a safe call that probably won't change your life.
4	Probably one of the best veggie burgers I've ever had!  And they are huge so splitting is definitely a good idea.  But if you don't mind being served by barely clad waitresses definitely make a trip to this place.  They are also nice enough to do the burger splitting for you.  And of course, the prices were very manageable...especially if you're splitting it.  It's kind of in a sketchy part of the strip...the construction part, so it's not so much fun getting there but it's worth the trip in my opinion.
5	Ever since about two years ago, we have made this place a staple in our "Vegas Trip Diet."  I stopped eating meat about 4 years ago for my diet, but we tried this place one time while we were staying at Harrah's and were hooked.  I never eat hamburgers, chicken sandwiches or god forbid fries, except here.   There are several reasons we love this place:1. The chicken sandwiches (and hamburgers I assume) are gigantic.  We can buy one and split it and it fills us both up.  It is honestly the best and biggest chicken sandwich I have ever had.2.  The SERVICE. Let's be honest, most people come on Trip advisor to complain(I didn't make it to Senior Contributor on Trip advisor by complimenting hundreds of hotels)  BUT I want to give GIGANTIC COMPLIMENT to the servers at KGB.  I don't remember names off the top of my head, but both girls that worked the front desk remembered my girlfriend and our order, and this was on our trip in March...we had not been to Vegas in almost 4 moths.  How the heck did they remember our order.  Plus they are super nice and the service is very fast.3.  Location!1 it is right off the floor, so if you just want a quick bite and then you want to run to your favorite slot there ya' go!!Thanks KGB!!
4	I typically don't like to spend $15 on a hamburger all that much, but when you are on the strip and are going to spend too much anyway, this place is a solid choice.  The hamburgers there are pretty damn good, and big!  The fries are bomb, but the onion rings did not impress.  They were batter rings it seemed:   too much batter and not enough onion.
4	CUTE RESTAURANT...Even though you have to walk through the smoke filled Casino and hopefullly not feel too QUEASY to eat! But, I checked the YELP reviews and wanted to give it a try.We went after a show (HUMAN NATURE..LOVED IT!) We were seated quuickly and our waitress was very nice. The Caeser sald w/chicken was very good. Crisp romaine lettuce and delicious housemade dressing. Hubby had a house salad w'tangy vinagette. We each had a Thick,creamy, flavorful malt (me chocolate..him vanilla)..i also tried the Fried Dill Pickles..they were okay but, the chipotle sauce was bett Our son had the IRON CHEF SLIDERS, juicy burger and nice toasted bun, he also raved about the mac/cheese with pancetta WE WILL BE BACK!
4	Stumbled across this place one night with a friend it looked pretty interesting so we ventured in. First, the portions are unbelievable! The hamburger was kept together with a skewer, a basket of tater tots, and a pitcher of lemonade. I brought more than half of my food home with me and so did my friend.The food was tasty and everything was really fresh. While these are "gourmet burgers" with fancy options still, not the best around. The restaurant is dark but, the layout and decor was really cool. Sports, waitresses in skimpy outfits (typical Vegas), and an array of beer makes this place feel almost like a "man cave". The open kitchen was nice.Overall, cool restaurant and good food.
4	Burgers are different customizable and delicious. Sometime a little bit of a wait though. Must try at least once.
1	Super disappointed with our visit. First I wanted to order a drink but asked them to hold the Midori since I am allergic to melons. Nope can't do it. Whatever,  then i'll just have water. So I order the BBQ Bacon burger,  but I want cheddar instead of smoked Gouda. It's a dollar extra to change the flavor of the cheese on my burger. Really substituting cheddar for Gouda is an extra buck when the burger already costs $15????? The manager, Kate,  said she was very sorry she could not change the price it was out if her control.  What is she the manager of  then????So I told her that was really too bad because it really ticked me off to be charged extra for the different cheese, so I didn't order the $15 martini I was going to get AND I was an avid Yelper and I was going to have to give them a bad review. I was sorry for her that she made that choice.  Too bad!  When she brought the check she said she had taken the dollar off after all. Nice try Kate, you are still going down on yelp. It really wasn't about $1 it was about a poor level of customer service when we would be dropping $50 for burgers and drinks for lunch. Hell, they are more accommodating at McDonalds when you are spending $5!!!!!The food was completely mediocre.  I told Kate that for $15 I didn't expect to be eating s frozen hockey puck burger. She swore that they formed their own patties every morning,  maybe they use a bench press bc they were really firm like a frozen patty,  not tender and fatty like a hand formed patty should be.Fries again were frozen food service fries. Totally expected fresh cut fries at a place like this. In and Out has better fries than KGB!
4	the portions of the burger here ARE HUGE.They are also delicious too. Expect to spend 15-20 bucks on burger/fries.well worth it though.:)
5	WAFFLE FRY NACHOS!!!Eduardo was our server.  He was sassy and hilarious! Request him if possible.  He provided great service and our glasses never went near empty.This was the first restaurant we visited during our trip to Vegas, and we couldn't get the waffle fry nachos out of our heads for the rest of the trip.  We even went back on our last day just to have one last serving!The cheeseburger soup held it's own against the waffle fried nachos, it was as if an entire cheeseburger was pureed and poured into the bowl. I know it sounds disgusting, but you have to give it a try!Our party of four each ordered our own burgers, not knowing they were (probably) 1/2 lb burgers!The burgers were delicious, so were the fries and the coconut milkshake.I'm so happy this restaurant  was recommended to us!
4	KGB in Harrah's has a Soviet Russian theme, for which I'm a real sucker.  Kitschy propaganda-esque murals with hammer and sickle adorn the wall, giving the room a reddish glow.I've eaten at KGB twice, and had the Cobb Burger both times; it was so flavorful that I couldn't consider trying one of their other selections.  Topped with bacon, bleu cheese, tomato salsa, and red pepper aioli, it packed all the the flavor of a well-made Cobb salad on to a burger.  The beef patty itself was cooked to a perfect medium-rare, as I'd requested.Of the appetizers, I've had the fried pickles and the grilled shishito peppers.  The fried pickles were decent, but I'd particularly recommend the grilled shishitos.  It was a perfectly sized portion for a pre-dinner snack, and came with a tasty ponzu dipping sauce.  They offer a variety of sides with their burgers for an additional charge, but the french fries that come with are exceptional.  The service was mediocre, but not to an extent that it hurt my enjoyment of the restaurant.  After being seated, I sat for about 10 minutes before the waitress came for my cocktail order, but following this, service was fairly prompt and friendly.  I would definitely go back to KGB on future trips to Las Vegas, and would recommend it to anyone looking for a quality burger near Harrah's.
1	I liked KGB when I first ate here, but I got an order to go and not only was my meal disappointing, it was potentially dangerous.  When I got back to where I was staying and took a bite of my burger, there were grill marks on the outside of my lamb burger, but the inside was so raw it was bleating.  I also ordered a chili chocolate shake, which tasted salty, and did not have any chili flavor in it.
4	Burgers and vodka in a KGB-themed restaurant owned/operated by Kerry Simon? Sign me up!I've eaten here a couple of times and while service can range from spotty to awkward, it's never been outwardly horrible and I can overlook it in exchange for unique, tasty eats.The portions here are huge, almost wastefully so, but I feel like I get my money's worth which is a good feeling to have at any restaurant in a Strip property. KGB offers your standard burger and toppings and then your not so standard burgers and quirky toppings. Amongst the defectors are lamb, salmon, veggie, short rib and chicken, some of which are nice options for non-beef eaters as well as a variety of cheeses, mayos and dressings. If you really want to get crazy here they have salads too.I've had the fall orchard turkey burger (I think that's what it was called)-it had a nice combo of apples, pickled onions, brie and a sweet, likely mayo based sauce. Their sweet potato fries are killer and worth the upgrade. I've also had the buffalo chicken rolls which are a fun take on spring rolls with a blue cheese dipping sauce. The iron chef sliders are great too. I'm not big on desserts, but the captain crunch milkshake is nostalgically delicious. It's really like drinking frozen captain crunch milk!As mentioned, the service can be a little dicey, but on my last visit they appeared to be understaffed which can be damning for a Saturday night. Our waitress was doing her best though and was friendly, so I can't really blame anyone but management.I'd come here more often if Harrah's garage and layout wasn't such a sh*tshow, but maybe it's better that way. Or else I'd have a real problem.
4	Alright - here goes...The service as everyone else says, dicey, the waitress was nice enough but she (or the kitchen) didnt get much of our order right.  My husband ordered the chocolate shake which he said was good, and I got the captain crunch shake which I was disappointed in.  First off, I dont know about you all, but the best part of captain crunch was the crunch berries.  I was expecting the captain crunch shake to have some berries or something, and it turns out that its made out of the other stuff.  The flavor was ok, but the texture was wonky because it had pieces of soggy captain crunch in it.  Weird for me since I think shakes are supposed to be smooth.Then I ordered the Macaroni and cheese sticks, they were really good.  Then we ordered our burgers.  My husband got the bbq bacon burger and fries, he liked them.  I ordered the Thanksgiving turkey burger and sweet potato tots (because of the yelper reviews for the tots).  The burger was good, but they forgot to put the cranberry sauce on it...then I tasted the sweet potato tots and they were DISGUSTING to me.  Overly sweet and the texture was like underdone sweet potato mush.  If you are the type that likes sweet potatoes sweet with cinnamon and sugar you might like it.  I like my sweet potatoes with salt so this was just overly sweet for me.  I asked for fries instead and she brought me regular tots, i told her i asked for fries but that I would eat the tots, but then she brought out tots anyway.LARGE portions, we bought this for lunch and then had it again for dinner.
4	Service is just ok but I'm giving them good review for those WAFFLE FRY NACHOS!!  Best thing on the menu.  We also tried the trio milkshake sampler where we got the Chocolate Chili, Captain Crunch, and Double Chocolate Malt.  Of course I always loved the Captain Crunch shake but the surpriser was the Chocolate Chili shake.  Wow that was good!  It had a nice kick at the end and wasn't too spicy or chocolatey, just the right amount!  Of the burgers here's what I've tried:THE Cheddar Cheeseburger:  It's plain but the cheese on there is fricken GOOD.  They make that cheddar super crispy and it is just awesome!  I wish there were more fixings on it since all the put is basically the cheese and burger.  Orchard Turkey Burger:  The turkey burger was nice and moist.  But overall this burger was lacking some flavor but it was a really nice combo of ingredients.  It had apples, red onion, mixed greens, brie, and apple mayo.  Couldn't really taste the apple mayo, wish they put more.Lamb Burger:  Again not enough sauce!  Was pretty good but a little dry.American Standard:  Yep just you're plain old burger.  I usually like going for those crazy unusual burgers but my dad loves his plain old burgers and this one was actually really good.Cali Chicken:  This one was surprisingly good too!  It's not beef but the chicken was super moist and flavorful!Southwest Burger:  Had a lot of stuff in it but despite all the fixings, still lacking SOMETHING...I dunno.  Maybe not enough sauce again....I think a lot of them were skimped on the sauces and maybe that's why I wasn't super impressed by some of them.  You can ask for an extra side of sauce so my mom got more tzatziki sauce for her lamb burger and it made it a lot better.  But yes I agree, service is not good.  A lot of the times I know when my mom was saying "EXCUSE ME" they were ignoring her on purpose...the lady was like right next to her!  Oh well they food is pretty good so I'll be back.
4	Located in Harrah's. First, let me just get this out of the way. I take great exception to the name of this place. The KGB was a brutal and ruthless apparatus of the Soviet Union (I mean you wouldn't name your restaurant 'Gestapo' would you?) I am also sure that chef Simon Kerry would have lasted all of two seconds under an actual KGB interrogation giving up his burger recipe before they started beating the devil out of him. All that being said and out of the way. The burgers here are very good! I do recommend this place. I had the All American Burger, it was incredibly well constructed (one of my biggest complaints is burgers that boast a ton of ingredients on the menu, and then show up uneatable because it is a pile of 'blech' in between a grease and secret sauce saturated bun.)I say put on your finest Red White and Blue, and stop by. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
1	Even though I have about two dozen places on my to-do list, once in a while I need to revisit a previously reviewed location due to either reader feedback or in the case of KGB, the lack of pictures and just a downright awful first review. So it was with great hesitation that I ventured back to Harrah's last week to see if Kerry would be any better to me this time around. Was he?I won't speak much to Harrah's as it's outdated, smelly and attracts some not so savory patrons. The restaurant is fairly cool, almost a slightly more modern version of Burger Bar or something. One gripe I had last time, and I still maintain after my latest visit, is that the music is completely loud and annoying. There are a few different seating areas, luckily this time I was seated in the main area closest to the kitchen which is a bit more inviting. The menu seems to have changed since my last visit, as they now offer a few predesigned burgers and is a welcome sight.With some advice from the waiter I went with the BBQ Bacon Burger: all natural beef patty, homemade BBQ sauce, applewood bacon, lettuce, smoked gouda and crispy onions on an onion roll. Once again I will initially say that it was way too big; too tall, too wide and just a giant mass of stuff. The meat had a not-so-great flavor although it was cooked to order. It was super bloody at first but dried out far too quickly, and I found myself searching for the inconsistently placed BBQ sauce throughout the last half of the burger for some relief from the dryness. The onion strings had ok flavor on their own, but even with giant piles of them on the burger they seemed lost. The bun was fresh but flavorless. And just like last time there was way too much lettuce. Overall this was just not a good burger; little flavor, dry and way too big.Just like the burger, the fries didn't have great flavor and were totally cold on arrival. They were just your typical generic fry with almost no seasoning and no creativity whatsoever. $15 for just the burger is absolutely way too much, and the $24.27 I paid with my iced tea and tip is about $20 more than this meal was worth. While I gave my first meal here a score in the high 70's, I'm going even lower this time now that I have plenty to compare it to. Harrah's as a Las Vegas property isn't really worth visiting as it is, and this is one burger that's definitely not worth going out of your way for.
4	I took a Friday off recently to have a father/son day before my kid went back to school. Some parents might avoid the Strip like the plague, but not me. My kid thinks it's a treat to go visit the "big city". Before heading to a magic show we grabbed lunch at KGB. The place was empty so they sat us in a big, comfy booth.Their kid's menu isn't advertised on their website, but they do have one. It's full of typical kid's stuff and my kid got chicken tenders, of course. For $8 he got a basket overflowing with fries and topped with four large chicken strips, with a side of BBQ sauce and ranch.I went with a BBQ bacon cheeseburger. It's larger than burgers at some other gourmet burger joints and it was much better than expected. The onion/poppy seed bun was soft, squishy, and thin, which I liked. The patty was thick and tightly formed, but very juicy. Their BBQ sauce was sweet and tangy but didn't detract from the beefiness of the patty. The bacon and onion strings on top added to the deliciousness. Make sure you have extra napkins handy because it's messy. The fries would have been much better if they laid off the salt a bit.KGB might not be as good as my other favorite burger places on the Strip, but the tasty food makes me think I should give it another try.3.5 Stars
3	I NEED, NEED, NEED to give a huge shout out to Tiffany, the Host, for being amazing and staying patient with all the drunkards around her! On Friday last week, I had been dying to eat a burger and with all the popular burger joints popping up in Vegas (did a mini trip here before heading to the East Coast), I decided to skim through the local list of best burgers in town. We ended up picking KGB because it was the closest to us (we were staying at Paris) and well, I'm Russian so why not visit my comrade. Unfortunately, there was a line but only a 15 minute wait but some obviously rowdy ppl were out and about (I'm assuming for Labor Day weekend) and I felt really bad for the Host, Tiffany, for having to deal with ppl yelling in her face and bitching about the time. Apparently, there was a server on break and even though there was multiple empty tables, not enough wait staff to help out. Personal Note: For how busy it was and how busy I overheard it gets, think about hiring extra wait staff.After we were seated, we had to wait awhile before our waiter even came to us and had already had a huge 10 top of drunk men to take care of before us. When we did meet Eddie, our server, he was obviously extremely busy but was still patient as well and suggested a few things, taking the time to point out different items. I thought this was awesome that he was calm even though he was completely bombarded. Let me just tell you there was A LOT of unhappy patrons here waiting for to give their order and waiting for their check.J and I ended up ordering the Double Cheeseburger to split with a side of coleslaw and the Captain Crunch milkshake. We asked for it medium rare and when it came out, it was perfect (non pc term: F*ing Amazing!). Eddie had suggested putting the Russian Dressing on the side so the bun wouldn't get completely soaked which was a great tip. The coleslaw came as a big serving so I was definitely happy about that.Although service was slow, I cannot fault our server for it too much since he there was a lot going on but the time we had with him was great. And another huge shout out for Tiffany who even came to check on us later after we were eating to make sure we were okay and even dropped us off complimentary tickets to the Improv show upstairs (which was HILARIOUS!) This woman needs a MEDAL for dealing with drunk frat boys, sobbing women and obnoxious couples who can't wait 5 minutes for a table.Thank you Tiffany and Eddie for a fun experience and I can't wait to go back and eat another delectable burger and die happy digesting that cow.
4	Russian military service, killer green buds, and burgers oh my!Checked this spot out on my last outing to Vegas just recently. I figured I would try to eat some of my calories and not drink them all this go around in Vegas. Our server was Eduardo (but we'll just call him Eddy) and he was awesome. I love being able to bs with my servers and you get some off the hook ones out in Vegas. Attentive and the orders were spot on so good job to him.I was the only one at my table to order something different. The rest ordered the American Standard with fries. My girl said it was in her top three of best burgers she's had. I called shenanigans and blamed that nonsensical talk on the Goose. Nah, the burgers were pretty good though.I'm checking the menu and I don't see the burger I ordered. The burger had avocado creme fraiche (I'd deglaze the f*** out of that pan.. Aw Yeah..... Awwww), pico de gallo and a myriad of other stuff that I normally don't find on a burger. Super messy. While eating it I started to think how all of these ingredients would mesh with the onslaught of  alcohol consumption that would surely ensue. I'm proud to say "I did good, ma!"But let's get to why I really wrote this review. The meat and 'taters I like to call it. FREAKIN' SWEET POTATO TOTS YO! Deeeeeeeelicious. So delicious I had to use seven too many "e's" to describe it. The sweet potato tots are divine. I didn't even get them with dipping sauce and didn't care. I was told that they sprinkle a bit of flour right before deep frying to bring out the flavor. I've never had a sweet potato fry/tot/whatever that came close to these things. So good you could chase your whiskey with 'em!All in all this place was good. Some brews and burgers to start off your Vegas trip is not such a bad idea. Definitely recommend.
5	Cool atmosphere, lots of TV's, and the Waffle Fry Nachos were AMAZING. We went on a Sunday to watch some football. The staff was all very friendly and came by to chat and admire our baby. Chef reginald even dropped off the food personally!Great place, we will be back!
5	WOW  My family and I ate here in August . I had a classic Cheese burger it was done to perfection!!!!  the fries were awesome also. My mom had the Cob Burger salad which was HUGE she wound up taking the rest up to the room.My dad had a burger also and a Pina Coloda shake which was to die for!!. The theme was fun ! I loved the celing Lamp Shades!!!Looking forward to eating here next year!!!!!
4	I was in Vegas about a week ago and my goodness, this was in my top 3 best meals of the trip. I almost went back there a 2nd time. I ordered the BBQ Bacon Burger, sauce on the side. This comes with Gouda and Onion Strings on the burger. The flavor combination on this burger was outstanding. I had to force myself to stop eating or my pants would burst. One of my friends ordered the Waffle Fry Nachos...WoW! They call the meat sloppy joe, but it's actually a beef brisket. It's slathered on top of waffle fries with 2 types of cheeses and peppers. Amazing, truly a must have!
3	Table of 4, wait was 20++ minutes late on a Thursday night.   No bar to wait in, plus no alert system (buzzer or whatever) so we couldn't wander around the casino.   Once we were seated, the food was great.....  Just burgers but lots of toppings, etc.   Nothing bad nor was it overly memorable.  Very sufficient for a bite in Harrahs!
3	Cold war is over and KGB has disclosed the secret of huge juicy burgers and tot chips. Got to hit it if you get blocked in the desert hell of Vegas.
5	An Annual FAV place each summer we are there... The food is awesome. I love the customized burgers and shakes and the service can't be beat. This year, we are somewhat slimmer and split our meals the whole time we were in Vegas. Who wants to eat like a gavone and then throw on your bathing suit! Lol. Luckily the burgers here are so big, when you split em in half, you still have alot to eat. Pair that up with the amazing tater tots and a Cap't Crunch shake and you are good to go.
2	Expected more of this place. First off, they didn't have any spiked milkshakes, which is surprising since most of the newer burger establishments on the strip have spiked milkshakes. The dining room itself was playful with cool provocative murals dispersed throughout. The kitchen is open into the dining room.As for the food, I ordered the Southwestern Burger and was very disappointed. My friends ordered sliders, which they said had good bread. My burger was way too soggy. The best part of the meal were the fries and the BBQ sauce. The sauce was so good that I asked for additional sauce, which the waitress failed to mention would cost 0.50 cents extra! How can a burger restaurant nickle and dime its customers on sauce? What is this, McDonalds? BLT Burger at the Mirage is a superior burger establishment and they have spiked milkshakes!
2	Decided to stop in here while waiting for Fat Elvis to start.  Had about 25 minutes and knew it would be tight.  First there was a drink natzi at the door!  She told us we couldnt bring our drinks in the restaurant! wt?? It's Vegas!  What if i had one of those giant frozen drinks that take all day and are 50.00? Would they turn me down?  So after scarfing down the drink and getting brain freeze we were seated.  After about 10 minutes no one  came.  At this point we got up and left and were told to have a nice day.   We did go back because i had to have these sloppy joe waffle fry nachoes i heard about.   They were pretty good and different but can still get good greasy bar food with better service elsewhere.   Won't be heading back here. Not even when we return for Fat Elvis!  Do yourself a favor and go to Burger Bar!
4	Great burger & shake & fries inside of Harrah's where we stayed. It was ridiculous prices, but thats Vegas I guess. For one burger, fries & a shake it was almost $30. The burger was damn good though and thick. It was a chimmichurri burger and then the shake was Neapolitan. Very very good. The server was nice, dressed like an outrageous gay dude but thats Vegas too.
1	So many better options in Vegas. So many. I ordered the Harvest Burger and let me tell you it was mediocre at best. It was supposed to come with bacon, and when mine arrived without it, I asked the server if it was supposed to have bacon and he said no, but offered to get some for an extra charge. No thanks. Although, that may have given it some flavor. The turkey burger itself was pressed and formed and tasteless, looked like the inside of a chicken nugget. Gourmet? Hardly. So when I walked out I glanced at the menu just to see if I had read it wrong, but it was supposed to have bacon on it. The satisfaction of knowing I was right was enough for me to leave without complaining, but I'm still annoyed, so here i am complaining on Yelp.
4	Waffle Fries Nachos are incredible. Now with that out of the way...Some local Vegas friends of mine brought me out here when I was in town for a business trip. The waffle fries nachos were easily the highlight of the night, not to lessen the amazing burger that I ordered - just the way I like it! - off their detailed menu. We just couldn't get enough of those waffle fries...
2	There seem to be a lot of supportive reviews here, but my experience was disappointing. My burger was overcooked and the fries were ice cold. The service was confused, as we had multiple waitresses who didn't seem well coordinated. The burgers on the menu looked relatively interesting, but the taste wasn't particularly great on delivery. Perhaps Shake Shack and other burger places in NY have raised the bar quite a bit, but to me this is not worth going out of your way for by any means.
5	Best gourmet burger around.
1	This is not based onme; my mother in law just shared this experience.  I tried to find a way to complain to management, but couldn't.  She went in the evening to eat.  No one was seating at 8pm.  She could see the hostess in the back chit chatting.  After 10 minutes, omeone finally came over ans seated her.  She ordered a burger medium. A few minutes later i arrived.  The grease was dripping all over the plate.  She cut it in alf a d it was rare.  She tried to eat around it, but it was so greasy and ubderdone, she couldnt.  Someone walked by and she. Complained.  He saud oh and walked off never to be seen again.  Then she complained t her waitress who asked if she wanted the chef to com out.  She declined.  She asked to charge to room and gave info. Few minutes later, waitress asked for her credit card.  Why?  Don't know, but took it.  This is how your treat and older woman who was looking forward to eating a good burger?  Shame on you!
2	I remember this place being better?  I order the Cobb burger, my usual. For some reason, this time the combination of bleu cheese, avocado, their "red pepper sauce" (tasted like 1000 island) and bacon made it over the top, LOSE YOUR MIND salty! Maybe my tastes have changed, but it was way too much of a good thing. The brioche bun was yummy, the fries were really good...I actually could have gone for more!... and I appreciate any place that serves battered onion rings. The joint itself is very dark, with cold metal chairs and (nice) waitresses wearing revealing uniforms. No comment on whether or not they should be.The game was on VERY loud and the cooks, who are only off to the side of this small restaurant, were yelling and carrying on in response to it. It was obviously on just for them and I found that to be really obnoxious. Overall, after this visit I'm not sure if I would return. Its too expensive for just a so-so burger.
3	It was just ok.  I liked the setting and the food was decent but nothing too great.
4	This was a very pleasant surprise. Situated inside the out-dated and run-down Harrah's, I didn't have high expectations; we ate at several pricy eateries in Las Vegas earlier in our trip and found all of them marginal. We wanted to eat at Range steakhouse (now closed, Ruth's Chris will go in) and ended up at this place. The atmosphere is decent, cool comic book inspired mural on the walls, the giant block of ice with vodka bottles looks pretty nice.I got sliders with sweet potato tots, my companion got the Caesar Salad. Who the heck goes to a burger place in Vegas and orders a salad?  Beats me, but it had been hard to find places that did vegetables well. The waitress brought French fries, but promptly brought a whole (not side) order of sweet potato tots. My sliders were outstanding, so were the sweet potato tots. But the best thing was the Caesar salad. Seriously, best Caesar salad I've had anywhere. The dressing is definitely home made and fresh, the flavors are so balanced. The romaine lettuce was served in a wedge and impeccably fresh, like it was harvested to order. Garnished with fried polenta cubes, this salad blew our minds. We loved the dressing so much that we started dipping fries and sweet potato tots in it. The only disappointment was the poor beer selection. Highlighting vodka for a burger joint is gimmicky. If I'm eating juicy greasy burgers with fried sides, something bubbly and hoppy really helps cut through the grease.Definitely one of the culinary highlights of my trip.
4	Good burgers. Thick angus beef patty, nice buns, and a good variety of toppings/creations. I'd come back again.
1	I will never go to this restaurant again.  I went with a few friends and the waitress never assisted us.  She stood behind our table talking to another waitress about her friends surgery.  When I tapped her to tell her we were ready to order she told me sternly to hold on and she would be right with me as if she was a teacher scolding a child (I'm pretty certain I'm older than she was).  We stood up right after that to leave, but before doing so I reported her to the manager on duty and was simply told she'd get a talking to.  At the time of this incident I had laryngitis so it was extra difficult for me to express my dissatisfaction.
4	In Vegas for the New Year's Eve weekend.  I was craving a burger and the Husband and I decided we should check this place out based on the reviews and that it was close to our hotel.  I ordered the Build Your Own Burger which I ordered with an angus beef patty, american cheese, jalapeno and mayo.  I ordered my burger medium well and although it came back a bit more medium than medium well it was so nice and juicy that I didn't care.  My biggest disappointment was that I couldn't have my burger with a nice cold coke but there is nothing that could have been done about that since they are a pepsi establishment.  Also I though the jalapeno would have been pickled but it was fresh.  I still loved my burger. The Husband had the sliders.  He was a bit shocked by how tiny the sliders appear . But once he took a bite he made note of just how thick the patty really was.  The service was great.  Our server checked in on us regularly and when our burgers were taking a bit longer than expected he came out to let us know our food was coming out soon.  I would definitely come back here next time we make the trek out to Las Vegas.
1	Went here for lunch and had a burger and fries. The burger was bland and they have a terrible beer list. How do you have a burger joint with a weak beer list?  The burger tasted like a frozen patty you get from Costco. And, the beer I did have cost 7 bucks!  Say what!  Do yourself a favor and cruise to Mickey D's if your desperate. At least you'll save a few bucks and get a better burger.
5	Was deciding between this and a few other gourmet burger places on the strip. I was eventually won over by the fries that are included in the meal (Fries and burgers go together, they shouldn't charge extra like the Mirage).  Ordered the Waffle Fry Nacho which was absolutely good! American comfort food at its best. I was already full so I didn't end up eating my Southwest burger until later. Mom got the Cali Chicken and loved it. $40 for our meal (no sodas). Not bad for a Vegas meal :)
3	Have the famous sliders.
4	KGB is in the Harrah's Casino.Nice place, good atmosphere and they don't jam pack you in here.  Menu is up-scale burgers and sandwiches.  They also have milkshakes.I had a spicy stuffed burger and it was very good.  Came with fries -- for about $14.Service was good, food was good.  A little pricey -- but it's the Vegas Strip.  I would definitely go back.
3	Wandering around Harrah's waiting for check in brought me to this burger spot.  I ordered a burger, a beer, and nothing else... My total after tip was almost $30.  For what?  I had a Fat Tire (bah) and a basic burger..  I was pretty shocked that it cost me that much even though I know its the Vegas strip.  The service was good and I was happy that smoking was banned and enforced regardless of what was going on right outside of the hostess stand.
4	This is a 4.5 star review (but alas, the inability to do half stars on Yelp). My burger was really good and the fries were hot and tasty. Our waitress was really nice but she was slammed with the lunch rush, so they may need to increase the staff size. But overall, it was a good experience
2	Ehhhh...the price is what's the drag. Who is Kerry anyway? Because I can watch the cooks make my food and there isn't anyone named Kerry I assure u. Juan, Carlos, Manuel, Felipe, etc etc...but no Kerry, take my word for it. Not really sure what justifies a $20 burger with no fries, a drunken stupor? Yep, that's the reason!
5	mmm mmm the food was delicious! The sweet potato tater tots are so dang good!:) I had the southwestern burger which was yummy but I really wanted to try the Cobb burger! Fried pickle spears are awesome!Service was a little shabby only because we didn't have a server for a while and all of a sudden 5 minutes later the manager pops up asking for drink orders... then we just waited... apparently Chris was supposed to be our server but some lady took our order and brought our checks so I dont know.. we tipped someone.
2	The veggie burger here is ok, I enjoyed the appetizers more.  We had cheese sticks and fried pickles.  The atmosphere is interesting--mocking, faux retro-Soviet culture.  I guess I need to explain the two stars--if I go to a place that specializes in burgers and they offer a veggie burger I expect it to be something memorable, not two garden burgers in a large bun that I can get pretty much anywhere else.
1	This place is horrible. After a long trip we went to harrahs to check in only to be told we needed to wait an hour or we'd be charged for early check in. Anyway we were hungry and found KGB burger. We were seated right away. It took about 10 minutes for anyone to take our drink order. After finally ordering our food, I was disappointed. It's not worth the price. Our fries came in a little bucket. The portion was way too small. I guess that was a good thing though cause they were overcooked and salty. I ordered the American burger. Although tasty at the first bite, it was horrible after that. The tomato was soggy and splashed all over. The meat was hard and salty. My gf got a chicken sandwich but was not worth the price. Overall I was disappointed and left me upset throughout my vacation every time I passed by. Don't go here. In two words: it sucks.
3	Great burgers (beef or turkey) and impressive decor but lacks in service and side dish (sweet potato fries) quality.The girlfriend and I have made KGB Burgers a part of each Vegas trip we make.  The food is priced well and the USSR decor is very well done and complete, it's more than just the wall paintings (which are impressive by themselves!).  The burgers are cooked well and come out juicy.  Negatives:The fries are over salted and thin.Service is slow. I've had to ask for the check over the last two visits and our waters were not maintained.  There is also a long wait during peak hours.Overall, I do recommend visiting KGB at least once but come at non-peak hours.
3	The only thing i like here is the tatters.  The tatters are worth going for.  Nothing else is really good just ok and too much food and pricey.
5	KGBs is not messing around. These are serious burgers. Don't get cute and order something else. Get a burger and enjoy yourself.
4	We were just looking for a quick place to eat, and we're pleasantly surprised by KGB.  Our waitress was really friendly, cute, and fast.  We split the burger which I highly recommend, it's a good size burger.  They did the split for us, which I always appreciate getting your own plate, or in this case basket.  The burger was really great and the toppings are fresh and crisp.  Fries are fries but they were pretty great too.  My boyfriend liked it so much he wanted to go back the next day.
4	We stumbled across this spot. It was nice inside and the food came fast. I have buff chicken rolls n a cheeseburger. Yum yum yum! I'd go back any day!
3	After seeing this place on the food network I was hooked..so it was the first place I hit up when I arrived last April. We got the 3 shake trio dealy, the short rib waffle fry nachos and burgers of course. The burger was alright, milkshakes mediocre and the short rib waffle nachos were a big let down.i like the fact you have many options of nonsense to put on your burger I think i put fried mac and cheese on mine. It was ok. The short rib waffle nachos had no flavor to me and didn't even eat but 2 and I was done. :/.
2	Waffle nachos were good.  That's where it ends.  Service was slow, ran out of iced tea twice, took 10 full minutes for my kids' shake, and the burgers were bland.  Skip it altogether.
4	"The waffles nachos were great and the service provided by Zach was GREAT!!!"
3	I went to this restaurant with my lady friend and we had a fun easy experience. The food was good, we shared macaroni and cheese sticks and we both got burgers. The cheese sticks were the most memorable part of the meal. The burgers were cooked as ordered. We also got drinks. With all the options in Vegas this place seems to just get left out every time we come back.All in all, I would give this place another shot if we are in the area...
3	A buddy of mine and I came into vegas and wanted a good burger...heard some good things about this place and decided to try it out.  The burgers are pretty good...a little messy but that isn't always a bad thing.  I guess i expected more because of the hype.  In terms of the service, it was decent.  One thing that did disturb me was our waitress.  She had to be pushing almost 60 and they had her dressed in a vinyl halter top and a short skirt...she was nice and all and its Vegas, but it was very off putting...The burgers here are pretty good, but nothing extraordinary or worth going out of your way for.
2	After burger plans elsewhere fell through (I'm looking at you sign-less Planet Hollywood), I found myself at KGB again last night. *grumbles* ....It was just one of those nights where I was fully willing to indulge in some greasy goodness. Started our order off with the fried mac and cheese sticks. Holy crap, they were so amazing in that "I know I'm totally going to regret this later, but it will all be worth it" sort of way. SO good. And after that I could care less if my burger ever came. My previous visit wasn't a fluke, the burgers are pretty terrible. They've gone downhill. They're basically dried out pieces of crap that aren't the slightest bit juicy. Parts of it was chewy and pretty disgusting actually, like Walmart beef is used. In all honesty, I make better at home using burgers ordered from Omaha.The cooks were quiet this time, but I was seated on the half booth/half table where you're completely on top of the party next to you and can hear every freakin' word they say. It made for some awkward conversation until the couples on either sides of us left.
5	I saw one review that said the five star reviews were either investors of the restaurant, or marketing...I beg to differ.This restaurant was an easy five star review for us.  My son and I were visiting Vegas to see some shows and we wanted to enjoy a good burger.  Harrah's would not have been our first choice but we were pleasantly surprised at every turn.First, it was easy to make reservations.  This was important to me so that we could go see our show across the street that evening without being late.  Sure enough, we got in right at time of our reservation without a hitch.  Service was friendly, efficient and helpful.  We got the tater tots that people have raved about, and I have to agree, they were amazing.  My son got a bacon burger and a shake.  The shake was handmade, (took a bit of time) and was worth the wait.  My cheddar cheeseburger was out of this earth!  I have never had one like it with the crispy cheddar on it.  LOVED IT.  So, prices were reasonable for a stand-out burger joint.  And the best part, I was able to get a superior burger without putting a dime in Gordon Ramsay's grubby little fingers.  We did not know much about Chef Simon prior to this, but after eating here, I would try any of his restaurants or recipes in a heartbeat.  GREAT EXPERIENCE.  And "that was a tasty burger"!!
4	Waffle Fry Nachos are enough to feed 2 hungry people.  I'm eating lunch at 3pm and barely ate half.  I didn't even eat breakfast today, and no I didn't sleep til noon.I badly wanted to try a Colorado lamb burger lettuce wrap with pea sprouts, wild mushrooms, and red pepper aioli.  Maybe next time in town, or maybe Kerry can add a gluten-free section and claim my brainstorm burger as his own special creation.All I ask is that u raise the price of the WFN's.  People should be informed what they're getting into here.  Since when does "sloppy joe" equate to "a massive portion of pulled short ribs"?   C'mon folks, this is clearly false advertising and needs to be addressed immediately, along with a slight revision of the vodka prices ;)
1	3-26-13 10:30pmI had a craving for a very good burger.  I happen to come across this place.  After looking at the menu it looked very good.  I ordered the barbecue bacon Burger.  I was extremely disappointed.  I am not a sauce person, so any dish that I order I always ask for the sauce to be put on the side.  This means the meat needs to be seasoned and flavorful.  After taking 2 bites out of my medium burger I discovered that the meat was dry and not seasoned.  It was on a toasted onion bun, with bacon and crumbles of onion rings.  Sounds great but it was very bland and lacked any flavor and all.  I sent it back. After that I tried their chicken tacos, hold the cream sauce.  So it was chicken, pico de gallo, and the shell.  Being very consistent like the burger, the chicken pieces lacked any seasoning whatsoever.So I ordered two dishes from this place and I left the restaurant still hungry.  Very disappointing. If you're a sauce driven person and depend on the sauce to make the flavor of your meat, then maybe this place is not so bad.  As for me, I need seasoning.
2	This spot services, chefs, line cooks, need sum better training or need to get whipped n to shape!!! For this being a Iron chef labels restaurant and coming for the Food industry and obeing a exec Chef this restaurant needs to step up to the plate or get sent back to the bench cuz it's not up to Par!
5	We had some dining vouchers for the casinos and this was on the list. I checked the Yelp reviews before picking a restaurant. The build-your-own burgers were massive, flavourful and well-priced! The sides were tasty and large. I had the fries, my son had the tater tots and my husband had the onion rings. The consensus was that the tater tots were the best. With so many restaurants to choose from, I'm glad we picked this one! I would highly recommend. Oh - and also - they take reservations - which is super helpful when you have a show to get to.
1	Another horrid burger experience in Vegas.How hard is it to get a fresh made in house burger?Impossible in Vegas it seems.KGB is hidden in the back of Harrah's wit ha bar in the front.There was an older couple waiting in front of us forever, hosts and waiters hushing by, completly ignoring them.I had enough and we grabbed menus and sat down since there was barely anyone there eating.FInally when a waitress came I asked if they make the veggie burgers in house, nope they get them frozen.$14 for a boca burger, no sides, really?AND shitty service to boot, screw you and off we went again.
3	My wife & I shared the Orchid Turkey Burger. I enjoyed it very much.  It was different, Tangy & Sweet & Savory. with a side of Sweet Potato Tots, those are very good! even for leftovers. We reheated them in the oven & ate them for breakfast. Yum!  We also ordered the Mac & Cheese sticks which I also enjoyed even tho they were not anything special.
4	I don't understand the negative reviews for this place! Great burgers, friendly and attentive staff. I've been here twice. First time, Kerry Simon himself was dining here which was pretty cool, I'm a big fan! The place had just opened within a few months. My sister had the cheddar cheeseburger and I remembered it being so good that I ordered it when I went back a second time this week. Super juicy and flavorful! I hate when burgers are so over-seasoned that you can't taste the beef...this one was perfect! Use your Total Rewards card here for discounts.
4	The wife and I tried this place because we couldn't figure out what we wanted to do for a fast late dinner and I am glad we did. The burgers are made with pride and care and it shows. Just an outstanding burger experience. The tots are fantastic.Dont over think this place just enjoy it.
3	My manfriend and I were in Paradise last week and while in Paradise, we decided to try out Kerry's Gourmet Burgers since my manfriend and the chef shared the same name =P. The burgers here were good but nothing too special about them. One thing though is that the portion is HUGE!!! We couldn't finish our burgers and fries! But besides the huge portion, the staff was friendly and the manfriend and I were totally digging the punkish uniforms the ladies were wearing ;D. Overall, the food was good, the service was good, and I had a good time there.
2	My husband and I went there for the first time tonight.  First, trying to park at Harrah's proved to be an ordeal.  It was hard to find self parking - we ended up parking at the Flamingo's and walked 2 blocks to get to KGB.Finally, after getting there, my husband ordered the angus burger and I built my own turkey burger with mushrooms, garden mix and pepper jack cheese.  We also got the onion rings and a chocolate/vanilla shake.  The portions were huge, but I have to say it wasn't anything to rave about.  The turkey burger wasn't tasty and my husband's wasn't all that great either.  The chocolate/vanilla shake had a strange taste - it didn't taste like a shake at all.For now, we won't be going back.
4	The price of the burgers seemed a bit steep until we got them to the table! After a long drive into Vegas, we were absolutely starving and there was more than enough food to feed 4 people!! My husband and I really enjoyed their burgers. Onion rings were hands down my favorite I've ever had.
3	With a lot of buzz about this place, I figured I would give it a shot.  The service was good, but the food was a let-down.  I got the "Iron Chef Sliders" with fries and a chocolate malt.  The sliders were ok, but nothing special, and not even remotely deserving of the "Iron Chef" name.  I mean, if that's Iron-Chef-winning flavor, then I'd like to take on Flay or Cora with my own grill, because they didn't taste much different than me grilling burgers in my backyard.  The fries were only OK; at least the malt was pretty good. I'm not gonna dock any points for the ambiance, since I know it's just Las Vegas kitsch, but I grew up when the Soviet Union was always the bad guys, so eating here did feel just a little bit wrong.  I appreciate the clever play on their acronym, but I'd much rather be surrounded by American flags and bald eagles and all that, rather than the sickles and hammers that decorate Kerry's Gourmet Burgers. Would I eat here again?  Possibly.  I wouldn't be opposed to it, but I think I'd rather roll the dice and take my chances at one of the many other fancy burger joints that Las Vegas has to offer.Top Tip: make sure to have a Harrah's reward card, and you'll get a dollar off most menu items!
3	My wife and I ate here over the past weekend. We had  decidely mixed, results. I ordered a stuffed,spicy burger. Tons of flavor and good heat. I upgraded to the onoin rings. Nothing special about the rings, except the overwhelming portion. My wife ordered the sliders, here is where the problems began. They only give you 2 options for cooking. Medium or well? She ordered them medium. 1 was perfect and the other 2 were raw. Not wanting to make a scene, she only ate 1 1/2, of the 3 small burgers. She did enjoy, what she actually ate.
2	This place is inside Harrah's Casino and signage to promo the place seemed so enticing; so what was one to do!KGB - Not all burgers are created equal (which is weird to have a Communist theme, since isn't communism the theory or principle to achieve supreme equality and does not validate the sale of labor?)Anyways, enough with the politics and history lesson! I ordered the double cheeseburger and some waffle fries with cheese and BBQ pork.  Overall, I think the highlight of our meal was the fries!  Nice and crunchy while the melted cheese oozed over the BBQ Pork gave it some texture. The BBQ pork and cheese was the yummy factor.  My burger, well I wasn't too impressed. Let's just call it an over glorified Red Robins - even then I still prefer Red Robins; less expensive and not pretentious.  Service was mixed.  My hostess did well and I think some of the water boys/host/not sure what their real job is; did real well.  My "server" nice hot looking gal, but damn does that mean you don't have to work!?  Maybe her modeling gig wasn't panning out, but I sure would like my burger, utensils, napkins, and bill promptly please. If you need a quick bite and it's late after the clubs yeah come by KGB, but for good food and decent service -- ehhhh yeah not sure if this is the place. - Enjoy!
3	So, the food was very good, not as good as Gordon R. Burger or the Burger bar @Mandalay.The interior here is cool and wait stuff is very friendly and helpful. I like it!
4	Been a while since I've been here (the hazard of "Starting a Review" on the iPhone app). I came here for the first time for my birthday last year at the suggestion of a friend (and of my parents who say the fried mac n cheese is like the perfect drunk food). Not much I remember, but I do know I'll definitely come again. I'll repost a full review then.
2	The service was very slow and the burger was bland.
4	Just made it in this joint before closing time.  Man when you are in the Casinos in Vegas 10:45 pm seems like 8:00 pm.  Anyway, the BBQ bacon burger with sweet potato tater tots was what I had.  My wife was able to get a burger selection with lettuce buns which I thought was cool especially if one is on a strict nutrition plan.  The BBQ bacon burger I had was delicious, the meat was fresh and not a frozen patty.  The sweet potato tater tots was what I think I enjoyed the most.  They were not greasy and did not require ketchup or any kind of condiment to make them taste good.
4	Great
3	Burgers were decent, not the best but not the worst either.  Each time I went, there was no crowd so we were seated quickly.  The stairs down into the dining area look like they could be slick, so be careful there.  Both times we went, the service was on par with expectations.  A few of the waitresses there looked like they didn't want to be at work, but we didn't deal with them directly.  Speaking of the waitresses, their outfits are a bit much for a burger place.  I mean, corsets and shorts shorts?  Is that necessary when you're serving "gormet" burgers?  Not really.  I know it's Vegas, but c'mon!  Polo tees and shorts or slacks would have been fine.  Maybe that's why some waitresses looked miserable.  There are a few TVs so we were able to watch the hockey playoffs while eating.  I recommend the fried pickles because I thought they were fantastic.  The someone open kitchen reminded me of the game Diner Dash, especially with the tall, white chef hats the chefs wore while cooking.  All and all, decent burgers.
3	After all the build up from my family about how fantastic this place was, to say I was disappointed is an understatement. The food is just ok. Our party of 5 shared the waffle fry nachos and tater tots to start. Both were really good which is why I was so disappointed when we got our main dishes. My burger was cooked to order, but the bun was totally soggy! The burger itself was under seasoned and I ordered the Southwest Burger which should have been pretty darn flavorful! The Stuffed Spicy Burger...it should have been popping but was just...meh. The Thanksgiving Turkey Burger...blah. The fries were frozen...which was confirmed by our server when we asked if they were fresh cut. That's very disappointing. :( I had the Captain Crunch milkshake which was also fairly blah. The drinks were over-priced. Everyone in our party liked our food, but it was just ok. Nothing wow-ing especially considering all the hype behind the place.The servers are dressed like they are heading to a dominatrix party after they get done with their shift which frankly is completely unnecessary. I realize this is Vegas and believe me, I'm no prude, but it was just so out of place, it was silly.  All in all, KGB was just ok.
3	Food was above average.  Servers are good on the eyes.  The service was terrible.  Server rarely came by.  When asked if they could change the channel on the television, I was told no, even though I was the only one in that section.  Even though smoking is not allowed in the restaurant, due to it's location, if you sit near the entrance you have people walking by while smoking, and sometimes they feel the urge to stop and watch the televisions, making it worst.
4	My charming companion and I did not even know this place existed until sifting through the little Vegas guide that we found in our hotel room. Gourmet burgers? Cold-War Era Soviet Theme? Oh yes! We are going! A five minute walk from the Venetian to Harrah's and we were there. Where to start? KGB was a delightful experience. I must admit that I expected more from the theme; the decor was decidedly Soviet Union inspired in a comic-bookish sort of way, but less so than I thought. Actually, they struck a very good balance with their art -- anything more would have likely been over the top. The Cold War theme added just the right amount of ambiance without over doing it. The food was delivered by a pleasant girl who appeared to enjoy what she was doing and made us feel well at home. My charming companion's analysis of their serving staff pointed out that they too had a theme (or rather each came with a pair of significant themes). How do you say "Hooters" in Russian?Famished from a day of walking up and down the strip in 115 degree heat, we both ordered the BBQ bacon burger (not that we need an excuse to order a proper burger, mind you). Now I swore I would never diminish myself by typing "OMG" . . . but . . . OMG, these burgers were incredible. Neither the burger or fries were greasy, and the flavour was phenomenal. I haven't any fancy words to describe what we had, but simply stated, we loved it. All in all, it was a fantastic trip. The theme was fun and different, and the food was spectacular. To top it all off, the price was very reasonable for a restaurant on the Las Vegas Strip. I am sure we'll be coming back next time come to Vegas.
4	5 star food, 4 star service.The Stuffed Spicy burger will forever live in my top 5. The BUN was so soft and unique. You could tell it was handmade and freshly baked, almost a croissant-like texture. The meat was cooked just the way I like and the cheese was just gooey enough for me to ask for a couple extra napkins. The fried onions were crunchy and altogether had great spice; I loved the flavor. Even though my fries were a tad cold, I didn't care because I filled nearly every corner of my tummy with that burger!Just gotta add that my waiter was awesome and super helpful, but his little host friend was not doing her job. I watched him sit several hungry people while she was MIA this last Saturday. She could have been on break, but either way, it seemed lame to have an empty host stand, especially in a busy place like Vegas :P
2	I'm giving this place two stars only because the food seemed like it had potential and could have been good. Both my and my girlfriends burger were terrible. We asked for medium well and we both got burgers that were close to burnt on the outside, pink on the inside and almost raw in the very middle. For a gourmet burger joint, they should at least be able to cook a burger properly.  Fries were decent, but nothing special and the waitress seemed like we were more of a bother to her than a paying customer. We were so hungry that we just ate what we could, but it made us sick for the rest of thd day. In retrospect we should have just returned the food and gone someplace else. The ambiance of this place is also rather drab, nothing very upbeat about it for a vegas restaurant. At $35 for two very subpar burgers and fries, we will not be back.
3	We stopped here for a milkshake before heading off to a show. It seemed very disorganized when we got there. There was no one at the hostess station and several groups of people were sitting up there waiting. Finally a lady came and started seating people but some had left by this point. We were just having dessert so decided to sit at the ice bar in the back of restaurant by the kitchen. We were able to watch the cooks prepare the food and the burgers they were making looked great. There were a bunch of different vodkas sitting in holes that were made into the solid block of ice that was the bar top. It looked really cool.I decided to try the Captain Crunch milkshake and it was terrific. A big portion and enough to share. Service was kind of slow, but the food was good. I will come back and try one of their burgers maybe on my next visit. The shake was nice and thick and tasted just like a bowl of Captain Crunch. It was very nostalgic and whimsical. I thoroughly enjoyed eating it. Food wise this place is probably 4 stars, but the hostess issue and slow service forced me to knock a star off.
5	Great service, great selection of vodka, and the best burgers I have ever eaten. Seriously. The chicken sandwich is pretty amazing as well. So is the lamb burger.Every time I'm in Vegas its a struggle not to eat here many, many times.
4	KGB probably has the best selection of burgers that I have seen in all my trips to Vegas, there's something for everyone. The portions are large and they take it all seriously, everything seems to made from scratch and cooked to order.The decor of the place is a cartoonish theme of old Soviet propaganda posters which is a fun experience that gives the place a nice atmosphere. The drink list has some of their own drinks on it and they go along nicely with the food they serve.
4	We tried out KGB last night as part of a large group event. It was great! This is what we tried:-Crispy Shrimp-Fried Mac n Cheese (YUM!)-Buffalo Chicken Eggrolls-KGB Classic Sliders (DELISH)-Sweet Potato Tots-Red Velvet Mini Whoopie Pies-Raspberry MacaroonsIt was all great! The restaurant is casual with a fun vibe and servers are fabulous -- informative and friendly. We'll definitely be back to try the Vodka bar (and get more fried mac n cheese!)!
4	We stopped here on a whim while walking down the strip. Its located in the back by the escalator to the tram. The CapNcrunch shake was awesome. The mac and cheese sticks were good, but a little bland. If the cheese sauce that came with them was spicy it would have been perfect. Both of our burgers were great and cooked perfectly. This is a great buger and shake place and worth going through Harrahs to get to.
4	We were looking for a place to watch football NFL week 1 and the sports books were ridiculously busy and couldn't find a seat anywhere!! We stumbled upon this place in Harrah's and were pretty happy with it. The service was pretty good and they even changed the TV by the table to the Rams game for me! KGB Burger is the Celebrity Chef's Kerry Simon's  burger concept. We had the waffle fry nachos which were probably the best thing we had! Definitely order those!We also tried the sliders and a burger. The sliders were better than the burger, but the burger was still good. I was really disappointed because they put a sweet pickle on my burger and not a dill :( It was a good burger spot, but not the best... I would come back again.MY GO-TO DISH: Waffle fry nachos and sliders!
3	A burger restaurant and vodka bar with a Soviet Cold War theme? What's not to like here. Be sure to take a minute and look at their Russian decor and vodka display. I enjoyed the BBQ bacon burger with their homemade smoky flavored BBQ sauce, Gouda cheese, bacon, and onion straws. I had a side of tots which aren't anything special but really who can pass up any chance to try tater tots? Between the burger and tots I was too full to try one of their shakes but hopefully next time.It's a vodka bar so you have to try one of their cocktails. They cost a few rubles but welcome to Vegas. The Double Agent is a peach/melon flavored drink which was very enjoyable.I'll come back here and hopefully try a milkshake.
3	The food probably deserves 3.5 stars, but overall its a solid 3 star review.  I tried the fried pickles, which were good, not great.  I think the long cut deep fried pickles are not as good as the fried pickled chip in general.  My burger was huge, i got the double cheeseburger.  It was just a bit overcooked but still had pretty good flavor.  I like the buns they use and would like to try a more unique burger option next time.  It was the most expensive burger I've even had...the prices are just plain too high.
3	Today, I decided to stop in here on my lunch break.  Given that I work here in the casino.  I have always walked by here multiple times in a day.My coworker and I gotten hungry and came in.  We were quickly seated and given our menus.  I prefer to be fast since I am strapped for time.  The selection overall was very nice.  A few interesting items.  I have decided to with the lamb burger with a side of criss-cut cheese fries.  When the fries came out, OMG.. Pretty big.. I could have eaten that on my own without a main entree.  I realized that that dish needs to be eaten quick.  The cheese harden quite fast and it was an overkill.  Luckily, my lamb burger came out.  First bite was quite tasty.  Not too bad.  I have never had a lamb burger before so the taste was quite different.  The patty was not dry and came standard with the usual (lettuce, tomato, etc).  Service was a bit unusual to me.  Given I tend to drink lot of water when I eat, I never saw my server again until I was done eating.  At that time, I was ready for my check.  Place is spacious and open, you can see into the kitchen and watch people work.  There are a few TV's with games on.  Overall, I might try it again if I see a groupon deal again.
3	A buddy of mine was in town and staying at Harrah's on a screaming deal, so we decided to hit up KGB for lunch with his dining credit.  It was on a Wednesday right at noon, and the place was nearly dead.  It has a cool feel to it, kind of modern.  The kitchen is open to the restaurant, which was nice.  The chefs actually thanked us as we were leaving, which was appreciated.  We were approached immediately and our drinks were also brought promptly.  I had the Stuffed Spicy Burger, a juicy lucy type burger stuffed with jalapenos and jack cheese, topped with crispy fried onions and spicy mayo.  It's served on a cheddar jalapeno bun.  I loved this burger. Juicy, but all the toppings stayed inside the burger.  A juicy lucy can tend to explode, so that was nice that everything stayed put.  The bun was soft yet stood up to the toppings.  The burger didn't fall apart on me.  This was a 4 star burger.BUT, I didn't just have the burger.  We also had sides, which is why I gotta give KGB 3 stars.  The burgers come with fries, but I wanted tater tots and my buddy got onion rings.  The tots were a slight step up above those available at your local Sonic.  They weren't as greasy as fast food tots, but they did not appear to be homemade to me.  Same with the onion rings, the breading lacked flavor and they did not appear to be freshly made.  So, great burgers, but what appeared to me to be frozen side dishes.  This was surprising.  I'd return if someone visiting wants to eat here, but I would change my side order.  The burgers are so large, you don't really NEED the side order anyway, so maybe I would just get a burger alone next time.
4	The burgers are GOOD. Please note that I gave a capital good, but not a lower case great :P . I only went because of a 50 percent off groupon, and i'm glad i did. Since its in vegas though, its worth noting that relatively speaking, its a hellishly good/cheap meal.
3	I came here with my girlfriends  for  an after work  bite  armed with a  Groupon  in hand.  thank goodness i did because the food was quite pricey, and they don't offer a happy hour.The burgers are fun,  inspired and creative,  and we. really loved the  fried pickle spears as well ( reminiscent of elevated state fair fare) .  they do charge you for any  sauces you may want on the side,  which seemed a  bit petty to me. make sure you pick up a free  player's card before you dine  for discounted pricing.overall, we were extremely satisfied with the quality of the food. unfortunately,  our    authentic  Russian sever  Rada  was unpleasant and  rude in her demeanor ( cultural?),  and  it soured  the experience a  bit. overall the atmosphere and the food was good.  next time we'll just sit in another section.
1	I was not able to eat here, even though I had just purchased a Groupon and had psyched myself up by reading about the delicious-sounding food. Once I had made it to Harrah's, and found KGB, it did not appear to be open, even though I was there at noon on a Friday.  There was no signage, so I wondered around until I found someone to ask and they let me know that KGB was closed for several weeks, until around New Years.Not pleased...wish that this would have been noted at the Restaurant's website or at least at the Restaurant itself. I would advise contacting them before heading to KGB, to ensure that they are open.
4	Burgers were extremely good, cooked perfectly and a good size. Got the macaroni and cheese sticks, which were also very tasty. Only drawback was the price, expect to spend about forty dollars for two people.
1	Service was bad, no offer of second drink.., was definitely not gourmet.  Greasy burgers & heartburn.  Would not return for free dinner.
3	I don't know why in the movies all the female KGB agents either have big boobs and small waist or are otherwise built like male heavyweight bodybuilders.  Is it a good cop bad cop thing?  I don't know.I do know that Jennifer, my server, is built closer to the first description and was pretty attentive as well, without being overly suffocating.  She gave me helpful suggestions about what to order, puts the order in, delivers it and leave me alone to enjoy my food.  Besides that, I also know that ordering the Double Cheeseburger was a great idea, and very satisfying as far as burgers go in Las Vegas.  I ordered mine Double Cheeseburger cooked medium rare, and the kitchen staff prepared it nicely.  Even the side of fries that came with the order was tasty.  I unfortunately also learned that Kerry's special sliders are the worst sliders I have ever had in Las Vegas.  Food trucks served better sliders than the uncreative sliders you can but should definitely not order here.  The Captain Crunch Shake was decent, but I felt that it would be better if the cereal is blended into finer bits in my shake.Recap:Double Cheeseburger - if you are hungry, get this.  The fries are good, but paying $2 or 50% of what these fries or onion rings cost to substitute it is pretty lame.  But you might as well gouge the tourists and locals that ends up having a meal here while you have the opportunity.Sliders - the first one I tried tasted like the meat was going bad.  The after taste in my mouth was day and night difference compared to the all beef patties in my 2x Cheeseburger.  Plus with just a small piece of cheese and small slice of tomato in each slider, I am thinking I would probably enjoy a cheeseburger from Burger King more.Captain Crunch Shake - just vanilla ice cream blended with milk and the yellow Captain Crunch.  Not bad, but I will save the $6 and get something else to satisfy my sweet tooth in the future.Also, be sure to stop by and get yourself a Total Rewards card if you plan to dine here or the other Caesars properties.  Those $1 savings on each menu item here can rack up quickly to offset the taxes owe on your dining excursion.3 stars.  Would be higher, obviously, had I not been hungry enough to order them lousy sliders after happily polishing off the fantastic Double Cheeseburgers.
5	We tried this place out for a small bite to eat. Wish we would have eaten here for dinner. The waffle fry nachos were the most amazing appetizer I have ever eaten!    We also had the sliders and they were to die for! Way Better than the White Castle sliders! The service was great as well. Give it a try because it is worth it.
3	It is a good burger but its not worth the $$.  For 45 dollars for my wife and myself which included no drinks, 1 appetizer and 2 burgers its just too expensive for what you get.    Go to the oyster bar next door...now that place rocks it.
2	The burgers are insanely good but their food comes with a price. I don't believe in paying $14 for a generic Bloody Mary. The service is pretty standard, nothing amazing. It's very much "upper class" for the burgers you get but the atmosphere is kinda poor.
4	In Harrah's.  Service was good and the quick, but they don't serve it at the adjoining bar for some reason.  I ordered the Cobb burger topped with a Cobb salad.  Fries were good.  A good burger on the strip and fairly cheap.
3	I had the CALI CHICKEN BURGER ($14). Huge burger with a side a fries. It was good but nothing particularly special. Chicken was cooked pretty well and not dry.
4	Incredible burgers and $5 mimosas/bloody Mary's every day! One of the best deals in Vegas.Sliders were good, needed a little seasoning though. BBQ bacon burger was enough for 2 people!
3	Our last Vegas trip about 2 weeks ago we went to KGB burgers again. This time my daughter pasted on the spicy chix sandwich that was so hot she couldnt eat it (disclaimer please) spicy is one thing but ridiculously hot is another and we like spicy food. But we enjoyed the rest of our food very much, and this time was no different. Friendly staff fast service. The prices are a bit high for burgers, but the food is good, fresh & flavorful. I need to find a coupon for my next visit LOL.
4	Went to KGB burgers yesterday for the first  time. He insisted that KGB was the best Burger spot in Vegas. It was packed and the wait was a little long. But once we got seated and ordered the food came out quick. I got a regular cheeseburger off the menu, a little expensive $17 but I expected that being in Vegas and on the strip. The burger was amazing! Super soft bun, and the meat was perfectly cooked how I like it. It really was the best burger in Vegas....so far! I still have other spots to try. I paid for it with my total rewards card which was kinda cool as well. Wish the prices were lower but oh well. A better location would do this place justice for its tucked back in the harrahs. Walking through the harrahs sucked, that hotel needs a remodel compared to all the other resorts on the strip. Nonetheless, I will definitely try KGB Burgers again! Delicious!
4	Hands down the best hamburger ever-the stuffed spicy burger. It was flavorful, cooked perfectly and melted in our mouths. The captain crunch shake and fried homemade pickles topped it off. Giving it four stars because the service was slow, the waitress pass
3	Just okay. Not nearly as tasty as the great pictures. If you get a groupon, print it up BEFRE you get there cuz there is ZERO cell service in the restaurant and you won't be able to pull it up on your phone.
4	Great burgers!  Hotel is a bit run down, but food was great. Look for Groupon and get an even better deal.
2	Located inside Harrah's casino this burger joint has good burgers and milkshakes, they have a capt. crunch shake thats tasty. We also tried the waffle fry nachos which i would of been impressed w if it wasnt for the bbq beef from a tub you can get at your local grocery store typically made by Lloyd;s or Hormel. But not terrible  just not a fan of the tub or can meats unless i'm in a zombie apocalypse. They also have a liquor, beer, wine selection and the wait time wasn't bad they just need a pager type system instead of calling the names of folks, its a casino people are going to wonder off to play a slot machine and wont be able to hear their named called. we used a groupon $15 for $30 which was a good deal. The wait staff as friendly and helpful.
4	Loved it.  Waffle Fry Nachos were the best.  Sliders were solid, but my expectations were not too high.  They are safe order.  Also loved the Captain Crunch milkshake...but I am a Cap'n Crunch cereal fan, so it fit me to a tee.  Servings were good size.  Service was fast until I needed the bill.  I will be back to explore some more of the menu.
5	Huge Burgers! Decent Service. The burgers are very juicy and flavorful. They have great variety of burgers and the BBQ Bacon one is out of this world. Make sure you have a big enough mouth to take a bite out of them. They are beyond big. Very tasty! I truly dig this place!
4	Actually found this place on accident. The wait  to get seated was about 10 mins which was pretty good seeing how it was on a friday evening (around 7 pm) The place is pretty big we sat in the upper level they do have tv's there which usually shows sports no sound though they play pretty loud music. The burgers are pretty big and juicy the fries are perfect. The wait staff is real energetic and like to interact with their patrons. I have a huge appetite and I got full almost overly full.
3	Burgers are pretty good here.  I had lower expectations since it was inside Harrah's, but they delivered a nicely cooked and prepared burger.  The problem was the service.  The waiter kept avoiding us and it must have been 20 minutes before he brought over our water and only wanted to take our drink orders.  I asked for the manager, who waited on us the rest of our meal.  Food took forever.  It kind of ruin a nice burger.  Not sure if I'll be back unless the service is improved.  But how am I suppose to know that?
4	Very, very good burger. Enjoyed the sweet potato tater tots as well. Order the burger on sesame brioche, with Russian dressing, fresh jalapenos, and a fried egg. Make sure to ask for the egg over easy or they will overcook it. In my opinion, this place is better than Holsteins at the Cosmopolitan and Gordon Ramsay BurGr at Planet Hollywood. Although I do like the homemade fries and atmosphere at those two places better than KGB. However, if judging just on the burger, this is better.
4	AMAZING!!! Had a groupon and it was so very worth it, fun atmosphere and yummy yummy burgers. The service was fantastic and our waitress a delight!! Definitely coming back!
4	Sometimes there is nothing like a good cheeseburger and KGB's game through for us.  I ordered the jalapeno burger which had strips of jalapenos cooked right in the middle of the burger.  Also had onion strings.  Wife got a bacon cheeseburger which she enjoyed.  The buns were soft and shiny, almost like they had oil or butter on them.  We KILLED THEM!!!!  Fries were the thin kind and they were pretty good as well.  Our server was funny and attentive plus the atmosphere was cool and interesting.  Left with a happy gut full of food.
3	After wandering around the area trying to find something to eat, we happened upon KGB.  Overall, the experience was just okay.  I had the Southwest Burger, which was actually pretty tasty.  I also ordered the tator tots instead of the fries and aside from the fact that they were originally frozen, they were pretty good as well.  My husband, on the other hand, was not as impressed.  He ordered the Orchard turkey burger and the meat itself was a previously frozen patty.  Not sure how a place claiming to be "gourmet" can serve frozen food.  It's also pretty pricey.  So, if you're craving a burger, are in the area, and don't mind spending $15 for a burger that you may or may not consider gourmet, check it out.
5	We stumbled upon this place while roaming around Harrahs and to my surprise, was the best food I had while in Vegas!We ordered the Veggie Burger and it was outta this world fantastic. I only wished that I had known it had 2 garden burger patties on the burger cuz this thing is BIG enough to serve 2 people. The french fries and onion rings were cooked to perfection and the wait staff was attentive. Not much more to ask for.I'm still dreaming about this burger!
4	I'm a burger fan through and through, and this burger definitely hit the spot.I went with a spicy burger which was a one of a kind treat as they stuffed cheese and fresh jalopenos inside of it.  I've had a stuffed burger, but never like this where the jalopenos were cooked to a perfect sweet and spicy flavor with all of the burger juices.  The bun was great, the toppings were crisp and flavorful.  Even their fries had a good taste and texture.When in the area I wouldn't hesitate to go back here for another one.
5	I have put up two reviews in all the years I have been visiting yelp, (and the first was to criticize that too many people were using yelp ),  but i had their stuffed spicy jalapeno burger just now,.,.  and wow it was great ..   just spicy enough and a bun so good that  had me wondering if i could buy the buns by the 6 pack.
5	I LOVE this place, officially. I didn't even realize that they have a happy hour with their appetizers and drinks! My boyfriend and I have been  there twice and actually got the same waitress both times. She remembered that I'm vegetarian and even what burger I got the first time we went (The Southwest). If you like a little spice and a MASSIVE burger, I would definitely recommend the Southwest. And If you like pickles, try their deep fried dill spears. The Mac-N-Cheese sticks were alright, not too flavorful. The waffle fries were devine... So filling though, so I wouldn't recommend more than one appetizer!I got the American Standard the second time around and just replaced the beef patty with a vegetarian patty. It was classic! So good with the shaved onion slices and perfect amount of mayo.I am drooling right now, thinking about all of this.Don't forget the Capn Crunch shake.... SO good and so satisfying! ;DI can't wait to go back, it's just not the cheapest place out there! Worth the money though.
4	BBQ cheese burger was really good along with the service. Menu isn't to big but food was good so I'd recommend
2	We found a groupon for this place and figured we would try it. The four of us made an adventure up the strip to Harrah's and by the time we found KGB we were starving. The hostess didn't even show up to the front until 5 minutes after I had been standing there. Then, we were told it would be a 10 minute wait. 20 minutes later we were finally seated. The previous check and tip were still sitting on the table. Our waitress came and took our order and didn't even realize that it was just sitting there. Ten minutes later she walked by and we finally told her and handed it to her, no thank you or any sign of appreciation. I've never had a server with such little personality, ever. The entire time we were never asked if we needed anything else to drink and after 30 minutes a runner brought us our food. He was nice enough to refill our waters, thankfully. The food was delicious. I had the chicken cali, but the rest of the group had burgers. Everyone was extremely happy with the meal, but the service was absolutely awful. I will never go back here or recommend that anyone go because of the service, but the food is great.
5	Completely stumbled upon KGB while strolling around Harrah's.  It was 8 pm on a Friday night. We were greeted and seated immediately. I liked the "patio" seating right at the front door so you could people watch.   The waitress was on the ball and our order arrived in a decent time frame.  My husband and I split one of their 1/2 lb burgers and fries.  Plenty of food for two.  (Side note:  there was a $2 split charge on the bill.  Thought that was a bit chintzy but the food presentation was great. Much better than if we'd gone yat the burger with a knife at the table.)  We did each get a shake which arrived in glasses with the leftovers in the aluminum shake mixing machine glasses for a real old fashioned feel.  In short, the food and shakes are terrific.  We are locals so we will definitely be returning soon.
5	Ordered the lamb burger and sweet potato tots  we also had Mac n cheese sticks and deep fried pickles. Everything was delicious.   Our server Monique was great!
2	Just a burger, nothing gourmet out it cause it was no where to be found. Decided we wanted a burger and tried it. They could not even cook it to order. Ordered 2 burgers, fries, milk shake and beer for $47 not worth it.
4	I saw this place online, and noticed they have a Burger of the Month, and the burger for March was a beef patty melt with American and Gouda cheese, sauteed onions and mushrooms smothered in BBQ sauce on what looked like Texas Toast. "We need to go there" My only true demand for this Vegas trip.I was pleasantly surprised to find out that KGB is not only a Burger Bar, but a Vodka Bar as well. Interesting, Vodka is my favorite toxin. Here's where they lose a star...The service was a little confused and untrained. I ordered a Moscow Mule and they ran around frantically trying to find out what I was ordering. You would've thought I asked for the combination to the safe... I think our server was new, so in her defense, she tried. I almost went Gerard Butler in 300 on her..."This...Is...VEGAS!" but no. I remained calm. After two servers and obviously the bartender could not decode the mystery of my order I determined that Las Vegas bartenders have no idea wtf I am talking about when I order the Mule. (this happened at PH too) Nevermind then. I made it simple and ordered a Soviet. It's Stoli on the rocks with Vermouth. Tasted like I make them at home... not what i expected.But um back to the matter at hand. My friend went with the Southwest Burger and she enjoyed that thoroughly. She's a petite one, and bless her for battling with this behemoth of meat, pepper jack, avocado slices, spicy avocado cream, lime soaked chili peppers on an Onion bun. It was huge and delicious. Tater tots were ok, but not as much flavor as I hoped for, the fries were a little better. My burger was good (3.5), but not as delicious as the Southwestern (5). Maybe they are better at perfecting the items that do not rotate off the menu. Makes sense in hindsight. IF I visit this place again, I would try a regular burger, and pair it with one of the beers they have on tap for $3.  That's only if I don't stop at the Oyster Bar next door first.
5	We have been here twice. It is a great place to eat. The burgers are the best on the strip! We will continue to go to KGB every time we are in Las Vegas. Highly recommend!
3	I've been here three times but not because I love the place.  I like it just fine but I wouldn't rave about it to anyone.  The reason I have been here three times is because I bought Groupons.  I like a good deal and to save money. Not ashamed to admit this.  :-)For burgers and fries, which is what you're going here for, the prices are a bit steep. It's to be expected what with the place being located in a major casino on the Strip and having a celebrity chef's name attached to it.  Without the Groupons, I would not come here.  Just couldn't justify spending the money for what is good, but pedestrian food.  The highlight of the place are the sweet potato tots.  I really like those.Also, if you are coming here and live in Vegas like I do, you know venturing to the Strip and parking can be hellish.  This place being located in Harrahs is no exception.Service has been pretty much on point each time.
2	As recommended and as far as reviews were concerned, my husband and I went to try it @ the Harras hotel. Angus beef as they said must be very good . We ordered one of those spicy burgers and told the server to cut it into half bcos we're not really so hungry. It was not a good as expected. Anyway ..paying time now so we asked for the check and oh my!!! Just for cutting our burgers into 2 we were charged for $5.  Wth! We should have ordered another one . Or we should have just gone somewhere worth the  money.
1	Service was awful we went for happy hour. We got 1 beer  a burger to share and an appetizer, never saw our waiter again till he brought the bill.    Which was to bad as the burger was cold, cheese was just sitting on the meat, not even a tad melted. We ordered the meat medium, but it was pretty raw!  We each had a bite and left it!  When the waiter brought the bill, we said it would have been nice to have another drink he said, well I have a party of 10.  That isn't our fault, get him help! We won't go back!!! Oh and when the waiter heard we were sharing food he insisted on cutting it in half for us, then charged us for it! AWFUL place don't waste your time, hit the hot dog place outside Quad or something!
1	Very disappointing. Chose this place over many other burger joints. Will never be back.  Waffle cut nachos. Greasy and bland are the two words that come to mind.  Was kinda like when you and your brother made nachos.  Just add everything till there is no more room.  The short ribs could be better described as short "fat" meat.  Left most of it on the plate.  Hamburgers were Boring.  Left two of the four sliders on the plate.   The food made me want to start my diet.  If this guy is a celebrity chef he has got to stop hanging out with Kathy Griffith.
4	I had a very good burger here.  They have a bunch of pre-selected burger combos plus you can make your own from their pretty extensive list of options/toppings.  I ended up creating a monster that could only be eaten with a knife and fork.They also let you choose a salad as your side, unlike most places that force you into fries or the like.The one thing that keeps this from being a five-star review is that they brought the burger out over-cooked.  They say they cook to order, and I asked for medium rare, but got medium well.  Nobody wants to eat dry over-cooked meat, and although it wasn't terrible, it doesn't rise to excellent either.
4	For the updated review, the burgers are still awesome, in fact, the whole meal was good. The only reason this wasn't a 5 star review was the service.Anyway, it's still worth it. One of the best burgers on a The Strip!
5	With great service, good drinks, and one of the best burgers I've ever had, this place is a must visit for anyone.
3	I really wanted tacos of some sort.  I came here even though they were a burger place. Don't ask me why!  Well, service was stellar and everyone was very speedy and nice.  Unfortunately, the bartender wasn't so great!  My gimlet tasted like premixed sourness, but my meal, the chicken tacos were quite delicious.If you are here and you want to try something new get their chicken roti tacos:All natural chipotle chicken, shredded lettuce, pico de gallo, cilantro, avocado creme fraiche.  They are on roti bread which is fun take on the tortilla taco!  Loved them!Also, the server said if you come back you get 50% with your receipt (including drinks).  SCORE!
3	We went here twice over the weekend, unfortunately we got the same rude waitress both times.  Night one: The food was tasty, no complaints from our party of 7 on food. The water was disgusting, one girl described it as dirty pool water; so get something else to drink. Biscuits and gravy were delicious.  Our waitress was an older woman working the weekend 3 am shift, not very friendly.Night two: I went with 2 others for after drinking appetizers and the same waitress was rude, and seemed to be frustrated and mad that we weren't buying more.Let me say that overall the restraunt had good food, but the server stinks. We are all normally good/great tippers and she missed out.
4	Great food and service has improved since we came last year. Seemed pretty slow, but maybe it gets busier later in the evening. You must try the waffle fry nachos & Mac n cheese sticks! The fried pickles are okay, but they do the pickle spears instead of the chips so the don't get as crispy as some others I've had at other restaurants. If you've been here before and had horrible service, please give it another try...you may be pleasantly surprised! Cassie was great as a server, BTW!
4	Boyfriend and I split the Double bacon cheeseburger and fried Mac n cheese. Great decision we are stuffed and it was all delicious! Our friends all got the sweet potatoes tots... We stole most of them :) and I don't even like sweet potatoes or sweet potato fries. Only downfalls were the Mac n cheese appetizer was brought out with our burger. Fried tasted like mcdonalds. And waitress messed up on our tabs. Still great experience and highly recommend. Now time to win some money in the casino!
5	Good food! I had the bacon cheeseburger and it was delicious. It had onion crisps as the regular onions and it was maxing because it tasted like tiny onion rings in each bite. Also, great customer service! I highly recommend Zach!
3	Met a group of people to eat here.  The service was ok....a little slow and the waitress was kinda impatient. I ordered the Waffle Fries Nachos topped with the Short Ribs Sloppy Joe minus the onion and pico on the side.  It was a big portion, so I was unable to eat it all, but it was good.  Kinda felt like it was missing something, so I got a side of ranch for dipping, which made it better. The lady next to me ordered the Vanilla Bean Malt, which I took a picture of because it was so pretty, but did not taste. I might come back with a group of people, but this is not on my immediate list of returns.
5	Had breakfast at KGB.  Service was great, friendly smiling staff, made us feel welcome.  Food was very good, especially for the price.  Had corned beef hash with poached eggs.  Hash had nice crust, eggs poached perfectly.  The little hash brown potato pancake things are very tasty, and mine were cooked very well.  Orange juice was enormous.  I have nothing but good things to say about breakfast here.
2	There was nothing special about my burger it was Denny's quality food and extremely slow service, they seemed understaffed - better off going to the buffet
2	Did not come in here with high expectations and I was right. Ordered the mac and cheese sticks and the BBQ bacon burger. Nothing tasted fresh. The mac and cheese sticks were overbreaded and lacked flavor. The burger was big but did not stand out to me. Tasted like a burger I could get in any diner across America. Service was friendly, but slow. Don't get me wrong. I like the concept of the restaurant (has some cool Soviet graphics) and the food is edible. This may also be one of the better spots in Harrahs. This is Vegas after all though, and you can definitely find something more special elsewhere.
4	We came here for lunch. I got cheddar cheeseburger, just plain old cheddar cheeseburger. OMG!! It turned out to be one of the best cheeseburger I have ever had. The way cheese melted on the burger was surprisingly interesting. My partner got southwestern burger. He said it was delicious. The service was good. I would definitely not recommend this restaurant for children, due to the wait staff dress code. I would definitely eat here again.
2	Awful. tenders were fast food level. Burger was diner chain level. little to no flavor and the server recommended both to us. yuck. atmosphere was not fully there. all the stuff going on seemed lazily done and sort of in poor taste. If you're gonna be risque then make sure you go big with it..
3	It was alright.Didn't have the highest expectations coming in here, but the food was fine and the service was fine. I had the Southwest burger and had asked for it MR, but it came out more like a MW.But I wasn't too concerned about that. The burger was seasoned fine.Our server did ask us how I wanted my fried egg cooked though, that was odd.My dad got the Cali Chicken sandwich and that was alright. The chicken was dry and it could have used a lot more salt.Luckily, my dad had a $20 comp voucher and it weakened the bill. The original price for the food was not worth it, but the voucher made it look a lot more reasonable.
2	My sis was having some strong burger cravings so we did a little bit of internet research and decided to go to KGB burger.  We were staying in the Palazzo and there is an I Love Burgers right on the premise BUT based on the reviews online we decided to make the trek (not to far) to Harrahs to try KGB.  Honestly, I have had better.  The food was just OK.  Nothing special.  Even the fries weren't all that.  The burgers had a sort of chargrilled flavor, like Burger King.  My sister HATES chargrilled burgers.  I"m cool with them.  But the flavor wasn't all that.  The service at KGB was good.  Our waitress was nice and helpful with the menu items and Harland (I believe a manager) was great.  He actually ran our food out to us and even made some suggestions for our Vegas vacation.The 2 stars is just for the food.Turns out, later that evening we needed something quick and decided to give I Love Burgers a try.  Really loved it!! I was much happier with I Love Burgers.  The flavor and the ingredients were far superior to KGB.YEP we had hamburgers and fries twice in one day.  Hey, it's Vegas...
3	Decent bar food. Actually enjoyed the fried pickles very much. We ordered their famous sliders and it was not that bad. I did have to add mustard to it, in order to get more flavor out of the burger. The patty itself was nice and moist. The drink are not poured hard, but they give you an option to add an extra shot. That is exactly what I did. We tried going there a second time at the end of the night, because it was one of the only places open at this hotel and we failed. If you get take out, they charge you extra. We tried sitting down on a table, but got no service for ten minutes. So we just walked up and left. Had some Starbucks breakfast sandwiches instead!
5	First timer! Food was perfect and our server (Zach)  was friendly, on point, knowledgeable and patient. Thanks for a great experience, I will be back!
5	Best burger I ever had. That is saying a lot since I ordered the turkey burger!  Would recommend to anyone.
5	Stuffed spicy burger is great. The waffle fry nachos with the sloppy joe short rib meat is excellent and a must.
3	Average food, good service.  Interesting and fun theme. Skip the mac and cheese bites,  though they sound enticing, they are bland and flavorless. Pay the extra dollar or two for the waffle fries, the regular ones are pretty bland and taste like they're from your average drive thru. Burgers are good, but for the price they're nothing to rave about.
5	OMG! Amazing! All burgers taste the same? I think not! You must try these burgers! The buns, fresh tomatoes, lettuce, onions and finally the grounded meat used seem to blissfully combine and create a symphony of flavour, the seasoning in the meat was superb! I used no ketchup or any other sauces in it, no need I wanted to taste  the meat and everything else being held in my fingers while I was eating this master piece. Try it! Trust me it's a five star burger! Btw this place is open 24 hrs. Go there!
4	Great service , good food the burger kinda gave me the bubble guts a little but that's why that warning is all over Vegas I guess. I love coffee after a meal, sorry tea fans and I was given a cup with my wife and after we finished and Payed our bill they gave us a pot of free coffee. So four stars on the service alone nice woman who served us at 12pm on Tuesday for two and gave us a both, Thank you.
4	Very good burgers and I've been a few times since in las vegas. The lamb burger is my favorite but everything is always very good. The shakes are some of the best in town as well. The service was a bit slow the last time I went but still a very solid place to have a burger.
4	I've been here before for dinner, just ok. I was in Vegas a couple weeks ago and was dying for the steak and egg special at 6am at the coffee shop. Boooo it's closed to for renovations. I want to KGB and ordered the same thing. I asked the waitress about the higher price, she said it's worth it. YES, it is $14, but man you get a big piece of NY steak with a good helping of eggs and potatoes. It's enough to split with someone else and so good. They start serving it after. 5:30am for those of you drunkin fools still up and hungry.Hope that helps,Mike
1	Unbelievable service. The manager tried to swindle me and convince me that a medium burger was rare. The food is okay, but you're going to notice a couple of people send their food back because they can't seem to get their orders straight.
4	We stayed at Harris so it made sense to buy the groupon for $20 for $40 for dinner for 4. Well I was hungover and I was looking for carbs and something greasy, so I thought this place would be my best bet to cure my hangover. Even though the groupon was for dinner, they allowed our party of 4 to use it for lunch. Perfect!I ordered the BBQ cheesebuger and its was so yummy and so were the french fries. My BF devoured his Kobe burger. I loved the concept of this place and all the cool pinup girl graphics, so cool!Our waitress was super nice, I dont remember her name but she was from long beach like us and brought out my sister a birthday shot! All in all, we had a great experience. The burgers were good, not to the same standards as an Umami burger but still very good.
1	We heard good things about this place, so we decided to try it. We were very disappointed.First off, the service was terrible. There was one waiter waiting on a lot of tables, including several groups. Our waiter was apologizing to every table he helped. It took a long time to place our order and get drink refills.The food wasn't any better. Our burgers were over cooked and dry. The French fries were crispy and almost too hard to eat.The only good thing was the milkshake, which was delicious. If you want a good burger in Vegas, there are way better places to go.
1	I had the eggs benedict. Worst I've ever had. The service was slow and the food was expensive.
3	This place was alright. Burgers didn't really stand out for me, it could have been better. Decent size portions. It didn't live up to my expectation. I would suggest buying it from groupon when they have the deal. Not really worth payign the full price. I'll probably give this place another try, maybe.
3	Stopped by to grab some grub since it was the only thing near the hotel that seemed like a decent idea. It was definitely not worth the money I paid. The tots were delicious and totally worth it (but then again I freaking love sweet potato tots and fries etc). The service was quick and the staff was nice, but if you have a choice, go somewhere else.
5	Yes. The Kobe burger is honestly the best burger I have ever had, and I have had a lot of good burgers! If you want to experience something truly wonderful in Vegas, order the Kobe burger!
4	I experienced yet another fine burger place in Vegas for the first time, and KGB was it.My group of four began with great Waffle Fries Nachos, which included Short Ribs and ultra-hot Jalapenos, and was almost a meal in itself.  There was very nice balance to an American Burger, consisting of a medium-rare beef patty weighing about 3/4 of a pound, lettuce, onions, tomato, pickles, and a melting slice of American Cheese.  This was an excellent cheesy Cheeseburger!My burger was enhanced by light and heavenly crisp Tater Tots, and Skin-on Fries were good except for tasting too salty.  Fried Pickles were hot and juicy, with light batter covering an entire spear.  O-Rings were thin and hard but tasty nevertheless.  And although my burger was prepared perfectly medium rare as ordered, Diane's requested medium rare Cheddar Burger actually arrived medium.  Service was very good and attentive.  The KGB Russian spy theme seemed odd to me for a casual burger joint, but the room's decor is colorful and eye catching, and seating was comfortable.4-1/2 stars overall!
1	One star. I probably ordered the wrong thing in eggs and New York strip. The medium steal was super well done. Sent it back and it was rare to raw. They put it back on the fire and back to well done. Potatoes were cold and service was lousy. Was pretty empty and a fair amount of staff for late night. Lots of other places, this one is a fail!
5	This places deserves 5 stars! Amazing gourmet burgers with yummy fries! The size of the meals are huge! Def get your value for money. Service cannot be faulted. Recommend!!
4	There a million ways to make a burger and several more to screw it up! KGB MAKES THEM GOOD!We started will the fried Mac and Cheese sticks- yes, there's actually a way to make mac and cheese even more unhealthy for you.We each had burgers- the Kobe American (a tasty patty with grilled cherry tomatoes and Carmelites onions), a The Cheese Cheeseburger (a patty cooked in a grilled envelope of cheese), and a make your own (patty, fried egg, and bacon).We finished the meal by sharing the Captain Crunch milkshake.Our waiter, Zach, was very engaging and attentive. Great service.
3	Burger was OK. Ordered it medium. Was told that meant if would be very pink. Ended up getting a well done burger with no pink whatsoever. Ate it anyway because I was starving. Fries were over salty to insane levels. But the service was exceptional.
1	I eat bacon cheese burgers, if I come to your town I'm gonna find a bacon cheese burger and savor it. Here at KGB I couldn't taste the meat, no really, the meat had no taste at all. I ate about half, paid my 22 dollars for the burger and shake, which was not good either btw, left a decent tip cause it wasn't her fault and left angry. Maybe it was a bad night, or somethin, I will not return.
4	Dined here for lunch. The Rolling Stone magazine dubbed Chef Kerry Simon the "Rock 'n Roll Chef".  I ordered the Burger Cobb salad.  It was made with Romaine lettuce, a mini burger patty, bacon, egg, avocado, green onion, tomato, thousand island dressing or dressing of choice.  $11 for Harrah's rewards card holders, or $12 without.  The salad was pretty good.  The mini burger was full of flavor and really made this salad delicious.  It left me wishing I had a full sized burger on that salad.  The burger was truly the best part of the salad.  If you're hungry I'd suggest asking to substitute a regular sized burger for the mini.  The service was a bit on the slower side.  It took a while to get the check and we were on a schedule because we had tickets for a show.  You're gonna laugh because our waitress was a bit on the snobby side but I couldn't tell if that was all part of the KGB act or if she really was that way (From Russia with tough love) I'm going to guess that it was a little of both.  The uniforms were stylish, sort of a Boris and Natasha kinda thing. It's a pretty cool place to eat but as to be expected a bit on the pricey side.  Other family members ordered Salmon which they said was okay but not fantastic, and others ordered burgers and fries.  The burgers were well liked and a great reason to come back,  but the fries were nothing to be remembered.
1	Service sucks! Front reception RUDE! Over seat their servers so the service is slow! Terrible experience
2	Used to eat here more - went last a month ago or so - with the revamp they are doing in Harrah's the normal breakfast/lunch/dinner restaurant is being remodeled and KGB is the overflow. Very slow service, incorrect orders - will not be back.
5	First time here even though we have walked by it on all our trips to Vegas, I was craving a burger, what else is new, I know, but as we were being taken to our table I noticed a woman was eating a chicken sandwich, it looked good and it so was. I ordered a Cali Chicken, the chicken was moist and cooked perfectly, with very good flavors. I opted out on the bean sprouts and asked for lettuce instead, my bf ordered a double  bacon cheese burger with bbq instead in the Russian spread and he loved it. The staff was very friendly, the place is very clean and the servers are very attentive. Our servers name is Frank and he was very attentive to all his tables. We will definitely be coming back again. Oh and the table next to us ordered an orange float, that looked so yummy, if I wasn't stuffed I would have ordered one to go.
4	I really liked this place. The burgers are on point, the fries are kinda meh just your average fry. They have lots if different choices for burgers. I am a simple cheeseburger kinda gal and they didn't disappoint. I also had to order the captain crunch milk shake it was everything I wanted it to be. The ambiance was awesome...totally eighties rock hits really took me back to my wasted youth :) the artwork was also pretty rock n roll. The service was good. I would go back for sure.
2	My husband and I came here to try their burger and shake. The vanilla malt shake was very good, but the burger was disappointing. We ordered a build your own burger, with brioche and Kobe beef. The beef was not as marbled as expected for Kobe beef. The texture was so so; I asked if they grind their own meat and they don't. They bought patties from suppliers. I guess that explained why it doesn't taste outstandingly. We are actually surprised that a celebrity chef owned burger joint doesn't grind their own meat. The service was good, but the burger was not something we want for a second time. We actually even think the beef patty at cheeburger cheeburger tastes better than the beef patty here. So we wouldn't come back. One try is enough.
5	Took my parents who were in from NJ last night, GREAT burger and Shakes.  One of the Chefs, Reggie came out and touched the table to see how everything was.  Really nice touch.  He and the staff genuinely cared.  If you want an excellent American burger this is the spot////////
4	Really good service. I beat the rush to be seated so it didn't take long to get service and food. Beer selection was a bit limited but I found an IPA that i hadn't had before. It was good (and of course, I don't remember the name of the IPA now). The fries are really good and highly recommended.
5	Super good burgers. Not to mention the chef Juan came out personally and was so cool! Definitely recommended if your over here.
1	Walked all the way here cause it says its open and get there to see its closed ! Dont trust the hours
4	Amazing burger...you can definitely taste the quality in the meat! Special shout out to the hostess Yanery (spelled correctly) is a beast! She was everywhere, running foos, sweeping, seating, taking drink orders!!! Definitely needs a promotion! Her service made my great burger absolutely phenomenal!! Thanks KGB'S!
4	Hubby and I stopped in for a quick bite. It's not very often that we both order the same thing so tonight was an exception. The short rib barbecue with coleslaw was very good. It is served with fries or you can up order to onion rings for $2 more. Hubby also enjoyed a vanilla milkshake which he declared pretty good, which is high praise in his vocabulary.
5	I love the spicy cheese burger and they make it with lettuce without buns and their drink sweet and sour vodka drink Proletariat Gimlet was good..!And service is always desent..!We at least come here at least once when we are here in Vegas..!
5	Very tasty burgers. Great fries, great slaw, and the best milkshake I've ever had in my life. Viva Las Vegas!
