5	"When the moon hits your eye, like a big pizza pie"the pizzas son delicioso!  The crust has a soft inside but a crispy outside. By far the best pizza I've ever had!
4	Restaurant/bar that used to be a church.  Mmm... sacrilicious.miss l's review is right on - beer is pretty tasty, the spinach/cheese artichoke dip is great, i don't think i had anything else to eat.... i'm sure locals come here somewhat regularly but def. the kind of novelty place you're sure to find visitors esp. on weekends.  like me.
5	Great place. Great atmosphere. Great beer. Okay, the food is good or very good, not great, but the pizza - Great. I never believed I would like a pizza with cheese and sauce only. No other toppings. Very strange for me, but I LOVE it here. The crust is exceptional. And remember, the other food is very good, also. Don't forget the outdoor dining area and the gorgeous bar. The wait staff has always been very friendly and helpful. All first time visitors should try the sampling of beers.
2	not to be a pooper, but this place was not all it was cracked up to be. the ambiance is fantastic. i mean come one, a brew/pub in a church?? who wouldn't love that? (cept for those ... well you know...). the beer was good, but i thought the food was way too overpriced for what it was. maybe it was the nausea and lightheadedness from several days of long hours in a studio... but shoudln't that make food and beer extra tasty?overall, i'm glad i didn't miss it, but i don't think i would ever go back.
5	umm, a beer hall in a church?that's even better then a club in a church:  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_LimelightInteresting choices of beer, great pizza, and a decent menu of dinner choices.
5	Good Beer and Good Pirogies, what else could a connoisseur want? Having this all in an old church makes it that much better. Whenever I'm in da Burgh I make it a point to stop here. Just go there, you won't be disappointed.
5	This one rates pretty high on my list.....It has some of the best atmosphere of all time.  Yeah, there are huge beer vats where the alter and crucifix used to be.  The holy water is still there.  You can dine in a pew.  The bar is set up right outside the confessional (remind me to throw in another Act of Contrition, it's only been about 10 years since my last confession).  AND if that's not enough, the beer is actually tasty and the food is surprisingly much more creative than the usual pub fare.  They even throw in a couple of Burgh favorites, like the pierogie.  I really want to go back, but don't have many reasons to venture to Pittsburgh.......
4	I'm from Seattle so I know good beer and Church Brew Works has great beer. Food was really good too and the atmosphere is aweseome.
4	Summer of '02. I don't know if it was planned but Al Roker's Microbrewery special was filming there. I was eating and drinking and the film crew stopped by and asked me a question. "How does it feel to drink in a church" and I replied "I'm not religious so it doesn't bother me". National TV and I couldn't think of anything clever. Looking back I should've said "god wants you to get wasted", which still isn't clever.I was on TV one other time at a beer event in Chicago. They asked me how I was and I yelled "I love Germans!" It was a german beer festival.
4	This place is simply amazing. Our party of five ate on the pub side since there was a longer wait for the fancy side. We feasted on puffy pierogies, meaty wings and such fantastic pizza. For a drink, I had a soda (I believe it was brewed there) with vodka which was a good choice for me since I don't drink beer. This place is a bit pricey, but you've got to think about the costs that you rack up when you set up shop IN A CHURCH! Super Holy Hell, I will definitely come back to this place the next time I'm in PGH! I was actually bummed that Zachary wasn't with me because this place would have blown him away!
4	On a recent trip to Pittsburgh this was the first place my friends took me, and I loved it!  It really gave me an awesome first impression of how unique and interesting the 'Burgh really is.The Church Brew Works is actually an old church-- amazing!  The microbrewing equipment is right on the altar!  So irreverent, much to my delight!  We were seated in a section where I'm sure pews used to be, and had lovely views of the original stained-glass windows and open cathedral architecture.The beer was really great-- I tried a dark wheat and an amber, both really excellent.  We had pirogies, which seem to be popular around the area, and they were really excellent.  I then moved onto a pasta dish with different veggies in a light tomato sauce which was really great too.Definitely check this place out!  And Pittsburgh natives, bring your friends here when they come to town!!
4	The beer is great.  The location is amazing.  The atmosphere is the best around.  There are huge, shiny, copper beer casks on the altar, as if to offer their delicious beer to the gods.   Or something. The pierogies are delicious.  The rest of the food is hit or miss, but when it hits it is great.And of course, it's a brewpub in a church, which makes it memorable, hilarious, and fun.
2	Its an Interesting location. The food was quite average. the service was good and friendly. They also had their own brew. I tried the sampler and I thought the stout sucked.Its an ok place.
1	Shitty.  I stopped by at midnight on a Saturday and was surprised to find an almost empty church.  Although technically open till 1am, our server made it pretty clear that they did not want to deal with customers anymore.  We ordered a beer each, all of which were pretty good but not exceptional.  Overall we felt very unwelcome, and were appalled at the rude service.  Maybe it was just a bad night, but I was far from impressed.
4	This is a great place to bring visitors from out of town.  The ambiance is most excellent and the food is not too bad.  I like the lunch menu better than the dinner menu.  Lunch is a bit more affordable and they usually have some interesting specials on the menu. I'm not much of a beer connoisseur, so I can't review that end.  However, I am surprised that they do not have bigger tv's in the bar area.  I was once there during a Steelers game and could hardly see the screen from the dining room!They also have a few good vegetarian options as well, with a more vegetarian friendly lunch menu than dinner.
5	Holy crap people....this is a brewery in a church.  Like literally a church.  They still have the basin for the holy water in the vestibule.  The pizza was fine and the buffalo tenders were decent.  And to be honest, I've had better been in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.  BUT THE BREW TANKS ARE ON THE ALTER, FOR CHRISSAKES.  This place could serve dog crap, and it would rate 5 stars just for the ability to tell your wife you're going to church on Sunday and not be lying.  They don't try that hard with the service, but then again they don't have to.  If you still have questions about why this place is cool, you must have lived in a home with a lot of lead-based paint.  God wants you to drink here.
5	The atmosphere is wonderful...I mean, where else are you going to see beer brewing on an altar, and a bar in the confessionals? The perogies are awesome, and that's high praise from someone from the south who didn't even know what a perogie was till a few months ago.
1	Truly bad food.  I hear the pizza might be edible.  Atmosphere is cool, though, no kidding.  Maybe go for beers.
4	Great food, great beer ... and in a church.  Loved this place.
5	I have only eaten here once.  I loved it.  I had a spicy artichoke pasta.  It was a vegetarian dish.  I have been meaning to go back, I love the atmosphere
5	Water into BeerOn the third day a wedding took place at Cana in Galilee. Jesus' mother was there and Jesus and His disciples had also been invited to the wedding. When the beer was gone, Jesus' mother said to Him, "They have no more beer." "Dear woman, why do you involve me," Jesus replied, "My time has not yet come." His mother said to the servants, "Do whatever He tells you."Nearby stood six stone water jars, the kind the Jews use for ceremonial washing, each holding from 20 to 30 gallons. Jesus said to the servants, "Fill the jars with water," so they filled them to the brim. Then He said to them, "Now draw some out and take it to the master of the banquet."They did so and the master of the banquet tasted the water that had been turned into Beer. He did not realize where it had come from although the servants who had drawn the water knew. Then he called the bridegroom aside and said, "Everyone brings out the India Pale Ale first and then the Pale Blue Ribbon after the guests have had too much to drink, but you have saved the best till now."This, the first of his miraculous signs, Jesus performed in Cana of Galilee. He thus revealed His Glory and the disciples put their faith in Him. (John 2:1-11)
4	I'm not a beer drinker, so I can't comment on the beer.  Great conversational location with its being located in a church.  Really neat place to take someone from out of town.I've never had anything other than their brick oven pizzas, which are excellent with the combinations available.  I also love the hot Gouda cheese dip with pita bread appetizer.
5	One of the top 10 microbreweries in the US, and its a great place to go even IF beer isn't your thing.  All kinds of creative different kinds of pizza and Pittsburgh favorite dishes--all really tasty.  And the atmosphere is awesome.  It's such a gorgeous space to eat a meal.
3	The beer is great. The service is sometimes good, sometimes not so much. The room is lovely. The food is meh. I've been here at least 4 times and the food has never been more than just adequate. I think the menu ideas  are interesting, but execution is generally a problem. The unique pierogies aren't very good. They don't even wrap them in pierogy dough, but rather wonton wrappers. I'm still waiting for Pittsburgh to prove themselves as the world capital of pierogies. Basically I wouldn't go here for dinner, but drinks and snacks. The brie with figs and port reduction goes well with beer.
5	Ok, this place has such a mix of reviews that I know they can't be all true. Come on, give me a break. If I hadn't eaten here on numerous occasions, I wouldn't know what to think. Some days the beer is fantastic and some days it sucks? I think NOT!  I think that the ups and downs noted are just a matter of individual taste . . . or perhaps, lack of.I say . . .go try it for yourself.The fact that it is a restaurant and brew works that has been put in an old church is worth the trip alone. Worth it just to see what can be done with a great old building and a little imagination.Try the beer. Have lunch or dinner. See what you think. Don't let a few misguided souls scare you off. I've usually found that when a place has so many reviews that are so across the board it is because some folks get out of their comfort zone . . . they begin to get uncomfortable when things deviate. Or when you put them in a church.Well, I'm here to tell you that good food comes in all sorts of shapes & colors & flavors. Of course, so does bad,  But the one thing I know is that . . .  it can't be both. Which review to believe?  None! Go try it for yourself!So my vote is for 5 stars. I have never been disappointed in the food or the service . . . and by jove, the atmosphere is as close to heaven as you are going to get in a Brew Works!
5	This was always a "must see" when I had visitors in town.  I never loved the food, but the atmosphere is what makes it.  Oh... and the beer.  So this was a must stop for a night cap with co-workers while back in town for work.  I love all the ales - the amber I had last night was very hoppy with a good bite. Being catholic, I always kind of feel a little sinful here, which is very thrilling!
5	Just as Soba is THE place for a cozy cocktail + conversation combo, CBW is THE place for party pitchers + pizza pleas-ahhh.Many, MANY a happy drunken night spent at CBW. Fabulous micro-brews (really, really delicious) + great wait staff (well, most of the time... Props to Joe, my long-suffering long-haired hilarious hero. Always fun) = YAY!P.S. Sorry about the alliteration. Sometimes I can't keep the dork at bay.
4	Hop, hop, hop, hop, hop, hop...in a church setting.Not like hofbrauhaus, however it is still a very nice place to go. The ambience however is kind of odd, but if you like beer, it is worth a trip definitely.
4	Maybe the best beer in the burgh (though the sharp edge's selection really can't be touched). The pizzas are great (better when they had the southwest). They'd get all 5 stars if they brought back the southwest pizza. the managers and staff are really cool people too. My wife and I became regulars for a time there and got to know a lot of them. The desserts are really good too!
5	Just went to the restaurant last weekend for the first time. The ambiance is great. I loved the stained glass, and big open space. As a former cathlic it felt slightly sacreligious but I got over it quickly when I tasted the food. It was so hard to decide the menu was so diverse. It was great. We shared a pierogie appetizer, so creamy and delicious. Mom had the seven onion soup and she loved it. We were going to have a pizza but there was an hour wait for it to even get in the oven. So we ended up sharing a pulled pork sandwich and home-made fries.Sept 2008 = Just went back for a second visit and it was even better, if that's possible. I finally got to try the pizza and it was AMAZING.
5	Just got back from Pittsburgh for work, and enjoyed many of the restaurants the city had to offer.  This one especially, which we visited twice on our one week stay.Yah, one can say it's sacriligious to drink beer in a building that was once used as a Catholic Church, but I think God has a sense of humor too! The building is beautiful, stained glass windows, and the alter used as a brewery.  The restaurant brews their own beer on site, and has many options, ones I've never tried before. I ordered a beer similiar to a budlight. The food is delicious!! We had the spinach dip and pita bread as an appetizer, and the vegetarian pizza and fish sandwhich as entrees. Both were very tasty and the portions were humungous. Definitely not somewhere to go if you are on a diet, even if you order a salad, everywhere in Pittsburgh they put french fries on their salads!! Weird.The service was great both times we went. Very helpful and informative of the city and the restaurant. I even purchased the beer glasses that said "And on the 8th day, man created beer!" I would defintely recommend this place if you are ever in the area, and feeling a little adventurous :-)
4	Drink of this beer, for it is my blood.Eat of these pierogies, for it is my body.Do this in remembrance of me.AMEN.In the land of Pittsburgh sits a beautiful church that was decommissioned and tanks of beer were placed at the altar to be exalted.  Thank you baby jesus!Church Brew Works & Restaurant is an amazing place. I suggest checking out the website to really see what this place looks like.It is sorta like a beerhall inside and they have an outdoor courtyard in the back which is equally beauteous. They brew lots of yummy beer and the munchies are primarily German influenced.  Eating pierogies and drinking big glasses of beer was just like heaven. The only sin was this flavored creme brulee, which tasted burnt and just awful.On the way out, friends and I saw a humongous slug on the landscaping retaining wall trailing a nice snotty line behind it.
4	Arguably, the Church Works has the best atmosphere I've ever encountered in a restaurant, as their location inside an old church is certainly unique.  With a pizza oven and a brewery near the old altar, it almost feels sacrilegious eating there.  But in a good way.  Food wise, The Church Works is pretty good, with large portions, and a big and diverse menu.  Their pizza is probably their best dish. If you're ever in Pittsburgh, definitely stop by, as it's one of the few places I've encountered where you can sin and eat at the same time.
3	I mean. This is ok. The atmosphere is great, the whole converted church to brewery thing is cool. The food is not vegetarian friendly. Very few options, and really the food is only alright. So go for the beer not the eats.
4	A fun place to go with a big group of people.  GREAT selection of beers.  I had the pierogies last time I was there and they were excellent.  Also tried a bit of someone's pizza and it was excellent as well.  Can't beat a place that has great food, beer, and interesting atmosphere.
3	Driving around Pittsburgh in search of the quintessential Pittsburgh dining experience, we motored past the Church Brew Works and had to stop. A church? An altar mounted with brewing equipment, producing luscious beers worthy of the Viking gods? We hit the brakes and parked the car. I've never spent more than a few minutes in a church save for the requisite dull hum of a wedding ceremony, so I was rather amazed at the scale of the place. The literal cathedral ceiling, tables as far as the eye can see, a lone pizza man plying his trade just to the right of the altar, where beer was in process before being transferred to kegs or bottles and served at the restaurant. The church, oddly, has the feel of an Eastern European brewhouse; outside of the setting, it doesn't have much character or charm.We ordered perogis and pizza. The perogis were good, but the pizza wasn't anything special. The crust was too sweet and too short, the sauce lack brightness or vigor, and the cheese just sat there, holding the whole thing together. The beer really stood out as the star of the show. I had the summer special hefeweizen, and my companion had the IPA x2. We loved them both. This is definitely a must-see for anyone passing through town. Come for beers and atmosphere, but plan to have your dinner elsewhere.
4	Great place great atmosphere!  Was a Sunday afternoon so was fairly low key but loved the atmosphere inside (not to mention the a/c, a necessity for me being from Seattle).  Food was great - only complaint is I ordered a beer that was supposed to be some type of "blueberry" beer - didn't taste a hint of blueberry, only beer.  Friendly staff and nice place.
5	This place was awesome (well except for the fact that smoking is allowed in Pittsburgh).  Felt very much like it should be in Seattle.  The stained glass and gothicness very much made this place quite sweet!  was kind of a long walk from downtown but worth it.
5	The third piece of the trilogy - read my other reviews - is this microbrewery-turned-church, the last one of my three most favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh. With Catholic background and dwindling population and culture, Pittsburgh has lots of old church buildings that are converted into a completely new venue. One of the other places is called Sanctuary, which is a three-story club now, and it's quite awesome inside. This place, when you walk in, imposes the brew house that's sitting where the altar used to be. Above the setup it has a Latin phrase that went something like "our god, eternal light...", and the angels flying around in the stained glasses are smiling down on you with bottles in their hands. I don't know what will happen to the religious state of mind if a devout Christian walks in here. Maybe it will explode. But I think it's awesome that instead of tearing this structure down they decided to add a spin to the place and make a great use out of it. It's part of the memory of the community - not that I was part of the specific neighborhood, but still - and you should be able to live with the changing times and at least be thankful that most part of what the church used to be is still providing people shelter and utility.Anyways, back to more important matters. The setup makes you feel you're at an indoor beer garden. The echoing of chitter-chatters are somewhat unique because there's no church music or bar music playing in the background. So imagine you're a monk and you step into the dining area of your monastry, except you're in the 21st century. Food: excellent, the large pizzas are quite massive and massively tasty so be prepared to share it with at least one other people (two guys should share one, or three girls, or four kids... you get the idea). I think the pizza guy Their other food was also great. Beer: fantastic. The most memorable one was their dark ale, which they roast the malt enough so that the color is darker and the flavor is, duh, roasty, and grainy. I wonder if they sell their bottled beers in other states too. Again, I miss you too. I'll be back someday.
3	A lot's been written, so I'll try to be brief.  I was here on Saturday with a couple friends, place was packed but found ample seating at the bar.  The space is gorgeous, high ceilings, organ, pipes, stained glass, etc.  This place has outdoor seating, however I always seem to forget.  It has delicious brick oven pizza, with fresh sauce, and perfectly cooked cheese.  I only wish their crust was thinner.  The wine selection sucks, but the spirits offered are pretty ample.  They won't offer samples of the cask conditioned, which is okay because all there beer is pretty good and they offer samples of all the rest.  The stout was below average.  I had their "kobe" steak sandwich, for $11,,, really?? "kobe"?? Either way, perfecty acceptable sandwich and the sweet potato fries are a nice touch.  Friend had the salmon, she said it was delicious and cooked perfectly.  We tried the brie, which was about c level brie with nice breading and figs (nice touch!), the non-traditional perogies were no good, overcooked, overpriced and underflavored.  The service was better than most.  The bathrooms were big enough, with no lines that I saw, which was surprising with so much beer being drunk,,, Oh well, I guess it's not possible for me to write a short review.  There's always next time.
1	My expectations were shattered.  This place has the best potential ... NEVER realized.  The ambiance was sad.  They could do so much better.The service was just ok.The food was awful.They only brew 3 beers, and only serve those 3 on tap.We had the daily special perogies.  They were grose.We had the 5 cheese pizza.  It was slightly burnt, and the bottom was all icky black from a dirty pizza oven.  So it tasted like burnt crust dust.This place looks like it'll be cool .. don't get fooled.
4	Sweet place, but a little sacreligious with the distilleries on the church's diases...  Ergo, it's an awesome time!  The micro-brews are cool, and I'd recommend getting the seasonal ale!  The food is on par with high end chain restaurants, their appetizers are out of this world though!  It's wallet friendly, but not so nice to the arteries!
4	I'm so a fan of this place! It's an actual old church with a brewery on the pulpit! The food is good, the pizza's are great, they're made in a brick oven (or taste like they are), the couscous salad is phenom, and the while they have a small selection of brewed on-site beers, it's totally quality over quantity. I haven't had a beer there that wasn't yummy and interesting. The mango curry was very disappointing, and the chipotle ketchup for the sweet potato fries is lacking any major flavor (the fries themselves are yummy though).Beautiful decor inside and wonderful quiet beer garden outside. Always a blast!!
4	This is my kind of place - an old church with a lot of gothic architectural detail, converted into a bar and restaurant with their brewery equipment upon the altar.  I can dig it.My room mates and I went here for a celebratory meal, this being my first week in Pittsburgh.  Our waitress was super friendly and helpful.  We ordered the brew sampler (the dunkel and the stout are definitely my speed), which included some seasonal beers.  I'm looking forward to what they might brew this winter.  Additionally we ordered the Spinach, Gouda & Feta dip as an appetizer and it was nothing short of spectacular, I highly recommend it (comes with pita triangles).  We shared a Chicken & Andouille pizza which tasted good with its high quality ingredients, including fresh tomatoes.Whenever you feel like chillin' in a church, sippin' a brew (which for some people might be every Sunday), this is the place to go.
5	Talk about a one-of-a-kind place, a church that was converted into a brewery. Pure genius! I was told about this place before visiting my friend in Pittsburgh and made it a must stop.I feel like this is a place you find in some town in Ireland and England, but I think it's a good fit in Pittsburgh. I wish DC had more places like this and less of the wine/tapas bars variety.I really like how the owner kept the original decor of the church intact and didn't try to alter it too much.This place is more than just gimmicks, it's microbrews were delicious and the service was very friendly.
5	The Church Brew Works in the former St. John the Baptist church on Liberty Ave is one of my absolute favorite restaurants anywhere.  I've been here for lunch, dinner, happy hours, and special events (birthdays and wedding rehearsal dinners).  I don't even know where to begin.They keep the place immaculate, and there really is no pun intended here.  It's gorgeous.  The atmosphere is unique, one could even say post-modern.  I could gush about the pleasure of having a tasty meal under a vaulting, airy ceiling with sunlight streaming through the stained glass windows... so I am.  I was raised Catholic in Pittsburgh and attended both the school and the church of St. Kieran's right up the road from here and, although not particularly holy myself now, have been broken hearted by how many of the gorgeous churches in the city were shuttered by the ruthless bishop, who ironically seems to have followed me to DC...  that's to say I think shutting down the spiritual centers of the inner city when they need them the most is more sacrilegious than turning one into a gorgeous restaurant and repurposing the building.I digress to an absurd degree...the gouda dip appetizer is to die for here.  I crave it often  it's that good.  The pizza is truly delicious, and the Pittsburgh salad with chicken and fries on top is so much better than one could ever imagine just by thinking about that combo.  I get it with ranch and use it sparingly because the chicken is so flavorful and juicy.  Really, nothing here is bad - I've had the pierogies in many of their various daily forms and could easily make meals out of them they're that good.  They're "real" pierogies.  Delicious.  The chicken wrap was equally delicious, though I'm not sure if it's still on the menu.  Everything is fresh and simply seasoned but still tastes very sophisticated.  I've never had a bad meal here.The Pious Monk beer is a must.  A must!  But if you don't drink alcohol, try their birch beer or ginger ale.  They make it all right there.The ice cream is so good - I don't remember what's special about it, they use something left over from the brewing process like the sugar or something, but this with one of their absolutely delicious cups of coffee is the perfect way to end your meal.Amazing.  I hope you'll love it.  Another place I'd recommend without reservation to out of towners - when I bring friends home to PGH with me I take them there and no one's been disappointed.  Oh, the outdoor patio is wonderful!  It's intimate and comfortable.
2	My experience was pretty tricky to review.  We entered and were really impressed with the atmosphere and then sat down at the bar and ordered some beers.  They all came out warm!  The bartender even said something about them being warm and they were unsure as to why that was.  She said all but one beer on tap was warm, and then offered a couple bottled beers that we could have.  After about twenty minutes they were all magically cold again so we tried some.  Between my group of 4 we tried pretty much all the beers and weren't really impressed with any of them.The atmosphere of Church Brew Works is excellent, but the beers are not that great.  The food all sounded good, but we didn't try any.  If I'm in the area again I may come back to see if they have any different seasonal brews, and maybe try the food, but based on what I've seen so far I don't have particularly high expectations.
3	Located in a beautiful old church my eyes always have to adjust going inside to the dark interior.  When they do though, I am not disappointed.  The vast church has been carefully turned into a great restaurant and bar.  The staff is friendly, the food is good and beer is cold.The reason to check out Church Brew Works, aside from the great pizza, is the beer.  This micro-brew has the tanks on the alter and a wonderful selection of local brews.  Also, it is a steal to take home a growler filled for only $7 for 4 pints.Definitively a unique place worth checking out.
4	i realise that going to a brewery and not having beer is rather tragic, but there you have it.  however, the food and service here are great.  the wood-burning oven produces delicious pizzas, and the pulled-pork sandwich was pretty good too.  the best thing, however, about Church is just that -- it's in an old historic church.  the use of the former sanctuary space as a sprawling restaurant and brewery space is innovative at the very least, and rather brilliant at best (having the tanks in the former apse/ambulatory (i.e. the front) is quite visually entertaining).  the ambiance is definitely unique and makes this a worthwhile dining experience.  (be prepared for a potential wait on weekend nights; reservations are only accepted for parties of 8 or more.)
4	They play on the fact this place used to be a church. You can drink in the pews and there are beer kettles on the alter. It even has that old church smell. Their beer and food are good. The location is a little off the beaten path, but it's worth the trip for the experience.
4	i have to say, this must've been the most interesting renovation project when it was conceived.  i would've loved to have that as a design challenge.  our experience was low key as we were here rather early (6pm-ish) before the crowds.  we were seated in one of the "pews" in the nave with a central view of the apse, whose altar worships brew kettles.  along the left side of the aisle is the bar area, and i think the transcept areas had additional seating.  the beer was really affordable...had to be the lame-ass pittsburgh tourist and order traditional pierogies, which at first sight and bite seemed heavy and tasteless but actually grew on me.  the hummus dish was a bit much with the bread a bit over baked.  the food was excellent, and i would definitely go back with friends if i lived there.faster service and exceptional food would've brought it to 5 stars.
2	The only reason worth going here is to ogle the scenery. It's a one-off tourist event, and I don't discourage out-of-towners to visit because everyone loves to drink beer in a fabulous church. However, this is not a place for locals. The food is snooty and over-priced. Head over to the Bloomfield Bridge Tavern if you want some good pierogies. The beer here isn't bad but you have to suffer through the insufferable waitstaff to drink it. Head to Penn Brewery for a good Pittsburgh brewery. Overall, walk in, look around, get a beer at the bar if you must, and take off for greener pastures.
1	Pros: 1. The brewery is located in a gorgeous church. I mean, it is really really pretty. The novelty of eating & drinking in a church is pretty great. 2. The brews served up are so delicious they could make a monk cry. If you love a good local brewery with a consistently good reputation, church brew works is a shining star. Fortunately, the brews are bottled & you can buy them around town in cases & six packs. I have drank multiple sampler cases of all their various ales, ipas, ambers and stouts, and loved every single one of them - that's saying a lot. I can be particularly hateful about subpar beer. Cons; 1. The wait staff appears to be trained in assholism, to a degree that I have often been discouraged from going here. Too many times I have left swearing never to return for the abuse & neglect. Once I sprained my ankle here on some slippery stairs. Instead of offering me an apology and a bag of ice, as a decent person might, or offering a number of their lawyer in the event of a personal injury liability claim, the waiter was a complete dick & tried to up-sell me on an expensive bourbon shot, "for the pain." 2. Some of the food is mediocre, but none of it is a good value. I am a person who loves garlic, but you have to wonder why you can't taste any other flavors in so many of their dishes. The food is overpriced without a quality to back the price tag. They have a tempting "pierogie of the day" dish -- don't fall for it, it is disgusting 99% of the time. If you have to eat here, try one of the pizzas. Vegetarians have limited choices here. Vegans will starve. 3. Church Brew Works brings in people who would otherwise never venture to Lawrenceville, and gives them a totally mistaken impression of the neighborhood. This is not a place where you befriend folks at the next table. The majority of people here are not like you. And you should be happy you are not like them. Despite all this, it is a really really pretty church! Good place to impress parents & in-laws from out of town. Office ladies who live in the suburbs will eat this up. Your wait staff is likely to deserve less than a 10% tip, but if you are like me, you will be guilted into leaving at least 15% because the universal good tip karma requires that you pay it forward.
3	came here on a trip and i found this place on yelp. it sounded like a fun place to try. The food was average, i actually found myself liking the buffalo meatloaf more than the kobe beef i ordered. i got the beer sampler, and they were out of a few of the beers. it was fun, and loud which i actually liked.
3	I was in Pittsburgh for work and one of the local guys suggested we try the Church Brew.  I'm not very familiar with Pittsburgh, but this place was somewhat out of the way.  It didn't have many interesting things around it.  Basically it's a bar/brewery built into an old abandoned church.The place has been restored and is truly beautiful inside, with gorgeous stained glass windows, church pews, alter, and of course dining tables.  We sat down and I watched as 4 of the waitstaff walked by without acknowledging out existence.  It turns out one of the waitstaff that ignored us, was our waiter.  Eventually he stopped by and took our drink order.  I ordered the Mexican Mole Stout, which was pretty good.  As the name suggests, it is a stout with mole spices.  I like stouts and love spicy food, so this was a must try.  As I said, it was good, but far from refreshing, so I suggest a glass of water with it.  After some time, our waiter again decided he should stop by and take a food order.  We both ordered the Shinkasa Cheese Steak because I was after all in PA...not Philly, but PA nonetheless.  When it finally arrived the sandwich was very good, but overpriced at $11 for it's size.  The fries portion was also small, but they were not that great anyway.We waited again for the bill after completing our meals.  I would have actually ordered another beer because I wanted to try another of their varieties, but our waiter never returned.  My review gets 3 stars mostly based on the very cool setting of a brewery being in a church and the Mexican Mole Stout being tasty.  However the food is overpriced and the service was poor.  Cool place to try once, but I wouldn't consider this a "must see".
2	meh...........as a native Pittsburgher, I think this place is trendy and overpriced.  I'd rather go to Penn Brewery at the bottom of Troy Hill.
3	Congratulations, Church Brew Works, for making it on to the opening scene of the movie 'Zack and Miri'. You looked great in that shot, as usual - beautiful and confident. You do the city of Pittsburgh proud.As for my 3 star rating, I just don't think this is the place to go for good food. For a cool place to drink and chill with your friends, this location is okay. And, of course great for tourists and returning ex-locals. But, it's definitely not somewhere I'd go regularly to grab a bite and gulp. If you do need to order something, I'd recommend the pierogies. Church Brew Works is like the movie star that doesn't have to impress on things that matter (like food) because they have the looks and fame already.
5	This place is awesome!
4	I just visited the Church Brew Works for the first time over the holidays after passing it many times in the city and being intrigued with the beautiful building.  The interior definitely did not disappoint!  The sanctuary is gorgeous, with stained glass windows, gothic architecture, and old pews scattered throughout.I would say the ambiance and beer were 4 stars and the food was probably a 3.5.  (I tried their holiday beer, which was a dark french beer and was quite tasty.)  The appetizer selection was extensive and I really enjoyed the smoked gouda/feta/spinach dip.  This place is also known for their pizzas, so I'd recommend skipping the rest of the entrees and just going for that.  I got their famous pierogie pizza, which was good, but needed an extra kick...like onions or olives, perhaps.Overall, it's worth the experience and if you need a place for a large group, I'd recommend it!
3	The most outstanding thing about this place is the feel.  When it first opened, it was too well lit, and had antiseptic tables.  Since then it has begun to capitalize more on its clerical provenance--dimming the lights and making it a bit mysterious.  This is very much a fun/interesting place to eat.  I think that the food is decent, and the beer very reasonable in quality.  Ultimately though people come here for the overall experience.  We had some friends from Chicago come here to visit who were very Catholic, they had a great time eating there (although they felt like they needed to go to a confessional).
4	Had a great afternoon meal at The Church Brew Works yesterday. On a previous trip to Pittsburgh we had tried to eat there but found not a single spare seat and did nothing more than peek in the door. This time we arrived around 2pm on Saturday and there were plenty of seats available. I won't speak to the coolness of the actual space as I'm sure many others before me have done a great job. Only thing I will say is how cavernous it is but yet you feel cozy - the low lighting helps lend itself to that mood as do the bright stained glass windows.We started with the pierogi's of course (un-traditional). These were a mix of kielbasa, potato, and onion on the inside and on the top a mustard and horseradish sauce. Wish I had ordered more because they were gone way to quickly! I ordered the lunch size (9") Portabello Pesto pizza and Dave ordered the Artichoke, Spinach, and Feta pizza. We both preferred the Portabello by far but both were yummy. Andy had a Char-Grilled Buffalo burger with spiced fries and said he enjoyed it. Dave and Andy ordered the Pipe Organ Pale Ale and the Celestial Gold. Consensus was for the Celestial Gold. Andy also ordered a bottle of Quadzilla - a Belgian Style Cherry Wheat and I found it similar to Lambic (one of two kinds of 'beer' which I do drink) and very tasty.Overall - I would recommend it to friends/family and hope to go again.PS - I think it's funny that there were 33 votes for Alcohol: None in the survey :-P
2	I enjoy beer.  Real beer.  Not the watered-down megabrews that so many people somehow enjoy.  I've currently had only 6 of Church Brew Works beers, but they've so far been very underwhelming.  I will keep trying in the hopes that I can find a winner and bump up the star rating.On that note, I don't think I'll ever be back for the food.  My table of 7 started with a pizza...and probably should have stopped there.  One friend got a steak hoagie that was basically salt-crusted, another got jambalaya that was oversalted and inedible, my girlfriend got a sandwich that was average at best, I got an overcooked buffalo burger...you get the idea.  And it's definitely not cheap; for Pittsburgh it's more on the expensive side.  If you go, ask someone what the best beer on tap is, give it a go, and get a pizza.  Skip the regular menu.
4	They brew the beer on the altar -- enough said! Seriously though, this is a cool restaurant with tons of indoor seating in addition to a nice outdoor courtyard. The food I've had here has been good and they have a nice selection of beer. Definitely worth trying if you've never had dinner in an old church! Try the pizzas -- they're excellent.
4	i was brought up catholic, so it almost seemed sacrilegious for me to be guzzling  beer in a former spiritual sanctuary.however, i thought the beer was good (the hef was my fave) and the interior is impressive. definitely worth the experience.
2	It's cool that they brew their own beers. I wasn't a huge fan of the food and beer, but it is a neat restaurant in Pittsburgh!
4	This restaurant is in an old Catholic church which gives it a great atmosphere. The menu is full of great comfort foods. They offered pizza with pierogi toppings which I didn't order and it still haunts me to this day that I didn't get it. It's like my white whale......damn you church brew!
4	I am a Catholic and had no problem walking into this place!  Um, that is until I walked down the aisle and began to get that eerie feeling...like I was at a wake or something.  To be honest, it felt weird but I enjoyed myself.  The inside of the church was awesome...especially the tank setup at the altar and to the left of the aisle.I went to Church Brew Werks over the winter and do not remember what I ordered for dinner, but I do remember what I ordered to drink - STOUT!  I had two of them and my co-worker had the sampler along with some pale ale, I believe.  I remember the beer being outstanding.  So much so, I took a growler back to the hotel and put it into my luggage to bring back home with me...
4	I travel for work a fair bit. In some cities it's easy to find tasty, unique (non-chain) places to eat; others not so much. So, when my colleague said, "I heard about a brew pub in an old church," my response was, "Say no more--I am SO there."It did not disappoint.Was it mind-blowingly delicious food? No, but it was tasty and enjoyable as far as road food goes. Was it the most amazing beer I've ever had? I don't know--I'm not exactly a beer snob.Was it a great place to kick back some beers with a colleague and a business partner? Definitely.Sure beat eating in the hotel restaurant, or a mega-chain which is guaranteed to be uninspired and uninspiring fare.As we left, I noticed they have a veggie patch out back. It's too early in the season for me to benefit from that garden, but I'm sure it makes its way to the table later in the summer, and that earns them an extra star in my book.
3	it's the typical looking church but with big beer tanks on the alter.  i was unaware of the outside seating so we made our way to the bar area and grabbed a bar table.  the service was a little slow and it was dead in here for a friday night.  we grubbed on a pepperoni pizza and some beer.  neither were amazing and the place was a little pricey for a pittsburgh joint.  it's worth a stop in to just check it out.  will it be a favorite of mine for years to come?  naaaaaaaa.
5	Have been attending the church whenever I've been in the burgh for the last 9 years or so. The Church is always fabulous! From the spiritual guidance of my pastor behind the bar to the typically wonderful rotating brews to the menu hands down the best place in the burgh.
4	One of our favorites.  The beers here are some of the best around.  The Church itself is very cool.  Get one of the Pizza's, I really like them.Beware that the beers are on the strong side.  Might want to take a taxi of you plan on drinking a lot.Service is usually adequate, not stellar.  Prices are in line with other places of similar type.Parking lot a bit small.
3	bless me, yelp, for i have sinned.  it has been far too long since my last confession...i confess that i wasn't that impressed with church brew works.  oh how i wanted to love it.  i mean, it's a brewery. in a catholic church. their brilliant and creative adaptive reuse of the building should earn them at least four stars (and you thought i was going to make some comment about my jaded catholic upbringing and how awesome it is to throw down in a church) ;) so then, why the three stars? the service was less than... eh.   i listened to our waiter mumble out the description of the beers and specials like he was reading the sunday obituaries.  not a great start to the meal.  and the food was just... eh.  it's trying to be 'nice restaurant food', but all it is is glorified bar food at restaurant pricing.  and not necessarily good bar food at that.  so given the lack luster review, why would i ever go back... 1) it's close to my house, so i can bike home sloshed if need be  2) the beers are pretty tasty (especially the pious monk dunkel and the millennium trippel 3) like the good catholic i was raised, everyone deserves a second chance and lastly, 4) the real reason... i can now tell my mom and grandma that i went to church this week without a guilty conscience
4	I came here during a business trip to Pittsburgh. I'll admit, it felt sacrilegious drinking beer in a church and moreover, a beer called "unholy matrimony" (one of the seasonal brews). The novelty of the place is that it still looks very much like a church inside, with the exception of brewing vats taking the place of the alter and a brick oven replacing the bishop's throne, etc.The service from our waiter was excellent (comped us free soup because our food was taking longer than expected) and the hostess was very accommodating in trying to get us seated as quickly as possible (the place was packed).Definitely try any of the brick oven pizzas. Our group of 8 ordered all of them and no one was disappointed. Bottom line: CBW has tasty in-house brews and excellent brick oven pizzas even the most pious of protestants will enjoy.
4	Our meal with the Church Brew Works and Restaurant was a mixed bag.Plus: My husband's beer was goodMinus: The in-restaurant brewed Birch Beer was watery and mediocre Plus: The ambiance was great and the building is beautifulMinus: We had numerous flies around our tablePlus: The vegetarian options were delicious and the brick oven pizzas were great.Minus: Our waitress was absentee and forgot our waters and my drink when bringing the rest of the tables' drinks. It just seemed like there were too few waiters for such a huge restaurantOverall, the food and beer make it a great place to bring visiting beer fans, but they could make some minor adjustments to make it a place we'd like to go on a regular basis.------------------------------------------------Update as of 10/18/2009:I'm increasing my rating by a star because of a followup visit. Our food was delicious, our guests were impressed with the decor, and our waitress was wonderful.
4	Go for the ambiance and the beer. If this place had better food, it would earn that 5th star. don't get me wrong, the food is decent (especially the personal pizzas), but it's nothing special. What is special, like the other reviewers point out, is the venue. Set in a former church, the owners were wise in leaving the stained glass in place and in turning the alter into the location of a micro-brewery. And the brew is definitely worth it. They have a selection of staples that are all quite tasty and also rotate some seasonals in. I forget the one I tried, but it was delicious...and I'm not even a big beer drinking.If you're swinging through Pittsburgh, give this place a try. It's pretty special.
4	The atmosphere is great, and the beer was delightful. I got the Millennium Triple, which had the perfect amount of citrus. Next I had the Oktoberfest, which I'm pretty sure I could have drank many, many pints of, but I stopped myself after one. Now, to the food. The pierogies were a bit too greasy and not as flavor-filled as I've had them (we tried both the traditional and "untraditional" which on that day were bratwurst and sauerkraut filled). We also shared the risotto lollipops which were very nice (the sauce was the highlight) and the sweet potato fries which were nothing too spectacular. But oh, OHHH, the main course. I got the smoked pork chop with the beet BBQ sauce of the Oktoberfest menu, and it was memorable. The sweet sauce and the perfectly smoked chop were an amazing combination. The spaetzle and sauerkraut were exactly what the dish needed to balance out and the portions were very generous. Dessert we shared German chocolate cake, pumpkin bread pudding, and black forest cheese cake - all were wonderfully done. I really enjoyed the flavor of the bread pudding, very warm and homey, and the texture of the cheesecake was perfectly light thanks to the ricotta cheese. I wish I could give this 4.5 stars, because the appetizers were just an OK-start to what turned into a fabulously memorable meal in a fun atmosphere that I will suggest anyone passing through Pittsburgh check out. I'd gladly return (hopefully in the fall so I can get some more Oktoberfest brew...)
5	What a unique dining experience!!! This place gets 4 stars without even factoring in the food. Add in the cuisine, and it becomes a favorite. In a city where the weather sucks ass half the year, its important for a place to have an inviting environment. Plus I'm a hardcore Cleveland Browns fan, and its always difficult to find a Pittsburgh location not completely saturated with Steeler shit and I.C. Light. Quite the turnoff!!! Its great to see that the Burgh has some class. I was only here one time, yet it left a lasting impression. The church is gorgeous. I really appreciate the European mentality: saving the old building and keeping originality while updating and transforming the facility during restoration. My friend and I split 2 wood fire pizzas. The Artichoke, Spinach, and Feta includes red onion, tomatoes, and parm as well. The Pittsburgh Pierogie blends potato puree, sauteed onions, garlic, and cheddar. Both pies had amazing flavor regardless of the fact that they used minimal amounts of each ingredient. The house brews were excellent too, as if that was ever a question! I despise the usual Pittsburgh atmosphere, but the Church Brew plays redeemer and keeps me excited for my next visit.
2	Egads the beer is overdone and not consistent. That is of course a picky statement as I expect much more from a craft brewer. The atmosphere cannot be beat, though. This is a must to visit when you come to Pittsburgh.
3	The atmosphere really is great and well worth the visit. It just feels so naughty drinking beer in a church but hey that's what makes it fun!  The food to me is just okay  for the price BUT the beer is much better! Who needs food when you have a frothy glass of beer?
3	I've been to lunch and dinner here and I quite like it .The setting is marvelous ,there is parking in the back and the beer is good if not outstanding.I like the food , in particular the pizza.I do suspect you need to show a little care when ordering because while I've always liked what I ordered here you could probably hit some loosers.Any way if you're in the wonderful and still underrated City of Pittsburgh,this is a must.
5	Rightfully so, there is an extremely long wait for Church Brew Works during peak times.  The Saturday night we were there, it was a 2 hour wait.  Make sure you stalk the bar patrons so you can snag a table in the bar area...those are first-come-first-serve!  The service at Church Brew Works is like any other bar...it varies with the server you get.If you are a beer fan (and c'mon, who isn't) you gotta try one of their specialty brews.  The drinks were fantastic as well as the food.  All in all a fun experience!  And I didn't even have to confess my sins (thank God; pun intended :-).
2	4 stars for the building: How cool is it to have a church for beer, with a big primary fermenter in the choir area?  (I didn't go over and check it out, but I think that's what it was.)  Only downside is that they did very little in the way of sound design, so you're surrounded by a constant roar with even a moderate crowd - not good for conversation.2 stars for everything else:  Beer's really not that good.  It tastes like they're rushing it - the alcohol and sweetness taste like homebrew that I open too soon, before all the flavors have settled down and the more complex ones have developed.  It makes sense to do this as a small, maybe undercapitalized, brewer, because those tanks represent a couple of thousands of dollars of malt and hops.  Best to start getting a return on them ASAP instead of keeping them stored away for a couple of weeks to finish up.  (I've tried several, but their bottled stuff comes across the same way.)Food is all over the place.  The $9 fish sandwich is a thin slab of freezer cod fried and served on a 12" grocery store Italian loaf with no toppings at all, and I had to ask for an extra sauce cup of Tartar sauce to have enough for any semblance of flavor.  (This was the first time in a long while that I've left food on my plate.  Granted, it was a lot of bread, but I wasn't full: I just didn't want to swallow any more of the sandwich.)  Sweet potato fries were okay, but my friend's French onion soup was actually pretty good.Service was par - nothing special, but no complaints.  Last upside is that they do take credit cards, which is, unfortunately, not a given in Pittsburgh.
2	My friend's English department had a small get together here.  Pretty awkward setting of religion with drinking.  It sorta is strange but get over it.  They ripped out the pews but kept some of the chapel windows, etc.  It's not easy to find and my friend circled around until he actually found the church.  Not too well in marking the brewery and need better signage.  Food was average and beer was okay.  Go there for the weird factor and less on the food and drinks.
2	Yes, you've got cool decor and a cool building and you make your own beer, and it's good beer. But the (granted) one time I was there, and got a beer at the bar, the service mas miserable. The worst service I have ever gotten. We were met by a smarmy bartender who after pouring our beers proceeded to ignore my friend and I as we tried to flag him down to order another beer and then when this proved unsuccessful (a check had magically appeared in front of us) attempted for at least 15 minutes to flag him down so that we could pay and get the hell out of there. Not a fan. Probably won't be back anytime soon.
4	There's nothing like having a brewski at church...After going to Phipps Conservatory, we headed to Church Brew Works because I like the idea of drinking at church. This place was converted from a church to a brewhouse. I'm not sure what denomination it used to be. Inside, they put the vats of beer at the alter and the pews have been replaced by tables and a bar on the side.We ordered a pitcher of Celestial Gold, a light malty beer and an artichoke, spinach and feta pizza to share. I thought the pizza was all right and the crust was very thin. All I know that they used a very large communion wafer. This place is a cool to check out if you are in Pittsburgh. I wouldn't mind back here again for the beer, but  will probably stay away from the pizza and try something on else on the menu.
3	A gorgeous building and atmosphere provides a unique dining/drinking experience.I had the Buffalo and Wild Mushroom meatloaf last night. Maybe the nature of the beast, but I found it quite dry and not my idea of what the consistency of meatloaf should be. Chocolate cake dessert was very good. I also had their self-brewed non-alcoholic Birch Beer which was good (kind of like root beer).You would think that a church would be designed to maximize sound traversal, but somehow this church seems to deaden sound such that you can maintain local conversation even when busy.
4	On our way back from Baltimore, we decided to stop in Pittsburgh for a day of sight seeing. One of the people that I was with heard about this restaurant so we decided to check it out. Upon entering, I seriously thought that we were in a church. The brewery in a church does seem like a funny punch line though.  I ended up having the salmon, which was great but not the best compared to some other places that I ate at on the east coast. The only drawback here was that I thought the entrees were a little too pricey. If I lived in Pittsburgh, I would come here again, but only on a special occasion.
2	The novelty of  brew-pub in a church is definitely fun, but the food and beer isn't anything special.The beers are your standard brew-pub selection - light ale, red, IPA, porter, and several seasonal choices.   It's possible you'll find something special, so try a few.The entrees are a big disappointment - all are prepared ahead of time and just assembled for service.  It's cafeteria food served on nice plates.  They clearly stopped trying years ago.The bar-food and hand tossed pizza looked more promising - I'd try that next time.When they ask if you want the dinner or bar side of the aisle, choose the bar.
3	I am going to  be honest! I find it extremely rude that they actually converted a huge pretty Church into a Brewery.When i visited this place the first time i felt horrible.I felt extremely guilty with the huge brewers placed where Jesus is supposed to be standing and the seats and a huge bar behind and all the chairs well arranged for dining!!   My friends love this place for their good beer and they almost starved themselves to eat the pizza which they claim to be the best pizza ever.But i would also give them credit for being creative and  for having good food and drinks.Thus the 3 stars and -2 stars for being rude .HMPH.   PS-I am not religious nor am i a Christian. Some thing's are just hard to digest.But kudos to your creativity!!! :)-Smriti
4	This is a classic destination for out-of-towners and anyone who lives in Pittsburgh who needs to entertain guests, but it's worth a drive even if you're just having a local dinner. I love that they have a pierogie of the day, although I confess I've never tried those. They have a varied menu that's executed surprisingly well for a place with so much potential gimmick. The one bummer is the long wait on Friday and Saturday nights. If you show up without a reservation, don't be surprised if you have to wait 30 minutes or more to be seated, despite how cavernous this place looks.The food is a bit expensive by Pittsburgh standards, I guess. Thankfully I'm now immune to that, as I earn my salary outside of western Pennsylvania... so I look forward to coming back and indulging at Church Brew Works =P
2	Beer in Church - a bit sacrilegious and I'm not even a religious man....   J/KThat whole novelty wore off quickly....  Beer was decent - Food (had a philly steak) was plain BAD.   Better question is - how do you really screw up a steak sandwich?   Wife had a fish sandwich that I think had to be in their freezer since the day the place opened.   Hummus was actually decent and they served it with fresh flat-bread.  Just another sub-par Pittsburgh restaurant.  I will say that the Pizza that made its way past our table looked and smelled delicious - if i do go back, I would head straight for that! I would also say that the dinner menu was a bit on the $$$$ side for food that could not hold up to your better dining experiences.  Proceed with caution!
4	I have to hand it to the interior architects who designed the conversion of this old Catholic church into a restaurant.  It is a trippy, surealistic place.  The stained glass windows are intact and the hop vats (is that what they're called?) are up where the altar once was.  Yeah, there was a bit of sacrilige going on.  But that's fine with me.I had a business lunch there and had a half southwestern chicken, hold the chipotle aioli, with a balsamic vinagerette salad.  It was tasty though not spectacular.  Service was adequate but not particulary attentive.I'm giving this a four star mainly because of the ambiance.  I've been in converted church establishments before (London, New York and Salinas CA) but all of those places removed much of the religious iconry.  Not Church Brew and Works.  For those who have an issue with this, I'm glad the place wasn't razed and replaced with condos.Check this place out.  It's a trip.
3	Just OK is as much as I can say.I don't actually drink, but I do know that this place has a good variety of beers, particularly microbrews that are either created on site or bought from an external source. I think the atmosphere of the restaurant is great for kicking back with a good group of friends over a beverage and maybe getting a bit of pretzel or salad, but that's as far as it goes for me, kids.As a pizza fanatic, this place did not even blip on my radar of what I would call real pizza. Their pie has all of the markings of any overwrought craft in that the end result is not a celebration of the magical composition of perfect components in harmony. Instead, flavors are contorted, ingredients masked, and mediocrity served. Having grown up in a family that (in addition to pizza) also makes pierogis from scratch, I found their version very fair to midland--just passing. The problem I guess for me is that a regular potato pierogi should not give one heartburn, which I took as a sign of too much grease used in the cooking. Although the restaurant does provide a nice atmosphere to gather a group, I must add that the last time I met some friends there it smelled keenly of petting zoo. We figured that it must have been one of the grain ingredients for the beer, but it was STRONG. Try at your own risk. :)
3	Came here during a business trip in Pittsburgh.  It's definitely a site to see, regardless of whether or not your a beer fan.  The old church building is cool and they have off street, free parking.  I went right after a business meeting so I made it there for happy hour.  I sat at the bar and had some spinach and artichoke dip, 2 slices of pizza and a sampler of their beers.  By far my favorite brew was the Tripple.  Nothing else really stood out.They had another section for more formal dining.  I was wearing jeans and dressed casually but I didn't feel out of place in the bar.  The staff was not very friendly and the bartender spent more time talking to coworkers than helping people.  If I lived in Pittsburgh this is not a place that I would frequent, however if you're passing by it's something really unique that should not be missed.
4	We were in town for a Pens game, and decided to come here afterward for some dinner. A friend of mine is a Carnegie Mellon grad, and suggested we hit this place while we were in town. As a recovering Catholic and beer lover, I LOVED everything about the venue. They left so much of the old church intact, from the holy water fonts to the stained glass to the light fixtures, and even used pews as the benches. The brewing equipment (well, some of it, anyway) was up in the altar area. Some people might see that as sacrilegious, but i thought it was fantastic.I'll be honest, I wasn't thrilled with the trippel I ordered (it was a little too sweet and bubbly), but my friend's stout was really good. I brought a six pack of the dunkel home for my boyfriend, who is a brewer himself, and he likes it.For dinner, my friend had the pot pie, which I tried and loved, and I had the crab cakes, which were also good. Definitely check this place out if you're in Pittsburgh!
4	This is one of my favorite places in Pittsburgh, in part because their tongue in cheek approach to setting up the restaurant.  It is a brew pub inside of an old church.  The confessional is behind the bar and the brewing equipment is on the alter.  However, the quality of the food is what brings me back.  Last time I went, I had the pulled pork.  Wow, the sandwich was huge and quite yummy!  I had a side of sweet potato fries, which were decent.  They have a pretty decent sized wine list and obviously a number of microbrews on tap.  Our waitress was quite attentive, checking in with us regularly and providing refills of water without prompting.  It was quite busy but being a Saturday night, that was not surprising.  Expect to wait a little bit for a table.... you'll enjoy it once you do sit down!
4	Really enjoyed this place -Great atmosphere, the beer was good (tried two of the seasonals - Belgian black which i really enjoyed, and the absolution ale, which admittedly as someone i was with commented, had an olive-y taste)Quesadilla i split with the GF was very good.We stopped here to spend time before the reception of a wedding (having just come from a wedding).  We had a really large group that kept growing and it was no problem at all.
3	Given my penchant for sacrilege, this was right up my alley. Steel tank on the altar...yeah. We sat out on the patio cos it was a great day, and had their cask conditioned ale. Their food was pretty good. The french onion soup was fine and the buffalo meatloaf was very good, particularly the grilled vegetables. We also had the homemade potato chips which I really liked. A fun and funky place.
4	Love this place. Very neat environment, good food (particularly the pizzas), and works for a romantic evening or a family dinner.
4	For my money, this is the best place to have a beer in Pittsburgh.*  It's a desacramentalized** Catholic church that was shut down during a reorganization period in Pittsburgh's religious history, due to the overall shrinking of the population.  Beer has replaced the sacramental wine and the crucified savior has been replaced with a beer vessel for an altar, but the spiritual feeling remains and the irony of the term vessel is imbued...or I could just be getting a buzz.  Either way, this is an awesome atmosphere to have a drink with a bunch of friends.And the beer...some is better than others. One of the IPAs was way too grassy-tasting, but I thought the Thunderhead was just about right.  The Belgian Trippel was refreshing, but it didn't have enough bite for me.  I had a sip of every beer they offered, and while none were bad at all, I wasn't blown away.  At the same time, the prices aren't bad, especially for a pint.  If the beer was better, this place would be five stars.  * I didn't eat the food, so I'm totally unqualified to rate it** I just wanted to use that word in a sentence
4	Drinking beer in a church? This I had to experience. Several of my friends were also former alter boys and felt a bit of guilt, just for a minute ;)From the outside it still maintains the facade of the former church, nothing changed except for a sign of restaurant's name, and even that has been made to fit with the church. When you do enter inside it really has an amazing ambiance. The stained glass has been kept and some of the pews as well. The large brewing casks against the wall and in the back fit well with the cavernous interior.They had some great choices of their own beer and priced very reasonably considering the microbrew quality. I chose the stout which had chocolate tones with a bit of coconut, and no kidding the first sip I had made me think I was drinking a Mound's candy bar!They had a choice of choosing from their dining menu or their bar menu. I chose the BBQ chicken slaw melt. It was a a good size chicken breast that was juicy topped with cole slaw, and melted provolone cheese, and bacon :) Yum!It seemed everyone else enjoyed their meals as well, although the buffalo burger seemed a tad small.Our server was great. He even brought individual checks for our group of 10.Although it's not in the most convenient location it is well worth the trip to go out of your way to get here.
3	I give them an A on creativity and a C on execution. The hall seemed more like a cafeteria then a restaurant. There is little privacy and too much reverberation. The beer is really good which wins most of the stars. The pierogies..., let's just say that they were hard to finish. This is a great place for a tourist but not a local favorite.
4	Just got back from Church Brew Works, as we had a pretty good experience. There were probably 40 people in the restaurant, but the sprawling size of the place makes it seem empty with that size crowd. It's a really cool space, between the brewing equipment and church relics, so there's a lot to look at and discuss. There's even lots of helpful info about the history of the place and beer brewing in the menu.We started with the "Nontraditional Pierogies" (as opposed to the Traditional Pierogies) which change periodically; today they were stuffed with potato, chicken, andouille sausage, peppers, and pepper jack cheese (that I can remember) and DARN they were tasty, just needed a bit of salt though.We also had fries with beer cheese. The fries themselves were okay, Potato Patch style but a little overdone. The beer cheese was pretty tasty as well.For an entree we had the "Cinco Formaggio" (a name I find quite odd, since cinco is Spanish and formaggio is Italian...but I digress). The combination of cheeses plus pine nuts is mild and yet very yummy, the pine nuts add a nice crunch. The crust is heavenly, though I wish it had a teensy bit more salt and perhaps some butter or olive oil to moisten it a bit.We also, of course, tried a couple beers, which were good in my book but I'm not by any means a beer connoisseur, so I can't do much describing other than to say I liked it.Our server was very friendly and helpful -- checked on us enough times, refilled my water, all that good stuff. All in all we definitely enjoyed the meal and hope to come back for more soon!
3	We were confused on where to enter because it was actually a church.  Its been a while since i had to call the place and ask where the front door was.  Even with the call, I was still confused.  So I went to the building that looked like a church, and went inside.  Then boom, beer flowing the rooftops...ok that's an imagination that I have.  We went down the middle aisle and seated half day the church.  There was beer filters, bars, tables, and tvs.  I wasn't sure if it was blasphemous or simply a restaurant that was renovated in a church.  That's exactly how it is.  Interesting and eerie with a twist of humor.  I ordered the Cod Fish Sandwich which I imagined to be small for only $10.00.  The fish was a bit dry, mainly because I didn't  put any type of dressing on it, so that's my fault.  I don't drink beer...or try not to, so I can't really tell you about the beer.  My coworker liked it.  He had like 10 glasses.  Alki!service is ok.
3	After starting a new job about 2 weeks ago, my supervisor thought it would be a good idea to go out for a bite to eat and a few beers, as part of my introduction to Pittsburgh and as a way to build some rapport outside of the office.  He suggested the Church Brew Works as the venue, with the caveat that he has found their beers to be rather uneven, their food to be suitable, and the location to be quite remarkable.  I had heard about the Church Brew Works before, and I was eager to try out this restaurant.My supervisor was correct when it comes to the beer.  I had a pint of the Heavenly Hefe Weizen, which I found to be rather mediocre.  It was a bit watery for my taste, and there was a flavor I couldn't pick out that seemed a bit off.  For our second round, we chose the Pipe Organ Pale Ale.  This brew had an assertive hoppy essence that was quite enjoyable.  It was pleasantly bitter, and definitely the better of the two beers that I tried.  Compared to other pale ales, though, it was simply OK.We split the Chicken & Chorizo Pizza, which was quite good.  The crust acquired a nice flavor in the brick oven and was crispy.  Toppings were fresh, although I found the grilled chicken to be underseasoned and the chorizo to be a bit bland as well.  I was expecting a spicier sausage.  On the whole, though, the pizza was good.  It was the perfect amount of food for two strapping young men to share.  At $15.50, I thought the price was fair for the amount and quality of food.The real star at the Church Brew Works is the building.  It is clearly a unique setting, and it was a lot of fun to enjoy a few beers at this location.  For a Wednesday evening, it was quite busy so they have clearly built up a following.  I would certainly return, in search of a better beer from their selection.
4	This is an old church that was turned into a brewery.  I think people mostly go here to drink beer, but since we don't drink, we like to go here for the cool atmosphere & their pizza is pretty darn good.
4	This place is COOL.  The only micro-brewery located INSIDE a church in the country, according to their brochure.  We'd likely change religions if we lived in Pittsburgh.$15 to sample 8 different beers, and they are generous 5-oz pours.  We went home with 2 growlers.  There's something for almost every taste.
4	We just spent a weekend in Pittsburgh and heard from several people that we had to try the Church Brewery!  I'm glad we did.  We went with a good sized group (7 of us) and sat outside - initially.  We ordered a few beer samplers and hummus to start - hummus never came, but we didn't care b/c we also got the special perogies.  Then - the rain came - the manager opened the fancy-shmancy awning....to no avail - the rain kept coming down harder.  Just as our server was bringing our entrees - we were making our way inside to avoid the deluge.  Fortunately we had no problem getting an inside table to enjoy our meals.Our vegetarian friends weren't impressed at all with their meals (it's definitely more meat-friendly of a menu).  However, my partner and I shared:  appetizer perogie, crab cake entree, and a side of poblano mac and cheese.  We ate every last little nibble - and it was all fantastic.  The beers were very good too!  All of this was just capped off by the beautiful architecture and decor within the old church.  Next time we're in Pittsburgh, we're definitely going back!
3	I had high expectations for this place as its a Pittsburgh legend as far as restaurants go.  I wans't necessarily let down, but I can't see what all the type was about.The beer was good.  We got one German style beer and one American style brew with 3 types of hops.  Both were great.  We split the tuna appetizer (4 stars) and the black bean soup with cilantro sour cream (4 stars) and a salmon salad (4 stars). So why three stars?  Over priced for what you get - luckily we were not too hungry our we would have left craving more.  Also, the service was so so at best and the food took more time than usual.   I didn't really like the environment of the outdoor seating either. Overall, I would return but have mixed feelings about the reputation this place has been able to build for itself.
5	If you aren't freaked out by the fact that this place realy is in a church, you'll have a good time.I've been here several times over the years.  The beer is great and the atmosphere is fantastic.  The high ceilings in this place are the perfect antidote to the closed in and claustrophobic feelings that you get at most bars.
4	We heard about this place from a fellow out of town conference attendee, and loved the idea of a brewery in a church a la McMenamin's Chapel Pub in Portland, Oregon, so we grabbed a cab and headed out.The restaurant is indeed housed in a former catholic church and for that gets 2 stars. Seating options were outdoors or indoors; bar or restaurant. We selected the restaurant which we later learned has a separate menu from the bar seating. This is important, since the restaurant menu doesn't offer the pizzas which were pretty much the best thing there. I mean that in a good way, the pizzas are similar to the kind you might find in northern Italy, in fact it might have been the best pizza I've had outside of Italy. Also recommended: the spinach, feta and gouda dip. The menu was interesting and we enjoyed the bison and mushroom meatloaf, wings  and several types of perogies, but the dip and pizzas were the high points for us.The beer was excellent. We ordered a sampler and then each had a pint of our favorite. The Dunkel was a winner as was the seasonal hopless Ambrosia. Really fine beers for all palates. While not cheap, the prices were reasonable for the quality of food and ambiance. Service was excellent, and in later conversation we tabbed our waiter Shawn, "Porter Laureate", for his artfully accurate descriptions of the various beers.I would return here if the opportunity should ever arise.
4	When I lived in Iowa, I would come to Pittsburgh to visit my girlfriend. One of the first places we went out to eat was here. We got a pizza and a microbrew and both were simply amazing. I flew back home reminiscing about the perfect crust, the chewy and substantial cheese and the sauce which exploded with flavor. Since then, my girlfriend (now wife) have come back numerous times. Only problem: we can't remember what it was we ordered that first night. By now, we have tried virtually everything on the pizza menu, and all are very good--well above average--but we have yet to have a repeat of that first experience. Perhaps it was just the magic of budding romance that made everything taste so good. At any rate, we bring out of town friends here often since the space is so neat--high ceilings and pipe organs towering next to glossy stills. The beers are complex and classy--a must try.
4	A few familiy members were in town to see a Pirates day game and they had gone to the Church Brew Works last year and enjoyed it, so I joined them this year to grab a beer and small bite to eat before the game.  I hadn't been here in awhile since I had lived near Philly for the last 5 years, so I was looking forward to it.     The atmosphere is unique because you're drinking in an old church and because of all of the tanks of brewing beer throughout.  Mmmmmmm.  I had 2 seasonal drafts, Lavender Summer Ale and Ambrosia Ale.  Both beers weren't what I would normally care for because they were light and floral tasting with citrus notes, but on that particular day it was about 91 outside and muggy and they both hit the spot. Not too heavy and very refreshing.                                                   I ordered the Cajun Risotto Fritters for a quick bite and they were very good.  Crunchy on the outside and creamy on the inside with chorizo and jack cheese.  They were served with Tabasco aioli which was a little spicy and just made me drink my beer a little quicker.  Not a bad thing.     We sat at the bar and our bartender was very knowledgeable and pleasant.  The only negative about our visit was that the hardwood floor near the bar was very sticky.  I don't know why since they had just opened for the day. Maybe someone forgot to clean it, but it was just a minor annoyance.
4	Voted Pittsburgh's best eatery many years in a row. This old Roman Catholic church turned brewery/restaurant had great ales and specialty brews, an extensive wine list, a huge vodka selection and the best menu in western Pennsylvania. The brick oven pizzas are incredible with imaginative toppings.  Try a sampling of all the beers including the bottled fresh Thundergod IPA, and the Pius monk dunkle. All of the stained glass windows are intact and all of the tables and bar stools were fabricated from the church pews. The outdoor patio area reminds me of eating outdoors in Germany. One is completely surrounded by red brick ivy covered walls. I've had friends from New York, Vancouver, and Toronto visit Pittsburgh and I've taken them here for dinner and they all had a great time. They also have said that the Church Brew Works is a one of a kind place and only Pittsburgh could pull it off.
5	Amazing!!! I must say I'm not big on beer so I wasn't very excited to go here for dinner.  Being new in town we were excited to try this place once we heard it used to be a church turned Brewery.  We sat at the bar and got the best service ever! Our bartender ( I don't remember her name but she was tall, skinny with straight blonde hair) was AMAZING!!! She happily pointed out some of her favorites and helped us guide our way through their menu.  We ordered their 5 cheese pizza and added Spinach and Pepperoni.  It was so good! I can't eat to much tomato sauce things so it was nice that it was a garlic and olive oil base.  We also ordered their side Caesar which had homemade dressing.  Yum Yum!My partner ordered their beer sampler and I got the Moscow (Something...damn it I forgot the rest of the name.) But it was vodka, ginger beer and a little lime.  It was so good I'm going to try and make it at home.  All in all this place was yum yum good! And she even gave us some tips on places to go around town.  Great place, Great service and yum yum food!! I'm going to be back sooner than I'd like to admit!
4	This is one of my favorite places to eat and drink in Pittsburgh.  The beer is awesome and where else in the city can you get a good bison burger.  Oh yeah...it is housed in an old Catholic church which gives it a great atmosphere.  If you're in the 'Burgh, definitely check it out!
4	get sloshed in a.. church.  heck yeah!  whoever thought of putting a microbrewery in a church is a genius.. try the 5 spice beer.  food is not bad.  stay away from the pittsburg salad.  french fries on top of salad is not a good combination.  come on pittsburg.. u can come up with something better than that!
5	I came here with a friend of mine while visiting Pittsburgh. We were driving down some street and I noticed this old church-style building with a big sign that read BREW WORKS outside. On a spur of the moment decision, my friend pulled the most illegal u-turn to pull into a side street while we went on a new adventure. Inside, I couldn't decide if I was walking into Sunday mass (this also happened to be a Sunday that we went) or if it was a restaurant. All of the original stained glass windows are still in place, and where the alter used to be is where they now have all of their beer. We sat at the bar and ordered a sampler platter of beer to try. It came on this cool place-mat with descriptions of each beer that we were drinking. The bartender was very nice and helped us with every question we could come up with. The food was alright. Better than average I would say. But it seems like you don't come here for the food so much as you do the setting and for their beer. It was an awesome experience that I wish I get to experience again the next time I am in PA. Plus, we got our picture taken for the local newspaper for a story on this place! Couldn't get any better than that! Definite recommendation in my book
5	Just went back, still in awe of the place.  Wanted to throw my vote behind the smoked gouda spinach dip.  Quite tasty.
5	LOVE THIS PLACE!!  We stop here every time we visit friends.  Awesome building with awesome food and beer.  I usually get the Steak salad.  I haven't found one any where else that comes close yet.  It may be the fries on top or the best ranch dressing around.  It could be the beer too!  The Pilsner is great.  Wish they had an amber but I'm not complaining.  We have also had the pizza which ask anyone...I am not a big pizza person, but it was very very good.  Brick oven pizza that is hot and delicious.  Hoping we get to sit outside this time.  Large private area with a hop garden.  Really cool place to stop and grab lunch or dinner!
4	This place is pretty amazing.   Big old Catholic church repurposed as a brew pub with vats where the alter was.  It ended up looking like an old german beer house with long benches for communal-esque enjoyment.  I Went with the pub menu, though they have quite an extensive regular, i guess, menu.  Buffalo burger was perfectly cooked, med rare, and tasty as can be.  Grabbed an excellent dark beer I don't recall the name of and I was happy as can be.  Hopefully I'll get a chance to venture back here and try some other fare next time I'm in Pitt.
5	Let's just say this place was the first time I could say "I'm going to Church!"  I love the whole concept of turning an old (and beautiful) church into a brewery!  The ceilings are so high and the whole floor plan is just open.  You can see every corner of the room and it's so inviting.  One tip a friend offered is to sit on the bar side to get beer specials and a cheaper menu.  We actually had a fairly large group so it was impossible to find seating for all of us at the bar on a Friday night around 8:30 pm.  Instead, the hostess accommodated us with a long family style table in the corner and we were still able to order off the bar menu!  I started off with the Pious Monk Dunkel, which was an exceptionally smooth and tasty lager.  I followed up with a spiced ale, which was surprisingly pleasant and fitting to the season.  Many of us tried the Buffalo Burger, which they all raved about and made us all wish we had ordered the same.  Love this place and hope to return to try some more brews and the Buffalo Burger!Note: there is also outdoor seating!
3	Good beer. Decent food.
3	I went here to eat last week and it was beautiful,  The waitress/ bar tender was GREAT! Just curious has anyone noticed an awful smell?! I think its part of the brewing process but I really couldnt even eat it bothered me so much. Does anyone know if its liek that ll the time. There was a gentleman working on the alter so perhaps it was just bad timing? any input, id like to go back but scared ill be sick!? Food was good and beer was GREAT though.
4	I will start by saying we didn't have anything to eat. However, the beer was good and the atmosphere was incredibly unique. Worth a stop.
3	Such an interesting and mixed experience.  Atmosphere: Very cool.  Your booth is a pew.  The interior is gorgeous.  Its awesome.The Service: Quite underwhelming.  Waited a LONG time before we saw a server.  When he eventually showed up he was good, but he was obviously milking a big group for a big tip while we sat and waited.The Food: Delicious pot pie, decent cheesesteak sandwich, underwhelming perogis.The Beer: Had one great "Fresh Hop" ale and then one kind of lousy Pale Ale (weak carbonation).I'm glad we went to enjoy the experience.  If service improves it would be an excellent destination.
3	First impression, quite an awesome building. I walked through the front doors of the church (flashbacks/guilt kicked in automatically) to a camera crew. Apparently the Food Network was filming some sort of show because of their pierogies (which is pretty cool).  It was a bit hectic inside so we decided to take advantage of the weather and sit in the courtyard. The outdoor courtyard was nice and cozy. I have been in better ones but I have definitely been in worse ones. Food: I got the a Mediterranean salad, although I was a bit hesitant because it was $16 with shrimp.  The old man was footing the bill so I went for it but was a bit underwhelmed when the salad came out.  For $16 I was excepting a Mediterranean island on my plate...but no. My sister got the pierogies which were decent.  They were a bit cold by the time I got to them which was my fault. My dad got a fish sandwich which was the best thing on the table. Crunchy, flakey, moist (eww) Drinks: Solid beer list but I opted for wine tonight. It was a chilly night so I went with red. One glass of Cab Sav and one glass of Zinfandel. Delish. Pros: Architecture, Great drink list, outdoor seating, nice but awkward waiter, changing specialsCons: Strangely expensive for random items, cheesy plastic furniture on patio (really? you spend how much money on redoing the venue but you couldn't throw some wrought iron furniture into the mix), food took a bit but I think that was because of the Food Network event. Overall: Will go back. I think I will just get some apps and focus more on drinking my meal.
2	Sorry, Church Brew, I'm just not that impressed.  You have the potential to be a seriously hip place, but you're just not there yet.First off, I know you were a church at one point, but what's with the lingering old-lady-smell?  Not very appetizing...Second, what's with the tattered menus?  I was kind of grossed out just touching the menu--it was old, stained and falling apart.  Unfortunately, it kind of made the contents look unappetizing, too.Third, the beer was pretty tasty, but served lukewarm!  The sweet potato fries were served cold and limp!The service was okay, but felt kind of like Applebee's service--not service you'd expect to find at a Pittsburgh "establishment."  Step it up, Grandma.
3	The building= 5 starsDrinking beer at a church= seems a little blasphemous but a unique experience (4 stars)Service= The waitress was NO help in explaining any dishes or what was popular, and we didnt have enough place settings at a large booth for only 4 people (2 stars)Food= nothing special at all...maybe I should have waited the hour and a half for a pizza, but my stomach wasnt down for that.  I had jumbalaya, my sis had some sandwich, and we got perogies which were somewhat tasty (2.5 stars)Beer= asked for a glass and gave me a pint...Just wanted to try it because I was at a brewery, and I didnt even finish it.  (2 stars)Ambiance= had this weird, hoaky vibe to it that I couldn't quite explain. (3 stars)Overall, the only thing this place has going for it is the fact that you can have beer in a church...and the building is historical.
5	Great brick open pizzas... my favorite is the southwest pizzaGreat variety and taste of home brewed beers.My friends had the filete mignon and the mat loaf and both were really good.
3	I cannot speak to the food here, but drinking beer in a church seems so wrong and so right at the same time.We sampled 3 or 4 of the beers brewed in house and they were all wonderful. One of the Belgian Style Ales (I forget the name) was absolutely delicious.Along the same lines as many other reviews the service left a bit to be desired. Oh Church Brew Works I wanted to give you 4 stars but servers that get salty because we aren't ordering food? Minus 1 star. I mean c'mon the name of the place has Brew in the name. Maybe we should've stayed sitting at the bar...Regardless, an awesome place to check out simply for drinking beer in what used to be a church!
5	My favorite restaurant in the Burgh, this place has yet to let me down.I love that they have a specials page in the menu, so I make it a point to order something from it every time I visit. From chanterelle soup (with a nice story about the owner picking the mushrooms himself), to the Octoberfest pizza, to the bolognese lasagna, to the special pierogis - nothing on this menu has disappointed me in the least. I like that this part of the menu goes along with the seasons as well, it keeps the food fresh and keeps me on my toes when searching for dinner.On a special note, the pizza here is definitely underrated. The crust is fantastic and you can actually see the pizza station tucked away in a corner of the church, so you know exactly what work goes into making such a delectable dough delight.Along with the food, the beer is good as well. One of my pet peeves is a brewery that makes a watery stout (see: rock bottom), and thankfully the beer at the Church meets my expectations. Their seasonal/rotating beers are a great way to switch things up as well, and I have found myself contemplating the finer points in life while enjoying many of their brews.If you hate good food and good beer, the setting itself is worth a visit. On my first visit, I couldn't believe that this place is actually just a church that was renovated to a brewpub. Stained glass windows - check, pipe organ - check, pews for seating - check. This place has it all.So go for the food, beer, and atmosphere, get one of the specials and a new beer, and leave happy.
4	Pros: great food (love the un-traditional pirogies), great beer, great service, cool ambiance - it's not just housed in a church, but a pretty impressive-looking one if I do say so myself. My dad got a kick out of waiting in a pew to be seated.Cons: no smoking in the pub area (although I understand not wanting to damage the church with prolonged cig exposure), and a bit pricey for the quality of fare. They try to straddle Pittsburgh food and NY sophistication to middling success.I always bring out-of-town visitors here for dependably good food and beer with a bit more excitement than is found in most of Pittsburgh.
2	Oh no.....this is now a fallen angel of a formerly heavenly restaurant.  Seraphim and cherubim must be weeping....what happened?!   This has always been my go-to spot for out of town friends....and was again last night.  Alas, it will be no more.  Service was spotty, the food was extremely disappointing....even the drinks were off.  Let me 'splain.The Moscow Mule I confidently ordered wasn't even a glimmer of what one SHOULD be...not even a sprig of mint, let alone muddled mint.  Sigh.  Tasted like vodka (well, you couldn't actually taste it, WEAK drink!) and tonic with a sliver of lime....sheesh.  Where was the ginger beer?  They even make their own ginger beer...or maybe they don't anymore.  The Pittsburgh salad?  Come on.....the fries on top were fine, but the rubbery, melted mess of cheese covering SPROUTS (dear Lord, sprouts on a Pittsburgh salad?  Mon Dieu!).  The grilled shrimp were more like previously cooked, warmed up rubbery (again with the rubbery) things.  At my recommendation, my companion had the buffalo meatloaf which was dried out on top of dry mashed potatoes.  I used to CRAVE the buffalo meatloaf, dream about the moist, mushroomy wonders of it.  No more.  Even the bread was just boring sliced Italian....what happened to the wonderful multi-grain bread they used to make?  Apparently thiere is new management or a new kitchen staff.  Please, bring back the former glory that the angels used to spread their wings and sing over....until I see that sight over Lawrenceville, I won't be back.  So sad.
3	For people into the basics here it is short n' sweet:Location/Building: 5/5 Beautiful. Unique. Interesting. Very open and airy. A distinct smell of yeast and a mix of delicious food smells.Service: 2.5/5 I'm horribly disappointed by our reservation not being a reservation at all and really rushing our meal which had originally intended to go from around 8pm - 10pm.Food: 2/5 While it was not bad food by any means, for the price I could make entire meals with far more flavor. The portions were big, but even big portions of mediocre food isn't all that great.Beer: 5/5 Outstanding. I will definitely be back for more beer, and maybe I'll allow the food another pass. The details:I went to the Church Brew Works for the first time last night. I pass it twice a day 5 days a week and I've been curious for ages as to this fabled fine eatery and brew house within a church. I have to say though, maybe my expectations were too high. The entire point of going was for a friend's birthday gathering. An initial party of maybe 15. She had called days ahead and they said they could accommodate us. Upon arriving we were told it wasn't actually a "reservation" so much as a "request." Regardless of the fact that we had told them how many, what day, and the exact time DAYS in advance. After sitting for 15 minutes we down graded the party to 12 as some people hadn't shown. We grabbed some Pumpkin Stouts and waited another 30 minutes before downgrading to the 9 of us that had shown up and we still waited nearly 10 minutes more. Being under some time constraints this really put a damper on the evening. Although after the almost 50 minute wait we walked through the restaurant which is lovely with gorgeous high ceilings, a festive air, and a glass wall behind the altar through which you can see some of the brewing happening. We were seated on the altar which provides an amazing view of the entire restaurant. Our waiter was efficient, friendly, and apologetic for the wait. We had quick service and refills as often as we needed them. The food though, this is where I was really turned off from ever coming back for a meal. They have two menus; a regular and a pub menu. The regular is very pricey and the pub menu is moderate to somewhat pricey. We all ended up ordering from the pub menu and while the food tasted good I don't think it was worth the 8$ - 12$ a pop. At all.
4	Okay, it smells weird in here - musty church + beer brewing? But the atmosphere and the awesome beer and food make up for it.Pierogies are awesome, the pierogie pizza is good (is it sacrilege that I want to add bacon or sausage to it?) The seven onion soup is heavenly as is the bread pudding.As for the beer, I can only comment on the Millenium Trippel because once I had it, I did not want for anything else. It was that good. Minus a star for Pepsi products....(when I ask for a Coke, tell me you have Pepsi so I can change my order. I can tell.)
4	I LOVE CHURCH! I heard a lot of good things about this brewery. Granted that I am not a beer drinker, i decided to check it out since the food critics on here made it seem good. I'm happy that I listened. The decor is kind of shocking because it is a church indeed w/ beer everywhere BUT once you try the food, all of that goes out the window. One word: AMAZING! Church is a place that is cool to hang out on a Weekend night w/ friends to just kick back & relax. I will definitely be a returning customer.
2	Had not been to CBW in years,  Some old friends were back in Pgh and eager to visit as they are beer fanatics.  I'm not a beer guy -- scotch is my drink -- so I didn't go for the beers.  I was there for the food.The pro:   - Service is good.  Attentive, prompt, friendly and very competent.  Even on a VERY crowded Saturday night when the place was absolutely packed. The con: - Bland and poorly done food.  The soup was tasteless.  The bison rib-eye was all gristle.  Wilted lettuce on the salad and if there was ANY dressing on it, I couldn't taste it.  The fries were typical dive-bar fare.  The only exception were the two pizzas at our table.  Both were very good.  So I guess if you're looking for great beer and tasty pizza, this is your place.  If you want good food, done well, head somewhere else.HINT:  We had a reservation but were told that we'd have to wait about 30 minutes "until our table was ready."  We saw a bunch of empty tables in the bar area and asked if we could wait there and have a drink (or three).  When the server arrived, she said that we could order from the full menu in the "bar."  So if you're stopping by and the "dining room" is packed, head to the bar and have dinner there.  No difference!
4	I was here for the first time this past week while visiting Pittsburgh. What an amazing idea-a brewery/restaurant to a huge old church. The place is so big, just viewing is an experience. The beer and food are very good. My family had a really nice lunch and would definitely go back.
4	Restaurant/brewery in an old church you say? I'm intrigued.Church Brew Works gives you some really good food in a cool atmosphere. I'm not a drinker so I can't report on the brews. Had a pasta dish with shrimp. It was very good. I think all of us really liked our dishes except for maybe the couscous salad. Didn't try the pizza but some of those looked really good.We had to wait about 30-45 minutes for a seat but in part because we didn't mind waiting and didn't feel like hovering in the half of the restaurant with open seating. They take reservations for groups of 8 or larger. Prices are a little on the higher end, but so is the food. Main dishes are in the 15-25 range but they are filling and taste great. Good, knowledgeable servers.My only real complaint, the very poorly marked front entrance. FYI, it is the center door at the front of the church, which seems logical but when you are there, it is not easy to tell.
4	The location would sell the place even if the food and beer were only OK.  The former church is an amazing place to visit in its own right.Fortunately, the beer and food stand up equally well and made for a tremendously enjoyable evening.We were in town for a pre-Christmas get away and went to CBW for dinner on a Wednesday night.We feared the worst when we pulled into the side street and the their lot to see it quite full and figured that were in for a wait inside.  Thankfully, our concerns were unfounded as the place was busy but not crowded.We sat on the "pub" side to the left of the aisle.  Our server arrived promptly with drink menus and quickly gave excellent descriptions of all of their seasonal beers.  I go to a lot of brewery restaurants and one of my biggest peeves are servers who have no clue about the product that they are trying to sell.  It was a pleasure to hear someone enthusiastically describe their beers.I settled on the Mexican Mole Stout.  It was peppery and complex yet really balanced and enjoyable.  It didn't feel "contrived" like many infused beers.  After that, I went on to the barleywine ad have to say it was excellent as well with lots of alcohol warmth, complex malt tastes and very nice notes of the bourbon aging.My wife enjoyed the SteamHammer very much.As an appetizer, we couldn't turn down the fired risotto balls.  They were a wonderful treat and I'm going to try to replicate this recipe.For dinner we settled on the portabello mushroom pizza and it was equally good and adequately portioned.Highly recommended restaurant.
4	A brewery that used to be a church? Does it get any better than this? They brew the beer right where the altar was. It's pretty neat inside. Still churchy, stained glass windows, etc. Once or twice when I went it was a little humid and smelled a little...funky, but it IS a brewery. It's nothing overwhelming that made me have to leave though. To be honest I don't care for their beer too much, it's more of the idea of this place that I love. But the food IS good, I'll give them that.  I would try to go for lunch instead of dinner, because the prices are much higher after 4pm. It's definitely worth trying.
4	i don't doubt that many people have bad experiences at this restaurant, because I can see how a lot of the food is overpriced the hosting station seemed to be a little lackluster.  My experience went quite smoothly however.  I went with four people, after our slightly confused looking hostess found us a seat, we were provided with great service.  The service was intelligent, but in a very scripted manner.  The beer was good, great compared to american craft and decent compared to european breweries.  The building is a lot of fun, huge renovated church with shiny stainless steel fermenting silos covering the side wall and the altar.  I chose the special for the night, which was rib-eye finished in the wood burning oven and a cranberry chutney.  It was good, charred on the outside, not overdone and a good cut of meat to begin with.  The prices are high for what you get though, meaning I wasn't stuffed after my meal.  Main Pro: Good local beerMain Con: The smell of the bar, not the fermentation, was fairly strong.
4	Upon walking in the vaulted ceilings, stained glass, and brass brewing machinery really are a beautiful site to see. Like many other reviewers commented - the environment is pretty awesome. The food and service were pretty great--the meatloaf was delicious while the pierogies were only mediocre. Obviously there was a wide selection of self-brewed beers available. While portions were large the food and brews were a bit on the expensive side. Fair warning: When we went they were brewing something and the place had a definite hopps and cabbage smell...a smell that remained on us for a good 2-3 days. Nonetheless I'd recommend this place to anyone in Pittsburgh.
4	I love Church Brew Works and come here often. They have some great brews and some not so great brews, but they have something for everyone. Their best brews (in my opinion) are the Belgian Tripel, the Mole Stout, the Coconut Stout, and the Dunkel. I've only eaten off of the bar menu, but I find the food to be consistently good. The pizzas are especially excellent. The service is sometimes spotty, but the servers are doing the best they can and are good about communicating about delays. There is one bartender who is kind of a jerk.The ambiance is great. It's a stunning location that was the neighborhood's Catholic church for years. The stained glass windows are especially great. For those of you complaining about the smell - it's a brewery! That's what it smells like when they are brewing. My only complaint is that they sometimes close early at night depending on the crowd.The takeaway growlers are a great value.
4	Its a brewery inside a freak'n church...it looks and feels really cool inside, pulling up your thinking, not they didn't, but, uh, yes they did. The beer is not the greatest but still pretty good, it's worth checking out if your in the city.
3	The quick rundown:- Pretty decent selection of pretty decent beer. Nothing mindblowingly amazing, but above-average across the board, at about the price you would pay for an American macro elsewhere. - The pizza is quite good; other than that, everything is respectable but I don't know that I'd call it 'good.'- Relaxed atmosphere, interesting setting.- $13 filled growler is an absolute steal.From a general food-centric standpoint, this rates at a 3.5. For people who enjoy beer greatly, this is closer to a 4.
3	Fun place to go with a group, but go for the experience, not the food. The beer is pretty awesome usually - I love their Trippel and had a combo IPA/stout the other day that I liked too. Take away their growlers or 750ml are great values. Traditional pierogies are really yummy, and I get them every time. Also enjoyed the onion soup. Friends had pizzas but they're nothing pretty to look at and I didn't try them. I had the filet mignon because I was feeling extravagant, and for under $30 it might have been a steal. But the medium-rare I ordered was grey throughout (not that I was surprised, Pittsburgh consistently does not know how to make beer to order). Our waiter had absolutely no time for us, or I probably would have asked him to take it back or off the bill. All bitching aside, I enjoy going to this place, will go again, and will tell my friends to go. It's a necessary experience.
2	The interior is gorgeous; a high-ceilinged church with the stained glass and mason work in tact. However, the hummus was just average and both of our side order of fries were SO salty that it honestly made our mouths wrinkly like when you swim in the ocean for an hour; disgusting.I had the pulled pork and it was dry, so either it was not slow cooked or it was slow cooked and sat as the juices evaporated around it.It's a shame that such a cool building has such crappy food. Since it's a brewery I kept feeling like they should serve German delicacies but the menu is a hodge podge of pseudo pub food and not very good. A shame.
3	Finally, a pilgrimage that makes sense! If church had been like this when I was a kid, I might not have ended up an atheist. Here, the blood of Christ is a luxuriously smooth Porter, his body a crispy-yet-chewy-crusted pizza straight from the oven and his last temptation a S'mores cheesecake with toasted marshmallows. So sidle up to the bar, commit the deadly sin of Gluttony, and do your Hail Marys all from the comfort of your barstool.This review is an amalgamation of experiences from two visits on consecutive days: 02-27-11 and 02-28-11. The first night I decided to have more bar food type fare. The second I decided to drop my 30 pieces of silver on a few of the fancier items on the menu. I have tried to break up the review into Atmosphere, Beer, and Food ratings, as Church Brew Works seems to fill more than one niche.The outside of the Church Brew Works remains perhaps unchanged from its original lineage as a church. A tasteful sign with gothic lettering announcing it true purpose is the only hint as to what lies within. The building itself is a gorgeous red brick church with heavy wooden doors.Stepping through the doorway to the main hall, you're immediately struck by the gorgeous, spacious surroundings. Everything seems as original as possible, from the stained glass windows, to the paint on the weathered walls. The owners seem to have gone to great pains to preserve the condition of the church as much as they possibly could. The bar and much of the seating is made from the original pews; the brass tubes of the pipe organ sit inert and silent on the mezzanine. Added to the original, traditional accouterment are the latter-day additions: Delicious in their sacrilege, gleaming copper brew tanks occupy the chancel front-and-center, previous home of the altar. Apropos; what better deity for a brewpub? Storage tanks for the final product serry behind the bar; Low half-walls divide the nave into discrete sections without being obtrusive or breaking the flow of the room; a restaurant, like a church, is meant to be a place of gathering, socializing. As I went during the night time on both visits, I deprived myself of the joy of seeing the refulgency of the stained glass windows lit up by the sun. I can only imagine how gorgeous a dining experience that would have been; light streaming down from backlit iconography onto my food. As it was, I was tantalized by a hint of the possible glory: a rogue streetlight illuminated the face on one of the stained glass windows, perhaps staring at me disapprovingly for drinking in a former house of worship.As it was, I felt the restaurant was a bit dark. Perhaps the owners could consider installing lights to light the stained glass windows from the outside during the nighttime? Indirect lighting to illuminate the ceiling, especially of the chancel where the brew tanks now sit would give an awe-inspiring sense of vastness to the room. Right now it just seems rather gloomy during the night.Adtmosphere / Space: An easy five stars out of five. Completely unique surroundings treated respectfully by the renovation. A word of warning: This is not the restaurant to take someone for a quiet, romantic date. This space revels in boisterous celebration and group fun.As impressive as the space is, we're here to talk about the food, aren't we? Any divine inspiration therein? Deliverance from insipid cuisine? Read on.I enjoyed two brews at Church Brew Works, polar opposites of one another, and both superb. The Celestial Gold is a very light, hoppy beer. Here in Texas we would refer to it as a 'lawnmower beer'. Effervescent and light on the palette, but with just enough sting from the hops to let you know something is there. Very nice.The Pepper Porter celebrates the darker forces in the universe. IT is heavy and brooding; decadently smooth with next to no aftertaste, and has very little carbonation, just an ever-so-slight caress of bubbles on the tongue. This porter has replaced Samuel Smith's as my favorite. Of the limited selections of beer I tried, I felt very happy with them both, and they are in the upper echelon of microbrews I've tried. This is a solid Three-point-seven-five out of Five, but let's round it up to four. If I hadn't been to Portland and immersed myself in the country's finest beer culture, it would have been higher.Wow I've almost used up my 5000 characters already. Please petition Yelp to allow more.Pirogi: Excellent, just like great grandmom used to make.Pizza: Chicken and Chorizo. Good but not great.Ice Cream: WONDERFUL malted vanilla with Cinnamon sauce. Some of the best I've had!Buffalo Ribeye: VERY good. The sauteed mushrooms were a highlight.Overall: I wanted to like the food more than I did. The owners clearly had faith in their space and their beer to bring in the customers, but as we all know, faith without works is dead. A disappointing but still solid three stars out of five. I will go again, but for reasons other than food.
5	Came here on 10-10-10, the Food Network was taping a show and we got free beer, appetizers, it was great. The food was excellent, the beers were all completely different. The ambiance is amazing and the staff was friendly.
4	Great beer. Great food. Can be a little packed on weekends, but the wait is always worthwhile. Small outdoor seating area for the summer months is very quaint!
2	I know a lot of people really love this place, but I can't stand it. I literally can't go there anymore because of the smell. I know it's because of the brewery and the yeast they use for the beer. But ugh....I can't shake it. I smell it when I come in, I smell it when I eat and I smell it on me after I leave. It's such a shame too because the place is just gorgeous! Obviously, it used to be a church and they've kept a lot of the original stain glass windows. Even the pews and tables you sit at are originally from the church. I.just.can't.take.the.smell. Also, I'm not really a fan of the beer they brew. I've tried it a bunch of times and it just never seems to stand out for me. The food is not bad either. I've had the pizza's, which are offered in a variety of different types. I seriously just can't take the smell. I'm sure I'll get talked into going again sometime, but hopefully it's in the summer when I can sit outside. The outside does have a great set up. Plus, you don't have the smell. I'm sure the point has come across the smell wasn't there I'd probably not mind the place. It doesn't bother my friends as much as it bothers me, so maybe I'll just chalk it up to having a strong sense of smell.  I'm totally ok with that when it's good smelling things, I swear!
3	Having waited nearly two years to try Church Brew Works, I was sorely disappointed by the food and beer, but overwhelmed by the atmosphere. There's really no comparing the atmosphere to anything else - it's in an old church, of course, and the high ceilings and stained glass windows are overwhelming. Unfortunately, my burger was subpar, and I've never really enjoyed any of CBW's beer - the fact that it was on tap from the brewery didn't help. Furthermore, my waiter was incredibly odd - lame jokes, and all, which detracted a bit from the experience.
4	Have been there before. Don't quite remember the cuisine, but this place you should try, to see how it feels to eat in a church.
4	You walk up the stairs as if you are walking into Church on Sunday AM... and then all of a sudden.... BOOM it is a REAL LIFE Brewery in a CHURCH.We had to wait a long time for a table at the prime of weekend dining -- 8pm Saturday night. Whatever, that is normal. No stars deducted for the hour and half wait.The food was average, I was socked that they could get away with charging $15+ for dinner. I came for the atmosphere, not for the food.The beer was great... what I expected for a brewery.... Creative names, good selection.Great touristy place to visit.FYI this place was EMPTY by 11pm when we left... Come for a late dinner?
3	We were in town visiting family and they were really hyping this place in the days leading up to our visit.  Maybe they'd built it up waaaaay too much for us because although I wasn't disappointed by the food or beer, I wasn't driven to ecstasy like St Teresa of Avila.  The architecture of the place is the main draw here - it's a restaurant/brewery built in an old church and that's really the most fun part.  Once you're over that, it's a microbrewery & restaurant plain and simple.  The food was good - I ordered the pierogies because 'when in Pittsburgh...'; those were fine, but... I was focusing on my delicious Celestial Gold beer.  My wife had a pork-chop encrusted in chorizo which could've been interesting but was rather boring.  The entrees seemed expensive to me.  Maybe not though... maybe that's Pittsburgh prices or something.  The beers were pretty good - Knowing what I know, I would probably just skip the dinner next time and just come here for drinks and the pub-grub.  Did I mention the beer was really good?  It was really good.One minor annoyance was the extremely long wait for the check - there was probably something wrong with the register because even the waitress mentioned she was sorry for the long delay.
3	The environment was very untraditional since its a vacated church. The food options were a good reflection of what's popular in Pittsburgh. I ordered the Pot Pie, which was good. However, I wasn't particularly impressed with the food.
4	I'm waffling between giving this place 3 or 4 stars. Hell, it's a brewery in a church. Okay, its audacity earns it 4 stars.Someone told me that Church Brew Works is one of those places you must take out of town visitors. It took me two and a half years to see the place for myself, but I have to agree. It's beautiful with its stained glass windows and high ceilings, but it doesn't take itself too seriously.I enjoyed the two brews we tried, the Celestial Gold and the Pious Monk. The traditional pierogies we had as an appetizer were also great. The service was friendly and prompt, and our waiter saved our party of two from making a huge mistake and ordering a pizza AND another entree. Don't do this. One pizza for two people is plenty. It could probably feed three people just fine.Unfortunately, this place slips into 3-star territory with its pizza. We split the Southwestern, which had a chipotle-tomato sauce, corn, cheese, and red onion. Interesting flavor combo, but the pie should have been cooked longer. The center of the pie was also too thin, which meant that the tip of each slice always fell apart when I tried to pick the slice up and eat it.I'm not a churchgoer, but I'd visit this particular house of worship again for some beer and pierogies.
5	April 2011 Finally made it back to Pittsburgh and Church City Brew Works. It is still delicious. This time I had the chicken slaw melt and fries with beer cheese sauce. My friend had the watercress salad with shrimp, she loved the house dressing and was tempted to lick the little container. So it was that good. For dessert we had the coconut cake and raspberry ice cream. Turns out it was basically a coconut cupcake and ice cream. Still good just unexpected. It was also very spongy. Service was great and ambiance as fun as ever.
4	Good beers, gorgeous surroundings, super cool idea (brewery in a church? Neat!), good food. There are 2 menus for dinner: the pub menu, for eating at the bar, and the fancier dinner menu. Two people before tip easily ran up a $100 bill with an appetizer, two entrees (nice steaks!) and 2 beers each. Worth it for a special night out (anniversary, etc.). The pub menu is also solid and has standard pub fare - sandwiches, fries. I look forward to eating here the next time I visit Pittsburgh!
4	Four stars for the beer and the experience.  The brews were quite good -- I had the ThunderHop IPA and Pipe Organ Pale, and both fit nicely into the American tradition, with the Pipe Organ being slightly hoppier than expected, with a nice body and rounded flavor, and the ThunderHop approaching super-hop tendencies but not going over the top.  The space is great for visiting with friends and family, as long as nobody will be offended by brewery equipment holding the place of honor on the altar.The food was solid but not a revelation, but it does just what it needs to, to not get in the way of the fun you're having enjoying beers in an old church.  I had a buffalo burger that was well-cooked without drying out at all, and the housemade chips were a great touch.  Our server was very friendly and helpful in navigating the menu and the takeout options (mmm, growlers). I don't know about the pricing, because my in-laws picked up the tab, which I'm sure also added to my enjoyment.  If you like beer, or dining for the experience, this is definitely worth a visit while in the 'burgh.
5	In fide vivo Filii Dei, qui dilexit me, et tradidit semetipsum pro me.My real life is the faith I have in the Son of God, who loved me, and gave Himself for me.(Galatians 2, 20)Yes, I had to look that up. I would check with the website before venturing over here, as they have funny hours of open/ closing depending on the day. We were there for Sunday lunch and had a great time.The food was great, everyone loved their brew and I got to revisit my Catholic school past.The ambiance is absolutely spectacular and the wait staff very attentive.Also, there is plenty of parking behind the Church, so don't sweat the street parking
3	The beers were pretty good. The food was pretty good. Go for the atmosphere at least once. Very original idea for a restaurant.
5	I loved this place. I was just there last night and ordered something so genius. Perogie pizza. It was amazing! It took about 20-25 minutes but it was so worth the wait. If you like perogies you will probably love this pizza. Plus the atmosphere of the restaurant is awesome and different. It's a cool place to go that's unique and fun with all their beer selections!
4	How much fun is this place?!?  I'll tell you.  It's loads of fun.  First things first: a big thank you to Pitt Yelper Kat M. for suggesting husband and I come here on our trip to the 'Burgh.  You were right, we loved Church Brew Works!If you're at all sensitive about your religious iconography, this might not be the place for you.  This former Catholic church -- St. John the Baptist -- was once a well attended congregation which slowly dwindled as the steel mills closed and residents moved out of the neighborhood.  Eventually the Diocese decided to close St. John's doors, sent a priest to desanctify the building, and put it up for sale.  In 1996, after three years of construction (during which the original building and fixtures, including floors, pews, and stained glass windows were carefully restored or preserved), Church Brew Works microbrewery and restaurant opened it doors.  While some of the former congregants are unhappy with this holy conversion, for the most part CBW has been quite well received not only in the neighborhood, but by Pittsburghers on the whole.  [We got all this helpful info from our excellent server -- good on CBW for educating its servers about the history of the church and brewery.  You *know* these questions come up often.]For two heathens like husband and me, downing tasty microbrews in a church pew overlooking beer tanks occupying a former altar is nothing short of a religious experience.  We enjoyed the Pious Monk Dunkel, Paganator Doppel Bock, Thunder Hop IPA, Millennium Trippel, and a special brew for their Caribbean-themed kick-off-to-summer celebration, Coconut Stout.  CBW makes some mighty fine brews.  Husband also had an order of their housemade pierogi.  The flavor of the day was alligator and plantain with a spicy mango sauce.  CBW is such a different place, the kind of spot you wish would open up in your own neighborhood.  Our brewery, which art in Pittsburgh, hallowed be thy name.  Forever and ever.  Aaaaa-men.
3	The Church Brew Works has a lot to like. The church architecture gives it a special ambiance. I used to live in the Czech Republic and CBW reminded me of some of the old buildings there which had been turned into restaurants and pubs.  Their beers are good. Their hefeweizen and (currently) their coconut stout are exceptional.Everything else? Sort of underwhelms me. The food is pricey but the quality is sub-par. I've been there several times in the last year, and tried everything from the soups to the sandwiches to the pizza. Yesterday I had the lobster bisque, some of my friend's thai wings, and a slice of the mushroom pesto pizza. The bisque wasn't worth the $7 I paid for it. The wings were good, but not great. I thought the pizza was salty and rather bland tasting overall.I've had other pizzas that were better in the past (from the CBW), but again. They aren't anything spectacular. The service really varies. I've gone there during a weekday and had to wait forever. Other times, the waitstaff was spectacular. So in a nutshell:Positives: Good beer, nice environment. Negatives: Food quality and price.
4	This place had it all.  The ambiance was amazing, as it felt as if you were either in Germany at a beergarten or in a church about to go to Sunday Mass.  We chose the beer sampler and it was phenomenal with all the different flavors in front of you.  We chose the chicken wings for an appetizer along with the non traditional pirogues.  The wings were great, but the pirogues left something to be desired.  For the main course, I ordered the cheesesteak, which was one of the best I had ever had.  Overall I would love to go back to this place and try some new beers along with a different meal.  I would give this a 5 for the beer and a 4 for the food.
5	My friend brought me here one night a few years ago.  Our get together here was the last night of my trip, so it has lasted in my mind as a memorable landmark.  At the time I was astonished to see such an interesting setting.  What an amazing place, reminiscent of steam-punk and religious vestibules.  There are organ pipes and pews and there is no place like it in Boston.  So by the end of my little night I was too tired to fight the allure that still today I yearn for.  Church Brew Works is on my must see list for the next trip I take to Pittsburgh.
3	What a neat concept - a brewery and restaurant in an old church. Feels so wrong but yet so good.Not only the ambiance but the beer is why you should come. As for the food, it is mediocre and a bit bland so would suggest passing on a meal there. If you are looking for a quiet spot too this might not be the place for you as the noise does echo throughout the building.
3	Good food which is the most important factor, obviously. Creative menu- simple but with good variety. Also great atmosphere- who doesn't love unconventional uses for lovely churches? But the service was not great. Our waiter brought us the wrong wine, forgot our appetizers, and generally neglected us. Despite the service I would recommend it overall for the experience.
4	Lately I have been frequenting the Church Brew Works because of visitors coming into town and because my office really likes to order lunch from there. This is what I have found. Since I am in summer work out mode I tend to eat salads and protein a ton. What's better than a Buffalo Brgr! I get this as my lunch every so often. Juicy, lean, flavorful, bison, cooked medium well! No bun with a side of broccoli. It keeps me full, tastes wonderful and powers me up for a P90 workout! I also LOVE the Pulled pork sandwich and Cuban! I did like the pulled pork better when they served it on a pumpernickel raisin bun! So lets talk fire brick oven pizza! I like simplicity so the mozzarella, basil is my favorite! Pair that with the beer sampler and you have quite a nice Saturday afternoon couples outing! The last time I went to dine with my family we all ordered different items then shared everything! We had the shrimp carbonara, crispy vegetarian polenta, and the Buffalo and wild mushroom meatloaf. The carbonara was creamy and bacony, just as it should be. The meatloaf was super juicy and had a very good flavor, my dish the veggie polenta was tomato based and just ok, It is perfect option if you are vegan or watching calories! I just love bringing out of towners here, the majestic space and the ambiance, are unmatched. Be ready to become infused with a hoppy humidity! There is also a cute outdoor patio that is very inviting. Everyone in Pitt should frequent here! On a side note, I had ordered a pizza to go for my family the day we went since they had helped me move. It ended up being burned on the top so check your to go's! Management was extremely accommodating and hooked me up with a pie when I brought my friend for the sampler! Thanks Brew works!!
3	I used to love CBW but in the past several years, they have become more pricey and the food quality has gone downhill. Their pizza is delicious and the beer is ok but not great. Their salads are generally very good too. Everything else I would say is about average for Pittsburgh.  The service there also tends to be slow.  All in all the atmosphere is cool but the food and service could probably use a little improvement. I would say it's still worth going on occasion for a pint and a pizza.
4	I really like this place and am a frequent patron on my regular trips to Pittsburgh. The brews are fresh and the selection is awesome. The food is typically good pub-grub...nothing exotic but hearty and tasty. The decor maintains the beauty of this old church...terrific stained glass work.Probably an extra half star if the bartenders that worked here were a bit more interactive. The wait staff is pleasant and helpful but the folks behind the bar generally act as though they're doing you a favor drawing a cold one...what's up with that? The space can tend to 'echo' a bit but a nice place to spend an hour or two with friends.
4	OK - I love this place.  Not because the food is the greatest (although the cinco fromaggio pizza is wonderful, the buffalo and wild mushroom meatloaf is very good and the French onion soup might just be the best in the city), but because it is such a great atmosphere.  It is an absolutely beautiful space.  However, for religious patrons, it might feel a little sacrilegious.  But for drunken heathens like me, it's great fun.  I always take out of towners here because it is such a unique space.  The beer isn't bad either.  I love my agnostic mother's comment, the first time she walked in the place - "This is beautiful.  They should do this with ALL of the churches!"
3	I love concept of a church being reused as a brewery. Beer isn't something to write home about, but I will be back to try their collection. The atmosphere is great. Although, we sat outside and the flies were annoying. Don't sit outside. The inside is where the atmosphere is anyways. Food was decent. I didn't get the pizza but heard it is good. Great place to take visitors.
4	Church Brew Works is just cool. I love these church converts into new and different uses. Takes a beautiful structure and breathes new life. Church Brew Works is a large, open hall of eating and drinking. And drinking many fine brews. I really love CBW beer, and often buy cases at local beer distributors. So aside from the interior awesomeness of the church, there is ample outdoor seating that is just lovely in the nicer weather. Atmosphere-check.The food is very good, but in my opinion a little pricy. The best deals are sandwiches or their wood fired pizzas. But still a couple things bother me. Like if you want sweet potato fries with your sandwich - its a $2 up-charge. But if you look at the prices on the side orders menu the price difference of regular fries to sweet potato fries is only $1.50. It just kinda makes it seem like they are trying to get more money from you than is justified by their own menu. Another example would be that the lunch serving and dinner serving of Jambalya are something like $8 in difference but the portion size does not change or is negligible. Just doesn't seem right. Aside from the pricing everything I have has there is very good. A lot of good drinking food...hearty, and very often interesting. Service is really good here. One time we had to wait before someone got to our table, and we were comped some drinks. I thought it was really good customer service, very appreciated. This is a good place for large groups, also a good place to bring visitors who might appreciate good local beer. Cheers!
4	I came to the church brew works not to enjoy their brews (sadly I am not quite the right age); however, I did get to chow down on some of their food.This place is real cool on the inside.  They didn't even strip out the pews; they turned them into booths.  It was real cool.First, we got a little (and when I say little, i mean little) appetizer of nontraditional pierogies.  They were buffalo chicken pierogies.  I think they were like $8 bucks or something, and there were only 4 little pierogies.  I mean they were delicious, but there were only four?  Kind of a rip off.For our meal we got the pizza.  It was also great.  We got the plum tomato pizza, and the cook even added our request of mushrooms on it.  My only suggestion is that they should let you get different sizes of the pizza because we wanted to try two different kinds of pizza, but we couldn't because the pizzas only came in the one large size.  I would defiantly go back to this place to get another pizza.  I cannot wait until i am 21, so i can try their home brews.
4	When visiting Pittsburgh with my boyfriend, our plan was to walk everywhere, but after hearing about this place, we were curious enough call a cab and head out there.  And it was totally worth it.  For a business that is founded on an incredibly sacrilegious setup--a brewery in a church--the entire concept is carried out rather tastefully.  The church is highly preserved and still very beautiful.  Yes, you might be sitting on a pew while drinking your beer, but the waitresses aren't walking around in nuns' habits or anything cheesy like that.  They offer a beer sampler that includes all their regular brews and seasonal taps.  There was a nice variety of dark to light beers.  None of them were out-of-this-world amazing, but all of them were quite good.  Only reason I can't give this place 5 stars is the location.  You feel a bit out in the middle of nowhere, which isn't always ideal for a night of drinking.  However, I'd highly recommend this place otherwise.
5	My husband and I just love that place! We used to live in Pittsburgh. Now whenever we visit pittsburgh we have to go there! Great place, fantastic pizza and tasty beer!
4	I love beer, craft beer to be specific. When I visited Pittsburgh I had to make a visit for top notch craft beer. Unfortunately did not have enough time to visit Fat Heads during my visit, but Church Brew filled my need for craft beer.I loved the setting, some might think a church being converted into a brew house is wrong, but they really have done a nice job here. It is definitely a prettier setting for a brew house than I am used to.The waitress we had was really nice and suggested that we go with a sampler since we were trying various beers. This was a great idea and let us sample all the draft beers they serve. I enjoyed all the beer I sampled, some more than others, but they were all tasty.As a visitor to Pittsburgh unfortunately Church Brew Works is in what appears to be middle of nowhere, but it was well worth the cab fare.
4	Love the Brewworks, especially their pizza, their pierogies and their watercress salad with salmon. Oh, and the beer. Thumbs up!! My only suggestion is that they improve the lighting in their courtyard to something more subtle. There's just too much glare at the moment.
2	I took my wife there for our anniversary. We usually visit The Church Brew Works a couple times a year. The food and beer was always phenomenal every other time we visited. This time we went at about 4:00 PM on a Saturday. The restaurant was only about 2/3's full. The first thing we noticed was everything from the front doors, to the chandeliers, to the bathrooms, were very dusty, dirty and dingy. There were spider webs hanging from the ceiling in the dining room. We were almost afraid to eat there.      My wife's appetizer came out 10 minutes after mine and was over cooked. Our dinners were overall well below average for the price. Our favorite entrees were definitely not the same. The flavors were not what they were before and the portion size was too small.    The bar tender was drinking beer behind the bar which seemed very unprofessional. It seems like this restaurant is under new management and they have lost their good chefs. I think the owner needs to watch "Bar Rescue" on Spike, because this place is in trouble.
3	I went to the Church Brew Works based on a recommendation from a native of the burgh.   It is a very unexpected and interesting setup.  If you didn't know you were going to a restaurant, you really don't find out until you walk into the 'church'.   I'm a thin crust - brick oven pizza junkie !!  If there is a brick oven in the house, I usually can't resist.  I ordered the Chicken & Chorizo Pizza  - Chicken breast, chorizo sausage, basil oil, plum tomatoes, minus the red onion and jack cheese.  Pizza was good, not great but good.  Next time I will probably try the Buffalo & Wild Mushroom Meatloaf.   I also had the basket of homemade chips and these would have been a whole lot better if they were served warm.
5	Church Brew Works is one of the reasons I moved to Pittsburgh! Well, not completely true, but it is one of the cool things about Pittsburgh for sure. Church is turning out to be a regular go-to place on Saturday or Sunday afternoons for me, with my wife and/or friends. That time of the day on the weekend it is usually pretty quiet (serene?). It can get extremely busy in the evenings, though. The beers are great, the food is better than you would expect (and in its own right very good), and service is usually good too. I'd say on the food front the pizzas are the best. And stick to the basics (e.g., pepperoni). I've tried their bison burger once and wasn't a fan, though kudos to the kitchen for putting out a medium rare burger that was actually medium rare (I find at a lot of places in Pittsburgh that if you order medium rare you get medium instead).Go to Church. Enjoy. Repeat.
4	On a weekend trip to PA, we spent a day at Kennywood and then headed to Liberty Ave and the Church Brew Works. My sister and her boyfriend had taken my folks a while back and we had heard about this old Catholic church that had been converted into a brew pub and restaurant. So a day at the amusement park required a good, cold beer to close things out. Now the idea of drinking in a church seems somewhat sacrilegious to one who grew up evangelical Methodist. In my home church, you don't drink - or at least you don't admit to fellow parishioners that you enjoy what Ben Franklin called the "nectar of the Gods." So to walk into a holy cathedral to get our drink on was weird, but I was so glad we went.The church is huge. This place must give "overhead" a run for its money. It's a beautifully maintained church, with much of the decor intact. Pews for bench seating, the altar rail, lights, Windows, no crucifixes, Marys or Saints, thank God - perhaps that would be too much. The menu was a little foodsy-artsy, but not too expensive (for foodsy-artsy) and it was tasty. I had a turkey & brie sandwich that made me very happy.  I am not a beer connoisseur, so I can't really judge the beer, but I liked mine, Ian liked his, and my sister and Brad (Brad brews his own  award-winning beer) liked theirs, so I'd say that's great.Why not five stars? Well, I have to say we had the bar menu, which was reasonably priced for the food. The other side of the church was the "restaurant." I think if you charge much more for the same kind of food in this noisy of a place (old churches echo a lot), it would be a bit pricey for what you end up getting.  But for the bar menu and beer - a job well done!
5	Hit this place up on a weekend trip to PA. First off, let me explain that up until 1996, this place was a church and a beautiful one at that. Even though they brew their own been on the former alter, store their liquor in the old confessionals, and make their pizza pies where the old organ used to play, they kept all the stained glass, high ceilings, and rose window from this place. While I did feel somewhat sinful eating and drinking there, my experience here was excellent. We had been drinking all day, so that did not stop there. Nice mix of homemade beers from pilsner to stout. GF ordered a french onion soup that was delicious. Table ordered a white pizza with chicken and spinach which was decent. Customer service was excellent here. I joked with the server that for working at a place like this, her penance would be that she had to carry around the extra heavy menus. She agreed on commented how it was tough with 10 toppers. The mgr, Phil, saw I was wearing a Chicago Bears shirt and start making fun of it with another employee. Of course, I started jawing back and forth with him. He came over to the table and was very friendly. He comped a round of drinks and I asked him where I could buy some of their pint glasses (see photo, glass says on the 8th day man created beer). He came back with 4 glasses for our table on the house. Saved me the trouble of having to steal them. haha. If you can get past the place that this place used to be a church, you are in for a treat at this place. I would recommend it to all.
4	Magnificent building!  So thankful they saved the building and provided another unique dining choice.  I've sat next to nuns, I've sat next to priests, I've been to the Church Brew Works with my mom and grandmother...and we all loved it.  Granted I have seen people walk in and spin on their heels to get out as quick as possible after seeing the placement of the brewing equipment, but that is so very rare.  I often have people in town for business and this is almost always on my tour of Pittsburgh.
4	Is there anything more wrong their drinking beer at church? Yeah my pure enjoyment of the debauchery, why did my beer taste so much better in a church? Wine never does. And not only was my brew delicious it was priced right, my 2 fantastic pints were between $2.50 and $4.50 and both on point. So as far as grub... It was way overpriced. We had Pierogies, which from my understanding are unique to the Burgh, they were delicious for four $3.25 for potato and cheese and $7.00 for Sausage and sauerkraut which was amazing. I had the Jambalaya which was pretty good, but not $18.00 good. So while the food and drink was good the price needs help, at least on the food. Beautiful Church by they way I hope you heathens enjoy drinking your wicked brew in it as much as I did.
4	Really cool concept, but nothing too original here. In Pittsburgh, there are bars, condos, concert venues, etc that were all once churches. The beer is great - get the munk dunkel, skip the mole stout - and you can take home a pony too!
5	It may feel slightly...different...dining in the middle of a church -- but if it's no longer being used as a house of worship, I think the restaurant is a wonderful use of a beautiful building that might otherwise be abandoned or no longer exist. (Read: I don't think Jesus minds. Just my opinion.) I love it here, and I try to convince my family to go every time I come home (I'm from Pittsburgh). We usually start with the spinach, feta and smoked gouda dip, which is delicious -- so rich, but so good. The hummus and wood-fired flatbread is also quite tasty. I normally order the grilled turkey and watercress salad, which has the most delicious cranberry dressing -- I always want to buy a bottle of it. The dried sweet potato curls are the perfect accent, too -- they add salt and crunch. All in all, this is an excellent meal salad -- it's hearty and filling. The staff has always been attentive and friendly, in my experience.
5	Sean & Staff, Autumn & myself totally enjoyed everything off your food menu as well as the great Brew's. Was a great experience, & i was reluctant to go. I'm a transplant from Md. & i  have never seen  anything like your great establishment, and will recommend The Church Brew Works to anyone & everyone ! Just another reason why I love this great city of Pittsburgh, & that I'm proud to say is home. See you soon.
4	The setting is gorgeous.  The beer is good.  And the jambalaya is nice and spicy.
4	Good food great atmosphere as long as you don't mind being in a church... or a place that used to be a church
5	This is my first review on Yelp, as I was waiting for a truly inspirational experience about which to write. After Church Brew Works, one might say I was born again.I was in Pittsburgh for the first time this past week, attending a conference for work. The conference, while worth the travel in and of itself, more importantly provides an excellent chance to reconnect with colleagues from around the country. Thus, I was looking forward to the unstructured time in evenings, and choosing the gathering place for such periods is a delicate art. I ended up spending two nights at Church Brew Works, and it's not as though there was a lack of options. This place is special.The first night, I went to CBW after dinner. Upon arrival, I ordered the sampler to split with a friend, to get our bearings and at least have a taste of the four mainstays and the four seasonals. The sampler was priced right at around $14 for eight five-ounce glasses. While I was less excited by some brews (like the Celebration), I was amazed by the complexity of both the Rotating Stout and the Four-Grain Harvest Ale. I drank Harvest Ales until they kicked us out that night.The second night, we headed back to CBW for dinner. This night, I drank Rotating Stout exclusively. Very crisp for a stout, with an awesome smokey finish. I ordered the salmon entree for dinner. For $19, I figured it had to be good. Plus, the drafts were very reasonably priced, so I didn't mind spending a bit more on food. The salmon truly exceeded my expectations. It was perfectly cooked with minimal seasoning and placed atop a refreshing quinoa salad with cucumber. Sauteed oyster mushrooms accompanied the fish, which were delicious. The plate was ringed with a tasty soy reduction to provide salt, which complemented all the items perfectly. I could see how the soy might have been a bit strong for someone else, but I think it brought an appropriate kick to the dish.I continued to drink the Rotating Stout all night while we discussed the eventual collapse of civil society. Perfect conversation against the backdrop of an altar filled with heavy brewing equipment. There is something post-apocalyptic yet fantastically optimistic about CBW. Perhaps it's the not-so-subtle notion that our reverie should not be focused on a deity hovering in the heavens or a member of the clergy thumping on the pulpit, but rather, toward one another, in a place where the provisions nourish the soul and the communion is about building community.
5	What could be better than drinking beer in a place that used to be a church? NOTHING! I love to be sacrilegious as much as the next beer swilling fiend and this place hit the nail on the head. Church is giant, and full of people, but don't let that detract you. The wait staff are very efficient and the food and drink are worth the wait. It's always a great time in the Burgh and I can't wait to visit church again!
4	I have been to Church Brew Works twice now when visiting friends in Pittsburgh and I wish that I could magically transport this place to New York.  It's a cool concept, but I can see how it could have gone horribly wrong and been really cheesy - thankfully, this is not the case at all.  I absolutely love the feel of the restaurant, especially the stained glass.  The servers are knowledgeable about their beers and happy to offer suggestions (I went with the excellent Celestial Gold).  We started out with pierogies, which were nothing short of phenomenal - order them, they are a life-changing level of good.  I also had the Shinkasa cheesesteak (Kobe beef, grilled onions and red peppers, and melted provolone), which was quite tasty.  All around a fantastic experience!
5	Our lager, Which art in barrels, Hallowed be Thy drink, Thy will be drunk, At home as I am in the tavern...Ok, now that that's over with I do have to say this is by far the coolest brewpub I've ever been to. Granted, it's a long way away in PA, but thankfully I get to take regular trips to get my pierogi and church fix. Not like I really needed a church fix.Anyway, here's my lowdown:- Get the beer sampler and then choose the beer you want. That is, of course, if you don't already live in Pittsburgh and don't know what the hell kind of beer they brew.- Then get the IPA. It's hoptastic.- Order some pierogies. There are two types - unusual and usual. Why get usual? Go for the unusual.- Then there's a pierogi pizza. If you're getting the pierogi appetizer you probably don't need a whole pizza. But I'm real tempted to go back and try it because honestly, pierogi pizza. Some Italian Russian is spinning in his grave.- Skip the pulled pork sandwich and beer cheese. Neither is all that good or special or memorable.Oh - and make sure you use the bathroom. I don't know about the men's room, but the ladies is awesome. It's like a choir green room in a bar! A BAR IN A CHURCH! AH!!!!!!And the booths use the pews for chairs! Gar! I love this place.
3	This place is a one-of-a-kind  paradise that EVERYONE should visit at least once whether they live in the 'burgh or are just visiting. No doubt about it, the atmosphere is incredible with the huge multicolored glass of the large window that sits behind the pipe organ in the balcony. The high vaulted ceiling, incredible stained glass windows, and magnificent positioning of the brew equipment at the altar all contribute to this stunning effect. Sadly, if I was still underage like when I used to visit as a child, I'd be giving this place 5 stars. But unfortunately, since this place emphasizes the quality of its beer I am forced to subtract stars. I tried about 8 of their different beers and did not fine a single one that I would enjoy a pint of.  Additionally, I find the food is overpriced for the amount and quality.So definitely check this place out. I always take out-of-town visitors here and continue to hope that I will find one of their beers that I enjoy. Until then, I'll enjoy the stunning environment and the satisfaction that I get out of drinking in a church.
4	I had been wanting to visit the Church Brew Works ever since seeing it featured on the Food Network show Outrageous Food. In that episode, they featured the restaurant's "rattlesnake pierogies" I was disappointed to find this was not a regular menu item, instead they offer either "traditional" or "untraditional" pierogies- on the night of our visit the untraditional ones were Bufflale Chicken style, and boy were they good! I still want to try those rattlesnake ones though...I also had the onion soup and the bison meatloaf which were both delicious, especially the meatloaf. My spouse enjoyed the jambalaya which was nice and spicy. As to the beers, there was a decent selection of styles from lager to dunkel to belgian to stout....and our server accomodated our request to sample some of the brews before deciding. Our favorite of the night was the Thunderhop which had a wonderful hoppy flavor. As to the ambiance- well I think it is well worth a trip if you are in Pittsburgh. The restaurant is a converted church complete with stained glass windows and wooden pews (ok they are not the most comfortable seats but it adds to the effect!) and where the alter would have been are the giant beer tanks.We found the service to be very prompt and our server answered all our questions concerning beer and food.I thought this restaurant was a good value for the money. Dinner for two was just under $70 before tip- and our meal included 4 pints of beer, 2 appetizers and 2 entrees. Visited August 2011
5	Really fresh, unique beers. Loved the pumpkin stout.Good food, had the pierogies, very buttery. Excellent friendly service
4	Sippin beer and church pews in the bathroom.Sounds weird right?  We went here for a staff dinner our first night in Pittsburgh.  The atmosphere was visually awesome.  So many things to look at and the beer was amazing.I will say if you intend to take advantage of the specials of the day, you should plan to get out earlier in the evening.
4	This place holds a special place in my food-loving heart. As two people who love irony, my husband and I thought after eloping in Allegheny County Night Court, there would be no better place to have a "reception" than a church converted into a brewery. It's a cool space and worth a visit, though it is packed on weekend evenings.My favorite on the dinner menu -- chicken pot pie! I love that it's not thick and goopy and that the topper is puff pastry and not traditional pie crust. On the pub menu -- LOVE the Southwest Chicken Wrap and traditional pierogies. Husband is a fan of the salmon. I am giving it a 4 because the service has never been stellar -- typically if you're not sitting at the bar, you have to ask for the pub menu, which has pizza and sandwich options. I don't really get that -- because it's pretty much the old center aisle of the church that divides the bar side from the "dining room". But I have gotten a surly hostess (same one) on two occasions. No real greeting, no eye contact. So yeah, if you can get past that, the food is always spot on and tasty in my experience.Oh! And the smell, it is distinctive. It doesn't bother me -- however, if you're turned off by woody, earthy smells -- you might want to skip.Hehe, update -- another Yelper read this review and messages me that they actually changed their menu several months ago and don't have Chicken Pot Pie. Bummer to hear, but please note -- I was there 3-4 days before I wrote that review, I went there specifically for it and I didn't bother checking the menu. Our server simply  told me "they didn't have that tonight". Wish I would have known they don't have it ever!
5	Now you won't find Friar Tuck swigging away the mead at CBW, but you'll be sinfully delighted to partake in a little yourself. And no, you won't hear Handel's Messiah here, just the hiss and pop of the stills. The smell of hops and barley has long ago replaced sacred incense. Imbibing home crafted brews has since supplanted conducting elaborately scripted and ritualistic rites.And the monks would doubtlessly have had it no other way. Places like this really bring out my inner apologist. So come to CBW to see brewing, consuming and selling alcohol in a sanctuary. Then buy a shirt, have a shot and flirt with a waitron.The owners have truly gotten back to the whole point of Christendom.
5	Let's just throw it out now - if I have guests or friends coming to town, this is the top place on my list. So unique, good food, great beverages, and usually very good service.I have been here many times, for office parties, and just for snacks. I don't think I have ever had to wait for a table, the food is high end bar food (I mean that in the nicest way) and is well portioned so you are always on the verge of finishing or having a small take-home, and the beers are great with an always available seasonal variety along with the regulars. They have a nice outdoor patio for the good weather seasons. I guess the only thing that is inconsistent here are the servers - we have usually had above average servers but occasionaly you will get one that feels too busy and is just running the food around such that you may wait on drinks. That is how I would capture our most recent visit - sat in the bar area at a table and the server was friendly at first but eventually had trouble coming back to check on us very often.Some cool things - they give you samples normally if you want to decide on a drink, and if you want to buy a growler to take home, these are a good deal because they allow for cheap future fill-ups on your next visit.
4	Twister, a fantastic movie showing the true power of mother nature along with the splendid acting of Helen Hunt and Bill Paxton. Who can forget the moment they survived an F5 tornado due to the sturdiness of a belt. I am 99% positive leather belt sales skyrocketed in the tornado alley region that year. Who knew that the sometimes dastardly mother nature was also able to make an appearance within Pittsburgh itself? The Church Brew Works is a twister of dark Belgian flavors and delicious edibles making for a destructive good time in ones taste buds.Like the dark clouds rolling in during a storm, the Church Brew Works has dim lighting which really works with it's church like atmosphere.Last evening I tried the southwest wrap which really was a cyclone of flavor that dances along the roof of your mouth and slides into your stomach to make a splash of satisfaction. The sweet potato fries refuse to be bullied by its larger counterpart, the cyclone and make a bold statement of sweet goodness that will in fact explode on ones tongue as it creates fireworks of sensational prowess (Yes I said prowess).But alas I bring you to the beer. The decision was made to try the seasonal due to the festivities that are afoot with Christmas. The Biere De Noel is a lightning storm of electric charged bolts that will pierce through the frowns of any person to find them joy despite their Grinch like nature. The only issue with this storm of a beer is that you will want more than you should have. A designated driver is recommended on this twister of a tale my friends. In conclusion, twister is a great movie but more more importantly The Church Brew Works is the sequel. That is all.
2	Let me start out with saying... when I order a wrap from a menu at a sit down restaurant, the only time it should be cold is when I am digging into my doggie bag the next day at lunch. Although it was tasteful, why was it cold?!?! The only beer here worth your time is the seasonal xmas ale. The rest is meh.And the server? HORRIBLE. He was completely rude to me the whole night. Even my boyfriend brought up that he was short. And I am not talking height here. I was a server once, I understand one gets "in the weeds" so to speak. But this guy had a snood comment for everything I tried to say, which to him, was only trying to order. I think my issue with this place is I think the concept is so good that I want it to live up to it's expectations. Sadly, it does not.
3	The food here is probably 2/5 stars, but the view is amazing.  Maybe it's just because I'm new to the Burgh, but how cool is it to walk in to a church and see the light gleaming in from the stained glass and landing on half a dozen polished brew tanks?  It feels so wrong, but looks so cool!I would definitely come back here to show visiting family and friends...probably not on my own though--at least for the food.
4	Great venue. Hence the 4 stars.2 hour wait?! I had high expectations for the food.Food was nothing spectacular. Had the mushroom pesto pizza, which was good. Again, nothing special for the price and wait for a seat. I was excited to try the curried pumpkin soup with spicy shrimp and cilantro crema. I was hoping it would have been more pumpkin than curry. The curry was a bit overpowering so I felt like I was literally eating curry. :/My beer was delish and worth it. Home brews and brewed well! I think they're all great.
4	I am a fan though the smell is something to be aware of. I went for lunch and the food is fantastic. I did sample a couple of beers and they were very tasty. We got great service as well. I would not do another lunch for fear that smell may linger on me long after I leave. I recommend trying this place when you are interested in a good night with your friends.I would not take my wife (read girlfriend for you single folk) here although she may want a pizza or burger brought home...
5	Now this is my kind of church!!  I almost couldn't believe what I was seeing when I made my first visit earlier this week!  It was a real church, serving food and beer.....and I loved it!  We had the wood-fired pizza and some Celestial Gold.  Beer was good, and pizza (Spinach, Feta and Artichoke) was excellent.  Service was good as well.  Will definitely return!
4	For a place known for its beer, the food is shockingly amazing
4	Great place to take out of town guests.  My best tip for you is to ask for the bar menu, the food is better, and less expensive.  The Pizza is delicious and creative.  The decor is impressive, although I find the lighting a little too dark.  This place has excellent food and wonderful beer.  Great for groups.  There's additional parking in the back, but I often park on the street.
5	My brother had his birthday luncheon at CBW today and sent us a pix message showing us exactly what we were missing.  I called up CBW and had them send over a dessert for him (which they comped) and the waitress told them it was from us.  EXTREMELY satisfied with how they went about helping us out and helped him celebrate his birthday.The beers are great, the pizza is great, the pierogies are great. So go there.Big ups to Blaise and Susie at CBW. Many Thanks!The only negative thing is we weren't there to enjoy it with our family.
3	Nice spot to grab a beer or three. Beer sampler was the way to go, every beer on tap and  3-4 oz each. Food was not a bright spot and staff at the pub side was a bit overwhelmed and unfocused.
4	I had some of the best cheese pizza of my life here. The garlic level of the pizza was absolutely perfect. There was soooo much garlic, but still not too much! The beer was also delicious and the ambience was super cool. It has a similar feel to haufbrauhaus without the kitschiness.
3	I have eaten here about 5 times, over the course of 7 years or so.I love the concept, design, and atmosphere of this place. I love that they've re-purposed a "de-commissioned" church. I love the beers they make. Their staff, also, have consistently been great.My issue is with the food prices. I cannot believe the outrageous prices they charge for the food, considering the type of food it is (mostly high-carb, basic comfort food and bar food) and the quality of it (just OK). Seems very mismatched, considering the quality and the genre of food. But, maybe you will disagree with me-- see if you can check for their menu and prices online before you go, if you are concerned about spending carefully (many people are, these days).Definitely give this place a try-- the experience of being there is great, it makes for a unique evening (although noise is a problem for conversationalists, on nights when they happen to be crowded) and if you enjoy beer, those are certainly worth tasting. But if you're watching your money, consider eating at home before going here, and just going for drinks or for something small to eat and seeing friends. The food is not the draw, here-- at least it definitely was not the draw for me. In my world, bar food should be priced like bar food.
1	This was the most hyped place of the trip i went on and it did not deliver. All of the beer they had was pretty bad. The mint chocolate chip stout was horrible, no one could finish there sampler of it. There perogies were meh but there pizza was pretty damn good. Service was horrible. The bartender was an ass and our server said maybe 2 words to us. And there was an hour wait at the door and a hour wait for the pizza once we ordered. And of course they wouldnt seperate our order. This place it a tourist trap. Stay away.
2	Before Reading please note my review is mainly based on the service and food, as I did not try beer. I did try their wine and I was pleased with bottle pricing and taste so if you are just looking to make a pit stop for a drink consider this a 3 star review. If youa re looking to eat pass this place up. A couple of basic issues first there is little to no parking neighborhood or in the lot in the back if you are going on a weekend night so plan ahead. This is ok I can deal with it if I love the place, second I was supposed to be seated with a large group but my friend and I would have been split up due to the pew seating. This was ok it was our fault for being late. We chose to sit in the bar instead of wait for our own table. So we get in the bar and service at a table was super slow we get our wine within 10-20 minutes of sitting which is fine but I think the food took 55 minutes for two sandwiches. The food was just bleh not high on taste after that wait and the hype I have heard I was hoping for more. But it is just another chain resaurant hiding inside a church (let down). I got the philly cheesesteak sandwich my friend the crab cake because we were hoping for something quick and filling. Cheese steak was just ok bun was too big and lack of  generic cheese sauce made it dry, no sauteed onions or peppers ( again let down.) My friend had the crabcake sandwich and they had not put any sauce on it. The waitress did bring her a tiny bit of sauce as it was supposed to come with sauce. Here is the kicker the sweet potato fries we both paid  $2.00 extra on top of our 15$ sandwiches for are from Sam's club! Hahahaha I have to laugh because if you're going to serve me precooked fries which I am sure a lot of places do don't charge me extra and at least try to make sure they are wedges or something. Throw a cajun spice rub on but don't barely heat them they were super cold.... and buy them at Sam's club. If you're one of hte most hyped breweries in pgh! People notice these things lol. At least it provided me with a good laugh. So all in all 4 stars for atmosphere yea its a cool place young attractive crowd, but I am a food lover 1-2 stars for food, 3 stars for drinks. Part of town is tricky to maneuver at night. I would pass and try another brewery in town because food and beer are lovely when done properly together and maybe church brew works needs to build a better kitchen.
5	Great craft brews.Outstanding food.A tad too noisy during prime time, but not enough to dock points.Tourist trap? Far from it. Places like this (and D's) make me wish I lived in Pittsburgh.
5	About the only way I would step into a church.......to have another drink and eat at the Chruch Brew Works!If you are in the Pittsburgh area you definitely have to check out the Church Brew Works. It is a beautiful restaurant. It is a redesigned church and they still use parts of the pews and kept some of the decorations. The best part is they replaced the alter with the brewery! The food and beer was very good. I had the very large Cuban sandwich and it was one of the better cubans I have had outside of Key West. My friends had the bison burger which received rave reviews as well. Since it was a brewery I had to have the sampler. I was impressed with most of the beers. If all you like is commercial crap beer like Miller Lite or Budweiser, don't bother. Many of the beers are strong flavored. My personal favorite was the Chocolate Mint Stoudt. The waiter was bad, and a bit arrogant, but the food was good enough that he did not ruin the score. If church served beer and food like this every Sunday, I would have to find Jebus!
4	I was back here over the holidays and I feel like I really needed to update this review to distinguish my previous rating about the food and the beer. First off, once again I tried several of their beers. Their rotating stout was a chocolate-mint and I found the mint flavor absolutely undesirable. I also tried a seasonal brown and was thoroughly disappointed. However, they did have a bottle-only IPA (the Thunderhop) that was drinkable. But once again, I would rate the beer  2 or 3 stars.However, the food was absolutely phenomenal. We started with the hummus (good) and the spinach, feta, and smoked Gouda dip (phenomenal). Then for my lunch, I had, literally, the best French onion soup of my life. For anyone that makes it to the Church Brew Works I cannot say enough that you MUST TRY THE FRENCH ONION SOUP.  I also tried the nontraditional pierogies, which, were a green chile, cheddar and chorizo. These too were excellent.So overall, the beer is a bust but the atmosphere and food make this place worth of a rating bump.
3	Ben Frankin was misquoted as saying something along the lines of "Beer is proof that God loves us and wants us to be happy..." Well, it turns out he was talking about rain, and it's effect on grapes, and how wine is proof that we are loved... but that is all beside the point. Three things I am "In to"-- Ben Franklin, beer, and churches. I loved the atmosphere here, and would take the time soak it all in again if I had the chance. The whole theme really had me at hello. I've seen the whole revival of an old church space into something of a place of drunken debauchery done before, it's pretty popular in trendy European neighborhoods, but the Church Brew Works has toned it down a notch to make it accessible and enjoyable without being cheesy. I think Ben Franklin would have approved. The brew selections were nice, and along with what I sampled, I thought I got a fair deal for what I paid.  The thing that made this a three star was (and I hate to say it) was the service. Our bartender had an easy job. We were two thirsty people on a Thursday late afternoon, but still, she seemed unenthused at helping us quench our thirst. We made it work, but without even cracking so much as a smile, or offering any suggestions or sharing any history of the place, she slid our drinks across the counter only after we flagged her down. I am hoping that she's had better days before and since. My conclusion is, I'll be back. Next time for food, and anticipating some better service.
4	The atmosphere is excellent in this old church.  Service has been good both times I have been here.  Food is very good, sandwiches and burger both stand out.  Beer is good as well.  Not a big selection like other breweries, but what is on offer is usually very good.
4	Big fan of the Church.  Their non traditional pierogies are almost always a great choice, paired with the pizza and their beer brewed on site, this is a must stop when in the Bloomfield area of Pittsburgh.
4	Q: How do you get this guy into a church? A: Serve beer and ensure that there will be no pedophile priests. Zing?Beer replaces holy water. Meat replaces that one Jesus guy's body. Bartenders and servers replace alter boys. Brewing equipment replaces the alter. Tipsiness replaces enlightenment. I have more.Walking in, I could not help but feel like I was in the presence of something holy. By holy, I mean holy shit, beer. We had a flight of seven 5 oz beers, most of which were pretty goddamn good. Although CBW's beer is nothing to necessarily start a religious holy-war over, I can't complain. Their rauchbier, Belgian IPA, and Belgian tripel were good enough for me to want to drink them post-resurrection. Their mint stout was a bit of a miss, but I cannot judge them for their sins. Call me a heretic if you must. But dear lord, the bison delmonico, tenderloin medalions, seared sesame tuna with cabbage, and bananas foster bread pudding made me want to convert to eat here all the time, but alas, I do not live anywhere near this fine establishment, nor state. Oh, and our waiter was great. By the end of the meal I felt like he was the Joseph to my Jesus.If ever you immaculately conceive the idea to get some beers and require the body of a dead animal in your stomach, go to Church. Halleluiah. Jesus serves.
4	The atmosphere and decent brews make this place worth a visit.  It just looks great, and the beers, while not the best, are good and inventive. Mint-milk stout? Not my favorite, but I love the attempt. Beer prices are decent too.  I'd recommend coming in here and grabbing a drink or two at the bar.  There is one TV, but this is a more relaxed, family and/or dinner atmosphere.The food is hit or miss.  The 7 onion soup is awesome, but at $4.50 a cup, it better be.  The pizza are pretty good, made in a wood fired oven.  The crust comes out doughy, but not too thick.  I had the chicken and chorizo pizza, it came out with huge chunks of chicken breast and a tiny dusting of the smallest pieces of chorizo I've ever seen.  The service was really slow all around here; took a while to get both drinks and food.  Far too long considering it wasn't even crowded when I visited.Bottom Line: It's a cool place that warrants a visit. There are some good beers, but expect slow service.
4	We loved it! Plum tomato pizza was great. Larger than we expected. About 10 slices. Turkey and brie sandwich was also very good. Get the beer sampler and try out a whole buncha different brews. Overall, prices are pretty reasonable too and this old church is super cool inside! Great, great stuff! We will definitely be back.
3	Church Brew Works is a Pittsburgh tradition.  Its the prototypical place that you take your family when they come to town and want to personally view the sacrilege of multiple beer vats sitting on an re purposed church altar.  Thus the blessing and the burden of Church Brew Works: Its a great place that embodies Pittsburgh through and through.  Beer!  Wings!  Pizza!  Salad with French Fries!!!  Traditional Perogies!!!  Overpriced and over rated non traditional perogies like turkey dinner and bacon!!!  But its also notoriously crowded on weekends with customers from out of town asking if they are pronouncing "yinz" correctly and trying to insert "n'at" into conversation.If you can beat the crowds to get a seat, I highly recommend the pizza and the Pittsburgh salad.  The rest of the menu is pretty hit or miss.  The quality of things like wings, sandwiches most appetizers vary wildly based on how busy the restaurant is on the given night.  Service is unremarkable but good.  Prices are a little steep, especially for the drinks.
3	My prayers were answered - BEER! We arrived on a Saturday Afternoon for lunch and some beers.    I had read up on this place and was pretty amped to drink beer in a church.    I had read many good things about on Yelp.I like this place but was not overwhelmed (more like undewhelmed :-( - I had high expectations)  There is nothing wrong with the establishment and i will go back.They make their own beer in this big church.   I ordered quite a few and found the beers to be "okay".   My Pitt Native friend mentioned to me that his favorite beer was not currently available so I will need to revisit and rewrite my review.Food - We ordered a couple of small pizzas.   The first pizza we tried was the Pirogie pizza.   It was pretty much flavorless (pizza, no sauce, with mash potato dumpings, covered with cheese)...   I had higher expectations.   The second pizza was pretty good.  Please note in Pittsburgh - there are some good pubs that serve great pizza - this is not one of those pubs.All and all - nothing was bad but nothing was great.    I will be back and try some more items and rewrite my review.
4	I like this place.  It is a go-to when we have out of town guests.  The beer is just okay, but the food has always been great.  The space is just fantastic though.  You can't go wrong with beer brewing at an alter!
3	Beer made at the altar... Brilliant use of space!
2	Probably better off skipping this place next time I visit but had to see the place bc a huge church turned brewery is a really cool concept.A few of the beers here are ok.  The bartender initially was sort of a douche.  Either he confuses rudeness with having a personality or he was nearing the end of his shift and just DGF and it fails to reflect well on the establishment.  The girl that took over for him 20 minutes later was much more personable.A couple of tasty beers here but fewer than other breweries in this town.  What is really absurd is that the bar-keeps I talked to completely agree that the beers suck, but the place opts to serve the shit rather than dump it and just brew something better.  Tried a beer sampler.  Four regular beers and four seasonals.  I liked the Celestial gold, and the Pipe Organ Pale AleThe thunderstyle(i think that was the name?) IPA, some licorice mint concoction (sucked), the early summer brew "confessional kolsch" (again, i think that was the name) were not my cup of tea.  Behind the bar was a mess.  Wet floors, a clusterfuck of tangled hoses, multiple Dish/glass racks stacks all over the place, wet floors, dusty display of glasses....just a general unsanitary/under-managed feel. That made me & my bro think things like the kitchen....which we cannot see....would only be worse off.  Eff-it, we wound up ordering a little food. Very little food.  Spinach-feta-gouda dip. That was pretty ok.
2	The Church Brew Works is one of those places where everyone has been and everyone raves about...but I just do not get it. I guess part of the reason I don't really dig it is because I'm more of a cocktail gal than a beer fan. Aside from the fact that it is a brewery and I'm not really a beer drinker, the food is only so-so. I got a perogie dish with chicken and my friend got salmon. Her salmon was ok and the same goes for my perogie dish. We shared some homemade chips with a beer/cheese dip before our meal. The chips were really good, but the same as any place that serves homemade chips, and the beer/cheese dip tasted like chicken broth. It lacked anything special. The atmosphere is awesome, and it would be such a cool place for a classic Pittsburgh rehearsal dinner or similar event...but the food is just ... eh. The atmosphere is the only redeeming quality that I can find. Also, our waitress was (I can't find a nice way to say this...I'm sorry) kind of annoying. She called us both "Hun" and "Sweetheart" the ENTIRE evening. It felt like those words are a verbal tic of hers...Every other word was Hun or Sweetheart. Her nails had been painted weeks ago...because there was a horrid spot of nearly gone green nail polish on every nail. It only takes a minute to remove nail polish, and when working in an industry that involves putting your hands in front of people it is worth either repainting them, or leaving them clean. The "I painted my nails a month ago and haven't gotten around to repainting them or removing the polish" look is NOT ok. Ok...I'm being mean. I'm sorry...but both my friend and I noticed her nails and her verbal tic, and we were both annoyed by both. All in all, it's somewhere that all Pittsburghers have to go at least once to see the awesome building, but don't have high expectations...it's just ok.
4	An old Roman Catholic church turned into a brew pub/restaurant? Yes, please!I love it!  The huge stained glass windows, pipe organ, beer!  It's pretty awesome to look at, and it has great food and beer.Ok beer first.  I did the Celestial Gold.  It's a pilsner beer, that tastes like a lighter version of Magic Hat's #9.  So, yeah, pretty darn good!For a starter I had the Cajun Risotto Fritters, chorizo, peppers, onions and cheese fried with a spicy sauce.  They were very good.  For my entree I had the Shinkasa Cheesesteak .  It was Kobe beef with peppers (no onions for me) and provolone.  The sandwich was perfect.  Delicious and not greasy.  Overall it was a great experience.  I will return next time I go to Pitt.
5	The atmosphere and decor is amazing.  I tried a few of their beers and I recommend the Celestial Gold.  Their food was only average but eating and drinking inside a real former church makes up for that.  Service was also.out of this world.  I visited on a weekday afternoon for a late lunch and had no problems.  The only minor gripe is that its too dark and at the bar there is.no TV or anything.and you are stuck looking at their serving tanks.
2	The food is mediocre, and the room is difficult to carry on a conversation in.  The building is neat.
5	Pros: The food. The unique beer. The service. The atmosphere.Cons: Nothing!As a tourist to Pittsburgh, I simply had to check this place out. As soon as you walk in, the first word out of your mouth is "Wow!" They really did a great job restoring this church, and making it into a bar/restaurant. I went here once for dinner and once for lunch. I tried four different beers. All had their own special flavor. The chicken quesadillas have a very unique taste to them. They're definitely not your typical quesadillas. A bit of a kick to em.This is the perfect place to go to if you're visiting!
4	Delicious pierogies, which are apparently a traditional Pittsburgher food.  At first I didn't quite believe that upon opening the doors I would find a brew pub here. I did, and it was amazing. I withheld an extra star only because the beer I had was "just okay" -- but, given my limited sample size this rating could easily be given 5 stars if there are more exceptional beers.
5	Loved this place at first sight. Brewery built elegantly into the church. Come here for the view if nothing else. You've never been to a bar with such high ceilings and stained glass. The beer is great I think they had about 8 different kinds or so. Thunder Hop and Celestial Gold were great, there was a pretty good 9-percenter too.The food isn't bad either. Way better than bar food. We just ate perigees and rissoto fritters but we weren't even hungry we just kept ordering food it was so good. Well I did anyway. Definitely a must see, even if you typically avoid churches.
3	I don't get the attraction , This place has a cold not so friendly atmosphere. The food was ok , but kinda pricey. didn't look very clean or sanitary considering it was a CHURCH !I'll just go back to Mario's in the south side.
3	The setting is truly breath taking. And by breath taking I was feeling unsure if I should drink or not. It felt bad but yet so good too! The food was okay. The beers were great, so many choices! They will let you sample before you decide to commit! I would go for happy hour and probably only order appetizers, I wasn't impressed with the food otherwise. It's such a cool atmosphere even though it's somewhat strange to be in a church drinking.
2	Setting - AService - AFood - D
4	The Church Brew Works has a fantastic atmosphere based on the idea of turning an old Catholic church into a brewery. The venue has a large area to seat its customers for dinner where the congregation previously sat in the church. They also have a bar located in the back left of the establishment.Unlike our previous trips, we sampled their food menu as well as their beers. While dining, we sampled their Italian Perogies, gumbo, French onion soup, and buffalo steak. Everything was good and had good taste. However, not the best I had through my experiences.The beer was fantastic. As an IPA lover I sampled the hoppiest beer they had in house and was happy with the brew.In summary, this is a good microbrew and restaurant in an extremely creative atmosphere. Your dining experience here is more based on novelty than quality, but I'd surely recommend joining the "congregation" at this church!
5	Have to say I must of been crazy not to visit this place sooner in my life.Walked in the door and was just in awe of the atmosphere. Yes, it's just like its advertised...a Roman Catholic church turned restaurant/brewery. The food we had was adequate. No over portion sizes for Lunch here. Prices were good. A trip to a brewery without tasting beer is just unAmerican...so we had a few samples. The IPA was hoppy as expected with the bite in the aftertaste quite brisk. What I found even better was the Cherry Quadzilla, a special beer they make, not always on tap but today it was. Has such great flavor, goes down smooth, cherry/Carmel taste with just a hint of bite. Could drink it all day, however with the higher than most alcohol content, I don't recommend too much if you have to drive! All and all it was a great experience. The chocolate moose cake is good for an ending treat!! ( comes with 3 pieces of peanut brittle on the side). For me to say it was good means something because I don't even like chocolate cake!!Will definitely be going back again in the near future!!
4	Church Brew Works - proof that God is a beer drinker.The food is good, but for me it's usually just something to munch on while I drink.  In other words, I don't really go there for the food.  I've never had a disappointing food item.  The pizza is out of this world and the appetizers and daily specials always have something interesting that catches my eye.  While the food is good, the beer is better.  I find myself a fan of their seasonal offerings more than the signature brews which makes me sad because I keep having to find a new favorite.  Ask for samples if you're not sure.  But if you find something you really like that's a seasonal, get a growler before you leave.My overall experience here is that the bartenders are better than the waiters.  In other words if there's only two of you, sit at the bar.  You'll likely get better service.
1	I'd like to comment on the food, unfortunately I was unable to actually eat here because apparently their pizza ovens have been down for a month or so.  Yes, there were other menu items, but I went specifically to try the pizzas and since they were not available, I spent my money elsewhere.  I may have eaten something else, but I was especially annoyed that we had to wait to be seated before being informed about the broken pizza oven.  Be warned: Call to make sure they actually have their full menu before you actually stop in.
4	Great atmosphere.  Old church and high school (St. John the Batist) in the Bloomfield section of Pittsburgh, which now smells like a brewery.  Decent food and decent draft beer, but they were our of (real) IPA both times we visited.  They peddled something they called "Belgian IPA," but it didn't have enough hops to taste.  They were out of their real IPA both on tap and in bottles both times we visited, about a week apart.   The atmosphere, food, and beer are all better than average, and that's a strong triad.  They also have sweet potato fries.  Despite the deceptive (deficit) IPA availability, we still ended up going twice during a 2 week visit to the "burgh.  MEL
3	After trekking from the Andy Warhol museum for four miles, the church of brew was a heavenly oasis. Unfortunately the beer was subpar but the atmosphere is like no other. Casks where the pipe organ was. Angels carrying steins of beer on a fresco.  the food was okay too, but nothing to write home about.
3	What a cool place to eat and drink!  My Pittsburgh trip was guided by Yelp, and I ended up at an old Catholic church.... ready to drink a lot of beer.  This website really is useful.We showed up right in the thick of the Friday dinner rush and had a 30 minute wait.  Our server was very friendly and told us all about the beer and food menus.  If you are feeling like a sandwich instead of an entree, be sure ask for the pub menu. I got the cuban sandwich, and my wife got the bbq sandwich.  Both were okay, but not great.  The beer was pretty much the same.  I got the hefeweizen (and later on a dunkel) and my wife got one of the beers on special.  Again, it was just okay.  Maybe it was just the night I went, but the beer wasn't that cold at all.  I know a little more than the average bear about beer, and that some beers are meant to be served at certain temperatures.... but it just seemed like it should have been served colder.  Again, maybe it's just me.... maybe I got there right as they tapped a new keg.  Maybe they poured my beer in a glass fresh out of the dishwasher.  I don't know.The real appeal of this place is the structure housing it.  You sit there catching yourself looking up a lot of times during your meal.  I was struck wondering about the history of the place.  Not when it was built, or anything like that, but of all the weddings, baptisms and funerals had taken place here.  How many joyous and sad times.So, to recap: Service - Very good, Food - OK, Beer - OK, Location - Great.Recommend.  You gotta check it out at least once, but I'm not sure how often I would come here.
3	This is  a pretty sweet place.  When you walk in you kind of have this wtf moment and don't know what to think.  It's a church, but they're brewin' brews at the altar.  Kind of messed up, sort of.  Though, let's not lie, you know it's pretty cool.The food that I had was good, but nothing out of the ordinary.  We had the feta cheese/spinach pizza which had a generous amount of vegetables and crust that was just a tad bit undercooked for my liking, but still decently tasty.  The appetizer (perogies) and desert (blueberry ice cream and chocolate mousse) were all excellent.  I'm giving this place three stars, because while I think it's solid, I don't think it's all that it's cracked up to be.  The beer selection doesn't look all that extensive, though I suppose you'd like it if you're big into craft brews.  The food is somewhat pricey and from what I had, I could think of a few other places where I'd rather eat for the price I'm paying.  Then again, I'm weird and this is just me.  This place is a Pittsburgh tradition, I suppose.  Try it out at least for the ambiance.  It certainly is interesting...
3	I went here for the first time very recently. The space is beautiful and noteworthy in and of itself, so go just for that. So neat. I got a fresh, light, lemony beer--exactly what I wanted on a hot summery Saturday. My burger was nothing special, it was definitely not awful, but I had a hard time remembering what I had gotten and I was there about 2 weeks ago. My nieces had the pierogis and they said they liked them, but they didn't look impressive or homemade to me. And the food is not cheap--you're paying high-end pub food prices. I probably will not return for food.
4	First and foremost one must recognize that this is a micro brew that serves food.  The food is good, but it is something you do while you drink beer so you don't drink too much, which you may because they really know what they are doing!  However, of all the micro brews or beer taverns in the area, they have the best food.It is strange to drink and eat at the "Church" Brew Works because I am certain my grandmother took me to mass there as a child from time to time.  But I digress...The beer and staff are great.  If one of the brew masters are there, which they usually are during the day, please ask them for some samples and suggestions.If you go in the evening it can be a lot of fun.  The bar can be crowded, but the environment is always pleasant.  Sample many different brews and enjoy a nice bite to eat.  Be sure to take a growler home.
4	One of the more interesting places I've ever eaten.  Was out of the way from downtown but well worth checking out just for the chance to hang out in an old world style church that was turned into a brewery.  Good range of beers all made in house.  Try the cherry beer if you like your beers really strong.Overall a really cool place but I had to take a star off because the pizza oven was broken, and I wanted to try the pizza there.  Ended up with bbq flavored pierogies which actually worked pretty well.
4	If all the churches are set up with a couple of beer brewing tanks, I bet you my friend would go to church every week.... Church Brew Works just look like a church from the outside. I definitely got fool by its exterior appearances. But when I was walking down the aisle, I know I have come to the right place!I am always really into churches, love all these stained glass windows, the stone vaulted ceiling, and the Altar. Sitting at the benches sampling a beer flight of 8 ($12.75) and eating some Traditional Pierogies ($6.50) was definitely enjoyable experience. I definitely will be back for the beer, beer is definitely better than food?! Ample parking at the back of the Church, make sure you have a designated driver!
5	Good beers, equally good pizzas (the restaurant is also pretty nice, but the combination of well-made pizzas and beer is just a lot better). The main issue was to decide who would be driving back. :-)
4	Came here for lunch this past weekend. This is the best church on the planet. I enjoyed the Pittsburgh-y cuisine and beverages amidst an altar of beer. We wanted to try as many of the beers as possible, so we opted for the 8-flight beer sampler. There were a wide variety of brews in the flights. Some seemed a little off, but we generally liked most of them... I think I liked maybe 6 of the 8 samples.Opinions on the food were mixed. The traditionally-prepared pierogies were tasty enough, but drenched in too much butter. The sweet potato fries were good, not great, and came with a spicy chipotle ketchup. My friend ordered the Cajun risotto fritters - I just had one bite, but I thought they were delicious. Others ordered pierogie pizza and didn't love it; I think they were expecting pierogies on top of the pizza, but as it turned out, the whole pizza was like a giant pierogie. The service didn't bother me, but I think some in our party were displeased. The kitchen screwed up a few things, and the food runner was pretty unhelpful (didn't mention that plates were really hot, claimed she "just brings out the food" when we had an issue, etc.).But whatever. It's a brewery in a church. Thou shall not make minor complaints.
4	Cool place! Great atmosphere. Good selection of craft brews!  What a great idea of putting a micro brewery in an old church.
3	Let me break this down for you...Food: 4Ambiance: 5Beer: 2Service: 3I think I was the only person who really loved my meal, which made me sad. Our appetizers (pierogi of the day and risotto fritters) weren't that great so I wasn't expecting anything amazing from my dinner. I ordered the cranberry, turkey and brie sandwich. It did not disappoint! It's one of the best sandwiches I've ever had, but the fries were less than tasty.Friends shared the southwest pizza and said it was so spicy it was inedible. Normally I would say it's too bad they ordered something spicy and it was too spicy, but the menu didn't even mention it being spicy or they wouldn't have ordered it! Other friend had the PGH style salad, about which she didn't have much to say and the boyfriend had the Cubano and said it was mediocre at best (surprising, as he loves Cubans and they're rarely bad).The ambiance was awesome! I loved how evil it felt to eat in a one-time church that was used to brew and serve beer and spirits. It's really pretty inside, and has a nice feel.The German-style beers I had were watery, too sweet or too lemony. Pretty disappointing considering since they're a brewery! Maybe I'm just too demanding, maybe I'm just like my father (couldn't help myself) when it comes to German-style beers.Our server was so rushed that I felt badly for her. There should have been someone from management helping her with her tables. It was probably just an off night, but it was a little disappointing nonetheless.If I lived in da Burgh, I'd probably come here again, but I wouldn't go out of my way for it. I certainly won't make it a "must eat" place when I'm visiting.
4	Amazing place, amazing brews and good pizza too!
5	I was absolutely blown away when I walked in the door! I LOVE churches AND breweries...really, could it get any better than this?! NOPE! I tried their sampler beers and I was really impressed, Pittsburgh has some great local beers I must say. To eat I was reccommended the Pierogi Pizza, sounds like an odd combo but I was up for it. To my surprise I really liked it and would reccommend it for those of you reading this. I also had the 7 onion soup which was basically their version of french onion soup, still it was good. My aunt had the seasonal pumpkin soup-holy cow, its like pumpkin pie but soup-amazing!As I am from Los Angeles, I really take a liking to novelty places like this as we dont really have them here. But if I was a local you'd probably find me frequenting this place. If I'm ever in the area again this will be the first stop I make.
4	Good, more than decent lunch/sandwich bar food food, great beer.  But the atmosphere is absolutely 5 stars of wonderful.  The church is spectacular, and the patio is lovely too.  Seeing hops growing on the walls outside really makes a point.  This place does beer well.  And the site itself is just wonderful.
3	Church Brew Works is a really cool bar/restaurant, and I dont think anyone can depute that. If you take friends and family here they will be impressed with the venue. The food for the price is a little underwhelming other than their Pizza's. They are pretty delicious for the price so I would shoot for that when going here. The beer is pretty good I am a fan of the Pious Monk Dunkle and a few of their other beers. Last time I was here the order time on the Pizza's were about 45 min - 1 hour so it took a while but I think they were just overly busy that night, so I think I can forgive them for that. The waitress was apologetic and nice so it wasn't a big deal. Overall I like church brew works. It's a super unique place with good Beer and Pizza. You have to give it a try at least once.
3	Every Pittsburgh resident must go to Church Brew Works at least once. My husband and I have also enjoyed taking friends and family members to this unique establishment. At first, I wasn't sure what to think of a pub located within an old church. As a church-goer myself, I felt that I may be breaking some sort of 11th commandment by drinking there. However, I felt much better when I arrived. The restaurant has done an amazing job of maintaining the beauty of the church while creating an all new environment.I've enjoyed all of the drinks that I've ordered here but particularly like the Cherry Quadzilla. One complaint would be that they always seem to be out of a beer listed on their permanent menu, which is very annoying. Someone in our group always seems to order an elusive beer which leads to frustration when it's unavailable.Though a little overpriced, I've enjoyed the traditional pierogies ($6.50) and pizzas ($13-15.50). They are descent, but by no means items that I couldn't find somewhere else for less. I have never tried any of the entrees. Entrees range from $15-34, which all seem overpriced. Though the restaurant is cool, I don't think it's fine dining enough to charge more than $15-20 for entrees.During my last visit in September, our food took nearly an hour to come out. Every second that we waited felt like a minute due to an unhappy baby being with us, but I did think the wait was a bit long for having just ordered appetizers and pizzas. Note to self -- don't dine there on the weekends if you want to be in and out within an hour.Though I recommend visiting this restaurant at least once, it's excitement and novelty really lies purely within the location. Enjoy this restaurant with visitors, but don't expect it to become your go-to weekend spot.
4	Solid joint.  Beer is better than expected and almost as good as advertised.  Food is up to par, but most everything revolves around the beer, as it should.  Everyone owes this place at least one visit.   Hope to be back.
4	Forgive me Father, for I have sinned...I think. Well, I'm not sure where sampling beers on a Sunday afternoon at a micro-brew located in a former Catholic church necessarily fits in the whole scheme of things, but I felt I was violating some type of rule, code or commandment. Regardless, Church Brew Works had been at the top of my Pittsburgh to-do list since I heard about it last summer and I was checking it out, regardless.Since I've never tried their beer before, I decided to order the sampler, consisting of eight different 5oz brews for $12.75. But after doing some quick math, I realized I needed to address my growling stomach first to avoid any unintentional purge-atory (rim shot). After looking through the variety of menu options, I decided on the lunch version of the Garden Plum Tomato brick-oven pizza. Aside from being crispy and tasty, it turned out to be the perfect size for one person.Anyway, back to the beer. Sorry. There were four year-round samples consisting of Celestial Gold, Pious Monk Dunkle (+), Blast Furnace Stout (+) and Pipe Organ Pale Ale. There were also four seasonal brews consisting of Red Nebyllek, Coffee Dunkel (+), Thunder Hop and Oktoberfest (+). It was a great mix of all different types: light, dark and everything in between.Regarding the interior, I love how they've kept the original structure, including the pews, fixtures and woodwork, mostly the same. Plus, you can walk up center aisle, which divides two separate dining areas, to the front of the church where large, copper brew tanks sit on the front altar. It's sort of weird, yet cool, to see.Spending lunch here was a fun and pleasant experience and I was glad to see so many other people "congregating" here as well. Okay, okay, I'm done.(+) = liked
4	This place is definitely worth a visit just to have the experience of drinking beer in an old converted Catholic Church.  They brew the beer right up on the alter and the seats at the tables are made from the original pews!  As someone who grew up going to Catholic Church it was definitely a disconcerting experience at first to go into what looks like a Church to drink beer.  They brew their own beer and have several options you can try and you can get a sampler to try them all.  Their beer is good but not amazing.  The food is also good and they try to be really creative with things sometimes.  For example, last time I went I had rattlesnake and cactus pierogies which were on special!  That was my first time having rattlesnake and it was pretty tasty.  Their menu is a pretty eclectic assortment of things from Cajun to Italian (pizza, pasta) to traditional Pittsburgh items.  But it is a little on the pricey side for the quality of what you get.  Some of the portions are larger than others.
4	I don't know about what some of these other reviewers have had to say, but we went on a weekend at 4:00pm, there was no wait for either the dining area or bar seating area. Our waiter was nice, I don't believe he ever mentioned his name. I have got to say that the beer selections was on point, the food was delicious. I had the Cinco Formaggio Pizza which was excellent, the wife had the Cubano Sandwich which was very good. We will be back very soon!
2	First, the good:  The atmosphere and decor is amazing, it is a huge, beautiful old church and is just such a fun space to visit.Next the not-quite-so-good:  The beer is okay/average for local brewery swill, but  considerably overpriced.  We'd visit a lot more often and probably end up spending more overall if the beer prices weren't so outrageous.And finally, the not-good:  The food.  Granted we only tried one item, but it was AWFUL.  We ordered their basket of "homemade chips" and they were disgusting - cold, soggy spiral-sliced potatoes that were stale (not crispy) and congealed with grease.  Inedible.   The bartender said that they "make them fresh every day" - ours had apparently been made in the morning and had sat around in their own cold grease all day.   We politely sent them back but the bartender didn't seem very happy about it and we spend the remainder of the visit wondering if we were going to have to argue with her about paying for them (as it turned out, we were not charged). Final thoughts: it's a cool bar, but the novelty has worn off for us. Mediocre beer at inflated prices and terrible food.
4	I really loved the place.  When the hotel shuttle pulled up, bf didn't notice the sign on the corner and said "Are you sure this is really a restaurant?"  It was busy inside, but we were able to get a seat at the long, winding bar. I'm not much of a beer drinker, but the bf makes up for that.  His favorite pour was the Xtreme Thunder Hops.  I took a taste and it was so hoppy, it felt like an assault on my tongue, but he likes that kind of thing. I had a glass of wine and the Cajun Risotto Fritters appetizer. Wow, they were great.  Altho I will say that considering they're just little fried rice balls...$8 for 5 or 6 of them is a little steep.  Due to the church interior, it can get very loud inside, with voices bouncing off all the walls.  I just loved the interior of the building. Just a gorgeous place. Our bartender was a sweetie and we met some nice people to talk to at the bar.  I'll definitely go back.
3	My fish was excellent once it was cooked after being sent back twice.   I like sushi, but not when it is still transparent in the middle.   Little disappointed with the menu as well.  I guess had I gone only to drink I may have been happier
4	It's beautiful to walk into this brewery.  Total hipster concept, but lots of fun.  The beer, pizza, and dessert were phenomenal.  I am remiss that I did not purchase a case of the dunkel and bring it back to Baltimore.I am deducting a star because the wait staff was not particularly friendly.  The hostess was nice, but the others seemed either rushed or inattentive.
3	Beer is off the charts good...food is average. Pizza crust doesn't hold up to the toppings and could be crisper. Pierogi very average didn't feel like homemade.  Atmosphere in bar really cool however dining area feels like a mess hall, church pews cool for booths! Great looking brew tanks!
5	If I could give 6 stars, I would. Tasted 8 of their 10 beers in a sampler and really enjoyed all of them, which is rare. Highlights were the winter Saison (which was not very saison-like- more of a vanilla winter ale) and stout which had a nice smoky flavor. Food was above par for a brewery with good local flavor. I tried the perogies which were great as well as a fairly basic but good turkey, Brie, and cranberry sandwich. Staff was very friendly.The highlight (apart from the beer) was the amazing setting- an old Roman Catholic Church. I am not much for church tourism (as a Jewish girl) but this one is well worth a visit. Formal confessionals now sell merchandise. This place is a must on your visit to Pittsburgh breweries.
4	WOW!  Hidden gem of Pittsburgh.  This is an actual church turned brewery. If you like beer and good food, you need to get your rump-de in this place.  The aromas when you walk in are incredible.
3	Two stars because I appreciate someone stepping up to the plate and saving this old architectural gem of a Catholic church from the wrecking ball, even if it does mean there's a giant beer brewing apparatus on what used to be the altar.  One star because the beer I had - their "black" holiday brew - was very good, spicy and just the way I like it, and furthermore they had it available AFTER Christmas at a time when many brewpubs (if they bother to be open) will tell you they sold out of their Christmas beers before the holiday even arrived.  This place is also nice and big, probably about three times the size of many other brewpubs we've hit up, so there was no wait for a table for early dinner.   They do ask whether you want to be on the "bar side" or the "restaurant side"  (the sides are divided by what used to be the main center aisle of the church) without telling you the difference between the two, so I still don't really know what it is except the bar side has a bar and a TV.  Other than that they look alike.Food choices were rather more meh than I was hoping for, though.  This place specializes in pierogis.  I don't know when pierogis got all trendy, but I grew up in Cleveland, they have been around for decades, and I don't get particularly excited by putting different fillings in them.  Apparently the Church does.  Whatever, I don't care.  They also serve pizza, sandwiches, burgers, nothing too interesting.  Given that I work near Philly, the last thing I want is a cheesesteak made in Pittsburgh.  I ended up ordering a big bowl of the beer cheese soup and wishing they had a more interesting menu.  Our waiter and the overall beer selection were the two weak points of this place.  It only has about 10 beers on the menu.  I was pleasantly excited and surprised when the waiter told me they had all the beers but one, as I'm more used to this and that being  "out, sorry" especially during busy holiday weeks.  I did find one good beer to drink, but I tend to like beer samplers with a few small glasses of different beers,  or at least buying one glass each of two different beers per visit.  I didn't see anything on the menu in the line of a sampler; it may be I missed it, or perhaps it wasn't being offered when we were there, but since I see someone below mentioning one, I'm kind of wondering why I didn't see it and why our waiter didn't mention it.  Furthermore, when I tried to order a second beer that was not too hoppy and not a stout, I found that of the three (3) choices I had in mind, all were available only in large size bottles, i.e. not available by the glass but only in a large size meant for people to share.  The large sizes were too much for just me to drink given that I'd already had a pint.  I'm looking over to a bar stretching most of the length of a large church and wonder what is the problem that it can't have more taps flowing and more beers to select from by the glass rather than by the huge bottle?  Very much a bummer.Also, after the guy brought initial beers and took our order  - a meal that included a small cup of soup for my companion, and just a large bowl of soup for me - Mr. Waiter didn't think to ask me if I wanted my soup now or wait till the "entree" (i.e. my companion's burger) was brought out.  I generally need to eat something with my beer (that I already had), and I was hungry.  The guy brought the little cup of soup to my dinner partner, brought me nothing, and then disappeared for like 20 minutes or more leaving me with nothing to eat but a couple slices of bread from the basket.  I couldn't get his attention to bring my soup because he literally did NOT emerge into view for that whole time!  The restaurant wasn't anywhere near full or busy and there seemed to be several wait staff around so I don't know what the deal was.  There was also some weird manager type in shirt and tie standing in the aisle giving the wait staff dirty looks the whole time we were there.  Summary:  Atmosphere and decor A, beer quality A,  beer selection B- , food selection B, waiter C- .   I'd go again, but next time I'll sit on the bar side and see if it's any better over there.
1	Ambience was amazing. We were seated quickly on a Saturday night. Food however very disappointing. The "Belgium" fries were soggy and pizza was cold and doughy.  We spoke to manager and he didn't seem to care.  Come for the beer and atmosphere but not the food.
4	Came early on a Saturday night with a party of 5, including a 6-year-old. Had a wonderful experience in this reclaimed Catholic church.We started at the bar, where we sampled some of the beers--the Celestial Gold, the the Cherry Quadzilla, and the Pious Monk Dunkel. All were fine, and there's something to be said for having a beer with Saints Patrick and Bridget watching over you...For dinner, two of us got the price fixe menu, which included the Cajun risotto fritters as an appetizer. Now sometimes with PF setups, each component is a little smaller than the separate item on the full menu. Not here. Another of us had gotten the fritters separately, and there were just as many as in the PF menu. (And they were awesome--light, spicy, crunchy on the outside.)For entrees, we had the strip steak, the seafood mac and cheese, the pork tenderloin, and plain buttered pasta for my nephew. We were served quickly and professionally, and my God, was the food good. And we were so stuffed that we had to bring home the desserts. (Malted bread pudding a la mode, and it was good for breakfast the next day!) Saints Michael and Margaret Mary were our guardians during dinner, and they approved.It's not the cheapest place in Pittsburgh, but the food and atmosphere is worth every penny. The place was packed by the time we left, which is a good sign.
4	great food. one of the most unique locations i have been to. beer is above average. the whole experience is amazing. I will always be coming back to this place, unless they turn it into a church again.....
5	I was going to just give four stars because of the skimpy cheese in the Greek salad and the small size of the delicious polenta, but then I got a sip of the sleigh wrecker! Deliciously bitter and strong. Let it warm awhile as it's served too cold--the flavor definitely comes out even more as it warms up. Come early on Saturdays--it gets packed.
4	I have always been a fan of the Church Brew Works and have been visiting the establishment for most of my adult life.  As a person who grew up in a Catholic church what's not to love?  I practically worship beer, so beer being on center stage on the altar conjures up something special when I walk through those heavy wooden doors.  I almost wish they put beer in the white marble holy water fonts to make the sign of the cross as you enter.Now for my latest experience as it's been probably three years since I have attended church due to travels and living abroad.  My parents were in town and my dad loves everything about the beer making process, especially the consumption part.  It was also my wife's birthday and she too loves good beer, so to the Church we went.Everyone minus me hadn't been there before, so there was a bit of awe factor for the noobs.  Though we were all a bit disappointed with generic wreath hanging on the plexi-glass barrier guarding the altar.  I don't remember this barrier in my prior visits, a small negative, but a negative none-the-less.  We were seated in a heavy traffic area at a small table, which we requested later to be moved to more cozy location.  This request was met graciously and as a former server I understand you have to try to seat someone in those places....We all ordered our beers and my father requested the Sour Piet.  Much to his dismay they returned with our beers and three samples glass of beers that were not Sour Piet.  He was informed that had kicked the keg earlier, but hadn't known.  He tasted the other beers and decided to get the Thunderhop (my favorite).  We only had Thunderhops and Cherry Saisons.  Both were very good, as per usual.  Disappointing that they had run out of the Sour, and a little miffed that our server was not privy to it being gone, but again just a little negative.We ordered two large pizzas -- The Cinco Formaggio and the Wild Boar BBQ.  Both were cooked perfectly in their amazing brick oven.  The pizzas were a bit too salty for our standards and they seemed to skimp on some of the ingredients so the balance was lost a little.  The Wild Boar was very good, but it lacked something, maybe spice or tang.  I think there was only a few slivers of the red onions on it....Again a small disappointment. After polishing off the majority of our pizzas my dad asked our server to fill up a 64oz growler with the Cherry Saison.  The server acted like this would be near impossible since it was a seasonal and limited brew, but said he'd try.  He returned triumphantly and bragged about how he'd done us a favor since they were out of Sour Piet.  An obvious ploy to get a little added to his tip, but again a small disappointment.I hope you caught on to the trend of a lot of little disappointments added up to make it a good experience, but not great.  I usually go after work for beers and pizzas with friends, for this it never disappoints.  But for a special occasion with family that has higher standard it left a little to be desired.  Our experience was 3 stars, but because of all my fond memories I gave it 4.  Be sure to visit if you haven't, but don't expect perfection.
4	The atmosphere of this place is 1 of a kind.  Maybe it's because I'm Jewish, but I've never seen a Church with a Brewery inside.    Additionally, the architecture is unbelievable.The jambalaya was delicious, but a bit overpriced (given the type of restaurant, in my opinion).  Alternatively, the wood-fired brick oven pizzas never disappointed!  The beers always satisfied my picky craft-only-beer-drinking boyfriend.The service wasn't always 100%, but it never hindered us from returning with high hopes!
3	Long wait, good food, good beer. Nice atmosphere, bit over priced.  Service was just okay.
3	The architecture is beautiful and the beer is awesome.  Food is good too, just a little over-priced as some others have mentioned.  The huge downfall of this place is the service.  I've been here on multiple occasisions and the staff is always rude and cold.  I'm not sure if it could be because I'm in my young 20's and maybe they are nicer to "adults", but never-the-less, service should not be compromised depending on the patron.  They always seem to be in a generally bad mood, and extremely bothered at any simple request like getting me another beer!  I'm sorry I thought that was the main part of your job.  Anyway, I would probably never come back here if the beer wasn't as good as it is and if I wasn't a beer enthusiast, simply because of the terrible service.
3	I heard a lot of great things about this place from other friends so for my Mother's birthday I figured we would give it a try. It was OK. I feel the food is WAY over priced for what you get, not to mention the menu is very small. The beer was alright but our waitress said she was new to Pittsburgh so she forgot some of the references to the beer, and one keg kicked so we weren't able to taste a full sampling. I'm glad we got to experience the place, very cool architecture and great atmosphere but the food was so-so, I feel like there are many other places in Pittsburgh were the food is much better for a lower price.
4	I definitely recommend this place to anyone who has not been here yet. The venue is quite unique as you can imagine, and it is an experience you don't want to miss out on whether you are a local or just visiting the area. I tried the pizza last night, and it was very good, as were the appetizers I have tried in the past. The service was also good. That being said, I would not make this place my go-to spot unless you tend to regularly go out with large groups. The venue is the best part of the experience, and there is no need to re-experience it on a regular basis.
3	This is the kind of place to show visitors to Pittsburgh since it is "quirky" and "unique," and it seems to be a hit with visitors - and indeed, the ambiance is quite nice.  However the food quality is sub-par especially with regards to the elevated prices for 4 boiled pierogies or a $13 "Pittsburgh salad."  If memory serves correctly, the pizza is a decent option for dining but it is not found on the main dinner menu.  The beer selection is OK, they offer an interesting sampling flight.  No reservations on the weekends.
2	Nice atmosphere. The prices are a bit expensive for what you actually get.  The beer is good, though. The wait staff is ok, not super excited to see customers, but what do you expect. Food was ok.
5	Delicious dunkel
4	I got here on a Thursday shortly after they opened, around noon. Parking is around back, there is some on the street but not much. Took a seat at the bar and had their lunch burger special, it seemed like it would be spicy based on the menu but wasn't too much burn. Overall the burger was good and made a nice meal. The beer is all brewed on site and I tried a couple drafts. The Thunderhop IPA was good as was the Absolution Ale.
3	I LOVE this place!!!!Had a buffalo burger...A little dry, prolly cause it's buffalo....Maybe mix in something with a little fat to give it some much needed juiciness...Still overall a great time!!!
1	Love yourself enough not to drink here.If you have to dine here, do yourself a favor and only order a pizza--the pizzas are actually quite excellent.Why the single star review?  This place has EVERYTHING going for it, all the ingredients for an awesome restaurant are there, and yet the Church Brew Works still completely fails.  Their beer is awful.  I know a thing or two about making beer and here it the thing:You need to hire a brew master experienced enough to know WHEN beer is finished, and I can also tell that this beer is 'messed around with' too much during the brewing process.  get a better brew master, seriously.NONE of these beers taste finished.  Not one.  At best, the IPA is kind of alright.  the rest of the beers just smell like urine, and they dont taste much better either.oh--and the restaurant STINKS inside.  its the yeast they use for the beer, but it's off putting.The last time I dined there, I ordered the meat loaf and it took forever to come to the table and when it did arrive, it was cold and it had sat so long in the kitchen that a skin had formed on the gravy.  Yuck.our waiter was an asshole.  Very patronizing, to the point where I almost said something. I WANT to like this place.  I really do.  It's lovely inside and it always seems like its going to be great when you first walk in.  Every single time this place dissapoints me.
2	I came here for lunch and was rather disappointed with both the service and the food.We were a large party of 8, but the restaurant was not very busy and service was still slow. The waitress had to be asked multiple times to bring napkins, etc.. and didn't really check in. Even getting the check and getting out was slow.The food took a long time to come out. I had the pulled pork tacos and was very disappointed. They were SO greasy and didn't have a ton of flavor. I got the "bottom of the barrel" fries, which did not impress either.I wanted to like this place, but would not recommend it based on my experience.
4	-What is there to say about this place...it's a brewery built inside of an old church. This place is HUGE! So much space and the bar itself is just massive.  Depending on the time of day, you may get a strong yeast smell which doesn't make everyone in your party happy.-I got the sampler of course, not much to say all the beers were good none stood out as AMAZING.  I actually preferred their pale ale over their IPA. But the sampler is worth trying.-The pizza is fantastic, I've been twice and both times enjoyed it very much.-All in all if you are in the area check this place out, it's got good food, good beer and just the scenery is fantastic
3	Where can two babies and families go to eat a dinner without feeling like they're ruining everyone else's night?  Besides Applebee's.  The casual but darn cool atmosphere of Church Brew Works was a pleasant surprise for us out-of-towners.  We couldn't stand the wait for the restaurant side but, turns out, the seat-yourself bar side had free tables, the same menu and table service.  Sweet!I ordered the Pittsburgh salad - a salad with french fries which the natives said is a Pittsburgh thing.  It was tasty but not particularly interesting besides the fact that there were fries on it.  The cheese and potato perogies we ordered were yummy as well.  The service was very nice.The food wasn't outstanding but it was a nice change from some chain restaurants and pretty good overall.  My friends and husband enjoyed the beer and I hear good things about the pizza.  We were there for a while and didn't feel any pressure to leave as long as we kept ordering a beer or two.
3	This restaurant would have rated 4 stars but for our Server. I've heard about Church Brew for some time and had not set out to eat here, but the restaurant we originally planned had closed. The setting is very nice. The food we had (pork tacos verdes and pierogie saute) was excellent. Unlike the station next to ours, Anthony did not explain the beer list, despite our question about a sampler offering we'd seen on the way to our table and questions about the beer selection. He did not take time with our questions and was inattentive after someone else delivered our food. He never refilled our drinks or offered refills or dessert. I noticed the table next to ours asked for a dessert menu and he delivered it without comment or highlighting and no order was placed. We are normally generous tippers, but Anthony got the minimum 15%. I write this for the purpose of constructive comment. All of this cost our Server and the restaurant money. The Server next to us, on the other hand (blonde/white-haired female) took time with each of the two tables we watched to go over the menu and specials in great detail and regularly followed up with her patrons for questions or refills, etc. She also brought the dessert menu and highlighted a couple items which resulted in an order. The food was excellent and although some light background music and a tad more light would have been nice, I will return with visitors, but Anthony needs a slight tune-up and he will be rewarded for his efforts.
3	If the prices weren't so high, I would have given this restaurant more stars.The environment is beautiful.  Much like in churches of the time, you aren't sure where to look because there are so many beautiful features.The menu is extremely unique with everything from run of the mill pastas to pizzas to alligator pierogies.  And the food we tried was great.  But the prices are quite high for the food you get, especially considering they are double most other brew pub restaurants in the area.I ordered the pierogi pizza at the recommendation of several Yelpers.  I can see why it was pricey - it was HUGE.  I wish they had size options for the pizzas as this pizza could have easily served three people.  It is a good thing I loved the pizza as I'll be eating it for the next three meals.  My husband had the pasta in peanut sauce and thought it was very tasty.  Again, the portion was HUGE.    We had both ordered appetizers and would not have if we had known the food portions were so large.  The french onion soup was fantastic but the wings were nothing to write home about.  I ordered the peanut sauce version and expected them to be tossed in the sauce.  Instead, I had plain wings with a side of the sauce delivered.  I did dip them, but tossing the wings adds to the flavor because some of it soaks in.  I'm not sure if all of their wings are served this way or just the peanut sauce ones, but it seemed strange.We were originally hoping to try some dessert, but with the giant portions, we had no room left.In all, an enjoyable experience with good beer, food and service, but a little to pricey to be more highly recommended.
2	I have been to Church Brew Works several times over the years, and must have never yelped about it. I have even lived within a few blocks of it for the past 3 years.I will say this, it is not the Church Brew that I remember.The beers are OK- from their usual rotation to whatever sort of seasonal they are churning out. I had the Millenium Trippel, and my girlfriend had the coconut stout. Both were reasonable.Our appetites were slavering, having just circumnavigated the downtown looking for somewhere to park for the Jazz festival, yet leaving maligned due to the usual parking issues of downtown Pgh during an event. On the way back, we figured we had not been to Church Brew in a long time, so it would be just the ticket. They had an insert with southern/ creoleish dishes as the specials. This really got my tastebuds raring to go, as I love spicy southern food. To start, we had the alligator peirogies, and for entrees, the Cubano, and the Pulled Pork.The peirogies were tasty enough, but I really did not get anything related to an alligator out of that. Hide I been blind, or blindfolded, I would have assumed they were regular peirogies with a bit of chutney on top. My girlfriends Cubano was a huge disappointment. This is the second time we have tried to get a Cuban Sammich somewhere and left thinking "WTF".  This sandwich is about 1) Well toasted bread 2) A good slathering of mustard 3) an evenly spread layer of crunchy pickle and 4) meat.In that order. My pulled pork was flavorful, but no world beater by any stretch, and was paired with rice and beans minus anything to complement them in terms of flavors. Dont get me wrong, I think those ingredients go together, but some extra spices or textures would have made the dish superb.
4	Always on my list of places to take people that are not from Pittsburgh.  The best things to get are beer and pizza (on the bar menu) for sure.  They have full dinners as well but they are a bit pricier and maybe it's just me but I feel like a trip to the Church Brew Works is not complete without the pizza!The beer is also quite good.  They have a few that our always on tap and then do seasonal beers as well.The coolest thing about this place of course is the fact that is it an old church.  You would not even know it was a restaurant if you happen to miss the sign in front (not on) the building.  They left almost everything as it was.  It still feels like you are in a church.  You still walk through the vestibule when you come in from the street and church benches are still used for seating.  Such a cool place, you have to see it.
5	The beer has made a huge improvement! Try the coconut milk stout, it's amazing.
3	Beer was goodFood was decent but not extraordinary.Converting a place of worship into a brewery is the best thing I can think of doing to a house of worship.
3	For years...and I mean YEARS, I've heard of it, avoided it, and never had the least curiosity about it. It seemed like a waste of a ginormous building, and hype, hype, hype.  Plus, not being a beer drinker at ALL, the 'Brew' part certainly wasn't going to draw me in. But this past week, someone that I've been playing dueling restaurants with took me to Church Brew Works to see what it was all about.Well, I guess it's pretty cool, if you're a tourist, a beer drinker, or don't mind busting a bank account on one meal.The atmosphere is kind of cool in a kitschy way. Take a building once used to drain the soul, and turn it over to something that FEEDS the soul (or at least the liver). Not only is the enormous brew machinery on the altar a very cool replacement for bleeding martyrs, but it finally gives da burgh the centerpiece of worship that is befitting them. In addition to the apse-de-brew, all of the seating has been created from the old pews. Even the menus reflect old church programs.Speaking of atmosphere and menus...I don't eat atmosphere, as I've pointed out in many other reviews. I ultimately go to an eatery to EAT. So after five minutes of taking in the 'atmosphere', I delved into the menu to make a selection.I wasn't terribly impressed with the offerings, and I definitely was not impressed with the prices. If I end up planning my meal according to the menu prices, I've gone to the wrong place. And that is pretty much exactly what happened. We both chose a steak with cheesy potatoes and a corn salad, that was in the $15 range. My friend chose the 'beer sampler', which was like ten small glasses of beer that were supposed to be drunk in a specific order.  So our order was placed, and now on to sucking in more 'atmosphere'.And I DO have to say that whoever places the orders for the wait studs in this place has impeccable taste in dark featured hunky real looking men. I was ready to take communion at any moment, or study up on what it means to be an altar boy.Ok, atmosphere over, on to the food. The steak was cooked the way I liked it, and was very tender and flavorful. The cheesy potatoes, which I firmly believe are the leftovers from stuffing home made pierogis, was very pleasant and tasty as well. The corn salad, I could have used a few more words on the menu, or a heads up as to what all was in it, as onions are not my friend. I also think they could use a little better aim when putting it on the plate, or not use it as a sauce to top everything else on the plate, which seems to be what the aim was. I really didn't need the corn salad on the steak, or even dribbling over the potatoes. On the whole, except for the potential acid reflux from the surprise onions, the meal was satisfying and pretty good. Then came the dessert menu, and my friend opted for coconut cheesecake, and I had the tiramisu.  The tiramisu itself was great. My suggestion would be to drop the kind of fakey tasting chocolate poo blobs decorating the plate. They did nothing to enhance the flavor of the tiramisu, which would have been absolutely perfect by itself.Our waitress was very friendly and helpful, the meal was good, and my friend liked most of his beer (with ten of them, it's naturally going to be hit or miss). The atmosphere was pleasant and not TOO over the top 'sports bar' video screenage, and the eye candy just kept walking back and forth.But once again, I am drawn back to the high pricing, which is what will prevent me from becoming a regular. I'm not even a fan of being treated when the prices are that high. And as I said...if I'm choosing my meal by price more than by desire...I'm in a FTLT situation.I can see how the place would appeal to a tourist, or to a black and gold anniversary dinner.  But as a regular haunt...not so much.
5	Darren took me here before I joined Yelp, and I liked it as much then as I did the other night. The Coconut Stout beer was scrumptious. Our server Megan was all-around awesome. I loved the Wild Boar Quesadillas and the Belgian Fries with that superyummy lemon-caper aioli.My Chicken Madrid was excellent. The braised chicken came with sofrito, smoked pineapple, crispy polenta, and a salad of fennel, radish and celery. So good!!! Darren and I both shared the Chocolate Mousse Cake and the Malted Bread Pudding with malted chocolate ice cream, and they were each amazing. We never smelled anything funny. The interiors are huge and gorgeous and resemble a chatty dining hall.If this place is a "tourist trap" (and I don't understand the debbie downer reviews it's been getting lately), I am trapped! I love Church Brew Works and recommend it a bunch.
4	Fantastic setting.  Wonderful service.  Good food - but not great.I've been here three times now, and the place is consistent.  It's a very satisfying place to be - great setting (albeit a bit loud due to the beer brewing setup), great people.  Good food (not divine but definitely tasty!) and the beer is pretty good quality - a tad watery.Overall, though, I'll be back again, I'm sure, because it's just such a fantastic experience overall.
5	We really, really enjoyed our lunch here. It was our first visit to Pittsburgh and our first meal in the area.  I've never actually had a Perogie but the Perogie Pizza was very good (and filling) with mashed potatoes, onions and cheddar.  When ordering something like that you just need to have a lot of trust in the restaurant and an open mind, and they really came through.  The pizza crust was excellent and I would be very interested to go back and taste a more "normal" pizza from there.  The beers were also excellent.  We had the sour wheat beer and the brown ale.  If I could return I'd probably try the sampler, which looked very robust.
5	I give this 5 stars in every way. It's worth the trip just to see an honest to goodness cathedral converted to a beautiful brewery and restaurant. It is truly a marvel.We were just in the city for one night (family of four from Philadelphia passing through on our way further west) and I am do glad we spent it here. We had: hummus, wings, buffalo burger, pulled pork taco, and pulled pork tostadas, and shaved asparagus salad (yes we were hungry and put kids are growing!) The only thing that was just ok was the hummus (it was fine but not great)--everything else was great. We also sampled: cherry quadzilla (very different and tasty) Kenya coffee pale ale (unexpected combo that worked). Service was friendly and attentive and knowledgable. Crowd was nice. Comfortable having a family there but not overrun by kids and families. Try this place!!
4	Personally, Church Brew is one of those places I never venture myself, but I always take visiting company to...  I mean, it's a brewery...  in a church, and a beautiful one at that.Relative to beer, Church took a major hit when its head brewery ran down the street to open his own gig (on my list of beers to try!).  Thus far, it seems like the quality of their brews hasn't been majorly affected, but CBW is one of those places that I either absolutely love or absolutely hate their beer.  A monthly rotating "blast furnace stout" (different flavors/methods of brewing) always presents an interesting drink, and their Cherry Quadzilla is good if you like fruity interpretations of Belgians.  Thunderhop IPA is that staple of the bunch, and a good representation of the type at that.Relative to food, Church is generally also hit or miss here too.  Most of their food is average, however their pizza (particularly the wild boar) is extremely good (just be prepared to wait an hour plus if the oven gets backed up).Overall, I'll give Church the nod as it truly is a unique gem to the city (one that's gotten a lot of national attention, including Brewpub of the Year), but it falls short of a five considering its roughness around the edges and a lack of consistency.
5	What a gorgeous place. We chose to eat on the patio out back, which was a good call due to the slightly-loud interior. Such a lovely and unique dining spot, with great food and an awesome beer menu. I loved my super-fat salad, with fries, melted Jack cheese and buffalo chicken tenders on it; my favourite when-in-America dish, indulgent and tasty, with two buckets of dressing on the side. The perogies were pretty nice, well-filled and solid. I also really liked the spinach dip with smoked Gouda, as a shared appetizer. Note that this place is out in the middle of nowhere, relatively, so plan ahead; we waited for a cab for quite some time.
3	Started off date night with a stop at the Church. My husband and I hadn't been there for awhile and were really interested in the seasonal and specialty brews. The bartender was able to provide a flight of most of them, which was not standard - very appreciated. The beers were unique, but not awesome, and one of them came in a glass that hadn't been rinsed thoroughly; it tasted like dishwasher soap. We both know beer, and this wasn't right. It wasn't some kind of cilantro beer or anything.We ordered the homemade chips, which were delightful, before setting off to the next destination.
4	A very good brewpub. Unique and beautiful setting and tasty, interesting beer. Food is hit or miss. I had excellent onion soup and good pizza. Fries were a bit soggy, and the server was okay but not great, getting confused about what we had ordered a couple of times. Overall, very good, though!
4	Visiting from Milford, Ohio.  My husband was very excited about checking out this place.  WOW!  Beautiful!!  I took a ton of pictures, loved reading about the place.  I'm not a beer drinker but my hubby says the IPA was good; the others he tasted were not as memerable. I felt like the food prices were too high.   The experience was great:)
4	Nice location for a brewery.  Everything was good: the beer, perogies and pulled pork tacos.  The ambiance is what makes his place special.  I will be back to try more of their seasonal brews!
5	I've heard people talk of this place and thought to myself that I must go here one night.  The deal was sealed when my mom had told me she saw on national TV that it's one of the best places to eat in the Burgh.  She was salivating at the thought of a pirogi pizza.  So when my mom came down to cash in on her Mother's Day gift, my sister and I decided to bring her here to eat first.There was ample parking behind the building so no need to worry about finding a spot on the street.  Walking in, being that this restaurant is located in a old church, you feel as if there is a spiritual awakening about to happen.  And there is one about to happen.When you enter, make your seating selection wisely.  You can either sit by the bar, or in their 'dining area.'  Depending on what side you sit is the type of menu you are handed.  We chose the dining are and because we were thinking about the pizzas, we had to ask for the bar menu, even if it was just to look.  Also, don't forget to check out the board on your way in to check out the specials and what the untraditional pirogi are for the day.After looking over the menu, we opted not to have a pizza because we were afraid it wouldn't hold up in the car after we left here.  My mom chose the traditional pirogi with the homemade chips.  Sister decided on Yinzer Cheesesteak with fresh cut fries.  And I couldn't pass up the untraditional pirogi for the day: asparagus and cream cheese.  I also got a side of Belgian fries with lemon caper aioli.  These pirogi were amazing.  I was a bit worried at first when I saw the mixture, but totally surprise by how good the combo worked.  The Belgian fries hit the spot as well, the dip was a nice sweet combo.  My mom loved her traditional perigees and had so much of the chips left over they went home with her.  My sister's Yinzer cheesesteak looked good.  It's just a cheesesteak...Pittsburgh style, i.e. read that as a cheesesteak with fries and cole slaw on it.The service was top notch here too.  The server knew every answer and was knowledgeable about all the items on the menu.  The hostess when we walked in and I asked a question about the untraditional pirogi did not know the answer but told me if I did get them, let her know how they tasted so she could pass it on to other customers.Everything in here is interesting to look at.  While we waited for our food, we just looked around a lot.  Each of us pointing at various items throughout the building.  Even the bathrooms were nifty.I, however, cannot speak of the brews.  As I was driving, but I'm sure I will be back to partake in one or more.
1	I don't know who these people are goofing and gawing over this brew house. While the church interior is impressive that is where the wonder ends. Not a beer person myself so I ordered a sangria which they were out of so had the bartender made me a mixed drink. My first mistake. It was overly sweet and had no alcohol very college style. We ordered the Belgium fries that turned out to be soggy hand cut fries that were not twice fried. The white aioli sauce (which should be yellow since it is made with egg yolks) was just mayonnaise that had been dumped with dill and salt  - in other words, it was terrible. We ordered the vegetable pizza which is a white pizza but no where is that mentioned the the menu. It was dry, dry as dust and flavorless. The crust was really good and would make good pretzels.And now for the important part. My husband the beer snob was excited to try the beers! First the Coffee beer he thought was average and wouldn't drink again. The second was a Smokey Sour which was just lightly smokey and no sour. Disappointed with the brews he ordered a sample of Inside Out Stout which golden on color and was in no way a stout. Husband said all the beers were just weird and not in a good way.He also didn't like that the beers were served with a LOT of foam/head.We can't recommend this place, sad face. Maybe this place is fancy eats for college kids but our tastes have long matured.
3	Awesome place to put a brewery. We were lucky that our hotel's shuttle would take us there and pick us up, because getting a cab on a Saturday is, apparently, impossible.Food was... Meh. Beer was decent (I didn't love most of them). Service was also OK. She wasn't wonderful, but she was fairly attentive.
4	Pierogies and Sweet potato fries, awesome. Beer, good. Flight was good to order with nice sized portions. Location is original and a must visit while in Pitts.
3	The beer was good. The atmosphere was quite unique but rambunctious servers and a stressed staff added to a very live environment. It also didn't help that there was no music. It sounded like a cafeteria. Staff didn't take time to actually talk about the beer and seemed it just run around in circles. The food: PASS. Didn't opt for the pizza, but the cheesesteak was awful. My opinion, go for a quick drink, and get out.
5	So good! Great food, beer, and atmosphere. The wild boar quesadilla was amazing...I wanted more! We also ordered the beer sampler. It gives you enough to try all the beers and share. The building is beautiful. It's a great space and all the brewing equipment is right in the main area.  Lots to see. Had a great time!
4	Heard about this place for a while, and finally got the chance to check it out.  The atmosphere of the Church is very fun.  It's like a German beer garden.  We went on a sat and it was fun and loud. They have about 7-10 different beers to try. It's all open so all the beer tanks are inside the main seating.No comment on the food though .It's a really cool addition to Pittsburgh.
3	A brewery in a church?  Interesting and unique for sure. I first heard about this place two years ago during my residency interviews.  Two years later I made the visit, on my first night of what will be at least four years in Pittsburgh.  So how did my first visit go?Food (5.0/10) = Before I moved here, I did some research on foods unique to Pittsburgh.  One of the items that kept popping up were the pierogis.  As such, I was excited to order pierogis as my first dish in this city.  So what exactly did I get.  Hmmm.  I saw four pillow-like objects that looked like Chinese dumplings, but a little larger.  They sat in a pool of butter, and topped with a big ass dollop of sour cream.  Hmm, ok....so now to find out what juiciness awaits on the inside.  Mashed potatos?  Wait a second...what the hell is this? A blob of fat laying on top of carbs stuffed with more carbs, all swimming in a pool of fat?  My attention was then redirected to my friend who had just ordered the pierogi pizza.  Using my imagination, I visualized a thick crust pie with chunks of dough and mashed potatoes as toppings.  I was almost correct.  It was essentially a mashed potato pizza.  Now this concept is great if executed properly.  In fact, a pizza joint in New Haven, CT called Bar pretty much perfected this (Bacon, mashed potato thin crust pizza).  However, the pierogi pizza fell flat.  Just carbs on more carbs.    I also ordered what I thought would be a turkey breast sandwich.  I received grocery store deli turkey meat (the slimy processed kind that swims in sodium nitrite preservative inside a plastic container) in between two dry pieces of bread.  And this sandwich costs $9-10?  Where's the actual real turkey breast I thought I paid for?  Needless to say, the food was a big disappointment.  The only thing that I can say positive things about is the beer.  Great beer selection.  Hell, it's a "brewery," so better get the beer right, right?Ambiance (8.0/10) = Certainly a unique set up.  Beer everywhere. Stained glass.  You can pray to the beer gods here.Service (8.0/10) = Our waitress was great.  Allowed me to sample several of their beers before selecting one.   Was attentive.Overall Opinion = A cool place to check out at least once.  Beer is good.  Food is meh.  $9-10 for a crappy sandwich worth about $1,...hell no.  No amen to that abomination.
3	I give it 3 stars, but my husband (the craft brew expert) loves this place.  In fact; we usually entertain out of town guests here.  The building is beautiful and it smells like brewing beer.  I just wish the menu lived up to everything else.  The food is good, but that's it.  Just good.  The beer is great and it's a quirky unique place.  Defiantly worth checking out.
2	Once we got over the fact that we were in a church-turned-brewery... the whole gimmick faded and we realized that this was a pretty sub-par restaurant.First off, this two star rating is due to the food and service. I hesitated giving it a 3-star because the beers were pretty good. But we're in Pittsburgh and by default, good beers are expected.- The waiter our group got was seriously one of the worst waiters I have ever gotten. The moment we sat down, our waiter came over and asked if we wanted anything to drink in a tone of "I do not want to be here." We asked if he could have a moment to look at the menu because it was our first time and asked for one more menu. He walked over to a table with a cute couple and took the menu right off their table and gave it to me without asking the other couple if they were done with it. He then stormed off and didn't come back till way later. When we were ordering food, he gave us attitude for everything and was extremely rude. My friend asked a question and he answered with a sarcastic remark and walked to the next person, never bothering to actually wait or answer the question honestly. When we got our checks, he threw them onto our table. I was extremely annoyed by his attitude towards us, which started before we even spoke to him. I understand that you have bad days and just don't want to deal with anyone, but that is no way to act to someone who is trying their best not to anger you and now completely confused as to why you are treating them like crap. Anywho... rant over. Bleh.- The pizza was alright. A little dry and not super unique. I felt like it was missing something in flavor. The portions were huge, however.- I got two beers, the Rotating Stout (which is actually a light beer brewed with coffee and chocolate) and the Dunkel. The Rotating Stout was certainly unique, it didn't have the heavy, silky finish of real stouts, but had it's own unique, refreshing tart with aftertastes of coffee. The Dunkel was smooth and not super strong, again, a good beer to drink. Both beers were great and decently priced, but I would not come back just for the beers when there are other great beer places in Pittsburgh.The only reason why I would come back is if I had run out of things to show visiting friends or they saw this on a flyer and HAD to see it. Otherwise, there are so many other unique, amazing things in Pittsburgh that I would love to show friends and family.So luckily, I was in good company because the experience here would've been absolutely miserable.
1	We have been going to Church Brew Works, probably since they opened off and on for years.  The beer has always been good, as well as the food.  I always get excited for Oktoberfest and the Wiener Schnitzel Holstein.  Could not wait to get there again this year.Sorry to say, the cutlet was thick, and overcooked in the deep fryer as were the potato pancakes.  My husband and I still looked forward to the bread pudding for dessert.  It was as dry as the desert!  The waiter was kind enough to take the bread pudding off the bill, but when my husband handed him a $20 and asked for change, he thanked him, did an about face and walked off with a more than generous tip that was not deserved.Needless to say, this place has turned into a tourist trap that we will never again return.  There are plenty of good food and beer establishments in the area, with much better service.
3	I can drink beer in church!?!?! That is the appeal of Church Works, drinking in a church converted into a brewery. The pierogis.....delicious. That is what I want to eat every damn day. I was pretty bummed the coconut beer was not available and instead tried the licorice flavored stout (sorry, poor memory and I can't remember what it was called). I wasn't too fond of it and my sadness over the coconut beer was probably pouring into the beer. My gf and I snacked and only had the pierogi, side salad, and beers but we mostly went to say we drank beer in church.And there are PEWS in the ladies's restroom!
2	The ambiance is better than the food or beer and it is QUITE expensive. Seriously though, it is almost breathtaking when you walk in the door. A huge church renovated into a brewery/restaurant...what a sight! The altar is very impressive, full of giant beer tanks. The stained glass is beautiful and they even have a few of the confessional rooms used as storage behind the bar! Definitely worth stopping in for a drink, but there are much better places to get food.We had the cheesy spinach dip as an appetizer and that was pretty good, although a small serving. I was very excited for the brisket...which turned out to be under-cooked and very rubbery. I didn't even eat half of it. I was able to sample some platters that others with me ordered. I was impressed with the Buffalo Meatloaf. The Pierogie entree was very good but was almost $20! The best part of our dinner was our server, Ally. She was pleasant, energetic and patient with our indecisive party of 8. She was very knowledgeable about the different types of beers and made great suggestions for our table.As far as the beer goes, Thunderhop and Unholy Matrimony are pretty good...Not sure if they have a happy hour, but if they do, that would be a great time to sample their beers, take in the sights and then head somewhere else for dinner.
3	Great atmosphere but average food.  Coupled with the less than stellar neighborhood and this was a once and done for me.
4	This is one of our favorite places in Pittsburgh. We always bring out of town guests and they always love it.Last night we had a special experience there. We went for their Oktoberfest Brewers Dinner, a five-course dinner with paired beers. It was wonderful. All of the courses were delicious and the beers were a good match. They started it off with an off-menu pumpkin stout. You could drink it all night it was so good. But, it was just the start. There was definitely a lot of beer to be drunk, pun intended. They also included some of their souvenir glasses at the end.Sitting down with us was one of the brewers, Justin Viale. Justin was a lot of fun to be with and his sharing of his brewing knowledge and CBW experience added to the evening. The chef, Joe Kiefer, came out with each course to explain it. Great job, Joe.Finally, we learned these special dinners are put on every other month. We thought this was an Oktobefest only event. We'll be going back for more!
5	I wish I lived in Pittsburgh!!!!!!!Church Brew Works is the neatest restaurant I've ever been to. Talk about re-purposing an old, unused building! Let this be an example to all cities with churches (and buildings of any type) that are sitting unused and/or derelict. This restaurant gives "re-purpose" a whole new meaning. Only downside with re-purposing a building like this is the acoustics. Because the walls and ceiling don't have any shock absorbancy, sound is not absorbed and it gets *very* loud in here! We came here late at night, 9pm on a Friday. It was packed and loud. The way tables and booths are laid out gives every party privacy without putting up huge dividers. It's reminiscent of being in a mess hall or what I think of a dining area to be like in Henry VIII's court back in the Middle Ages. Just an openness you don't get in most dining experiences. The church has pews, stained glass and a pulpit area, which has also been re-purposed into a brewing station, which may or may not be considered blasphemous! The food was very good, though a little on the stodgy side. I made the mistake of eating some of a pierogi appetizer that my companions ordered, forgetting that I had ordered the special that night which was cheese and potato pierogis. Way too heavy; I would have been better off eating a salad. I also tried some of the spinach and cheese dip, which was incredible!!!Of course, the main attraction is the beer. And boy, do they make good beer! I had the Octoberfest, which seemed to be the most popular. It was the best I've had. Also tried the pumpkin beer, which was delicious, as well!Can't wait to come back here next time I'm in town.
3	The fries are the perfect combination of crisp and salty and, of course, they are served with Heinz ketchup. I enjoyed sipping on the Pious Monk Dunkel, but wish I had tried the Pumpkin Stout. The Chicken Sausage Sandwich had a bit of a spicy kick to it, but the kick was tampered by the aiolis that coated the soft sweet bun.
4	Unique location and good food, the flags remind me at my original home (Bavaria), can recommend the pizza and the carrot cake :)
2	I want to like this place, I really do.  That's part of the reason we go back, that and the friendly staff. It is a great setting, I love the concept and I am convinced that they are on the edge of really having something special.However, at the end of the day the food is letting down what has the potential to be an awesome overall experience.Tonight I had the meatloaf.  I'm not a big fan of meat loaf, but as is one of their signature dishes so I thought I'd try it.  Ugkh!  The entire meal was incredibly salty, way over salty.  I mean borderline inedible.  The meatloaf itself was dry and not appealing and the rest of the plate just went down hill from there. My wife had the Salmon.  Salmon is usually a pretty safe dish, but in this case it was again, a little dry and just not appetizing.   However, the it came with similar sides to the meatloaf and bam there goes the saltiness again.Our three kids had three different meals, hard to screw up pasta or perogies or pizza.  Well you would think, except the pizza arrived a good 5 minutes after the other meals, was overcooked and again heavily salted.  All in all we want to like this place.  The staff are always friendly, as they were again tonight, and I'll admit to having a soft spot for their Celestial Gold, but we may have to take a break for a while.  Been stung once too often lately to be going back anytime soon.I really hope that they sort out their food.
5	I very rarely give anything 5 stars which should go to saying how much I liked this place.  My wife and I stopped in on a Sunday shortly after they opened while on a road trip. We were kind of apprehensive based on some of the reviews on yelp but since this was the only brewery open on Sunday we figured how bad could it actually be. To our great surprise it was amazing.  The service was top notchThe food was great and very originalThe beer was well balanced and while they had some simple flag ships they also had some amazing experimental brews.The space....Whats there to say about a church being turned into a brewery other than AWESOME!If you are ever in the area make it a point to stop in and check this brewery out. They have been around for 17 years so they are not just jumping on the craft beer crazy but have put years of work into perfecting their brand and beer.
4	The church itself is absolutely stunning and it blows you away as soon as you walk in. The food is good, not exceptional but good - try the Mexican pizza if you are a vegetarian. Our party was split on whether or not we liked the pierogie pizza. The beer is nothing to write home about - but everything else made it a great spot to stop by as we drove through Pittsburgh!
3	This place is a must see. It's all about the experience really. Walking through the doors of a once Roman Catholic Church for dining is truly unique. We never forgot that we were dining in an old church. Beautiful building inside and out with stain glass and pipe organ nestled in the back of the church. The beer was fantastic! The food was very good but the menu was not what I was expecting. They didn't have the normal pub menu choices but that did make it unique. The beet salad with honey vinaigrette and goat cheese was good and the Cajun sweet potatoes were the best I've had.  Main complaint was parking was hard to find on the weekend and the food was pricey. The beer was reasonably priced.
3	Cheap beer, neat setting, lots of seating but fairly quiet on a Saturday night around 11pm...I was pretty hyped in coming to this place but the vibe there was just too quiet and they didn't really have a lot of beer selection, altho they did have their own brewery in the background
4	Church Brew Works was one of the highlights of my visit in Pittsburgh. The church where they've set up shop is in excellent condition, and the huge amount of space inside is all used effectively.  The entire place was packed when we visited on a Saturday night around 8:00. They had a large number of draft selections in an equally large range of styles, all available in taster flight portions. Our server was quick and attentive, the prices were reasonable, and the overall setting was comfortably between calm and lively.  Parking was easy to find just down the street and we found seats at a table near the bar right away.
5	Updating my original review--  on these cold winter days, I strongly recommend the perogie pizza.  It really warms you up.  I think this menu item is much more appropriate to order in winter than on a hot summer day, like what I did last time.Still five stars, great restaurant.
2	This restaurant ruined my New Year's Eve! My husband and I made a reservation for 10pm, thinking it would be a fun place to be at midnight - we were wrong. We were told we had the table for 2 hours, and there were all sorts of rules about how you couldn't cancel or be late or else they'd charge you. We were a few minutes early, and pretty much the first thing our server said to us when we sat down was, "Our kitchen is about to close." Why they take reservations for 10pm if that's when the kitchen closes, I can't imagine. So, we quickly put in our order (we both wanted their special New Year's Eve 3 course prix fixe menu), and continued to be rushed through the entire meal. The appetizer was disappointing - my husband ordered Fried Goat Cheese and the portion was so teeny tiny; the cheese pieces were about the size of a dime. I had the Cioppino, which was supposed to be mussels, scallops, and shrimp in a lobster-saffron broth. There was no shrimp, and the mussels and scallops were so miniature that they had no flavor whatsoever. The broth and garlic bread were good.While we were still eating our appetizers they brought out the soup/salad course, which is so rude and made us feel rushed. My husband's Lobster Bisque was good, but again, very small portion. I had the Roasted Cauliflower Salad, which turned out to be an arugula salad, garnished with a few small shavings of cauliflower.Again, while we were still eating our soup/salad, they brought out our entree, and by that time we were pretty annoyed and asked if they could keep the entrees hot while we finished our current course. Our server was visibly impatient/annoyed and said that her manager didn't want our entrees in the window, but agreed to bring them back anyway. When we were finished and she brought our entrees back out they were lukewarm. The flavors were good, but would have been much better if prepared/served at the appropriate time.Then we asked to see the dessert menu and our server said no, the kitchen is closed. We asked to speak to the manager. Miraculously, the kitchen was not actually closed. We had dessert - my Malted Bread Pudding was good, but my husband's Carrot Cake was way too gingery.Through each course, the staff was cleaning around us, making us feel even more rushed, and we couldn't even have a normal conversation because they were hovering so much. Our server was acting like she couldn't wait for us to leave.When we were finished and it was time to pay, the manager finally came out. He glazed over the whole issue and did not listen to our complaints. By that time we felt so unwelcomed, we just wanted to get out of there. So, we were actually driving home when the clock struck midnight. So disappointing!I don't know how this place would be on a regular night, but I definitely would stay away from it on any sort of special occasion. I am just shocked by how unprofessional they were on every level.
2	The novelty of the setting can only carry your experience so far. The food itself was sad and frustrating - especially considering the price of some dishes.As I looked over the menu, I noticed one consistency: most dishes sounded very ordinary or even boring except for one or two incongruous ingredients. It is as if they are trying to make everything different or special by adding an arbitrary distinction.My dinner started with the Seven Onion soup. Arbitrary Distinction #1. Are onions really so varied in flavor once cooked in broth and cheese that using seven varieties will create a nuanced dish? Well, it was decent but no different than French Onion soup anywhere else, made with six fewer onions no doubt.After the dinner menu failed to pique my appetite, I ordered the Turkey and Swiss sandwich from the pub menu. It arrived on pumpernickel slices, plain and untoasted like an elementary school lunch. This brown bagger of a sandwich consisted of dry turkey crumbles paired with greens and red onion but no moisture. The occasional taste of cranberry? Arbitrary distinction #2. I found myself painting it in ranch dressing and sucking down water just to be able to swallow without choking.One table mate ordered the mussels dish. I noticed him rubbing the white sauce from the meat onto the garlic bread and I soon realized why. After biting into the bread with the sauce, I found myself being force to spit it into a napkin. The white sauce was so salty, bus loads of Jewish tourists could float on the surface of it. The bread was harshly peppered. They were inedible.Another table mate's dish included a lemon aioli (#3) that was runny and astringent, as if flavored with Pledge Multisurface. Another had the southwesty wrap (I forget the name) and only ate the insides. The reason was a tortilla that was spicy enough to choke a person (#4). Want to dip your fries in my chipotle ketchup (#5)? I'll pass.I'm glad that the service was attentive because my palate needed those four water refills. Some advice, Brew Works? Pick a dish one at a time and refine it. Make it delicious. Your food doesn't need novelty condiments and bizarre pairings to be unique and memorable. It just needs to be good.
1	Really wish I had read some of the 1-2 star reviews before planning my fiance's birthday dinner here, which I had intended to be the perfect ending to a fun day touring Pittsburgh's breweries.   I absolutely agree with every other reviewer that the service is appalling.  We were told to sit anywhere, so we grabbed a high table near the bar. We were ignored and made to feel unwelcome by our indifferent, bored, rude server with questionable hygiene.  The server, Antonio, did not introduce himself when he initially came around to take our order, the point at which servers usually welcome you to the establishment.  (We only discovered his name from the check at the end)  He simply asked how many were in the party, presumably so he could gauge what his tip would be.  Since there were only two of us (again, intimate dinner with fiance), he decided we weren't worth much effort.We waited a long time for him to come around to take our order, so we decided instead of ordering appetizers and really savoring our meal, we'd just get a quick pizza.   The server realized the tab wouldn't be high since I wasn't going to be drinking and we weren't ordering soups, salads, or any appetizers so he decided right then we weren't worth even the most basic level of service.  When the pizza finally came out, it had a 3-inch long curly black hair on it.  Both my fiance and I are dirty blonds, and the hair uncannily matched our lackadaisical server's unkempt black hair and unruly beard.    (hey I got nothing against beards by the way, my honey's got one, but this guy could use some trimmers) After the hirsute discovery, we waited another 20 minutes or so for him to come around and check to see how the meal was so that I could point out the hair.  He didn't seem bothered but offered to get a new pizza for us, which took another 30 minutes. The pizza was so-so, and we had to wonder the whole time if there was anything 'extra' deposited in there by the annoyed waiter.No surprise we waited a VERY VERY long time for the check.  I was considering just walking out but finally my fiance flagged down a waitress, told her we hadn't seen our server in a long time.  She asked for his name, which we didn't know at that point, and then asked for a physical description.  Since this place has 30 high- school/college-aged kids working there, our description happened to fit that of another dark-haired, beardy unkempt kid walking by.   (I know I'm making myself sound old here, but I've reached my third decade and I feel I've earned it, I have worked in the service industry and it's not that hard to provide the minimum level of service and courtesy).FINALLY, Antonio appeared, perfunctorily provided the check and finally gratefully we were on our way.I wanted to complain to management, but I never saw any, and based on some other reviews, I doubt it would have accomplished anything.  It seems management is going out of their way to teach bad manners to the waitstaff.Oh and the gimmick of being in an old church with pretty stained glass windows and brewery equipment where the altar once was, wears off real quick.   First and last time here.  Ruined our night and put a sour taste in our mouth after a day which had been fun up until this stop.  Not only will we NEVER go back here, we won't be buying their beers at any distributor ever again.    Do not come here on a special occasion, in fact, don't waste your time or money here at all.   There are plenty of other awesome microbreweries opening up who will be serving food, and eventually may put this dump out of business.
4	The food is great.  I'd highly recommend the pierogies, Buffalo burger, or pizza.  My wife's favorite is the shrimp and grits.  We took our cousin from Atlanta, and he mentioned that he's never had better grits down south!  They have a lot of great brews, and the flight is a fantastic way to try them all.  We go here anytime we have friends/family in from out of town.  The venue offers a truly unique ambiance that you won't find anywhere else.
4	It's sacril-icious.
2	Don't waste your time.The pros:  Very pretty, beer is good, relatively inexpensive.The cons:  Food is absolutely terrible.  In two trips, they served tasteless philly cheese steak (how is that even possible), and a quesadilla that was cold.  When I returned it to the waiter, they brought it back two minutes later, they had evidently just thrown it into the microwave.  Also the food took  more than an hour to arrive.I will only go here if a group of friends forces me to go, and even then I will only drink.  Please don't bother taking anyone here for dinner.
4	They have a good beer selection of which they make themselves. They had rattlesnake pierogies the first time I went.  Interesting to say the least but had a nice kick and enjoyed them. The pierogie pizza is awesome. i  have been there twice now and will make it a point to return.
4	This place is awesome, if for nothing else the sacrilegiousness of the whole thing.  I love the stained glass windows, pews, and of course the brew kettles located right on the alter... It's a beer lovers religious experience. Also enjoyed the food too, but admittedly it's more about the atmosphere.
4	This place is great! Excellent atmosphere (it's so unique, you simply MUST try it), great beer choices (awesome sampler), cool food choices (and everything we had was good, not 5-star dining [come on, this is a beer pub], but definitely GOOD).  Our waiter was attentive and the musicians in the kilts with the accordions were darn entertaining (especially singing happy birthday to the entire venue)!  We thoroughly enjoyed ourselves and even took home some souvenirs.  We are definite fans!  (Please ignore all the people who complained on this site, but didn't take the initiative to bring it to the attention of Church Brew Works so that they could rectify it immediately - the night we were there in September, the manager must have come by our table two or three times just to check on us - he was the one who actually took the initiative to get the musicians to play my guy a birthday song when I told him why we were there [his birthday] ... use your adult voices and say something next time you start to get that "I'm not happy" feeling - guaranteed a manager would want to fix the situation immediately. No one wants unhappy customers "yelping" dramatic negative reviews without the opportunity to make it right on the spot.)
1	We have gone twice.  The first time we actually got a table after waiting almost an hour.  The food was OK as long as you stick to burgers and pizza.  The beer was pretty good though.  The cons were the service.  Once we actually got sat, the wait staff was very inattentive.  The second time we went we were told that they don't accept reservations on weekend nights.  We couldn't even sit at the bar it was that crowded.  And they told us an hour and a half wait.  For decent beer and OK food, totally not worth it.
3	This place is mayhem on a Saturday night.We somehow managed to wrestle a tall, four-person bar table right upon arrival so the killer waits and crowd didn't affect us much. There is the waiting list for the restaurant side (right), and the free-for-all that is the bar (left) side. Every man for himself, regardless of how you slice it.We had the pierogis and 'Belgian' fries to open, and split two pizzas amongst the four of us. The peirogis were excellent; the fries were just fries with a dish of aioli - i guess aioli makes them Belgian. One pizza (pierogi again) was solid, the other struggled with flavor - so much so that I can't even remember what was on it. The crust on that one was also undercooked, with the edges burnt (oven temp issue?). We also had two flights of the beer sampler, and those were excellent. I was checking out non-pizza items all around us and can safely say that the food is probably not great across the board - it looks like a lot of straight up, low-end bar food. That's not horrible, but just advice for the eating side of the world. It's a pretty cool place if you don't mind crowds and noise. Certainly worth a visit.
4	Beautiful and full of beer.  I ordered fried Brussel Sprouts.  People are friendly.  Oh yeah... It's in a church.
2	The ambience is awesome, but I thought the food and beer were really lacking.We had the rattlesnake (the special) and potato and cheese pierogies.  The crust was  thick and chewy--not my favorite pierogie crust.  The fillings weren't great either.  The rattlesnake was similar to chicken in taste and blandness.  The potato was lackluster as well...I've had way better potato pierogies from the grocery store.My husband tried the beer sampler, and while he found the beers pretty agreeable, I couldn't find a single one that pleased my taste buds.  I normally like wheat and slightly fruity beers, so that could be why...take my beer opinion with a grain of salt.My entree was the mussels, which were cooked in beer.  Sadly I didn't enjoy those because the beer they were cooked in had a bitter/hoppy taste...meh.  My friend's pizza was pretty tasty, so I think pizza is the way to go for food here.It was an interesting place to check out while I was in town, but with average food, service and pricing, I wouldn't go out of my way to try it again.
4	This place has legit beer and good food.  The atmosphere is a little noisy, but it's a fun place that I'll definitely re-visit!
4	Let's just say this... you're drinking beer in a church.  Doesn't get much better than that.  The Onion Soup was great as well as the Wild Boar BBQ Pizza.  Can't beat the prices either.
4	First of all these guys are like the pioneers of the Pittsburgh craft beer movement.   Cool concept, good beer, and decent food.  I remember coming here last time I was in the 'Burgh 5 or 6 years ago and I feel like I had a much higher opinion of it that time around.  Not that there was anything wrong this go round I just feel like the gastro pub scene has really stepped up its game in the past few years and these guys have remained pretty much the same.  Worth a visit if your in town for a few days, if for nothing else than the photo op of the fermentation vessels in the alter!
3	The food is okay but the beers and ambiance are the focal point. CONS: It is incredibly loud; and, food takes too long to come out. PROS: The beer is fresh and tasty; and, the church itself is gorgeous.
4	Very cool ambiance! And tasty beer. No pee on toilet seats. What else matters?
3	I wish I could post separate reviews for the beers and the experience. The beer is great. It's fresh. Based on the quality, I presume CBW is a craft brew pub. There is an interesting selection of rotating beers. I will definitely attempt to acquire more CBW beer in the future; unfortunately, I don't think it will be at this venue.To start, it took about 10 minutes to get the attention of one of the bartenders. That's just too long especially when everyone is ordering just beer. Also, the bartender brought us the wrong beers. We ordered the belgian tripels, and he be brought us american barleywines. I should have noticed from the color and said something immediately, but I decided to give it a shot with the likely chance that I was wrong. Upon tasting, my suspicion was confirmed; however, I really enjoyed the style, so I didn't ask the bartender to correct it. I'm glad I tried something new, yet it shouldn't have happened this way.The atmosphere is very similar to Hofbrauhaus'. It's very loud with a eclectic clientele; similar to Hofbrauhaus, there are many family casually dining. one big difference is that no one is dancing on their seat. I would also assert that folks here appear to be less drunk which I'd attribute to the smaller serving glasses. Also, there didn't seem to be a beer garden.
4	1. Awesome, awesome concept. Loved how the alter showcased the brewing 2. Variety of award winning beers to choose from - definitely wished we ordered a flight instead.3. Mussels for that day was absolutely delicious. I couldve easily ordered and finish two more plates.4. Yinz cheese steak was pretty good, never had one with coleslaw and fries inside but a great compliment to the meat5. Beer buffalo wings were delicious, not soggy with sauce or too dry.6. Seats were old school pews
4	I am an out of towner and we heard this place is all the rage. And it is!!! The beer selection was extensive (if you like IPAs, this place is for you). I was impressed by the waiter's knowledge of each beer. My other half got the beer sampler, an excellent way to try a little bit of everything. As far as food goes, everything I tried was delicious. My favorite was my entree - potato and cheese pierogi with garlic sauce (I also opted for the addition of pancetta). I couldn't finish it all, but I so wanted to! I was stuffed. If we visit again, I will probably be trying the pizza from their bar menu. Last thing - how cool to turn an old church into a brewery!? Thumbs up for originality!
4	If you have never eaten here, you should go just to see the inside of this old church turned brewery (unless you think that kind of thing is a sin). The place is amazingly beautiful. Even the bathrooms are pretty. The beers are great, some are a little too hoppy for me, but most people like that kind of thing. The pizzas are also great. Most of the entrees I have had could have been better. I would stick to beer and pizza or pierogies here.
3	Church Brew Works has an interesting ambiance in the setting of an old converted Church.  The beers are quite good - the Celestial Gold is their classic.  Food is slightly overpriced for what it is, but I suppose the cost is in the overhead of such a surreal environment.  It's a good place for happy hour, but doesn't quite meet the mark to be a true dining destination in its own right.
3	Inconsistant. I've been a few times and have had some great meals and some really poor meals served cold. The pierogies are pretty good though a bit expensive for what you get, the sandwiches are good and good portions, the entrees are all a bit higher priced for what you get.One thing that's been great every time I have gone has been the beers, decent selection of great craft beers.
3	The location of the Church Brew Works is amazing but it's very loud.  The beers are great but the food is kinda meh.  If I go back, I would go only for beers and appetizers.
5	Personally, I love the Church Brew Works Happy Hour!  Half price appetizers with the exception of a few items and great brew prices. Their small beers are 12 oz, regular 16 oz, happy hour beers are 14 oz.  So normally a thunder hop IPA that goes for $4.21-12oz or $5.61-16 oz is only $3.74-14oz.  They have pizza by the slice for around $1.50.  I also have had dinner there numerous times; it's all very good.  Great restaurant, really cool place.
4	Best mussel sauce ever! Dunkel beer, garlic, butter and mustard! Pretty great! No pic! Was hungry!
4	Awesome pizza.  The beer is more bitter and if that's how you like it this is great.  I'm more a blue moon type so not really my taste.  Otherwise it was interesting to see a church turn into a brewery.  Have to check it out.
2	I gave Church Brew Works a star for the novelty of having a brewery in a church and a star for their pizzas. Besides that I haven't been too impressed with their food and beer.It's a cool place to take someone whos from out of town, but don't go expecting a culinary experience.
3	The concept is cool. A Brewery in a church. the architecture and environment are definitely there, but it is lacking on really the two defining factors of a brew pub -- the food and the beer. The beer is fine but nothing to write home about. The food is not great and service is slow. Overall it is worth a visit to experience it, but I dont think it is a place I will be frequenting often.
5	This Place is awesome! They have Great beer and amazing food!  A must go to place in Pittsburgh!
3	The ambiance is perfect... The concept is amazing... However the downside is the not-so-spectacular fusion of flavors in the food. I ordered the buffalo meatloaf which tasted bland and the side vegetables tasted weird and overcooked. The wild boar pizza had no extra kick and isn't extraordinary. The sandwhiches such as yinkasa cheese stake was surprisingly excellent. All in all we had fun dining in this place but perhaps attention to more diligent food flavors is called for.
5	Church Brew Works is an amazing brewery situated in a former church that has great pizza, great food, and  great beer.
4	Atmosphere is crazy awesome..Feels like a church when u walk in... Beer is good nothing crazy.. Service is up and down ... But still don't miss this place
4	Great food, wonderful beer in the best room in the city....not to be missed.Make it a point to get the bread pudding for dessert...and get it with the cinnamon ice cream, you'll thank me.
3	I always want to love it here.  While CBW had *ahem* an excellent brewer for a period of time, I regularly stopped for a beer or lunch while walking to the Strip for summer grocery shopping.That said, the food is great, the ambiance is great, and the beer is back to mediocre-at-best again.  It still is a fun place to take out-of-towners for dinner, but take them somewhere else for beer.
3	I am a fan, of the architecture and ambience of this building, and the stone oven pizzas.I'm not a fan of their average beer, food prices, mediocre service. It's a great place to bring in out-of-towners. To me it's a seen it, liked it, move on.
4	I am a fan of this place, though it's not for the regular menu so much as the "bar" menu that they have.     I would say that their steak sandwich made with Kobe beef is one of the better (though not best) steak sandwiches I have had.    It is amplified even more when combined with one of their beers (more on that later).     The second item I am a big fan of is the pulled pork sandwich, the sauce on this sandwich is house made using their Pios Monk Dunkel.   I just had this when I was here last week for the first time and I will definitely be back.  Alright....so really the thing that puts this place up on the list....beer....in a converted Catholic Church.   I know it's a gimmick....but it works...and the beer is great, I have historically been a fan of their seasonal stouts, or if you are looking for a consistent beer always on the menu check out the Dunkel.
4	Very impressive menu. The gluten-free menu was actually enticing. The pumpkin risotto fritters was an amazing starter. The house-made chicken sausage patties were flavorful, and a perfect texture, and served with sweet potatoes and apples.  Husband greatly enjoyed the buffalo meatloaf. Beware however: although the house-made fries start out gluten free, THEY ARE NOT COOKED IN A DEDICATED FRYER. Depending on your sensitivity level, this could cause a reaction. Home made vanilla ice cream, with home made caramel sauce was a great end to the meal. Oh, yeah.........DH loved the beer flight, too.
4	Good pizza! Awesome building!  So-So beer.There are better microbrews by a long shot in Pittsburgh such as East End and Full Pint.   The Church Brew Works beer is average at best.The pizza is great, the rest of the food is going to be solid as well.Of course you go here for the fantastic building, and that part does not disappoint.This is not going to be your regular haunt, but it's a great place to take an out of town visitor.
5	The best Lawrenceville has to offer!  Great pizza, fantastic alligator ravioli, eclectic menu each time we go.  The beer is awesome and the atmosphere, while somewhat irreverant in feeling (it still looks like a church) is very interesting and provides a lot of conversation.  The workers I've encountered have been very professional and pleasant.  Definitely a pure Pittsburgh experience!
5	Whether it's a seasonal brew or my go to Celestial Gold, I always have a good beer.The pizza is always phenomenal, I usually get the pesto pizza, but I've had numerous and they are all great!To top it all off, the setting is just plain old awesome.
3	Ate there a couple weeks ago- it was pretty fun for a large group. Cool atmosphere, lovely stained glass. Food was pretty good- just had a salad and the hummus appetizer. Everyone (8 people) liked his/her food. Brews were pretty good. I would've given a four star,  but it was pretty hot in there and did have a slightly skunky smell. Not just from the brewing- more like beer spilled on floor and mopped up with dirty water. Not really bad, but a subtle scent that you'll catch every now and then. I guess if you drink enough brews, then you probably won't care :)Next time I would probably sit outside.
5	Love the church brew works.....food is differnt and unique...went there with a group of freinds a few weeks ago - fantastic.....trufully not a beer drinker  - but my husband said the beer is amazing ...love this place
5	The guy who hosted us knew about all the great places in Pittsburgh.  He took us here for lunch, and I could not have been happier!  The food was AMAZING!  I did not have any beer, so I can't comment on that.  The building is just beautiful.  Service was not anything to brag about, but everything else made up for it.  I had the potato pierogies with alfredo sauce - perfect choice, like big ravioli.  :)  I hope I'm able to find some place that serves perogies here in Columbus, Georgia.  I would really love to visit Pittsburgh again one day. Highly recommended.
5	What an awesome setting-this used to be an old catholic church that got turned into a restaurant/pub. What an awesome and unique place. Anyway- My compadres weren't so impressed with the beer they ordered. I was! I go the Thunderhop IPA and it was very good and I'd recommend for anyone who likes a good IPA. We ordered a couple apps which were pretty good-spinach dip/chips and perogis. My friend and I then split the wild boar pizza. It was honestly one of the best pizza's I've ever had. All around awesome experience!
4	Solely based on the quality of the food and service, I would have given CBW 3 stars; however, it's CBW and a Pittsburgh mainstay (and a great way to introduce family and friends to the city). While at times it's tough to hear your dinner mates because every word bounces and reverberates off of the insides of the church, you tend to forget this while you enjoy the general splendor of it all. I have at times had significant trouble with the service, however the food is pretty good and the beer is better than average- I give the place props for plopping a brewery right in the middle of the church. We call that sticking it to the Man. And I will continue to provide my support.
3	As an out-of-towner the Brew Works had been recommended by several others as a place to check out while in Pittsburgh. I really like visiting breweries, and I love food and old buildings, so what's not to like? We stopped in just for a beer, as we had eaten earlier and didn't have a lot of time. The venue is breathtaking; it's worth it to come here just to enjoy the space and the stain glass windows. Definite plus that this old church was saved from demolition. I didn't order any food, but based on those around me it appeared that the prices might be a little high for what they offered. I had a stout, which was pretty good, and my partner had the doppelbock, which we agreed was just okay. There were no prices for the drinks on the menu (which drives me crazy) and the chalkboard menus behind the bar were too high to fully read. I think if we could have seen the IBUs on the menu for the doppelbock then it wouldn't have been our first choice, since we are not hopheads. They don't have many of their beers available in bottles or cans, so we settled on their Celestial Gold as a gift/souvenier for my parents. I'm definitely glad that I visited this place, and I think that it's worth the time if you're in the area. Now that I've seen it though, I don't have a huge desire to return. I think it would be neat if they played up the church atmosphere- some old choral music playing over the speakers instead of classic rock, but maybe that's just me. I will say this; it's great to see those brewing tanks up on the alter where they belong!
5	THIS PLACE IS AMAZING! My kind of church. The food, the beer, the physical plant. I can truly say it was a religious experience. Repeat after me. Pumpkin Chorizo Fritters. OMG. Manna from Heaven. The beer is solid. A nice variety of styles. Pizza is top notch. I especially like the alter as brew-works. An old RC church, with the original stained glass windows and original pews as the booth seating.
1	oh my what  a terrible place. went wednesday night and was treated to the most god awful service imaginable by the cheesiest bartender. tossing a coaster to patrons and announcing "prepare to be next." alright, maybe add "prepare to wait a while because i'm going to ignore you for ten minutes to take your drink order, then another 10 to get your beer, and a server is finally going to take pity on you and take your food order. the beer is just dreadful--again, the thunderhop, OK, but still not great. and the pizza needed more time in the oven, but even that took an hour! NOT RECOMMENDED.
4	This place is awesome! Definitely a place to take out of town visitors due to the "wow" factor it has when you walk in the door. Love the stained glass windows, the beer garten quality it has to it. Just a unique place overall. Their waitstaff was attentive although a little clumsy when pouring water, but whatever. The only thing I really cared about is that they didin't spill my drink. I ended  up ordering their beer flight which will definitely leave you toasty. For my entree I ordered the Heirloom Tomato salad with I big honkin' piece of salmon, which was perfectly cooked. Their dressing was just perfect with this combination. My husband ordered their cheese pizza which was absolutely huge, so be prepared for left overs. Oh and for appetizers we had their peroguies which were pretty solid. I'll definetely be back!!
4	Love their food, love their beer and the setting is worth it.  Get their appetizers and a few beers with friends, always worth it.  They are a little more pricey with their food, but we're not talking about just regular old bar food.
2	Food is just as good as it was a few years back, but service is just terrible. If you want slow service this is the place to go. Used to be a regular here but no more!
5	Amazing food! Been here twice, and each time the eats and service were fantastic. The homemade chips are a tad greasy, but taste amazing! Follow that up with a nice entree (my favorite so far is the paella, though I enjoyed the jambalaya as well), and you'll have a great evening! CBW has some great desserts as well; the tiramisu in particular is to die for.
3	Although it's been awhile since I've been here, I've visited a few times on various occasions in the past.  Needless to say, the atmosphere is definitely the most unique aspect of this place.  As others have mentioned, the place is a decommissioned Catholic church.  The seats are pews, and the brewing apparatus is located where the altar used to be.  For this reason alone, it's probably the most unique place in PGH to grab a drink.Having said that, I've generally been underwhelmed by the quality of the food here.  Although I can't recall details because it's been awhile, it just hasn't wowed me, whereas I would expect it to be gastropub-quality, given the atmosphere and the price point.  Fortunately, every time I've gone, someone else has picked up the tab.  As for the drinks, you're pretty limited if you're not a beer drinker, like me.  They do have a few wines to choose from, but again, I haven't been blown away by any of them. At a microbrewery such as this, I understand that beer is the star of the show, and I expect to be limited in my drinking options, but I would at least hope that the munchies would be good.  Given the popularity of this place with out-of-towners due to its novelty, I'm sure I'll be back at some point, but otherwise, I wouldn't go out of my way to come here, based on my experience.
5	Awesome decor, a must try for fans of Belgian beer and great food to go with it.I bought a bottle of a Belgian quadruple cherry and washed down a very balanced shrimp and grits. Their pumpkin and chorizo risotto fritters and beer cheese soup were awesome. My girlfriend had a salmon burger with fried Brussels sprouts and sundried tomatoes - really really tasty and balanced.Liked it so much, we grabbed lunch the next day on our way out of town. If I lived here, I'd be back every week. These folks have it all down from decor to beer to food.
4	Menu has a good variety, appealing to many individuals.  Always curious what the Non Traditional Perogies are each time we are there.  Fun atmosphere; however, the meal/food service can be slow @ times.
3	The beer is excellent.  More varieties than most small breweries and served at the exact right temperature.  I liked it so much I spent $20 bucks extra on two six packs to share with friends when my business trip ends.The food is good, with some exotic ingredients that seem to try to justify $22 for pasta.  A little expensive even for a self-proclaimed food snob.I don't like to write negative reviews because too many on Yelp expect to be overly pampered, but the Church Brew Works earned it.  Read on.Be careful with the menus.  We received a dinner menu with $20+ entrees.  After seeing a wood-fired pizza oven in the corner, but no pizza on the menu, our waitress found another menu with food at less expensive prices (in the teens).  This menu included many creative varieties of pizzas on it, plus other interesting dishes not mentioned.  The moral is out-of-owners should ask for the BAR MENU  This isn't the Lunch Menu, Dinner Menu, or the Beer Menu.  Yes, they have four menus.
4	Great staff, nice selection of beer and great food! They also stock wine & liquor. Very cool atmosphere. An old church built in 1906, how can you go wrong? Seven of us were seated in no time without a reservation. They have a small store with shirts & Church stuff and they also sell mini-kegs & growlers to-go. I would definitely stop back on my next visit.
2	Just nothing that exciting. I'm not a beer person so this is mainly food related.
4	One of the neatest places I've ever been!  It's amazing how they transformed a church into a brewery/restaurant and still were able to keep the decor.  It is awesome in there.  Great food and the beer is awesome!  Good parking.  Good service!  Definitely a great place to eat in Pittsburgh!
4	I will preface this review with the fact that Church Brew Works is where my boyfriend of 2 years and I had our first date so it will always hold a special significance for me, however, we have been back many times since and have enjoyed some delicious food and brews. I have enjoyed the mussels steamed with their pale ale-so good! My favorite item on their menu is the wild boar BBQ pizza (slow roasted pulled wild boar, Pious Monk Dunkel bbq sauce, red onion, corn, mozzarella and provolone cheese). I was skeptical at first having never had boar but this might be the best pizza I have eaten from a "non-pizza centered" restaurant. My favorite beer is the Hefeweizen. My second is the Pale Ale. My boyfriend's father actually went to church in this building as a child (yes it used to be a church for those of you that don't already know about the history of the building) so it is especially cool for us to come here and have that connection. Even if you don't want to eat, the buidling is so unique inside you should at least stop in for a brew or two and check out this old church!
3	Beer are good and the atmosphere is excellent, a must see as it's in an old church converted into restaurant & brewery. I was not impressed with the food. The French onion soup was too salty, although the fries were pretty good.
4	Heard about this place.  Punched it in on my Nuvi.  Cool lay out.   I love the way yet converted this church into a brew fest.  Great atmosphere but our waiter was absolutely no help picking a beer.  There goes his tip.....fun to visit.  Food was good but am little pricy.  Nice to visit.  I give it this place B+  cause of the waiter.  Must see place in Pitt.
5	This place was great!  Came here for lunch with a few people I work with.  I was immediately impressed with the place, the atmosphere was great.All of the foods that our server talked about sounded great.  My co-workers ordered the pulled pork sandwich, the bison burger, and the pierogies, which were all met with rave reviews.  I hadn't been feeling all that great, so I wanted something a bit lighter and ordered the roasted beet and goat cheese salad, which was also fantastic.I wish I could have ordered some of the beer, but I had to go to work a few hours after eating the lunch, and therefore was unable.  Next time I'm in PIT, that's exactly what I'll do though.
4	I took some out of town friends to Church Brew Works for dinner.  I would have given 5 stars, but we really wanted to order pizza but were informed that there was over an hour wait for pizza. So, I went with the Tuscan Cheesteak with fries instead.  It was pretty delicious.  I didn't know what beer to get, so I ordered the beer flight.  Definitely worth a try.  My out of town guests LOVED the place and raved about it for days afterward. Overall, I thought it was a great place.
4	The beer was decent, but the ambience was AWESOME! They turned a Historical Catholic Church into a brewery! It was super cool because it felt like you could be in mass one minute and drinking a beer the next. Must see!!!
2	loud, mediocre food
5	This place is great. It is cool how they turned a church into a brew pub. The pom frites are awesome and the pizza is good.
5	You really can't do better than Church Brews.  Great food and beer with an atmosphere that is second to none.
3	As most people say, the decor is great. The beers are also very good, and don't forget to check for special brews. Unfortunately, the food is quite a step below the quality of the beer and the (amazing) surroundings. It's not that it's bad, just lackluster. Other folks have praised their fries, but I'm guessing they haven't been to Eleven, where the fries are amazing: actually hot, crisp and delicious - and I think they are cheaper too!So, come, snap some photos, drink some beer then eat elsewhere.
5	Very cool idea repurposing the church building into a brewery. Went with a group of 5 and everyone liked their drink. Had the beer sample flight, which was fun. It allows you to try their more popular beers before deciding on one to commit to. People in my group liked it. I'm not a beer fan, so I had a mango sangria, which was tasty. They do have a good number of non-beer choices for those who aren't beer fans. We also got two pizzas that were pretty scrumptious. The good food/drink and the unique atmosphere make it somewhere worth checking out. I'm pretty sure this will be one of the places that I will be bringing friends visiting me in Pittsburgh.
4	This is such an awesome place to eat. It is in an old Roman Catholic church. The atmosphere is great, and the food is just as good! I ordered the brick oven pizza, and it was delicious. The beer is pretty good as well. On all the glasses, it says, "And on the eighth day, man created beer." I love it!
4	Cool atmosphere and decent local craft beer. I had the Cherry Wheat and the ThunderHop IPA which was my favorite out of the two. I hear there pizza is good, but I was traveling solo for business and was not up to the challenge of eating the entire 14" pizza. One down side, there wifi connection was weak and went out several times over the two hours I was there.
1	Came here for beer and to taste the wood fired pizza. We were impressed seeing the wood stacks and what appeared to be a chef/cook picking fresh herbs, but then...... We asked for samples of beer which your only allowed (2) mmmmmmmmm they have (9) beers on draft but you can only sample (2) we tried a couple and not too impressed with any but settled in the pale ale and then ordered their take on a margherita pizza, it looked like a traditional oven cooked fast food pizza, but it actually tasted worse, so disappointed, looking over the menu it appeared this place has something amazing to offer but they did not. The dough was like eating cardboard, just awful, like frozen pizza that was burnt on your home broiler and then a week old!! This place has ambiance and everything in place to be amazing but someone needs to take control and make that happen. Ordered the Gouda Grits after sending the pizza back. They were chunky and some under cooked areas and made me think they were reheated. Not creamy at all. Flavor was ok tho. My friends ordered a pepperoni pizza. It was drowning in grease. Pic attached.
2	It's not worth the wait. I don't know why people always say to go here. The food isn't very good (although I've heard the pizzas are decent and I haven't had one). Last time I was there it was later in the evening and there was a mouse running around our section. I think mice are cute, but not in a restaurant. There are better options out there.
4	After we heard there was a bar in a church, we had to check things out. We ordered a beer flight, 2 orders of pierogies, and French onion soup, based on other yelp recommendations.  Everything was delicious! The service was just okay. Our waitress didn't realized we were sitting in her section so we had to wait to order and she was generally slow throughout service. But this place is definitely worth checking out for the atmosphere as long as you don't think about the fact that you are drinking alcohol in a church, which is pretty sac relig.
2	Quick update. To be frank, this happened a little while ago. I was just so stunned I couldn't even write it up immediately.A manager contacted us after we posted our Yelp review and offered us a gift certificate to entice us to give them a second chance (see my previous review for the whole story of how bad the experience was). Nice move! Restaurants should take note that this is the correct practice for "service recovery". Unfortunately, they botched their second chance.The manager recognized us, even though we didn't mention we were there for service recovery. He apologized about our prior bad experience and thanked us for giving them another try. We did not see him again after that.While we were in the middle of eating our appetizers, our server brought out the entrees again, saying "I didn't want them to get cold"! That's the exact same thing that was the problem last time! Are you telling me that you know that we're in there explicitly to give you a second chance because of poor service on our prior visit, at your insistence, and then you go ahead and do the exact same thing that we complained about in the first place? That is the one thing they should have had figured out this time. Also, it's not like we're particularly slow eaters or anything.They don't seem to understand: the food is going to die on the table just the same as it will die on the pass. The point of coursing a meal is so that we get the entrees at the right temperature when we're ready to eat them. If you don't want the entrees to die, don't fire them so soon. This is basic food service stuff, folks.It's one thing to botch the coursing once. It's absolutely astonishing that they would do it again after explicitly asking us to give them a second chance for that exact problem. Wow.
5	Absolutely amazingly beautiful use of an old church. Beer is delicious and varied. My dinner was off-the-hook yummy. Great wait staff, great service! I love Pittsburgh and I'm glad this restaurant and brewery is here!
4	10 stars on atmosphere!  Sometimes the food can be a little off, seemingly more so at lunch time, but generally this is an excellent place to go.  Wonderful for those new to Pittsburgh, or to those entertaining those new to Pittsburgh.  This place is wheelchair accessible (husband uses a power chair), including the outside patio, although I'm not sure that the men's room is (haven't been in there and the ladies room is up some stairs I believe).It really seems like the beer has gotten a lot better over the years too!
3	I came here with my lovely trainer who was super excited to be bringing me to a church turned brewery restaurant. And frankly, so was I! Apparently, they no longer allow churches to be sold with their interior decor so this place is truly one of a kind!First off, this place is huge so you don't have to shy away from bringing large groups. They have a small lot behind the church so do consider carpooling. You are literally walking into a church and then walk into a large brewery instead. It is really fun! There is an earthy smell to the place that I liked (kinda like beets!) You can also see some of the cook stations like the pizza and oven dishes right up by the altar!I tried their celestial gold beer and I highly recommend it for those who enjoy lighter beers.Now to the food. I am not a German food eater and I was new to the cuisine sans dessert so be warned. I have been told German food is an acquired taste and can go wrong if you are not familiar with it. We started off with the perogies and I loved them! So soft and tasty. When we asked for an entree recommendation from our waitress, she said the buffalo pasta was one of her favorites. Loving the safety of chicken and pasta and buffalo sauce, I ordered it. The description said buffalo cream sauce with crumbled (blue/feta?) cheese on top. I am a sucker for creamy sauces. Well, I could not get through 4 bites of anything more than the pasta in this dish and I was trying really hard. The cream sauce appeared to be plain buffalo sauce that was congregating at the bottom of the paste discussing their very liquid form. The waitress was kind enough to exchange it for an appetizer of potato cakes and dessert. Potato cakes needed some seasoning. Their frozen peanut butter cake was perfect though.Granted, I stayed away from their traditional plates. However, my trainer had the braised pork chop with sauerkraut and that wasn't appetizing either. The customer service experience here was great. Our waitress was attentive and we never had to waive her down for requests (this was before and after returning my dish by the way). The hostess was also super friendly and nice. The manager also came over to apologize. I really hate when I catch a managers attention since I am not at the restaurant to make a scene so it was nice for him to come by but definitely not necessary so kudos to their crew for that.If you come here, expect great beer and a good time.
1	First timer at The Church Brew Works, and I was disappointed to say the least.To begin, the building is stunning! Absolutely beautiful! But for some reason, they felt the need to hang tacky, poorly designed flags everywhere which so cheapened the ambiance.We ordered 3 different types of beer: the Octoberfest, the Oatmeal Stout, and the Brett Ambrosia. The beer menu is confusing and not helpful. The seasonal beers were not described at all, and some of the normal beers had "if available" after them. - note that I got the Octoberfest after being told their trippel was not on tap, and my dad chose the oatmeal stout after being told that they were out of the seasonal coconut bourbon stout. You are a brewery, & this is not okay in my book.The beer was not terrible, but not fantastic. Nothing I would ever order again. The stout was not complex or full bodied at all. The Octoberfest was also fairly bland and forgettable, in my opinion. I'm not a fan of bretts, but you might like it if you are.The service was terrible. The waitress seemed clueless and awkward. She answered with an "I don't know," more than once with no offer to try to answer questions, had no idea items were unavailable until after we had ordered them, and was incredibly unprofessional. If she was new, I could've looked past this, but she made no mention of being a new hire.Finalllyyy... The menus and food. The menus are awful. Very poorly designed and so confusing. The pages are falling out and the books are tattered. As far as I'm concerned, if you're charging $20+ for entrees like pasta, this is unacceptable. The choices on the menu had no rhyme or reason. Half were Italian and half were German, with a sprinkle of whatever else. The food was mediocre. We only got a few small things because it didn't seem worth the money, and the service had us wanting to run out the door. The spinach smoked Gouda dip was okay, but nothing incredibly memorable. The German potato salad was decent, and the soup was alright. Prices were way too high, in my opinion, for what they were serving, especially when they seemed to not be able to get much else right.Overall, I was sad when leaving. This is such an incredible location with an amazing ambiance, but they killed it for me. Bad service, mediocre beer, and overpriced food made me not care if I ever came back. Wasted potential.
3	First visit to the Church Brew Works and can safely say it left a lot to be desired.  Had the Oktoberfest and the IPA and the schnitzel for dinner.  The beers were average, as was the main course.  The ambiance is phenomenal though.
3	Ambience gets a star. The selection of food/drink gets a star. Appearance gets 1 1/2 star. Service gets half a star. prices - you lost a star. helpfulness? nope. especially if its packed. this place has lost its luster.
5	The most religious experience I've had in a church in a long while.  My first pierogis -- excellent.  The IPA was great.  Loved the food.  This place is not to be missed!
3	Beer is just ok as is the food, but the atmosphere is cool (which is the reason I go). I recently moved to Pittsburgh so my out of town friends who are visiting for the first time always want to go to Church Brew Works because it's so unique. I'll continue to bring people, but warn them that we're going for the cool pictures and tongue-in-cheek humor, not the cuisine.
5	Pierogi pizza. Need I say more? I love the overall "comfort food" feel of this place. The grandeur of the venue paired with just an incredibly filling menu will leave you feeling very, very full. Perfect for a large group, but try to make reservations, since it fills up on weekends. Beer flights allow you to try the different brews. And be sure to snap some photos on the BEER ALTER! No really, their stainless steel tanks of beer on the alter.Truly a Pittsburgh institution, and a must for out-of-towners.
3	Hungry for a late-night bite to eat after visiting friends and their brand new baby, we headed to Church Brew Works.I'm a little obsessed with old historic buildings repurposed for new causes.  While it probably started with the old firehouse converted into mansion circa The Real World: Boston, I've always liked the idea of living or working in a historic place.  Church Brew Works, as its name implies, is a brewpub in an old church.  You're definitely struck by the unique setting when you walk in.While the beer is great, they're also noted for good food.  We were starving, so we started with the Bison Corn Dogs, served with honey mustard, pickled veggies, and a chipotle ketchup.  They felt like saltier, meatier versions of state fair corn dogs, and I liked the subtle kick from the ketchup.My absolute favorite part of the visit was the brick-oven pizza.  We chose the Garden Plum Tomato Pizza, which had garden plum tomato sauce, basil, garlic, olive oil, and some really fresh mozzarella.  The whole pizza tasted super fresh, and the ratio of cheese and sauce was spot on.  My favorite part was the crust.  They are used some beautiful dough here, because it was pretty much my ideal consistency for pizza... chewy, with a fluffy crust!
2	I get it, they have a really cool concept and it's a great tourist-y spot, but I have never really enjoyed a meal there. The inside of the church is beautiful but the ambience feels weird to me. They don't play music (at least not while I've been there) and it really throws me off because I feel like I can hear everyone and everyone can hear me because of the acoustics of the building. Also, I just think some background music is crucial while you're out to eat--it sets the mood! The service here is decent but it almost feels like a chain restaurant rather than a funky, local brewery. Last time I was there my server didn't know much about the beers, which I thought was weird. They do have good pizzas and the beer selection is good but I think everything is over-priced (probably due to the tourist-y factor.) I've taken people from out of town there twice, hoping to show them a good time at a fun local spot but was disappointed each time and wished I had gone somewhere else. It's not awful, but definitely doesn't live up to the hype in my opinion.
5	Love their beer!
2	Most overrated place in Pittsburgh, in my opinion. Their beer is nothing special. Neither is their food. And their service is routinely awful. If you're looking for a cool, unique Pittsburgh experience, I'd recommend Fat Heads or Hough's over this ANY day.
1	Visited this restaurant while in Pittsburgh for the day. Aside from the novelty of a brewery being in a church, the experience was not good. The service was incredibly slow and inattentive. I ordered a $20 "speciality" pizza (chicken & sun-dried tomatoes) and was extremely disappointed. It had no flavor. There was no sauce of any kind, the chicken wasn't seasoned, and the so-called sun dried tomatoes were dry and flavorless. After delivering the meals, the server never checked back. Our drinks were refilled as he handed out the checks. The only positive thing I have to say is the bread and garlic herb butter were tasty. Would never go back and quite frankly, wish I hadn't have gone in the first place.
5	Love love love this place! It's the go-to when my roommate and I have out-of-town guests or whenever we want non-Mexican food and alcohol for dinner on a Sunday night. (A surprisingly hard to find combination in Pittsburgh) The wait staff is always friendly and professional...they've let every group I've come with sample multiple beers and were very accommodating about special dietary needs or explaining the menu in greater depth. It's a good place to go with friends, as the pizzas are large enough to split and it's fun to get several of the delicious appetizers to share.
4	Church Brew Works provides a traditional beer hall atmosphere in a transformed church.  For a local craft brewery, Church Brew Works does offer some very tasty options on draft and what I would consider to be the best beer flight in Pittsburgh - in terms of tasting experience.  From a brewery standpoint, Church Brew Works certainly does not disappoint. From a food perspective, the brewery provides the standard pub options that would be expected.  There aren't many stand out options on the menu, but it is certainly not difficult to find something to hold over ones appetite between pints of the enjoyable craft beer.  The food selection leaves more to be desired, however, the food taste is pairs nicely with the beers on tap. This is certainly a location where the drink rules supreme and the food merely follows.  A great location for an evening out with friends or for private events.
3	Church Brew Works is one of those places you go to just to say 'Hey I went to this brewery which is inside of a church!' Granted I didn't eat here, but it seems like traditional sort of fair. Me and the other half came to grab a beer and a martini. Good prices, nothing flashy. It was fun to take a look of the remnants of the past, but I don't think it would be a place I would come time and time again. It was a fun stop, and I recommend just to grab a drink and take a look in
4	Great place to take out of town friends. Excellent happy hour specials & delicious pizzas. There was a period where service was a bit lacking (waiting over a hour for food) but things seem back to normal now. I've been coming here for over 10 years & overall the service is great and you can't beat the ambiance.
4	What a cool place! We were totally taken in by the gimmick of the brewery in a church. It's a gorgeous place and much more relaxing to visit for beer instead of prayer. We split a tasting flight and the beer was quite good. We also had a hummus plate which was not great, but hey, you win some you lose some. Overall, pretty sure God is smiling down on this place.
3	I think the environment is so creative and fun. The entire restaurant is made of wooden throne-like chairs and pews, and the altar has been turned into a mechanical brewery!I've only been there a few times to take my visiting friends there and it's a fun experience for them. I'm not sure about my friends, but honestly, I can't say that I've ever had an amazing meal there. It's not terrible by any means, but I never leave thinking, "I have to come back, like tomorrow." However, the beer selection is it's highest point for sure. I have always been extremely satisfied with the different brews I try every time.The service is good, and the employees have always been knowledgeable of their menu and beer selection, and have always been very speedy with their service. There is a somewhat limited parking lot behind the building. I've never had trouble getting a spot but on it's busiest nights it might be a hassle?Overall, you must go at least once! But I probably won't be convincing myself to go anytime soon.
3	I couldn't try their beer when we went, so this is more of a review on their food and location.  It's different.  We were visiting and friend brought us here.  The food wasn't anything special (we had sandwiches) but the location was interesting.  Worth a visit. Seating was quick.
3	I've been to this pace a few times the food isnt bad, but I've never had anything so good that I would order it again.  I got the pork porterhouse dinner, the pork was over cooked not to tender, it came with two patotoe pancakes they were really good.  I did have  the white mango sangria to drink. So good I had two!  This place is really cool inside, because its in an old church, lots of people take pictures when they walk in. They get really busy here if you dont come earlier for dinner on weekend dont be surprised to have an hour wait!
4	Hello Pittsburgh! The Catholic school girl in me has never been happier than at Church Brew Works. Seriously?! An old church turned brewery...ok, I'm in! Real talk, this place is bad. ass. From the outside I got nervous..."oh no, have I led my friends astray? Are we about to walk into mass? All this walking to explore a church" alas, my fears were assuaged when my party walked into this little slice of heaven and everyone was ohhing and ahhing at its pure beauty. I mean literally, the altar is full of brewing beer! Check out my photos, the floor is still the original and the benches remain as seating options. Onto the food: hella good. We got the bbq pizza and oh mylanta. Hell yes. So good! And I don't even like bbq pizza!! It came out hot and delicious straight from the oven and it was everything you could ever want out of 'za.The beer. Unfortunately this is the only reason for that last little star remaining blank...it was ok. Wasn't hop out of my seat and start cheering. BUT the names are all relics of the church life which was pretty sweet.I'll be back next time I visit for certain!
5	Great prices, if you come early you're seated quickly. Good service. Awesome beer samplers. Perogies are yummy but the best was 7 onion soup, even the bread and butter. Live polka music right now!
5	Incredible venue for taking our guests visiting from out of town -- church turned brewery/restaurant.Parking lot in back and on-street parking available.  Nice selection of brews plus other libations if you, as I, are not into beer.  Menu is very unique -- ostrich/boar/pizza/chili/pierogies  among the offerings.  I selected the pierogies with tomatoes and broccoli.  Definitely satisfied my taste buds.  Bass and accordion players played and sang "Happy Birthday" to several patrons, while toasting their beers, as well.It's a lively place that definitely still has the looks of a church with organ, stained glass windows, and pews abounding.Bottom line -- it's fun and tasty.P.S.  As of this post, scan QR code from table sign, sign up for email and get free glass. Sweet!
4	I really enjoyed the atmosphere at Church Brew Works. The collapse of the steel industry in Pittsburgh left quite a few parishes without a congregation and led to the creation of this very unique brewery. How often do you get do drink beer in a church? The fermentation tanks are literally at the alter. Something about the combination feels so wrong that it is right.Apart from the atmosphere, the beer here is great stuff. Grab a sampler to try them all, each had its merit. It's looks like you can grab growlers and mini kegs as well. Certainly worth checking out.
2	This is somewhere you go once.It's awesome that they've turned a church into a brewery. Throwing the kettles onto the altar: perfect. The beer itself is pretty decent; I'm a fan of the Pious Monk Dunkel especially.The food is good, but not stellar. The biggest problem is that the menu that they had the last time I went (last month) is *the exact same menu they had when they opened.* Everything on there is good, but nothing on there will blow you away--and after you've been there a couple times and it's the same menu over and over again, you realize that this business is trading on the novelty factor, not making any effort to actually be a real restaurant. Very disappointing.
2	I saw Church Brew Works on some sort of Buzzfeed-type list which coincided nicely with a visit to Pittsburgh happening a week later, and so I decided to give it a shot.  I figured the chances of me catching fire in a deconsecrated church were much lower than in a regular church, and there was beer. Check and check.Overall?  Novel, but overrated.  Everything from the exterior of the building and the faux-billboard sign to the bar and brewing equipment in altar/sanctuary area inside the church is a bit of a head trip to see and experience, but once you get past the novelty of it all, the food and beer itself is pretty average.  A colleague I was visiting in Pittsburgh put it best by saying 'it's a place you only visit once, usually with friends from out of town'.  A group of colleagues and I visited Church Brew Works on a Wednesday at 7pm, and the beer wasn't the only thing that was hopping here (it was pretty busy).  We were seated immediately (reservation), however it took us about 20+ minutes to get the first round of drinks after we ordered them.  I don't know what took so long - perhaps he had to climb all the way up to the belfry to fetch them? Regardless, instant strike one. They have about 15 beers to choose from - 25% seasonal and 75% fixed) and you can also order sampler flights of up to 8 beers. I sampled 4 or 5, and really didn't find any of them to be very impressive.  The rotating coffee stout I ordered was pretty boring, although I did enjoy the pale ale.  Unfortunately it took me another 20 minutes to get it after ordering.  Seriously, what's the deal with a brew pub not being on top of drink orders?  Strike two.  I will say that despite the delay, our server was very friendly and helpful.  We ordered food, and I got the bison corn dogs (yum!) and the boar jambalaya (meh).  I've never eaten either meat, and I was happy for the opportunity.  The corn dogs were breaded and cooked perfectly, and came with honey mustard and ketchup condiments.  The jambalaya was not very impressive.  Actually, it was boring. It was more of a rice dish than an actual jambalaya, which was disappointing. My friend really liked the pierogies, and all of the desserts were well-received.  I liked the bread pudding that I sampled off of someone else's plate. The server split the check 10 ways for us without asking, so that was a nice plus. I found some of the dishes to be a bit overpriced for what they were, but perhaps you're also paying for the novelty of it all? (and maybe the heating bill for a church in late November).I recommend visiting this place for the novelty, but a place with 'Brew Works' in the name needs to have better beer for me to give it a better review.
3	Beer was good but food was just ok.  Ordered the Gouda dip and paella.  Dip was luke warm and paella was over spiced.
2	Way to create customer loyalty not taking a To Go order at 9:02pm when your kitchen closed at 9:00. Well done!I love your food and I live in the neighborhood but will most likely start ordering take out from other places instead of CBW like I have been every other week for the past 6 months.
4	This place is pretty awesome, as it's not every day you get to dine in a church...and that's what makes this place so unique. The atmosphere is just cool and so different from any other place, if you're a first-timer it's hard to pay attention to others at your table. The food actually isn't too shabby, either as the menu is very accommodating for varying palettes and even the gluten free. Plus, they have a more than adequate beer selection along with some good, mixed spirits as well. All in all, come for the atmosphere, bring some friends with you, and take in some good eats...with a few "beverages" to wash it all down in the house of the good Lord above!
3	Took our out of town family here over the Thanksgiving holidays and they enjoyed the atmosphere but the service left something to be desired.  Our waitress seemed a bit flighty/distracted and we thought it was due to the crowd but found out later that we were only one of two tables she had so not sure why she was struggling.  It took a while for beers to be replenished and in one incident she said that they were replacing the tap for the IPA and when we followed-up with her about it when no beer arrived 15 minutes later, she said she would ask but then stopped herself and said that she remembered they ran out...What?!?!  I was thinking to myself at what point where you going to mention that and that's an important detail to remember when there's a table of thirsty individuals waiting for beers.  Needless to say, that's where the night ended.For food, we ordered the "featured" pierogies which had a thousand island dressing with mushroom filling.  It was suprisingly good - I didn't think thousand island dressing on pierogies would be good but it worked.  Also ordered the spinach, feta, gouda dip with the "oven-fired" flatbread but was disappointed as the flatbread was cold and didn't seem "oven-fired" at all.  The dip was "meh" - not that great.  We also ordered the pesto mushroom pizza and four cheese pizza which were very tasty.  More than enough for 5 people to share.
4	This is a pretty cool place!  The food was really good the service was ok.  We got flights but the server didn't know a whole lot about the beers....kinda important at a Brewery!!  She was polite..but you kind of expect a knowledgeable.  We bought a couple pint glasses to take to some friends..........and specifically asked if the one we were purchasing would come without the sponsor logo that was printed on the table glasses...and were assured that we would get glasses with just Church Brew Works logos...but, low and behold our serve grabbed and wrapped up to of the table glasses that has another business logo on them....she was kind to wrap them up..but we then didn't discover the mistake until we were home in Ohio.....we did call the rest. and they went out of their way to ship us two new glasses!!!!  That was VERY nice.   So, our experience was not bad by any means...and with a little more time, I'm sure our server has learned the details and is providing not only friendly service, but now is much more knowledgeable.    We definitely recommend you give it a try.  The Church atmosphere is awesome, fun and a great job at re purposing!!!
4	We've only been to Pittsburgh twice and we've visited this place both times. I mean, a church converted into a brewery?! That's just awesome. I greatly enjoyed sitting a pew and drinking a beer, plus every beer I've tried has been great: the first time I visited I chose a red ale and the second time I tried their winter ale, plus I tried my partner's tripel belgian and our friend's IPA.On our second visit I ordered a zucchini pasta dish, which was spiraled zucchini with mushroom lentil falafel-like balls and tomato sauce, it was pretty good, but way too salty and they should seriously cut back on the amount of salt they use in that dish. If I were reviewing just my dish, I would give 3 stars, but since the concept is so cool and the beer is great, 4 is fair. We also ordered pita and hummus and that was delicious.I'd definitely go back.
4	We've only been to Pittsburgh twice and we've visited this place both times. I mean, a church converted into a brewery?! That's just awesome.I greatly enjoyed sitting in a pew and drinking a beer, plus every beer I've tried has been great: the first time I visited I chose a red ale and the second time I tried their winter ale, plus I tried my partner's tripel belgian and our friend's IPA.On our second visit I ordered a zucchini pasta dish, which was spiraled zucchini with mushroom and lentil falafel-like balls and tomato sauce, it was pretty good, but way too salty and they should seriously cut back on the amount of salt they use in that dish. If I were reviewing just my dish, I would give 3 stars, but since the concept is so cool and the beer is great, 4 is fair. We also ordered pita and hummus and that was delicious.I'd definitely go back, but I wouldn't order the same meal again.
3	3 stars for the food and atmosphere.  Their beer sucks there is really no other way to say it- I just do not like it.  Since they brew their own you may want to try it I recommend the sampler so you can get a small taste of each beer.  Love the atmosphere and great for large parties. An old church turned into a brewery neat concept and great place to take out of town guests.  You can sit in the bar and order off the pub menu or the dining room which has a more upscale dining menu. I always ask for the pub menu as it has the pizzas and sandwiches on it.  Recommend the pizzas which they cook in their brick oven. You can't go wrong with the pierogi pizza and they also offer their homemade pierogis as an appetizer.  The pulled pork and turkey with brie sandwiches I also recommend.
3	I went here for lunch the other day. I had the shrimp etoufee, which was a little pricey for lunch at $13.50. I was hoping it was going to be a decent size portion, but it was on the smaller side. It was pretty good, but it was small and there wasn't much shrimp in it. I had a feeling it was going to be a smaller entree, so I went ahead and ordered a side of fries to get started. I should have asked first, but I didn't, and go figure, the fries are frozen (ie, not hand-cut). Personally, I feel, restaurants at this price range should be serving hand-cut fries standard. They do have Frank's hot sauce though, which is a plus always. I did not have any beer this day, so this review is only for the food. Service was decent, though I did have to ask for water a couple times before I got a refill at one point.
2	Neat concept but lacking in execution.  Wait staff seemed disinterested.  He seemed to want to be anywhere but here.  The food was ok and the beer was towards the low end of what I would expect from a brew pub.  This is definately a place to check out once for the unique concept of a brew pub in a church but is not somewhere I would return for a second visit.
3	Love the beer and unique atmosphere. This really is a one of a kind place that I highly suggest coming to if you like beer. The building is an old church and declared a historic landmark. They brew a variety of beer here, which makes it a fun trip for a beer lover. Typically I think the food is good, however I never had a dish that I would specifically make the trip for. On my most recent visit the service was inconsistent however the waitress was very nice. If it gets pretty busy the noise can carry oddly and make it hard to hear. They have something on the menu for everyone but it can get pretty pricey for some items. I like that food items that have some Pittsburgh flair to them, which really adds to the experience. Also, the bar has seasonal cocktails and offers mixed drinks and wine in addition to their in house brews.
4	The place is excellent. Really well done inside.Untraditional perrogies were very tasty as was the beet root salad.The flight was well worth it and the sign up membership for 2 free glasses was worth it.Would recommend for the experience. Some food like the burgers looked basic though although based on viewing only.
5	This place has a lot of unique food but let me tell you... Best pizza in the burgh. I accidently found this out last night. Little pricey but great historic landmark.
5	The staff here is super friendly.  The beer selection was really good too. The food was amazing! We sampled a little of everything but the onion soup was absolutely ridiculous good.
5	Loved the atmosphere and the beer. Great place to meet up with friends and have some good beer and food!
4	Awesome place to go for a meal. The building is absolutely beautiful. The food was good. I only tried the traditional perogies and a regular pepperoni pizza. The pizza was delicious but I wasn't a big fan of the perogies. They were a little to bland for me.
5	this place.this place is just..  well its just awesome.went there for the first time a couple weeks ago and i'm sorry that i'm just now writing this review, because i can't remember the name of the bartender, but let me tell you about what i DO remember - this guy was incredible.  he honestly made our experience unforgettable and because of him, we will most definitely be going back.  I didnt eat any food, but the 2 people i were with got pizzas, and they seemed to enjoy them.  then of course, there's the beer.  now, i'm not a huge beer drinker, but if i was, this place would be my go to.  sure there are other great places to grab a local (or not-so-local) beer, but how many of them are brewed and served inside of a church?  The inside of this place was incredible.  I loved how they kept the church feel to the building, but then, of course, there's all the beer.  This place is just a really great, different kind of place to go grab a drink and some food, and, if your lucky, arguably the best bartender in PGH.
4	If you're around stop by and have the wood fired pizza! I promise its the best pizza you will ever eat. And not to mention the fantastic atmosphere! It is such a beautiful building with original architecture still in place. Amazing!
