5	The buffet in this hotel is excellent! The settings of this hotel is very nice... You can feel like you are in Paris!
4	Great ambience!  I especially like that they hire someone to deliver fresh-baked bread via bicycle along the cobblestone "streets" --  I want that job!  Yummy pastries at the boulangerie, but there can be a line.
4	Pleasurable stay with decent facilities.  Serene casino vibe with the clouds on the ceiling.  And I know everyone knows "the best" buffet, but Paris' dinner buffet is the best dinner I've had in Vegas...EVER!
3	This casino was old the day it opened. This casino offers none of the aesthetics of paris and the only resemblance it really carries inside is the cheesey cafes and french stores. No one does anything here except walk through or park.
3	It's fun enough. I think since the last time I was here they painted the rooftop to lok like the sky which 4 years ago seemd like only the Venetian looked like that.Looking for that parisian experience I asked for a crepe and imagined walking with it until I saw they served it on a plate and covered it in sauce.  So much for the french fast food! My Latina looking clerk greeted me in french and when I ordered in french she just looked down, they when I apologized in spanish she looked up with a smile and conducted the rest of our conversation in english.  It was my most human moment in the casinos to date.
3	It has a lovely sky-coloured ceiling that sometimes seems to move, and the floors are decked out like cobblestone roads.  It's a pretty casino but I didn't exactly have a religious experience - there are more compelling ones.
2	Like the other nearby casinos, it has the ceiling with the blue sky and the shops/eateries are supposed to resemble a neighborhood in Paris.Ehh, what can I say? Paris is boring. Nothing really special. Just a nice walkthrough casino for air conditioning, so you don't have to walk outside in the blazing heat. Oh and it's also pretty to take pictures of.
4	Their food was alright, but their flan was so, so, so good. Damn, I regret that I didn't just go and grab more bowls of it. It IS a buffet, after all.
3	Valet is not exactly the smoothest process in the world here, but it could be worse.  Overall though, we've always enjoyed our stays here since we've lucked out each time we've checked in early and received a larger corner room in return (definitely ask for it when checking in).  Room service has fairly good burgers, but the fries are what seal the deal.  :)  Of course, the crepes are delish!  It's a good place to stay, but if you have a larger budget...go to the Wynn.  ;)
4	like the aladdin, Paris has a wonderful decor and fun atmosphere. the Eiffel Tower is so amazing at night... but makes makes you want to visit the real one. clubbing there is pretty interesting. they have patios, cool bathrooms, but the dancing area/bar is so crammed and congested... i wanted to leave immediately. it's too small to pack in so many Asian clubbers. lol.
5	Nothing is classier than sipping cheap booze out of a giant plastic balloon with the word "Paris" blaring in hot pink...I really like the ambience here. It's nowhere as awesome as Venetian, but it's still better than most hotels. It has a real nice rustic feel, as if someone, in their unholiness, injected Provence into the sleaziest city in the world.I had a $7 crepe with almond paste in it and it was as delicious as a duck in a vat of fat (in Paris, we say "confit..."). It really was the best crepe I've ever had, and I've had the best that inauthentic crepe places can make. The staff had French accents, and that ain't bad.
4	This place is much better than the phoney looking Venetian. The art designers here really did a top notch job. From the lighting to the perpetual twilight, if you like big themed casinos, this is your place.My only beef is that everything's way too pricey here. 7$ for a drink is pushing it.
2	For the price I paid for the room on the weekend, it was not worth it. The outside looks nice and spiffy but it lacked in the guest rooms. It was fairly standard and I would have rather stayed at Alladin for that price. The buffet for breakfast was sub-standard. The crepe restaurant across from the buffet was even better. The only part I liked about the hotel was the section of the Rue de Paix where it connects to Ballys with the fountains, it was absolutely beautiful. Does not look like the tacky recreation of Paris but modern luxurious. Now only if they made it to look like Versailles. The place is tacky, gaudy, overpriced rooms with standard service. Our room wasn't even made when we came back to it later in the day. A call to housekeeping was answered on the first day but the next day there was no answer at all. I also think the clouded ceiling is way overplayed. Unless it was a cool video changing shifting one =P
5	The La Femme show is perfect.  I was expecting the worst and ended up amazed.  This show is more than just naked ladies--it's very artistic and the dancers are outrageously talented (and perfect).  I felt like a total cow after watching 100 perfectly lithe women traipse around for an hour, but I'm glad that I saw it.
3	I enjoyed the Paris, but I find it to be quite overpriced.  I would easily give it 4 stars if it were less for the cost.  The rooms were pretty standard, but the real star of Paris is the buffett.  The gaming floor is also large and easy to navigate.
4	I was pleased with the Paris experience, although I must admit we used it more as a launching pad than the main hangout.  In that role, Paris might win supreme.  Food?  I had a pain du chocolate from the cafe downstairs.  It was good.  I had a reuben from the St. Louis cafe.  It was acceptable (had to ask for the dressing, corned beef was a little tough), but the fries were great.  No special points for food from me.Room?  I slept in it.  I could shower.  Good enough.The thing I liked about Paris was its walking proximity to places I wanted to go to hang out and do things (Caesars, Aladdin, Harrahs, etc.) and the fact that Paris isn't very popular.  Why is that great?  Because when you're heading back to the hotel at midnight or 1am on a Friday or Saturday night and you want to catch a nightcap or two in the hotel lounge, you can actually get a seat.  In the past when trying something like that at the Bellagio or other popular places, you just can't, the places are packed and you have to stand.  Nothing kills a buzz more than sore feet.Beware the taxi-fetcher guys, though.  Now, I understand it's a full service kind of thing, but I have a hard time tipping a guy that asks me where I'm going and tells that to the cab driver.  If he's loading my bags, fine, but only saying something to a cab driver?  Piss off.   Apparently this Paris taxi-fetcher felt he should say something about the lack of tip because after getting in the cab he held the door and said, "I hope you appreciated the service," and slammed the door.  The more I think about it, the more annoyed it makes me.  This started as a 5-star review, but based on my annoyance typing this out I have to ding it a star for that.
4	I really wanted to give Paris 5 stars, I swear.  But........there were just too many little problems for it to warrant that extra star.it's a beautiful property and in a PRIME location.  There's some fab food on site.  The crepes are orgasmic!  The decor was wonderful, and I had a view of the light show at the Bellagio.Now for the not so nice....1.  There was a strange smell emanating from my bathroom.....maintenance came and dealt with it.  It seems that when you have a hotel this large, sometimes the pipes don't drain well.....This kind of weirded me out, but his magic potion did reduce the smell.  They were so packed, that there was no other equivalent room i could move to that week.2.  I couldn't use my laptop and have a light on at the same time.  I had to call SEVERAL times to get a power cord brought to my room.3.  I tried to print my southwest boarding card and the biz center was totally unhelpful.4.  The pool suck-diddly-ucks for Vegas.  It was round.  There's only one.  If you want some pool time, don't stay here.
4	I had a good time staying there. My room had a big Jacuzzi so I spent sometime with in. The hotel locates on the strip with makes it easy to go anywhere.I also love the buffet here. The electronic roulette was so cool but I prefer the classic one. I love to see the tiny steel ball running around. The room was clean and comfortable, i just slept there so I knew only that I got a good rest. The price may be expensive, but went with my cousin family. They paid for me, isn't that cool!!
4	I have a lot of nice things to say about this place, starting with the painted blue sky with clouds on the ceiling. It lightens it up a bit, so it's not as dark and drab as a lot of casinos seem to be.The restaurants in Paris Las Vegas are generally quite good. The rooms are attractive, clean, and fairly spacious. The monster Eiffel Tower drinks last forever.In general, the vibe here is young and friendly. People are here to have a good time. Definitely one of the better (and yet reasonably-priced) places to stay.
2	No shortage of places to stay here in Vegas, that's for sure.  I stay here once a year because one of the insurance companies I work with pays for it during a conference.  I'm not thrilled.  There is NO place to go for breakfast in here, I mean there is, but not if you want a regular meal.  The layout of the place confuses me even when sober.  Bottom line is, I get tired of the French munbo jumbo...and they aren't a member of the Players club!
5	This is my favorite hotel in Vegas.  Maybe I'm sucker for their theme (which is executed beautifully), but the rooms were amazing, always clean, and the service is wonderful.The Casino floors don't even feel smoky, and the lobby ceilings are beautiful.  From the "street" performers to the little details, Paris is by far my favorite hotel...anywhere.  Make sure you check out the club and the prime rib.  It's amazing.
5	I very much liked their rooms.  They were very comfortable and spacious.  Very soothing tones.
2	We stayed here last year and I was not all that impressed.  I couldn't get past the kitchy decor, the rooms were small and the casino floor was too surreal for me.  Something about the lighting, but remember, I really hate the theme crap, so YMMV.  Btw, if I never see another "cobblestone" street again it'll be too soon.  You ever try to walk in high heels on that shit?  Keerist.  I'm gonna break an ankle.  I didn't check out the shops, so the only redeeming quality was that the slots are looser than most.   They took away my favorite slot though.  Boo.   My friend and I were staying at Bellagio on our more recent trip, but we walked over to Paris for a visit.   After playing for a while, we stopped to have a bite in the wee hours at the 24 hour cafe.  (Le Cafe St. Louis) This turned out to be a real pain the ass.  First of all, the food was mediocre but to add insult to injury... when I asked for bread to go with my soup I was met with an argument that they didn't have any. When I pointed out that my friend was eating a French dip sandwich so how is it that they didn't have any bread...   I was told that it was only used for sandwiches.... then after I said "Dude.  Come on.  It's just bread." he finally gave me some but told me to keep quiet about it.  Cheap asses... WTF?   It's bread.  Everyone gives complimentary bread.  What's wrong with you?  Oh, and then the bread, a hunk of baguette, turned out to be hard and tasteless.   Poseurs.  Kudos to the bartender for being cool and comping us a couple drinks though.  That was nice of him.   The only redeeming quality of the night.Would I go back?  Maybe... but only for the bar and a few games.
5	I've stayed at the Paris twice now, and enjoyed every night staying there!  Their casino is well lit and not the dim-drowsy atmosphere that you see in some of the other casinos.  Their indoor-outdoors was such an eye opener to me when I first visited, and really gives you the feeling of cobblestone streets and little eateries.  Their crepehouse is delicious.The first time I stayed at Paris, we got upgraded to a high-floor room that faced the strip and the Bellagio.  This time, we didn't get the view but we had a really nice room with plush pillows and a comfy bed.  And an HDTV was installed as well!!!!!!  The bathroom was very clean, and consisted of a bathtub and showerroom.  The showers could have had a little bit more power to it, but what the heck, I enjoyed my stay, and I will always be a fan of the Paris Las Vegas!
4	You've got to love it when you get in to Vegas at midnight, check in, and on the ride up to your hotel room, you're in the elevator with a hooker. At least at the Paris, she was a high-class hooker. Ha! The hotel overall is nice - not amazing, but nice. Room service was spot on - we got breakfast twice and lunch once and they actually got it all right, special requests at all. And, not that all I think about is food or anything, but the eclairs downstairs are really good too.I'm not a gambler, but have heard that the Paris also has tables great for casual gamblers where you don't have to bet your first-born to play blackjack on a Saturday night.
4	MERCI BEAUCOUP PARIS!!  I love this hotel.  The rooms our very nice and the staff are top rate and ready to help you thru any problem.  And don't let me comment on how fun it is to gamble here.  You won't feel like you're losing your shirt.  So go to Paris and live it up.
3	"I have always passed through here, Been to the Restaurants the bars Casino all top notch. I stayed here for one night when I was on Business. I have to say that I was very disappointed. The rooms are very small. It smelled like smoke, the bathrooms are small to top it off the wall paper in the room was peeling off. The only reason why I didn't give this hotel a 2 star is because the service of the hotel is good and the hotel is located on the strip and it does have a nice stores. But other than that Paris is pretty average..... : (
3	The rooms (king bed) were spacious, as were the bathrooms.  It was also very clean and well maintained.  I did have a few blown out bulbs in the bathroom, but the front desk was quick to send maintenance to remedy the problem.  The mattress felt a little too firm for my taste.  Even though the hotel is themed, I felt the decor was a bit dated and a bit tacky.As for the casino areas and restaurants, it felt smaller and lacking in variety compared to the other resort casinos.  The food quality was average at the Ile St. Louis restaurant, and the crepe place offered only a few options -- come on, who doesn't have strawberry nutella crepes???  Oh, and the line into the club, Risque, looked like a sausage fest.The taxi stand was chaotic on a Saturday night.  It was a 30 minute wait -- and we were yelled at by the valet for taking the next available cab as he was assisting the group before us into another cab.  Whatever.  All in all, a good place to stay, but won't be returning.
4	I have stayed at most of the Vegas strip hotels and here are my thoughts.What is nice about this hotel is that it feels like you are smack dab in the middle of the strip.  If you don't want to hang out here in the hotel, then your options are open.  Especially since there isn't a huge food selection if you are looking for a cheap, good and quick bite.Also, Paris usually offers one of the lowest rates next to the Aladdin Hotel which is right next door.  Champagne taste, beer budget.The rooms nicely appointed, but nothing stands out as a wow.  TIP: If you do stay here, ask for one of the "P-rooms." These are one of the corner rooms which is also a bit bigger in size than the other rooms from what I saw.  Best of all, no extra charge!  ; )
4	Nice hotel, good buffet.
3	I've always been a bigger fan of the outside of the Paris than the inside; but, then again, they just recreated some of the most beautiful structures in the world.  The tower is of course gorgeous, and Arc de Triomphe with the fountains in front is breathtaking.  My love affair with the casino ends there.  Inside, it's poorly laid out and feels crowded.  The giant legs of the tower are huge cubed impediments throughout.  You're always asking for directions, and the beauty of the outside doesn't transfer into the inside at all.  I really, really hate the cocktail waitresses' uniforms.  They're awful.Stick to the outside and take pictures of the pretty things there.  That's as good as it gets.
4	Working in the hotel industry for five years, I have realized my tastes and standards are different from everybody.Pars has a relatively small public space compared to the monstorous hotels on the strip.  This doesn't mean it's dinky, it's actually quite quaint.  Fake cobblestones that don't tend to agree with the stiletto heel'd clad ladies, patisseries and eateries and water fountains.I was enamored more so with the outside.  The Eiffel Towe, the Arc, The fountain, at night it was beautiful.The rooms.  This is where I disagree on some choices the hotel made.  I canna speak for any other rooms as I think the D/D and the Queen rooms are probably different, my single King was a good size, large and roomy.  The carpet, a garish houndstooth, was jarring to look at.  The red leather headboard was boardering bordello and the dinky loveseat was sad and small.Ther service was great, if for some reason your compelled to order the Chicken Noodle Soup from Room Service, please don't.  The 24 hour eaterie in the casino is popular at 4:00 AM, so be prepared for a line no matter what time it is.
4	I like this place. The Eiffel Tower is nice to look at, and its not too bad inside.+Le Village buffet is decorated beautifully and the food is great!!! The breakfast buffet was yummy and NOT expensive, which was great.- Le Provencal you made me sad. Granted, I did order your Angel Hair pomodoro, and I didn't expect much, but COME ON. I've made way better pasta than that and believe it, it wasnt no 13 dollars. But your bread was good.- Le Cafe, why did you only give me two tiny pieces of my french toast for my combination?! Well fine, at least it was good. I agree with the person who says theyre cheap on bread, they only give out bread to people who buy soup or salad. +The rooms were kinda nice. I liked the way they decorated the floors, but...-COME ON, who are you kidding with that carpeting?!+But I did enjoy that bathroom you guys gave me.-UM, grossest thing was that strawberry daquiri my best friend bought me with the eiffel tower, is there like 2000 grams of sugar in that thing or what? and yeah, he carded her and asked her if it was for me. She said no of course, but HA! I got the WHOLE drink mofucka!!!!+Thank you security officers for being so nonchalant about letting a minor gamble! We lost so tsalll good.Peace, yo!
4	This place was cool. We definately enjoyed our stay here. We had a great room and could watch the fountain show at the Bellagio from our room. Their music was loud enough that if your standing right next to the window, you can hear that too.  The room was comfy for us and the bathroom was well kept as well. Nothing I hate more than a bathroom you can tell has seen better days.  We got in kinda late, so after checking in, we headed to Le Cafe for a meal. You can't go wrong with burger and fries and we were not disappointed. It was pretty yummy. Le Village Buffet was super yummy! I could have eaten those made to order crepes all night long! Nutella and Raspberry..YUMMO!!!Can't remember the name of the little Crepe place where you can order crepes from the window or go inside, but they were Yummy too!!Everyone else who mentioned this is right....BE CAREFUL ON THOSE COBBLESTONE WALKWAYS IF YOU ARE WEARING HEELS!!!
2	When the gals selected Paris hotel, I quickly browsed through the pictures and thought, "How friggin' cheesy." I am going to disguise myself the entire time; and so no one finds out I am staying here. Hotel snob I am.Turns out this hotel is midway between the ends of the strip and along the strip. Bellagio is across the street. One hotel down from the Bellagio is Caeser's Palace. On the other side you can find CVS and Walgreens to stock up on eye drops, water, and toiletries. Further down is the Monte Carlo, Mandalay Bay, and New York New York. Convenience always gets a hefty factor in my ratings book.The hotel check-in and concierge is about 100 feet from the official entrance. The more annoying part is the hotel elevator is another 500 feet from the entrance. You have to walk past the dud Club Risque and series of shops and restaurants in order to get to the elevator inlet, which is easy to miss. Apparently that's true in every single hotel.There are 3 series of hotel elevators. One that goes from the 15th floor and below, another that goes from the casino floor and jumps to the 15th floor to the 26th floor, and the other set that goes from the casino floor and jumps to the 26th floor and above. The best floors to reside on are the 15th and 26th floors; and so you rarely have to wait for elevators going down or wait for other people to get off on lower floors on the way up. Lucky us. We got placed on the 26th floor.The gals got a room with 2 queen size beds. By simply playing drinking games on the bed, I konked out early on the firm and comfortable beds. There is a separate shower and bath. No fans required in the bathroom. Miraculously, the bathroom never fogged up. Although, the shower water was always lukewarm, and it took a while for the water to gradually become hot.My two biggest complaints about the hotel, is the lack of gambling options. I did not spend a penny on gambling here. Could not find a craps or roulette table for a quick and easy thrill. The other thing that bothered me a lot was the dismal looking pool. The place was packed with 300+ hotel patrons for a mere hole in the ground. On that crowded day, only 1 of the 2 bars was open, and the kitchen was backed up for an hour. There were no pretty looking drinks made of coconut or water melon shells. The cabanas are far removed from the pool, which contributes to privacy but a trek to the water. And the stupid Eiffel Tower casts an annoying shadow. We kept having to move to flee the shade.Besides that, I would stay at Paris Hotel again...only if I really have to. I really can not get over how a hotel in the middle of the desert can have a puny pool. If the backyard pools in my scorching hot and humid childhood Houston neighborhood were put together, the pool would have been many times larger and accommodated the same number of family members.
4	Really liked this hotel!  Only bad thing was no fridge in the room.  Even though we didn't have a view of the strip or pool, it was still nice to see the mountains and city lights from our room.  I didn't think the beds were hard like everyone else has said, they felt fine to me.  We had a huge flat screen and armoir with 2 closets in our room.  The food choices were good, Burger Brasserie and the crepe window were my favorites, along with the 24 hour cafe.  Absolutely love the location on the strip, we could walk everywhere and lots of shopping closeby.  Service from the hotel employees was great, everyone was very friendly and helpful.  Would definitely recommend to others!
4	I can't say too many bad things about the Paris hotel. It's cute and cozy and the pools fun. The only thing that kinda sucked about the rooms was the fact that there was no fridge and the bathroom sink kept clogging. The pool wasn't all that big and they closed it down both days...first day because some one threw up in it and the second day because some one pooped in it! EW! But at least they offer buy one get one free drinks when the pool closes at the bar. :) The strawberry margaritas rock and help keep cool in the heat. The best part is the location. It's right on the strip and you can walk to a few of the hotels and the rest are a short cab ride away! There is even a mall next door at planet hollywood. What else can you ask for?
4	**Review of the Poker Room only**First time playing here was over the weekend.  Actually it was the first time in Paris resort.  Cool place IMHO.  I like the poker room because the wait wasn't that long and it's inside the race and sports book room.  Sooo, there are a ton of big flat screens that you can watch all the games on - nice.  I did get yelled at for texting. Since it's in the sports book you can't use your cell.
4	I was very skeptical about staying at a themed hotel because of the kitsch factor, but I trust my sil's suggestions. She never steers me wrong when it comes to vacation.I adore la Paris. As far as themed hotels go, the placing of the Eiffel, Arche de Triompe, the musems et al are done scalefully (no such word) and skillfully. Pipe in some Edith Piaf and it's a thrill. What an adult DisneyWorld.I don't find the beds hard at all. Sure, they are not plushy and all down-feathered, but it is not shabby. I got a good night's sleep out of it. As far as fridge goes, there's one but NO ROOM for stuff. Try moving anything to make room, it registers as a purchase, so I'm told. So don't touch anything. The concierge is helpful, and looked up various show times and restaurant reservations for us.The casino area is not huge, but for a non-big-time gambler like me, I'm OK. If you want to gamble within the premises, the Paris is joined underground to the Bally's. They, along with Rio, Flamingo, Caesar's Palace, are owned by the same corporation. You can get a free bus ride to those properties. Although there are other elegant choices along the Strip, the Paris definitely ranks as one of the better ones to put one's feet up for its central location, it being right across from the Bellagio.*Photos shot
3	We stayed in the Paris in May.  It was busy.PROs:+ Part of Harrah's, so its connected to Bally's and offers free shuttle rides to Caesars, Rio, and the other three casinos they own in Vegas but escape me at the moment.+ Decent room+ Themed, like an adult Disneyland - no detail overlooked+ Affordable, fair price for what you get+ Convenient to rest of strip.CONs:- No fridge in room. If you even touch anything in the minibar, it registers as a purchase, and good luck debating that with the front desk.  Trust me.- The whole time we stayed there (several days), we never had hot water in our shower.  DISAPPOINTING!- Whoever designed the floor in the main floor is on crack.  If you have an attractive woman with you (or if you are a woman) who happens to be wearing heels, they are going to need your help walking across it because it is like traversing rocks.  It is uneven.  Sure, their intent was to mimic a brick paved road of Europe or old west, but the result was a nightmare for the women in my entourage who were wearing heels. Overall I can't complain too much about the Paris.The poker room is very small and near the sports desk, but the staff there is friendly and helpful.  They have Texas Hold'Em tournaments ($65 buy in usually) several times a day, which are good clean fun.  There are plenty of big screens to watch, but note that there are absolutely no cell phones allowed (you'll be escorted out for even texting).  The drink ladies stroll through fairly regularly.Mixed results on the slots.The Cafe was good, although busy, for breakfast.  We didn't eat there any other time of the day.Good times. Downgrade due to lack of hot water and fridge.  3 stars.
4	Pretty standard 4 star hotel for a reasonable price. Rooms are a decent size but I would not call them large. Most important thing for me was that the room and bathrooms were clean and sharing with 3 other girls was not a problem. If you have a room with 2 queens they will not allow you to get a roll-away, against state regulations. I guess we didn't have a fridge but we didn't really need one either. The hotel itself is very busy especially the restaurant row. I had a good time here and enjoyed their restaurant Mon Ami Gabi. Best thing about this hotel is the location on the strip...again I ended up at Ceasar's palace. There's so much fun to be had there! I didn't know about the free shuttle that another reviewer mentioned...it would have been nice since it was 100+ degrees when I was there.
3	This review is based on our stay here.If you can get over the fantastic ridiculousness of Vegas in general, you'll be able to take Paris's "French" twist with a grain of salt. Obviously this French twist involves putting "le" in front of every noun, and ending it with an "e"....le craps table....le cocktaile....le ATMe....after awhile it becomes le'tarded.Our room was clean and the bathroom is nice (separate tub and shower stall). Surprisingly, the room was actually quiet - not much hallway noise or outside noise. However, we were on the 14th floor facing Bally's so I'm unsure as to whether this is consistent throughout the hotel.This was our first stay on The Strip - we usually stay downtown at the Nugget. Although we booked Paris as part of a package and paid a reasonable weekday rate, I couldn't help but feel like I was being financially raped at each turn. Now, granted Vegas is known for financial rape but Paris took it to a new level - financial anal rape with chalk dust. Everything had a surcharge or was insanely priced. Bottle of water? $3. Cup of coffee? $3. Internet access? $15 a day. Print out a page at the business center? $6 a page (does not include misprints) If you lift anything out of the minibar, within 45 seconds the hotel will charge your room.Although one should expect financial anal rape from Vegas in general, in the end it just demonstrates the greatest flaw of this hotel - it is just too big to feel intimate. If you hate feeling like a number, don't stay here. A side note:I don't understand why people write reviews expressing their disgust at "The Midwesterners in fanny packs" who think this is really Paris. Um, yeah you'll see a lot of that. Mainly because this is Vegas. Yes, you urban hipster, we all know you've been to the real Paris and boy, does it make you so much better than us philistines. Oh, by the way, why are you here anyway?
4	Lucky for me I have a Harrahs Players' Card, Platinum Edition. I gambling my mother's retirement away so I can move up into Diamond Status. Well now, Paris Hotel Casino in Las Vegas is in one great location. Next to Bally's and Planet Hollywood (formerly Aladdin) and across the street from both Bellagio and Caesars Palace.Now the rooms are decent and pretty well sized. The whole place is well taken care of. You don't have to wait forever for an elevator. There's a great toiletries store right next to the elevators just in case you need something that bad. Plenty of places to eat (buffets, creperies, boulangeries, bistros)...like the real Paris you won't miss out on good food. For me, the best place to eat is Mon Ami Gabi. I solely eat the Filet Mignon medium rare and I pair it with the house Merlot. Also try the crab cakes appetizers. Last, you must try the dessert menu. Looks like I'm going to do a review for that place too.As for the casino...it's Vegas. So plenty of games. The sportsbook is huge and hardly ever busy except for special events. A great aspect of Paris is that it is adjacent to Bally's...so if you're want to eat a Sbarro or want to try playing at Bally's...it's just a quick walk away. Paris is a lot less expensive than the bigger hotels like Caesars, Bellagio, etc....but it is just as well taken care of, just as pretty and just as comfortable. Definitely worth the price. But I'm comped...so I don't pay anything...well except at the tables and slots.
4	FAQQ: I heard that this is the best smelling Casino/Resort in Las Vegas. Is this true?A: Oh, absolutely. Between the hours of 5.00am and 11.00am, there is the glorious smell of stale cigarettes, carpet cleaner, freshly baked croissants and strong coffee. All of that surrounded by the mesmerizing din of slot machine noise. A perfect environment when you're stumbling towards your room at the Flamingo at 5.45am, hoping to God that someone is awake in the room and will open the door for you.Q: Wow! This is the sort of classy place that I'd like to throw-up in!A: Absolutely.Q: I'm poor, I can't do Paris.A: Help Las Vegas get even closer to replicating Paris by being a Street Urchin. There's lots of bread in the bread carts and the bakeries that line the "cobble-stoned" streets. Steal loaves of bread! Distribute them to the poor! Power to the people!FYI ... The Paris Las Vegas security doesn't take kindly to your Quasi-Communist/Robin Hood-esque antics.
3	4/5 for casino/restaurants, etc.2/5 for hotel room and serviceI love the way this hotel looks interior/exterior/waitress/etc.Bet limits are not so high and not so low.  Slots seem to do pretty well here.My dissatisfaction comes from the hotel room.  I used the frontdesktip.com to get a free upgrade from luxury to a premium.   The view of Bellagio was blocked by the eiffel tower and quality of the room was decent.  Problem is my neighbors were super noisy at 6am, I can hear everything and I kept getting mistaken phone calls at 6am from the neighbor's friend. Now.. after the second night of no sleep, I was really frustrated so asked the front desk if they can move us.  The clerk was a jerk and told me there's nothing available even before he looked it up.  I told him I would even pay for a suite or take a downgrade and that I just needed sleep and then he went "Sir.. THERE.. IS.. NOTH...ING.. AVAIL.. ABLE.." like I was a dumbass.  His sorry ass could've called the noisy neighbors or called security for me or something.Tip : when you check in, make sure you are not next to a suite.  When you have something like #### and there is a ####P next to it, you got screwed and have them move you out that moment.Tip2 : Use frontdesktip.com to get a free upgrade.
4	Traipsing through the drabness that was Bally's, some of the bachelor party crew decided to split off and check out the sights 'n sounds of its neighbor, the Paris. Its shops consisted of clothing boutiques, cigar stands and bakeries. The painted sky complete with wisps of clouds adds even more charm and makes one feel like they're outdoors. There's also ANOTHER lower level of shops, eateries and sports bars that my friend discovered on his way to the bathroom.
1	"C'est la vie"I was looking forward to staying at this hotel on a recent business trip with my wife.  I have always admired the outside structure and its natural ambiance that accompanied it.Needless to say I was very let down.This hotel is getting one star for the following reasons:1.  The inside of the hotel felt very claustrophobic, low ceilings and narrow walking spaces were very confining.2.  for the 5 days I was there the same room service tray was left in the hallway next to our room.  It started developing an odor which my wife and I called about, but they did nothing until the last day when they offered to give us credits/new room upgrade.  So perturbed that we declined any of their concessions and asked just that the please just pick up the "damn" tray and we will be fine.3.  The rooms were uncomfortable, tired looking, and very similar to a cheap room you would find at a motel 6.4.  The location though great on the strip is not as conveniently located next to the Las Vegas Monorail as described.  You have to walk through the hotel, through the corridor that connects it to Bally's then through Ballys... its casino... restaurants....sports book... over the hill and through the woods and your there.  Though proximity is not their fault, advertising is.5.  Staff was extremely rude, from front desk to room service attendants.These issues are the factors for my scoring, though I could probably live with giving them a 2 star rating, my personal frustration of my experience and the overly high overall score (my opinion only) took it down another peg.
4	This is one of my favorite casinos.  I love the ambiance here. I have a thing for Francophile. The music, the lovely ceiling and even the public bathrooms are sooo nice. This is a nice spacious casino.
3	Eh.When I went here this past September, I felt like I was in 4th grade again living in FL and visiting EPCOT.  I remember when the Paris was being built, how it was soooo cool that they were re-making the Eiffel tower, ect.  And yes, it is nice.  There is fake Paris stuff EVERYWHERE but sometimes I think it is a bit too fake.Of couse welcome to modern day Vegas, a city that tries to re-create and put on airs for just about everything.  The Paris isn't a bad hotel.  The rooms though are small and had nothing special WHATSOEVER to offer except for the fact that they look French.  Mandalay Bay that I stayed at in July was far superior, at least they had iPod docks, sheesh!  But I'm a Generation X/Y kid.  Maybe your grandma would like Paris, with the cobblestone 'street' inside and cute French restaurants.  Just very, very average in a city with A LOT of cool competition.
3	This hotel is nice on the outside, but the rooms are tiny on the inside.  I felt claustrophobic.  I just like lots of room.  I may be petite but I still like spacious especially since Las Vegas is known to go BIG!  Casino is fine, rooms are small...  You decide...
4	Best joint in Vegas I've stayed at so far. The casino is great - the waitresses kept the drinks flowin and my gambling fever rolling. exc. but pricey resturants for you foodies.The Eifel tower was great and the view of the Bellagio light show was fantastic from up there.
4	I am really struggling between 3 and 4 stars.  At the end, 4-star seems appropriate especially considering my stays here were free.  The Diamond Check-in was always very quick and courteous.  Whenever possible, they tried to give me a room on the higher floor with view of the strip which was PERFECT!  I could watch the water show at the Bellagio all night. The room used to be decorated in French country style (which I didn't care for) and has now gone ultra modern, like the rest of Vegas hotels, with flat screen TV, iPod docking radio, and a huge red leather headboard.  The new white comforter and pillows are plush and fluffy.  The room is a tad bit small for a 4-star hotel and the marble bathroom is nice enough with a separate shower and tub.  I guess being that it is 'Paris', the hotel tries to maintain its element of romance, thus, using RED as the accent color for the new room decor, quite eye-catching at first glance.  RED is supposed to be a happy color and signifies 'lucky' for Chinese, so I thought maybe I'd get lucky at the casino.  Well, no such luck!!!  I'd have to agree with the other reviewers that the outside of the hotel is more beautiful than the inside and makes a nice backdrop for some pictures to take home with.  Unlike the other casinos which have the mural sky in the shopping areas, Paris has it all throughout the main casino which I think is quite lovely.  Le Boulevard is cute to look at but too narrow of a walkway and the uneven surface of the cobblestone make it a pain to pass through.  Although there are some shops at the Bally's-Paris Promenade, it is nothing compare to the Forum Shops across the street at the Caesars.  For a true shopping pleasure, you are better off going to Caesars, Bellagio, Venetian, or Planet Hollywood.  The Diamond Lounge, open to only diamond and seven star Total Reward Card holders, offers good variety of appetizers, fresh fruits, and desserts if you just want a place to take a short break and relax.  Can't complain for all the free food and free drinks for us Diamond Total Reward Card players.  The location is almost at the center of the strip so it's easy to visit other casinos.  You can also catch the monorail next door at the Bally's which is connected to Paris.  This is not a 5-star hotel so don't expect 5-star quality.  But if you're a romantic soul and want to experience some French love, then Paris might suit you fine.  Bon Jour!
2	I've never really liked this place.  The gaming area is small and the lackluster rooms leave much to be desired.  The pin-striping everywhere makes me dizzy and completely irritates the shit out of me.I'll reserve the 1 star rating for some other places down the street, because even though I hate this place,.....it could be worse.  That second star could easily be a half, though.Stay somewhere else, even if the room is comp'd.
4	3.5 stars. Good central location, not as loud and smoky as some of the other hotels. Very comfortable and stylish rooms. The taxi valets were my favorite (they kept me safe from the CES dorks).
2	I hate those freakin' mimes in the lobby.  You just do not sneak up on someone who is hungover and barely containing themselves, barf-wise, and scare the hell out of them before they've had an egg mcmuffin.  And that's another thing.  There is nowhere in the Paris to get an easily-accessible emergency hangover breakfast.  I had to settle for a pain au chocolat (hardly the pain au chocolat you had in the real Paris, more like a Costco croissant with a squirt of dried up Hershey syrup inside) and a mocha from the "boulagerie" in the lobby, which was full of screaming kids and 0% BAC adults.The casino staff was not amused when we wanted to gamble at 5 a.m. in our jammies.  I was not amused by the price of the room and those f'ing mimes.
4	I think this is probably my favorite non-baller hotel in Vegas.  Aside from being right smack in the middle of all the hustle and bustle in a great location, the superficial and faux French architecture is also amazing.  Inside, there are cute little shops, cafes, bakeries, etc that curve around and resemble streets in Paris (not that I've been there, so I guess I wouldn't know...).  They have these delicious souvenir drinks that come in huge plastic eiffel towers or in this porcelain china whatever handmade balloon. It's only $13 and they fill it with alcohol that hits you like a bat an hour later and you get to keep it as a souvenir w00t.I have no idea what the hotel rooms look like but I'm sure they're adorable as well.  Concierge is super nice.. we pretended to be guests so he gave us a bunch of passes to clubs we wanted to hit up that night (much easier than dealing with those shady people on the street who make you tip them for passes).  I've been to the top of the Eiffel Tower before and it's gorgeous! You get a really nice view of the strip and there is a restaurant up there as well which is ridiculously expensive.  It does cost some money to go up but if you've never been, it's worth the one trip while touristing around in Vegas - I recommend going up at night though.Sure, it's not as classy and suave as the Wynn or Palazzo but I just love that this place COULD be tacky but isn't.  It's not TOO expensive for college students.. or maybe 6 of them.. to a room, but I think it's worth it.  Maybe when I achieve baller status some day I can stay in the Venezia Towers or something extravagant but for now, I'll dream small and try to stay here next time.EDIT: Stayed here over the weekend with the boyfriend in a suite and it was SWEET - 2 bathrooms, one of which had a HUGE bathtub with jets, nice sitting area, huge bed, I didn't want to leave. Service was great and super prompt. Okay, next time I'm staying at the Wynn.Also went to the Le Village Buffet - I haven't been able to eat anything substantial for the last 24 hours.
3	Didn't stay here, but checked it out as a visitor. The theme was pretty cool.
4	The hotel overall is what gets 4 stars from me. The rooms, although nice and quaint, are what you're supposed to get (the standard bed, TV, and phone). Nothing less, nothing more.It is right on the strip, so if you want to go up and down the strip to enjoy Vegas, then this is a good place to stay. The "Little France" thing going on is pretty cool (especially when you're taking someone special around, but it's Vegas. You shouldn't. =P ), and the overhead clear skies ceiling is great to look at when you're intoxicated. The casino floor is very clean and the shops serve their primary purpose. The swimming pool, however is almost always crowded. Not that I have a problem with that, but waiting around to get in the pool almost gave me a Wesley Snipes tan. No joke.NOTE: A problem I have with certain hotels all over the states is that they do not provide free wireless internet. They charge you a ridiculous fee per day to use it (something in excess of 10 dollars). Luckily some casinos in Vegas have it, this one (when I went last summer) sadly did not.
2	Sucks. Blows. One of the worst hotels on the strip - and I mean that because I have stayed at many (from the Tropicana to the Venetian baby). Every time I come to Vegas, which is fairly often, I like to try some place new. I've been wanting to stay at Paris for awhile, but every other time I have come, the rooms have been too bloody expensive. Surely for the price they were charging I was going to have an extra-ordinary experience? WRONG! This time I'm on the company bill, so now the room fits into the per diem. And its not even the room that's the problem, although I'm sure as hell glad that I didn't stay here when it was $200+ a night. I would have felt TOTALLY ripped off. Its everything else about the hotel that blows. NOOOO breakfast options. As another Yelper said, when you're looking for that hangover cure, you sure as hell better look somewhere else other than Paris because there is nothing here other than a Boulangerie with a bunch of crappy pastries. I paid $18.75 for a fruit salad, croissant and coffee. That says something right there. The casino is minuscule and very uninspiring.The slot selection is ridiculous. And lastly, I ordered room service and the pizza I was served had to have been one of the worst I'd ever eaten in my life. The only reason why I continued to eat it is because it cost $17 and who could let that go to waste? I give Paris 2 stars because 1, the rooms aren't terrible and 2, its connected to the monorail which makes it convenient to the Convention Center. Other than that, I'm sure you'd have a better time at Circus Circus rather than here
4	Damn ppl be hating. Mad hating. I think this hotel was decent. A little steep on the price, but I was happy cuz they were overbooked and bumped us to the suite with a king sized bed and jacuzzi bath. WAHOOO GOOD TO BE BALLLIIIINNNN. KOBED that shit.View was shit tho. I got to see.... construction. wahoo.Concierge was nice and gave us whatever we needed. They came to our room like 20 minutes after we checked out too. I guess they were in a rush. It also sucked that even though we got bumped to a better room, it took until 5p til we could go take a shower, get dressed, and go to our 6:30p dinner reservation. Kinda weak.The place is nice, but the casino seemed kinda weak.Some places loooked like it was in the ghetttooooo. Parking lot and its elevator was failing hard. Somewhere in between the normal Paris and SF chinatown.Overall good rooms and good service, however not as aesthetically pleasing everywhere.
5	disclaimer: this rating is for the buffet restaurant at Paris.i didnt stay at the hotel...but heard about the Le Village Buffet from my brother.we had to wait for about 30-45 minutes. but it was worth the wait, seriously.we came in just between breakfast and lunch. (around 9:50 am or so). so we were able to enjoy a bunch of stuff!the crepes are deeelish...so was the roast chicken during lunch. service was very good too. they topped off our drinks as needed. wish i could go there again!
3	i stayed here but don't remember much else. there were gambling opportunities once you got out of the elevator.the gambling area is covered by an all weather bubble permitting gambling all the time while giving you an expression you were outdoors.that crazy sound that reminded one was in a gambling environment i was a sould i didn't like.
5	A beautiful hotel with clean, spacious rooms.  Never had the buffet here, but the casino itself is comfortable, clean, and fun.  I didn't win, but I've never, ever won in Nevada!  haha  Fun anyway.  I'd certainly stay here again, and recommend it to friends.The fitness room, while pricey to use, includes great access to the "spa".  While treatments are pricey (and a terrible value if my pedicure was any indication), it was great to be able to work out and then use the scented steam room and awesome showers and stuff.
5	I just spent the weekend at Paris and I really enjoyed it. The atmosphere is really cool. I love the streets and buildings and sky in the casino area. I also love the fact that this is not a huge hotel. It does not take 20 minutes from the front door to your room. The rooms are nice, nothing too special, but comfortable. The Burger Brasserie  down near Bally's has excellent burgers and onion rings!I would definitely stay here again
1	Paris use to be true to it's name. (no more orangina or evian) Not so much anymore. Harrah's has made it just like any other hotel. Nothing special. Service is horrible and so are the rooms. The beds are hard. The pillows are flat and smelly. The tubs are not cleaned properly. DO NOT use the hot tubs! The jets are disgusting. Mold on travel soap. Never again.
3	my dad gets free rooms at a lot of the hotels in vegas. paris happened to be one of them.it was my first time at Paris. it was ok. i expected better. im only 20 (thats probably why i didnt have so much fun) i didnt really like the place. the rooms werent as i was expecting it to be. tho i like that i can walk all over the strip.. good location just really busy.i guess you can say we got our moneys worth hah.
5	I really enjoy staying at the Paris Hotel.  I love the decor and the slots are always fun.  One of my favorite things is their buffet.  The line is usually long but worth the wait and is usually a great place to people watch!  I love their pina coladas in the tall eiffel tower glass!  The food is delicious, the crepes, the clam chowder, the shrimp, the desserts are all delicious!Every time we go to Las Vegas, even if we aren't staying at this hotel, we always stop by for their brunch!
4	I stayed there this weekend with the date and we had a really good time. I did the upgrade, and they gave us this great room with a spa tub, and everything about it was pretty clean (one of the chairs had a slightly noticeable stain on it, but that's all). The room was huge, probably larger than we should have stayed in, but it was fun.I actually enjoyed coming here with her, especially since I'm kind of tired of coming to Vegas and got to see it with someone who isn't tired of it. Paris is about the right size for one of these theme casinos -- not too large, not too small -- so it's easy to walk around and conveniently located across the street from the Bellagio and their water show for the turistas.Some of the restaurant choices are kind of weird (outside of the Eiffel Tower restaurant, which really isn't French, there isn't a French restaurant here), but for the most part it's a fun place. The coolest part is some of the random music acts they have off the casino -- very classy and elegant for a place that doesn't always have a classy and elegant crowd.
5	I loved staying at Paris. Everything was clean and refreshing. The linens were white and crisp, the bath was clean, everything is bright and airy in the room. The scratch paper pad next to the phone was made from that nice glossy paper, +1 star! Oh yea, my favorite buffet is also in Paris. Weekend brunch is the way to go.
4	I would stay here again even if I had to pay!  The rooms were spacious, the lobby is grand, there is an excellent crepe place, and the pool is beautiful.  The minute I walked in I was excited to be staying here.  I was lucky to be staying for free since my brother's company paid for the room!  Vegas is quite the popular place for trade-shows!I ate at the crepe place in the hotel each morning since it was right downstairs, tasty, and reasonably priced.  They had lots of different varieties to choose from too.  The hotel room had lots of space and the bathrooms were spacious as well.  It was also clean and the decorations and furniture were pretty new and cute.  I spent a few afternoons at the pool and really enjoyed my time lounging there.  DO NOT get a drink from the bar though!  It was a total rip off since I was basically drinking syrup.  They put barely any liquor in the margarita I ordered and didn't mix it up at all.  The location of the hotel is perfect since it's pretty much in the middle of the strip and right across the street from the Bellagio.  You can see the fountain show easily!  You can also get back to your room easily at this hotel.  It's very nice after a long day of walking.  Some of the hotels force you to walk thru their large casino in order to get back to your room.  When you have tired feet and are exhausted it's not fun!  Be sure to try their dinner buffet in one of their restaurants too!  It's $25 for all you can eat and there are many great pastas, veggies, and desserts to choose from.  That is a deal in Vegas!
4	stayed here for the first time this weekend. it was nice but not great. one of the house keeper was really mean. i asked her for extra bathroom things and shes like WHAT? YOU DONT HAVE ENOUGH? and im like no... she gives me only shampoo and i had to ask her for each thing that i needed. the other ladies were nice... it was just that one... casino took all my money... but i guess that wasnt its fault haha. went to their steak house... wasnt anything too special. just very fancy.
3	I have to say, I really really enjoyed the room we stayed in.  Great view, comfy bed, really enjoyed the soft comforter and down pillows.  Sleeping in was very nice and I liked the bathroom, although the tub dripped and that was annoying.However, they gave us guff for wanting a late check out (they didn't know their bookings for the next 12 hours but would be more than happy to charge us $70 to stay past 1:00).  The casino leaves a bit to be desired (not enough half-naked dancing girls for my liking and the slots ate all my damn money).  Also, I ordered room service one night and got FOOD POISONING!  The food was almost rotten and it was all cold.  I know it was 2:30 in the morning but for crying out loud there's a 24 hour cafe in the hotel and there is simply no excuse.Also, the walls are thin in the hotel.  We could hear the kids next door screaming the entire time.Probably not staying here again, though it was fairly enjoyable.
4	. .                  .                    .     .   .  !            .             .               . .                       .         .  .    .            !!!!        .       .                   .         .             .                                    .                 !!!!!       .    .   .          .                     .      .                                                      !!!!!                                                     ) _ (                                                     ) _  (    . .    ...                                      )___ (             .       ....     .     ..                                      ) ___ (             .       . . .     .     ..                                     )  ___  (            ....     .                                                 /=======\                                                  ) .-"""-.  (                                             ___________                                                                                        /                        \             ______________________________________Oh Gay Pareez [sic]! Voulez vous coucher avec moi ce soir! Giuchie     Giuchie, ya ya dada (Hey hey hey)--Yeah that's how me and Christiana do it when we're getting durrrty up in hurrr in the fine Paris Hotel and Casino.            _______________________________________ I'm a simpleton when I gamble. I don't like to  think. "Yo 7, yo 11, yo mama WTF? I don't get craps!" "I'm the 'anchor,' I have 12, dealer shows 6 top card, and I don't hit? WTF?" I like to sit there with my Malibu and coke  and just pull the handle. Don't hate on the Malibu---it's a superstitious and FREE, albeit embarrassing thing that I drink when I gamble. Even 'Amelie,' our French-attired cocktail waitress gets a chuckle out of this.           ________________________________________  Set in an idyllic location, in a courtyard backdrop away from the tables and the Eiffel Tower , sits the high limit slot areas. During a four hour stretch on a $5 machine, I nailed a                                    77777     777777     7777777                                    7    77       7    77        7       77                                          77             77                 77                                           77             77                77                                            77             77                77   And lost it all at a ahemm, Gentleman's Club. C'mon now, we's in Vegas, baby!              __________________________________All in all, Paris is a wonderful casino. A bit on the dark/romantic, smoky side just like the REAL Paris. Buffets are not my cup de the (that's the French version, homeys) so I skip all together. Rooms are well, they're just rooms. The pool area? Ehh. Not after visiting Men-get-lay Bay. Otherwise, Pareez is in a central location and offers a wonderful stay. Giuchie, Giuchie, ya ya dada (da-da-da)                 ______________________________________
4	What can I say...I usually stay at Paris when coming to Vegas.  Its convenient...smack right in the middle of the strip.  The rooms are very decent...nothing fancy.  The bathroom is a good size with a tub and standing shower.  Very reasonably priced hotel for the center strip.
3	As the reviewers noted, Bally's totally missed the mark on this one. Coming from someone who has been to Europe, the Venetian's got it, Paris doesn't. The second I walked in I knew I was in a Bally's resort as it had the same layout/feel as the one in AC, only with a different theme. All the major elements are there - although cheaply, and there is no attention to detail. Husband and I grabbed crepes which were large and decent, even with the $9 price tag. So worth a look, but you probably won't linger long.
2	Due to high winds in Chicago, our flight dumped us into Las Vegas pretty late and consequently The Paris "upgraded" us to a suite for the night. The front desk clerk who checked us in was very nice, made sure when we switched rooms we would have a renovated one, and good thing. The suite was filthy. The chair looked like many greasy haired people had rubbed all over it, the marble table had multiple - I mean ALL OVER - drink ring marks, and some sticky substances on it, the bidet (yes, there was a bidet in the suite) had an old cup lid behind it, and the TV was small and all the way across the room, so watching in bed was impossible. After re-packing, going back downstairs, waiting in line, and a mix up at the front desk (the surly front desk staff couldn't find the name under which the room was reserved, even though we had checked in already), we got back up to the renovated room (after wasting a good 45 minutes of our day), on the back side of the hotel. A 50/50 view: lots of parking lot but also some beautiful mountains (and I can only imagine much quieter than a front of hotel room). The pool is less than relaxing with a very loud DJ playing 80's/early 90s' "mash-ups" (if that's what you can call them) and I saw a little kid puke on the steps while his drunk mom tried to catch it in her margarita cup. Classy.The hotel/casino area is always crowded and noisy. Maybe that's just Vegas, but they bill this place as "Everything Is Sexier In Paris." Guess that doesn't include the oldies in sweat pants and fanny packs. The signs all have "Le" in them. "Le Car Rental?" Give me a break. Didn't see any of the aforementioned mimes, though, thank God.Upon checking out, the much surlier front desk staff said we were being charged $700 bucks to the credit card on file. We pre-paid through an online booking service. Um, excuse me? She disappeared to the back for about five minutes, came back out, didn't say word one to us, then handed us the bill for $15/day of internet service (biggest rip-off in Vegas, and that's saying a LOT), and continued to look down, typing away. After we had stood there for a minute, she finally said "oh, you're all set." and that was that. No: "sorry for the mix up," no "thank you for staying here," no "come again soon!" I've gotten better service at Howard Johnsons in middle o' nowhere Illinois, and didn't pay nearly as much for it.The two stars are for the renovated room and the nice front desk guy at the beginning of our visit. The location is premium for the strip, but so is the location at Ballys, Bills, and Planet Hollywood, none of which I stayed at but all had nicer casinos.Edited to add: oh, yeah, no one ever checked room keys in this place, and the area outside the elevators was one of the busiest in the whole hotel/casino.
5	The Paris Hotel in Las Vegas is my #1 Favorite hotel in all of Las Vegas even though, I never stayed here before. My favorite thing that I did at the Paris was, I had a chance to go to the top of the replica Eiffel Tower during the day time it was great you get to see a spectacular view of the whole Las Vegas Strip. I like the shopping areas that they have here.
2	Nice Hotel but Bad Casino...-the gambling floor is really small.-they did not have food service at the pool but said they will soon, this was in March.-tried to upsell me a better view of the fountain for 35 more a night, I didnt bite. i got the back side of the airport...Pist.-for 20 bux more i could of stayed at Caesars Palace that weekend
4	Best public toilet I've ever seen. The pool is huge and very nice. Rooms are just ok. Best french bakery, Lenotre and best seafood buffet at Le Buffet. Not bad for $24.95 for dinner.
1	I got a free room here, and didnt want to stay here so i packed my shit and went elsewhere.  Seriously, Paris sucks.  The cafe sucks, the buffet sucks, and the rooms suck.  What sucks even more?  The people who gamble here.  Lets just say the bottom of the barrel are seen at the Paris.  Like, when IP is booked, they come to Paris.  Bad luck, bad scene
4	I've never stayed here because...well if I wanted to be in Paris...i'd fly to Paris...but anyway the place is still pretty cool and if you want a cool picture of the Las Vegas strip...Paris hotel had better be in it.  Anyway  I love Mon Ami Gabi here...it's probably my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas...that aside my last night in Vegas this memorial day weekend...i hit up Paris. We gambled $30 in slots, and left with about $100. Then we played craps...$100 down...lost...$100 down again...down to last $15 in chips...one hour later i'm up to $697...Thanks Paris!~G
4	I have a lot of international friends that love this place. I'm not quite sure why, but it's the hotel of choice for the international visitor. Whether they are from Europe or Asia, the first thing they tell me is they are visiting Vegas and are staying at Paris. Personally, I love Paris because of the shopping. Oh, and who can forget about the throngs of Midwesterns with their shorts and white sneakers?
3	I've now stayed here twice, but I'm not sure they'll be a third.  While some aspects are very nice, there are also some disappointments. First, the nice parts.  The hotel, rooms, and casinos are very nicely decorated.  The steakhouse is outstanding, with great food and great service.  The pool area is pleasant.  The spa offers a great massage, manicure, and pedicure.  The valet service is good.  The location is great.However, there are lots of disappointments.  First, the casino.  The blackjack is expensive, at minimum $15.  Many are dealing the new 6-5 blackjack, which I refuse to play.  Slot machine selection is average at best, and the video poker pay tables are bad.Second, the room.  While nicely decorated, it's small.  There is no actual closet, just some cupboards for hanging clothes.  The bathroom is nicely decorated, and has a separate bath and shower.  But the bath tub is just average size.  The desk has high-speed Internet, but it's pricey, and there is no power outlet on the desk. I preferred the room I had at the neighboring Bally's.  Third, the food.  The cafe, lounge, and creperrie were all disappointing.All in all, a mixed bag.  I feel I can find better value elsewhere, and I can find nicer rooms elsewhere.
4	05.10.08: I was really suprised at some of the reviews of this place. The casino is alright that is true. But the place is beautiful. The sky image, the little shops and designs makes the place very cute. The rooms are comfortable. So much so that I was about to ask the front desk people what brand is the mattress. I have lower back pains and well this is the first time in a long while I woke up two days in a row without any pain. Heaven mattress.I like the fact that my room had a separate shower from the bathtub. The swimming pool was alright but getting service while ur lounging is wonderful. Getting first class service. There is some downer tho, but its little stuff such as their food. Its alrigth there I rather go to the buffet other places but thats the best part about vegas people do go other places. duh. You don't want to spend all day at the same hotel. Oh yeah and the greatest thing about this place in the room is their white tea lotion. OMG i love their lotion it smells so freaking good. Just bathe me in it please. ha ha...Well thats about it about this place come and try it out if you want.. Actually you should just come because I said so.
5	Went here on the most romantic weekend of my life!  As I was trying to think of how many times I have been to Vegas, I became shocked.  I've stayed at MGM, Mandalay Bay, Mirage, Treasure Island, NYNY, Monte Carlo, Caesar's, the Golden Nugget and Circus Circus (don't even ask about the last two).  And the Paris hotel was definitely my favorite... and not just because my boyfriend took me here just the two of us.I gasped when I saw the room.  It was so much better than a lot of rooms I've stayed at in Las Vegas and was bright, clean, and beautiful.  The only complaint I had was that the walls were pretty thin, so I could hear loud people walking in the hallways.Room service was incredibly fast and yuumy.  And I really liked when the room service lady called me back after submitting my order to tell me a special order I had made would cost a lot.  It was nice of her to double check, and It was definitely better than just receiving a fattty bill.I have never been into gambling, but I got into it this trip and loved the wide selection of games and money denominations.  25 cent blackjack is now my pal.  The cocktail waitresses in the casino area were very friendly and accomodating (free alcohol rocks, btw.)The pool was relaxing, the cocktail waitresses were fast and friendly, and I love that you look up and see the Eiffel Tower.  32oz Mojito= sunny drunken yumminess!I only wish I had tried more of the restaurants and lounges while there.  My bf and I are going back in a few weeks, though, so I will update soon!
4	"Bonjour, Paris Hotel!"That is how all the employees greet you.  Hilarious.  My friends and I stayed here during a weekend getaway.  Our room was super cool and very red.  I love red so it was pretty cool.  There was a huge TV and an Ipod dock.  The bathroom was large, clean and had a huge tub.  Made me wish I had been there with my boyfriend instead of my girlfriends. ;) Sigh.My one complaint is that there was no floor length mirror in the room.  Annoying when you are going out and want to check yourself out.  All of the staff was very nice.  The valets were especially kind when my friend left her shoes in the car and we needed them to drive them up.  I would stay there again anytime.  Hopefully then I will get to take a nice bath.
2	2 1/2 STARS review.This past weekend, a bunch of friends and I stayed here and man was the service sucked at the front desk!  How in the hell can there ONLY be 2 people working on a a Friday Night as the line was so f-ing long?!  It took me about 45-60 min to finally get my room key!! One of the worst service I've got at the casino and the manager at the time was being an ass as well!Another thing that got me pissed about Paris was that they shut down the elevator on Saturday/Sunday morning and forced everyone to take a detour and our powers were off on our floor and room! WTF was that all about!?!  To top off that night, my friend sprained his ankle and we called the front desk for an EMT to come by and we didn't get an EMT to come by but a security person that showed up like 6 hours later saying that they can't help us but the clinic down the street can help us and they told us to go around the corner to go get ice without offering any help.  Can't believe it took them 6 hours to tell us that crap!Besides the crappy service, the poolside is nice but kind of small compared to other casinos on the strip but it was nice though. I thought it was stupid that you still need to pay 8 bucks to go up the effiel tower even though I am staying there!The rooms were not small and the bathroom was big with a separate shower and tub which was a change.  Overall, the room was a good size.     Not sure if I would stay here again after the crappy service my friends and I experienced.
1	I've always wanted to stay at Paris in LV - don't know why..it's not the best nor most luxurious hotel on the strip and I've stayed at other beautiful hotels on the strip before but for some odd reason, I always wanted to experience Paris as a guest.  Well - I don't know what the hell I was thinking.Here's just a quick lesson in why girls LOVE going to vegas in the summer.  It ain't the sound of people's bank accts going negative, it ain't the smell of disgusting cigarettes/cigars, and it certainly ain't the sound of those cards slapped around by those annoying men on the street passing those degrading cards out blatantly to men who are walking hand-in-hand with their gf/wife.  Girls love vegas in the summer for the pool.  Although it's scorching hot and we end up frying ourselves out there poolside, there is nothing more fun than ordering cocktails, grubbing on buffalo chicken strips and then jumping in the pool to wash it all off our fingers & mouths.  So what could be a bigger buzz kill than some jerk-face who completely shatters the image Paris tries to uphold!  It was hot and I was so thirsty and the now-warm Margarita next to my foot did not seem very tasty to satisfy my thirst.  I went to the bar located within the poolside lounge area.  I had just $4 cash on me and nothing else, thinking I'm sure a bottle of water cannot cost more than $4 even in vegas.  I asked the guy behind the counter (Mark) how much the aquafina (small bottle) was - he says "$4 - I need to see an ID".  I replied confused "Oh, I just want water, not ordering alcohol".  He says "Doesn't matter - I need to see an ID".  A little peeved at his attitude "Well - I didn't bring my ID down with me - we came down to swim (**it's a POOL not a CLUB! - I didn't say this...but you get my point)..." He says "well, I need an ID". I said - "For a water?"....He says as he gets closer to my face "EVEN TO SPEAK WITH ME!".  WTF! $%#$%(&*(#&$*#^%*&^$*Q#%^&!%!!!!!!!!!!!! I could NOT believe what had just happened!!!  And I know, I know...being the bigger person, I should control my emotions and ask to speak with a manager then and there calmly at that point....well..I'm not one of those calm, collected, think-with-your-head type- I'm a Woman!  I turned around to walk away in shock...and then turned right back and said "F%ck you!" Very classy of me right?  But I couldn't help it - I had to have him get a piece of me somehow.  I cannot stand letting guys like that just go.  You'd think that's the end of that right? Ha - the ass-face says back "You too!".  Who says that to a customer??!!  I know I shouldn't have said something so harsh to him, but he deserved it cuz he wanted to card me to "Speak with him" inches away from my face spit just missing my nose!   Since when did "I'm sorry maam that's our policy" become so difficult to say?  I went back to my sister and her bf with steam coming out of my ears and cheeks hotter than the 132 degree weather that day.  Eventually, I called the manager on site and let him have it but I know how this kind of stuff works - that assface probably still has the job and still has mental issues he needs to work out before clocking into work each day.  I am still puffing with anger and even if Paris is the only hotel with a vacant room next time I need to go, I'd rather sleep on the street than donate my hard earned money to them only so they can pay someone so disrespectful and rude as an employee.  I work in a customer-service oriented industry myself and know it's not what we sell but how we sell it.  What job isn't customer-first?  If the customer does not stay at the hotel, eat at the restaurant, bank at the bank, and shop at the store - we would not have that nice paycheck in our acct every other week.  I told the manager I chose to stay at Paris not because I have to.  They no longer earn my business as a guest nor gambler, even if it is because of just one employee who didn't know better.
3	I'll make this short and sweet.Though we didn't stay here, we enjoyed the decor and theme. Lots of food options, which kept us busy as we walked for almost two hours trying to find somewhere - anywhere - that could make us something vegetarian / vegan. Alas, the two places we found said the following: "we're out of paninis" (which was 90% of the menu) and at the other place: "I'm sorry, I'm out of cucumber, eggplant, zucchini and wraps. I can make you a salad!" Blargh!But the best part? The sign next to the escalator that goes up (ostensibly) to the Eiffel Tower, and it reads: "No food, no drink, no smoking, NO WEDDINGS." Hahaha... We took a picture of the sign in the hopes of blowing it up and putting it in our apartment.
2	i've been to paris many times and seen the eiffel tower in numerous occasions...ummm, not the city paris in france, but the hotel in las vegas.  i never stayed at the hotel as a guest, but did many things in there the city tourism bureau encouraged (ironically, i've technically been to paris, at least its charles de gaulle airport, quite a few times en route to my other destinations).  the hotel itself is beautiful with quite ornate details and decorations a person can easily overlook.  it has its charm and coziness that are not found in many of these extravagantly huge hotels now being built around and its cleanliness cannot be compared to those old, dingy hotels that once had seen their own glorious times back in the days.We waited around at the hotel casino bar since they wouldn't let us check in earlier than 10 am.  i had no idea a tequila shot could cost over $13...what a buzz kill :).  my sister who watches way too much csi wanted a room close to the elevators (something about dr. grissom saying how crimes always happen in rooms far far away from easy access to elevators...it doesn't make sense logically!).  our room which was around the corner of the elevators was pretty quiet and clean, but bit on the smaller size.  the bathroom had a separate shower and tub, and i have to give a major credit for its hairdryer.  it wasn't one of those small white miniature size one.  it actually was a salon size one with full blowing power!!!  the water pressure was really weak so if you are one of those who does everything in shower, you might anger your friends (i don't get people who take shower longer than 15 minutes...do you not shower every day???  what do you do in there???).  i didn't like the bed at all (too hard for me), but i think every hotel in vegas uses uncomfortable beds so the guests go out and spend their money instead of staying in their rooms.my sister, the bf and i decided to hit the pool while waiting for some friends.  the pool itself was pretty small, but there were many chaises to lounge around.  we ordered a mega size (32 oz) margarita along with some food to cool us down from the blasting heat wave.  those waitresses wearing a short mini skirt were definitely eye candies to some guys (you can see their eyes moving from one direction to another, and some obvious guys move their entire heads!!!).  i initially thought the food was overpriced, but there was a lot of food and tasted better than i had expected.after hunger's gone, thirst hits, and my sister decided to get a bottle of water.  a few minutes later, she came back with tears in her eyes...almost.  she told us how rude the bartender was (for more details, you can read this - http://www.yelp.com/user_details_review_search?userid=uVUCqySWrgIZdiJG1a6R_Q&q=paris).  i got up and went directly to the same guy, not because i wanted to revenge but i seriously needed some water (sorry, sis :)).  he didn't ask for my i.d. to talk to him nor to buy a $6 bottle of water, but he definitely wasn't a friendly guy.  honestly, it was all a blur after that 32oz margarita, and i couldn't get really angery at the guy who threw some sh*t at my sister because i am a happy drinker.  i am sure we called for the manager on duty and the sis and bf resolved the issue somehow...right in the middle of the strip, paris hotel has a prime location.  the miracle mile shopping center (old aladdin, now planet hollywood) is right next door and caesar's palace's forum is just across the street.  i didn't get to enjoy any amenities the hotel had offered except the hairdryer and pool.  although i had a great time in vegas, that memory really isn't associated with my stay at paris hotel.  our experience at the pool rather left me a sour taste and i probably won't come back to this hotel where an employee isn't property trained in customer service.  sure, it's cheaper and less luxurious than others, but if it means i have to pay more to get better services, then i will!!!
1	Stay at another hotel if you can otherwise you may end up with a rickety bathroom where a piece of duct tape is holding up a porcelain tile. On top of the loose tile, the shower was leaking water all over the floor. I guess you can't complain too much when the room is comped for your three night stay during the long weekend.The room itself was a mini-suite with a walk-in closet and was cozy. Even has a view of the top of another building... perhaps the casino floor. I was hoping we could have been given a room with a real view. The pool area was nice that it had misters strewn all around. Felt good when the heat was well over 110 degrees. However, pool was small and don't expect Hard Rock or Palms eye-candy.
4	Just came back from a 5 day stay at the Paris Hotel.  We were given a renovated room.  The room was a little on the small side compared to other Vegas hotels that I've stayed at.  Never encountered the paper thin walls experience.  We never heard people in other rooms.  The crepes were delicious!  Dined at Mon Ami Gabi, a restaurant in the hotel, and had the best french onion soup possible.  The casino was standard issue casino.  We were fortunate to be able to enjoy the Diamond Club Lounge where we enjoyed free cocktails and free appetizers daily from 4-6 pm.  Extras such as first on the shuttle to the Rio to check out the World Poker tournament was a luxury with the Diamond Card membership too.  No complaints here with that one in the 108 degree heat!  I've been to bigger and more luxurious pools, but the Paris pool does the job.  We rented an air conditioned villa by the pool for a day.  It was sweet!!!  Juice, water and soda were provided and went well with our bottle that we brought in for the day.  Much better than the fake slushy cocktails all the hotels serve. Of course the testosterone male in the group enjoyed having sports on the big flat screen tv in the villa.  I loved the misters to cool down and make it tolerable to spend an entire hot day poolside.
4	Nice quiet room, _beautiful_ bathroom, great location, no kids free means not too many families around.    $200 for a Sat $90 each for Sun and Mon.
3	Decent hotel.  Nothing fancy, but the room was quiet and comfy.  The bed was nice.  The bathroom had both a tub and a shower with plenty of water pressure.  The only knock on the room was finding a used Band-Aid on the ground when we came in for the first time.  That was kinda nasty, but other than that, all was okay as far as the room.  Not much to do/see in the hotel itself.  I trip up the tower makes for nice evening views.  Not much of  a gambling area.  Overrated (in my opinion) bakery.  The buffet is mediocre.  Nice location in the middle of the strip though.
4	We tried the $20 trick and got upgraded to a great room with a view overlooking the pool, Eifel Tower, and the Bellagio fountains. The room was really nice and beautifully decorated, with a HUGE plasma tv. I like that the shower that the adjustable massaging spray nozzles in addition to the shower head. J fell asleep waitng for me because I refused to get out of the shower... hheehee oops.My only complaint is that the bed was a little too soft to my liking. But It's centrally located and affordable so i really shouldn"t be complaining. Oh well, dissatisfaction and high expectations run in the family...
3	I took away a star because Paris took away all my money.  I just was not lucky here whatsoever.  I spent about 24 hours this weekend at the tables too.  The decor is amazing and I really felt like I was on the streets of Paris.  Everything including the sky, the streets, the shops, the food, the smells were so French.  It was also a fantastic locations, right in the heart of things.  I felt like everything was so easily accessible and very simple to get to on foot. THe pool was a blast with the eiffel tower overlooking it with great frozen drinks and pool side snacks.  The room itself was perfectly fine, no complaints.  Huge bathroom and the price was great!  We stayed from Fri- Sunday evening.  Since our flights left so late on Sunday we decided not to check out Sunday morning and keep the room til Monday.  BEST IDEA EVER.  Word of advice - if you have a late flight KEEP THE ROOM otherwise you will be raoming the casinos aimlessly with very little money...
5	I love Paris, regardless of where I am staying when in Vegas, I always find myself back at Paris.I love that face up single deck blackjack is offered here, too many casinos have gotten rid of that game.I haven't stayed in a room at Paris yet, I plan to soon though, I hear they're a bit small for the price, but it's nice to not have to walk a mile to get to a table or the strip like with some of the bigger hotels.
4	Stayed at this hotel our last night in Vegas as it is my love's birthday. We were upgraded to a suite on the 29th floor over looking the Eiffel Tower, the pools and the water show at the Bellagio. The room itself was lovely. We had a dining area, a living room with plasma TV, 2 bathrooms(one with a shower and one with a large jacuzzi tub) and a large bedroom w/plasma TV. We were totally enthralled with our room and our view, but sadly, I cannot give it 5 stars for the following reasons:-the bedding was old and getting threadbare-it kind of itched a bit at first.-the towels were also old. Not what I would expect for a suite that can go for over 3K per night.-no robes provided-light switches were strangely located and the lamp set-up near the bed was less than stellar.We ordered room service for breakfast and while some things were wonderful(they brought the requested candle in the grapefruit), most of the food was generic and not nearly as good as the breakfasts we had at the Renaissance. I would stay here again, especially in a suite overlooking everything again.
4	My husband took me here for 4 days to relax and we loved it.  We typically stay at Mandalay Bay because we love the pool area, but he took us here just to unwind and relax.  We had a suite with the view of the Bellagio water show and the strip. The room was very spacious with a very large plasma tv and jacuzzi.  Our friends came, but stayed elsewhere.  When they came to our room, they all wanted to stay with us! We had a wonderful time and we would definitely stay here again.
4	I love the rooms here! Actually, I really like the bathroom in the rooms here! So pink and so vintage. lol. I got a little lost trying to find my way inside the hotel. It's modeled to look like a string of shops along a street with the casino tables all around the windy roads. Nonetheless Paris is right on the strip and the 3 foot margarita that I picked up did me well :). The check in staff is great. My room key got demagnitized at 3am and the woman helping me just laughed and made sure my next one worked. She even sent someone up with me to make sure my door opened. In a place where drunk people wander and make pointless conversations with the staff I was VERY grateful to have her even want to help me out! I really loved the room. It's one of those rooms that I would be content with spending my whole trip in being romantic with the BF. In this instance we spent 3 hours drunk inside while he showed me how much he loved me by taking out the hairpins I had in my hair from my updo (I was a bridesmaid in a wedding while we were there). The tables aren't so bad either... I won 20! haha.
4	I stayed at Paris for 2 nights and I was very happy with the hotel.  We got our room for $98/night, which I thought was pretty reasonable since it was about 1/2 the price of a room at Bellagio.  -The location is great: directly across the street from Bellagio and right on the strip-The prices are reasonable-Huge flat screen tv-Our room was spacious enough, clean, and nicely decorated-Great smelling white tea toiletries-Bathroom has a bathtub and shower-We never had to wait longer than 5 minutes for a taxi
2	The casino area was the worst of all I encountered.  It actually smelled so bad I had to wait outside for an hour for my friends to finishing wandering around.  I dodged back in twice to check the score of the Cubs game, but basically held my breath at the gaming area the entire time.  It was pretty gross.Perusing reviews, it appears that some of the toiletries smelled nice, so I imagine if you walked around the casino with some of those shoved up to your nose, you wouldn't even notice.Outside though, I got to watch the water show at the Bellagio twice, so I was glad I could enjoy it.
4	I've stayed at quite a few hotels in Sin City.. this is one of the top 5.  We hardly left the hotel, we had breakfast and sometimes dinner at Le Petit... (at least i think  that's the name of it..) its the cute little place in the middle with the smokers inside and the non-smokers on the patio (which I appreciate as a non smoker)  Great food, not too expensive- the hotel as a whole has great atmosphere and friendly employees.. I've never been there and had a bad time.. in fact, its the first place i go when i'm in town... (partially because it has great access to the "Aladdin" ahem the desert something where FAT TUESDAYS is.. so i can get my cherry bombs!!!
3	First my review of the hotel rooms.Very clean. I like that the shower (very spacious) and tub were separate and the bathroom was much bigger than I expected.  Our friends across the hall had a great view of the pool below and the eiffel tower.  This part of my review gets 4 stars.Now my review of the villa pool rental:For $325 we got a private villa with A/C room w/ flat screen tv, table w/ 4-5 chairs, loveseat chair and coffee table, cd player, fruit basket, and a mini fridge full of water, soda, and juice.  Outside there were 5 lounge chairs and  pool floaties that the "regular" pool guess do not get.  Also there were misters that we could control from the inside of the room.  My main complaint about the villa was that it wasn't clean when we arrived.  There was a cup with a rotten lime on the ground, mysterious sticky black stuff on the floor inside, and a phlegm looking thing on the side table outside.  Also the waitresses weren't around much and was slow to come back with our drinks.  This part of the review gets 2.5 stars.  I still had a great time at the pool with my friends though because of the privacy.Now my review of the shops and cafes:I liked that everything was in in one area and easily accessible on the way to the elevators.  The food wasn't amazing in every cafe, but was good enough to hit the spot.  This gets 4 stars.Lastly my review of the casino itself:I think the gaming is very small and limited.  Not many open tables and slots.  This is one casino I don't really get lost in since the gaming area is so small.  I went to the poker room to play 3-6 limit, but there was only ONE table playing no limit.  LAME. This gets 2 stars.
4	I enjoyed my room, even if i didn't spend a whole lot of time in it, it was nice.i'd go back again, but the demographics at Paris seem to be a little out of my age range. Thus, i will try a different hotel but it doesn't mean i wouldn't ever book a room here cause i TOTALLY would! if i get a ridiculously CHEAP rate on the main love land on the strip psssshhh, lets face it, i'm not dumb enough to pass up a deal!i love big bathrooms, the tub, ohhh the tubbbb! woot woot!room service gets a spankin ass high five, really good food no matter what time it is...and really great customer service.
4	AAH Vegas, you know how I love thee! OK, now that I got that out of my system on to the review.... Paris is a nice hotel. My husband and I got great rates from our player's club promotions (finally all the money we've been dumping into these casinos is paying off!) and they really were great for being at a nice centralized strip hotel. The rooms are clean and spacious the only sucky thing is that they didn't have the little extras that some of the other hotels have....shower cap, etc. Although we did get Chocolate covered strawberries & a bottle of Champagne upon arrival & a free night....again, thanks to the players club! The casino is a good size but I wasn't doing so hot there. The buffet was good...but on the downside the rug smelled like mildew. I agree that the average age of people staying at Paris is on the more mature side (yeah when I'm in Vegas I think I'm in my twenties again, so what!!! I like to party like a rock star...not an old fart!) it is a nice place to stay, eat, maybe gamble a little, but not party. Very convenient strip location so it makes walking around to other casinos a breeze.  FYI my husband was all hyped to party at the pool & when he got there he said it blew! Oh well, if I get those great rates again I'll be back!
4	Never actually stayed here but ate the buffet here and ate at the restaurants~~really like the atmosphere~~and the drinks are awesome
4	Stayed for a single night.The room was actually decorated with quite the modern style. The room has an iHome, so bring your ipod to hook your room up with some tunes.I really enjoyed the pool as its located in the shadow of the Eiffel tower. The pool is quite large in diameter, but only 3.5 feet deep throughout.
3	Stayed here on business earlier this year. Was just OK. It took FOREVER to check-in and seemed like their check-in procedure was pretty low tech (hence the slowness). They f-ed up a delivery I needed (which was late and they had issues finding where it went in house). I didn't try and of the restaurants on site but hit up one of the cafes (forget the name but it's the one that has all the yummy pastries). It was fine but got tired of the Frenchness after a couple days:)Room itself was fine, maybe a bit better than your usual room. Overall though, the hotel left me feeling a bit blah and I wouldn't plan on staying here for a personal vacation.
3	My stay at Paris Las Vegas was pretty good. I enjoyed the casino environment quite a bit, mainly due to the high ceilings and Eiffel Tower. The quaint French atmosphere surrounding the casino (themed shop fronts, etc.) was an attractive way to bring in eye interest without a ton of flashy lights. One problem I had was how they insisted on cheesing up the place by putting "Le" in front of everything. Haha I know, I'm nitpicking, but it was so hokey!! I couldn't help but notice it everywhere.The room itself was nice and clean, though the amenities left a lot to be desired. The sheets were rough and thin, as were the towels. Definitely time to shell out some francs for new linens there, Paris.Overall it's a pleasant place to stay.
3	I am only yelping about the casino floor and the Eiffel Tower experience. I never stayed here, and by both checking the sites room pics and seeing past yelps, I am not missing much.But this place is great for gambling. I love the slots, roulette and tables. While I am not a die hard gambler, I do enjoy throwing away my money when in Vegas. This casino has a nice look to it, great worked at the tables and good choices for food when you are tired from chucking out your savings. I checked out La Creperie when I was here, and they had some good desserts to chomp on.The Eiffel Tower experience is a touristy thing, but also a nice way to see Vegas' strip from a different view. Also...isnt pretty much everything a "touristy" thing there? I did it, and liked it...it was the closest I have been to the real thing.
4	Located pretty much smack dab in the middle of the strip - this is the perfect hotel to stay at if sightseeing is your Vegas gameplan! Think about it - one day you go left from paris, the next day you go right. There. Done. You've seen the whole strip very time efficiently. The rooms are decent sized and reminded me very much of treasure island. the staff is very friendly as well! there is an amazing crepe place in the streets on paris (it really makes the perfect breakfast, lunch, or dinner).. in addition - there is the most unique wine shop right by the elevators (this is where I bought my dad a bottle of wine with the label "Fat Bastard").
2	Meh!My second stay here, but downhill from a stay 2 years ago.  Rooms are still ok, but starting to ware.My biggest complaint this trip is that I signed up on the business package, which advertised, stay 2 days and get free admission to the spa.  I only wanted to use the treadmill in the exercise room, which you have to pay for here at the rate of $25 per day.  So I figured that they would give me 2 admissions for a 4-night stay.  Wrong.  At check-in they said I could argue my case with the spa manager.  And even though two people were staying in the room, only one could be admitted under that package.  The spa manager let us both in since we only wanted to use the exercise facility in the spa, but would not accommodate the second day since they are separate from the hotel.   She said I would need to go back and argue with the hotel.  Half of the treadmills and exercise bikes were out of order.Back to the front desk where I pointed out that I could have booked 2 two day stays, checked out and checked in and gotten the two passes.  The clerk thought this was a good point.  I was kept standing at the desk for 15 minutes while the kibitzed and messed around and then decided that they would need to check with management and call my room with the results later.  The message on the phone when I returned was NO.  I was stunned given the current economy at the lack of caring for return customers.The smoke in this hotel is much greater than what I have observed at others. Also, on this trip some very, very loud band with mega-base started to play on the strip outside the hotel at 1AM and it went on until 3AM on a Thursday night, though did not occur on the other 3 nights.A plus is the central location, but there are others to try in this area as well.
4	A nice surprise on an affordable hotel. The rooms were not too big or too small, the smell of smoke not too permeating. A pal who had been here 5 years ago said it was MUCH nicer than it had been when she first visited years ago.The place is smaller than a lot of the hotels which makes getting around it easier and I love that. It's also less crowded than a lot of the other hotels on the strip...and is smack dab in the middle so that it makes walking to other hotels very easy. Have to admit that I was surprised at the decent food options in this place...seemingly better than most hotels. Check out Lenotre and Mon Ami Gabi if you visit.And super cute boutiques that aren't regular ole brand names you see every day, in the cobblestone shopping area. We had a very uneventful stay here for a short sales-conference and it was a perfect choice. If we go back for 'pleasure' , I would def consider Paris as an option. One serious negative for me is that their gym was $25 a day. Seriously, it's not that big, and $25 for what they offer is a rip. The other much larger hotels charge $25 and you get a lot more. Drop that down a bit to more realistic proportions, would'ya Paris?!
4	The Steakhouse at Paris was delicious! Fair prices for a la carte items. Sat at the bar and enjoyed the filet mignon and the whipped potatoes... an easy choice every time!I noticed that they serve 2 of the Mollydooker wines from Australia! The Boxer and Two Left Feet. Give them a try if you can find them!The bartender gets 5 stars as he told me about Cappriotis Sandwich Shop and was a Phillies fan...
4	My association held a conference here recently, which I helped to plan.  I will say that the conference staff is fantastic - very professional, eager to help, and obviously focused on giving you a great experience.  Our conference went very well - the banquet rooms are beautiful and while borderline gaudy, it is Vegas after all.The food is quite good.  I'm a big fan of French food, and while of course this wasn't exactly authentic French, the catered food was great.  The crepe shop was always packed, but I managed to get one during my stay - packed with Nutella and powdered sugar - and it was spectacular.The accomodations are very nice.  Rooms fan out in 4 hallways like a cross.  My room was a double (stayed in by myself - thank you company credit card) and it was a lovely room.  I got a good view of the mountains in the distance.  The bathrooms are beautiful - separate bath and shower, and all marble countertops.My only big gripe was the check-in.  I had a late flight in and checked in around 11 or so, and only 2 positions were open, and there were obviously a lot of people from my flight staying there, so there was quite a line.  Check-out, as I understand, was also pretty crazy (some of our attendees complained) but I checked out using the TV service, so I recommend doing that if you can.  Also, wireless internet is like $14 a day.  Yuck!Casino is decent - I really only got 1 night to myself while I was in Vegas, but the casino is spacious, with nice waitresses and lots of bars.  All in all, I recommend, but more for vacation than a conference.  The place is HUGE and so it can be a little impersonal for a conference.
3	I don't think I've ever stayed here, but I've gambled here a couple of times.  It took me a while to find a Pai Gow table since they aren't all in one area.  But I had a lot of fun.  The dealers were really nice and the people we were playing with were a blast.  I'd come here again to gamble.  :)
2	Waaaaaaay too much smoke in the Casino, yuck!And very, very low ceilings - very claustrophobic :(
4	AMAZING interior...felt like I was in a completely different space. The buffet was good...and the EIffel tower full of strawberry Margarita was yummy! Definitely a fun visit. Didn't stay here though, so not sure what that is like, however like I said, I think the interior is pretty freaking cool.
4	Pros:-Easy to navigate-Clean rooms, nice decor-Big, brilliant chandeliers-Centrally located on the Strip-Great view of Bellagio water show (well, our room had this view)-One particular bartender poured like his hand had weights attached...niceCons:-Cobblestone floors are not easy to walk on with heels & while intoxicated-It's constantly daytime in this place and unless you're from Alaska or are prone to using crack, this is a little strange at 1am.-Everything is in "French" (I use this term loosely--putting "le" or "la" in front of something does not make it French) Look, I know it's the Paris Hotel but that shit gets annoying. Can you say "le douchebaggery"?If I got a sweet room rate I'd stay there again.
3	I'm here on a business trip, compared to business class hotels this one is a bit above average. It is clean, and the interior is novel, charming at times, tacky at others. My room is OK, clean but dated interior. Expensive for what it is (though given the location, perhaps not). WiFi is a $14/day add on. TV is worthless (OK, so you don't come to Vegas to watch TV). The restaurants feature mediocre food at high prices (typical hotel food I suppose). Staff was very friendly.
3	As big as the Paris hotel is, it feels really small inside.  And I speak of the casino, because it has a large front on the strip.  Maybe it's the fact that you have a large section of the Eiffel Tower inside the casino.  Or maybe they are doing work.  I'm not sure, really, but it just felt cramped.I can't speak to the rooms, because we didn't try them.  The place was well-lit, unlike some places on the strip that make you feel like you're off in a dungeon somewhere, so that's nice.  But I'm just wondering where the heck all that space went.Even though we were in Las Vegas, I couldn't work up the guts to go up to the Tower Restaurant.  I just couldn't.
4	The Eiffel tower landed in the middle of a casino.  Strange configuration......but I LIKE it.  Everything is sooooo.....French....not that I truly like the real France or anything associated with it, cause I don't.    But this place is really cool and eeks of faux sophistication.The place is pretty good sized, but doesn't feel all that big when you're inside.  It's easy to find your way around without getting lost.  It's connected to Bally's inside, so you can wander back and forth between them if you like.We rode to the top of the tower, and the view is pretty awesome.  You can get a good idea of the actual size of the Bellagio lake when you can examine it from high above.  The view is not as impressive as the view from the Stratosphere tower when it's dark, but still not to be missed.Le Village Buffet was pretty tasty, but not as much selection as Bellagio.  I think Bellagio's buffet is better.There's also easy ingress and egress from the strip.  We never pass up an opportunity to stop in.
4	Excellent rooms (especially if you are comped!).  Plenty of space, even in the bathrooms for 2 people to get ready for a night out.  Beds were comfy.  On a business trip I would pay $150-180 for a room like this with the location.Gambling wise, it is pretty much the same as the rest of the strip.  In my book that means expensive.  I  know I'm not a big spender, but I take about $3-400 for my bankroll for a trip, and I like a $5 craps table or a $5 black jack table so I can make the fun last.  For gambling I recommend going downtown.The food seems to have gone down a bit.  When we came in April the buffet was great.  Now it seems just about average, although it did look like they were having an off night, and there didn't appear to be a manager on duty.
4	The Paris Hotel.Paris, by Hilton.  Hilton, Paris.So.. when they say, "Everything is sexier in Paris" I giggle like a schoolgirl.  I like this place.... it is stupid... because it *isn't* Paris.  But they pretend, so you try and pretend....and some people really believe it's Paris. They pretend they are actually there.I dunno about any of that, but I dig the quaint, PArisian theme and fun time Eiffel Tower replica and the decent restaurant.It isn't somewhere I would stay long term or for any reason.... but it is always cute to stroll through or around.
4	I have stayed at Paris Las vegas a million times. I am a diamond status player and the rooms are comped. The rooms are very nice a little small compared to any new mega resorts such as wynn or belagio. I love all hotels that have separet shower and tub which paris does have. If you get a remodeled room they have a 42 inch flat screen tv and new beds and decor real nice. Also their parking is good and access is nice from the strip which i feel is very important in a casino. If you have ever been to Planet Hollywood casino you will know what i mean. no strip access with car  you must go to the back street and it's a million mile walk cause you have to go thru the shopping center. The only reason Paris does not get five stars is the fact that their gambling limits on tables have gone up and most all their restaurants are too pricey and not very good. Even the buffet is over priced and tasteless.  Only place worth trying is the French Pastry shop, ya its expensive but worth trying just once. They look like work of art. The best thing about vegas is that if you have access to a car, there are million restaurants outside of the strip that are unbelievable and cheap.
4	i hate you, stupid sports book.no, i'm sorry.  i didn't mean that.  really.  i promise.  i'll be back, with lots and lots more money.  i'll even buy crepes next time i'm here.  and i'll eat at the burger place again.  we love the burger place.  i've never had pancetta before.  please, don't walk away...le sigh.  i love you.
4	pretty good steak.
4	hotel itself is relatively new so, it is very clean and non-smokey...even in the casino area of the hotel.  it's centrally located and has very convenient access in/out.  our elevators to the room were relatively close to the front doors unlike caesars where you could walk for days and get lost before finding the right doors...as sarah t mentioned, the floors are a little hard to walk on with heels...especially my louboutin stripper heels...designed only to look cute...just walkable out the hotel,  to the car (valet of course) and then to the restaurant =)there are nicer hotels on the strip, but for the price, location, and convenience...i will be back
3	Interesting observation: the mini-fridge has a disposable camera and a charger in it.  I thought that was cool, but if I wanted those things, the last place I'd look would be the mini-fridge, so it seems rather counter-intuitive.  I mean, really...who goes, "man, I forgot my camera, let's see if there's one in the fridge!!"??  NO ONE!!!  Like I said, it's cool that it's in there, but it was totally a fluke that I saw it.Didn't get a remodeled room, but it was fairly nice all the same.  Liked the separate shower and bath, although I only used the shower section. My friend got the room at an amazing rate, so there really wasn't anything to complain about.Oh!  Except for the long round pillow thing.  What the heck are you supposed to do with that??  It looks nice and everything, but it's totally in the way when you go to sleep, unless you really need to create some sort of safety barrier between you and that random guy you picked up on the strip.  But if he's already in your bed, I doubt you're gonna use it.  So it ends up just being thrown on the floor.  Totally awkward.  Totally dirty.  Blah.
1	This casino totally ripped me off. I strolled over there with friends for a two glass o' wine lunch.  Afterward, we walked out and there were all these vending machines where you put money in and more money is supposed to come out.  Welp, none came out. I did get a free drink from it. But that free drink cost me $45. WTF?
5	Casinos are famous for trying to distort your sense of time so you'll end up spending hours blowing your money. This casino does an excellent job of that because, well, the ceilings are painted to look like the sky. It is perpetually 2pm at this casino.  +1 to the bartender who kept comping drinks. I got three vodka tonics and only lost 5 dollars in 30 minutes of video poker.  +1 for the tasty breakfast at Le Cafe
2	Facilities were clean, but beds were not comfortable at all and were squeeky. Overall a decent stay, but lots of hotels I would choose over this one. Decently located, beside Miracle Mile shops.Concierge staff were very good though. If we never got the rooms for free, I'd likely have stayed somewhere else.
4	Okay...so I really want to say 5 stars just because of our view from our room...but does that intrensically mean it deserves 5 stars?!?!? hrmm no...so I'll give one extra star just for the view of the bellagio water show that we could watch all night, and then the pool people we could spy on all night, and the tower which glowed so well at night! Our room was really nice..bed was super cozy and had amazing pillows! decorated very classy, and we got some really great rest in that room!bathroom was nothing special...tub was just a tub...the vanity and decor was she-she however, and totally had that European flare I was craving!I love how the elevator had Edith Piaf music playing!didn't like:-the first night (a friday) we didnt get the king bed we reserved, we got stuck with queen beds....but they made up for the following two nights! we also got a special package that included breakfast and an afternoon snack (I think it was like an extra 20 bucks?) anyway...it was kinda worth it because of the drinks, and we did actually eat there for breakfast to take advantage of the fruit...but then we went down to the little cafe outside the elevators to get a croissont because they are super awesome there!!also most of the cheaper end food places in the hotel suck...so just go to Mon Ami Gabi for sat/ sun breakfast cuz it really amazing!!
3	To many better chioces out there.. Concierge is so so....room so so...casino so so
3	A friend and I were talking recently and I mentioned that I missed Paris and want so badly to go back when I return to Europe.  She said I looked like I would love France and that I was probably an elitist.  I'm no elitist, nor am I a francophile, but the fact that I use those words might point to the fact that I a bit of a culture snob.In spite of that, I have a special place in my heart for the tackiest place on earth, Las Vegas.  And when I go to Las Vegas, I absolutely must go to Paris.  Now I don't gamble.  I hate smoke.  I like drinking in groups, not from the tray of a waitress while I'm trying to roll a seven at the crap table.  And yet I love Paris because of the things that don't involve the casino.On a sunny day, there's nothing more fun than sitting out at Mon Ami Gabi, the restaurant that is street level on the strip side.  You get the best view of the Bellagio water fountain show that isn't from a Bellagio hotel room.Le Village Buffet is one of my favorite buffets in town.  It's not the biggest or the best, but the price is mid-range, the food is good, and it's clean.JJ's Boulangerie is the place where my diet dies.  They have somehing called a caramel choux, which is pastry made of the same bread that they use for cream puffs, filled with vanilla custard, and a hard, clear caramel top.  I once bought that with a banana tart, which is a regular tart shell filled with a thick chocolate filling and topped with caramelized banana chunks.  I got them to go early one morning, returned to my room in the hotel, and my Dad watched me sit down to two desserts for breakfast.  My dad looked worried and said, "I don't want you to get offended, but diabetes runs in my family."  I almost cried because I knew that was my Dad's way of saying I love you.  "I get it Dad.  Thanks, I'll be more careful."  Then I finished off my desserts because hey, it's Las Vegas.  You're supposed to indulge.Finally, I loved visiting the Eiffel Tower Restaurant.  I went during the day, before they were open. The maitre d' saw me and before I could flee (I hate making people go out of their way) he called me in.  He then took me on a tour of the restaurant, told me the best time to come to watch the for sunset, and said he'd save me the table with the best view of the Bellagio fountains.  He was unbelievably nice.  I went later that year and they started giving tours to tourists, showing us the dining room, the kitchen and letting us check out the view.  My family seemed really impressed that they'd go out of their way.As for the casino, I like the outdoorsy theme, which is rare for a casino.  Definitely one of my faves.
4	This hotel is so lovely, from the moment you enter the lobby. This is one of my favorite hotels on the Vegas strip. Just the feel of the envoriment made me never want to leave. It's just so cute and cozy and The little cafes were great. Also it's connects to Bally's which was convenient. The room was okay, not the best I've seen in Vegas, but the view was good and I would love to stay there again.
4	I had heard the word on the street that this hotel/casino is a "lower class" of Vegas hotel/casino, and I arrived prepared.  I don't go to Vegas all that often, and sure, it's not Wynn, the Bellagio, or the Venetian, but as hotels objectively go, the room (the Red Room) was very nice - tastefully and modernly decorated, not too theme-y, with a nice huge bathroom, comfortable beds and pillows, and shades that effectively cut out the light for sleeping off a late night (more like early morning).  My only complaint about the room?  No HBO.  But who stays in the room anyway?  (Maaaaybe people trying to watch a particular boxing match, ahem...but it worked out okay.)   Everyone who worked here was very nice and helpful, particularly the concierge and the maid staff that left us undisturbed until the mid-afternoon when we finally managed to roll out of bed.  The casino was pretty nice too.  Yeah, there's nicer (sorry, no gold statues or taffeta chandeliers), and I did think it was a bit weird to be changing out the machines on a Saturday night, but it's clean, pleasantly and cheerfully decorated and has fun games.  And a centrally-located bar, if you can't wait for the waitress to make the rounds.  Middle of the road, and very enjoyable.  The icing on the cake?  There is a twenty-four-hour cafe that serves a really good croissant, and a friendly waiter will box one up for you with love as you stagger up to your hotel room at an indecent hour.And yes, I have been to Paris, France, and yes, this is the cartoon version of Paris, France, but c'mon people, it's Las Vegas!  It's supposed to be over-the-top and ridiculous!!
5	I come here when it was new.  The shower was awesome with the hot tub.  We had a fancy room, they hook us up.  We had  nice view overlooking the Vegas strip.  It was beautiful.
3	I was lucky to get a room facing on the 26th floor with views overlooking the front: had a view of the tower right outside the window and I was able to watch the water show from Bellagio. The room I stayed in was modernly decorated and very spacious. The bed was comfy but the pillows were too soft for me. I didnt like the casino very much because they didnt have a lot of variety- i think they only had 2 tables for 3 card poker and it was always packed! =/ Paris is also connected to Bally's, Ceasars, Bellagio and some other hotels that are all walking distance so it is very convenient.
4	Romantic as it gets....great bed, and amazing bathroom with sexy shower/tub combination.  Awesome mini fridge but expensive.
4	Stayed there 1/29 - 2/1 2009. It was better than I expected. Perfect mid-strip location, friendly staff. I like the smallish gaming floor. The rooms were perfectly fine. I really have nothing bad to say about it, except I know there are hotels nearby that are even more amazing, like the Wynn or Bellagio.
4	Someone needs to tell the interior designers of this place to go back to design school. Who the hell puts a dresser in the middle of the room?!Besides that minor flaw, I always enjoy my stays here at Paris. One of my friends has the hook up here so this is our official residence for our annual Vegas trips. I think the distance from the front doors to the hotel elevators is really short and therefore convenient when you need to:1. use the bathroom for #1 or #2 or puke 2. pass out on the bed after a long night of partying On our recent trip, we had a semi suite. We had a foyer (perfect place to put a roll away) and a wet bar. There were 2 bathrooms; one with a shower and one with a huge jacuzzi. The dresser in the middle of the room mentioned earlier housed the TV. When I opened the dresser, I assumed the TV was a flat screen and was able to rotate so you can watch TV in the sitting area. Not the case; still had a big ol clunky set.The location on the strip is smack dab in the middle so everything is easily accessible. You can catch the Bellagio show across the street. PH is right next door and Ceasar's is pretty close. The staff is really helpful; one of the cleaning staff noticed I kept leaving the room to get ice to fill up the sink for our liqs and decided to give me a plastic so I can make less trips. Good place to stay in Vegas.
3	I stayed at the Paris last weekend with a group of girls. The room was a pretty good size and nicely decorated and the beds were comfy. We were able to get an early check-in and late check-out, the housekeeping staff was also very accomodating and brought us extra blankets, pillows, and towels quickly. I thought it was a fabulous location as well...especially for the price. We spent a day in the spa that was definitely worth the price. It's not the most luxurious spa, but it was much less expensive than most of the hotel spas on the strip. I had a fantastic deep tissue massage (!!!) and we spent the afternoon lounging around sipping tea and juice.
5	My review is only for the casino, I didn't stay at the hotel. This was my favorite casino to be in, the most beautiful of the others I'd seen. And excellent decor - come on people, it's Vegas...it's going to be a little (okay a lot) cheesy!Not to mention I was proposed to at the top of the Eiffel Tower and married three hours later :)
5	Been to vegas quite a few times, first time to Paris. Rooms were really nice, atmosphere was good, layed back, older crowd. The  Mona Mi restaurant is a must, if you like Filet Minot. Get a table outside if it is nice and you can watch the water show across the street.
4	I loved Paris Las Vegas.Didn't eat, drink, gamble, or stay there.  Just walked through to check the place out. And it was amazing. Absolutely gorgeous.The ceiling of the casino is painted like a sky, giving it a different feel from every other casino I was in.Like NY-NY, the inside of the casino is as themed as the outside - restaurants and shops sit along Parisian streets, all under the blue sky that is the ceiling casino.There is an elevator you're invited to ride as soon as you enter the casino.  It takes you up within the Eiffel Tower, letting you out in a kitchen scene right out of Ratatouille.  Walk around the corner and you're in the most gorgeous restaurant I saw in Vegas, looking out over the best views of the city.  Didn't see a menu, but I imagine it was priced to match.Never got a chance to eat anywhere in Paris, though I wanted to... I thought I saw a relatively inexpensive place with brick oven pizza (I love anything ovened with brick) as well as a crepe place that unfortunately didn't have anything that really piqued my interest, but even so, I can always go for a crepe.Anyway, cool looking inside and out, definitely pop into Paris while you're in town.  Next time I may try staying here and see if the theme runs to bidets in the bathrooms.
4	I guess I can be review #200 for Paris Las Vegas!!! Do I get complimentary rooms or something? If I do, will the owner please message me asap so I can hurry on back to Sin City! One thing I love about Paris is it makes you feel like your outside when your in the casino area! When you look up, you would have thought you were standing outside because the ceilings are sky blue and designed nicely. The replica Eiffel Tower is a thing of beauty at night. I still need to take the gf up the Eiffel Tower one of these days when I come back. It is pretty cheap to take the ride up the Eiffel Tower. Look for coupons and save yourself some gambling money! The rooms were simply everything one could ask for as they were very comfortable and spacious. Dont touch the fridge of goodies now, you dont want to pay $8 for a Gatorade do you!!?? Paris Las Vegas is also conveniently located right next to a shopping mall! The best Urban Outfitters is right next door and it is huge! (only because I found stuff I actually liked at this one)I really enjoyed my stay at Paris Las Vegas!
5	Another one of my favorite places to play!  I've been pretty lucky at the tables of Paris!  BJ, baby, that's my game!!  Very relaxing casino setup with the high ceilings, painted blue sky and clouds, makes ya feel that much closer to floating away after a few drinks!  Dealers are hit and miss but I do remember chatting it up with a few awesome dealers, makes taking my $$ a little less painful!  The surrounding restaurants and shops are cool too!
2	Paris used to be my favorite hotel in Vegas and was always my first choice for both lodging and gambling.  The first time I stayed at Paris was in 2005 and I got their romance package.  The package was great, the room was clean and well-appointed, the service was excellent, the casino employees were fun and outgoing and the restaurants were very good.  I was really excited - I'd found a new "home."I've stayed there several times since then and, unfortunately, each visit saw the place deteriorate a little bit more.  The last time I went - early 2008, the rooms were old and tired-looking, the hallways and common areas looked run-down, the casino had lost some of its luster and the food had definitely stepped down a notch.  The staff was still very friendly and some of the same dealers from my first visit were still there and remembered me.It's so sad when someplace that was as obviously quality as Paris was starts to get run-down.  I'm not sure what they can do to prevent it; however, they need to do something to turn it around before they're pushed down the list to the same status as Flamingo.There's a lot of potential here, but not much delivery anymore.
4	This casino is one of my favorite to gamble in...(great dealers, beautiful venue, kind of feels like you're outside, airy)Suites are awesome... Rooms are average...Street image is fantastic...Pool is pretty nice... Not usually where I'll stay but I'll be back to gamble!!!
3	The Good:*Great center strip location*"Cute"  French theme if you're into that sort of thing*Decent "value" hotel (I've seen rates as low as $59/night on sundays)*Decent dining options (mon ami gabi, crepes, etc)The Bad:*Beds were as hard as a rock*Rooms were nothing special*Rudest roulette dealers I've ever encountered*Parking is very inconvenient - a pain to get to while driving and then a far walk to your car every time
4	I recently stayed here for the first time and liked it quite a bit.  I stayed in a suite which was so beautiful.  The casino's ceilings were painted like a sky on a summer day which added a lot to the ambience.  The shops were just blah.  There were a lot more restaurants than shops which is fine if you're in the mood to eat.  I was looking to shop so I turned around pretty quickly.  There's a mall right across the street called the Miracle Mall Shops, which has a lot of variety of stores.  The food in the room service department was awesome.  Order something that has lots of fries as a side dish.  Trust me.  It's not my favorite hotel on the strip but I did like it.
4	You know what Paris Las Vegas reminds me of? No, not its namesake ...not Gene Kelly and Leslie Caron dancing along the Seine ...not Audrey Hepburn doing a fashion shoot for Fred Astaire. I think of - get this - "Xanadu", that circa-1980 roller disco place that coincidentally a much older Gene Kelly opened so that Olivia Newton-John could wear glitter spandex and sing with her armpits exposed. Yes, it has that same excessive, Disneyesque silliness but without the roller skaters with the fluorescent headbands. Instead, we have a condensed, miniaturized recreation of Paris' landmarks. But the irony is that it's a pretty nice hotel if you can get past the expansive casino with the waitresses in their push-up bras and mini-tuxedos. The discounted $100 per night room Jamie W. and I had was clean and showed surprisingly little wear for ten years. The elevators, however, show signs of a few too many revelers' enthusiastic head-banging antics. Note the chipped mirrors at eye-level. But you can still stroll under the faux-blue skies of the faux-boulevards where faux-Parisian bistros, creperies and patisseries. The other thing to consider about Paris Las Vegas is its central location along the Strip - just across from those dancing fountains in front of the Bellagio, down the block from all those useless Miracle Mile shops in the Planet Hollywood hotel, and prominent enough to have its own monorail stop. All good reasons to have the definitive Vegas experience here. But now you must excuse me as I join my sister muses and turn into a ray of animated light to get back to Olympus..."Now that I'm here ...Now that you're near in Xanadu ...Now that I'm here ...Now that you're near in Xanadu ...Xanadu!"
3	My cousin won big.  Call it logic or luck.  I like to think it was because we talked up the dealer.  The roulette dealer (one who happened to be named Jose) was a hoot.  We humored him with chants of, "Ho-say Ho-say Ho-say Ho-saaaay...  Ho-saaay...  HOoo-saaay.."  to the tune of "iOle! (tilde on the 'e')" that most soccer fans chant when their team wins.  Aaahh..  EuroCup '08 in Barcelona how I miss you.  Sorry I daydreamed there for a bit.  Paris.  Paris in Las Vegas.  Not France.Comforters were all less-than-fluffy white, which made it seem like there wasn't much thought put into their interior decorating.  The cabinet and wall colors were drab.  The pillows were also mismatched in softness and size.I can hear what's going on:-Outside our closed door-Above us from the girls yelling through the ceiling (their floor) but they didn't realize it-In the bathroom when someone's tinkling or doing you know what - Droppin' a deuce!So much for privacy.  Their housekeepers are gracious though and usually greet us with warm smiles and carts full of fresh towels. Their room keys are tongue-in-cheek brilliant.  So there's a pair of cards - a Queen of Hearts and a Jack of Spades.   ...You'll have to see it.  Maybe I can post a picture of it.  Or not.The pool's cool.  Wish it could be like Bellagio's, but a large round shape does the job.  Speaking of which, flanked by Planet Hollywood to the south and Bellagio across the street, it seems to be in a fantastic spot on the strip.  It was also convenient to just go downstairs and head to the tables or grab a bite to eat.I like the faux sacre Bleu! skies painted through le streets, but am weirded out by the awkwardness of the four legs of the Eiffel Tower jutting through the ceiling in the casino.  Eh.  I guess it helps gamblers realize where they are.  All casinos can begin to look the same after so many drinks.Ironing board was dirty and about to fall apart.  At least the iron was working.We ran out of toilet paper quickly.  They only supplied us with one roll?!  I bite my thumb and flick it in their general direction!  Then again maybe I shouldn't.Our view of the backend of the hotel towards Koval or Flamingo Ave wasn't stellar.  Then again, we only need a place to crash and freshen up when in Vegas and it sufficed.  Factor in the comped room through my cousin and overall, I'd say it was a decent stay.
2	what a dump
2	I stayed at the older room this time, which hadn't been renovated and still had the small 32" TV.  The bed was so uncomfortable that my back was so stiff when I got up in the morning.  The comforter was also very thin and I got cold at night.  I asked the housekeeping for an extra blanket the next day.  But when I got back to my room at night, there was no blanket!!!  I called the housekeeping again and was told that they were out of blankets and were expecting a shipment but didn't know when it would arrive.  WTH?????  It was already 10:30pm!!!  What kind of cheap hotel is this that you can't get an extra blanket?  There should have been an extra one in the room to begin with!!!!  I had to crank up the heater which totally dried up my airway in the morning.  If you must stay here, be sure to book the RED room.  Those are the renovated rooms with modern deco and big flat screen TV and nice comfy bed(s).
2	Since when do you sit at a $10 blackjack table and they change the stakes to $15?  OK, that happens.  But, don't they "grandfather you in" for the $10 for at least an hour?  How about one minute?  Get your bets in!!!  Get my butt out!!!  Bad Form.....
3	Well we recently were married in the chapel here at the Paris. I must say that everyone who was part of the ceremony was amazing. The planner was extremely helpful, and she was full of great recommendations etc. . Now the rooms on the other hand, really not impressive. I cant speak for the new renovated rooms but if you are looking for something impressive, its not here. I just think they can do so much more with this theme. When you really start to look around you realize that they are in need for a good face lift. My advise is if you are staying here because you got a great rate, awesome. If you want it to be something special, look elsewhere. :)
3	Where else can you visit the Eiffel Tower without having to go all the way to Paris!? Well..Las Vegas. Overall, not a bad hotel to stay at and the prices are pretty decent when compared to other properties on the strip.Convenient location towards the center of the Strip, giving you pretty easy access to visit the south end (Mandalay Bay, MGM, Etc), right next door to the Bellagio/Caesars/Forum shops, and fairly easy access to the north end (Venetian/TreasureIsland/Wynn/Fashion Show Mall). Rooms are not that impressive, but offer a good place to sleep, rest, and relax. They are decently outfitted and offer a decent bang for your buck.The staff are ok. I don't know if I expected the rudeness (considering it's Paris) but it wasn't bad overall.Considering their room rates and location, not a bad place to stay at!
3	All in all I would say that this place was charming. We upgraded our room and had a spectacular view of the Eiffel tower, the pool, and the Bellagio fountains. There were plenty of elevators in this place, and they went quite fast. The food was OK. Casino was small, but that's OK, I won $1000 there. The room was fine, except the bed was uncomfortable and the linens were very rough. I swear I cut up my elbows changing positions in this bed. Internet was an extra $15 A DAY. It is in a good place, too. Kind of in the middle of everything.  And a great place to be is Napoleon's.  At night there is a dueling piano show there that is a good time.
4	A TASTE OF PARIS IN LAS VEGAS                                                              . | .                                                              | | |                                                              | | |                                                              | | |                                                              | | |                                                             j _ I                                                           . ) _ ( .                                                          | = = = |                                                        /______\                                                      / /______\ \                                                    /==========\                                                  /  .   -  "  "   "    -  . \                                                 |__|                  |__|                                   O                  ~O                                     /|\                    /|\                                   / \                    / \  \                               /                                 \                                  /                                     \That gondola ride was sweet huh?      \Here we are babe! PARIS!                       OH HELL NO! ... cheap muhfugga!...hey, where you goin?                                 Voulez vous couchez avec moi ce soir?!?! (translation: I hella needa git laid with ya tonight babe, please?)                    P.S. That dude is SO not meP.P.S.S. The buffet at Paris Ca$ino is $excellent.
4	Nothing too bad to say:Fun time.Good pool area.Room was nice.Staff was friendly enough.Dealers were cool.Harrah's owned so I added to my Total Rewards.Centrally located.Only one bad bartender in sports bar who didn't want to serve me because I wasn't betting max on EVERY hand.  Told me that I was in Vegas like I was some back woods hick who ventured out into the big city.
4	Maybe my standards are low, but Paris was better than I expected after reading the reviews. For God's sake people, who cares if the effing bedspreads are too flowery for your taste? Anyway, the room was clean, housekeeping was very nice and traded out our towels in a jiffy, the lady from check in, bartenders, cocktail servers- everyone was friendly and efficient. It's a little over the top, but you're in Vegas, not El Centro. I would stay here again.
3	A really cool place to see when in Vegas.  Walking through the casino is amazing!  The half scale replica of the Eiffel Tower is really cool too.I only gave it 3 stars (really like 3.5) cause the hotel rooms weren't anything special.  Cleanliness was great, and the staff was really friendly and for the most part.  Everything was really expensive however, 3 dollars for a 16oz cup of coffee, 12 dollar sandwiches, etc.  One thing that is really annoying is they have marble floors in the bathrooms, it makes ridiculously slippery, and getting out of the shower you have to be careful not to fall and break your neck.  As far as the casinos go, prompt cocktail waitresses, and friendly dealers.  Mostly 10 dollar minimum tables, so if you're going to Vegas on a budget, stick to the free walk through and have a good look around because like I said, it's amazing!
3	this is a review of the le grande buffet - it was good, and the line was long. id say, for the amount of money i paid for it (30 something bucks), it was somewhat worth it. but really - for a 30 dollar dinner, i expect SERVICE.  (yeah yeah, i went to a buffet, i expect almost no service)what irrititates me is the fact that the sushi in this buffet is a JOKE. if you are hankering for some sushi, dont go here (you are better off somewhere else) but the carved meat was good, the crab legs was good and the desserts wasnt anything to write home about.if someone could tell me that eating 7.99 prime rib is good in LV, i would go. do i wanna go back in this buffet? maybe not. there are other places in LV that need to entertain my tastebuds.
3	Not as lavish as the Venetian or as kitschy as New York, New York, Paris falls right in the middle, maintaining a balance of cheesiness and elegance that works surprisingly well.The obvious highlight is the massive Eiffel Tower replica that you can dine inside.  The bottom legs of the statue continue through the casino, and make a striking appearance on the casino floor.  The floor itself is worth mentioning because it is definitely one of the nicer floors.  It has a "real sky" ceiling similar to The Venetian's mall but this spreads over the entire casino.  It contains just the right amount of flourishes to live up to its name and not make you feel like you'll run into Mickey and Goofy around the corner.
3	I was excited about staying at Paris because I found a really good deal on our stay and it's right smack in the middle of the strip.  The rooms were ok, nothing special.  The drain for the shower was clogged so that was annoying.  One thing that they didn't have that I thought was an essential was a coffee maker.  One thing I liked about the hotel was their swimming pool.  Although nobody really swam in it, it was a nice area to just hang out.  I'd happily stay here again if I found a great on it, but if I had to pay $200/night, I'd be extremely disappointed!
3	I stayed here recently and only because we got a decent deal from an acquaintance. The rooms looked pretty decent but like someone said no comforter. These rooms are like 200 bucks without a deal. Methinks you would get some kind of blanket. No coffeemaker; No free internet or internet station and no free gym!! Man, I was surprised that I had some shampoo since they stiffed me on some essentials. The gym is like 25 bucks a day! I would rather walk down the strip and lose 25 through gambling. It's a nice place to walk through and I enjoyed that it connected to Ballys and it's smack dab in the middle of the strip. However, I was thinking they would give us some coupons for some places within the hotel. All the coupons went to other hotels they are affiliated with like Rio. We did get a coupon for Carnival Buffet in Rio so that's cool. I still had fun because of the strip location but I won't stay here without some sort of deal... that's ridiculous for what we get....
4	I stayed here for the first night of a 3 day tradeshow I was working at Caesars. (caesars was overbooked)The line to check in was rediculous. I was not happy, hello peeps?!...Can't you see VIP in the house?!I got checked in and was told I was given a complimentary upgrade to a suite. Finally somebody recognized who they were dealing with!! (actually prob had more to do with the fact that they didn't have my requested room avail in regular rooms-king No smoking-and that I looked like I could be really evil if I didn't get what I wanted)The suite was huge! Bathroom as big as my bedroom at home. I had a  in room office, fax, my own phone number etc. I was feeling the upgrade. AC worked dandy and bed was comfy enough with nice fluffy pillows.Only thing that gave it minus a star was again the line (i was in line for 45mins + just STUPID!!) and NO poker room. I live for poker so that was a major bummer.Otherwise great value and nice rooms.
2	not much to this place. the only thing good is the location. it's in the middle of the strip. they do have a bomb French bakery in there. that's about it. they have good rates. good place to stay if you're looking for a decent deal and to be close to all the action. the room itself is pretty basic nothing to rave about.
3	This place was pretty cool. I mean it has the painted ceilings like all the other casinos with clouds. It does have a really good selection of French restaurants. That is the strong point about this casino is the restaurants.
4	It just so happens that every time I have to go to Vegas for work, I end up staying at the Paris.  So I've stayed here about 5x.  Service is great, the people at the check in counter are really nice despite having to deal with irate travelers all the time.  Once I had to stay a full week (Sunday-Sunday) for a convention - the lady checking me in noticed and said "aw no, we can't have you staying in this room all week!" and she upgraded me free of charge to an awesome corner room overlooking the Bellagio fountains.Inside the actual casino is really nice, it feels like it's early evening no matter what time you walk through because of the lighting and the way it's decorated, not to mention the oxygen they pump through :)Rooms - I have zero complaints about the rooms - every room I've stayed in has been really nice.  They have AWESOME bathrooms, some bathrooms I've had are nicer than the ones in my apartment!  I'm not a big fan of their toiletries though, for such a nice hotel, it'd be nice if they could get a name brand for their toiletries.Pool - great view up there, look up and you see the Eiffel Tower.  It's a really small pool though, a lot of the other hotels have much bigger pools.Another complaint is that their gym costs $25 a day!!!  Like I said, I've mainly stayed at the Paris when I'm in town so I'm assuming other hotels are comparable, but $25 a day just so I can run on the treadmill for 30 minutes is unreasonable.  Why don't you just run outside, you ask?  Because it's 120 F-ing degrees outside, that's why.  Food - It's Vegas - all the food is good.  Eiffel Tower is one expensive MoFoing restaurant, but it's really tasty.  Make sure to make reservations beforehand, or you won't get in.  Never a bad meal at Mon Ami Gabi, if it's nice out, sit outside for awesome people watching, or at one of the tables inside facing the fountains.  Great steaks here.  One of my favorites for a "cheaper" meal is Le Burger Brasserie that's in the shopping area right in between Paris and Bally's.  It's got a sports bar feel, but kind of classy at the same time.  My coworkers loved the girls in the skimpy outfits.  Awesome burgers and fries, and they serve the onion rings in a pyramid.
3	I have a lot of mixed feelings about this hotel... it's a nice place with ambiance, reasonably priced with a great location on the strip. But it's also cheesy and the customer service is touch and go.We stayed for one night [stayed with friends off the strip for the rest of our trip] and when I booked the room online, my friend and travel partner called the hotel to check what kind of pillows they use. She's very allergic to goose down feathers, and they told her that those types of pillows were only provided upon request. When we checked in, she asked the front desk person the same thing and got the same answer. So we got into our room, changed and immediately went out to the strip for a few hours. When we got back for the night, my friend got into bed to relax and noticed ALL the pillows [except for the decorative pillows] contained goose down feathers. Not only that, but it took an attendant over an hour to remove the pillows from the room and replace them. We had planned on sending a strongly worded email to the higher-ups at Harrah's, but I found out our $90 room service breakfast and all of our pool drinks were comped. We figured that was fair enough.We stayed in the red room; it was quite nice, on the 26th floor with a decent view of Bally's, the Wynn and the Encore. I loved the bathroom - full-length mirror on the door, double sinks and a separate bathtub. The beds could have been more comfortable with more blankets though. And the air in the rooms was even more dry than the air outside. The pool was also a lot smaller than I expected. Most Vegas resorts have bigger pools and often more than one, but they only had the one and it was a weird round shape. The water was also quite cold, even for Vegas in late May. Poolside service was good though, very prompt and they service nice big drinks in souvenir cups.The crepe place was amazing - it was in an awkward location, but it didn't really matter because the food was super yummy. And don't bother with the giant souvenir Eiffel Tower drinks - they put a lot of cheap tequila in them and they're awkward and difficult to carry. I would probably stay here again, because of the location or price, but only if I couldn't afford something better.
3	Only three stars because of the lack of luck in the casino. I thought at least 1 person would hit a little luck but none. The rooms were very nice and the room service food was average at best. The walkways throughout the casino floor and main drag in the hotel are quite narrow. The floors are concrete and slightly uneven which can be a hazard. I am staying at MGM Grand next visit. It is a HUGE hotel that is wide open. PS - DON'T bring your kids to Vegas please.
2	The check in process here was absurd and the customer service at the front desk was absurdly stupid.  I had to stand in line 4 times to get 3 rooms that I had prepaid for and booked through Expedia for a Bachelorette Party.  The line was long and the rooms weren't ready.  They never told me until I stood in line the second time that I needed my id and 2 other friends from the 2 other rooms with me to get the keys (they were there the first time....and the third and the fourth).  The manager and front desk could not have been less helpful in making my stay great.  Someone also had a caddy shack moment, closing the pool for a biohazard for one day I was there.  We had to shlup over to Bally's small pool, which is horrible.  Only saving grace for the Paris on this stay was the Mandara Spa - ahhhh, I love the spa.  They are helpful in there, although pricey and make you pay to use the gym.  But, it was clean, friendly, and they have nice tea, water, and apples for you post-workout and steam room.  Now, if only I could fix the customer service people at the front desk....
4	I like the Paris - the energy is good, decor is nice, and casino fun. The rooms are small, but decorated nicely. I would call it the top tier of the middle-class hotels in Vegas.
1	Our party ended up staying at Paris in Vegas over July 4th...it was a fun, nice place (great pool).  However, we all noticed bite marks on our legs and extremities.  We notified the front desk, to which they did nothing. At checkout, we again complained, and they sent their house EMT up to our room to check it out.  No word on whatever happened on this... As I was leaving the hotel, I told a dealer about the incident, and he said on the local TV news that he saw  a story titled "Vegas infested with Bed Bugs".  Great.  These critters can get in your luggage and come home with you...and infest your HOUSE!  Ugh. Upon an email to the hotel manager, they assured me that it was 'detergent' (ummm, I get bite marks/scabs from detergent?  Wow).  I mentioned the TV news story, to which they had nothing to say, other than to deny any bed bugs whatsoever.  Thus, I won't be staying at Paris anytime soon....
4	With the exception of a couple of things, I think this is a top notch hotel. Service, cleanliness, and jus a ton of options make it fun,  The rooms, well at least mine, was spotless. It lacked a good view, but I can't complain because of the price.  Lots of shops n small to large eateries/restaurants. There's even an Irish pub. The Mon Ami Gabi is damn good(see review) at really reasonable prices and it has a patio overlooking LV. blvd.  One thing I noticed was when you're at the bar playing the video poker games, they don't comp drinks.  Also, the bar near the hotel registration lags. Bartender was too busy chattin with a server so I had to wait for my drink. Almost walked away. Overall: Worth a stay!
4	Good experience, fantastic value.We recently stayed at Paris Las Vegas for 4 nights.  We booked this trip almost four months in advance - and accordingly - got fantastic deals on the airfare and the room.  We booked through Orbitz - without incident.We arrived at the hotel for check-in around 11:30 at night.  Despite other cranky customers - our check-in experience was a good one.  We were quickly helped - and given a free upgrade to a very nice suite.  We were immediately impressed that they hooked us up - even though we'd clearly paid bottom dollar on Orbitz.The suite was very nice.  We didn't get the nice view of the bellagio - but we didn't pay for the view - so I can't really complain.  Given what we paid - the value was just incredible.  Our suite had a jacuzzi, HUUUUGE closet, nice furniture and an amazing bathroom set-up.The service was great also.  I'm not sure if its because we were on a suite floor - or if its standard hotel policy - but our hotel was cleaned twice a day - which was a pleasant surprise.We also got a real empty fridge - as opposed to the fridges in many hotels that are stocked with overpriced airplane bottles of liquor.The only disappointments were the comforter (or lack thereof)  and the television (although we didn't turn the TV on for a single minute during our entire stay).The casino was alright - although most of the blackjack tables were 6:5 single deck.Mon Ami Gabi was great.  The buffet wasn't worth the time spent in line.  Location is fantastic.  We made good use of the monorail station in the adjacent Bally's - which allowed us to use the monorail without even going outside.I'd happily return to Paris.
4	Yeah it's not exactly Paris but you can almost tell what it feels like, ok maybe not. Still you have to admit it is kind of fun to look up at the Eiffel tower (which is only 5/8ths scale of the real thing), the Montgolfier Balloon made into a neon sign, and the Arc de Triomphe (only 2/3rds of it). Even the front of the building is done up to look like a Paris Opera House and the Louvre. Inside it feels like you're walking on streets of Paris, ok kidding, but the painted walls (which include buildings, people, so on), iron wrought street lamps, and the cobblestone walk ways are a nice touch. There are a lot of good restaurants located in the Paris hotel, even some familiars from back home in Chicago like Mon Ami Gabi and La Creperie. But what you really want to check out is the Eiffel Tower Restaurant located 11 stories up and what a view. Just a tip, a dress code is enforced here. I don't know about staying here but I will always visit.
3	This was probably my 4th time staying in the wonderful paris hotel, I will say that the rooms themselves and very nice, but we got a horrible view, the room service food was good, even though it took an hour for a continental breakfast, i will say the lobby and casino area is very pretty, even though the slot machines suck, and that the people are friendly. I would only go back here if I was just sleeping there... but then again, it is vegas, and that is all you do in your hotel room anyway.
5	Love, Love, Loved this place!! We booked our trip through travelocity, and originally it was for 8 days @Mandalay. After 3 days at Mandalay, we called travelocity because we were miserable (see that seperate, long, review), and (travelocity has a "happiness guarantee"  for the trips they book for you), and we begged to be released from Mandalay hell. After explaining to them that we were not happy due to their poor customer service, lack of housekeeping, etc, they agreed to re-home us at the Paris. We were SO happy!!! We re-packed our things, ran down to Burger Bar (the best thing in Mandalay) grabbed our take out order and jumped in a cab and we were OFF! Paris was wonderful. Pretty, romantic, GREAT customer service. Concierge was always polite and very helpful. Housekeeping was on it. There were soft, clean towels there everyday, beds made, glasses replenished. The AC was COLD!! Great restaurants as well- Mon Ami Gabi (see review), Le Creperie, Le Boulangerie, etc. We had an amazing strip view. We could see the pool, eiffel tower, and Bellagio fountain show from our room on the 9th floor. The room was decorated like a Parisian bed and breakfast. Very quaint and cozy. We did not have a jacuzzi in our room, but the regular tub and the standing shower sufficed. Would Def stay here again. The pool area was AWESOME! The pool is HUGE. There is never anyone on top of you, and there really werent many little kids there which was right up my alley. You can go to the pool at ANYTIME from 8am-8pm (if people are in the pool past 6, they dont kick you out till 8)... You can get a chair at the pool ANYTIME as well. They are also 2 outdoor jacuzzis, and lockers for rent for $5 should you need them. You can have as many towels as you want for the pool. They dont need to see your room key everytime, and the are not militant with the blowing whistles or stingy with towels like other hotels. (In retrospect, I probably couldve gotten my friends in to use the pool, but they were too busy gambling. Lol.) It had a very laid back feel to it. They served drinks to you IN THE POOL, and you could pay there or charge them to the room. Great souvenir cups/sports bottles as well. They also have a cafe by the pool for breakfast/lunch, or you can get a menu and have the food/drinks delivered to your chair. Paris is located RIGHT on the strip. You can walk to a few nearby hotels such as Planet Hollywood, the Miracle Mile shops, and the Bellagio. The monorail stop is in Ballys and you can walk through Ballys right into Paris. Along the way, you will see some live music in Ballys, as well as the dueling pianos at Napoleans. Its free to get in, but get there early for a seat as well. Nice but not as crazy fun as pianos at Harrahs. Well worth the trip over there. Boulangerie had great French bread, sandwiches, and gelato. (coffee gelato was the BEST!) The Paris buffet was not good at all. Went there last year and waited way too long and paid waay too much and there wasnt anything good in there to eat. Skip that and go across the way to Le Creperie. Get an awesome crepe for $8 and it will fill you.Loved that place.
4	My sister and I came to Las Vegas for my 21st birthday and stayed at the Paris hotel for the first time.  The hotel was beautiful both inside and out.  Our room was clean and had an ok view of the strip.  We had a standard double non smoking.  It was a little noisy at times in the hallway and you could hear the room next door when you were in the bathroom- which was gross at times.  Also in the room there is no coffee pot, only a coffee service where you can pay for a cup of coffee to your room. There is no fridge in the room, which is annoying at times when you want a cold drink. We had trouble with our hot water in the shower - it required maintenance 2 days in a row. The maintenance came pretty quick and both men were really nice about it.The staff was not very friendly but thankfully we did not have to deal with them too often.  I took a shuttle from the airport and they dropped me off on the side of the building. Finding the check in area was really difficult just because of where they dropped me off. The best thing about this hotel is the location - perfectly centered on the strip and very close to the monorail stop at Bally's. I wish the pool was open later..it is only open until 8pm. The entire pool area is great though.  We went to Mon Ami Gabi at the hotel, and it was wonderful. Also there is a pastry shop by the elevators and the cinnamon buns are amazing. The casino isn't huge, but its nice and not very crowded. I would stay at this hotel again.
5	Very nice hotel.  Our room was nice and clean, as well as nicely appointed.   The Eiffel Tower experience was fun as well.   They also have some nice restaurants on site and a good bar.  What more do you need?
4	i stayed here  during a recent trip  and found it  quite nice ! first i have to say thanks to the  front desk as they upgraded me to a suite  upon check in  which was very nice - i had a great view of the  Belagio fountains  from the 29th floor  a corner suite ! the room was immaculate  and kept  clean  all during my stay  and i got clean sheets  without question  when i requested them .the only problem i had was that the air conditioning made the  room extreemly  DRY   and i was forever trying to invent ways to get humidity into the air  by wetting towels  and filling the tub with water ... and nothing seemed to work  LOL ! also  it was a little bit of a walk  to get to the monirail  on which i was dependent for transportation to and from the convention hotel. i had to navagate both the Paris and  Balleys  to get to the monorail kudos to  room service !  i ordered breakfast one morning and they were  PROMPT !  i had food in ten minutes  flat !
4	We stayed here this past Spring and I have to say that it's a nice hotel. I get a headache while walking around in the lobby area, but that's Vegas in general. Lights, noise, sounds, people, slot machines, it becomes a little overwhelming. The room is nice and we got a pretty view from our room. The pool area is also a great spot to relax with some drinks as well.
3	We stayed at Paris with for my sister's  bachelorette party.Wasn't really impressed with the rooms whatsoever. This hotel definitely needs rooms to be updated and upgraded. It looks like a standard hotel room that has gotten a bit warn down over the years. Unfortunately was too tired and hungover to make it to the pool which I hear is nice. They front desk was kinda of shady about giving us rooms with a nice view. We had to change rooms in the middle of our stay to get connecting rooms which was kinda a pain.It was cool we were centrally located on the strip and located near the Planet Hollywood Mall. Buffet here sucks.....other than the crem brule. 24 cafe is just okay, kinda pricey, but right in front of the hotel lobby. Other better food options in the lobby, the crepe place and the dessert place.Still like that it feels like paris when roaming the casino or halls around the lobby.We stayed here because it was a decent price, but if you don't mind spending the money I'd definitely recommend staying at a newer hotel like Encore, Palazzo, or Planet Hollywood.
5	Definitely an awesome experience. I had never been to Vegas before, and the stereotypical image and style of Las Vegas is not the kind of thing I like - I am cheap and don't enjoy gambling, or glitz, or getting really dolled up. Our luck at Paris Las Vegas changed all that and made me love Las Vegas against my will.We got there to check in pretty late (9pm) and we surmise that they ran out of whatever room I reserved on hotels.com for $85. They said they were upgrading us, and did actually mention it was to a room that is normally $1700 a night just so next time we might want to "splurge for an upgrade" (instead of really saying, "Well, you already paid and we don't have any cheap rooms left and you're only staying for one night, and we probably can't sell this room to anyone tonight, so I guess you get it") but nothing prepared us for what we found.First off we had to go up to something like the 18th floor, nearly the top floor. Then the rooms on that floor all had names (ours was Nice, like the place in France). Then we opened the door and it was ridiculous. The entry was a fancy sitting room and formal dining table. There was also the entrance to a small bathroom in the entry. As you turned the corner, then there was a bar. Then the separate bedroom, with a TV that mechanically rose up out of a cabinet when you pressed the remote's power button. And the bathroom - huge shower that could probably fit 5 or 6 people in it, a 2 person tub, a separate bidet and toilet.... it was ridiculous.And it made us want to live it up a little. We promptly went out and had a nicer meal that I was anticipating springing for, so their little trick worked in some small way. I'm never going to splurge for a fancy hotel room like they suggested, but they did get some $$ out of us at Mon Ami Gabi. ;)I did like the way they had designed the casino and the shops, it borders on cheesy, but it has a lot more personality than some of the other places we checked out when wandering around. The only thing that was a bummer was that they charged us $15 for 24 hrs of internet access. No other hotel we stayed at charged us for that. I felt that was a huge ripoff. Bad business decision. Maybe they figure only business people want to access the internet in Vegas? I dunno.
5	Vegas Trip 9:00AMDecide to eat since we just got to vegas. We had some good experience here so we came back to PARIS BUFFET. Never in my mind that i will rate this place bad for i always get a good experience in food anyways. We did not stay in this place but the decor is good the walk to the buffet was an experience food everywhere in this place sit beside is fountain & liqour store. Enter the buffet. Never again in the morning when i am ready to go to the buffet to start drinking coffee, i was not ready for this buffet since i was so full on coffee DAMN but the buffet was great anyways. Come check this out price was good and food was always great.
3	This hotel is koo, i really like the service which they give maybe i dont like it tooo much because i would always stay here as a kid and what the hell is there to do in vegas as a kid, STAY IN ROOMS!? PARIS 3 STAR. Sorry!TFR
2	If you look for luxury top of the line hotel - Paris is defiantly not the one!It is a good hotel if you don't want to spend much money or got a good deal.It is one of those hotel which were built in the late 90's with a theme to it in effort to provide an alternative to older hotels like Flamingo, Treasure island, Stardust etc... Yet is not on same line with Bellagio, Venetian, Wynn or the new monstrosities being build. Even Caesars palace (which is older) is better on many levels.Paris exterior looks great & impressive, lobby is unique as well, but other than that rooms & hallways are nothing special at all.I wonder if they chose the French theme as an excuse for cheep, minimalistic & run down look of its interiors!!The standard rooms are mediocre, standard hotel beds with a rear projection TV's. Nothing special here.Service - Did not experience any rudeness (besides the buffet), yet nothing special. Casino - Is small!!!!  Tries to promote a bigger illusion with tacky sky & clouds looking ceiling but it is the smallest casino I ever been in. Food - Not many restaurants at all, there is one place that operates as a buffet which serves Italian (?!) looking food, which is always very busy (since there is a lack of restaurants in this hotel). There were no chairs to sit at the only available table around, I had to hunt for chairs for 20 minuets, finally I stole it from an old red neck. Food got cold. Red neck was not happy!Other official place to dine at is the famous Paris Hotel Buffet which I have a lot to say about:- It has usually a veeeery looong line, about 30 min wait, which is forever if you're hungry!- Price is about $25- There was plenty of food, also desert buffet was awesome! Although I must say, food was not always tasty, it was hit & miss!- Got me sick & I had to use the restroom.Now let me go  alil back.. After paying we had to get into a separate line for the hostess to sit us down. The hostess did not show up for a while! (we were starviiing! ), so we went ahead & set ourselves at a small table, only then suddenly the hostess showed up looking extremely mad about us sitting ourselves at a table (OY VAY!)!!!Hostess: Were you assigned for this table? (derogatory tone) We: Assigned?? We waited for somebody to sit us for like forever! Nobody showed up so we set ourselves in one of the many open tables.Hostess: That's not an answer, you should NOT sit yourselves! This is my job & those are the regulations!! So I need ya'll to get up & go to the back of the line & wait till I get a table for you!We: LOL, good comedian! Hmmm.. We don't think so (knowing she wont forcefully get us up), it is your problem ma'am! Now leave us alone, stop harassing us & let us eat already before talking to your manager! Hostess: All shocked (like she did not see that coming), Sidewinding to her hole mumbling & releasing more of her venom as she goes.You tell me? Who does that? Getting your customers up after seated & wait for table while there are so many available? That's a pure abuse! SPA & Massage:- Like in every hotel, Paris offers their SPA (for $60) & massage services - The facilities are outdated & run down yet still enjoyable. Spa area is way small!- Massage was not the best but it varies on the masseuse.I had a young guy which gave a very standard & robotic massage. Did not enjoy it much! My other Friend had a better one.- The Spa has a jacuzzi & 2 saunas (wet & dry) - No complaints.Biggest problem we had was being stoked by a strange man who was following us everywhere in the spa.2 hours he was behind us sniffing & trying to get into our speedos. I do not care what your sexual preferences are but you can NOT stalk people at the spa! We paid lots of money so we could relax privately.So I complaint at the spa's front desk while being even more shocked by the employees responses: "Oh yeah I understand sir, well.. If the stalker didn't really touch you than there is not much I could do, we aren't bothering our costumers based on "rumors" & he is a regular here (interesting that he knew who I was talking about) & also the spa is gay friendly".Which I clearly has no problem with! Listen you moron, the fact that it's gay friendly doesn't mean you can allow stalkers in it! On the contrary, gays are not stalkers, it's the stalkers who give gays bad reputation!!!Anyways, I was livid! So I ate all their bananas & drank all of their tea.The SPA at Caesars palace is way, way better!Yalla Bye!!
3	Paris is a smaller LV property.  It's a good choice for those who don't want to drop as much money on a room as one would at Bellagio, Venetian/ Palazzo, or Wynn/Encore - but still want to be located on the same part of the strip.  Customer service is good, rooms are small but nice, beds are a little hard - order extra pillows, can't vouch for the pool never been.  There is a little eatery inside next to the crepe place that makes a pretty good lunch pasta. Not luxury 5 star hotel, but a nice 3 star one.
5	We've always wanted to stay in Paris but we always received better deals for Bally's. When we finally received a better deal st Paris, we took it. We really enjoyed the stay. The rooms are setup in separate hallways once you get off of the elevators, so no room is too far away (unlike Bally's or Flamingo). The room was very nice and unlike other reviews, we did not think it was too small. There's a mini bar, in the room. There is also a safe that is free to use.
1	wow, you get what you pay for. aside from the face that bally's is connected, this place seemed decent. They have that mon ami place to watch the fountains after all. The buffett was down right nasty and gave me the bubble guts midway through - had to leave before getting my $15. Now, maybe this place wouldn't have been so bad if I hadn't eaten at real buffets in LV and Hawaii, but this place was unacceptable. Nasty instant eggs (watery & rubbery), cool whip cream (not fresh whip cream), wholesale OJ (not fresh squeeze), no baked goodies, undercooked crepes, and no-refills even though we were sitting practically in the walkway. Don't be fooled by places that have lines and especially if you don't see any heavyweights parked out. In the future, I will request to scope out the scene before I pay for another buffet. they are just so hit and miss unless you have the presence of mind to check yelp first.
5	They have a little bar with cafe seating right before you walk into the street scape. They had 1/2 price martini's. I thought that you had to order 2 of the same. So I got 4. Two of each. When I got mine it burnt the hair out of my nose. The pomegranate was there just for color. I asked for a couple of olives because I was getting hungry. They were huge and very tasty. This is a great place to people watch. Some old fart parked his walker next to our table and proceeded to talk about baseball for the next half hour. I had no idea what he was yaking about? But he was amusing. The service was great. Next time I am staying at this hotel. They have everything.
4	I was visiting Vegas for a friends wedding and my coworker suggested that we should stay at the Paris. I passed this recommendation along and all of us stayed there. I split a double room with my friend.  I was very happy with my stay at this hotel.  I have stayed at other hotels in Vegas before, one a lot more expensive and one tons cheaper.  The rooms are nice and if you're lucky to get a good view then you're really lucky.  The bathrooms are decent size.  There were a lot of mirrors in our room, however, the "red room" that my friends stayed at didn't have any mirrors in their "room" only in the bathroom.  It was twice as much to stay on Sat. as opposed to Sunday night.  I would prob. stay at Paris again during my next visit.  The pool is really great, your friends (from other hotels) can also come by and hang out and its fun to just chill out and stare at the Eiffel Tower.  The restaurant service(s) in the main floor can be a little slow.  The services at random places are really hit or miss.   Had a great time at the piano bar but not so much at the little bakery next door.
4	We decided to stay at the paris hotel this time just because we had never been there. The hotel is absolutely beautiful and very well maintained. The rooms were very nice and had great views, pretty large also. The casino its self was not that big compared to the other casinos on the strip, witch meant waiting for the slots i wanted to play. my biggest complaint was when gambling at night it took 2 hours before I was offered a drink. With all the money I was gambling there is no way I should have had to pay $6.50 for a beer at the bar! We did go up the Eiffel tower, it was pretty cool at night to see the lights and water show across the street. Also we liked the walkway between paris and bally's hotels. It was nice not to have to go outside to get to another hotel. All and all I can't complain the place was nice. We had a good time, and our rooms were compt! We had a nice time here.
4	Was able to get outside patio seats (reservations baby!) and we had a lovely day, though the sun did start to burn my arm a bit even in Oct. We were there for lunch and started with the french onion soup which for me would have been probably enough, it was huge and covered in cheese. But NO....I had to order a sandwich too, what the hell was I thinking? Was I the bottomless pit. I think not...... My sandwich was a turkey with gouda and green apple and a pumpkin seed pesto on a french roll, and don't stop there it came with this killer thin crispy "frittes" fries. A giant cup full. If I had eaten all of that they'd needed a backhoe to get me out of my chair. I guess I should have stolen a few bites of my husbands soup, it just sounded so good and it was.... just be warned, they give you mountains of food if you are a smaller eater like me. And I really couldn't take it with me. All delicious and lots of servers, so if you needed anything there was always someone right there. A great meal and lovely patio. Yum Yum.....
4	I have not stayed here in about a year, but i love this hotel. The rooms are spacious, the ambiance is great, the theme of the hotel puts you right in the heart of Ol Peri! The little pastry shops are awesome if you are not in the mood for a huge buffet. I know i always grab a ham, square egg, and cheese croissant every time i go. The croissant is super flaky and delicious and its just heaven after a long night out on the town.The Paris also has the Eiffel Tower replica which you can also tour for a small price of 12 bucks to ride to the top. I suggest going at night and maybe you can catch a glimpse of the Belagio water show.Make sure you sign up for a players card, because it is one of the Harrah's Properties, and with it you can get the perks of 6 hotels. Cheers.
4	Great place, clean place. Last time stay there, bathroom kinda moldy..iu...not a great scenic. Still great place, awesome people. Eat @ their sushi restaurant, its ok food, price little high but u know its turist town...good time
4	Great food, great tables.Light, airy interior.  Captures the spirit.
4	Great place, hotel has great amenities plus we had rooms for free and it was worth every penny.  Only thing I don't like is that they didnt have cheap tables for people who wants to play and learn black jack without having to commit $15+ per hand.
4	It's very much Paris alright -- even though half the time it feels more like someone had watched An American in Paris and cribbed the movie's idealized ways than actual France.  But they're rather nice, even if I did trip over a cobblestone more than once.The creepy overtanned "Anthony Cool" staring at you all over the casino in adverts is unnerving!  It's like he's judging me for not being the color of a Thanksgiving turkey.  The rooms are nice and clean.  The restaurants in Paris, even that buffet that costs $25+ without alcohol, are pretty delightful.  Try Mon Ami Gabi at night, outside dining, to watch the Bellagio shows.  Be scared of the turkey colored guy...
5	I left my purse containing my ID, $$, and Credit Card on the table while enjoying french toast at 4AM.I called lost and found in the AM and everything was there. ALL $200!!! I love this hotel, I love this staff and I am writing a fully detailed report as soon as I have the time. All in all a safe, fun, and clean hotel. C'est La Vie
4	I think as far as it is concerned, this is my favorite Casino on the strip. I love it because it's very well themed and has a little bit of every type of decor that you will find at the other casinos on the strip including the nice themed outdoor walk way, the oh so good street side creperie, and the awesome buffet that I deem to be the best on the strip after having a taste of the buffet at the Wynn and Bellagio ... and finally the nice Paris tower that has an amazing view of the strip.They basically thought of it all and if I had stayed here longer I probably would have found far more to do within the hotel itself than elsewhere. They have a large casino area and many $5 single deck blackjack tables! WIN for something that's on the strip where I won't get shot while playing!The rooms are nice, comfortable, and very plush for what you think you're getting and again the view is unbeatable even now with city center going up and blocking just about everything on the strip. I'm definitely going to stay here again in the future.
2	Nothing about this stay was good!!!! Hard Beds, Beat up rooms, Hotel smelled so bad of Smoke (I know it is Vegas but this was terrible). It looked dirty and we thought about switching hotels mid stay. We had 5 rooms in total... AND NOT ONE PERSON WAS HAPPY!!!! Would reccomend any place else besides here!!!
3	My lovely and I spent 3 nights here with a room overlooking the Eiffel Tower and the Bellagio fountains. The room was good size as was the bathroom but I found it pretty typical, like a room in one of the older Ritz Carlton's - for an extra $75 we could have had the more decorated 'red room' which they highlight on the website. Service was great. Room service food was eh but always delivered by the time we requested it and when they forgot an extra coffee cup, came right back with it. Valet was similarly prompt. Its a good location on the strip - not too far from other sights and resorts. Hotel restaurants are crowded and easily surpassed for others close by. Ridiculous to pay for internet and the use of the fitness center [$25 without getting spa services]...And I'm sorry, but just because the bartender at the sports book says 'bon soir' , a French experience it does not make. Other than the Eiffel Tower, there isn't much French going on here.We found the casino here pretty dead but still had some fun; the restaurants were usually very crowded and a walk down the cobblestones towards Bally's were much less crowded - and fine for a burger and a drink. I'm not a Vegas person; its an experience and there's plenty to do and although for the price of this hotel I wouldn't be able to stay in someone's garage in NYC, the meals are much more expensive and the noise just made me want to leave. Paris was a perfectly fine hotel experience even so.
2	Paris:  They try hard, but it's just not that cool.I stayed there while at a conference.  Check-in was OK, but the first room I was in had a bad internet connection.  After waiting over an hour for engineering to show up, I had them switch rooms.  That one smelled like an ash tray :(The casino floor -- not so happenin.  Generally an older group of people (nothing wrong with it, just not a party crowd).  One lady at a 21 table was smoking like a chimney.  Not that that's bad... just doesn't seem right while on an OXYGEN tank/system!They are going for a sexy, "what happens in vegas..." vibe.  Maybe it's just me, but it just didn't work.  Still, rooms were cheap, it's $10 tables, and the sportsbar at the back near the entrance to Bally's was pretty good.  I would strongly prefer Wynn, Venetian, Bellagio, NYNY, and Caesars over this -- I've had better stays at all of those.
3	I stowed my bags here on my last night in town.  I had an early morning flight and wanted to make sure I had my bags with me on the Strip.  It was a standard two queen bed room.  I didn't sleep here just propped myself up and channel surfed for an hour or two until it was time to head the airport.Just a note, they don't have express check out by television until 7 am. How whack is that?
1	this review comes from someone who went to gamble and window shop at paris, haven't stayed there, maybe the rooms aren't awful. with that being said: i have never felt so instantly claustrophobic and sick when i walked into a room before. the ceiling is painted in this weird faux sky  design and the lighting in there is really low so it makes it look like the most depressing, awful weather  ever. the air is dank and the ventilation is pathetic. i get that vegas is overwhelming and as inauthentic as you can get, but this was truly sickening. skip it.
4	Ok so yes, Paris does nickel & dime you a bit since there are no "in-room" amenities, but it is a beautiful establishment. The rooms are comfy, clean, and nicely decorated. Not having to pay for wifi would have been a nice treat but, not so much from them. I think it was a very nice place to stay for the weekend, and they give you a decent coupon book when you check in with some great deals to be had. This included a free ride for 2 to the top of the eiffel tower - superb! All of the staff we dealt with were very polite and helpful. It was a very good experience.
4	I stayed at the Paris in 2007 and again in 2009.  By my second trip to the Paris I had been at several other Vegas casinos and compared to the many other options Paris isn't as bad as I originally thought.The older rooms are a tight squeeze, very French like in that regard.  Use the "20 dollar trick" to get a complimentary upgrade.  The main attraction of the Paris are the various restaurants.  Excellent choices with great shops make this a better pick on the Strip plus it is centrally located...though the fake French stuff still makes me want to barf.PS:  The Paris is corporate operated like most of the casinos in Vegas nowadays so be prepared to find only Pepsi products in all of its stores meaning if you want bottled water you better like Aquafina--the only choice in the entire casino.
4	Roomed here over the Christmas holidays. Smack my ass if this is anything like the real Paris-- more like a cheesy Americanized imitation...but still oddly enjoyable and pleasant. I had a fantastic room-- upper floor with views of the Bellagio fountains and the Eiffel Tower. Nice clean room, huge bathroom. Room service was quick, with an extensive menu, but the food was only fair. Beware the lines for food at the Paris-- they are huge! It is nearly impossible to get into the buffet, one of the best on the strip. I ate breakfast here-- there are endless choices, and the dining setup is really nice. Cocktail service was good-- got lots of drinks while playing nickle slots, surprising given this is the Strip. The best thing about the Paris= location. It is in the dead center of everything, you can't go wrong staying here if you want to be in the center of the action. Message to parents-- don't bring your little kids to Vegas, its not for them!The best meal I had during my stay was at Mon Ami Gabi, the bistro near the front of the hotel.  Wonderful, simple, delicious food.
4	We stayed here once and really enjoyed the experience. The room was ok, nothing great, but the self-contained shopping was convenient. The best part is, of course, their excellent buffet. The lines are long and can get tiresome, but once you are in the food is well worth it. The central location makes this an attractive place to stay. We had fun going up the Eiffel Tower. I would return....after I check out some of the other hotels I want to try.
5	i've never done up vegas the way people "do vegas", so if you're looking for the crazy party girl review of vegas and her experience at a hotel you may need to look elsewhere.  but for the girl officially entering her early thirties and a mini-vacation away from it all, this was the perfect place.we stayed a total of two nights, and i don't think i could have been happier.  we booked a red room (as opposed to the basic), and it had the best view of the bellagio fountains.  we were also on the corner, so the windows on both sides of the room didn't hurt either.  the service was great, the room was amazing, and the bed was so comfortable i didn't want to get out of it.i prefer the hotels with character and class rather than sleek, chic and posh, so i was happy with paris.  everything was clean and though i've never been to the actual paris, the atmosphere was warm and inviting and other worldly....well, vegas other-worldly, but regardless...i really loved my stay at the paris, and would definitely go back.broke ass grad student lesson # 948:  booking directly through their website or through priceline got us extra coupons and a better room.  sha- snap.
3	Unsure weather to give this place 2 or 3 stars. Just go back after staying here for 5 nights. Had a room on the 10th floor which had an OK view of the strip, but a little low for the Belligio show, but room was comped, so who am I to argue. Decent sized room, a nice bathroom ( I like bathrooms with separate showers) and nice counter space. Now the bad. Shower had a low flow head which sucked, plus it was unadjustable so you couldn't move the spray away from you. The blow dryer had so much lint in it that it barely blew any air. The shampoo at all Harrahs properties is watery just not good. The TV is an old crt with very limited number of channels to choose from. But worst thing of all, as reviewer DL stated, both my wife and I had weird bite marks on out lower legs at the end of the trip. I pulled back the sheets and looked closely for bugs, but didn't see any.( I don't know how tiny bedbugs are) Just seem like a strange coincidence with the DL story. Aside from the room, it has a nice selection of restaurants, a decent casino, and is centrally located on the strip so you can go over to Caesars or Belliago without too much effort.
4	I think I'll always have good memories of Paris which is why I'm generous with the rating. Our room was decently sized. It had a strip/tower view and we were on one of the higher floors so it was really nice. The bathroom was really small though, but who goes to vegas to complain about a bathroom? The hotel itself is always crowded, and the line for the buffet can get ridiculous.
4	Can't write a terribly thorough or accurate review since I've never stayed here.  I have, however, perused the casinos and shops, which are always a delight. Based on the previous reviews, it seems like the rooms leave a lot to be desired. Definitely a cheesy simulacra of Paris, but fun nonetheless. Lots of great photo ops. And fancy bakeries.
4	i come here for an eiffel tower every time i get here. and Richard is the outside bartender everytime i get there. so it kinda feels like clockwork with me and those daiquiris. and the nights always get crazy. thanks richard. i always love my drinks stiff. haha. he only works for an hour at 7pm. find him and you will forget about being gypped with your drinks.
2	Stayed here for 2 nights last week. Our room was alright, found it clean compared to the reviews below. Our other friends checked into a room that was already occupied (OOPS) so they bumped them up to the "red rooms" which are SO MUCH NICER. Not really suites or anything so i'm not sure why they cost more but I would rather stay in those rooms with new tv's and beds then the old fashioned pink and green rooms below. The only annoyance is the elevators don't all go up so you always have to come back down to the lobby and switch elevators if you have friends staying just a few floors away. I think if you get a deal, stay here. If you are going to spend over $100 take it to the Mandalay Bay or somewhere else a little more up market.
3	3.5 starsNot a bad place to stay in Vegas.  High ceilings (painted like you're outdoor and looking up at the sky) gives it a friendly and fun environment.  The rooms are okay, no complaints but nothing special about them either.What I like about this hotel+ Connected to Ballys so you can just walk right over in AC controlled environment and avoid the rain/heat/and or noisy strip+ They have mini paigow table :D+ Le Notre is located here: the best bakery in Vegas :)
1	I have to preface this by first stating two things, one- I am a bit of a hotel snob and two- I hate Las Vegas. There. I said it. Now on to my review of the Paris Hotel where we spent two horrid nights this last weekend... the down low: - dated tube TV with none of the following: Bravo, E, MTV, TLC, and of course no movie channels so no HBO, etc. I settled on CNN most of the weekend... :/ - uncomfortable beds, THIN, scratchy sheets which forced me to wear my jeans to bed as I had only brought some cute little bed short shorts to sleep in.. also, the other reviews which mentioned hairy sheets were correct, I found multiple hairs that were neither mine nor my husbands. :( - rubber mat under the bed sheet. no further explanation necessary, this was just plain gross and uncomfortable. - thin stretchy bath towels. After I dried off from taking a shower (with super low water pressure I might add!), I had red splotches all over my skin which I still don't know whether was from the heavy duty bleach Paris uses or just because the towels were so rough. Either way, we longed for our own towels at home.. - stained carpet, sticky folded complimentary Las Vegas magazine to peruse on the night stand. yuck. and p.s. the Las Vegas mags are free, they can't supply fresh ones for new guests?? - horrible toiletries. they smelled gross and felt even worse. the only one I tried was the shower gel which smelled of a sickly baby powder scent and felt very gelatinous on my skin. I think the label red "white tea"? not even close. Needless to say, our hotel experience left us trying to change our flights home one day early. Instead we hightailed it out of there early Sunday morning and got on the earliest flight home.. our original departure was scheduled for Sunday evening. I should also add, that our rooms were paid for by my mother-in-law and I know she got them for quite a deal.. but srsly?? One star is generous...
3	This review pertains to two things: the gambling and the bar. 731% winning streak. Yeeeeeah baby, and those Eiffel tower drinks, gotta try those at least once. When you're done with it, you can throw in a few Red Bulls and half a fifth of Chopin -- add ice and you're set!Overall, the rest of the bar was decent. Nothing special. One thing I love, however, is the bathrooms. While draining yourself, you get to learn some sexy French phrases over the speakers.
2	Just returned from Lost Wages and The Superbowl. Enjoyed the buffet, (not too bad), $$$ hamburger joint, (way too greasy) and the sandwich cafe (good Italian meats)...all in all, just not bad. After seeing all the comments about bedbugs, I was a little concerned. Didn't see a one but maybe the room's view of the 5th floor roof/airconditioning units and parking garage made them choose a room with a better view!! Again, not bad. If I had planned on spending much time in the room, I probably would have asked for another one...small, no view (see above) Casino was not too big, drinks were semi-frequent in the pits but the video poker @ the bar for 8 hrs and multiple Maker's Rocks made the Superbowl that much better.. All in all, just not bad. Nothing earth shattering, excellent or memorable...except the traffic. Geez, I thought Pres. Obama said not to go to Las Vegas?? Looks like the economy isn't in that bad of shape with the number of people there over the weekend!!!
4	I love this place mainly because of their super tall Eifel Tower Daquiris YUM!  The inside is beautiful.  Weird that it was the middle of the night and I still felt like I was under a blue sky LOL.Ok so we played the blackjack tables and the dealer Ray -he's lucky!! Little Asian man.  Look for him.
4	My boyfriend has comps for Paris. We made reservations at a great rate of $39 a night. Upon arrival, we were upgraded to a suite on the top level for no additional charge. We had a great view of the Eiffel Tower and the Bellagio Hotel and watershow.I had a great time playing the black jack tables and won =)Would def. stay at this hotel again.WARNING: Leave your privacy sign on if you like to sleep in; our last day we took it off and House Keeping woke us up at 8:30 am
1	I stayed at Paris for a holiday weekend and apparently over paid. My wife and I have stayed at several different hotels in Vegas from Excalibur to Caesars so I have come to understand that you get what your pay for (e.g., the more expensive the room, the better the service and quality). Paris broke that rule. From the reception to the buffets, I have to say the service in this place is ridiculously sub par. Unless, as a coworker pointed out, they were going for the authentic French treatment of Americans, in which case they were spot on. The room was plain with a horrible view. Something I would expect from Bally's or another generic resort, but for Paris (and the price) I was very disappointed. We were on a nonsmoking floor, but could still get occasional wafts of smoke in the room. Not sure if from a floor below, but seemed strange. Overall a lack luster experience. I won't be going back. Even free would be hard to get me back.
3	I travel to Vegas for work and play on an annual basis. What can I say about Paris - meh. It does have a great location on the strip but wasn't my favorite place. Front desk had an attitude problem and some parts need an upgrade. Granted a good majority of people don't go to Vegas to stay in their room but I felt the room could be cleaner. The week I stayed there, there were a lot of people in their 70s-80s. So if you are looking for a younger, hipper crowd I would suggest elsewhere (Planet Hollywood is next door). Viva Lost Wages
4	So some friends and I booked a night at the Paris for some pleasure after our business stay at Caesar's Palace.  We would have just extended our stay at CP but it was actually less expensive to go to Paris, so we did.  What a huge difference!  Pretty much every bit of the experience was more pleasant.  All of the hotels on the strip are ostentatiously ornate, but I have a soft-spot for the Old World details of Paris.  I've been to actual Paris, and I'd have to say that this hotel captures all my misty-eyed nostalgia about it.  I'm completely ambivalent about that actually, but I have to admit that the incredible attention to detail both inside and out did charm and relax me.The rooms were fantastic.  Unlike CP, they were uniform and also much more comfortable, despite actually being smaller.  There were more places to sit and all of the amenities you expect (mirror in room and bathroom, closet in room NOT bathroom, soundproof, desk, TV, hairdryer, iron and ironing board, etc).  The mattresses were divine.Service was very courteous and prompt.  The restaurants ranged from extravagant to affordable.  We ate at the Asian place (affordable) and the food was great.  Nothing amazing, but reliable.  The servers were also brilliant--very funny, and they would dance whenever a song from the Bellagio fountains (across the street) came on that they liked.If for some reason  I ever find myself in Vegas again, I will definitely stay here!
3	Funny, I've been staying in Paris since it opened and have had few problems. Just read all the yelp reviews and agree with many of them. Bleachy smell from room cleanser. Not the best mattresses. Old tube style tv's. Lack of channel choices on tv. I have never left Paris being up. Have always lost there. But then again I have only left Vegas once or twice in at least a hundred trips being up. Sometimes I hear people say shit like "yeah, paid for the trip" and I think yeah, with your credit card  shithead!  I don't even bother gambling anymore. The books say you shouldnt play with scared money, well I've got "shell shocked" money in my pocket. I've never had to pay for a room at Paris so to me it's the best. Some people on yelp mention they found hairs on the beds.  Do what I do...lay down and make pubic hair angels!
4	Location location location! Your right in the middle of the strip staying in a nice place, kinda hard to night like it, especially if the price is good too! I'm very happy we stayed here. The service was good, the rooms were clean and well kept. There was no noise and it was very comfortable. We didn't stay in the hotel that much but when we did it was just what we needed on our vacation. I would definitely go back if the price is right.
4	HELLA NICE! omg. the way the place is built on the outsideis awesome. & the inside is so decieving cause its built toseem like your outside walking in the streets of paris. wewent there at like midnight before & once we walked in, thelooks, & the street lamps were all light & made us feel likeit was day time. good way to lose track of time in there. lol.my review is based on the looks of what casino & outsideonly. the hotel itself im curious to see. maybe we'll stay thereone vacay. ps. I LOVE THE EIFFEL TOWER SOUVENIR CUP!
3	Whew...What day!! I have been in Vegas for less than 12 hours and boy I have been busy. I left Los Angeles around 5am on Monday and didn't get to Vegas until 4pm?! Well, I stopped over Primm Valley Resort because its damn good to gamble over there. Any who, Paris is why I am writing about. I arrived to Paris Las Vegas around 4:30pm. I am staying at the Premier Guest Room. However, I asked if I can get a complimentary upgrade with "THE SANDWICH". Corinne, was my Host and she found me a Red Room Premier on the 30th Floor, Room #21. When I got the room, I headed over to my room which is the top class elevator. Most of the other guest don't have access to 26 and up. When I arrived to my room, the cleaning lady was still working in our room. WTF?! I thought it was already done?! Well, I had to go back downstairs and get another room. They gave me the 26th Floor, Room #21. Hmmm, 21. I guess thats a good number. My room has a beautiful view overlooking The Eiffel Tower and the Paris Pool. I can watch the Bellagio Water Fountain and hear of Celine Dion and Frank Sinatra through the windows. They call it the Red Room because the headboards of the bed are red and the floor is kinda funky looking. I'll upload the pictures a little later. I have a huge 52" HDTV, but they don't have great HD Video Quality. They a minibar, but I requested it to be locked..SORRY!! They have complimentary coffee and and an IPOD dock station in the room. The room is great the but service is average quality. Why come here?! Well, I am usually at Sahara because I love low key hotels. Harrah's is the first big chain that I am familiar with and would like to keep in my portfolio. I have stayed at MGM, Mandalay, Venetian, Sahara, Harrah's Rincon, and now Paris Las Vegas. I am not sure how much the room costs, but it was FREE and on the elite site of the hotel. Have Fun here and Keep Yelping!!
1	I stayed here over the weekend for work and all I can say is WOW! This place is soooo dirty.  Room service was REALLY slow. I had to call them 3 times. My toilet was broken when I got in and they didn't have any more rooms available so I ended up fixing it myself and the sink had hair in there! Gross!The only reason why this place gets a 1 star is because of the fact that it's beautiful when you get out of the hotel room and see all these pretty clouds in the ceiling, their buffets are delish, and it's in the middle of everything in Vegas!
4	Keeping in mind this is the first hotel I've stayed in on the strip, this hotel was great: Room: large and smoke free, so-so water pressureCasino: Nice options, easy to navigateRestaurants: Good options, Mon Amie Gabi is amazing.Hotel got us on the guest list for the Bank @ Bellagio, which means that the $30 cover was free!!!!Great experience, good location to walk to the Bellagio, Venetian and Caesars.
1	Total dump.  The Venetian and The Palazzo ripped this place off which was smart.  Totally run down and needs a face lift.  They have these stupid eiffel tower drinks.  Bad idea.  They use vodka and rum from plastic gallon bottles. Welcome to your hangover.
5	What is not to love about the Paris?  It's about as pretty as Vegas gets (meaning it's still totally cheeseball but in the best possible way!)Our room was lovely - comfy bed, huge TV and smoke free.  Access to shops, restaurants, "Wheel of Fortune" machines and enormous Eiffel Tower daiquiris made the Paris a winner.  I would happily yak again in a Paris Hotel bathroom on my next trip to Vegas.
5	I just got married here in November and it was awesome. There were, of course, some kinks in trying to plan a wedding in a different state, but everything was perfect. We had all the information we needed, like where to steam my wife's wedding gown. The minister was awesome and not at all cheesy. Everyone was very accommodating. If you're going to get married in Vegas, you should definitely shell out a few extra clams and do it right at the Paris.
4	Still my favorite hotel on the strip. Rooms are booty from what I remember (thin walls and small room) with average character. I always feel like I am in small town when I come here, and even though the fake sky has been done at a few other places, I still love it. Plus, they have a great Diamond Lounge for the ballers (coconut shrimp was delish!) and their Pina Coladas and Strawberry Daquiris have always been the tastiest I have had anywhere else (get it blended!). Even though I don't drink the ETOH anymore, I get it virgin and it still hits the spot. Holla! Try to the check out the pizza and JJ Boulangerie (5 star pizza in my book) and the creperie. I want to make love to their food....
3	Call me a purist, but I'm not much of a fan the way Las Vegas has turned into a Disneyland for adults. Granted Paris is pretty spectacular but somehow doesn't harken back to any of Vegas' grand style of yore. I can't see Sinatra playing craps in a place like this, which I guess is ok, but somehow the Vegas magic is just missing from this place.
1	Before I go off on this hotel, I would like to say:I have worked in customer service since I was 16.I have been to Vegas at least once a year since I turned 21 and have stayed at Rio, The Hotel at Mandalay, Luxor, Mirage, Flamingo, Circus Circus, Excalibur, Venetian, and Treasure Island.I have also lived in Vegas for a year and have worked at the Palms casino.And this has been the WORST hotel for customer service!My bf and I made reservations for 3 nights along with few of his friends so in all we booked 5 rooms. Granted we don't have diamond membership, but a couple of his friends do, but we didn't book the room under their name and we decided to be on a different floor as them.The first night was a long, busy day for us and when it was time for bed we just went in the covers, slept and did our thing that day.When we got back late at night we were fixing the sheets and FOUND SPOTS OF BLOOD ON THE BOTTOM EDGE OF OUR SHEETS, that was definitely not from us! Looks like someone got rug burn and placed their knee on it. We called to complain around 12a and we asked for a manager to come up to our room.An hour went by, I called and asked what time a manager would get back to us or at least have someone come up and change the sheets and she was extremely rude and said she knew the situation. The why was it taking so long?! It was late at night and I've been ready to go to bed!By the way, she said that they wouldn't really do anything about it because a day had went by and we didn't report it the first day.SO, WHAT THEY'RE TELLING ME IS THAT EVERY TIME I GET INTO A HOTEL BED, I NEED TO CHECK THE SHEETS TO MAKE SURE THAT THEY'RE CLEAN AND HAVE BEEN CHANGED?!!!  Really?!They changed our sheets and said all they could do was give us $50 in comped food and beverage. Granted it wasn't the housekeepers fault, but when she was changing the sheets she gave us one with a cigarette burn on it.Are they that cheap to keep those sheets and give them to other guests?We told them that we were not satisfied. All they said was they'd make sure they'll report it and see what the other managers would say.Did they ever call us back? Of course not!And did we use the comp they gave us, no!If we did then it would make it seem like we did mess and just wanted free stuff.I can tell you that I am never going to use my money in that hotel again. Granted that Harrah's owns it, but they need to check up on what kind of customer service their management is giving people.WOULDN'T YOU BE GROSSED OUT AND PISSED IF YOU SLEPT ON THAT AND THE HOTEL DIDN'T CARE ABOUT YOU?!I guarantee you if we had booked it under my boyfriends friends account under his diamond account they would do everything and anything to make sure we were satisfied.Thanks a lot Paris, for a whole lot of disappointment!
4	A few reviews I had read were less than stellar, so I had my reservations about staying here when my partner-in-crime and I decided to go to Vegas; however, I was immediately impressed.We got a good deal through Hotwire, and soon found ourselves in the opulent check-in area of the Paris. It really only got better from there. Our room was clean, smelled nice, and came with toiletries that made my skin feel nice and soft in the usual dry-as-hell hotel air.The 24-hour cafe does its job-- it's reasonably priced, and its food doesn't give you the usual creepy-crawly feeling that 24-hour cafes give you.The buffet: FANTASTIC. For what seems to be the usual price of buffets now (a whopping $20-$25 a person... yikes!), you get a RIDICULOUSLY huge selection of food, and not just your usual buffet fare-- Great food! Steaks, crab, seafood, more pastries than you can wave a stick at... everything!And speaking of pastries, they have what may have been the best pastry shoppe I've ever seen (yeah, yeah, I know, I've never been to the REAL Paris, so shut up.).Service was always spectacular, even when I had some peculiar requests (such as a humidifier). Since we went through a deal website, our view, while less than amazing, was still a decent strip view. Our friends, who went through the same site, had an amazing view, to be fair. It was kind of luck of the draw.All in all, I'd like to see this place again, and hopefully I will. PROS: Excelllent service, good food, decent prices, great position on the strip, clean rooms, expedient housekeeping service, comfy bedsCONS: Smallish casino floor (attached to Bally's, so that helps), the buffet is kind of pricey (but you get what you pay for).VERDICT: Seeya again, hopefully soon, Paris!
2	Ahhh it's ok     Look you're in Vegas so how bad can it be?  Everyone in our party got a suite except us!!!!!! Nothing special.. I prefer the hotel at man bay better.
2	My husband and I went to Vegas for his birthday in the beginning of March and we stayed at Paris for the first time. We were excited to be staying there for the first time, especially since it had been given four stars.When we walked into the hotel I was pretty impressed with what I saw. It seemed very nice and I liked how everything was designed to be like you're walking outside in Paris. When we walked into our room though, I was somewhat disappointed. For the price we were paying it wasn't as nice as what I was expecting, or what I'm used to. Everything seemed old and a little dingy. The bathroom was the nicest part of the room. Now, I know that most people think, "Well, the room doesn't matter that much because I'm only going to be in it a few hours to sleep." I agree with this to a point. When I'm in Vegas I'm away from my kids so I stay out later than normal, so I usually catch a little nap in the afternoon before going out again at night. So I do spend a little more time in my hotel room than most people maybe. Another turn off, our room smelled like sewer! It was disgusting! I mean, how am I supposed to rest up for another wild night when I'm trying not to gag?! It was gross.After being out and about during the day, we would always come back to a clean room. However, one morning while getting out of the shower I reached for towel only to open it and find that it was DIRTY! Also, we left our room on Sunday morning and the hall was littered with room service trays, glasses and beer bottles. No big deal as long as it gets cleaned up, right? No one cleaned it up until Monday afternoon!Overall, we were disappointed. Not very clean, and it stunk! We won't be staying there again.The valet service, however, was good
1	I went here a few years back for a convention. As part of the package we got to stay in the hotel. It was no deal, but the convenience couldn't be beat.There is nothing that really would draw you to this hotel if you weren't here for a convention. The floor with the slots and tables is quite small by Vegas standards. Barely anybody working there either. Barely anybody gambling...guessed they voted with their feet. The rooms were okay, nothing too fancy but certainly homely. My biggest problem is with the employees. Rude as all hell. I had to study some papers for the next day and decided to sit at a table outside the convention room and I didn't get into 5 minutes of my work before some POS security guard kicked me out. I told him I was just there to read and make notes. He told me he was there to make threats. So offended was I by this retarded attempt at securing the hotel, I went to the front desk to let the first person who tried to help me have all my rage. She apologized and then sent me to another area that was quiet where I could work. I got kicked out of that area by another dumb security figure. Went back to the front desk and then complained a little louder and then she had to radio all the security personal to lay off the idiocy. I then went to another section and then could finally do work. Not without being harassed again by another security guard, by this time I was over it and decided to go back to the room and blow off the work. It did not work out well the next morning because I didn't do it. I mean, seriously, how much of a security threat is it to have someone in a small corner writing notes and reading lecture slides? I had the vision that perhaps someone with a top hat and cowboy boots was going to come up to me and say, "Son, if you ain't gonna drink or gamble or bring hoodrats back to your room you best git outta this hoawtel!"
4	We had a fantastic time at the Paris.  We scored a pretty great rate on a "blue" luxury room, which concerned me a little since it was Spring Break week and I had heard that some of the rooms are a little small.  Nothing to worry about at all!  Our room was lovely and quite large.  I loved that the bath and shower were separate.  I thought the beds/pillows were really comfortable (although, I agree that the sheets were a bit rough).  We could barley hear our neighbors.  Our view was incredible!  We overlooked the pool/Tower/Bellaggio fountains.  The location was so perfect.  We could walk anywhere we needed to get and we were in the little section of the Strip that I like best any way.  We did take some trips out of the Strip area, so we did the valet.  They were really quick!  Much quicker than walking to the free lot, so we only parked in that once.  It was really big an easy to get a spot though.  I am not a fan of casinos (I know, I know... it is Vegas), so I was happy that ours was smaller and not really loud.  I also liked that we could scoot around it when we went up to our room, so we didn't smell from the smokers.  Sorry, I think it is just gross.  Our concierge was great and very helpful.  We also got the text message discounts and took full advantage of them!  Mon Ami Gabi is lovely.  I am a fan of the one in Chicago, so I was happy to have it as a hotel restaurant option during our trip.  One the first morning, we stopped to grab coffee at one of the stands and the server gave us a tip that the crepe stand makes coffee with Bailey's for $5 -- delicious!  We only got to enjoy the pool once (Santa Ana winds -- grrr!), but it was lovely.  We made the mistake of ordering the super syrupy sweet frozen drinks.  Really expensive and really weak.  As we settled into our pool chaises though, a waitress came by and told us it was happy hour.  That was a much better value!I will absolutely stay here again.
4	My wife and I decided to stay here this time, because we got engaged at the top of the Eiffel Tower here back in April of 2006, but have never stayed here. My father who lives in Vegas booked a basic room for us and then I called and had them upgrade not only the room, but they added a package where you can have breakfast (7a-11am) and a manager's reception (5pm-8pm) everyday in the lounge which is located on the 31st floor. The breakfast was the basic continental stuff, but for some reason the OJ tasted soooo good here. The evening reception was nice. They had all you can eat shrimp, and a few good hot apps. Each time you can have 2-free drinks per person. If you have over 2 then they are $4.00 per drink. They had liquor there as well in the evening, so you could make your own drinks. However strong you wanted. The hotel - I called right when we landed which was at 9am to see if they just happened to have anything ready. Luz at the front desk said they did have something on the 10th floor ready, but to call back around 11am to see if anything better opened up. I called back and they had a room on the 21st floor which we opted for. We ended up in room 2198P. The room was nice, but nothing SUPER. The bed was comfy, from what I remember. We had a few chairs and a couch. No flat screen, but a vanity area for the wife. The bathroom had shower and bathtub. Out of one window we could see the pool and the Eiffel Tower and from the other window we could see and hear the Bellagio Fountains which was cool. We did eat at the buffet which i will review separately. Overall everyone we talked to at the hotel was nice and helped us out with anything we needed. Oh and just so you know, if you want a late check out and they are sold out the night you check out they will charge you $400.00 to check out late. Since we had family taking us to the airport we just checked out on time and brought out bags to the Bell Desk for them to hold for a few hours. As we were walking to the Bell Desk we noticed that there was a hell-a line to check out. With my wife and I traveling a lot, we opted to check out through the TV in the room. We checked our bill and check out in a matter of 5 minutes. If your bill is correct, I would just check out through the TV rather than standing in line forever. We would stay here again, but only if we get the same upgrade with the food. It was well worth it.
2	I am ONLY reviewing the two eating establishments here since we didn't stay here.  It was a time when we were both overly hungry and needed food ASAP.  The sandwich from the hotel was great the first bite and it got exponentially worse after every bite, since I was no longer starving.  Then we headed to that madeline's bakery that had just opened and ordered some eclairs.  Those eclairs looked good but the dough was gummy and soggy.  The cream tasted like Jello instant vanilla pudding and the chocolate outside tasted like Jello chocolate pudding.  All in all, everything looked pretty but didn't taste great.
3	Pretty good rooms and location on the strip (especially for free).  Restaurants arent that exciting, but again, you can walk to everywhere else.
4	For some reason everytime I come to the strip I always end up visiting Paris I don't know why but I really like this Casino maybe cause it's much smaller than the majority of the Casinos on the strip, anyways another good thing is they are also part of the Total Rewards program so i was able to play and get points there too. I also went to the gift shop to get a tee they had a sale two for $20 or $12 each so I was happy with that.
4	came here on a recent vegas trip with friends.took advantage of the friends and family discount and got a room for $89 after those ridiculous fees like "resort fee."the luxury rooms are pretty nice and the bathroom has a tub and shower.would definitely come back since it wasnt dirty or anything and was pretty spacious. and well at $18 a person (we had 5 people) i would say its a deal especially since its somewhat in the middle of the strip.
4	Love their rooms! Big window overlooking the strip; marbled, wide bathroom with a big tub and shower; awesome, clean service. I like their bed chocolates, too hehe.Good pool and plenty of full-sun and shaded seating for a lazy, warm Saturday afternoon full of people. There weren't enough servers, but when you got their attention, drinks came pretty fast. Cute shops inside, too. The casino itself was standard; nothing to complain about. I like the fact they're connected to Bally's which is connected to the Strip and walkway to Bellagio, which is connected to Caesar's and the Forum shops. =]
4	Harrah's got it right with this property.  You can't beat the location.  You can rest here and hop around the strip.  I love the Tower Experience.  Great Spa and Pool.  Decent Rooms and worth the price!  Comped rooms are always a good deal.  Can't wait to get back.
4	I like this hotel.  I have a harrahs card from the valley center harrahs and it is convenient to use when I travel.  I was able to use it to get a free room for the 3 nights I stayed there.  There are many casinos to choose from which is great!  I like that Paris is walking distance to the mall shops in Planet Hollywood.  Well the only thing I didn't like at the hotel was their toilets because the one in my room clogged up and I had to get someone to come up with a plunger.  haha.  The pool was nice and big.  It isn't really a place for anyone between the ages of 21-39.  More of a older crowd.  Just decided to get some sun while I was there.  I was also kinda upset that I ordered a margarita and then literally 2 minutes later it was happy hour.  It was a good experience there and free rooms are always great for a long trip.
4	I booked this hotel several weeks before our trip, and it wasn't only until a week before we left that I read the iffy reviews. I started to worry, but most of my fears were unfounded. We waited about 10 minutes in line on a Thursday night. I had reserved a non-smoking king, but all they had were 2 queens and king in smoking. I was offered a petite suite upgrade to $50/night, or to stay in the double room that night, and see if king rooms open up the next day. Since it was just my husband and I, and we were on a budget, I chose the latter. After seeing the room we got, I didn't bother with switching rooms the next morning.Our floor was completely non-smoking, although some jackholes ignored that. It was also pretty close to the elevators. The room was a decent size, even with the two beds, and we had a partial Strip view. The bathrooms are gorgeous; I love that the bath and shower are separate. The TV was a big tube one, but I didn't mind that. It's gonna take a while for these huge resorts to switch them all out. Yes, the Internet is a rip-off at $14.99/day for each device, but we sidestepped that with my husband's Verizon MiFi. I love the central location, the casino's not too big or too small, and the employees I encountered, from the dealers to the bell hops, were very friendly. We didn't have a car, so I can't say anything about parking, but getting a taxi was no problem. Eating options are slightly limited, but that's where the central location comes in. We will stay here again.
4	I love the "Parisian sidewalks" which let you stroll around to the shops and restaurants inside this casino hotel. I love the decor of this place. The location is centrally located on the strip... a prime location with decent prices. The casino itself hosts an average crowd of gamblers... from the old to the young. The rooms are a bit on the boring side, but then again who spends much time in their room while in Vegas?! I certainly do not! The restaurants are delicious, from the buffet to the crepe place and various other restaurants, and lets not forget the one up in the Eiffel Tower. The service is friendly throughout the casino/hotel. Only downside is there is not a decent club inside this hotel... good thing it's in a great location and other clubs are close-by.
3	This hotel is perfectly fine if you get a good rate. When I say that I mean like no more than $90/night- over that just go across the street to Bellagio- they usually are more competitive.
4	The suites in this place never fail to astound me. I checked out the Ville de Nice penthouse while I was there a few weeks ago, and wow! The view was remarkable, the room was enormous and the furniture was comfortable and elegant. I don't know about the other rooms, but the service/PH was enough to make me want to definitely return.
2	I can get over the hokey, faux-French theme of this place, with signs careful to use "le" as the article for everything so that no tourist sees "la" and thinks they're in Mexico...but the amenities of this place were pretty weak for what I paid. First of all, I got stuck in a smoking room because they ran out of non-smoking. Then wi-fi, which is standard in as crappy as places as Days Inns, costs $15 dollars per day PER COMPUTER. I've never heard of a charge so high for what was slow Internet access anyway.Also, no fridge and poor lighting. Weak.The restaurants were likewise awful. I almost always tip 20 percent out of habit but didn't feel bad tipping much less for the poor quality of food and service. Bizarrely, there are lines to most of the highly overpriced restaurants...tourists can't get enough of that fake French feeling, I suppose.
4	I've never been to Paris, France but I can say I got a fake experience in Paris, Las Vegas. They do a good job of replicating landmarks that I've only seen in movies and on postcards. The arch de triumph and the Eiffel tower. Neon lights only go so far it's enjoyable to view architecture even though duplicated.
4	Beyond fun! We went just to gamble on a Thursday night and were told the craps table that was open had dealers and a pit boss that would be more than willing to help us learn. They were all SO funny and nice! We got pretty good at learning and knowing the game... AND WON!! Won at slots there too... they are NOT skimpy with their free drinks while playing either.. they continually were bringing my husband good double shots of Patron on the rocks [and we are no where near high rollers.]Tried the $17 Pina Colada  drinks in the giant Eiffel Tower "cup" ... bleghhhh!!! Whatta waste. We dumped it all out.. not one of the 3 of us were desperate enough for booze to drink it!! The rest of the time was fun in the casino though.. and fairly pretty inside.
5	Love this place (made lots of $$$ at the tables). Drinks are pretty cheap too.  Will hit up again when I return to Vegas.
2	Me and my husband got married at this hotel last month. I stayed in a standard room with my family for the first two nights, and the room was just alright. Nothing fancy or impressive about it. For our wedding night, we booked a suite and requested early check-in. When I attempted to check in that morning, the lady told me that a suite wasn't available yet and to try again later. Totally understandable since I knew that early check-in wasn't guaranteed. The thing that got me though was when I asked her to please call me when a suite became available. She replied, "This is a big hotel. We don't do that." WOW. I'm sorry that I'm not worth a simple phonecall, especially when I am getting married in your hotel and paying nearly $20,000 for the chapel and catering services!  Minus three stars for the rude customer service at the front desk!
4	Location + Eiffel Tower + Decor + tons of eateries + Michael Jackson impersonators (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gg_tJ2vHHNA) = LOVELY, GOOD TIMES!Their rooms are super cute and comfy, too.  I had a standard room when I stayed here last and I really liked the wallpaper and decor.  (Don't judge me...)  If you want to gamble, though, I say walk over to Ballys.  My winning rate was substantially higher there.Definitely do the Eiffel Tower at NIGHT!!
4	Pool was nice, spacious , not like other hotels where the chairs are on top of eachother. Buffet lines were LONG.... food was ok, not extraordinary. Location is perfect, short walk to Ceasars, planet hollywood and other great hotels, casinos. We rented the cabana and for 200.00 (mid-week price) We got a nice snack basket, sunscreen, unlimited sodas, waters and juices, 2 rafts, TV, music, waitress and those misters that kept us cool the whole day! I would recommend this hotel and would definately stay here again
3	Paris is a nice looking hotel, its really cute but when it comes to the room itself, its a different story.We got upgraded to the Red Room which features a more modern decor but the thing about the room that we got, which was at the end of the hall was that there wasn't any hot water, the room was SMALL, and the internet was EXTREMELY slow. When i say slow i mean lets wait 5 minutes for a page to load type of slow.The service was mediocre but the manager, Nate to whom we addressed our concerns, gladly refunded the internet access, comped the upgrade and offered to help book our next night in a different hotel.My suggestion? Stay at PH next door.Overall:Room: CService: B
5	Beautiful hotel.  Nice staff.  Great casino.  We'll be back.  However, if you drink Coke products, bring your own, you can't find them anywhere.
4	This is a really beautiful hotel right in the middle of the strip.We stayed at the hotel for our stay at Vegas and it was great.The room was really spacious and very well kept. The decor was a lot nicer than most hotels.The casino area is a good size and there are a lot of different places to eat in the hotel. Another cool thing is that the hotel is connected to Ballys, so you can walk right over without having to go outside.Location of the hotel on the strip is great because you're right in the middle.The pool is very pretty with a great view of the Eiffel Tower! They also have a shuttle that brings you to the Rio.The club kinda sucked though :(All in all, a great hotel. Prices weren't bad and we plan on coming back and staying here soon! :)
5	If you can get a good price on this hotel, I'd say go for it. It's cheaper than Caesar's and better than Bally's. I stayed here three times, and I tried the $20 trick twice and it worked! Both times, I got great views. Overall, if everything go accordingly, this hotel is my preferred place.
2	For what was supposed to be on the nicer scale of hotels on the strip I was very disappointed. I guess that a bribe is needed for a decent room to be had, forget the fact we paid over $350 for two nights. We were placed at the 21st floor and had a view of the back of buildings.I do not suggest this hotel if you are going to ever put on your make up, the yellow lighting was awful, and all over the room. I figured out that the mirror on the door was better than the bathroom mirror due to the yellow lighting being lessened at that area.Also, several machines in the casino were down and the guy running the roulette table wasn't very friendly at all. We ended up spending more time in Ceasars than our own hotel. The "Le" everything actually became the joke of the weekend. Its ridiculously cheesy, never mind the romance, which our room wasn't very sexy at all. I actually think they gave us a handicap suite. Over all, the Stratosphere beat them when I stayed there last. In room, staff and price. I cannot see the reasoning behind this hotel having a 4 star rating, especially with the amenties being far and few. (15 for internet? come'on. La Quinta has free wifi. ) Its best feature was the location, because you truly are in the heart of the strip, however I think I will try some place else next time, they did not impress..
4	Excellent, cant wait to go back. Very clean rooms, hotel, casino, and restaurants.
4	Great stay here, rooms were nice and clean and everything in working order.  I actually came up from pool to get something from the room while housekeeping was in there and the housekeeper asked to swipe my key card first before she let me walk right in.  She apologized for the inconvenience, but I thanked her and was happy to know they would do that!We reserved the air conditioned villas at the pool for 2 days and it was well worth it!  Service was efficient and friendly both days.  Any problems we had were quickly tended to.Down at the hotel lobby lounge we loved our bartender Big Daddy and who could be upset about 2 for 1 martinis????And free parking garage parking!!The only gripe is $25 fee for day use of the fitness center, really?  That seems lame.  At least give me one day's access with the room!Buffet a little lame too, they advertise breakfast buffet until 11AM, but by 10:30 they are not replenishing any items and right at 11 it switched to lunch.  Oh well.Overall a great stay though and we didn't lose too much in their casino!
4	I enjoyed the games drinks and walking around it. I see a few bad post about the rooms. Makes me want to check it out because just walking around looking at the artistic decor thoughout the casino I couldn't believe that they would make the rooms cheap.
3	Stayed here around 4 to 5 times on different occasions.  It was once my wife's and I favorite place to stay in Vegas.  We still do come here even though we don't have a room.  The hotel is just that beautiful inside and out.  The way they make the inside look like a Paris village is cool with cobblestone looking streets and the sky blue ceiling that looks like the sky.Even though we still go there.  The hotel isn't the same as in past visits.  First of all the gaming is super stingy.  The machines don't pay out and the blackjack tables are ridiculously hard to win.  Not very fun when you don't feel like you have a chance.Another let down is the service is not as good as in past visits.  I know we have been in a recession but dang this is Vegas.  Act like you like your job.  Too many employees with long faces.  People come from all over to Vegas to spend money.  Be happy you got a job.The buffet and the cafe are still the best in Vegas.  At the Le Cafe, I always get the french onion soup.  My favorite.  The prime rib dinner is also a winner.  Do expect to stand in a line and they do move slow.Lately, we have been going to the adjoining casino to Paris, Bally's.  It seems to be more laid back even though it's owned by the same people.  The tables and machines seem to pay out more too.  They also have a cool lounge that usually has a live band playing.  We seem to end up there more often.  We usually have a cocktail or two, listen to some music then hit the tables.  Not to blast Paris but they could take some notes from Bally's.
3	It's small but it'll do. The room was just OK, but if you're spending mass time sitting in your room then you shouldn't be in Vegas anyway. Maybe skip Vegas and go to your grandma's house, I'm sure she'd love to sit around and do nothing with you. Maybe she'll make you a sandwich and you can watch Murder She Wrote. For those who are in Vegas to actually DO Vegas, here are my highlights: Pro #1: LOCATION. It's right in the middle of the strip, if you're planning all kinds of debauchery across the touristy part of town you're in the right place. You are positioned perfectly for a quick cab ride or a chill walk to anywhere else on the strip. Restaurants, clubs, bars, shopping, you're right in the center. I loved THEhotel at Mandalay Bay a few weeks prior but frankly it's at the very end of the strip, those cab rides pile up quick son. Pro #2: The audio being played in the bathrooms. Yea that's right, go take a leak and listen carefully to what's playing in the can. It's an audio lesson that teaches you "helpful phrases for your Vegas trip" in French. It is Paris after all, why not learn some French right? Ladies, you will learn how to say helpful comments such as: "I shaved my legs for this?" "If my husband calls, I'm not here. If the pool boy calls, I'm here." "Has anyone seen my panties?" Fellas, take note: "You know what? Your clothes would look great on my bedroom floor." "How do I get this glitter off my clothes?" "Oh bleep, where is my wedding ring?" And many more. The phrases sound a lot sexier in French too. I'm not blown away by the rooms but there was a bed and a shower, all you really need. The main casino and shops are small in comparison to others in the area but they're nice, and Mon Ami Gabi is a tremendous restaurant located on site. Delicious affordable wines, fantastic food, AND it's the only friggen bar in Vegas I could find with Fernet! I dig it. Nothing amazing but it's positioned right where I need it to be. That plus Fernet, I'm gold.
3	Room: Everything was clean and we enjoyed using the flat screen t.v. while getting ready but there was a white/creamy-ish stain on the runner of one of the beds...I really don't want a reminder that I'm sleeping in a bed that several others have slept in (or did more than just sleep in).  But all in all, very comfortable room - MUCH better than Harrah's or Imperial Palace (but those hotels aren't on the same scale as Paris in terms of cost either).  Restaurants:  The food here is really not very good.  We ate at Le Cafe and tried to eat at Le Village Buffet but the line was too ridiculously long so we settled for a crepe stand instead.  Everything was just very mediocre.  Nothing was amazing, it just did the job of satisfying my hunger.  Casino:  The casino area is very small and I lost money there so I will associate negative feelings with that area.  But to be fair I only bet and lost $20 (big spender...) and I did have fun the entire 20 minutes I was playing roulette.  I would stay here again...but if I could afford Encore I would not give this place a second look.  Au Revoir Paris.
4	I like to stay at Paris - it really is convenient to everything on The Strip.  Since you are in the Harrah's family, there are lots of places to use your club card to rack up comps.  I like the layout of the casino and the setup for the video roulette - how lazy can I be???  We cab it to Mandalay Bay for concerts - it is quick and easy.  Our new favorite bistro?  Mon Ami Gabi - i think the Parisian theme is fun since I am unlikely to ever visit the real thing.
4	Uhh.. I didn't stay at the hotel here, so this only pertains to the food.I went to the buffet here... by the way I got in for free which makesit like 20x better, I had lamb, prime rib, assortments of different sweets...but what really did it in for me was the CREPES...I had to try every single flavor/ combination/ whatever~!!!I never felt so full in my life.
3	Not too shabby. I've never stayed here before, but I got a good deal through the total rewards program.PROS-* Location: relatively central to everything, including the caesars forum shops (YES!!!)* Room service: pretty speedy AND they have the most delicious chicken wings ever when you're drunk. My friends and I were in awe of how meaty and crispy yet flavorful they were, even in our hyper wasted state.* We gave the receptionist a $20 and she gave us a free upgrade to their "red room." It was more modern and upgraded than their basic room, but we got stuck with a handicap shower... you know, those huge wide showers that just have the shower curtain blowing around while the water sprays the bathroom floor.* However, despite the aforementioned problem, the water pressure that came out of the shower head was pretty awesome.* they also give you some pretty good coupons with your stay, like a free frozen hot chocolate at serendipity w/purchase of an entree. And if you've been to serendipity, you know that the frozen hot chocolate is WHERE IT'S AT!CONS-* the parking structure is SO FAR from the actual hotel elevators and reception area, you have to walk through all the restaurants and shops to get there.* the handicapped shower, like I said before.* there are NO MIRRORS in the actual bedroom area. There was only a mirror over the sink, and a mirror on the bathroom door. This makes it very difficult for us ladies to get ready at night.* the hotel as a whole just has an old feel to it. old interior, old people, oldass balloon outside (have you ever noticed how old and faded that thing is??)All in all, no one comes to Vegas to just stay in the room all day. It's simply just a place to sleep and nap in between the craziness, am I right??
1	Hmm a $30 dinner buffet with over cooked food, salty, fatty, no fresh veggies or  fruit, and nothing near what I would call good food. If you wanna eat quantity come, if you have taste buds go elsewhere.
2	2 stars because at least they have a good location.Don't stay here unless you are either over 40 or have children. Anyone younger and single should stay elsewhere. Perhaps Aria or Venetian. Even Planet Hollywood. The casino was filled with old folk. That's fine and all, but I wanted more energy, and let's be honest-- eye candy. Rubbing elbows with elderly and kids in Vegas? Not my thing.The pool is there so they can say they have a pool. It was filled with leaves from nearby trees. Our bathroom smelled like pee. And when we asked them to clean it again, it smelled like pee + chemical disinfectant. I wanted to puke.Plus when we checked in, they said they only had a handicap accessible room available for the non-smokers, but they could switch our rooms tomorrow. We made our reservation weeks ago. Why would they suddenly not have a room for us? Methinks Paris is shady. We didn't switch because it was a pain in the ass. The next day the check in line was huge. I bet they just told us we could switch knowing that we wouldn't.I wouldn't ever stay there again and certainly would't recommend it to anyone but my grandma.Also, $25/day to work out and $15/day for wifi. What a rip off. Go downstairs to one of the cafes, they have free wifi.
4	I have always wanted to stay at Paris and this past week I finally did. The hotel itself is very nice inside and definately errs on the side of tasteful and classy - if anything in Vegas can be called either of those things! I'm a bit of a sucker for the kitsch so I liked the interior designed to look like a French street. I have to say, having been to Paris it's a fair representation. Upon check in, I had read that you have to give the receptionist a credit card which they will charge $25 per day, per person. This is NOT the case. The receptionist asked me if I wanted to give her a credit card for incidentals but in no way was it a "requirement". Our room, was OK. Quite large but seems a little run down. Since I am a smoker I opted for a smoking room and in retorspect I shouldn't have because it really did smell very musty. Considering you can smoke almost anywhere in Vegas there was no need to have a smoking room. We tried to coax the receptionist into giving us an upgrade to a room with a view of the strip and were told that we could do that for an additional $59 a night - errrr no. So we had no view at all which was dissappointing but not the end of the world. The pool is beautiful, huge and pretty empty considering the 3000 rooms in the hotel. The little cafe / bar by the side of the pool has drinks and food at reasonable prices and a happy hour from 4-6 each day. I'll Yelp the inidividual resturants etc inside the hotel in a seperate post but all were good in quality and not too badly prices although I realize gone are the days of the $5 buffett. Half price martini's at the casino bar from noon til 7pm was a nice break from the pool bar prices. I packed far too many nice dresses and high heels, a word of caution - the "faux" cobblestone streets do not mix well with 4 inch heels. I learned the hard way! Overall I enjoyed my stay at Paris and would consider going back.
3	The location is nice and the line to check in shorter than others I've experienced on the strip.  The cabled internet is fairly fast but $14 a night.  Interesting choices for restaurants inside this hotel and the whole fake french thing is a trip.
5	I didn't stay here but man this place has a lot of good places to grub, a lot of great venues, and friendly staff...plus...any place that doesn't mind a drunk ass kid walking around high fiving people is a place I like to be at. I like the paris margarita cups so much I went here twice to get some more. Yessir. YESSIR.
4	Outside of the never ending conventioneers sporting matching polos, lanyards, and mustaches, Paris is actually a neat place to stay... It's clean, on the strip, and has a couple of nice restaurants to boot.My stays have been primarily in their Calais Suites, so I may be a bit biased, but the appointments in the room are quite nice. Great bed, nice jacuzzi tub, and double bathrooms make for a pleasant experience.The staff at Paris has always been kind and easy going, from the bell staff, to the house keeping, all smiles... Perhaps it's the tipping that makes them elated, but I appreciate the warmth nevertheless...After a week at Paris, I was definitely ready for a trip home... Thanks Vegas for another week of mayhem, marvel, and staying moonstruck throughout it all.
4	Tips from my stay:Brunch @ the Eiffel Tower Restaurant. Arrive 20 mins before noon to get a good view of the bellagio fountains.  On the weekends, the show starts at noon.You can place reservations for the village buffet.Mon Ami Gabi's outdoor seating is first come first serve only.Eiffel Tower drinks - order strawberry daiquiri with pina colada FRESH.  It makes a difference.Printing your passes or going to the internet is expensive.  Find free wifi.  I suggest find a starbucks (Mirage, Treasure Island, Fashion Show Mall(?))
4	This hotel is in a very excellent location.  The buffet is one of the best. It's connected to Ballys which is pretty cool and cause use chips at either casinos.  The casino floor is kind of small, not a lot of tables.  The bathroom are pretty big.  Walking distance to the most of the nice hotels and casinos.
4	I almost consider Las Vegas/Henderson my second home, not because I party in Vegas every other month. My last weekend in Vegas was my second visit for non-family related purposes. Maybe it's because I didn't stay in the standard rooms, or maybe it's because we got a free upgrade to a room with a view... I enjoyed my stay - two queen beds for all two of us. I especially liked that we were center to all locations. We could have walked to Aria, but were misinformed and took a 5 minute cab ride across the street instead. I did not find spots at the ends of my comforter, and no, I am not an extreme germaphobe but I am so frightened of floral bed linens, and feeling dirty that I decided to pay extra to get a nicer room. I also didn't have any problem with the shower curtain. Oh, wait... we didn't have a shower curtain, we had a separate shower with glass doors. If you're particular like I am, it would be good to consider paying a little extra for better accomodations. I plan to stay here again when I come back with friends.
5	Stayed here for a week in August and I don't have enough good things to say about it. We booked a standard room through Southwest vacation and when I checked in I upgraded for $100.00 a night and got a wonderful view and a concierge lounge with drinks and snacks. Room service was fast and friendly and the concierge staff was very helpful. I just don't have anything but positive things to say about Paris. Even the casino was awesome! Definitely upgrade to a strip view. It is worth it to see the fountains at the Bellagio right outside your window!
4	Very nice hotel. Received great service at check in and by the pool. For $50 you can get a strip view which includes private snack are, free drinks and 10% off spa services. If you use them, it wouldn't be a bad deal. The pool has a great view of the Eiffel tower and other parts of the strip. Rooms are very nice and comfortable. Not the best luxury on the strip, however it's a very nice place to stay. I love the ambiance of the casino. It's nice to stay here and be able to walk downstairs to enjoy the casino. The little shops add a nice touch as well. The restaurant is very good, expensive and good, however my favorite thing there is the souffle. You can go there for just dessert however you won't be seated at a main table, you can eat at the bar.
3	Too excited for Vegas spring break, we got their earlier than check-in time so we called and they let us come in early. *magnifique* The staff was very courteous and accommodating; the concierge specially were very knowledgable about all our questions regarding directions/transportation/etcetc. terrifique!  viva el paris.We booked the Premium Guest Room which came with two queen sized beds enough for 3 to a bed (four if you squeeze) for some hot vegas action if you know what i mean. wink wink. honestly though, the room was very... classy; it was nicely decorated, the wallpaper was yellow, and the lights/furnitures were elegant.I Love love love love the location of Paris. It's right at the center of the strip so we were able to walk at either direction to visit other places like Bellagio and caesars palace. The interior design is breath taking; I felt like I was in another city, and everything -- the shops, the sign, the overall look and feel -- just flowed well and fit together. P.S.  I felt like Paris catered more toward the older crowd, romantic couples, and families because it's slightly more proper (and expensive). There are definitely college people sippin on their alky and dressed to kill for the clubs, but if you want to be surrounded by that wild rawrrr sincity spirit of hot men and women in their 20's ready to pa pa pa pa pa partay, try another place like Planet Hollywood.
2	My husband and I just spent two days this past August at the Paris Las Vegas hotel.  I chose it because of it's centralized location on the strip.  He had never been there so I wanted to book a spot that would allow us to maximize the sites we could see without having to walk from one end of the strip to the other.I was not all that impressed with the room.  When I booked online I registered for a room with a king bed, but when I checked in I was told I'd need to pay an extra $50 per night to get the King room that I had signed up for.  When I showed them the reservation they reminded me that it is not guaranteed.  I think they just wanted me to pay more, which I was NOT going to do.  At that point I just settled for the room with the 2 queens, which was really fine, but the room was not the best I've seen.  The TV was older than I would have expected, the dresser was old and some of the paint was chipped.  The bathroom though was really large and nicely decorated.  It featured a stand up shower and a tub, which I am always a fan of. I guess the thing to remember is that it's not all that important to have a great room when you are in Vegas and should be spending more time out of the room than in it.  Overall, I do love the vibe at the Paris Las Vegas.  I enjoy the feel of the casino and the cobblestone "streets" as you walk through.  We also ate brunch there and I was not disappointed at all.  They had a wide variety of breakfast offerings including some excellent pastries.  The coffee stunk, but I found that most times coffee at the breakfast buffet isn't always the best.  If my husband and I go back to Vegas, I will not be staying at Paris Las Vegas.  I think I'd have just as much fun staying somewhere else nearby and just visiting the Paris Casino and Restaurants.
2	I used to wonder what this hotel was like. I had high hopes and I was totally let down.The rooms are not very elaborate. Decent, plain. The beds were pretty comfortable, but the pillows were flat. At least we had a fridge in the room.I didn't like how small the shopping area was. There was like one row of stores and that was basically it. The hotel was smaller than I thought. The main problem I had was that there were more older folks there than I would have liked. I guess I am not used to maneuvering around so many slow walkers and wheelchairs. I just felt that their pathways were not able to accommodate more people. I'm never going back to this hotel. Even though the location is smack dab in the middle of the strip, it sucks.
4	Excellent gaming with a touch of the french!  Really good crepes too!
1	We were deceived into buying an upgrade that was supposed to include access to the fitness center. I called to complain and they were trying to offer me ANOTHER upgrade. I refused and they refused to transfer me to a manager the first 3 times I asked for one. The manager was no better help. I also found a dirty towel that stunk the room for the first whole day. I also found a bottle of cleaning product in the trash. Then I got allergies and was informed it is common at this hotel. They offered a humidifier. I will never be back. Even if offered a free stay.
4	For the price, location and cleanliness, the Paris is a great hotel for anyone.  I found the staff to be very friendly (through bag check in, room service, direction in the hotel, etc...)I'm not sure what room I stayed in, but the bathroom was large, plenty of counter space to get ready and mirrors everywhere which is always a plus.  There was a king size bed, along with a decent size sitting area.Not to be a bitch, but I noticed someone mentioned how the hotel has old TVs....  um, WHY ARE YOU WATCHING TV WHEN YOU'RE IN VEGAS?  Who chills in their room in Vegas, no one!!!  If you're looking to chill, Vegas might not be the destination of choice. Another thing you can't shake is the LOCATION, so central and overlooks the Bellagio, which I think is better than actually staying in the Bellagio as you can see the building and fountains from afar.  The pool and hot tubs - I think this might be a secret but I was a huge fan.  It's not as big of a scene (there wasn't a bar) but I mean that didn't prevent me from BYOB.I'm not a gambler, the the casino part doesn't really interest me.  This might be because I wasn't as tossed, but I feel Paris doesn't have the stigmatism and other hotels in Vegas has (such as Bellagio or Flamingo) which I dig,  I also remember calling for a late check out, which was easily accommodated, thank you Paris.
2	The architecture on site is magnificent for picture taking and posing! I did not stay at the hotel; however, I did try their buffet. I was not pleased nor did I enjoy it. I was told by word of mouth that the Paris Buffet was the best buffet. WRONG! It was small and the place seemed clustered up with the paint job and decorations. The atmosphere did not seem calming but chaotic. My sister and I couldn't wait to get out of there. The only reason we stayed to eat was because we paid for it. The only thing that tasted appetizing was the pizza and salad. If there is a line for the buffet, do not bother waiting. Just go right across to the Bellagio and your appetite will be satisfied for a few dollars more.Casino wise, it is okay. Every time I visit the Paris for a hand of blackjack, the tables are dead. The design on the inside though is pretty nifty and I love the blue cloud like ceilings. This review is only based on the casino and the buffet. I have never stayed at the hotel.
5	Beautiful venue, the users are very helpful not to mention that the show was amazing. Paying for front and center seating is totally worth it!
3	I've had mixed feelings about Paris LV. Pros- decent room rates (although never paid due comped :D )- central location on the strip...the 4 corners (Ballys/Paris, Ceasers,     Bellagio, Flamingo)- gorgeous interior decor- friendly staff - nice choice of restaurants- easy access to Bally's within same propertyCons- rooms starting to ware & tear- old TV's--old-school tubes- rooms could be bigger in size- casino layout sucks!  So cramped and feels stuffy from the smoke- slots are gawd-awful! DON'T PAYOUT EVER! (to me that is :p)- the exterior looks high end--don't expect too much OverallGrade: C+ / B-
3	This place is pretty cool to go to, they have an eiffel tower that you can take an elevator up to look at the view, dont be fooled though because it isnt free. its nice to check out at least once in your life
3	3.5 STARS.I must say, stayed at the Paris a few times already and this place never really seems to disappoint. The staffs at pretty much any place in this hotel are nice. The rooms are nice and you can find the rooms at pretty cheap rates from time to time.As for dining, that'll be reviewed at a later time.CONS: 1.) The Paris caters to an older crowd. 2.)No young dance clubs except for a live band bar in the casino floor playing Tayo Cruz (blah), Usher and Top 40s hip hop.3.)  Late night casino tables has 2-$10 black jack tables. For a cheapo like me (sorry), I'll start off with $10 and feel the dealer up a bit first before I up it to $25 a hand when I'm rollin.But that's about it. I am a fan of Paris and the Harrah's card program. But I'd wish they'd have more nightly entertainment bars, venues, clubs in the hotel. I guess I have to walk next door to PH for that. Their buffet use to be TOPS, but I think they've gone down a bit. The "Le Cafe" is ok. The breakfast menu is a bit small.
4	BEST PLACE TO GAMBLE. Period.Whenever I play blackjack at the 10 dollar tables here, I ALWAYS win. I've played at this casino at LEAST 5 or 6 times in the past 3 years. Not only do I win, but the dealers (for the most part) are AWESOME and deal with my crazy nature and my constant questions.Also, this place has a yummy buffet (see my past review), cute shops, a cute theme, and the rooms and quaint as well, though I have yet to actually be a guest here. Just gamble here. Your welcome in advance :)
3	This hotel is way too trendy...with it's over the top French theme pervading the hotel. Honestly, it takes away from the overall quality of the hotel...Having said that, I find myself staying here almost every other visit simply because it is clean (at least the newly remodeled rooms are) and it is convenient to access the rest of the strip. It even provides a shuttle to the Rio Hotel, it's sister property. The restaurants are nothing worth writing about...again, the French theme sort of kills anything of quality. The Brunch Buffet is worth checking out if you find yourself with a comp or two. The best thing about this hotel, though, is it's ease of access to Bally's. In the tunnel connecting the two hotels, you can find Le Burger Brasserie (also reviewed), which features the famed 777 burger. For $777 you can enjoy a burger topped with lobster, fois gras, and Kobe beef alongside a bottle of Dom Perignon Rose (you can also have the burger by itself for much less).
5	We'll we finally got married and chose Paris Las Vegas as our wedding site.  It was extremely easy to work with our coordinator Sandra, who helpled us through choosing flowers and making the day a truely once in a lifetime event.  We shopped other hotels like Ceasers and Flamingo, but Paris' chapel was great and the people really took care of us.  If you are looking for a site to get married like Vegas, check out Paris.  It's affordable, great customer service and the chapels are better than other hotels.
3	Nice hotel,centrally located....my only disappointment was that their tv doesn't have any cable channels.And I know that you guys are going to say that it's not important in Las Vegas,but I think that if even motels offer cable TV then such hotel as Paris should definitely have it too.And I also didn't enjoy food that much.
5	I LOVED MY STAY HERE... We arrived here at like 01.00 am and were assisted immediately. The guy was super nice and jokey.. We booked 2 (reg) rooms and only asked if we can have these 2 rooms next to each other. The guy said 'No'... But than clicked on some buttons and did his thing and said ".. But I can upgrade ya to the residential suit, IF THAT'S OK" OHH MATE, YES PLEASE!!! The suit was PERFECT!!! Really luxurious and absolutely amazing... Can't even start to describe how nice it is... Amazing view to the strip.. Yes, I guess we were lucky.. Service here is very quick and you don't feel like you have to chase them up all the time... Maybe it's because the call is from the posh suits?? Hmmm... I love the shops here.. Love the location... I even like the silly gambling machines here... (FIREBALLS RULE AND KICK ASS.... Haa Haa) This is one of my favorites and hope I will be back... At the Presidential Suit........ :D
4	My friend and I were in search of the best buffet in LV, and suffice to day the phenomenon has come a long way from the days of yore where the prices were $4 all-you-can-eat and loaded up with every nasty variety of food that would be guaranteed to require triple bypass surgery before you could even pay the cashier. Still, some are good and some are not so good. Las Vegas Hilton = Ken-L Ration (Kibbles 'n Bits in today's parlance). Enter Paris.For $17.99 you get pretty much of a feast; carving station with prime rib,  roasted turkey, an assortment of cuisines from all nationalities and it's fresh and tasty. There are a myriad desserts which I didn't really partake of, but they all looked good.  Salad station with fresh bacon to sprinkle and a wide variety of dressings. BRIE AND BACON MAC AND CHEESE (comes with a prescription for Lipitor). Not to be missed.Best advice I can give for any buffet including this one is to make a circle around the entire buffet before choosing. Sorry is the individual who chooses first before looking. This could indeed be the all around best deal in Las Vagueness.
5	The decorations and the lights make you feel like being at a warm French town. It has French-styled houses, signs, streetlights, and a whole lot more!! You feel like it's 5:30 in the afternoon in there so always have your watch next to you or you'll be trapped in the casino for the whole night!
4	At first, I was going to comment on how I exploit the Paris for there close proximity to the Planet Hollywood, City Center, etc. BUT I had the pleasure of partying with a few friends in a room at the Paris. I have to say, this place changed my mind. The Paris seems to be the more chill of the hotels amongst the surrounding areas. Where there are parties and debauchery abound, Paris seems to be the more quiet place. The decor seems to hover in the Victorian. The group I was with had a Red Room, VERY PRETTY DECOR: red, plush, very comfortable. Lastly, I have to give props to our fellow hotel goers and security, we were pretty raucous: with the whole knocking on doors, inviting randoms to our alcohol filled awesomeness, and impromptu dj via Bose powered speakers. Security came once to see what the noise was, not about complaints, and spoke with me in calm, collected tone no intimidation.I recommend this hotel simply for the Red Room. Greatness!!
4	First of all, it does not look like Paris, so Paris lovers, don't get your hopes up. My first recollection of Paris was on my 21st birthday.  As is customary, I sat my butt on the blackjack table.  The dealer was nice, gave me a few places to check out that offered birthday freebies and then proceeded to tell the cocktail waitress it was my 21st birthday. Her reply? A very large grin followed by, "what can I get you that'll get you trashed?" Hmmm...okay, considering that this was my first time at a table and first time ordering a drink in Vegas, I was scared. I asked her what she would recommend and she described to me a shot called a "Washington Apple." Okay, a shot? No problem.  I tell her to go for it and bring another shot of tequila too. I continue to play blackjack and within five minutes, she returns with a shot and a glass. ...what? Apparently, one was my tequila and the other was my triple shot of Washington Apple.  Well, here went nothing...After that, I honestly don't remember much of anything...Overall, four stars for having awesome employees that are personable and fun. Quite frankly, that goes a long way with me!
3	I stayed here with my husband for 3 nights in November. The hotel is pretty nice and the staff is really helpful and friendly.The casino has a great "natural light effect" illumination so you always feel it's noon! The downside is that it's really small and I felt there wasn't enough waitress to bring you drinks... so you had to be paying attention to see if a waitress passed by instead of focusing in your sloth machine...The breakfast buffet was really good... get there 10mins before 9am and you'll save like 2hrs of queue!The shoppes are meh... definitely go to other hotels and you'll find better ones...The rooms are spacious and the bathroom is really clean. The thing that surprised me the most (and that's why I took 2 stars off) was that the last day of our stay, I was looking for an earring that had fallen on the carpet and I saw AN OLD SHOE under the bed! A disgusting dusty old shoe!!. That made me feel that they don't do the cleaning that well... o_O Thank God it was the last day!I think next time we are in Vegas we will definitely stay in another hotel...
4	You really can't go wrong with Paris. Rooms are always clean from the times I've stayed here, its got a great casino to play at, it has a great buffet, and its smack dab right in the middle of the strip. Recently, my buddies and I decided to do a weekend in Vegas. Having 4 guys staying in one room, we didn't exactly make the place look that appealing by the end of the day (it looked and smelled stanky). Thankfully the maid did a masterful job with the room every day making it look like we never set foot in it before. We made sure to give him/her a rightfully earned tip and definitely gave the hotel brownie points in my yelp review. The only gripe I have would be the gym. Why make us pay $25 for this luxury?? It makes no sense why it would be that much for such a little accommodation.Otherwise, one of my favorite places to stay on the Vegas Strip.
4	This hotel is a must see in vegas, I've stayed here once, but it wasn't a suite or anything so it was no big deal. Inside is cute since it has the bottom of the eiffel tower's leg inside the hotel. They sell crapes inside which gives you the whole french feeling. I haven't been up the tower but my grandma tells me it's just like the real deal! The restaurant outside in front of the hotel looks really good, since it's always busy. Playing the slots here is nice since they give you espresso shots and cappuccinos while you play. If you don't stay at the Paris Hotel, go visit since it's a vegas must see!
4	In terms of Strip hotels, the Paris Las Vegas is a mid-range hotel.  It certainly is not on the same level as Bellagio, Wynn, Aria yet I it is the ideal choice for those looking to avoid the stuffiness associated with the the top hotels.I booked a Red Premier Room (Rm#2805)  which faces the Bellagio fountain and the Eiffel Tower (Rooms offer a couch that can turned to face the Bellagio fountain).  I don't think you'll find a room with a better view anywhere on the strip at any price point and I loved the 52' flat screen TV.  I would book here again and again as I could find no fault with my accommodations.Onsite restaurants were adequate and the booked entertainment was of no interest (Manilow and some 3rd rate hypnotist yet I was not there for that.)
3	This theme hotel in the center of the strip has been getting tired over the years, however, they have been slowly updating. Stay in one of the updated suites, not bad. This is not the Venetian, which is my favorite, but certainly was not slumming it. The Hotel is small enough to be able to navigate with ease (unlike MGM and others). The location provides a great central location to take in all that Vegas has to offer.
3	For some reason, I expected more. Maybe because the fake Champs Elyses (sp?) was closed. Don't know exactly why I had high expectations. It was perhaps a bit cheesier than the others. I wanted to try some food here - Bouchon came recommended by a few.
4	I really liked my stay at the Paris. Although we were supposed to check in at 3, we arrived at noon and received our rooms right away. They were spacious and clean!Since we didn't get the room cleaned the second day, we called room service and asked for a couple of towels and shampoos; 5 minutes later someone knocked on the door with 4 towels and a HUGE bag of soap, shampoos and conditioners. Definitely what I like experiencing in hotels. Things to check out:1)The Eiffel Towel replica is the best thing to look at at night.2) Check out the crepes place in the hotel; their crepes are one of the best!3) Buy on of those tour eiffel drinks or the big paris ball as a souvenir!and lastly: HAVE A BLAST!!
5	In 2002 At night, the tower was actually very pretty. Everything in Vegas is better and prettier at night. Trust me.   The Paris Casino is just like all the others- except the bathrooms are cuter.  The shows here at this hotel are......hehhhhh.  Speaking of the Bellagio-  Our favorite restaurant this trip was the one at the Paris, Mon Ami Gabi (see my other reviews) . Nestled right on the balcony...you can watch the huge beautiful water show at night.  It's breathtaking and quite romantic.  This is the place to be if you want to pop the question on your lady. Right Here.I was not asked here, I was actually asked in a more romantic way- but you get the picture.  We came to the restaurant here right after he asked me, so...Think of how many relationships blossom here from the beautiful view.Our favorite song was "Time To Say Goodbye" by Andrea Bocelli  and to this day- I cant hear it without thinking of the night I was there, with Bear, watching the water sway.  Here, listen to the video I recently found on an old phone. I was so excited to see that I still has this inside the phone.  https://vimeo.com/49415946It's the most romantic water show there is, and from the point of view from the French restaurant, on the balcony....  Oh--  I get all mushy and get goose bumps when I think back and remember this special memory.  You would not think of Vegas as a romantic place, but If your with the right person..who has a wonderful imagination.... it definitely can be.
4	Even though I'm such a loser at this casino, I can't help myself in always returning. The hotel is beautiful, the Eiffel tower at night especially is magnificient, and the bathrooms? So cute! There's French being spoken over the loudspeakers. It's a lesson in naughty French sayings. Hilarious! The buffet line is ALWAYS long as hell, but I'd like to try it one day. I might camp out so I'm first in line. Walked by at about 3pm one day and there were about 220 people in line..yikes. The shows look pretty "meh," save your money for somewhere else. Super cute hot air balloon drink holders. I just bought an empty one and keep it as decor in my house.
4	I've had 4 Vegas vacations in the last year and a half (can someone say: OVERKILL) and Paris is the prettiest hotel I've stayed in thus far.The service is average, rooms and bathrooms are pretty small... but we were barely in ours other to sleep so that was fine with us. I guess the best part about staying in Paris is the essence of being in actual Paris (not like I'd really know, but still...) with all of the shops, architecture, restaurants, rustic feel, and even cobblestone. Which, by the way, is SCARY and dangerous walking on in heels. We had a view of the eiffel tower and Bellagio fountains... gorgeous to go to bed each "night" (it was more like 6am ;-P) and wake up to each afternoon.We got an amazing deal from a Sunday-Wednesday - $200 for 3 nights! Be sure to try the hotel's website to book, as they have quite a few deals and offers.The only annoying part is that the self-parking structure is all the way on the opposite side of the hotel from the lobby. My friends and I had bags upon bags of stuff and it was torture trying to walk through the hotel, trying to squirm through all the doe-eyed tourists. We had to make 2 trips back and forth on our way out. Parking is free which is a plus, but still...
4	The buffet is great best in Vegas
4	I love this casino! Why? Because it's newer and classier than Bally's casino. Because it's conveniently attached to Bally's. Because the dealers are so awesome (Michelle and Rex at the roulette tables are the best!). And mainly because I won enough money at Paris to pay for my entire trip! Plus, Paris is gorgeous inside and out!
4	Before the word "Staycation" was chic and cool, we would take weekends off and stay here.  We enjoy Paris for the following reasons:- It's location in the center of the Strip.  You can easily access many of the other Strip properties from here.- The view of the Bellagio Fountains.  As I described in another review, we love the Fountains @ the Bellagio.  You can request a room with a Strip/Fountain view and if you're lucky enough to get it, you'll be treated to a wonderful scene.http://www.yelp.com/biz/fountains-of-bellagio-las-vegas#hrid:5mSBxtxJXkCKC2b1hRys8A- Monorail station.  The monorail station stops at Bally's, which is next door to Paris and easily accessed.  I'm a fan of the Monorail, so it's always a bonus to be near a station.- Decent food selection.  One of our favorite restaurants in the Eiffel Tower Restaurant.  While we don't eat here often, we make it a point to do so if we have a weekend getaway here @ Paris.  The Buffet is ok and the Italian joint is pretty good too.  A little something for everyone.Overall, we always have a pleasant experience here.Will I return?  You can count on it.
4	The outside decor is beautiful with the Eiffel Tower, fountains, huge Paris balloon, and the Mon Ami restaurant right on the sidewalk.  Once you enter the Hotel you are immediately drawn to the fresh bakery smell of bread/croissants and desserts.  There are cobble stone walkways throughout the hotel but that's where it ends. The casino has a strange vibe to it and different layout.  I'm not a fan of the inside of this Hotel as it seems they spent a lot of money on the outside but just crammed slot machines everywhere.  I flew in with my wife on our anniversary to see Tony Bennett in concert (awesome) and had a corner suite on the highest floor.  The room was way above average with a dinning table, separate bed room with a LCD that rises out of the foot of the bed, nice bathroom, and decent size sitting area.  The view was spectacular and I must commend the room service food was extremely good.  Definitely a solid 4 star resort, not the biggest, but definitely top 10.   The food here is way beyond expectations as we tried all the restaurants including the steak house and were more than satisfied.
4	First off the service. I can tell you that I didn't personally receive bad service, but there is definitely a "rushed" feel by some staff to try to serve as many customers as possible. But I one of the staff was absolutely fantastic. The first night I checked in I was woken up by a Korean family at 1am in the morning. It was really frustrating, so I went down stairs to complain (nicely) and requested a room change. The cool thing, she upgraded me to a penthouse suite...all to myself! I was so mindblown. Went into the room on 33rd floor. There was a dining room table, 1.5 bathrooms. A living room to watch TV, a fridge, and a view of the strip where I could see Cosmpolitan, MGM and Planet Hollywood. Washroom was 1.5 times larger than the one i booked on the fifth floor.And the best part, the bedroom was on it's own and I had such wonderful sleep. Went back down and tipped her $20 dollars for the best upgrade ever after I saw the room.Everything was great, and Paris made my first trip there absolutely one of the best highlights of my life.Inside decor: The decor outside is mind blowing and looks wonderful at night. It's such a great exhibit and to see the Arc De Triomphe just adds that little bit  more zing. The inside is charming and makes the first time walking through interesting. It's almost like walking through a village with cobblestones.  And the interior feels as if the sun is about set. Buffet: word to the wise...the buffet line up is long. I didn't eat there, but there was never a time I woke up nor retired to my room that there wasn't a line up. Even there 24 Hour cafe has a line up after the buffet closes.
3	I can remember when this place first opened. I was about 8 or 9 and my mom took me here. My naive little mind thought it was awesome as it was a little piece of France in the middle of my own city!Wow, how things change as you get older.The outside is nice, in a strangely tacky way with the Eiffel Tower, Arc de Triomphe and several other important Parisian landmarks I can't remember the names of all on top of each other. The inside is a claustrophobic mess. It was built in 1999 and yet if I didn't know any better I would probably think it's much older.Anyways.Things I've heard: Ray J likes to hang out here. Of all places on The Strip he chooses Paris.....don't ask me.Interior and Decor: Very little space inside as already stated. Even on a non-busy traveling day and/or weekend it's still crowded. The fake sky on the ceiling sort of implies that the Eiffel Tower is higher than the stratosphere (the actual stratosphere, not the tower).....yeah. The fake trees and plants inside are quite hilarious. Food: The Le Village Buffet is one of the best in town. Everything else is very French save a burger place in the back.Miscellaneous (or in other words I don't know what category to throw everything else in): The restrooms are awkward. If I have to drain the weasel when I'm in here (and I strangely seem to be in this place a lot) I actually will walk all the way to the bridge in the back and use it in Bally's. No barriers between the urinals, and the appearance of the stalls make me feel uncomfortable. They're just weird. Also, the shopping area is also very French, and not in the Chanel sense. Le Enfants probably is a store for babies and/or children, whatever the names of the other stores mean....your guess is as good as mine, unless you know French.Amsterdam always seemed more appealing than Paris. Maybe I would like it better if it were an Amsterdam themed place? Oh well, at least you can get a crepe pretty much anywhere inside here.
4	Paris is a great choice when staying on The Strip!It's in the center, so there are tons of choices for fun. Next door are the Miracle Mile Shops & Planet Hollywood, across the street is the new Cosmopolitan, Aria, & the rest of City Center, attached is Bally's & the tram station, and cab rides anywhere else on The Strip (necessary in stilettos!) are short & inexpensive.The rooms are not overly lavish like some of the newer super hotels, but not bad either. The beds are comfortable (although they're stingy with the amount of pillows!) and the bathrooms are fine.The pool is cool in the summer, especially with the magnificent view of the Eiffel Tower replica right there!There's also a good amount of choices when you need some food to soak up the booze and/or cure a hangover. There's the Mon Ami Gabi restaurant I've been wanting to try but haven't had time, the Paris Buffet which has crepes and ridiculously awesome pretzel bread, Le Burger Brasserie which is a good casual choice, Le Creperie, etc. You can see I've stayed here once or twice. ;)My favorite part about Paris, however, is THE BEST BLOODY MARY, made by the cutest and nicest bartender in Vegas, Natalia. Generally speaking, I don't even like that kind of drink! But she makes them from scratch, and are ridiculously delicious. She even caters to different spiciness preferences, depending on individual tastes. We experienced her talent on our last visit to Vegas, and this time beelined it right to her bar (the "Central Bar" by the Blackjack tables) as soon as we had a chance. She typically works the earlier shift (we asked!), so it's perfect for when you topple out of bed and need a "hair of the dog that bit you". Be sure to try one next time you're there - you'll be so happy you did!
4	I'm gonna be honest, the only reason why I'd give this place 4/5 stars is because I won $45 with $3 at the penny slots and the cocktail waitress introduced me to an awesome drink which will probably be my new starting drink-L.A. Water...mmmmm!Oh and this place was GORGEOUS inside! Even though I didn't get to explore much of it, but still-Paris Las Vegas left an AWESOME impression on me and I'll come back whenever I get the chance!
3	It's been a while since I have stayed in Paris.  I've always thought the accommodations were overpriced here.  The newer refurbished RED rooms are ok, but still the rooms are comparatively small and outdated for the others.  Location is good, close to center strip.  Great views of the Bellagio fountains.What is nice is the layout of the casino and the feeling of being outdoors and staring at the clouds while you hopelessly give away your $$$.  There's not a lot to do in here other than the tower.  No shopping.  No clubs.I saw one of the rarest occurrences in Pai Gow here last weekend.  A 7 card straight flush w/ a joker.  But of course, it was the dealer that hit it.  So no bonus, no envy payout for anyone.  I sobbed.  Another reason to hate this place.  But I'm just bitter.
3	Beautiful hotel and gorgeous architechture. Good food, and amazing pastries. The casino is very attractive, not too loud or too smoky. However, there are a lot less shopping choices compared to Caesar's or Planet Hollywood.
4	The building and Eiffel tower was amazing. I loved how the casino was under the tower and with french influence surrounding everybody. The gift ships were too pricy compared to the other hotels.
3	Let me preface this review by saying that I love the Paris Hotel.  I've always liked visiting, mainly because of their Champagne Brunch on Sunday and also due to their cafe and crepe selections.  I am giving Paris a sad 3-star rating after actually staying here for 1 week.The best features of this hotel are the restaurants and welcoming atmosphere.  The cobblestone floors give it a nice touch, although a bit tricky to walk on when wearing 5-inch Louboutins.The Eiffel Tower is a beautiful landmark in the midst of high-rise buildings but their room accommodations are simply not up to par.  It isn't the most expensive hotel but for comparable rates I'd rather stay elsewhere.Room = 2 stars* a standard room during CES week (or any Convention week) is overpriced at all strip hotels but even if it wasn't CES week, they really need to update these horrible rooms.  At LEAST add a flatscreen TV.  I know these are available in their suites but it comes standard to new hotels so they need to stay competitive.  My biggest gripe was the bed. OMG!! After day 1, I thought I needed a chiropractor.  I suppose it doesn't help that my bed at home is a Tempur-Cloud Supreme.  My neck and back had kinks all week long!Room Service = 3 stars* I ordered room service 2x for lunch during my 6-night stay.  The 1st order arrived w/in 20 mins and I was very pleased with their Spinach Salad and Rotisserie Chicken Noodle soup.  My 2nd order took over 1 hour to arrive.  I almost called to complain because over the phone they told me 30 to 40 mins.  My 2nd order was a tuna salad sandwich which is usually served in a Croissant but I opted for Rye bread instead.  It was delicious!  The clam chowder had a nice flavor although the clams weren't very big.  Both meals were reasonably priced around $30 including tip.Housekeeping = 4 stars* I do not need my room cleaned every day because I'm not a messy person.  However, the few times I called for maid service they were great!  I was in the room 2x while housekeeping cleaned up.  The woman was really friendly, polite, and personable.  WiFi = $14.95/day* a bit expensive but at least it was reliable.  I used the internet for 4 days.  Some hotels have specials for 3 days or 5 days so this would have been nice rather than paying a daily rate.Bar = 4 stars* the main bar (in the middle of the hotel) has happy hour from 12p to 7p.  That's a hell of a happy hour. 2-for-1 martinis. Not a bad deal for Vegas and they offer waiter service so you don't need to wait at the bar.
1	Dear Paris,Your front desk staff ruined my stay at Vegas. I was there a month ago and I am still mad now. So here goes my story:We made reservations for 2 nonsmoking rooms. My family and I arrived early, we tried to check in at 1pm but was told by the staff at Guest Services that our rooms were not ready and to come back at in 2 hours. Fair enough. We walked around for 2 hours, my mom started to feel ill, we returned to the front desk at 3pm. We were again told the rooms were not ready. We informed the front desk that one of the members of our party is not feeling well and we want to know how much longer is the wait. We were told in a very unsympathetic tone "I don't know. Come back in half an hour." We came back at 3:30 and was again told in a very monotone "Your rooms are not ready." So when can we expect our rooms? I asked. "I don't know. It's not ready yet." By this time, my mom was really feeling ill. The smoke in the casino was bothering her so she was literally sitting on the floor in the lobby. Which brings up another question, why are there no chairs or sitting area in your lobby? I guess that's because you want us to go and sit in the casino right? We again, informed the staff that someone is not feeling well. We have two rooms, can we check into one. We got a very unenthuastic "Sure". She found us a room. How long has that option been available? And then even more puzzling, she handled us one set of room keys and then a few seconds later, handed us another set of room keys. No explanation what-so-ever but apparently, we got both of our rooms. The next day, I decided I wanted to speak to management about this. Certain family members tried to talk me out of it saying "Don't bother, they have our money only. They don't care. We're not high-rollers." I thought about it but then thought it's not fair to you if we don't even give you the opportunity to make things better. So the next day, my sister and I went down to Guest Services and asked to speak with the manager who's on. We spoke with the manager. We told her what happened. She gave us a fake smile and without looking into anything said she can explain to us what happened. She states that they usually try to accomodate early check-ins but sometimes it's just not possible. I can understand that but wait, isn't the check-in time suppose to be 3pm? Apparently not, she said their check-in is at 4pm. Bellagio, MGM Grand, and many other hotels on the strip have a 3pm check-in time but at Paris it's 4pm. This was also information that we never received at the front desk. She also apparently didn't feel that our complaint of lack of communication with the front desk was justified. We were sent back and forth three times but she said rooms are constantly being turn-overed and said "at a click of a button on the computer, things change... We might have no rooms available one second and then the next second we have tons of rooms all clean." The tone of the manager was condescending and patronizing. I was even more upset after talking to her than before. Okay, so maybe I shouldn't have said anything, I'll just write you a nasty yelp review. I can deal with you old and smelly rooms but I cannot deal with you snotty attitude. So in conclusion, I am not coming back to this hotel again. There are better hotels on the Vegas strip. Apparently, the staff here thinks they are true Parisians.
2	Rundown, cheap and it shows. They up sell harder and faster then a Vegas hooker.  Though the girl banging on the door across the hall at 5am cuz she couldn't get in and "had no pants" was pretty awesome but its Vegas that can happen anywhere. Je ne vais pas rester ici encore!
3	I wanted to like it here more but I wasn't super impressed. The customer service was good, the gambling sucks here and the tables have high minimums, but it is cute here and there are some good eateries and the rooms are pretty nice. The bartenders are really friendly. I honestly don't think I would stay here again though. I just know I can stay somewhere a little cheaper where I can actually gamble downstairs.  I did enjoy the margarita-filled Eiffel Towers : )
4	I stayed here this past week from Tuesday-Thursday. Paris has quite a few of restaurants and little shops inside. It is in the middle of the strip, right next to the Miracle Mile Shops, across the street for the Mirage, the perfect location. The rooms were pretty average to me. Nothing too special, nice big counters in the bathroom, decent beds, nice bathrooms. We never heard any noise in the hallways or from any other rooms which was very nice!!!The casino isn't too big, between 4 of us we gambled maybe about $5 the whole time we were there. Room Service is SLOW! We wanted to order a bowl of Frosted Flakes and a bagel with cream cheese and they said it was going to be 45 minutes to an hour!!!!!!!! So we opted out. The next morning we made time for room service and it was quite tasty and just as expensive as most room service's. We booked our room through Expedia.com and got a pretty good price. I would stay here again if I got the chance.
5	My review is based upon the casino action here and the aesthetics of the surroundings both in and out of the casino.  Let me start off by saying that I absolutely love this casino for it's beauty both inside and out.  It is my favorite casino in all of Las Vegas and the decor is unsurpassed.  I love the Eiffel Tower outside and it should be your beacon to finding this incredible casino on the strip.  The outside of this casino is amazing from the tower to the beautiful balloon shaped neon sign proclaiming "Paris" that illuminates the area.  It's really easy to find this place but it is hard to stay away.  I actually stayed at the Circus Circus but walked all the way down here nightly because I loved the casino so much.  The inside of the casino is very open and the ceiling murals really are the best in town, you'll feel like you're outside on a gorgeous day even though it might be raining cats & dogs outside and gloomy.  But the real show stopper here is the slots.  They have the loosest slots on the strip, and I won here every time I went.  Between here and the Luxor I was able to win back more than half of my entire trip.  I ate well on my trip too so I'm not kidding when I say I won good here at the Paris.  I stuck to the same slot machine next to the entrance and just kept hitting $200 payouts continuously.  The waitresses were spot on with their service and were always ready to service me and get me new beverages etc., they even spent time talking to me and really giving me a good smiling face and being genuine people.  Not just a typical robot waiter you might find at other casinos.  Great management and customer service, on top of the most unique decor around make this my top pick for best casino experience in Las Vegas.I tried so many casinos and really, this is the place I went out of my to go to time and time again.  Loose slots, great decor, excellent customer service.  I will definitely be coming back on every trip.
3	This has a great mid-strip location where you can walk to many of the hotels/casinos along the strip. We received a free upgraded room upon check in because it was my wife's 30th birthday (actually when they upgraded us, they listed as a honeymoon instead because they said the system wouldn't let them upgrade for birthday, pretty funny). The casino wasn't overly crowded so you could play your choice of machines or table games for the most part. The casino did feel smaller than most on the strip and has a bit of an odd layout. The Eiffel Tower ride is definitely worth checking out, especially with a 2 for 1 coupon. The room felt old and in need of renovation. The bed was about as hard as if I had slept on the casino floor! There were strange black marks on the sheets which I assume were marker, but this is Vegas so who knows.  The TV was a vintage 1995 model with speakers that made an annoying buzzing sound but then again aside from a quick weather channel check if you are spending your time in Vegas watching TV you are doing something wrong! No free printing your boarding passes here- $5.00 for 5 mins of computer access on a slow and buggy computer by the elevators in the casino. Overall - Meh. It wasn't great or horrible I would consider staying here again if the rates were great due to the mid-strip location and don't regret staying here, but it wasn't spectacular. My wife said she felt like our (free upgrade) room was something out of a  Holiday Inn.
5	So romantic at night at the top of the Eiffel Tower.  Husband proposed to me there.  Has great food (excellent French toast in a little bistro there across from the Paris buffet). It's easy to get to if you're using the monorail (since it's one of the stops).  Definitely a place I'd recommend.
3	Summary: Not bad but not great.  Good deal for the moneyPlusses:Good midtown location;Very reasonable rate;(for the price) an overall pretty nice looking hotel.  It (the casino and outside) have held up well style-wise in comparison to the newer buildings that have come up in the last 12-13 years Paris has been around.  It's not cheesy like NY/NY or Excalabur, and not 80s-looking like Monte Carlo, Mirage and TI;No resort fee;Meah:Not a bad bed but not great, either.  Better than Trump and definitely better than Monte Carlo (avoid MC for that reason alone!) but not as good as PH Westgate (which is frequently one of the best overall deals on the strip);Minuses:While the outside and casino have held up over time, the rooms not as much.  They're not bad, (better than Excalabur and MC) but definitely a bit dated.  The shower is lame.Pricey Internet access (but there's no resort fee, so they're gonna get you one way or another).  Their Internet fee is higher than what most places charge for the resort fee
4	While it may not be as new and exciting as The Cosmopolitan, The Paris Las Vegas Hotel is a staple on the Strip and always serves up a good deal.Obviously, the location is PRIME. It's in the dead-middle of the Strip, so whether you're walking to catch Mystere up at Treasure Island or Ka at MGM, you won't be walking forever and ever, nor will you need to hop on a sketchy bus or take the Monorail. Plus, if you get a room that faces the Bellagio, you can watch the famous lights show right from the comfort of your staying room. All bonuses in my book.I've stayed here two times and both times the staff was equally-friendly and helpful and the rooms were also clean, nice, quiet and spacious. The bathrooms are all recently renovated, which is certainly appreciated.There's a huge casino and more than a handful of on-site dining options, ranging from grab-and-go to nice, sit-down meals. Additionally, there  are several shops and a gigantic outdoor pool at which you can occupy your time.Tip: there is free Internet access in the cafe that's off the elevator bank on the main floor.
3	I love the decor at this hotel. Reminds me of a Disney movie with all the organic designs. :)Stumbled in here drunk off my mind. Hotel is cozy even with 8 people in ONE room. We got the room for free, so can't complain much. The white tea shampoos and conditioners rock! Love the smell and how hydrated it leaves my hair.Nonetheless, the hotel is not that impressive. I feel it needs to be updated. I would rather stay some where else if I were to pay. I am more of an urban girl and this hotel is way too cozy and vieux for me.
4	PROs:* Cozy, comfortable, and clean room. The bed was comfortable and I didn't want to wake up in the morning because it was so comfy.* The shower is separate from the bathtub, so it makes the bathroom bigger than regular hotel's bathrooms.* Awesome location right in the middle of the strip. It connected to Bally's and if you were lucky, you might even will get the room with Bellagio's dancing fountain view.* Cute gift shops and I just love the feel of the common areas of this hotel. It's very European (dooh it's Paris).* Friendly staff from bellboys to housekeepers. Cons:* I wish there are more of the general areas (more shops and entertainment).* No night club, so if you are looking for night time entertainment, you will need to venture to other hotels.
1	Highly disappointed! I will be writing a personal letter to whomever is in charge but this was the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. It makes me sad since I stayed here for my wedding at the Paris Chapel. They get the one star due to the wonderful ladies at the chapel and that is it!!
3	The hotel does not suffer from that crazy smoke smell that a lot of casinos do.  Some of the restaurants are a little to crazy crowded in the morning so they really need to get their food act together so people can go back to gambling quicker.  : )
4	I have kind of a funny story about this place.My mom, step dad and I were going out here for my uncles birthday. I was only staying for 2 day while my parents, 7 days, so my mom didnt want to have to pay for me. So she requested a dble bed room when she made her reservations. When we got there they checked in and we went to the room. I walked in and was like, uh?? There is only one bed. So we marched back downstairs and my mom told the woman that there was only one bed. The woman said, 'Oh I thought that was your husband" (referring to my step dad), my mom just gave her a look. The lady was like, oh well, we dont have any dble bed room available but I can send up a roll a way bed and change your room tomorrow. She said that was fine. So I got to sleep on a roll away bed. So the woman must have thought my parents were fighting and wouldnt share a bed or that my mom likes to vacation with her brother? I dont know, it was kinda amusing. So anyways, I got a lovely pull away bed... The room was kinda small so with that set up there wasnt much room, but it didnt matter cause the view was great! We faced the Bellagio and the Eiffel Tower. The room was awesomely decorated, very classy. My cousin and her fam got a dlbe bed room and we went to see it and it was on the opposite side of the hotel with a view of the parking garage so we were quite happy with our room after that. I do not recommend the Paris's buffet. It was by far the least impressive buffet I had in Vegas. I think I left hungry because it was just gross. WE went over to Plant hollywood and spent less money on the breakfast buffet.
4	Nice Hotel. Clean, modern, updated rooms with enclosed showers (separate from the bathtub). Friendly and prompt service from all the staff. Great Value with rooms for less than $100 much of the time. Nice restaurants with anything from $10 sandwhiches/pizzas up to $200/person fine dining with an amazing view (Eiffel Tower Restaurant). Mon Ami Gabi is one of the best restauarants in Vegas, with a patio right on the strip. The piano bar is cool and there are tons of stores, especially when you venture down the hallway to Bally's. Planet Hollywood Mall is next door. We never found any reason to venture more than a mile away from our hotel during our entire stay!TIP: Spring for the extra $50/night for the "Rendevous Lounge." Daily breakfast bar and nightly dinner/hors d' ouvre bar with two "Build it yourself" cocktails included per day (mine were usually "triples" and no one ever counted how many we had). Good food and drink available here for a great deal.
4	Review is for everything BUT the rooms...Paris was on our initial list of places we wanted to stay and we both regret that we didnt. Just walking by you're instantly struck by the replica Eiffel Tower and when you walk in the faux cloudy sky ceiling gives the casino a much more wide open feel as opposed to the standard you're-trapped-in-here-and-give-us-your-fucking-money feel that most Vegas casinos have. Granted we didnt actually eat at any of the restaurants, but I did make note of the menu and charging "un bras et une jambe" for just about everything is sort of a turn off. That said we liked Paris and we'll be back.
4	My husband and I stayed here over Chinese New Years weekend for a more husband oriented baby moon trip.  Overall, we thought the hotel had an unbeatable location, good value for the room size and quality and some of the better in hotel conveniences on the strip.  The only things we didn't like were the noise level and the high minimum bets at the casino tables but we find that to be the case at almost all the on-strip casinos.  Room: We were upgraded free of charge to a Red room corner suite.  Red rooms are the ones featured in the photos in the lobby area with the plush red leather headboards.  Our room happened to be a corner suite with windows in two directions, including one that allowed us to see the Bellagio fountain show from the comfort of our in-room seating area.  The large marble bathroom also had a nice jacuzzi tub which we took full advantage of.  I did notice that somehow the air in the room was extremely dry and my skin was always itchy from cracking.  Not sure whether to blame the air or the bathroom products for that one but if you stay here, be sure to bring your thickest lotions and chapsticks.  I sure wish I had.  Food:  Paris is one of the hotels that offers the buffet of buffets.  We optioned for a package that included this buffet pass for only 12 dollars extra, a huge steal if you think about it.   I found that the buffet pass helped me to eat healthier because I had access to unlimited fresh fruits and veggies at every meal.  Whenever I'm in Vegas, I find myself more drawn to fresh produce than to the meat and seafood they have so much in abundance.  Maybe its the dessert climate.  Casino: Does it scare anyone else to put down 15 dollar minimum bets?  I'm more used to like 5 or 10.  However, the rules and odds for blackjack at least seem more favorable than at lower limit tables and seemed to make up for the high minimum.  My husband did ok here.Noise: That Napoleon's Dueling Piano Bar and the live music stage in the middle of the casino has got to go.  It is tacky and loud and extremely annoying to come back to after a long walk on the strip.
3	Heated pools!! Great views!!
3	This is only based on walking through to get to the Le Village Buffet.This place was PACKED. There were a ton of people in this casino. The scenery is nice, makes  you feel as if you're really in France. It goes from a casino layout to an actual Paris like street.
1	PLEASE BE ADVISED! Paris hotel is a nice place to stay if you want your vehicle stolen! After discovering our car stolen from the Paris parking structure  we headed off to the security office. With us were other patrons that had their cars stolen as well. Paris' response "We are within our legal limits, you park at your own risk" ... But when cars are stolen NIGHTLY why not secure your structure Paris, the structure is pitch black... why not provide proper lighting as a deterrent, it is not cost effective to keep your patrons safe??It is not a priority?? Hmmm!!Paris Hotel and Casino is only concerned about THEIR bottom line... Not mankind.  THIS IS NO JOKE!  GOOGLE PARIS HOTEL AND CASINO PARKING STRUCTURE AND YOU WILL SEE THIS IS FACTUAL AND AN ONGOING PROBLEM!   PLEASE  do not allow yourselves to fall victim as my family did!
1	PARIS HOTEL AND CASINO WILL NOT STEP UP TO THE PLATE!!My vehicle was found in a  parking lot  totally stripped about  a mile off   Las  Vegas Blvd.  Insurance deemed the vehicle a  total loss. Now we are dealing with insurance headaches. We called the Paris Hotel To give them a second opportunity to make things right, show some compassion...after all we missed dinner reservations, show tickets, and spent our entire stay talking w insurance,  security, police detectives. and car rental personnel...NO SUCH LUCK...  Just a repeat of what we we're told at the Hotel reception  "we are NOT responsible, we are within our legal limit". THEY WON'T STEP UP TO THE PLATE...THEY DON'T HAVE TO, OR CARE TO!  I WILL ASSURE NEVER TO RETURN TO PARIS HOTEL AND CASINO.
4	I am so happy my friends chose this hotel. The hotel is positioned in the middle of the Strip so it was very easy to go in either direction to find fun. We ate at three of the restaurants and the bakery, all of which were awesome and worth trying. We lounged by the pool (in the freezing cold). It's a nice place to sit (and sort of doze off). The rooms were nice enough with a nice armoire that we shoved all our clothes in... we used the ironing board as a beside table while eating our crepes. The washroom was big with separate shower and soaker tub... The hotel was always busy, even at 4:00am. (When are those dang Sex and the City machines free?). We had coffee at some place just outside the elevator and the barista was so nice--- he made me an Americano even though it wasn't on their menu. We bought one of those souvenir Paris balloon ceramic drinks... They are not refillable. We thought they were, but they ain't. I wish we spent more time exploring the hotel because there was so much more to see.
4	Oh how I miss the glory days of the "theme" casinos. For me, the theme ones will always be the most fun. And Paris is one of the best of the theme places.This is definitely one of the properties where you absolutely must take a stroll around inside. And going to the top of the Eiffel Tower is a nice view. There's some good crepe and French bakery-type places. The buffet is ok. There is lots of great viewing of the Bellagio Fountains. Etc., etc.The rooms are pretty great. They show their age a bit, but they are of good size and have a nice decor. For the price, the rooms here are a great value.In the end, though, it will always be the theme, and their total embrace of it, that draws me here.
3	All style and no substance.From the outside, this hotel recreates the beauty of Parisian architecture.  On the inside is pure Vegas overkill. I can't comment on the casino, since I don't gamble.  This review is primarily about the rooms and amenities of the hotel itself. The rooms are nice sized and are ok to lay your head down.  The beds and linens aren't very luxurious, but they could do worse.  The bathroom is very large with separate shower and tub and an abundance of marble.  The surfaces, unfortunately, get a bit slippery, so you need to tread with caution.One nice thing about Vegas hotels is that you can get almost anything at anytime.  This is no exception.
3	I have been to this hotel many times, but recently stayed there for my first time. The rooms are not as fabulous as I anticipated. They just didn't seem that clean. This hotel seems to be busy at all hours of the day and night. It's expensive and there really are no breaks at this hotel. The Eiffel Tower ride was awesome as the view of the strip was amazing. You can see the airport as well.
3	I was disappointed by this hotel. You get the idea it's going to be really classy and sexy but it was just a room... It seemed a little dingy and old all things considered. We've stayed in at least 50% of the middle to upper-rung hotels on the strip so we had high expectations for this one. We wont stay again even with another good deal like the one we got on Expedia ($78 end of March mid-week).
3	Stayed back in January 2011 for 3 nights. This was also my first Las Vegas trip so I didn't know what to expect with the hotels. By far I am glad we decided to stay here for my first trip since the hotels is located in the middle of the Strip. The location alone of the hotel makes it 3 stars, easy to see the sights and sounds of Las Vegas from just within a short walk of this hotel. The staff seemed pretty unhelpful when we needed their assistance. During our checkin process the front desk agent was not very friendly or helpful. We both work in hospitality and we can easily tell when someone doesn't show the skill set required for the job and unfortunately the agent either needed retraining or to find another job. Our keys also stopped working during our stay and loss prevention let us into the room but we had to come downstairs and get our keys remade. We were just coming in from a day spent on the Strip at various casinos, it was our time to relax and get reenergized for the night. They should have sent some new keys up since we had to wait 15 minutes for the loss prevention to come up and let us in. The rooms were quite big but quite old in decor. We stayed in a standard king room which Paris Las Vegas advertises as a Deluxe room. We had a very nice view of The Cosmopolitan and Planet Hollywood. Even though we didn't come to Las Vegas to watch tv, the tv was a very old tube tv that had the old curved glass screen. I think they may need to do a remodel of all their deluxe rooms soon. The bathroom was our favorite part of the room with dual sinks, huge vanity space, separate shower and soaker tub, and all marble flooring. The casino area although small was pretty active and fun when we gambled. We were a big fan of the sportsbook to catch some of the NFL playoff games and the UFC event that took place. The outside of the hotel is absolutely spectacular to look at. We took several photos of the outside area both during the day and at night. Overall the Paris Las Vegas was a good hotel to stay at for my first trip to Las Vegas. Excellent location with a pretty nice casino area and average rooms. Staff service could be improved.
4	Hotel was very nice! Very clean, spacious, and had nice decor! They upgraded our room when we got there knowing we were celebrating that weekend. The bed was the most comfortable bed ever! (that and given we were tired from a LONG weekend). . . overall, we had a pleasant stay; would definitely recommend!
1	1. They NEVER clean up Room Service, it's there more than 48 hrs, just sitting there rotting. You would think Housekeeping would notify them to take it away. 2. WiFi at Paris: $15 a day for Low Signal 1Mbps. WOW! I was told- Low does not indicate how the internet works - Shawn, COX- Windows does not allow you to specify which router to connect to so... there's nothing you can do.(3 hrs go by no tech shows up to check anything)- Nothing can be done but will send a tech (he is real nice about it) - Bin- Tech comes, says (1) I have signal in the room (2) it is my laptop because it's a work laptop so it doesn't work with WiFi in the hotelI explain the entire rest of my company at this conference at Paris has connection with the same laptop, same company.- Supervisor is sent up (Fernando). He says I have connection. He says his cell phone see's the network at perfect signal. I show him that with my wireless tethering off 3G its 5/5 signal but with the COX-Paris network it is 1/5 LOW. I ask to see his. He goes "I cannot get it off 3G so I cannot switch to WiFi." WHAT? Did he go to school??? I tell him how to see it and he goes "See, its medium signal" (1/5). He's blind too, great.I test the laptop in the hallway- 5/5. It's OBVIOUSLY the room.I call the front desk to complain. They don't really care. They said "It may not be your room". This is the worst customer service to date that I have EVER seen at ANY hotel. I ask to be moved and they said they'll see what they can do. Horrible.
4	.., great rooms, awesome set up, good times. I've never stayed here on my own, my friends & I would always split the nightly charge. But from what I remember it wasn't too bad. This past visit, we came here strictly to eat, drink, & wander around aimlessly.Paris' Le Village Buffet was a tasty choice to eat at. The line was ok, but we were happy we grabbed the 24hr. backstage buffet pass from here. Definately a nice place to stay at, check em out!
5	I stayed at the Paris last November. It was very comfortable and clean. The rooms are adequately modern and well appointed. The people that work at registration are very friendly, They really made me feel at home. The servers in the casino were friendly and efficient. I did not have any negative experience there. Not even one minor complaint! Way to go Paris Crew!
4	The set up truly makes me feel like I'm in a town in Paris and I just love those Paris cups full of margarita!  There's also a bakery shop inside the casino that has amazing tasty crepes and nice stores to go shopping if you feel like splurging or win big and and wanna go on a shopping spree. Staying here can be a bit pricey but you definitely get what you pay for.  One of my favorite hotels for sure.  One day I wanna get a room here but until then I'll enjoy the amazing atmosphere this hotel brings!
3	Great place to stay. Tons of stuff to do nearby. Rooms aren't as new and modern as some of the newer hotels, but was good enough for us. Bathrooms in the standard rooms are pretty big.Great places to eat. We really enjoyed the Crepe Place and Mon Ami Gabi.Reserve rooms way inadvance to get the best deals!
4	Beautiful, opulent.  Would have given it 5 stars but the shopping selection is pretty minimal.
1	I cant recommend Paris at all.  I was actually looking forward to staying at  Paris because it seemed like a nice hotel from the appearance of the lobby/casino.  Well, my room was a standard king and it was in disrepair!  The armoire was banged up and missing pieces, the carpet was stained and filthy!  The bathroom had mold in the shower and the vent was caked with dirt and lint.  The mini-bar was empty and all table surfaces had cup stains and had clearly not been cleaned in some time.The casino area smelled so overwhelmingly of smoke that even a few minutes in there resulted in my clothes and skin smelling like I smoked a pack of cigarettes!  Stay at Mandalay if you need affordable otherwise I would stick to the Cosmopolitan, Venetian or Bellagio!!!!!
2	We made a reservation over expedia for a king non- smoking room. But when we checked in we were told that the Patis never guarantees you, but you are expressing preferences at you booking! What?! Are you kidding me?I have stayed probably in more then 50 hotels around the world. But I never heard such a bullsh*** before.We ended up paying additional 70 a night for a small suite to get a king bed non-smoking.The room was quite ok. Except a small tube TV. Have you heard of these new cool and big flat TVs at all?15 bucks a day for Internet?! And the two bathrooms of our had indeed only yellow lightning.The restaurants were massively packed at lunch time. Only possible to get food at the quick and "cheap" cafes in the hotel.The trip on to the top of the Eifel tower gives you a nice view over the strip. Although I'm not sure if I would pay 15 bucks again, because you can make pictures only through tinny wholes in the fence which are big enough for these little pocket cameras.Next time I will book somewhere else in Vegas.
4	love this place.will always return here... this place has all the games that i play.service is good and people are nice.good job paris!the rooms can stand to be a little more upscale.also, a guard at the elevators would keep some rift rafts out.
2	Oh pretend luxury, how I loathe you. If I had to describe the Paris in one word, that word would be TACKY!!Seriously though - between the fake cobbles, painted sky, and faux store fronts in the lobby, I absolutely had no illusion of actually being in Paris. We stayed in one of the "newly renovated" super sized rooms. The decor was well researched, but fairly cheap. What gets me most is the lack of attention to detail...no robes in the rooms, the beds are uncomfortable, there's not one centralized light switch by the beds to turn everything off at once, the TV is small for how far from the beds it is, no minibar, etc. The Paris is a tacky, cheap hotel masquerading as a well done, luxurious property. Only stay here if you're planning on spending all of your time out and about or asleep.
2	Disappointing.. We went for the upgraded room and got a smaltzy Vegas room.. Nothing luxe about the broken iPod dock ( desk said they would not repair or replace) or the musty smell, very bad shower & while they put a huge flat screen in the room, they have no HD service..no. Luggage racks either..  Down in the casino there seemed to be an endless stream of underaged over-drunk kids losing thei tuition on bad bets..
4	I was at this place for a conference.  And let me just say, I really enjoyed my experience.  The hotel provided us with a continental breakfast from one of the French bakeries located there.  Excellent!  The whole atmosphere of the place was a lot of fun. Everything is pretty ornate, from the chandeliers, to the crown molding, and the walls in the meeting rooms.I enjoyed the fake sky, a little cheesy, but a lot of fun non-the-less.  To be honest, I was most impressed with the restroom.... I think it's bigger than my house!  And clean - which you don't find everywhere.  I wasn't afraid to touch anything. There were a lot of interesting shops and places to eat.You have to try the bakery!  They have excellent tomato soup.Overall, a great experience.
1	To preface this review, i have stayed at all ranges of vegas hotels, including the Motel 6, Excaliber, Luxor, Mirage, Aria, Wynn and the Encore.We arrived at the Paris and on check-in was told there were no rooms with King beds, which we had requested months in advance. "Paris does not guarantee rooms, but you can pay extra to guarantee a room". No big deal, but when we asked if they could check again to make sure there were no King beds, we were told "Umm, I wouldn't lie to you" with attitude. Ok, again, no big deal (but I thought this was the service industry and Vegas isn't exactly in the best of times right now, so don't they want my future business?). When we got to our room, it was clean but not in the best shape - the carpet had stains, dirty/ratty wallpaper and dated furniture. Outside, there were holes in the hallway walls as well as the elevator. Definitely below what we expected for the price (compared to the other hotels we had stayed at).Went to take a shower, no hot water (we let the water run for a good 15 minutes). Called the front desk and was told they would send engineering up, but again, very rude front desk. Never had the problem fixed, so switched rooms.Second room had hot water, but the TV was broken. No way to access the movie/music menu. No big deal since I only watch ESPN. On check out I saw I was charged $10 for movie or music I had ordered. I called to explain that this was impossible since I couldn't even get to the movie/music menu since the TV was broken. This is the conversation I had:"Sir, you must have ordered it, the TV doesn't just do this by itself.""But I just told you the TV was...""Sir, don't cut me off.""OK.""If the TV was broken you should have called somebody, this is YOUR fault.""I just told you, I only watch ESPN so it wasn't a really a problem for me so I didn't call.""So it's YOUR fault. Next time you should call.""OK. Next time the movie button doesn't work on my TV I will call. Are you going to credit me the $10?""No. I just told you it's your fault.""Can I talk to someone else.""No you can't. This is what I do, you can't talk to anyone else.""Can I have your name?""No you cannot."Then she gave me her name as "Barbara" and then put me on hold and never picked up. I called back and they put me in touch with an assistant manager who said there was no "Barbara" who worked there - So Paris has front desk employees who aren't helpful, are rude and they lie. (On a side note, the assistant manager and operator were nice and helpful).So bottom line, I will never be staying here or gambling here again. It's just a poor value, there are much better values to be had elsewhere on the Strip. And if the management can't get their front desk and staff to be polite to people (by the way, politeness and honesty are FREE) they don't deserve to be in the service industry.
4	BUFFET. (and SECRET TIP) If you are a fan of buffets I highly suggest the buffet at Paris hotel. It's a little pricey, but the food quality is great. It has a Euro/ French theme. Here are a few items I liked:  1. Crepe bar. (made to your liking) 2. Champagne served  3. Tons of shrimp and crab 4. Ham, prime rib, roast lamb 5. Good cheese selection 6. excellent dessertsSECRET TIP: If you dont want to wait in the sometimes long line, pay the extra 10 bucks at the VIP line and get served immediately. It'll keep your stomach and wife happy.
2	paris only received two stars for a very simple reason. a very bad experience for me with the valet service....the casino itself is sub par - given the effiel tower is a nice sight to see - if you're looking for a euro ambience i'd recommend the venetian or ceasars palace over paris. the staff (during the day) was more suiting for the Mandarin Oriental as 75% of them were Asian so i didn't feel as if i were in Paris - the decor and sky painting on the ceilings lacked a wow factor. not as mesmorizing as ceasers palace or the fresh feel of the venetian.as far as the valet service goes - the drop off was as easy as any other hotel there. but as paris was a quick stop before the airport for my friend and i... when it came time to get our car it took 18 minutes of standing there waiting and watching everyone come and go but us. when i asked the valet attendant what the hold up was he said "it's coming. just wait" unacceptable by my standards. would have been much faster to park my own car.
2	The girlfriend and I were in for the weekend for the Vegas Uncork'd event.  We had stayed at the Cosmopolitan for our first night, but moved over to the Paris for the Fri-Mon part of our stay since they offered a much better rate for Fri and Sat nights and comped our Sun night.  Despite this much better deal, I really wish we would've just paid the cash and stayed put at the Cosmo.To be sure, Paris is one of the most identifiable places on the Strip with its half-scale replica of the Eiffel Tower and the Arc de Triomphe.  I've never been to Paris, but I have to admit the faux Eiffel Tower still looks impressive.  The interior of the casino attempts to imitate the look of Paris in a Disney kind of way.  The casino floor has the requisite number and variety of table games, slots and video poker machines of all denominations.   Cocktail waitresses are decked out like Parisian gendarmerie.  There are multiple bars and restaurants scattered about the facility although none of the restaurants appealed to me compared to the other offerings available at other properties along the Strip or around Vegas.The biggest fault I found with Paris was their rooms.  The bed in our room was stiff and unforgiving....easily one of the worst I've encountered in any of my stays in Vegas.  It certainly couldn't compare to some of the much better beds I've slept in at the Palms, Hard Rock, and most recently, the Cosmopolitan.  Unlike many Vegas properties, the Paris doesn't offer a HD flat-panel TV in their rooms.  While we didn't watch any TV in our room, it would've been more impressive if the Paris was more current in their furnishings and amenities.  Also, unlike the Cosmopolitan which offered free wi-fi, the Paris charged $15 per day for wi-fi.  At least the room was clean and quiet and the maid service did a good job.Bottom line...while the Paris has only been open since 1999, it really hasn't made the jump successfully into the 21st Century.  However, if you're looking for a low-cost, no-frills place to crash in Vegas, the Paris will scratch that itch.  If you want something more, like a comfortable bed, then most definitely go somewhere else.
4	I usually stay next door at Planet Hollywood. This was the first time for me to stay at Paris next door. It was great. I would rate Planet Hollywood equal to that of Paris. The location is great across from City Center. I especially enjoyed my lunch at Mon Ami Gabi over looking the Las Vegas strip across from the Belagio water fountain display on a sunny day.
1	This was my first trip to Vegas, and let me tell you, if you want the true American in France feel, stay here. I checked in wanting a room for 2 with 2 queens and they gave me a king. I called the front desk and spoke to Peter or Pierre, who told me that W...E inconvenienced them because we checked in late. Explained I was sorry I couldn't get off work earlier to get there so I could get in earlier than 1 AM. I was lucky enough to spend my first night ever in Vegas on a cot! They were nicer to me the next morning to give me the room I needed, but didn't feel to compensate at all for the inconvenience to me. THEN, after I checked out, the next morning I received a text that my checking was overdrawn. Finally, it was figured out that I was nice enough to pay for someone else's room. I gave this hotel 1 star because it was rather beautiful. But I've never been treated rudely by any hotel before.
3	Meh place, but it was the cheapest and best located decent hotel to stay.If you can afford it, try the newer hotels.
4	My room was red. Deep bloody red. It was red red red. I have never been to Paris but if rooms in Paris are red, I better bring a can of paint with me when I visit. I got a beautiful view of the mountain (I think it's a mountain) which can be soothing and romantic at night. My biggest complaint are the add ons. You have to pay $ 25 to use the gym. That is $ 25 everyday. They didn't have a week pass like other hotels. And because it was July, running outside wasn't an option. It was like running in a microwave oven - literally. The restaurants inside are nice however. No complaint to that. There is a bar right in the middle of the casino where you can be stone throw away from the next millionaire. Be nice to the gamblers, they might throw a hundred thousand chip to you if you're lucky (hasn't happened). The concierge is friendly. Buffet is awesome for its price (strip level). The pool is adequate size and at the foot of the fake tower. There's always something nice about replicas... it makes you feel like you're in Bangkok shopping for fake brand shoes. My overall stay is ok. Considering the location where you are right in the middle of the strip - I will go back here again.
3	I really get my rocks off on theme hotels/casinos especially when done properly. I absolutely love the architecture, design, mood, uniforms, ambiance etc. of Paris. Sadly none of the restaurants are that great. Worse is that they aren't diverse. French, American, or Italian are your choices.
2	So I'm staying here solo for a couple of days, waiting for a conference to start when I get moved to Caesars.This is a weird place to me.  It's nice, but falls just a smidgen short in just about every way.  Plus they put "Le" in front of everything, which is not even a little bit le cute after about five le minutes.The rooms are nothing special, and are kind of turning the corner between "new" and "time to redecorate", but are clean and well appointed.  The beds are nice and comfy -- not too hard, not too soft.The casino is just like all the rest in Vegas.The restaurants are just like all the rest in Vegas - buffet, steakhouse, Italian.  With the possible exceptions of the Burger Brasserie (lamb burger!) and the Sugar Factory (great malts!)They nickel-and-dime you on everything, just like all the rest of Vegas.  $15 a day for Internet.  $25 a day to use the gym.  Robbery.It is in a good location, though - nice and central, and on the monorail.So it is with mixed emotions that I go with a 2-star rating; I'd go 3 if they would include Internet, dammit - this isn't 1990.  For the price and reputation of the property, I kind of expected a little more.  But there's nothing WRONG with the place, really.
3	I spent 6 nights here & loved it.  It is really a beautiful hotel/casino.  Check in for us was quick & painless.  We were there 6 nights and never had one complaint.  We opted out of the "extras" liek internet & gym use.  I heard it can get pricey so we used one of the cafes located in the hotel that offered free WiFi if we needed it.  I didn't really shop around other casinos, I went for a wedding and chose the Paris because that is where the wedding party was staying and since I was in the wedding I wanted to be close.  I booked throught Southwest.com Vegas Jackpot deals and I think we did ok price wise.  Some of the resturants were Meh...a couple were phenominal (sp?).  The architecture is so pretty and the pool was nice and cold on a hot day.
3	Paris is ... OK.  Stayed here back in January 2006 during a vacation with my co-workers, courtesy of the VP at my office.  That was over five years ago, but I do recall that my hotel room (standard, two queens) was kind of disappointing.  I had expected more from a hotel with a French theme and a construction cost of $785 million.  It reminded me of  a typical room in Downtown LV, but with a much heftier price tag.  TBH, I'm glad I didn't have to use any of my own money to stay here - but I still felt bad for my boss.Despite this, my roommate and I (both non-gamblers) enjoyed doing a walkabout of the property and its various decor.  We didn't eat any of our meals here but I did discover the tiramisu (with an edible chocolate bowl) at one of the cafes.  I enjoyed it so much that, during my last LV trip earlier this year, I visited (but not stayed at) Paris once again to eat it again.When I go back to Vegas in July, I'm most likely going back to Paris for the tiramisu.  I've actually never checked out the Eiffel Tower yet, so that might also end up on my to-do list when / if I stop by the hotel for the third time.
4	I spent this past weekend at Paris for my best friend's Bachelorette Party. When I found out that she picked Vegas for her destination, I immediately put on my thinking cap and searched for the BEST hotel (considering our budget and the location I wanted) and I am certainly glad that I picked this hotel! It's not that I wanted a superswanky hotel or anything, I knew that where ever we went we would have fun but from my experience, the closer to the city center, the better! I knew that I wanted to bring the girls to the Cosmopolitian, because to me, it was the ideal location for a great dinner (STK, read my review for STK Vegas) and to enjoy the beautiful ambience. But the fact was that we weren't made of money so we had to bargain for a hotel nearby. Paris was sooo ideal because of it's supercute interiors, it looks and feels (minus the casinos) like you are walking along cobblestone streets looking into small storefront shops and cafes. They def. have lots of entertainment, too. Club Chateau, which I didn't go to, but my friends who pulled an all nighter did, and they enjoyed it. They also have a stage to the side of the casino that performs live music and there's dancing. Napoleon's is a restaurant (?) or a cigar lounge that offers entertainment. I loved walking around this hotel day and night, it is such a wonderful escape from the hustle and bustle of the strip!For food I usually got a crepe from La Crepere. SUPER YUMMY. For a source of nutrition after my alcohol frenzy, I ordered the Forestiere, which had a lovely combination of mushrooms, spinach, and an array of delicious cheeses topped with Beschemal sauce. For a light and sweet snack I ordered the Favorite, which is a crepe filled with strawberries, raspberries and blueberries. There was always a line and it was always worth the wait! The Sugar Factory is the only 24 hour restaurant in the hotel and I loved it. Good selection of food ranging from breakfast, lunch and dinner and dessert (the bakery/gelato/ice cream/candy store is adjacent to the restaurant!)Our rooms were nice, one room had a great view of the pool and Eiffel tower. At night, we even saw the Bellagio fountain show from our window!The only complaint I have is at the pool, a ton of the lounge chairs were kind of broken. When you adjust the chair, some of the chairs had either all of the settings that hold the back of the chair completely broken off or only one setting that only let you sit one way. If you come with a lot of luggage it is a ways from the parking garage to check in back to the rooms. I personally would load everything at the bell desk at the front of the desk and have a friend park. All in all, I highly recommend this hotel as it is fun, has a great location, has delicous food, and entertainment!
2	I come to Vegas quite often partly b/c my rooms are comped. Back in January '11 I stopped in town for a night, and decided to stay at the Paris because a) Ive never stayed there before b) it was free, so thought why not...its only "One Night in Paris". Great customer service but I was not impressed with the atmosphere and tacky/stuffy decor. I checked in around 11pm, and let them know that it was my frist time staying with them. The woman looked at my reservation and saw that I had the basic comped luxury suite. She said "Since you're only here for a night, we want your stay to be memorable!" Little did I know, she upgraded me to the nicest suite at the Paris, called the "Calais" suite. VERY generous of her. I wish I would have tipped her at the time of check-in, but I did not know she gave me that suite until I got to the room and saw the double doors! Overall, great service. But the establishment itself was only mediocre. As nice as the room was, I'll stick to the properties I've built relationships with.
3	Had I written this review the day of check in, it would have been a one star rating.  That's because the staff  at the registration desk made check in difficult for every member of the eight people (three other couples and two singles) who were meeting up with us at The Paris.  But the friendliness of the other staff, the general comfort of a room for which we paid only $78 (tax included) per night and the hotel's close proximity to Bellagio and The Cosmopolitan led to The Paris getting traction over the four days of our stay to result in a better rating outcome at the end.  That said, we will not stay here again nor could we recommend it as a place to stay to others.  That is based on eight trips to Las Vegas, including this one, and experience with seven other hotels, of which we would happily recommend and return to five of them.  There are just too many other options for lodging in Las Vegas to be treated as if a hotel is doing YOU a favor by taking your discretionary lodging dollars.  As was the case with the desk staff at The Paris.That summary experience posted, The Paris has minus and pluses.  If you're interested in the detail read on.  FRONT DESK EXPERIENCE:  A BIG  minus.  One of our group of ten had arranged months in advance of the visit for five rooms at a rate of $78/night (tax included) per room..  Each room had a different confirmation number.  He made sure  we all had all five of the confirmation numbers so we could check in as we arrived since he would be in as late  as midnight.  But the hotel would not let us check in.  The desk staff told us that  if the person who had reserved all five rooms was not present at check in, we would be charged $299 / night given they were sold out.  We suggested  that this could not be the first time a party with multiple reservations arrives over the course of several hours and the person who coordinated the reservations is the last to arrive.  No, said the staff, it is not..  So, we said there must be a solution for this.  Yes, she said, the solution is you check in at the $299 rate as that is what we'll resell them to others for tonight.   It would have been laughable for a training video on how NOT to gain customer loyalty if it had not been so obnoxious.Ta dum.ROOMS: Pluses and minuses. Once check in was finally achieved - it took nearly 90 minutes -  all went smoothly.  We did not receive rooms in great locations given the low rate($78 night) we were paying and the full house at the hotel.  That would be expected under the circumstances so we had no complaints.  The good news about the rooms is they were generally comfortable and very clean.  Hubby and I had a "P" (petite suite) room which is a bit larger than others - and included a coffee maker hooray -  and other members of our group had standard rooms.  In all cases the infrastructure showed wear and tear, damaged furniture and paint coming off of woodwork as example, and old technology, as in smaller tube TVs as opposed to the large screen LEDs that one finds even at mid range hotels these days and wifi is an extra $15/day.  But with comfortable beds, an adequate supply of decent pillows and everything clean, it's hard to kvetch for the price we were paying.  If we'd been paying anywhere near the rack rate, that would have been a different perspective.   STAFF OTHER THAN FRONT DESK: : Dealers at the black jack tables were top notch.  The perfect nexus of professionalism and friendliness, they made playing a lot of fun.  Bell staff and parking valets were very friendly.RESTAURANTS:  One of the advantages The Paris enjoys is a number of small, casual places to pick up something to eat...a boulangerie, a patisserie and so on.  That made it convenient to grab a fruit plate and coffee to take to the room  in the morning for those of us not eating a more formal breakfast.  The Mon Ami Gabi restaurant (reasonably priced as Las Vegas restaurants go) patio provides a nice view of the Bellagio fountains from afternoon through evening.  The Eiffel Tower restaurant, where service is great,  prices are high and tables are packed like sardines in a can (not owned by The Paris but on property) is a neat place to have a cocktail in the bar and see the stunning view.LOCATION:  Easy walk up or down the strip or across the street to Bellagio, The Cosmopolitan (where we spent a lot of time) and City Center.TIP:  Upgrades to strip side rooms are sometimes available for as little as $40 / night.  Worth it for view  but be sure you're above the 11th floor or, as in our case, you'll look out at a parking garage.  Also, rooms ending in "P" ( petite suite) are larger by far than regular rooms and sometimes available at no extra charge if timing is right.
2	I had to call Housekeeping twice to see if they would come up and remove room service food from the hallway. Half eaten food left in the hallway for hours at a time turns my stomach and makes me wonder how the Hotel isn't infested with all kinds of vermin. There is a stereotype saying that French people are rude. I wonder if the people who created this stereotype came to Paris Las Vegas, because it is completely correct here. Employees seem to be annoyed by the guests and they let you know it with eye rolling, lip smacking, and voice tone. What happened to hospitality? Pool only open until 8 pm, really? No outside drink allowed at the pool, really? Pool only gets cleaned once per day, so get used to swimming with plastic wrappers, beer cans, cigarette butts, and whatever else the wind catches and throws in! I have a bigger tv in my bathroom at home. Pay for WiFi, not even a $50 room @ Holiday Inn makes you pay for WiFi...
2	LOVE grabbing a dirty martini here! But, that's about all that fascinates me about Paris. It's the only reason why we ever stop by. I've stayed here in the past and I was always extremely underwhelmed with the rooms, the casino, the restaurants and the level of customer service.  For what you pay, you have about five other much better and much nicer properties to spend your dollars at.
4	We went to Las Vegas the first week in June 2011 for a convention.  It was held at Paris, so for convenience we stayed there.  They offered a discounted rate of $139, and we upgraded to a suite for another $70. I thought the suite was large and really nice. The bathroom was amazing.  We had a whirlpool tub, separate shower, his and her sinks, and yes...even a bidet.  The service here was great.  Everyone went above and beyond.  When we first got to our room, the safe was locked shut.  They sent up two security guards, asked for our ID...professional and honest.  The concierge got us great tickets to Jersey Boys.  We had lost two items on our last day...a rather expensive ring of my husband's, and rather expensive sunglasses of mine.  Lost and Found, both at the Convention (ballroom), and for the hotel was extremely helpful.  They made an announcement in the convention...the ring was returned to us within a couple hours.  I left the hotel without my sunglasses, but gave her my cell number.  I had a call at the airport with the great news, and they sent my sunglasses to my home.  We didn't get to experience much of the food here, as we like to go out and about.  I had breakfast outside at Mon Ami Gabi.  Great view and people watching, and the spinach and asparagus quiche was delish.  La Cave has wine and liquor for purchase.  Cafe Belle Madeline has some amazing desserts.  I had the Tiramisu which comes in a chocolate cup.  The Sugar Factory is a cute shop/restaurant with anything from T-shirts to celebrity lollipops to ice cream.  They also serve food.  We don't gamble much, so I don't have much to comment on there.  I think maybe $50 in a slot machine.  Borrring.  Loved the stay here.  The location is perfect for us...across from the Bellagio and Cosmopolitan... and near Caesars Forum shops.
4	A lovely hotel with true Parisien flavor and flare.  While I haven't yet stayed here, I've had the pleasure of walking around the hotel, eating the food, and soaking up the ambience.  Ooh-la-la.
4	This review is for the restaurants, casino and shopping. We spent a few hour's one day inside Paris. I thought it was so nice inside, the architecture of the Eiffel tower was amazing. Once inside it feels like you are on a street in Paris. The guest registration area is beautiful with gorgeous crystal chandeliers sparkling. The cobblestone streets lined with cafes, bakery's, and shopping. I bought a few thing's while here. They even had two wine and cheese shops with to die for baguette's. Now, the desserts, wow they were plentiful and delicious. The Eiffel tower restaurant is very nice, we did not eat here but you are able to go up the elevator and check it out. When you get out of the elevator you literally are standing directly in front of the kitchen. It was very cool. The restaurant has great views of the city, romantic, nice bar and the food prices were not bad at all. I wanted to dine here as it was so pretty but the menu is limited and I did not see anything I cared for. Great place to check out, as we enjoyed our afternoon lunch, shopping and playing a bit. Loved the soft blue sky, made you feel like you were outside in this beautiful city.
4	I really enjoyed my stay in Paris. Its clientele was young and fun and not a lot of kids. Right when you drive up, you're greeted by the Arc de Triumphe and the Eiffel Tower. After you enter, you see the casino floor and check in is to the right. The check in lobby is amazing! Large oil paintings, big chandeliers, brightly lit and marble floors. It certainly gives off the style of French royal opulence. The casino floor is pretty small but enough to satisfy all your gambling needs. BlackJack tables go from $10-$25 minimums. I love the interior decor. The painted blue ceiling tricks you to thinking it's outdoors during the day. The decor and style are all based on the French culture. They have a Cafe right beside the elevators that has the most amazing smoked salmon sandwich and great coffee! Their other restaurants aren't bad. But the buffet line is always super long. I think it's pretty cheap, $15/meal.Their pool is huge. Poolside happy hour includes half price drinks! Like $5 frozen mojitos and other delicious cocktails. Look up and see the vast span of the hotel building and look behind you to see the Eiffel Tower towering over you. The only complaint I have are the rooms. Their TV is obsolete with a lot of boring political Chinese channels and the bedding and mattress isn't up to par. Other than that, everything is great. For $89/night, I'd totally visit Paris again!
2	Uhhhhh, that's it? This is the two queen bedroom? I feel like I can almost touch wall to wall! No suite upgrade and the service inside the diamond lounge was fcuking HORRIBLE! That A-HOLE had the nerves to walk by everyone except for us! and finally when I managed to wave him down I asked for another round of drinks. His responds was "OF WHAT?!" Same drink you idiot!Thanks, but no thanks this would probably be my last time back.
4	My Mom and I try to go to Las Vegas together every year / year and a half.  We always stay at the Paris.  The location is perfect...in the heart of the best part of the strip and just one hotel down to the tram station.  We have breakfast in the French Bakery every morning and just love the french roasted coffee and house baked pastries.  The decor in the casino is absolutely charming.  The rooms are nice, and I'm in the hotel business, so I'm a complete snob when it comes to a room.  The bathrooms are particularly outstanding, with marble tile and a separate tub and shower.  The mattresses are just downright uncomfortable, however.  My only real criticism.  Oh, and there's no coffee maker in the room.  I guess they want you coming down to the casino for your coffee!  The buffet is very high quality as well....for us, it's the place to stay when on our Vegas girls trip.
3	This was my first stay in Vegas and I am glad I picked this particular hotel. It was cozy and quiet and a great location near the Miracle Mile shopping center and not to far from a Walgreen's and ABC shop to buy sundries cheaper than the stores in the lobby.   Only real complaint would be pushy kiosk type vendors at the cosmetic stores, which I realize are trained to be so persistent. But lady please, wrong time to be talking to people about cream for their eyes and such. No kidding everyone is going to have bloodshot eyes or look jet lagged or hungover.   But the gaming floor, pool and layout were inviting. I would stay again if I had the chance. I would have given it a 3.5 seeing I am a LV rookie, and have no comparison but I can't say anything bad about this place.
4	Paris is beautiful inside.  The ceilings just take your breathe away.  It always feels like daytime with all the clouds.  The ambiance of Paris is...what can say...European.  It is Paris after all.  Anyway, the hotel is an older hotel compared to some others on the strip.  The rooms are nice and clean.  Nothing super fancy but definitely a step up from places like California, Main Street, IP and Harrah's.  It is smaller than most casino's though, but that doesn't bother me at all.The best thing I like about this hotel is if you get a room with a view...it's Gorgeous!!!  Our last room, we could see the Bellagio fountains.  It was Awesome!  You also get a good view of the Eiffel Tower, which is beautiful at night.  You can also see the nice big pool.  The crowd there is an older crowd so you don't have all the young, drunk 21 year olds going crazy all over the place.The parking structure is shared with Bally's and the walk is pretty far compared to others.  The shops there are kind of pricey but its fun to just walk around and window shop.The dealers there are pretty friendly, but we noticed that it takes a while for a cocktail waitress to come around.Out of all the Total Rewards casino's, for some reason I feel the safest at Paris.  I would gladly recommend staying at this hotel.
4	I have never actually stayed at the Paris but i had to review it because it is absoloutely gorgeous inside! the entire time you are walking through you feel lik you are outside in a quaint french village and there are so many delicous little eateries to partake in. PLUS it's not ridiculously confusing to navigate.
5	We stayed here and the hotel is very pretty vey nice the ambience!What I also and like walking right though to the Bally Hotel because they are connected through walk way!
5	Get the Eiffle Tower shaped Yard in strawberry- if you're nice to the bartender, he will make yours with real strawberry puree and lime juice- not that pre-made crap. PS. This really does look like Paris.
5	My friend and I stood here for a couple of nights and it was a great experience no doubt about it. The restrooms were kept clean, the room was cleaned up, and we had a great view of the strip. We could see the Bellagio's water show, as well as the Effiel Tower that they had there. In essence, I am not saying this because we had a great view, but overall the hotel's ambiance and service was great. It was peaceful and just plain great.
4	Location is ideal - right in the middle of the strip, across the street from the famous Bellagio fountains (which I could spend hours watching!).  Love the ambiance with the Eiffel Tower, the sky-ceilings, the feel of a Parisian street.  The price is pretty reasonable.  Lots of food and drink options.  Connected by indoor walkway to Bally's. I love, LOVE the way the rooms are decorated - beds are very soft and comfy!  The bathroom was a little bit of a letdown.  The bathroom is advertised as "separate bath and shower" - which is accurate.  Possibly based on other hotels I've stayed at, i was frankly expecting more than a standard bathtub like I have at home, with a shower (non-adjustable head) next to it.Next time I'm in Vegas and i get to choose where I stay (instead of business trips where I'm told where to stay), this will be one of the first ones I check.
3	Central location, they have the huge Eiffel Tower (and those long drinks!) and an ok buffet (I saw William Hung here last time I was at the buffet, 'eh).Cute theme, smaller rooms, but very afforadable prices for being at the center of the strip (kind of).
3	Yay, our room overlooked the pool and the eiffel tower. The room itself was just okay. Nothing special about it and kind of smaller in comparison to other hotels. We stayed here due to a really cheap deal, otherwise I don't know why people would pay the normal prices to stay here. The pool area was also just okay. I know it is a wading pool, but could've been made a little deeper. You walk across the whole way and the water barely hits my hips...and I'm not the tallest girl. A lot of the chairs around us seemed to have broken back rests...meaning, they didn't stay upright. Not your typical meat market type pool setting, but there was some nice eye candy for this girl. ;)
4	It was almost like the real thing!  I drove up to the Gare du Nord.  My room looked like the one in which I stayed at the Hotel St. Germaine on the Rue de Rhenne.  And there's even a Tour Eiffel.  Why go to France?  The Europeans are here anyway, it's like a piece of home away from home.Cute little reception area with friendly staff.  Decent rooms with the remains of the days when there used to mini bars and other amenities that would eventually become the fodder of what "stays in Vegas".I like the centralized location of Paris.  The rates aren't offensive and my room didn't smell entirely like an ashtray.My only con, the main walking area is not stiletto friendly, a sin among many in Sin City.
2	The location is the best thing about this hotel. You can walk to Planet Hollywood Miracle Mile shops and City Center across the street and other properties. That's about it. Here's what is not good. The room has not been updated and has an old TV and bad mattresses. The staff is not very nice and valet takes a very long time. Best to self park, not that bad of a walk and its through the end of the hotel shops. The best restaurant to eat in, which is surprising the least crowded, is the Sweet Factory. They have bfast and lunch items. The food and service there was actually very good. We stayed at Tropicana the third night and found the room and staff to be much nicer there. I stayed at Paris when it first opened and it was awesome. Now, the hotel and staff are tired. They need to renovate the entire hotel and motivate their staff. Won't stay at Paris again until they do.
5	I have stayed at several hotels on the Las Vegas strip, and the Paris was by far the best hotel in the bunch.  What they do so well is really run with the theme of a getaway to Paris.  It was hard not to reflect on my travels to the real Paris during my stay here.  They have a beautiful pool that lies before a mock replica of the Eiffel Tower for example.  Sitting on the other side of the pool, you have a view of a fairly grand, French-style hotel.  The styling continues indoors, with all the signs being bilingual, and the accents decidedly Gaullist.  Many of the staff are French including at the gaming tables, and the several restaurants and cafes in the hotel are primarily French.  Seriously, that was quite the treat!  I was able to get a freshly baked, hot baguette, good French roast coffee, and really any French dish you can think of:  pate, roti, escargots, pain perdue, pain au chocolat, cassoulet, etc -- and they were all prepared in the French way!  The room was beautiful and a touch elegant.  I loved the marble floor in the bathroom, the separation of bath and shower, the Gilchrist and Soames toiletries, and the plush bed.  Security was decidedly lax too, making me feel like a proper guest rather than an intruder.  The concierge was always very helpful too.  Were there any downsides to staying here?  Well, they don't have a resort fee.  That sounds like a good thing until you realize that means you have to pay for your internet access which is billed not per room, but rather per laptop -- ouch!  Also, if you want to use their rather nice fitness center, that will be $25 extra per day.  I would rather just pay the resort fee and take those things for granted.  Oh, well.  That really is the only thing I can complain about though.  The hotel is beautiful, and I really loved spending my time here.
4	This is one of our favorite stops in Las Vegas. Great food, shops and sightseeing. I recommend at least a passing visit.
4	This update is based on their Red Room.The only reason to go to Vegas in the middle of the summer is the cheap hotel rates. When the husband and I planned our trip, we got the Red Room for $110/night. While we didn't really mind the room we had before, we wanted an upgrade. BTW, we're those rare people that go to Vegas and actually spend time in the room. Anyway.We were offered an upgrade to a Strip view room, but we declined. The clerk also explained to us how their deposit/debit card policy worked, which we appreciated. She sidestepped the deposit and just charged us for the room and tax. We had no plans to put anything else on the bill, which is why she did that. Onto the room. It's very red indeed. We had a nice mountain view where we watched the planes descend into McCarran. The king-sized bed was super comfy. The flat screen TV even had a few HD channels on it. The bathroom was about the same as the other room, just redder and with a slippery floor. We had to be mindful of that.The employees were still friendly and the casino is still nice.
4	Paris is one of my favorite hotels in Las Vegas.It's very pretty. I love the shops and the food places in the hotel. The food at Paris is very good. Le Village Buffet is the best buffet in town--rivaling that of Wynn's (and Wynn's has a REALLY AWESOME buffet)The Casino floor isn't all bad. I'd say it's average in size compared to the other hotel/casinos on the strip. The cocktail service is pretty quick too. (Just remember to tip per drink).The lobby, I think, is the prettiest on the strip. Very classic French. Gorgeous chandeliers.The hotel is connected to Bally's so you can walk around between two hotels rather easily.
3	The only reasons I ever go to the Paris is for a show or a restaurant. I've never seen the rooms so I can't comment on those. Their show theater is nice and its small enough to feel intimate. Mon Ami Gabi is a great restaurant that I would recommend.Not much to look at. Their slots are tight. I hate how cramped the walkways are where the stores and restaurants are located. And the stores aren't even worth the trouble. Hate the parking garage entrance also, the signage and actually entrance to drive in is small and easy to miss.
1	We stayed at the Paris because they claimed to be dog friendly. The front desk emplyee at registration was about as friendly and welcoming as a DMV employee on a Monday afternoon. No smile no personality and as stiff as a board. We told them up front that we had a dog, we paid extra because we had a dog, we were honest and responsible about every aspect of our reservation as one could, but she treated us as if our dog was going to destroy the room and proceeded to lecture us about what we would be responsible for should we cause any damage, even if they find something at any date even after we leave. Our dog is crate trained and we brought our crate, so as to make sure nothing happened while we were out of the room. We also booked a couple of hours for a relaxing visit at Paris Spa by Mandara. We booked a massage and facial package that included their three enzyme deep cleaning exfoliating treatment. My massage was good, but I have had much better. My wife specifically said that she wanted lite pressure and nothing that resembles deep tissue, but her masseuse had to be told several times to use less pressure. My wife said it was not relaxing at all. The facials were good, but save yourself the money and skip the three enzyme part, or better yet get a spa package elsewhere.
2	When you think romance....Paris is one of the first things that come to mind. When my fiance and I decided to hit Vegas for our honeymoon last year...The Paris Hotel was the way to go.  We arrived and we were greated by a not so friendly staff. We had issues with our room (travel agents fault) and they would not budge to accomodate us. Finally they decided we could upgrade to a "mini-suite" for an additional $60 per night.  We agreed and proceeded up to our room.  The moment we walked into the room, we were unhappy. We overlooked........wait for it.....a roof top. I asked my husband to please go downstairs and tell them we no longer wanted to upgrade and we will just take the "regular" room. From the outside...its gorgeous....inside its just a crowded casino and not so friendly staff!!! I've been to Vegas multiple times and I won't ever stay here again!
2	: /
3	Walked around here...Got lost because this place can be confusing on getting out. We walked all around and couldn't find the exit. The maps don't even have a "YOU ARE HERE" sign. This place is great for photo ops!
3	It was just OK....nothing to write home about. What turned me off the most was that I stood in line for an omlette for 20 minutes on a Monday morning. Not really sure why they had one person on the omlette station, should invest in expanding. Some of the food was a little strange, boiled prunes. At $15.99 I'd go back only for the value, but McDonalds would suffice.
4	This hotel is really nice, but not very party oriented, but not old people oriented. More relaxing and aesthetically pleasing to the eye I guess. Gambling here is fun too. Lots of tables and variety. They have a little village with food and bars that you can walk around. Not a bad location on the strip either. You're not at the far end of the strip, say like MGM or Excalibur, but you're closer to the middle of all the action. The buffet here is delicious. What I love that it's not your typically boring buffet food, but french inspired. A must try in Vegas.
3	They should update this hotel.  I understand Paris is an older city and fixtures and homes there look older but that shouldn't be the case for the hotel.  While the lobby area and the casino floor still looks nice because it has a bit of streets of Paris feel, the rooms could use some updating.  The bathtub in my room had lost a large chip of paint.  The carpets are worn and old.  The worst part is all the tvs are old school big box tvs.  I got my flat screen in 2005 which means my tv is newer than theirs.  We rented the largest suite and the suite had the box tvs.  They do have good views of the strip if you are lucky enough to get one of those rooms.  Anyway I like Paris, first time my gf and I went on vacation, we stayed here.  However they should update and do away with the live band and have a dj in house and do what Planet Hollywood does which I think has a better atmosphere.  I hope they upgrade because I want them to do well.
2	Dirty rooms.....the staff are just acceptable. I have stayed at many hotels on the strip, and this was my first with Paris. Yes, I am the type to stand up on a chair to see how dusty everything is. This place was pure filth, I wonder when the last time the room keepers bothered to look above eye level. I can complain knowing that this is part of the job (lucky me had the same job in high school). I have severe allergies to dust and so do others in my family.  I called to find out the quickest directions to a few places...I only ask because sometimes the locals know better than onStar. Well Onstar worked better than the locals. Every place I tired to get a good coffee at was just some basic folgers. I don't have an issue with paying $5 for a cup of coffee, but nasty old coffee? I never found a cup worth $5...I ended up at 7-11 walked out with coffee...2 gallons of water, under $5. I would not pay to stay there again.
2	Made the mistake of staying at Paris after staying at the MGM Grand Signature. I did not have many positive experiences. When we reached the room it was old and drab with stains on the carpet. The shower had very little pressure and only warm water. The beds were awful and cheap on the level of a Super 8. We checked in on a Thursday and left Saturday and housekeeping did not clean the room.  We were not in the room all day, so there was plenty of time to Take care of it. Headed out to the pool and the lounge chairs seemed to be transported from 1970. When I attempted to use the fitness room I was told it was $25.00 per day. Internet fees were $20.00 a day. The hotel claims no resort fees, but charges $45.00 a day to workout and check your email. Overall I felt that with all the other choices in Vegas, Paris was a poor one. Needless to say I would not recommend.
5	Reason why I gave 5 stars.....1. Location, location, location.2. Price (not too cheap but not expensive)3. Fancy room (not luxurious but cute)4. Shower/tub separated5. So close to the strip from the room.6. Not a huge property.7. Water fountain from the room.(Bellagio side)If you walk around on the strip, this hotel is so convenience!If you love a newer or contemporary room and not walk around, stay at cosmopolitan, Aria, Mandarin Oriental or Wynn/Encore.
4	Paris... I hate you... Why you might ask? You messed with my emotions. You had me thinking I would win at the tables. And before I knew it I was walking away from the tables with only $3. =\Lol. But seriously., I had a good time at the Hotel. The rooms were pretty nice. Has a huge flat screen TV on the wall. The beds were comfortable. The AC was cold.  The fridge worked its purpose. Had a nice view from my room. The store on the casino level is open 24 hours (i think. had to make a store run at 4AM and found myself here). And all the nice casino's are conveniently close by. And the hotel parking structure has plenty of parking.Good looking out Paris hotel. I will be back again for sure.  But when I return, please give me back the money I lost. THANKS! lol
3	Seemed like a section of Disneyland on steroids, for adults. But this was my first time in Vegas, and I soon realized the whole strip is over-the-top like this. It's decorative, cozy, and very antiquated. We had a non-smoking room with the view of the pool and Bellagio which was awesome (14th-floorish). We stayed here because the hubby's conference was there. So it was convenient. It's a super convenient location for walking up and down the strip. Not updated, and lacking in modern/luxury amenities. The "restaurant" food options inside were just "okay" and pricey. You've got to pay for EVERYTHING! It's really hard to navigate the casino/lobby/several entrances. Parking is also a real headache.
4	Ooh La La! Have stayed at this casino hotel at least once every year on business, and I do like the central location that the Paris offers on the strip. It is in a great location close to many of the big strip casinos, and within walking distance from them.I like how the Paris gives off a fun and cozy feeling. It is one of the high end casinos, but a step below the Bellagio and Wynn type casinos. Rooms are nice and offer a Parisian decor. A little worn now, but not too bad. Can usually get a nice strip view if requested, or booked early enough. Nice restaurants to eat at - Cafe Ile St Louis, Le Provencal, and of course, Mon Abi Gabi which is one of my favorite places to eat. Good buffet too if that is more to your speed and waist line!I also like how Bally's casino is connected to the Paris through a French village kind of set up. Cobblestone streets lined by shopping, bars, and restaurants. Great gaming area with plenty of tables, slots, and high roller room. Just a fun atmosphere all around.Yup, there is also the faux Eiffel Tower that lords over the strip, and is beautifully lit up at night. As the base extends down through the casino floor into a bar area it makes for a kitschy way to enjoy some cocktails and play video poker. Also, Le Central bar located right at the opening of the lobby, casino, and walkway to Bally's is a great spot to get your drink on, watch a game, or just people watch.Only drawback is the fitness facility. Even for hotel guests there is a $25 per day fee. The gym equipment itself is ok with cardio, benches, machines, and free weights, but nothing to write home about. This fee should be waived if you are a hotel guest, or at least lowered to length of stay for one price. Still, this is one of my favorite casinos to stay at. Fun theme, good restaurants, and a prime location on the strip. Eat outside at Mon Ami Gabi at night to get a great view of the Bellagio water show!
2	I only gambled here and only briefly.  It's a little too hot in there and you'll have a hell of a time finding a cocktail waitress.  Really cool interior, though.  They should find someone to paint one of those crazy depth perception boggling things on the ceiling to make it look like the Eiffel tower extends up into the sky.  If you've been there, you know what I mean.  It would be really cool.
4	I am in love with this hotel. The first thing I noticed was the intricate architecture and decor. Whoever designed this hotel did a great job in recreating a Parisian atmosphere. I loved the color scheme in my room so much that I am adopting it for my new apartment when I move later this year! I stayed for two nights last week while attending WWD Magic. The staff were very helpful and accommodating. I got room service for lunch and dessert the first night I was there and was pretty impressed with the quality of the food. And, I loved, loved, LOVED the Sugar Factory. Even if you don't stay in the hotel, you must make a stop there while you're walking down the strip. The casino area isn't as big as some of the other hotels I've visited (e.g.: MGM Grand, Bellagio, Caesar's...but I don't think anybody's is as big as they are!). Chateau is a pretty nice nightclub, I really liked the outdoor area (the beer garden). If it wasn't so hot when I was there, I would've hung out there a lot longer! The thing I appreciated the most was the price. Considering that it's across the street from The Cosmopolitan and The Bellagio, you'd think it would be expensive. That's totally not the case! I was able to stay in the red room suite, and it was just barely over $100 per night after taxes and such. Thanks for a great time Paris, I'll definitely be back! You make a nice substitute for the real thing! ;-)
3	A bit above average, i'd say 3.5 stars.  nothing exordinary, but comfortable and had all the basic amenities.  Great buffet tho, which i'll write in a separate review.
2	The rooms are nice but the food situation is awful and the store workers are so rude. Not worth the price.
4	I asked my boyfriend if he'd take me to Paris and this is where we ended up staying on our Las Vegas vacation. It just goes to show you that when you ask the Universe for something, you have to be very specific! Like most things in Vegas, the Paris hotel is an imitation on a grand scale of the City of Love. The rooms are decent in size, have a huge flat screen TV, comfy couch, and a tub/shower bathroom. We took an afternoon dip in the pool and later found out that I missed the jacuzzi as it was hidden! Darn! The casino is not huge but I must say that everyone we encountered that worked there was very nice. The best thing about the Paris hotel though is the location. It's right across from the Bellagio, Planet Hollywood, Miracle Mile shops and the Cosmospolitan. If the shops and restaurants at the Paris don't catch your fancy, you'll be able to journey to other lands (aka hotels) very easily.We had a great time during our stay and although this was not the Paris I had intended on, I must say that I was very happy with the end result. Yelp 365 Challenge: #30/365 (The Manifestation of Paris)
3	I think I went in expecting more than I saw and experienced. It's not all that at this hotel, truth be told.  They really could have done a lot better with decor and more, but it's really bland.  Our hotel room was okay, there was a part on the wall where the wallpaper was coming off, very tacky, and in the hallway as well.A one-day gym pass costs $25, what a rip off.  The pool is not phenomenal, although you are under the Eiffel Tower, the service poolside sucks, they forgot my drink and food.I don't think I'll stay here again, I rather stay somewhere where they stick to good service, themed hotel and a lot more bang for my buck.
4	The Paris hotel is a nice yet average hotel form what is expected in Vegas. The room was clean and spacious. The hair and lotion products are below average. The TV was definitely a nice big flat LCD so i can't complain when watching ESPN on it. Luckily they charge charge a resort fee anymore here but I am annoyed that they charge you $25 to use their fitness center. They say it's because it doesn't belong to them and it's inside the day spa. All in all I'd stay here again if the price was right. Also helps that it's easy to get french pastries here.
5	Love this property. Love the tackiness, love the Faux Paris. Love it. Love, love love love it.
5	My first time staying at Paris hotel ( 95% of the time before was the hard rock hotel)I usually go to Vegas at least 20-25 times a year ( love to party, gamble, eat, and chill), and I found this hidden gem.The hotel is in the middle of everything, decent hotel room prices, awesome decor(felt like I was at Disneyland), clean, and friendly staff. I will be making more frequent stops at this hotel!
4	yes. yes. yes. or oui. oui. oui.  had a lot of fun here. it was very french indeed, and i ate it all up (in some ways literally). i would definitely go back and would recommend it to others. great location on the strip, nice casino, really nice rooms, great amenities. just overall a really great hotel experience.
3	What happens in Paris... could probably happen anywhere else in Vegas.The pros: Nice central location on the Strip. Great view, if you face the Bellagio (you'll probably see and hear the fountain shows from your room). Convenient to lots of other hotels. Nice casino. Good coffee shop. Reasonable rooms. No resort fees (or there weren't). Efficient check-in. Not a bad lounge right off the casino, featuring some unintentional entertainment many nights. Decent cocktail service, nothing special.The cons: Buffet is over-rated and over-priced (walk to Bellagio and eat at the best one instead). Pepsi property (no Coke products sold at all). If you face the Strip, you'd better like the Bellagio fountain show, because you'll probably hear every one that happens while you're in your room. All the usual Strip gaming complaints: high table minimums, tighter slots, short-pay video poker machines, and even, IIRC, some 6:5 payouts on blackjack. Valet was abysmal.Tip: if you're in any of the public restrooms, listen to the French lessons. They are hilarious!Would I stay here again? If I got a good deal, maybe. I wouldn't run back.
4	This Hotel gives you a little piece of Paris, France without traveling 4000 miles and spending a ton of money.. With an indoor street with all sorts of gourmet pastry stops and tasty restaurants, little boutiques, and a blue sky ceiling which makes you feel like your actually in Paris, There's no wonder people love coming here! They even got a life size replica of the Eiffel Tower right outside! it also doubles as a really nice restaurant with fabulous views of the Bellagio Fountiains.  what a great place to visit! I even won 140 smakers here! Go ROULETTE!!
4	So it's not the REAL Paris, whatchugonnado? They sure as heck do a great job at making it feel as close to the real thing as possible. Despite the immense crowds and insane drink prices, this place is where it's at! It's such a wild thing to get off the dirty streets of The Strip and walk into this casino... it's such a breath of fresh air (despite all the cigarette smoke everywhere). The crowd here is a little nicer, a little cleaner and it's just a beautiful place to look at. All of the dealers we gambled with were so awesome and friendly and helpful and I'd love to stay here again on a return trip.
4	I love this hotel/casino! First of all, the decor is so cute, atmosphere-ic, and has a wonderful ambience.I love the cobble-stoned "streets," fake homes, apartments, buildings, shops, streetlamps, street signs, and street performers. It's all so charming and beautiful. The ceiling is painted like a beautiful sky, and it is lovely. The fake apartments have windows over the shops that have red geraniums in the window boxes, just like in Paris. The rooms are a bit plain, though, and not indicative of the Parisian theme of the hotel and casino. I don't know if I'd pay such expensive prices and want such plain-o rooms. The casino also now has a weird smell that smells of stale cigarettes and restrooms that permeates the casino. Ugh. I hope they can get rid of that soon. I know they  just had a bunch of traveling shows and tournaments go through here, but they need to rectify the smelly situation immediately.They have a great buffet and many great restaurants at this hotel (I like Le Cafe, Sugar Factory, and Le Provencal (I ate there 5 years ago, though, so I can't say what it's like now). I used to love Le Notre bakery, but now it's Cafe Madeleine? I haven't tried the new place yet.It's so much fun just to take a walk down and around the hotel. They have the Eiffel Tower, Jr., that is to scale at exactly 1/2 the size of the actual Eiffel Tower. There's a fake Arc de Triomphe and the hotel kind of looks like it has the same architectural design/look as the Louvre, but I'm not sure. Either way, it's gorgeous.There's a big circular pool (not very exciting for the kiddies) that is right under the Eiffel Tower, and it's adorable. The Paris hotel and casino is right across from the Bellagio, so it's easy to go back and forth if you cross the walkway from Bally's (next door to Paris) to Bellagio. Love it here.
4	My family goes to Vegas A LOT. I mean A LOT. So I've been to most of the hotels there. Paris has been the best by leaps and bounds. We stayed in the Red Room, which is their second 'fancy' room. The interior was beautiful, and the beds were really comfy . The maids did a fantastic job of cleaning the room, and were super friendly, unlike most other places. We had a minor problem with our toilett, so we called the front desk, and they had some one up at our room within 10 minutes. It's also a plus that they don't charge any resort fees, not many hotels there do that.They had some awesome places to eat inside the hotel as well, with many different price ranges. The atmosphere of the hotel was amazing, they really went all out on making it feel like you were in Paris, it was truly fantastic. The front desk staff were very friendly and efficient as well. We will be coming back here again for certain.
4	Good hotel. Good space. Good beds. Good pool. Not so good gambling for me here (bad luck, I suppose).Still, I would recommend it. To those looking for a hotel, here's what is important. Inexpensive (well, relatively). Clean. Friendly housing staff. Quick service (we called for extra blankets and they rushed it up here for us). Excellent taxi service. (with 6 of us, they recommended that we take a limo instead of a taxi - we were going off-strip and this saved us a bunch of money!)The ambience is cute, in an attempt to share what Paris feels like. The Eiffel Tower and the Arc are beautiful.If you really wanted the best view of this entire casino, just walk across the street to the Bellagio and look at it. It is without a doubt, one of the nicer looking casinos on the strip.
2	The rooms are poopy. There is no cable television, the shampoo was latherless and the conditioner wasn't much better. The rooms are on the tiny/cramped side and the soda machine only took singles.These may not seem like big issues but when you're nursing a massive hangover and barely alive you need:A comfy room- to nurse yourself back to "functional" A satisfying shower - because they always make you feel 90% better.To stay hydrated- When you can barely make it to the bathroom, going down to Casino Level is not an option. The soda machine by the ice machine is your only hope. When you make the exhausting trek down the hall only to have your $5 bill rejected by said soda machine, well that's just a whole new level of pain.Entertainment- this is where the TV comes in. You may not THINK you'll spend enough time in your room to care, but you will. When every fiber of your body (including your hair) aches and your bound to your sickbed until your "second wind" comes around, entertainment is indispensable. I'm not picky, I don't need premium cable. A TBS movie marathon would suffice but Paris Hotel offers only Vegas tourist info TV and about 20 random channels in Korean:  My hangovers and I will stay elsewhere from here on out, but I'll probably still come here pre-hangover to drink and gamble since I do really dig the casino...
4	A Frech in PAris, in Vegas...this is America for you. I like the top floor where I stayed, great rooms and views. Hotel was just nice. I am not sure about the faux sky and the faux everything but that makes it extra kitsch. Watching the tourists take pictures like they were in PAris crack me up every single time. The hotel also had my favorite food hangout at the strip level so that makes it even better. Not the best hotel but a great deal for a French in Vegas
4	I was impressed with this hotel start to finish.The lady checking us in at the front desk was very friendly and helpful.  She alerted us to the convention coming in on our checkout day and suggested measures to avoid long waits. She gave us a corner room (which I learned can be identified with a P following the room number) and I'm pretty sure those corner rooms are significantly bigger than (or at least have more windows) than standard rooms.The casino isn't bad, and if you're looking for more variety, it's short walk to the connected Bally's hotel and casino.Le Village Buffet, part of Paris, is a nice buffet option, and offers the good deal of unlimited food/visits for 24 hours for about 45 bucks. The Mon Ami Gabi, at the front of Paris, is a great place for a nicer meal. Everything seemed clean and tidy in the room. I hardly even took advantage of all the amenities this hotel has to offer, but I look forward to a return visit.
2	It wasn't all bad. The service overall was pretty good. Bell service was poor and slow but not many are productive in Vegas. Suite was nicely furnished and had a good bed,  but it took forever to get the hotwater through the pipes in the shower. At first I thought there was no hotwater it took so long.Televisions are dated but not that big of a deal really  cause who goes to Vegas to watch TV? Casino was fun. Lobby bar was fun. Close to shopping. Buffet was ok. Stood with a couple other gentlemen who swore the Buffet was the best. I say nay! nay!  They had shift change at buffet I waited 15 minutes for chef to get replacement so it was very poor service in that regards. In room food service was quick and reasonable. Big Negative is there is no stocked fridge for convenience so if your cool with it byob and snacks. When I checked in they gave me the wrong room keys and had to get it straightened out with security. Long story but not real kosher. Elevators where quick and the overall appearance was good.
2	The maintenance and housekeeping staff need to pay better attention.  I know I'm being a bit nitpicky on some of the stuff, but for the price we paid during a recent stay, I  feel its justified.We had reserved a room with a King bed.  We have a queen at home, so always like getting a bigger bed when we are away.  No line to check in, which was good.  Now the badwe get to the room, the mattress has clearly seen better days, sagging in the middle, I sit on it and you can hear the springs, and they are shot.  that mattress should have been replaced quite awhile ago.  Go into the bathroom, the hot water is barely lukewarm.Downstairs we schlepp and explain the situation.  Front desk staff was very nice, but unfortunately no more king beds available will be take 2 queens and an upgraded view?  What are we supposed to say, we weren't given any other options.We get to the room, mattress is better and I check the hot water, bingo, much better. Throughout the weekend I just kept noticing small things.  Torn wallpaper in the bathroom, lots of chipped paint on the vanity.  Window was filthy, so was the TV remote.  Bathroom mirror coming away from the wall.  Control panels in the elevator need to be tended to, faded print on the buttons. Also several splatters on the wallpaper up high, that looked like they could have been scrubbed off.Comes time to go to sleep, wow, you can hear the music from the nightclub!  Wow!  Not an upgrade, I consider this a downgrade.Trying to get coffee and pastries in the morning was unpleasant, huge line out the door, that needs to be better organized.  Second morning, I notice an Express coffee place by the restaurant Ilse St. Louis.  Turns out after we check out receipts, the croissants are a dollar more and the coffee was more too!  Same coffee, same croissants, I guess u pay extra for their disorganization.I'd consider staying here again if it were no more than $100 a night.
3	This hotel is OK. They definitely make you feel like you are in Paris, France. All the signs are in French. The ground is black cobblestone. I upgraded the room to a "Red" room. It was also OK. Nothing spectacular. King bed, no jacuzzi tub and horrible view. I would not recommend this hotel if you are young, there were a lot of kids at this hotel. I didn't make it up to the Eiffel Tower ride, but if you are going, get a coupon book from the back of a taxi, they have a 2 for 1 ride.
4	Upgraded to the red room premier and was glad I did.  The room was super cute, very clean and the bathroom was huge.  The view was the best feature - looked right over the Bellagio fountains and the pool.  However...don't go to this hotel if you want a nice pool.  The pool is very boring by Las Vegas standards.  And it closes really early - 6PM.  Other than that, a very nice, reasonably priced hotel on the strip.
4	Ooh la la! My stay here was short, but oh-so-nice. The front desk was informative and friendly, and even gave us a fancy corner room, which was a little larger than the normal room, came with two sets of windows, separate shower and jacuzzi tub, and a big, comfy bed. And I love all the red decor. I can't say I took advantage of any of those things other than flopping into bed that night, but the friendliness of staff, cleanliness of the room, and decent price definitely work in favor of me booking here again.The table games at the casino seemed to average at $15 minimums, with some rare $10 tables thrown in during the day. They had most of the "hot new" slot machines. (I say "most" because I could not find the Lobstermania2 penny slot in Paris OR Bally's.) Mon Ami Gabi is also located in Paris, and that restaurant is fabulous, and probably my only "must visit" in Vegas.
3	I stayed at Paris Las Vegas with my mom since she had an offer for 4  free nights.  Sadly, Paris didn't really do it for me.  Must've been the layout of the casino floor and hotel in general.The Positives:-I could frequently visit Mon Ami Gabi (one of my favorite restaurants).-Connected to Bally's and their Monorail Station for easy access to the south end of the Strip.-Location is Center StripThe Negatives:-Besides Mon Ami Gabi and Effiel Tower Restaurant, the food choices here are pretty below average.-The hotel rooms were quite a walk to get to.-Our room was well, just a simple room.-Towel service was slow.Believe it or not, the Deluxe rooms at Bally's are far more luxurious and at the same price point as the standard rooms at Paris.  So overall, I had an OK stay here.  Not as exciting as I thought it would be though.  I guess I can't complain too much since I stayed here for free, but I probably won't be coming back here to stay.
3	Harrah's gave me three free nights at Paris, so my entire experience was through the scope of "this is free." Our first night was great, we were upgraded to a really great strip view on the 21st floor for free. Although we were on the 21st floor, you could still hear the loud music from the club. Didn't really bother me. The room was small, but generally clean and neat. The beds suck. The tv was not a flat screen, but who cares "this is free!". The second day, we had some problems with dirty cups, but after almost an hour on the phone with management, we got clean cups and free Paris bathrobes. And a $50 comp for the buffet and $20 taken off our bill from the previous nights dinner at Serendipity 3. The buffet, like everything else, was okay. Great "for free!"  The crepes were actually pretty awesome. Some of our line-mates (the line was so long we bonded) were treated really terrible by hotel management, who had told them their complaints were "trivial." The location can't be beat, it was great to be able to walk right out the door and be at Planet Hollywood or the Bellagio.  It was great "for free" but I would have been pretty upset if I had to pay.
1	We won't stay here again.  We only booked this place because Caesars, where we normally stay, was hosting an event and so the rooms were 4x the normal rates.  And now that we've seen the new Cosmopolitan hotel, I doubt we'll stay anywhere else!We booked a king non-smoking, but when we arrived, there were no king N/S rooms available, so they put us in a room with 2 double beds.  They agreed to move us the next day for a room with a king bed and a view (you can get a great view of the Bellagio fountains from Paris) for our troubles, and when we finally re-packed and got moved, we had no view of the fountains, instead we were one floor above the pool.  I don't really care to stare at sunbathers all day, and being only one floor up made for very loud mornings, when people started partying at the pool and music was thumping.The beds are horrible.  There are no comforters, just a blanket with sheets on either side of it (a fake "duvet"?), the mattresses are hard and the pillows are bad.  The rooms are also so dated, with old furnishings, old school tvs, etc, and our shower had giant cracks in the floor (the tiles)... I was a little concerned about where that water was going!  There was a minibar but it was empty?  Weird...
2	This would've gotten a 3 star ("A-OK") review, had it not been for the over-entitled cabhop(or whatever they're called) who made an already bad day even worse. After losing $900 @ the casino, the last thing i need is to be guilt tripped and hustled for a tip. All he does is blow a whistle, which is redundant and useless because the cabbies can see people line up and would drive up anyways if he wasnt there. Anyways, I was nursing my big losses and wasnt really paying attention, so i just got into the cab and let the driver put my bag into the back. Then the cabhop opens the door, sarcastically snarls "WELL I HOPE EVERYONE TREATED YOU WELL HERE", and slams the door on me...Well, everyone did treat me well there, except for that asshole. The rooms are old (perhaps intentionally), and the internet is like $15 bucks, or $25 in one of the convention rooms, which IMO is lame and sucks a lot of ass. The tv is also from like 1983 and the remote doesnt work. Additionally, I waited in a huge ass line at the cafe outside of the elevators for a quick hot breakfast (quiche on the menu), only to find out after 20 mins of waiting that they only had pastries. In addition to that, they left my coffee out of my order, so i had to wait another 10 mins to get that..for some reason.This casino would've started with a 3 for average accomodations, and gotten a 4 for $10 craps tables and a smokin hot raven haired cocktail waitress named Roe, but because of the previous 2 paragraphs, -2. I get free stays at harrahs because i lose a lot of money, so i may stay here again in he future....if it is the only choice...and if the other choice is imperial palace...lolMy name is Boris Yelpsin, and I approve this message.
1	Was so excited to get an offer for Barry Manilow tickets and free rooms. (Don't laugh...I love Barry Manilow) Got right on the telephone and tried to book it. Alas, I was told Manilow was completely sold out. I was crushed. Thank heavens I hadn't made my flight reservations yet.If you don't have any room, don't send out the offers - I don't need your junk in my hand. It creates a negative impression. Besides, the last time I was in Vegas your hotel looked really worn and shabby compared to the Cosmopolitian.I Can't Smile Without my Manilow fix. Maybe a Weekend in New England would help get over it. If I thought I could Make it Through the Night, that is. Or a trip to the Copacabana. Oh Mandy..glad you're leaving Paris. Don't let the door hit you in a$$ on your way out...
3	Another "themed" hotel on the Strip, Paris was grander in its heyday but has lot a bit of its luster as more modernly stylized resorts like the Wynn and Cosmopolitan have taken their place as the top places to stay and visit in Las Vegas. Nonetheless, Paris's faux cobbled streets, skies, and indoors Parisian architecture are fun (if not a bit tacky) to walk through and the Paris buffet offers a very decent variety of food for its price. A gripe is that the walls in the rooms are thin...its Vegas, so people are most certainly going to make noise!
4	Arrived in Vegas for the girls trip 2 days ahead of the ladies... gave me a little "me" time to have fun solo which is always a nice change of pace... decided to stay at the Paris Hotel solo since I got a great deal on the room!Arrived aroudn 12:30AM and of course there was no one else in line to check in... so checking in was fast with no complications. I knew my way around the hotel since I've been to Vegas before so that was a plus to navigate around the hotel.GREAT VIEW of the Bellagio fountains!Went up to my room on the 24th floor? I think lol... it was average and cute. Queen beds since I checked in late and all the king beds were taken. All the usual amenities: nightstand with clock, desk with chair and writing materials, TV, mini bar, tub, stand up shower, toilet, double sink, coffee machine, hair dryer etc... Nothing fancy but not lacking any simple essentials. The elevators to the hotel rooms and the parking garage are fairly close (for being in a Vegas hotel!) together so that was nice. Parking was always available. The hotel is clean, the staff is friendly, and I'd recommend this place for others to stay at. I've been up to the Eiffel Tower on my last visit with my boyfriend. Breathtaking view of Vegas! The only negative I'd say... the walls are a little thin. By the time I got settled, gambled a little, and went to bed (tired after the flight etc)... a bunch of party goers came back to their room somewhere near me but it was SO loud... the walls should be thicker! That's the only thing I didn't like and that's enough to deter me from staying again BUT if you don't mind that then it's definitely a nice play to stay!Check out at 10:30AM on a Friday morning was fast and easy.
4	Location is great.Free upgrade to a room with a view was pretty sweet.View of Eiffel tower and Bellagio watershow is visually awesome.If you're a light sleeper, though, bring ear plugs.  The Bellagio watershow sounds like mini-explosions through the glass.  Who knew you need that much force to push a column of water high into the air??
4	I stayed here last year during a girls trip. I was a bit hesitant since the hotel got mixed reviews but I was pleastanly surprised. We arrived late thursday night and the check in was easy. We were able to get a free upgrade and were excited when we entered our room. The first thing we see is the view of the bellagio fountains, we were right smack in the middle, so every few minutes we'd get a free show. The room itself was tucked away from the other rooms which was nice when we'd stumble back on late nights.The beds were comfy, the room was clean, and service was speedy. My friend locked her keys inside her suitcase and the front desk was able to get it taken care of immediately. My favorite part about staying here is the location. It's smack-dab in the middle of the strip, walking distance to Bellagio, Ceasars, and Forum Shops. It was also nice staying in a hotel where more families and older people stayed at. After a night of partying it was nice to come back to a quiet, clean, place to stay. I'd definitely recommend staying here again. Good price, great location.
1	So far, I don't like it here! We just checked in and so far the customer service has been horrible....okay we decided to self park and it is crazy the distance you need to walk to get to the reception area, where there was a crazy line and only five people checking in customers. We finally got to the counter and let them know that unfortunately we we unable to stay our second night...reply..you will need to call Expedia. here Here is the thing, my husband called the hotel and was transferred to reservations and got  Expedia! Okay so we then get our keys and info and honestly she didn't tell us one thing about the hotel and barely gave us info about where the  room is...then we find the room, and it's on the housekeeping floor...never get put in rm 2248p,,,,you look at @ nothing...oh then we get our Barry Mannilow tickets (yes a fan) and the guy tells us nothing...not when to be there...where to go! Nada! So I just got here and we are still on the phone trying to not stay here another night! I will never stay here again!  Oh and there is nothing in the mini-bar and there is this out-dated tubed television on the right side of the room and the bed is in the middle,,,,,really? Never again! I hope Barry is worth the hassle...oh and when we called Expedia, they called Paris who stated they would still charge us for the room night! What a disaster!
4	They took part of France and plopped it in the middle of Vegas..including the very blue sky with wispy clouds that almost seemed to move as you made your way through streets of Paris. Lots of shops and typical mall prices.
4	I stayed here on a Vegas trip back in mid-August. I liked how the interior had a sort of faux-Paris sky thing going on with the ceiling, and the floors were made to look like they were cobblestone streets. The room we stayed in was more than adequate, even though it had an outdated TV set that looked like it was made in the late 90's. I'd heard the buffets here were really good, but I never got the chance to find out firsthand since the lines for them were super long on each occasion my friends and I tried to check them out. And as other reviewers have pointed out, the location of this hotel is great because it's in "le centre" of the strip. All in all, I wasn't blown away by this hotel, but I'd probably consider staying here again on a future Vegas trip. 3.5 stars, mes amis!I've never been to France. Hell, I've never been to Europe. But, I can say that I've been to Paris...the hotel, not the city.
4	Paris is a nice hotel.  The rooms are great and it's not too pricey. I liked how the fridge was empty so you could actually use it for your own drinks or food.
3	No major complaints on this place.  We ended up booking an impromptu Vegas getaway through HotelTonight.  Compared to the Arias and Cosmopolitans, it's a bit outdated, but the location was ripe for venturing along the strip.  Lodging - classier than staying in the Hooter hotel, but the room we were lodged in clearly missed the rounds of the recent renovations (not sure if that was because we booked on HotelTonight, because the photos they had of rooms on that app made the rooms look much more updated).Atmosphere - I liked the Parisian theme.  Beware to the casual visitor, the place was teeming with wedding parties.  May have been a convention or something, but it was like the bride parade come Saturday.Overall -- a good economical choice.  Don't plan on spending all of your time in the hotel.  But hey, it's Vegas.  There's so much to do, who spends their time in the room anyways?
4	Great Location!!!!Free rooms?!?!?!?Bathroom is large and roomy with the tub separated from the shower. Yes!One of the cafe's sell a really good lox sandwich. They don't give out tapwater though :(
4	I like Paris. The first time I went I wasn't a big fan, but after my last trip they won me over. There was a contest for Rewards members - they were randomly choosing 4 winners every hour for a $1,000 prize. Free to enter. That was awesome, but I didn't win. It was a good marketing ploy from them though, I found myself wandering back every couple of hours to see if I had won! The casino/hotel is very clean and Parisian. The food options are wonderful. All in all it seems like a lovely place to stay. Perhaps I'll stay on my next visit to Vegas.
1	Village Buffet not worth it. The long wait is to be expected but once in, the place is chaotic, very noisy with dishes clanging, cleaning carts sounding like jets taking off rolling on some kind of stone floor. Food was not that good and the plates the offer are saucers. King crab legs should be called king spider legs and they don't give you implements to crack them open to get to what meat might be in there if you can crack them. I had the feeling they were offered so they could advertise king crab like the other buffets in Vegas. Rest of the dishes were run of the mill, nothing special, so overall, not a good place and service was bad as well.
5	I really enjoyed the Paris hotel in Las Vegas. I've stayed at a few different locations on the strip and Paris is centrally located and we got an amazing price on a room (it is november after all). The room was clean and comfortable, the room service was speedy and delicious and the casino area offered a lot of different things to do from gambling to shopping to deuling pianos. The trip was a gift to my mom for her birthday and for her first Vegas trip, she had a blast. Glad we decided to stay here! I wish the wi-fi was free but honestly, at such a low room rate, paying for wi-fi isn't all that bad so I'll still give 5 stars :)
3	Stayed in their basic room with 2 queen beds on a family trip.  The room was just okay.  Nothing luxurious as the other hotels I've stayed in on the strip, but I guess I was expecting a bit more since Paris is fairly new (not really, but compared to Flamingo, yes it is fairly new).  We stayed here for the Thanksgiving holiday weekend for around $250 total for 2 nights (Friday-Sunday).Our bathroom sink was totally clogged.  At first it was just slow to drain, but by our second day, the sink was just clogged.  Had to use the bathtub to brush my teeth and wash my face in the morning!Housekeeping was satisfactory as they responded to our request for more bath towels within an hour.  We didn't use housekeeping services to clean our room so I don't have any say on that.If you're planning to have anybody sleep on the floor, bring some extra blankets.  Most hotel beds usually have 2 blankets (one blanket and one cover blanket), but Paris' beds only had one blanket and used a flat sheet as a cover.  There are no resort fees, but that means you have to pay extra fees if you want the extra amenities.  Wifi costs $15 per day.  Gym use is $25, I think.  My sister-in-law paid $28 for admission to the hotel's spa and enjoyed their amenities.  Otherwise, a convenient location to stay at.  So convenient to go downstairs in the early morning for a breakfast buffet at Le Village (my favorite buffet for breakfast) and avoid the long lines that will form around 10am.
4	Stop number three along the mono rail path.  Early morning, no one is up yet and it's fun to walk around the property and explore what's here.  We are able to check out the restaurants and their menus, and what shows are available.  The casino floor is big, spread out, clean and that annoying smoke is limited.
3	Used to be my favorite place in Vegas, but after 5 stays here: the shine is wearing off.Why:- Buffet is impossible to get into. Not a big deal, but at least for breakfast would be nice. - Ala carte restaurants have long lines and the cafe has plenty of tables, but never enough chairs around.  After you eat a sandwich standing up, you get pretty pissed at the situation. - The cobblestone streets are nice, but they are tight and packed with families, taking pictures, standing around or otherwise being dumb ass tourists.  Getting through becomes a challenge, even James Bond/ Jason Bourne would find challenging. - Rooms are getting somewhat dated - At check in, they constantly pressure you to upgrade roomsStill ok: - Great location relative to other casinos on the strip - Great rates, especially if you can score some comps from Harrah's - LOVE the way elevators are layed out and ability to get to your room without GPS, like Caesars, Ballys, NYNY and most other hotels on the strip.
5	My husband and I usually stay at the Las Vegas Hilton, but he got us three nights for free at the Paris.  I absolutely love this place.  Out of all the hotels, this one was my favorite.  The atmosphere felt like you were in Paris. Rooms were clean and great decor.   Many great restaurants to choose from which were delicious.  You are in the middle of the strip (if you don't mind the touristy crowd) which is ideal.  I like the casino gaming areas, which had a great selection.  The staff was helpful and very friendly.Overall a great experience staying here.  I would come back again.
3	I like the Paris Casino floor. The high ceilings help keep it from being too stuffy from smoke (and the paint doesn't hurt the atmosphere either). I attended a conference in the Paris, and it was comfortable and easy to navigate. There's plenty of food options and the streets modeled after the streets of the actual city are really cute.
1	This hotel is in need of a MAKEOVER!!! The rooms have blue carpet, like that of my 85 year old grandmothers house! The decor looks way outdated and the furniture looks like it came from a garage sale!My cousins stayed here and I came to see their hotel room. They came to Vegas to not only have fun but relax, not at the Paris you don't! The beds in this hotel are hard as a ROCK!!!!! The pillows are the same quality as those you get on an international flight! Small, cheap and lumpy! I wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone!  I feel so bad my family members stayed here. I told them to talk to me next time they want to book a hotel, so I can steer them clear of duds like this one!
4	Beautiful hotel rooms. Clean (after we moved from our first room that was not clean), great view of the Bellagio fountains and the Eiffel Tower.The black out curtains were nice.Empty fridge (no minis it anything like last time I came here)... I didnt NEED minis, but it would have been fun maybe. :(Very pretty casino and shopping area, although I wish smoking inside wasn't allowed. My hair and clothes need deep cleaning to get the smell out.The wifi isnt free.
1	The great dilemma, is this resort & casino worth 1 or 2 stars?  I love the location of this hotel and had a room with a view of the bellagio fountains.  Despite those promising facts, I changed hotels after 2 nights.  The casino did nothing for me, nor the mock french streets and restaurants.  I am in my mid 30s and was also on the younger end of those I saw roaming this resort.The room was kind of blah.....had a nice big bathroom but the normal living area was pretty small.  It is evident that this is an older hotel and casino.   But the main reason for the rating of 1 star.....I have to agree with the other reviewer that commented on the air quality.  Ever time I walked into this resort, I feel like somebody kicked me in the stomach.  The stench of the air was disgusting.  If you look at the painted ceiling in the casino, you might see pollution.  If they were to give air quality ratings to casinos similar to cities, they should tell you to wear a mask and drag and air tank with you into this joint.And the debate ends with 1 star.  It wasn't a complete disaster but I did end up changing hotels and would not stay here in the future.
3	OK
3	It is a pretty casino. Visually interesting. The ceiling is low but is made up for by having the "sky" right above you. the little shops are fun and interesting and are a nice break to take while right on the casino floor.
3	Great location, good casino, cute shops and atmosphere. Overall, a solid hotel, but could have more comfy beds.
1	As far as location, it doesn't get better than Paris, however that's about the only thing Paris has going for it.The hotel is pretty from a far and seems fancy but it's nothing special when you actually spend time in the casino and restaurants.My real reason for giving this hotel only 1 star is because of the staff. By far the worst, unhelpful, rude, miserable staff I've ever encountered (and I'm from NYC)...The reception/front desk are not welcoming at all. They don't want to answer your questions and they just blow you off. The waiters and clerks all look like they're in pain working there and they never crack one smile.The only good thing, like I stated is the location. But for the same view and location, I would recommend staying at Planet Hollywood.
3	Paris is our favorite strip hotel.  The food is exceptional especially at Mon Ami.  The gambling and atmosphere is fun.  The location of the property (Central Strip) is ideal.  The rooms are nice - but a standard hotel room in terms of size and amenities.  The shape of the hotel means you can have varying views depending on room location.  Competition among Strip hotels has lowered the average price for the Paris - so check it out.
4	I actually had a great time here, nothing was amiss and were smack dab in the middle of The Strip so walking to our show and to dinner was a breeze.SERVICE: The registration is located near the front door where the Eiffel Tower is, it's decorated with large chandeliers along with white and gold framing.  When we walked over to check-in, the lines were easy to find and it was quick. There weren't a lot of people so it wasn't very time consuming, we were probably only at the front desk for about 5-10 minutes at most. The concierge and the management people were friendly and very cooperative with us. :)HOTEL: The hotel is themed and of course based off of Paris with the cobbled stone walkways (FYI ladies, these floors are not for heels! Makes it all wobbly and hard to walk on) with quaint little houses and street cafes. Plenty in Rococo styled architecture http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ii8sAGBexBOJoYRFafF9XQ?select=dOjV0L-1GE-Y1KktRyvPfw. I think it's cute and I loved the idea of being transported to another destination with just a gesture of opening a door. BUT, a lot of smokers at the tables and tends to fill the air quite thickly, had to wash my hair almost everyday I was there. Their restrooms are fairly nice too as they have hot water as an option when you wash your hands! (A lot of places just have cold water, bleh in this season!) :D And plenty of late night bars and stores if you ever get the midnight munchies (La Pizza, Le Cafe, Creperie, and a 24 hour Snack Bar by the elevator)ROOM: The room was average sized, but it was comfortable with a nice view http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ii8sAGBexBOJoYRFafF9XQ?select=Qle1Mxpm_1YKoFF3Iw13Uw from the window, two queen sized beds http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ii8sAGBexBOJoYRFafF9XQ?select=kMw3fPNRZm3MlMo5gRxodg, VERY soft pillows (I suggest you bring your own if you're a hard pillow kind of person), and an empty mini fridge. They have a large mirror and desk where you can do your make-up and such. But what I loved the most about the room was the bathroom http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ii8sAGBexBOJoYRFafF9XQ?select=-82lkf6ngUYHV2cchbZJVA, it had both a bath tub and a stand up shower. Now, I can finally have a nice soak after a long day out. (I can finally see why girls love their soaking tub LOL). The walls were decorated with these somewhat tacky green leaf-like designs supposedly making it French styled. Only gripe is that WIFI isn't provided... :( ($9.99 for 2 hours)If you go to Costco and get the Vegas.com coupon, it's cheaper to book rooms~ And at the end of the day, Paris is affordable, in the right location, and comfortable. So it's definitely worth checking it as an option the next time you're in Vegas, I know I will. :)
4	A twenty dollar sandwich got me a red room upgrade, a sick view of Bellagio Fountains, a roll away bed, and a DAMN good time in Sin City!Its quite simple actually.  Simply fold a twenty dollar bill in between your credit card and ID and ask if there are any available upgrades.  Obviously a little small talk is in order.  Use your charm and personality, but more importantly don't forget the magic words, "we'll take care of you!" to help seal the deal. All you really have to do is ask for what you want and let the sandwich do the rest.  Ask for ridiculous upgrades like a indoor gym, a penthouse suite, or mirrored ceilings.  Anything to make them laugh and break up the monotony of checking in boring tourist after boring tourist.  After some small talk, you'll see them banging away on their keyboard.  Continue to chat with them and let them know how excited you are about the weekend and that all you want to do is have a good time.  Heck, invite them up to have a drink and let them know that you think they're awesome. TRUST ME...It pays to be nice!Before you know it they'll show you a picture of the red room and let you know that its typically a $40 upgrade per night but for you its on the house.  If you're really nice and he or she likes you, then they'll probably ask if you need a roll away bed ($30 upgrade) and late check-out too. I took advantage of both, with a total savings for a 2 night stay reaching a whopping $110.  Can I get an Amen!The TDS (twenty dollar sandwich) will pretty much work at any hotel or club so use it wisely and you'll be livin large baby!
3	I would actually give it 4 stars but the cleaning lady didn't clean our rooms at all, all 3 nights, even though we weren't in the room. We actually booked 2 rooms, one at Cosmo, and one at Paris. We stayed in Paris the first night, and left it as a "smush" room. LOL. But didn't really use it, but it never got cleaned. It was nice having an extra room. I actually really like Paris' rooms. The decor was very nice, the bathroom was new and clean. The color of the rooms and beds were very nice, made me feel like I was actually in Paris. The rooms were smaller, but it's because they actually had nice furniture. The hotel itself was cool. I never stayed in Paris, and it was good. Great view of the mountains, gave me a peace of mind when I stared at it.Probably one of the better "cheaper" end hotels on the strip. I'll probably stay here next time! But request for maid service.
2	I wanted to live near flamingo and strip and girlfriend wanted to save some $ so we skipped bellagio and lived in paris --- a big mistake. Totally not up to the 4 star standard. I hate the fake looking buildings. The casino lighting was bad, and the fake sky was too low that it didn't add to the look at all. Every time when I was visiting wynn or bellagio or even caesar I wanted to kick myself for booking at paris. Wifi was $15 a day at lowest rate, LOW FLOW SHOWER WATER and not hot enough. I would not book there again even for free.
3	Paris is at an excellent location. It is pretty much in the middle of everything so you can't go wrong staying here.P.S: Lost too much money at the casinos here =[
2	So I booked a weekday getaway for me and the gf and we just got back. Stayed from Tuesday till Thursday. Service: - Check-in was packed on a Tuesday afternoon but it moved fairly quickly which was great. The woman who checked us in was polite as per requirement of the job, but not super friendly or cheery as I would have liked :-/ - Room service was fairly prompt. We got 2 desserts ($8 each) and it took right around 30 minutes. They automatically charge you a $5 service fee so I did not feel compelled to tip. It is the guy's job to bring up the food and well...you already charged me $5 for no reason....my justification for not feeling like a cheap a$$ - Our TV was not working when we got to the room so they sent a repair man up in the next 5 minutes and he figured out the problem and changed the tuner quickly so kudos to him and his promptness. Hotel:- The hotel's shops aren't all that impressive compared to others like PH or Caesars. It is just a small lane of shops that are quite forgettable. - The best part of the Paris is their restaurant/food options. Mon Ami Gabi is an awesome restaurant and Sugar Factory, while I didn't like it for breakfast, would be great for a late night dessert. I didn't go to the Eiffel Tower Restaurant (due to the lack of Benjamins) but I hear great things about it and more than just because of the view. The pizza place was good for a quick bite to eat and the pizza was solid. I wanted to try to the buffet but the line was always SO long and out the door so I guess it had to be pretty good. It is part of the Buffet of Buffets so try and get the deal of 6 buffets for $45 for 24 hrs. - Casino area is WAY too small for my taste. After walking around, I didn't feel the urge to gamble here. - The decor was neat but slightly....cheap feeling. The sky ceiling wasn't all that great, especially compared to Caesars. - The first thing that I noticed coming through the doors, unfortunately, was the smell of cigarette smoke. That is a problem for me that I don't think should happen. When I walk into Bellagio or PH or other hotels, I don't get that whiff of smoke.- Valet was busy. I was told 10-15 minutes but it ended up being more like 25. Grrrr. - No Resort Fee, but then you have to pay for WiFi. Not that I needed it but for those that do that's a bummer. Room:- Red Room Premium. No fountain view but we got a partial view of it so all was not lost. Plus its across the street so we just walked over and watched from the Bellagio side of the street. - Furniture is cool and the queen bed is fairly comfy. Large flat screen tv but lack of many channels when we used it for our downtime, if there is such a thing in Vegas.- Bathroom was nice in that it had a separate shower and tub. The tub felt very shallow though. There is also only 1 sink. Red Room Premium and we only get 1 sink? C'mon now son.  I have definitely experienced better. The red room premium cost me $60-80 on a weekday which is great for the type of room. That being said, seeing pictures from the "lower" type rooms here, I wouldn't stay here unless it was at least the RRP. Personally, I'd rather pay more for a nicer room at like Aria or if you are on a budget, I'd rather stay at Luxor or Excalibur. This hotel is great to stop by for a bite to eat and a look around rather than a stay.
2	Smokey!  This was easily one of the most smokiest of casinos. The eiffel tower experience was nice. Definitely get the express pass. Waiting in line for 45 min in that smokey environment will drive you nuts. The view from the top is fantastic especially to see the Bellagio Fountains.  Its funny they openly use the Bellagio Fountains as marketing for the Restaurant in the tower as well as the view from the top.The fake sky ceiling looks horrible here. Its just not high enough and there are shadows of pillars all over the place. At no point does it look like as nice as the Venetian or Ceasers palace.I don't think I would stay here.
5	I love, love, love it! It's beautiful, the casino is fun, and oh my gosh, the shops are adorable. This is on my list of hotels for future stays.
4	Once one of the nicest hotels in Las Vegas, but for $40 a night (Cyber Monday special) you can't complain.My wife loved this place and I thought it was very good. Don't know what draws people to wait in line for that buffet, but maybe it is good...Pros: friendly service, nice atmosphere in the lobby/casino, Mon Ami Gabi (probably the best mid-priced steakhouse in Las Vegas), decent bathrooms, location on the strip quick elevators, pretty good dining optionsCons: outdated decor in room, TV's & channels offered (I'm not a tourist. I don't want international channels to replace cable), $25 gym & $15 wi-fi fee per day (no resort fees, but that's just ridiculous) For the price I'd return again. It's not at the level of a Mandalay or Palazzo, but for for half the price it's doable. We got Bally's for $38/night in the summer and that place is a dump!
3	The casino is very small and does not have several slot machines. The box office was closed during our stay here. We had to go to another casino to purchase show tickets. Customer service is excellent. The employees knew exactly where places were located and what the casino had to offer. Our room and bathroom was very clean. We did not eat at the buffet because the line was too long. Paris and Bally's share the buffet; therefore, it is always a two hour wait. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who likes to be on the center of the strip and does not like spending too much money for a room. The hotel does have a few shops and restaurants that are great to go to.
5	We went to the holiday Champagne buffet. $37 per person but well worth it with endless champagne :)Um other than that the casino was nice but small, the shops were nice.
3	I enjoy this hotel for location and overall feel. Unfortunately the beds are quite uncomfortable and the sheets feel like sandpaper.
3	Great location,  right across from Bellagio & Ceasars -good sized room but basic... no bathrobes? no coffee maker !?!? really?  Also must add that the lighting in the bathrooms is horrible.We decided this hotel had the ambiance of the Disney "Its a Small World" and a Pepe le Pew cartoon...  lots of  pseudo French words like "Les Elevators" :-)Mon Ami Gabi has great food... so that redeems them a bit.Seems like casino is more smoky than others here (except for say the Golden Nugget type old school casinos)Rates were super cheap, so hey why not...  it's not like you spend all day in your room.
3	We stayed in the "Red Room", king size suite. It was pretty nice, but small. I was fairly pleased but expected better. The buffet was mediocre. It did not have a good selection. The crepes were ok. It was very smoky because of the meat they were cooking - it was actually prettu nauseating. The desserts were great however. Despite the good desserts, I don't think we will stay there again. I didn't particularly enjoy it.
3	So before saying here, I had walked through / gambled at Paris several times, and really enjoyed the environment of the casino and shops, so we decided to give the hotel a try.  Overall, I can't say I was impressed, but it was a decent experience.When we checked in, we requested a non smoking room, but got put into a smoking room, so we had to go back to the lobby to get our rooms switched.  Also, the next morning, after having been out until 6am, we were woken up by the sounds of construction at 9am down at the fountain / pool area on a Saturday.  We could hear the hammering loud and clear in our room, even on the 14th floor, and there were about 20 construction workers renovating the foundtain next to the eiffel tower.When we went down to complain about the construction, we were greeted with a rather cold lady at the check in desk who gave us a "well that's when the start of business is so there's nothing we can do."  She later offered to switch our rooms, but would have put us towards the back of the hotel without a view, so we declined, especially since she seemed incredibly unfriendly at that point and would probably have put us in the basement if she could.  No apology or offers of any kind, just a flat out, sorry, deal with it kind of attitude.  That was the major turn off for me, because most hotels try to give guests the best experience possible, and at the very least, would apologize for the construction, especially at NINE IN THE MORNING.  Saturday?  Seriously?  The one nice perk is that you can be put on the guest list for Chateau if you stay at the hotel, which saves on cover if you want to check out the club.  It's got a great outdoor section right under the eiffel tower, so overall a very nice atmosphere and venue.  The room itself with pretty standard, although I was a bit disappointed by the bed, which was not very comfortable.  It definitely loses to Cosmo, Palms, and even Treasure Island in terms of comfort.  It also has one of those fridges with the stocked mini bar so you can't keep any of your own stuff cold.The tables are fun, because it usually isn't as crowded as the other casinos on the strip.  Also, the dealers at the tables are incredibly friendly, unlike their counterparts at the front desk.  Overall, I don't think I'd choose Paris again, just too many little hiccups with the stay.  I'll stick to walking through to gamble.
5	I love this casino friendly staff good service great room small casino but I always win some money here. Good location right in the center of everything I don't drive when I stay here
2	The Paris needs a face lift.  The rooms are outdated (though roomy) featuring a saggy bed and a 10 year-old TV.  Room 453 or any room on that side of the hotel on a lower floor has the most uninspiring view I've ever seen.  I am literally looking at a rooftop one floor down (beige with industrial air vents and such on it) along with a parking garage complex across the way.  It's like being in prison without the bars.  That said, I'm sure other areas in the hotel have nicer views but BE SURE to ask.  The decor and amenities are dated and unimpressive.  But the casino is really nice, roomy and has a good ambiance since the ceiling is painted like a blue sky (feels like your outdoors).  The restaurants are good but be prepared to wait in line.  I used to love the Paris but I feel like they've gotten lazy -- it's just not special anymore.
3	I can finally notify friends and family that I have been to Paris!I recently took a trip to Las Vegas to get my mind off of the hectic fall semester I endured at CSUN (Go Matadors!) and unsurprisingly was able to pass all of my classes and maintain a lovely GPA at a respectable level. So indeed I had many choices to decide upon but in the end, it was good ol' Las Vegas aka Sin City aka The City that Never Sleeps aka The Big Easy! Alas, I packed by bags, travelled 300+ miles without the unexpected wonderment of 'Fear and Loathing' episodes and spent a few nights at the heartland of Nevada.Of course while there, one of the few casinos I wanted to immediately visit was none other than Paris itself! Once I self-parked, I ventured over to where the boys are separated from the men. Where one wrong move can emphasize your entire trip and where the clouds do not move at all!Since this was my first time, I wanted to put it all on the table and go high! I had my lovely girlfriend by side and my favorite anti-dousche  jacket on. I was feelin' lucky. I began to feed the machine a barrage of US currency, betting MAX all the way because that's the way I 'roll.'I looked to my left. I looked to my right. Everything was moving along quite nicely until I noticed that all of my $15 were gone and that my girlfriend had actually won $4. Soon after, I retired from the world of amateur gambling and travelled on home, a road long divided...All in all, this shindig wasn't that bad. As always expect long lines for the buffet and do you really need to buy that $50 souvenir?!
2	This place absoloutely gorgeous inside! the entire time you are walking through you feel lik you are outside in a french village and there are so many delicious little eateries. There's not a lot of modern shops like other hotels.Casino: very small and looks kinda boring. not sure if this is the place to gamble because everyone's face just looks so traumatized. either they won a lot of moolas or they just lost everything...Hotel: Everything was clean and we enjoyed using the flat screen t.v. while getting ready.   Recommended:1)The Eiffel Towel replica is the best thing to look at at night.2) Buy on of those tour eiffel drinks or the big paris ball as a souvenir!
3	Hotel is nothing to write home about but rooms are comfortable, with a bathroom that has a separate walk in shower and a tub.  There is plenty of counter space for 3 girls to share. The tables here have a higher limit that some of the other casinos but the decor of the Paris is nice and certainly transports you to another place.  It would have been nice to see some of those touches in the hotel rooms.  The hotel is connected on the casino floor with some shops and restaurants  then you run into Bally's.   Bally's also has a free shuttle over to the Rio hotel on the other side of the freeway.  The restaurant in the Eiffel tower is very nice and the view of the Bellagio water show is fabulous.  Go up there and just get a drink in the lounge and get the view for free.  If you want to go up to the top you will have to pay.  The hotel is centrally located so its a quick jump over to the Planet Hollywood Casino and the Mile Shops.  They have a deal with the buffets its $44. for a 24 hour pass which includes 6 different buffets in the area.  The one in the Paris is not the best service wise, food is pretty good but Planet Hollywoods and the Rio are great.  Would certainly stay here again but for the price I think it should have been better.
4	(+)- Cheaper rooms- Very nice front desk people- good location(-)- food options slightly limited- not as many mirrors in hotel roomFirst time staying here my past Vegas trip. I was expecting something like Treasure Island but their room was much better lit and didn't look old at all. We took an early flight in, got to check in early and even got the adjoining rooms we wanted woot! Quick tip, if you want adjoining rooms that actually connect by a door, then your rooms will have to be one King bed and the other with 2 queens. The lady at the front desk who helped us was wonderful and talked us through our options.We got our rooms for a really great price from hotels dot com, Paris isn't the cheapest option out there for hotels but it has great rates without sacrificing location and too much quality. It is within walking distance of cosmopolitan and a quick cab ride to Wynn.There aren't that many food options. A couple nicer places and a few "10 dollars for a sandwich/salad" places. No food court for those on a budget but you can always walk to nearby Planet Hollywood and get a cheap 6 dollar sandwich at the much hyped over Earl of SandwichOh and the outside is great for photo ops. Overall I wouldn't say I'd choose this over Venetian (although having two bathrooms vs 9 girls sharing one was nice) but my expectations were happily exceeded. Would stay here again!
3	3 1/2 stars.I think there is a wing of the hotel that has been updated.  Unfortunately, I stayed one night in a part of the hotel that was NOT renovated yet.  The drapes are drab looking now and just look worn down by the sun.  The room was not as clean as I had previously enjoyed.Paris is centrally located on the strip, within walking distance of every major casino and hotel (Cosmopolitan and Bellagio are right across the street, Planet Hollywood and Caesar's Palace are also nearby)so that part of Paris's draw remains.
4	Walking around the entrance of the casino area wasn't too pleasant of an experience. It's not as smokey as other casinos, but it's not that easy to navigate around either. My boyfriend and I were constantly asking for directions and didn't receive the friendliest faces from the staff.I honestly only came here because this is the closest I'll ever be to the real Eiffel Tower in Paris for a long time and was dying to get a view of Vegas from the top. We were lucky enough to have 2 for 1 coupon and only had to pay $11 for the two of us to get an elevator ride up the tower. Right before the elevator ride, we had our photo taken from two different angles. Both of the photos came out beautifully; we decided to buy one with the decorative border at the entrance (about $26). I can't emphasize enough how if you want the best view of Vegas, seeing it from the top of the Eiffel Tower is a MUST. I HIGHLY recommend going around sunset and watching the water show at the Bellagio while you're up there! It is truly a sightsee-er's dream watching the sunset, taking photos of the Bellagio's water show, and admiring the gorgeous Vegas night from above. It's hard to believe that the real Eiffel Tower is actually twice the height of this one in Vegas--I can't imagine how a view can be any more gorgeous as is!
5	This was my second stay in Vegas, and I was very excited to book the Paris hotel. The first time we went, we stayed at the Stratusphere- very disappointing, expensive, bad view, and far from everything. The Paris has an excellent location right in the middle of the strip, so easy to get to anything by just walking. The room was big and beautiful- nicely decorated, huge bed and huge bathroom. We had a fabulous view of the Bellagio and it's fountains across the street. Parking was free, but internet was not. Staff all seemed nice and helpful.They have quite a few restaurants and shops downstairs, and loved the continued theme. Something about it was very Disneyesque- a little cartoonish, very clean, but that was fine by me, it was cute. We ate at their bistro restaurant and had a delicious seafood dinner. We even ventured into the casino, where I won a few bucks at black jack, not bad!
4	I enjoy the atmosphere of Paris and the gambling areas are so much fun.  "Dino" is the best bar tender at Paris! He stays at Gustav's most of the time.  Must go eat dinner on the Eiffel Tower.  The location is great on the strip.
4	One of the beat buffets on the strip. Le creperie is on point! A mid-night snack hit the spot!
3	I really have mixed feelings about Paris Las Vegas.  I really want to LOVE it, but for several reasons I don't.  The Hubs and I stayed here over Valentine's Day in order to celebrate 10 years together.  Since it was a special occasion I had really high hopes we would receive great service, but alas this wasn't the case.During the booking process, the service was excellent.  We were given a good rate and told that there would be a note on our reservation indicating our anniversary, so we should expect good service.  Upon our arrival I had high hopes for getting a good room and we were told that the room we were assigned was really nice with a view, but it wasn't ready.  We were fine with that because we wanted a nice room for our celebration - we were told to come back in two hours and our room would be cleaned by then (he said he put a rush request).  Well after 3 hours walking the strip and coming back at 4 for our room, it wasn't ready.  I was getting upset and clearly just wanted to plop down in a room for awhile, so the guy gave us another room with a view that was available.  He said it was in a good location not near an elevator.  Lies- it was the first door after a suite right near the elevators!  The room was ok - not the red room we booked, but it had a great view of the fountains and Eiffel tower.  Unfortunately, we were next to a suite, which was really noisy.  We were really upset and asked to move rooms the next day.  The person we spoke to was rude and offered us a new room, but no apology for the nose of sewage smell in the bathroom.The second room we got was a red room.  It was similar and also had a good view but a smaller window.  All in all, I like the location of Paris and the style inside.  We really liked Mon Ami Gabi and going to the top of the Eiffel Tower.  All in all, not a bad stay, but surely not the amazing stay I hoped for.
5	No complaints here! We checked in for my wife's birthday weekend and I had booked the trip through Virgin American Airlines. The price of the hotel was really, really good. When we checked in to the hotel they would let us check in until after 2 PM. After checking in we got to our room and we noticed they gave us a room with two beds. We went downstairs and told them about the room and within a couple of seconds they gave us another room. We went to our room which was a strip view and it was just what we expected. The room was clean, and the bed was comfy. We had no problems the entire stay and WILL stay there again. The location is great and the inside the hotel is really awesome place to view.
3	Walked in....instantly received Free tix to Phantom (wanted LeReve but will take em') Spa is killer and so is the Merlot!  Far cry from Cosmo but still very fun!!
4	Haven't stayed at the hotel, but went to the casino and their breakfast buffet.  I was told by a savvy Vegas traveler not to miss the Paris Breakfast buffet, because it was the best in town.  The line was over an hour wait, but I would do it again.  I am a breakfast person, and on vacation, I better have a mimosa option.  Paris was excellent.I also liked their casino, dessert shop, and the general decor.   It is a beautiful hotel, inside and out.
4	When you get into this hotel, check in on Facebook. A coupon will pop up for a Buy one, get one free drink in any Paris hotel bar. Go to the rewards counter, show the screen and get the voucher. I did this two days in a row and went to the bar next to the sports book. The bartender said that if I used the video poker machines, he could keep giving me drinks as well. I haven't stayed here but will consider it for my next trip. The inside is lovely and the location is fantastic.
4	When it comes to Vegas it is all about location location location. Being located on the center of the strip is top priority when I visit because it is so much easier to get around without haveing to drive or take cabs. Paris is perfactly located and for that reason i highly recomend staying there when in Vegas. Paris also offers everything you could want from a upscale hotel. From the great dinning to a nice Casino. The staff here was also very friendly. I really appreciated them letting us in the room early at check in. The rooms here are about what you expect in Vegas. The bed was comfortable and the bathroom was very nice with a bath and shower. The buffet here was also amazing as was the pastry shop. Would stay here again!
4	I did a lot of research before booking a hotel room in Las Vegas, because there are so many to choose from.  The Paris fit just about all of my family's needs, which included a pool that is open year-round, decent restaurants, cool theme, comfortable room, and good location on The Strip.  I got a newly renovated "Red Room," which was perfect.  I requested one with a view of the Bellagio Fountains, and that was provided by the check-in clerk, no problem.  My husband and I typically despise and avoid buffets, but The Village is a must when in Vegas.  We even took advantage of the "All you can drink" beer/wine package that you can purchase with it.  I did my best, but my hubby said it was time to call it a night after 3 pints.I took my son on The Eiffel Tower Experience, which was pretty fun.  The view of Las Vegas at night from up there is amazing!  I signed up for daily texted coupons, so we got a 2-for-1 ride.  This would be a 5 star review, but the bell hops would not let us use any of their luggage carts to wheel in our full cooler from the car.  We had to carry that 50lb beast to the room by ourselves.  Also, the movie we ordered froze halfway through, but the hotel removed the charge from our bill.
4	Friendly and helpful staff.  Fast express elevators.  Good choices in restaurants.  Great location.  Casino large enough to make you feel like you're "in" Vegas, but not so large as to be intimidating. Good price. Room a little outdated, but very clean and comfortable.  Lost my jacket at the casino and was able to pick it up at security the next morning.  Could have used a better view, but I'm a smoker, so I'm getting used to being relgated to the "back of the bus". Looking forward to my next stay and to seeing "Jersey Boys".
3	Too long to walk from one side to the next...how do you find the exit.
4	Got a good rate($120/night) back in December so I stayed here with the wife for our anniversary this past weekend in Vegas. Very nice place. Cool theme, good restaurants, etc. As for the rooms, we had the basic one and it was nice. There was a couch, nice furniture, coffee maker, mini fridge, and a comfortable king sized bed. Our bathroom did not have a separate shower and tub, so I guess you need to upgrade for that. I have stayed here, Excalibur, and the Las Vegas Hotel(formerly the Las Vegas Hilton) in the last 6 months. Paris was better than the other 2 as far as restaurants, decor, theme, etc. As far as JUST the room and nothing else, I would say it is a step above Excalibur's upgraded room(the tower widescreen room I believe its called), but about the same as the LVH's upgraded room. I give this hotel the overall edge because of LOCATION. Paris is right in the middle of everything, and we walk everywhere, so that works out really well. I didn't see very many kids here in this hotel. On Saturday night we could hear the music thumping from the club, but it didn't keep us awake. We were on the 23rd floor and our room was on the back side of the hotel, so looking out of it we were facing north and had another tower between us and a view of the strip. I wouldn't make a tremendous effort to stay here again, but if a good rate presented itself, I would take it. I also like how they don't charge a resort fee. It was a great weekend, we enjoyed our stay, and I think you would too if you stayed here.
2	Just had the buffet.  Not my favorite.  Poorly laid out and crowded.  Lines at every station.  Table service was poor.  I think the buffet at the Mirage is way better.
3	Replica of the Eiffel Tower. During the daytime, you can overlook the strip. It really does look like Paris on the inside, complete with a ceiling painted as a sky. This is a tourist must-see just for the Bellagio fountain show. I do wish the hours were better, considering it's Vegas and all.
4	This is where my group of friends and I played most of the time in Vegas and we didn't even stay at the hotel. The casino is very nice and well layed out. They have SINGLE Deck cards which is great and the best for black jack. The dealers are super nice and really try to help you win, they talk to you and really try to make sure you have a good time.That's what I look for in a dealer, you don't want someone to just stand there, deal and not talk to you. I feel intimated when they give you the silent treatment.Wonderful place to play and the waitresses are sweet as well and always make sure you are filled up which doesn't happen in every casino. Go play black jack at Paris!
4	My husband and I, and a group of our friends, stayed here during our trip.  The room were nice enough.  It was clean and comfortable.  The outside of the hotel is so beautiful with the Eiffel Tower and the balloon. We loved the Eiffel Tower shaped souvenir drinks--$17 and so fun.  Also strong so don't underestimate them.  The Eiffel Tower restaurant was very good.  The Cafe Il Saint Louis was awful so stay away from there. Chateau and  the Sugar Factory are fun.  You can get free passes to Chateau if you are a group of ladies.  Also they open up the Eiffel Tower as a club on Saturdays.  We stopped by and it was very fun.  The pool was quiet, like very quiet, but it was early March so that could change.  The staff was friendly. All and all it was a nice place to be and very convenient on the strip.  I would stay again for sure. Just stay away from the cafe.
4	my fiancee and i stayed here recently.. we got the red room.. while there wasn't really a view.. the room was clean.. and the hotel is located on the strip and the price was cheap.. pretty much all you need for weekend in vegas.. btw.. they have single deck blackjack which is good if know how to bet
3	The best thing about Paris is their perfect location in the center of the strip. I also love their restaurants. Mon Ami Gabi is quite possibly my favorite Vegas restaurant. (check out my review). Their buffet is also one of my favorites. (I will try to get that review up soon). And then of course is Sugar Factory (yep, you guessed it, I reviewed it). In other words, Paris has so much going on that I love. Now let's talk hotel: if the Parisian style is for you, you will find a clean, modest room, and probably be happy. I, however, prefer contemporary, sleek decor, so this place isn't really for me. One thing about our room that WAS amazing, was the view. We were directly in front of the BELLAGIO fountains. One strike against Paris?  Housekeeping was pretty lax when it came to cleaning up the hallways. When you leave your room and see someone's room service trays in the hall, and come back several hours later and they are still there, that's a bit of a turn-off, and really not OK.WI-FI:   Hotels that still do not offer free wi-fi drive me crazy! There is no excuse for it, and I see it as pure greed on their part! In fact, this bothers me so much, that I am now refusing to stay any place that does not have free wi-fi! Paris is charging, but if you go to the little cafe' in the lobby, you can get it free there. I think it's only a matter of time before most places offer free wi-fi.
4	Charming, for the most part.  Excellent location, clean rooms, bad views, spot on decor, nice casino, buffet needs some serious organization and attention.  I much preferred New York, New York for every reason in the book.
5	Great experience and had a Blast.
3	The Crepe Place is the highlight of this casino for me! The rooms were nothing special, just your standard casino room with a view of the strip. I will say that housekeeping was here extremely fast when we broke a glass in the room.
4	the overall:can be reasonably priced. Good location. Clean. A bit dated. Friendly staff.When in Vegas, there is a crop of hotels you can depend on for a reasonable expectation of quality.  Paris appears just slightly higher than some but surprise!  Inside appears more dated than expected.Older style TVs, the equipment and amenities are just shy of being obsolete but no issues are too offensive that they would take away from your stay.Location is good, central to the strip. Walking distance to most attractions and clubs and it's easy to find.Most other hotels at this level already have LCD tvs and things.  It feels like Paris is lagging behind, trying to stay off spending that extra budget on upgrades until the last possible moment.
3	Reviewing the Casino only.  If you like a Casino on the strip that is pretty mellow this is it.  However, dealers on the craps table were very rude and looked down-right grumpy.  The craps table itself is actually a medium sized one.  I didn't enjoy the club music playing loudly in the background.
1	DO NOT STAY UNLESS YOU WANT YOUR PERSONAL BELONGINGS STOLEN!!! I am currently on vacation here at Paris (not even here 24 hours) and someone at the pool stole my bag with my personal items such as phone, wallet with credit cards and id. Granted it was partially my fault for stepping away for two minutes; however the hotel staff and security were NOT helpful. Security simply made me fill out a report and that was the end of that. The front desk kept asking for ID in order for us to get new keys into our room in which we couldn't provide this information because it was stolen. The person who stole our things withdrew over 1000.00 from a local ATM as well as went on a shopping spree at the Nike store. Surveillance cameras were not checked and the front desk did not even allow us to use their phone to make a phone call. The front desk was quick to say that they would charge my stolen credit card the balance of the room before I decided to call my credit card company to report it stolen. My entire trip is ruined because I have no id, no money, and now I have to spend another day tomorrow tryng to find a police sub station that is open in order to file a report as well as try to get some type of report verifying my identity to travel home. Entering Paris, you will notice tons of security wandering around; however when something actually happens they are useless. Anyone is allowed to come to pool with or without a room key. It wouldn't surprise me if one of the Paris employees by the pool had somethng to do with it!
4	My husband found us a great rate for the Paris Hotel and we were not disappointed.The rooms were spacious and clean. The TVs were older, but that doesn't really matter since we weren't in the room that often.I really, really love the crepes they sell in their creperie within the casino - absolutely delicious! Every time we go to Vegas, it's a must stop for us.If you show your room card to the bouncers outside of the Chateau nightclub, they'll let you in for free. :)It is centrally located, so we walked to a good amount of places and would sometimes just take a taxi back.We would definitely stay here again.
4	I loved Paris Hotel! It offers a whole experience to visitors from the casino, cafes, restaurants, shops to the Eiffel Tower.  It is great!Location is amazing, right in the middle of the strip which gave us lots of freedom to move wherever we wanted without needing a car/cab.Staff was very friendly and helpful all over the place.The Sugar Factory is downstairs, restaurant/sweets shop open 24 hrs, pretty handy for those times when we couldn't find places to eat late at night.Rooms are dated but it seems to be part of the french experience, spacious, clean. We got a room with view to the Eiffel Tower and the pool which was kinda nice.It is a busy hotel but there's lots of amenities for everybody, fast elevators, good size pool.I would definitely go back to Paris!
3	We visited Paris and enjoyed our stay but, let's be honest, it could have been a Holiday Inn. The decor was certainly a bit more frilly but the room was not over the top French-themed. In fact, the whole pretense of Frenchness is a thing of the past. Maids and waitstaff have ditched their faux French accents, thank God.Our room had all the normal amenities, plus an empty minibar we could use as a fridge. The bed had five pillows, which we find barely acceptable. You need at least six or seven pillows to be high end. Agree?Note: As with any large hotel in Vegas, the walk from the free parking is excessive.
4	It served the purpose, a mid priced hotel room in Vegas.  I like that there isn't a long walk from the front to the rooms, for a casino it's a short walk.  The rooms are clean and well appointed.  We had 8 people in our room drinking at one point and between chairs and beds we had enough room for everybody.  The soundproofing is terrible, I could hear every conversation in the hall.  Quick check in and check out, no major problems.  It's not fancy; they don't recycle, no robes, and no in room coffee or amenities.
3	Vive Le France!Lets be honest since the demise of the Mob's presence in Vegas themed hotels have been the allure to Vegas.  Well besides the availability to debauchery and gambling.  When you come to Vegas why would you want to stay in a regular run-of-the-mill hotel when you can be whisked away to Paris? You wouldn't.Welcome to the Paris Hotel.  This is the premiere destination when enjoying a romantic trip to Vegas.  From arrival you are greeted by familiar landmarks that you have seen on many a postcard.  Some you have no clue what their names are but you know you've seen them.Once inside I feel like I have been transported to France (minus the long flight and cost). At least what I imagine what France is like, I wont actually be to the real Paris until August.  The staff members are very courteous and really make your stay as pleasant as possible.  The best rooms to get are the front facing rooms, not only are the views better but they are larger.  With comfortable beds, settee's and and aroma one can assume is of Parisian allure.I cant wait to get back to Paris Hotel, but seeing as I am single ill wait.  Nothing makes you more depressed then being a single girl in a romantic place.....
1	Our room at Paris was robbed, they took a laptop and some other electronics.  It isn't a sure thing that Paris employees were responsible - though it is more likely than not, since there was no forced entry - but the Paris security staff had no interest in helping us.  The security guy said that he had never in ten years seen a situation where a maid robbed a room.  It might not happen frequently, but to suggest it never happens is ridiculous.  (And when the theft was reported to the cops, the officer said maids are often responsible for theft at hotels.)  The Paris security staff also discouraged us from reporting the matter to the police, wouldn't tell us when key cards had been used to access our room, wouldn't tell us if they found anything from reviewing their security tapes, and generally did little other than CYA.  I'm sure there is some theft at every hotel.  But the way the Paris staff handled it made it much worse.
1	LADIES-Don't wear heels to this place it was obviously designed by men!  There is cobblestone everywhere, shined and polished to the slipperiest of slopes for stilettos to find!!!! You have to walk really far before you find your saving grace: carpet!The men aren't good looking, the tables are too high, the bartenders are slow, the parking is far. Go somewhere better and safer in your heels.
4	We stayed one night in the Paris hotel. A lost stop on our way home to Ca. My daughter loves Paris and thought it would be nice and fun for her. She loved the decor of lobby, shops and obviously the tower. I wasn't a big fan of the rooms and halls leading you to them. Its outdated and although clean but needs a touch up may be a lil paint. Our was eh, the tv was missing a button and furniture again outdated. Get the Frenchy decor keep that but get new sheets and furniture. Bathrooms are nice in size. Beds were ok comfortable. Our view was the best but I did pay extra for it. The location was great.
4	This is a great mid strip hotel. The rooms are well appointed and a good value. The casino is standard for the strip. My friends and I enjoy Mon Ami Gabi every time we visit Vegas. We also use the gazebo bar as our meeting place whether we are staying at Paris or not.
4	I have gambled at Paris numerous times.  My group of friends stayed at Bally's regularly for several years, and when you're staying at Bally's to save money on rooms, you may as well walk next door to Paris to spend your time.  It's prettier and more professional.  The only tradeoff is that perhaps sometimes the table minimums are too high for your blood.  Also, the dining options are too conservative, and of course Paris doesn't really look like this, but all in all, it's a pleasant place to spend your time compared to many of the other area casinos.This recent trip was my first time staying in the Paris hotel.  A friend negotiated a group rate for another friend's bachelor party.  The quality of the room is an expected upgrade over Bally's.  The beds are very, very comfortable, and the curtains very effectively light-blocking, both of which are quite important when sleep is at such a premium on your average weekend in Vegas.  Other details include:+ Large mini-fridge+ Two phones (seems unnecessary)+ A refrigerator-style light inside each of the chiffarobes- Poor towels- Poor water pressure- Separate shower stall and bathtub (puzzling)- Old-school tube TV- No exhaust fan in the bathroom- Too much noise from adjoining room through the connecting door
4	I really liked this hotel. The staff for the hotel itself was super friendly. Rooms were quite comfortable too. I do agree with a few negative things previous reviewers said. David R. hit all the pros and cons right on the head. The hotel has the best location. Very nice.
3	Nice hotel, but you can see where they have cut back on maintaining the property. Rooms were clean and prices were good.  WIFI cost is ridiculous.  Spotty cell phone coverage throughout the resort (ATT)
4	Took a cheap Allegiant flight out of Shreveport, LA for 4 free nights, two free dinners, two free show tickets, and $150 play money at the Paris Casino Resort. They lured me in for sure but it turned out to be well worth it.From the beginning, the hotel staff was very courteous and appreciative. The room was a higly stylized room with recently renovated (2012?) decor. The view overlooking the fountains of the Bellagio across the street was spectacular. You can hear the music and the booms of the fountain which is nice. Winning.The spa was nice for a little rub down and steam in the sauna. A small attractive latino woman with a G.I.JOE kung fu grip worked me over pretty good. I was too intimidated after to ask for a happy ending. I just scooped myself off the table and oozed into the sauna for a while. That was real nice in February. Nice until an old Asian gentlemen came in and promptly farted. Thats one way to get some alone time. The massage is worth the fee but beware the built in gratuity of nearly $50. Didnt matter to me since my casino host comped everything but the gratuity upon checkout. Winning.The Diamond/VIP lounge was packed all the time but we managed to carve out a table when we needed to have a quick bite and a couple of drinks that didnt take 30 minutes to get. Live Entertainment options will kind of sparse here. We saw Hypnotist Anthony Coolsin the casino's small theater. Funny show and X-rated so it fit well with my twisted sense of humor. Saw turn a man into a dog with an itchy ass. Thats Vegas.The main casino floor was kind of small for a Vegas casino I thought, but I found all my usual favorites. Played a $5 slot and won 3 jackpots on 3 different play sessions. $1200, $6750 & $900. Winning, duhhhh.
2	This place is tired.  Perhaps it was cool 10 years ago, but their rooms really need to be updated.  I can't believe they still have those big and nasty amour cabinets with a tube (ewwww) tv.  You need to pile up all these things and burn them!  No seriously though, the beds were sub-par, and there really wasn't anything special about the room.  If the bathroom is the best part of the room, you got some 'splaining to do.And their gym closes at 7pm?  WTF??
3	One of the mom's in our Parenting Group suggested a trip to Vegas.  Once the wheels got in motion, the organizer booked this hotel.  I guess she had been here before.  I can't believe it was pretty painless to gather 11 women and finalize plans so effortlessly.   I had a great time in Vegas, even though I am not a big fan.  I don't gamble and can't stand cigarette smoke. I was so happy I only had to share my room with one person and I was lucky my roomy was pretty cool.  The hotel seems a little lack luster.  The lobby and casino feel dirty and Samantha C. is right, the fake cobblestone is slippery.  Our room was very nice and we had a great view of the Strip and the pool at the Aria.  I didn't care too much for the pool at our hotel, the towels were so dingy and kind of raggedy.  The service at the pool was non existent.  I would have had a drink by the pool, however the server I called told me "this is not my section".  I asked her to send someone, two hours later we went back to our rooms.  Good thing I always carry water in my purse.  The dealers at the casino were pretty nice.  One of the moms wanted to play Pai Gow poker.  Most of us didn't know how, since we took over the whole table, they were giving us lessons.  I won $5, lol.  I am not sure I will be back to this hotel, but I had a really great time with my fellow moms.
4	Very nice resort, I just don't care for french food. Nice rooms and a nice well ventilated casino
3	It an alright hotel, but the room is too small. Also the room is not clean. I prefer Bally's over Paris. The decoration is weird but there are bits and piece about it that are nice. The casino is easy to win and that is about it. So for a hotel that is on the strip I give it a 3 star. Also the buffet line wait is too long.
4	We split a room with a friend who got a good deal here because of his propensity to gamble a lot of money. We couldn't ask for a better deal: only a little above $300 for the three of us for three nights.It was a nice atmosphere with a pretty good sized fridge. It had both a bath and a shower in the bathroom, which is a plus. The television was pretty big too, which is awesome.We ordered room service for dinner one night, and it came really fast. It was delicious too. Two burgers and a club sandwich. I can attest to the club sandwich being just perfect for my craving. The pool was just okay. Nothing special. But I did like the 2 for 1 drink specials at the bar.I'd be back if we got another deal like this.
4	I love the fact that its in the middle of the strip. I also like gambling there. I am bias because it has my fave wheel of fortune slot.
4	My girlfriends and I were only here for the buffet Le Village but as soon as we walked in, I instantly loved the place!  The theme is awesome.  So beautiful to see inside and outside. The buffet was awesome!  Definitely the best of all the 24hr buffets.  Besides the buffet, they have different restaurants and chocolate and crepe shops...Everything looked so amazingly good.  I would definitely consider staying here next time and trying different restaurants in here.
2	Pretty unimpressed, as far as Vegas hotels go. When I first got there, I went to check in and the line was fairly massive. I finally get to the front around 2pm, and am told I need to wait 1 hour for a room, but that I can check my bags. I go to the concierge and ask, and they point me outside, where there is no clear place to go. And it's 100 degrees. So I keep my bag and find a place to sit down and work.No internet. Unless you pay $15/night for a wired connection in your room. We were there for a business convention, so this is completely unacceptable. One conference room had internet. ONE.I call in an hour, and they tell me my room isn't ready yet. I have a presentation in an hour, so I ask if there's anything they can do to get me in sooner, and they do it without a problem. OK, so if there is a room ready, why didn't you give it to me when I asked the first time? My boss wasn't able to check in until 5pm (he got there at 8am).The room was decent, but pretty old. The toilet barely flushed the first day, and actually got clogged up the second. The TV remote barely worked. Also, the lights in the room were strangely located- on the outside of the beds, rather than in the middle. And the bathroom had a nice mirror with extra magnification, except I'm 5'6" and could barely reach it. The shower had no light over it, and lost hot water during one of my showers.Overall, not recommended. There are much better places to stay on the strip, for the same (or lower) price.
1	The only thing I have ever been to at this hotel before and liked and still do is Mon Ami Gabi, the restaurant close to Las Vegas Blvd in the casino/hotel lobby. The rest sucks. You can hear neighbors in their rooms, the doors are dirty, the staff is slow and half of them are not very friendly. Finally, I stay in a lot of hotels on business travel. This hotel is SLOW at checking people in and during their peak check in time they only had 4 employees staffed at the front desk.  On top of that it is $25 a day for the gym which is lacking and you have to pay $5 to print a boarding pass while at other hotels it is free. While gambling at Paris and Planet Hollywood the wait staff doesn't come by for an hour or more to serve a drink. Valet also took an eternity, it was faster to self park and walk the distance. I hope I don't have to stay here again.
4	Don't think you can get out of taking your wife or girlfriend to the real Paris. That being said this is a fun little place with good restaurants, great people watching and a good size casino. It is connected to Bally's so you can walk quite a ways without having to brave the heat of the Las Vegas Strip. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
4	It's my first time staying at Paris, and it was pretty nice. I love how the hotel room elevator is very close to the main entrance, thus I don't have to weave through the casino to get to it. The room is pretty standard and spacious. The bathroom is pretty big, with a bath tub, standing shower, a sink and toilet. The a/c unit works pretty well except when I try to raise the temperature over 72F, it starts giving out this burnt odor. Another thing is we were given a room that's connect to another room through a door, and whenever they're being loud, I can kind of hear. But it's not too bad considered I'm not in the room most of the time.The location is also pretty good, consider it's like in the middle with Bellagio across the street and Cosmopolitan just diagonally across. There are several cafe down at the casino level, and it's nice to grab some pastry to go and head to the pool. The swimming pool here is pretty nice. I said no outside food allowed but I see everyone bring stuff in, and they're okay with it as long as it's not glass bottles and it doesn't contain alcohol. They put music on and there's a bar that serve greatttt frozen strawberry daquiri.Also try their buffet, it's pretty good too.
3	The hotel interior is actually kind of cute. Rooms are decent looking but the mattresses are very outdated with being able to feel the metal springs. Pillows are filled with feathers and were also limp an worn out. My favorite part about this hotel is that they don't charge any resort fees which is pretty awesome. Rooms can have wifi for $13.99 a day if you choose. The housekeeping staff is very friendly and made sure we always had fresh towels. I never like leaving my room without the do not disturb sign and sometimes I have experienced housekeeping come on in anyways, but not at the Paris which again was very nice. Each morning they call us if we are out and leave a message saying they will bring up anything needed. This hotel is also located to my favorite poker room at aria of course. Only problem with the location is that there is nowhere to cross for pedestrians. Luckily a taxi cab is only about $6-$7 each way.
3	I haven't stayed in many hotels in Las Vegas, but so far Paris has been the better of them. The rooms here are a decent size, though the TV is old school and small. There is lots of closet-drawer room if you have an extended stay, too. The bathroom is awesome with the separated tub and shower. The room service, a bit pricey but average for Las Vegas, was pretty quick and the food was pretty good for breakfast. Service and checkout was a breeze. Tip: if ever staying visiting Vegas, try to go during the week and not the weekends--rates are far cheaper and not as many people.
5	We had a lovely room, a decent rate, and the cleanliness factor was excellent (my main concern!).  The buffet was sooo good, and there are a lot of great food options here.  The pool is great!  Service is prompt.  There are steps all around the pool, so if you're a baby like me, you can sit on the steps (even if it's busy) and get used to the water before making the plunge.  The location was great as well.  Walk through Bally's, and the monorail is right there!  Planet Hollywood is next door (free wifi at Starbucks and Coffee Bean), and Caesar's is right across the street.
4	As a Diamond card holder of the Total Rewards program with Harrah's, I get lots of offers for free rooms in Vegas, including Paris.  I love to stay here and it always feels like "home" for me on the strip.  Love the location and the service is always consistently good.  I especially like that this casino is not HUGE, but just big enough (as compared to Ceasar's where I find myself wandering in circles at night looking for the right tower and elevator to just get to bed!  Wait...maybe that has something to do with 12 hours of consistent drinking....hmmm...ok, well...).  I love the red rooms at Paris and have also stayed in the Penthouse suite a few years ago (which was a nice treat and a comp upgrade).  The Diamond Lounge is nice because it's easily accessible and they have hot apps in the afternoon and always free cocktails.  I'll sum it up with:  Le Paris est magnifique!
4	My first stay in Paris was a very positive experience. The hotel is very easy to get around and not a maze like many other big name hotels out there. The first day I was there I already knew my way around the place. I stayed in their normal rooms and it was your typical sized Vegas hotel room. Our room came with a fridge which was nice. Beds were super comfy and bathroom had a tub and seperate shower. I forgot I had my do not disturb sign up all day and the floor manager gave me a call and asked if I needed house keeping to come in and clean. I thought that was a really nice gesture. The pool is nothing to go crazy about just one big pool. View of the tower was really nice though. Note that the bar by the pool sometimes has buy one get one free drink specials so take advantage! It only lasted 15 mins but it was still worth it. Overall, I would defintely stay at this hotel again. It's in a good spot on the strip and has excellent service.
5	Once you're on The Strip, you can't miss the large and domineering Las Vegas replica of the Eiffel Tower or the Paris balloon.There's a ride that can take you in the elevator of the Eiffel Tower, and then there's the infamous Eiffel Tower souvenier cup. The Eiffel Tower souvenier cup is a must. A must I say! Boyfriend and I's IDs were checked, and the bartender noticed that my boyfriend's birthday was day of, so he doubled the dosage of vodka. Ouuvay! Guaranteed to make you actin' like you druUuuunk.Interior decor could use a bit more oomph tho.
4	We switched from the Venetian to the Paris, so we were spoiled by the room size and opulent bathroom at the previous hotel. I'll try to not let that influence this review.Average sized rooms. Nice staff. If you want a crepe, go for the buffet. An a la carte crepe is $10. For $15 you can get an all you can eat buffet WITH all u can eat creeps! Check in on four square for the $5 off buffet coupon. Not as smoking as some of the hotels we visited which is great if you have Ida and don't want to expose them to prolonged smoke on the way to the room. Much smaller shopping area than Caesars or Venetian.  Connected to the monorail through Bally's but you'll have to take your family through the Bally's Casino to access it.  centrally located.Only gambled at 3 tables all night because the dealers at those tables were so pleasant. Glad we stayed there.
1	After a night of watching rugby at a local bar, we head to Paris, for some zzzs.Deep into the night........Hubs: "Baby, this place has bed bugs, I have just been bit!"Game over.
1	Awful awful awful! Why would anyone actually choose to stay here when there are so many other options on the strip?? Bad service, seriously outdated, dirty room (even our "upgraded suite") and the list goes on. My boyfriend and I stayed here because he was attending a fitness convention so this obviously made sense for us. Our last night there, he got food poisoning (from Olives at the Bellagio) so he was throwing up and having horrible chills. I called down to housekeeping to have them bring us more blankets, but was informed that they had run out (seriously?) so they brought us some extra sheets instead. Thanks. In conclusion, this hotel needs a MAJOR overhaul to keep up with the new swanky ones or else I can't imagine how on earth they will survive.
4	Just realized I didn't review on Yelp...so it's copy pasta from another review!I booked the red room at a discounted rate for my bachelorette weekend. Personally the decor was not my taste but the room did its job, clean, comfy, etc. Houndstooth carpet, lots of red and old wood...but the room was very comfortable. Also, when I told the front desk guy what the occasion was, he mentioned he gave me a room with a nice view...which was a bit of an understatement. It was in front of the Eiffel Tower, the pool and the Bellagio Fountains! I was giggling like an idiot everytime the fountains popped off. And if it was quiet enough, I could hear the music.Housekeepers were super nice and accommodating when I asked for extra towels, cups, etc. Also, we called asking for extra hangers. I expected a hotel this size to be super slow with such things but they were very fast.The service quality is GREAT for a Vegas hotel. Might stay here again if I snag a deal :)
4	Paris is the first Vegas hotel I got to see. We came here to eat crepes. Mediocre crepes. Anyway, it has a really cute shopping area in it which is designed to look like as if you were sauntering through a Parisian street and comes complete with a ceiling painted sky blue with clouds. The buffet isn't as cheap as it used to be but reportedly the lines are as long as ever. Parking is free and no problem as they have a large parking structure. Outside, Paris is beautiful. There is a half sized Eiffel Tower and a fake hot air balloon, an Arc de Triomphe and Paris looking architecture. I do not think it is tacky like New York New York.
3	I was thinking about staying here, but after visiting I think I'll pass.  It's too stinkin' crowded.  Not the casino, but the shoppe area.  The shoppe area is supposed to look like the back alleys of Paris, but it's too narrow for a Las Vegas hotel.  Fail.  Negative Ghost Rider, the pattern is full.  I'll stay at the Orleans over this place.
3	I stayed here 6/29/2012 to 07/01/2012.Got a good price to stay here, so we booked the standard luxury room. Arrived pretty late--about 1:00 am Saturday morning--and got a complimentary upgrade to a LeMans suite since they were out of standard luxury rooms. Sweet!!The suite itself looked great; decor and furniture were of high quality. Full size shower and hot tub in the bathroom. And a bidet!! The weirdest thing though was the old school box TV set. Umm, okay. Otherwise great room.The clientele at Paris, however, is OLD (no offense). Nice place to stay at with your significant other; not so nice a place if you're out with your buddies or for a bachelor party.
2	My husband and I decided to experience a new hotel at our stay in Vagas when we came a day early and had reservations the rest of the week at the Palazzo.The hotel was super crowded because we were told they had three conventions going on that weekend, but when we came back later in the week to see Jersey Boys (which is amazing), it was still pretty crowded.Before going to our room, we decided to get dinner at one of the places inside the hotel.  There really wasn't too much the hotel offered as far as restaurants.  We decided to go to this "french bakery" that served pizza by the slice, sandwiches, and pastries.  I don't know about you, but last time I checked, pizza is Italian not French.  We got some sandwiches that were more of Italian origin than French, and they ok, not my fave.  The service took forever and we barely found a place to sit.  That kind of was a foreshadowing of what the rest of our stay was going to be like.Our room wasn't great, but what I expected from the pictures.  We had an awesome view of the Eiffel tower out front, which was cool.  The fridge from the mini bar was empty, which surprised me, but is gave us opportunity to put our own drinks in there, even if they fit oddly.  It made me wonder why a hotel wouldn't try to get more money out of you by providing a mini bar?  But it wasn't like I would have used it, so I can't complain.  The bed was really hard.  I'm glad we only spent one night there.  I would expect a bed like that in a Motel 6, not a place in Vegas you pay over $200 a night.The room service itself was good, but the quality of items they brought to us were not.My husband needed a humidifier so that his throat won't get too dry at night.  They brought one promptly, but it was more like a swamp cooler than humidifier.  We had to put it on full blast for it to really make any difference, and it was loud.  My husband had a hard time sleeping over it.  (The Palazzo gave us a humidifier which used three times more water at full blast and was really quiet.)For breakfast we decided to get room service since I had never had room service breakfast before.  Both things that we ordered were really simple.  I had salmon, cream cheese and bagels, and my husband had fruit with yogurt and granola.  They came to us pretty fast because we ordered things you can basically just throw on a plate.  When I got my plate, it had a variety of things you might want to put on your locks and bagels that were listed in the menu under what I ordered.  They were missing capers, which  was sad but I wasn't going to bug room service over a minor side.  Then I tasted the salmon which was grey around the edges.  It tasted fishy, which is bad because in all the smoked salmon I've ever eaten, I've never once had it taste fishy.  I called room service to order something else, which was eggs benedict.  That was much better, but they put the hollandaise sauce on the side, which got a little messy.  My husbands breakfast was good, but its pretty hard to F up fruit and yogurt. Had it not been for the view and polite service, I would have given this place a one star.  I expect this kind of stuff at Motel 6, not at an nicer hotel in Las Vegas.
4	I stay here once in a while when I come to Vegas, I like the location between the other casinos. I don't play here, because out of all the Total Rewards Casinos, this one is one of the tighest on there slots. The inside of the casino is very pretty and the staff is super nice. The drink servers on the floor are very few and slow. I'm rating this on the hotel, the gaming is another story.
4	*As casinos go* pretty cool.  I really enjoyed the fake tower, the fake sky, and the fake streetwalk.  This is about as good as fake gets, people.
4	Had a great stay last Saturday. Brought the dogs with me. My only complaint: Have a space for the dogs to go to the bathroom closer to the rooms! Isn't there a side area or place right outside of one of the many exits to put some foliage? I was instructed to walk over to Bally's little grass patch which is why I was walking all over the place with my two cocker spaniels to get to the exit closest to Ballys. Not to say we didn't get a bunch of attention from people who actually thought it was cool the dogs were there, but it was kind of a pain in the ass to walk them all the way through the casino and past multiple restaurants to get them outside. I am a dog owner that understands dogs should never be near food establishments so truly that was the only disappointment.
4	great location!---got a reasonable price thru my totalrewards card! ;)nice, clean, roomy room!gordon ramsay restaurant downstairs!!!
4	I thought Paris was a pretty neat looking hotel with the Eiffel Tower statue and a small but fun Casino. We spent more time waiting to see if the weather would break so we could ride to the top of the tower than anything else at the hotel.The ceiling was decorated as the sky with the Eiffel Tower starting out in the center of the building. There is a bridge that takes you the elevator for the towers. The music is  pretty decent, there is a competition between one of there lounge areas and the girls dancing on a table in front of the poker tables.I think they have the perfect location right in the heart of the strip and across from the Fountains at the Bellagio. Inside of the Casino/ mall area there are plenty of shops, a few French cafes, Gordon Ramsey's restaurant and my favorite, Mon Ami Gabi. They have a Club, Chateau inside that plays the latest dance clubs songs. No need to worry about a crazy cover because just like everything in Vegas they give guest-list access and free entry.I will definitely be staying at Paris on one of my trips back to Vegas!
1	I remember when this was one of the nicest hotels on the Strip. Like Napoleon, those days are long gone.The rooms still have tube tvs, and some of the finishes look well worn. The elevators reek of cigarette smoke. The pool area has cracks on the pavement. The customer service is good overall, but you are starting to get what you pay for.They charge $15 a day for Internet, and $25 a day if you use it in the business center.  I went to the coffee shop to ask for a cup of hot water, and they charge $4.  Really?  You've got to be kidding.
3	Haven't stayed here as the rooms were sold out, but my first impression walking in was SMOKY! I know that's the way all casinos are here, but it hit me like a cloudy sock of soot when I dashed in to get my Jersey Boys tix. There are very good restaurants here http://bit.ly/LLP2cB and http://bit.ly/LLPh7k. And a great show, too.
3	Be honest, I love the hot air balloon and the tower, but the entrance doesn't look as amazing from far away view.  I even had hard time to find the entrance.  Inside, it looks old.  If you give me the choice of living here, I would say NO!  is this clear enough?
1	Sunday breakfast buffet no better than denny's.  Heard the champagne brunch which doesn't start til' 11 has more to offer but still not likely to be worth the money.
1	I'm absolutely clueless as to why this place is rated 4 stars; nothing about this place is 4 stars.I spent $300 after a corporate discount for 2 nights in a "luxury" room with my girlfriend and there was absolutely nothing luxurious about it. The room smelled nice and the furniture looked french, but that's about as good as it got.  There was no closet in the room at all.  The worst part was the bed, which was a nasty old spring mattress older than I am (pushing 30); seriously, their rooms have hands down the oldest, most uncomfortable hotel bed I've ever seen.  I would expect to find a bed like that in a mom and pop motel in the middle of nowhere, not a "luxury" room in a 4 star resort. I had to pay an extra $45/night to upgrade to a room with an upgraded bed but if I wanted to sleep on a king size bed with my girlfriend I had to get a smoking room (and of course I'm not a smoker).The staff was not helpful at all; nobody offered to help us move our luggage or apologize for the laughably bad bed they tried to give me.  The music they play in the elevator is all from the 50's because they can't afford to license music anyone wants to hear.  All the French accents in their 80's informational videos and hold messages are horribly fake, their super-slow Internet access is $15/day, most areas of the hotel need a fresh coat of paint but they're so broke that their mini-fridge isn't even stocked with anything and the only 24 hour food place is a candy store called the Sugar Factory.Also, If I'm paying hundreds of dollars a day at a resort in Vegas, I'd expect to be able to drink at the pool.  If you're thinking that too, expect to be told by the crew at the Paris that there's no alcohol allowed.All in all, I was disgusted by my experience there and I'll never EVER stay there, gamble in their casino or recommend them to anyone.  For less money, you can stay at the Luxor in a suite with a hot tub.  Paris was the worst time I've ever had in Vegas.
4	I went to the wrong Eiffel Tower this weekend. I also visited the wrong NYC, Monte Carlo, and Sahara. Sigh. That's not all that went wrong. Did you watch Hangover? Yeah, that was my weekend. Trannies, the roulette table, TELEMUNDO reality show, Larry Hernandez, fight at the concert, DJ LEE, crowd surfing for beers, Ddosing, the boys at Defcon, pawn shop rings, rich m&l beer guy, palm readers, hunting and hackers. What have I done? What happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas? Tell that to my new husband. I'm now looking for a good divorce lawyer if anyone knows one. And if anyone bumps into that tranny, tell her I know she stole my bikini.
4	Returned here again for our 2nd attempt to see Celine over at Caesar's. This time we had a 6th floor room that had a separate bathtub and shower, and we had a partial view of the strip, to include the Bellagio fountains and some other lights and hotels at no extra charge. The rate averaged out to be the same we got last time ($120/night) too. We're both still pleased with this place, and will continue to stay here at this price(or lower) with this GREAT location(which was still a painful walk to Caesar's in heels for my wife). And yes, we saw Celine this time, and she was GREAT!!
3	The Paris is a pleasant hotel with a great center strip location more or less across the street from the trifecta of the Cosmopolitan, Bellagio, and Caesars Palace. However it's visibly a step below its competition and has failed to keep up with the trend of increasingly larger and more technologically advanced rooms. Compared to the North Strip giants such as the Wynn/Encore and Venetian/Palazzo and the super-modern City Center hotels (Aria and the Cosmopolitan), the Paris is in an obviously lower bracket. That is not to say that the hotel is without its charms. The Paris theme is, for lack of a better phrase, "tres charmant." The staff is friendly, although they are no longer obligated to greet you with a hearty "Bonjour.": The shopping is lackluster and located in an underground walkway to the adjoining Bally's.  The rooms are certainly on the smaller end; the standard rooms are only about 350 sq feet, half the size of the standard room at the Wynn. You can upgrade (as I did) to a Red Room which does not necessarily give you a larger room but it does come with a few nice amenities (access to a lounge, champagne reception, etc.) and is nicer appointed than the standard room. There's nothing spectacular about the rooms; were it not for a few frilly Parisian touches you could easily confuse them for a standard Marriot or Holiday Inn room. The nice thing about the Paris is that it is easier to navigate than some of its labyrinthine, massive counterparts (looking at you Caesars and Venetian) so getting from the casino to your room and vice-versa is only a short walk to the elevator. Moreover the restaurants are all close to each other but problematically they are also close to the buffer (one of the better buffets on the strip) and the buffet line is almost always long and loud, which can detract from the dining experience. The restaurant selection is decent, with Mon Ami Gabi (patio seating with great view) , the Buffet, and Gordon Ramsey Steakhouse (new addition so very busy) being the highlights. There's two restaurants open 24 hours - Sugar Factory and Cafe du Parc - but be aware that Sugar Factory is both supremely overrated and overpriced and Cafe du Parc is frequently inedible.  In the last year the Paris finally introduced a real club to the hotel in Chateau which can get rather crowded on the weekends and which is generally on par with equivalent offerings at most Strip hotels. It's no XS or Tryst but it's better than PURE ( in my opinion) and infinitely classier than Haze.
2	Well....the rooms are small, staff was o-kay, and the casino sucked. The rooms looked clean, but didn't feel clean. The beds were sooooo hard. I woke up hurting every morning and it wasn't because of the drinking. And charging $15 for Internet? Ridiculous!  I won't be staying here again.
3	Wasn't the nicest place I've stayed, but far from the worst.  Hated the restaurants.  Very overpriced, and staff didn't seem happy to be employed. The worst valet service in Vegas. Waited 25 minutes to leave my car, and another 40 to get it back
4	Recently stayed at the Paris Hotel for 4 nights and LOVED it! We got a good rate from Kayak.com. The rooms were large, comfortable, and clean. The bathroom was huge too. Some of the decor and the TV were a bit dated but that's not a huge deal. Access to elevators is centrally located in the hotel and the signage is abundant and clear. The staff at the Paris are all wonderful - from the front desk to housekeeping. Very professional and helpful.The location on the Strip is excellent - right in the middle of everything! The restaurants within the Paris are great too - Mon Ami Gabi, the Paris buffet, etc. Paris is also connected directly to Bally's which is very convenient. No need to go outside!The pool area is pretty big and offers a great view of the strip. Waitresses are abundant, the pool is clean, there are sunny and shay area, and the towel service is very nice.The gym/spa at the Paris is pretty nice. The reviews for it on here are bad but when I checked it out for myself, I thought it was fine. See my separate review for that.Other nice points where that they offer express check out (no need to wait in the long lines twice) and they give you the option of billing most things within the hotel to your room (gym, spa, etc). The only somewhat bad thing is that the WiFi is for a fee which is crappy.I would absolutely come back to the Paris anytime.
5	This review is very late In coming - almost 2 years late. We went to Vegas for labor day weekend a couple of years back. We were 3 of us and had booked a room with 2 queens. We reached there almost around midnight of the day of booking and found that our room was given away. The management then apologized and gave us the PRESIDENTIAL SUITE. I believe that's what it was called.it was luxurious. Had a master bed with king, a beautiful living space, a royal bathroom as big as the entire suite itself, a great view of the strip, statue of liberty and the bellagio fountains beyond it. It was luxury at it's best. We had come to Vegas after completing arches and Zion national parks and the plush beds and jacuzzi were perfect for our sore bodies.
5	This was the first Hotel Casino I ever visited in Vegas almost 10 years ago and it still is my favorite! The rooms are consistently clean and spacious, to me that's the most important thing when staying at hotels; nothing fancy really just nice and comfortable.The room prices are pretty fair considering the excellent location on the strip and the staff seem to always be cheery and helpful.The buffet is by far the best thing in this hotel. We've tried most buffets including Rio's, Wynn's, Bellagio's and the Venetian and honestly, they just can't compete with Paris'. The dessert bar, bread, pastries, seafood, even the steaks are absolutely delicious!!I love the casino and I seem to never lose playing slots here! LOLWe have reservations for next weekend, can't wait!
4	Paris has seen its better days but when it comes to room rate and most importantly, location, location, location, it can't be beat!The hotel has been around for 13-years and in that time frame, I've stayed here quite a few times but this review is from my most recent visit.  Although not quite as old as the Flamingo, Bally's, Excalibur, Harrah's or even the Mirage, Paris is starting to show it's age.Upon arrival to the hotel, I suggest to do valet parking, as the Front Desk is literally right by the doors.  Otherwise, if you do self park, you have a long ways to walk as that hallway that connects from Bally's to Paris and the parking garage can be quite a challenge as it's usually full of people.The guestroom decor and furnishings are original; blue carpeting, floral-esque furniture and marble tile bathrooms.  Although the room is still clean and in good shape, it certainly cannot compete to that of the Aria, Cosmopolitan, Vdara, Bellagio, Wynn, Venetian, Palazzo or even Mandalay Bay.  But I must stress, you're not in Vegas to stay in the room, you just need a bed and shower when all is said and done, right?The Mandara Spa at Paris has also seen better days and honestly at this point, unless you're getting services or spa access comped, it's worth skipping.  Again, everything is in it's original state from when the hotel first opened and very run down.  You won't get that feel of luxury and bliss here.There are quite a few dining options located in the main lobby area of Paris, ranging from the buffet, to a couple sit down restaurants and a few casual spots for a quick bite or a drink.  I haven't been up to the Eifel Tower Restaurant or the other restaurants.  Actually now that I think of it, I've never been up their version of the Eifel Tower but, the view is significantly better from the Stratosphere.Gaming is pretty decent and you'll most always find your "favorite" slot machine as well as spots to play at a table.But most importantly, location.  Staying at Paris guarantees that you are in the center of LV Strip, the center of all the action!  You're within steps of all the major hotels and casinos.  Better yet, if you luck out and get a LV Strip, you have front row viewing of the Fountains of Bellagio show!  But again, don't stay in the room to watch that, get out there!So until I get get a steal of a deal or comped at one of the nicer hotels, I'd totally choose to stay at Paris.  Save your money for the fun not the fancy room, right?
3	Love the slots here. I always seem to come out ahead (or just slightly under). I also love the Parisian feel of the area, especially the buffet eating area that looks and feels like the courtyard of a small French village.
4	I'm a regular and it has always been a pleasure to stay here.  I'm also glad they've updated the room's decor to my favorite colors (red,black,white).   I love the Sugar Factory that recently opened up.   Thumbs ups to all the restaurants here.  Fabulous time in Vegas baby!!
2	Such shame once popular location became a dump so fast. Won't return even they offer free room.
4	No too over the top French country theme in the rooms and hallways.  The lobby, casino and shops ARE over the top -- two of the eiffel tower's feet extend into the lobby/casino! it's Vegas and that's ok.The buffet is pricey at times (brunch), cheaper at others (breakfast) but overall pretty good, there are also a couple fast food type places, including a quite good creperie. The shops are not standout, though the (very price) store full of Art Noveau glass and lamps is fun to browse.Staff is friendly and helpful. The concierge helpfully checked me into my flight and printed my itinerary for free when my iphone couldn't check me in. Very nice. (She could have easily directed me to the pay-as-you-go internet terminals nearby.)It's a great central location and a nice place to base your stay in Vegas.PLUS- nice big rooms- nice bathroom with shower, tub and plenty of counter space in bath- handy convenience store in elevator lobbyMINUS- no coffee/tea maker in room- no free wifi- no storage in the minifridge
2	Nice casino, they used to have a giant slot machine here a few years back but they've taken it out :( I've been up their 'eiffel tower', but then again I've also been up the real Eiffel so it can't compare. You can get 2 for 1 tickets during check-in. They just opened up a Gorden Ramsey Steakhouse May 2012, but I haven't gotten to try it yet. I stayed here several months back but wouldn't stay again, because I found something on the toilet seat..they obviously don't clean thoroughly enough, and I'm not sure what other things I will find if I stayed again. :/
1	I stayed Aug 21-23, 12 for a business trip.  On Aug 23 at 6AM, I was woken up by jack hammer noises.  I called the front desk and they transfered me over to a Dan(?).  Dan asked his staff over the radio whats going on and they said that their boss ok'd the jackhammering at any cost in the buffet area.  Then I overheard that other rooms were complaining.  Then Dan said he could not do anything and hung up the phone on me.  I called again and I assume I talked to Dan again and he transferred me over to the Hotel Manager's vm.  I left a vm stating the issue that the jackhammering is going on with my cell number.  I decided to call the front desk at 8AM to talk to another manager and they told me that all managers are at the 8AM meeting.  So I asked them to write my contact to have someone explain why they had to jack hammer at 6AM.  After 24hrs, I still have no contact from them.They have no customer service.  All they care is about taking my money.  If any management from Paris Hotel reads this, please contact me asap.
1	First time staying at Paris, we wanted to finally try it. We had high expectations that were not met :( Very outdated rooms, old fashion TVs, no iPod docks or even an adapter on the old clock radios. Charged for gym service! The only highlight was our lunch at the Effiel Tower restaurant , which we would go to again & recommend! Good thing we ended our four day stay in Vegas at Mandalay Bay! One of our favorite places in town!
2	I love everything about Paris except staying there.  The beds are worse than the beds were at Motel 6 in the 1970s.  The bedding is course, scratchy and thin.  The mattress is one of the least comfortable hotel beds I have ever slept in.Stay elsewhere but go enjoy Paris for the food and atmosphere.
5	What I like the most, is the Eiffel tower. It's been 8 years since I've been in France... Just shows how much I'm ready to go back. :)
5	First of all,  this review is based on a one night stay here in the Paris.  After a night of partying, I knew we couldn't drive home so we decided to crash the night at Paris at 2:30 in the morning.No one was in line and we got taken care of immediately, we got upgraded to a suite. (say whhatt?) Once we got to our room, the room was HUGE and the view was ALMOST spectacular. Once you enter, it has a decent sized living room area and the bed was very comfortable.  The next  room was for the bathroom and it was almost as big as the room itself. And near the bathroom it has another tiny office where you can place anything.  With all that being said, a night in the Paris Hotel & Casino with a suite upgrade for only $55 was definitely worth staying.
1	Working for a large company we met a goal and the company rented out the pool area and the Chateau night club to celebrate the goal. The customer service was horrible at the club. The only nice people were the bartenders around the pool not in the club. We left the exit of the club by the pool telling the bouncer we would be right back and he said as long as we had our wrist band and stamp we could get back in. We go to get back in and he would not let us. We had to go back around to the front main entrance and then trying to get back to the table where we got bottle service was a joke nobody in that club knew how to get to the table!! So we left the club and spent our money elsewhere.Then in the morning we go to leave and wait a while for our car from valet... there was one group ahead of us. We still waiting 20 min. Only to get into the car and see that the ipod touch that was hidden in the car was STOLEN!! Oh but the valet guy who stole it was nice enough to leave the case, as if we wouldn't notice the ipod was missing. The car was only in the valet lot and the ipod was in there when we left it. Yes we should have taken it but they valet guy should NOT have been going through our car and stealing our stuff. Called the hotel to complain and was told it never happens at the hotel and the head of security and head of valet would be calling me. I still have not received a call. Unfortunately for my company who paid over $40,000 for the party was not treated like we should have been. The money should have gone to a hotel that would have appreciated the $$ more then they did!
4	This is a solid 3.5 stars.  The hotel needs to be updated in some aspects; the parking lot has barely visible paint (which would make door dings much more possible), and the big tube tv needs to go.  The hotel staff is very friendly and our stay was pleasant.  The swimming pool is not really for the younger crowd, but it's definitely a family pool.              Also, don't use your room phone to make any local calls, it's a rip off.  Should have used my cell phone to call for the pool hours.
2	Eh. But I guess we deserve that because it was one of the cheaper hotels. The sheets are like sand paper. The carpet in the entire room was wet -- not sure why...Nothing special.
1	Are you kidding me! We were there and there was only one elegant server named Lacie, the rest should not be wearing swimsuits, made us lose our appetites looking at them. Not only low end looking women, but the slang and 'aw huh, thats what you want', excuse me, what happened to a proper speaking servers?  Also, we watched kids pee in the pool and no one did anything about it. Management needs to take off their sunglasses.
4	As a hotel and overall smashing customer service, this place has always been one of the best in Vegas; it rivals the Diamond Entrance at Caesars Palace. The only reason I starred it down is due to the slaughterhouse of a casino...I know, I know, they say "location has no prominence on gambling." Wrong. But thats my only gripe. The location is great in relation to the important points on the strip. The valet is easy to use and they park all cars in the shade. (Bonus) Gordon Ramsay Steak is here. If youre friendly and know how to ask... They will upgrade you.Use the back entrance off of Harmon behind the miracle mile shops for super exclusive no-running-over-pedestrian access. I love staying here, I don't love gaming here. The Calais suite is huge and they even give you a motorized tube television at the foot of your bed. One and 3/4 bathrooms and a foyer. Dining room and living room and a view of the Bellagio. I paid $.00 to upgrade to this room. Thats how the Paris treats me. Im currently in the red room on the 27th floor writing this review. My only advice, ask for am even numbered room. Then you will have the strip view.
4	Most reviews were spot on stayed there for 6 nights thru aug 31. The food prices were expensive but the food at the Sugar factory was fantastic.The room was nice and clean great view of the Pool. Very nic shower and liked the way the staff respected the do not disturb sign.Room was cleaned everyday in a timely manner. I will definitly stay their again.
3	As a hotel, it had much nicer rooms, buffet and so affordable than our usual hotel:) It is beautiful, clean and elegant.  However, I do have to give it only three stars simply because the hospitality staff was just not very interested in servicing us it seemed. It was our 20th wedding anniversary and we splurged a bit (for our price range).  We mentioned it to the check in staff  and they were so busy gossiping and talking about themselves to themselves, it was like we were interrupting THEIR conversation and they were on auto pilot ignoring us completely.  Not a great first impression. Then, when we signed up for the Total Rewards program, there was an error (which totally happens, we are all human) and when I went the next morning to redeem my promotional $10 because I had played there, the guy behind the counter could absolutely offer no solutions.  He was more interested in who screwed up then how to fix it and in the end, it left a very bad taste in my mouth.  I point blank asked him, "So there is no solution you can offer me here?"  Too be honest, I watch Hotel Impossible ALTO and I was mostly just curious on how he would respond because it is nice to give someone the opportunity to keep a customer, but he had no interest at all at finding an option and basically just walked away from us saying no, probably thinking we are not "Big Fish" and not worth the effort.  So after that, we just went to other casino's surrounding the hotel. Which, too be honest, were far superior and happy to see us lose our money there. lol  But at least we felt valued there enough to give it to them. Oh, and very FEW cocktail servers around the game machine.  So again, why bother.All in all, I loved the rooms, the buffet (get the Buffet of Buffet special if you go) and loved the look of the casino area and I will stay there again, but very likely, will just stay and go next store to gamble again.
4	I stayed at the Paris over the long Labor Day weekend and loved it! The rooms are clean and well thought out (loved the separate armoires), the service is superior, and the location is unbeatable. We arrived early (around 1pm) and were seamlessly checked in. The staff provided us extra hangers, by request, and our room was clean even when we took our time and got a late start in the day. Chateau night club was also fun to have at our door step as there were always happening events like P-Diddy hosting a party, etc. We ate at the Sugar Factory which was also in our hotel. (Great cupcakes) In a nutshell, the Paris has the iconic balloon and Eiffel Tower that I couldn't stop photographing as well as the ideal location on the strip. The Eiffel Tower restaurant is also top notch and a very romantic experience. I highly recommend this hotel. It's a perfect blend of value and luxury.
4	I always end up gambling too much here...by far the best casino service we have ever experienced.  The drinks just keep on coming, in a timely fashion--at least at the main tables and dollar+ slots.  The rooms are really good too...we stayed in a Penthouse suite, and it was everything you would hope it would be.  It was clean, spacious and the in-room jacuzzi tub (master bedroom) is always a great treat.  Their in house club (Chateu) is pretty cool too.  They have the new Gordon Ramses restaurant that my friends ate at (very pricey) as well, and the Candy spot right under it that always has people munchin on treats.  I have stayed here many times, and I will warn, that in some of the rooms...some things are dated:  ie the TVs, and upholstery of the furniture.  Overall a great place, enjoy!
4	Gorgeous hotel, just like the Venetian, with a feeling you are actually in Paris and outside.  Fantastic!   Great shopping and eating.  Next time, I would love to dine at the Eiffel Tower!   It is awesome how you enter the restaurant inside the hotel and the tower goes through the roof with dining at the top. I'm sure it's a great view.   My favorite shop inside is SHOOZ..... oh the gorgeous shoes!   And, of course, we dined at Ramsay's Steak restaurant which was an ultimate experience on its own.   The exterior is also fantastic for photography, my favorite hobby, hopefully future career :)  Downside again...... would be the smoky casino in the middle of the place.  Why can't they find private rooms for those activities???   Hmmmm, just not a fan of that habit.
3	I have stayed at the Paris twice now and have 2 different experiences.The first time, my parents were guests of Harrah and got us a room. Little did I know that we were upgraded to a suite (Jr suite, I think). This room was very nice.The next time we came back, we had a free stay voucher given to us as a present. What a big difference. This was the normal room. First off, we had reserved a room with a king bed, when we arrived, there were no king beds available. I asked what was the point of having a reservation then? The clerk replied that it was because of our "late check-in." It was 8 pm. Anyway, the bedding was obviously old, and really, all that needs to be said is and will illustrate the type of room it is...it was an old, non-flat screen TV. Seriously? Even La Quinta has flat screens in all their rooms.Anyway, the staff was hit and miss. Some really knew what they were tlaking about and others acted like it was their first day.I agree with whoever it was that said the food selection isnt that great here. Although, I will say, the crepes are pretty good.If you have time, check out the dueling piano bar. Very entertaining.So, I guess my recommendation would be...it depends on if youre getting a good deal or not. If it is a good price, then stay here, but we looked at adding a day (Sunday) to our gift stay and it was a little over $200 a night. We stayed at the 5 star Palazzo for less. And yes, Palazzo is my favorite...now that is a nice hotel.Room Tip: Shell out for an upgraded room or stay somewhere like Palazzo
1	What did I get myself into...Paris, France...more like Paris Texas. This hotel needs major renovations! The rooms are tiny. The ceilings in the bathroom and room were stained and cracked.  The plumbing needs to be fixed. Every time I turned on the faucet a stench would come out reeking of sewer. The tv in the room was from 1964. What hotel holds big box tvs anymore. Even the holiday inn have flat screens. There was loud music at night coming from the casino that we could hear from the 20th floor. When I called the front desk the receptionist advised the noise was coming from across the street and there was nothing they could do about it. Even though I would stand by the Window and could tell the sounds were coming from below. The receptionist even advised that she was getting calls from the 32nd floor in regards to the music noise. The receptionist did not seem to care that the music was being a disturbance. There was no security to check our room keys in the lobby area so basically anyone could access the elevators to the rooms in the hotel at night which is very dangerous. I've stayed at many hotels on the strip and usually there is security to check your room keys. This hotel was a huge disappointment. Major renovations are needed. This is not a 4 star hotel, far from it. I stayed at this hotel with my cousins for our annual family trip and will not be staying here ever again. I would not even recommend this hotel to an enemy. Your better off at circus circus. At least there would be no shock in what you get over there.
2	In my opinion this place is way overrated.  The shops and restaurants are mediocre at best.  For some reason being inside here reminds me so much of the New York New York which is also on the strip.   The rooms and service are ok but other than that there are so many other casinos on the strip that blow this place out of the water.  Skip this one and visit some of the better ones.
3	Paris is another one of the hotels in Vegas that is in the "Needs major updates and renovations".  It's about time.  It is getting to be a older hotel by comparison to the newer and sleaker ones, i.e. The Cosmopolitan.I stayed here back in 2007 and it was on the edge of needing updates.  The rooms were great and the decor was suitable to the theme of the hotel.  Fast forward to now when I've been in to gamble and the place looks the same...just older.Now the location of Paris is great on The Strip.  Front and center.Now the poor ventilation of the casino area is poor.  Smokey and smelly.  Go into casinos in hotels like The Bellagio and then come here and you will notice how the Paris needs to fix this issue first.If you do want an affordable hotel room in a great location then this is the perfect place for you.
1	Even the manager of the reservations line could not rectify not making my reservation properly. Why do you need to talk to them only to be patched thru to the restaurant which never picks up the phone? Then you lose the reservation time you wanted because it takes 4 more calls to get thru. Stupidity and no loyalty to locals. Maybe the Vegas economy would be better if this town knew the meaning of customer service and especially to their locals who might actually return regularly and make recommendations to people who visit here on where they should go. I certainly won't ever recommend the customer service skills of ANY Ceasars  property until they fix their service issues!
4	Great location and clean rooms.  I went on a family trip (rooms were comped) and enjoyed my stay. Casino is a nice size too. Bell service is fast and courteous. The pool is nice; although it could be open later, especially during summer hours and it could have a deep end. DJ comes out during the afternoon and plays great music. Food: Make sure you check in to Paris via foursquare because you'll get a $5 off coupon at Le Village Buffet. Overall the food was okay. The crepes were really good, as well as the desserts. Went to St. Louis Cafe and the food was decent. Overall great hotel to stay and is in the middle of The Strip close to everything!
3	Stayed here for a convention. It was ok. Nothing special to write about. The rooms were decently clean. Good location in the middle of pretty well everything. The pool was alright, no real themed area here.  It is Vegas, so the room is only for sleeping anyways. Not sure it is too good if you spend a lot of time at your hotel.
1	In case anyone from the hotel reads this, we were in room 1561.  Service, location on the strip and cleanliness were good. Beds were bad: two queen beds and they both felt like plywood under a sheet.  two thin sheets on top - no comforter or blanket, no pillowtop mattress, tiny thin hard pillows .... for $199 per night.   Food and drinks way overpriced in this hotel....a well drink was $14.  So, the value wasn't there and we won't go back because of that...there are too many other great places to stay.
1	POOL DRINKERS BE WARE!!!!  Okay, so I'm a glutton for punishment. Went back to the Paris Pool and my unattractive, over-weight, rude and seldom  seen waitress (I had to go find her several times; once she had her mouth full of food and couldn't speak) was appalled when I asked where my change was from paying for cash. She told me it was customary for the waitress to keep the change....WTH...with her service skills she should be paying them to let her work there.  Also, not too smart, I overheard her telling her co-worker when I went to find her AGAIN that she spit in my drink after I asked for my change back.  Now I know its not just their appearance that makes me ill but their DNA as well....
1	Paris Las Vegas is by the far the worst hotel one could stay in LV.  I made reservations 6 weeks ago for a Red Premier Room for a special occasion (also booked a room for my wife's parents flying in) on the site and called in to verify and everything was supposed to be set.  I didn't receive the room I reserved weeks in advance, my wife's parents didn't receive the room reserved and while escalating this at the front desk, this french speaking agent had the audacity to tell a Fortune Technology Executive that I didn't know how to use the computer and made the reservations wrong even though I had an iphone, ipad and my own wireless access point and showed her what I ordered on the website (Paris sucks even further and does not even give free Internet service to its guests unless you pay $12.95/24hours).  I should get a full refund of my T&E and immediate termination of the agent that angrily and publicly berated my technological skills.  You should never run a hotel with such piss poor customer service. Gary Loveman actually runs a place like this?
1	Just experienced the worst customer service at cafe belle madeline inside Paris Hotel in las vegas. Employee named Daisy has zero customer service training. I never complain but the way she treated me atrocious especially when she mistakenly though I cut into the line... a simple I'm sorry would suffice instead she lectures me and refuses to apologize. So busy telling me to queue in line even when I escalated to yelling (which I never do) she never heard me explain I had been standing in line the whole time
2	Very nice rooms the decore was appropriate for the them of the hotel ,rooms were clean and the decore in the hall way was beautiful, the parking not good and finding the front of the hotel was not easy, but what can one expect on the strip. Eating was great at the Sugar factory, but do'nt get up late you will find that there are not much of any restrants that serve brunch for those of us who rise late in the day. The early bird gets the good breakfeast not sleepers like me. Not much luck in the casino but i had no luck at any of the casinos this trip, i was on a 15 day tour, stayed at 5 hotels. The VIP service needs emprovment. I was not approached or advised of my comps. I had to go to the concierge to get what information i needed. The front desk sould of advised me of the services and comps i had. I critique fine dinning and hotels, I did eat at GORDON RAMSAY Steak, wounderful food and excellent service i was lucky to get the two best people in the very nice restaurant, Michelle and Joye excellent service, i talked to the manager Jenn Hughes and told her how pleased i was with the service. What ever you do do'nt call for reservations this place is booked up and the phone service is horrible the phone service is not related to the reasturant .
4	Perfect place to stay on a medium budget. The rooms are nice and never all that expensive, and the location is great.I have to admit to being a sucker for the design of the place as well. The Eiffel Tower recreation is impressive, but nothing else feels strictly "authentic." That's fine, as I'm a huge fan of the Disneyland design aesthetic going on in the resort. The blue sky colored ceiling, the fake cobblestone walkways winding through faux villages... it's all very fun and charming.The pool is large and relaxing as well, and sits at one of the feet of the Eiffel Tower. Their restaurant collection is decent as well, with one of the better buffets in town and a fun and tasty French-themed burger joint/ sports bar.A great place to stay with a perfect location if you don't want to blow a ton of money on a luxury hotel, especially since its mid-Strip location is hard to beat.
3	Yes, the location is great. But this place is dated. If our get players clu, it can steal a great rate---$100/night for a Friday and Saturday night.We didn't gamble here, and he sports book is it the best. Go across the Street to Aria or Caesars.  And the clientele is pedestrian at best.No longer glitzy or glamorous, it's still a comfortable nights's stay
3	Our first visit to Paris Las Vegas as a room guest.  We'd been though the place before when staying at Bally's, but never had a room there, until now.  We were pleasantly surprised with our room (room 2039).  Small but well appointed, clean and easy to get to from the elevators.  I don't care for all the French theme truthfully, but that is the theme of this joint, so I coped as best I could.  We enjoyed the pool here too.  Nothing too fancy though, which is fine with me.  We'd stay here again, but probably won't unless it's comped.  We aren't strip people.....prefer off strip or downtown.  It was a good stay though, and I'd recommend it to anyone.
4	We didn't stay here and we didn't gamble, but we had a good time nonetheless. We rode to the top of the Eiffel Tower (which cost about $12 a person). The view turned out to be fantastic. Paris is right in the middle of the Strip, so the Eiffel Tower is a great place to get oriented, and to watch the Bellagio fountains from above. The staff were extremely cute and helpful.We also wandered around the casino, and found it to be charming and decently quiet (both a rarity in Vegas!). Check it out if you've been to the real Paris--you'll enjoy the knock-off art nouveau features.
3	I guess for $100 a night on a weeknight it wasn't bad and the location is great!  The pool is large and nice with the Eiffel tower overlooking th pool but no shade at this pool and no umbrellas!   You have to follow the sun to try and find a sliver of shade.  The rooms are nice but my girlfriend and I didn't want two queen beds but they didn't offer a king bed at that rate.  Bathroom is nice but shower was weak.  The casino is smoky and very pedestrian.  Not a classy hotel at all.PS. There is a crepe stand in the hotel that makes unbelievable creeps for $11 each.  All kinds.  Weate there four times in three days.
3	PARIS meets Las Vegas!I remember when Paris Las Vegas opened back in 1999 as part of the Las Vegas building boom after the Bellagio opened and the hotel use to be upscale just like the Venetian with its fake Parisian city streets, French restaurants and street performers but sadly this hotel is starting age just like Planet Hollywood and Luxor unless Harrah's does a major overhaul with the rooms and interior details like room renovations, repainting lobby and other public areas. The room I stayed in was comped meaning deluxe or basic was just ordinary the old 90's tube TV, peeling wall paper and paint in the room and bathroom, old carpet and outdated furniture, unless you want to upgrade to a Red Room (Higher floor room with updated furniture). But who stay's in their room to watch TV when you can do that at home. All you need are the basic necessities in the room, a clean bed, room and working bathroom and I must admit I just stay in the room about 4 -5 hours a day just to sleep and maybe watch some news on TV but then after that, I'm out and about. A good plus is that it's connected to Bally's so if I want to get away from the 100 + Vegas heat, I can just walk through Bally's and into Paris without walking outside.The pool is just bland with a round shape with a good amount of trees for shade and relaxation from the desert sun and feels good when the breeze hits you while enjoying your tan. The Eiffel Tower is just right above the pool so that give you a lot of photo ops and you have a nice view of Planet Hollywood on your left side, Bellagio just north of you and some times you can hear the fountains playing with Andrea Bocelli singing in the background giving you some of that Vegas feel and west of the pool is the North Tower at Ballys. What I dislike about this pool is the music system because they use to have a surround sound system around the pool area but now they have a DJ that plays horrible music (Top 40's, and some classic pop) but probably stopped using the surround sound due to cut backs just like the street performers in the fake city streets in the lobby.This resort is more like an average type of resort but to Harrah's it's one of there top tier hotels just like Caesars and Planet Hollywood but even Planet Hollywood is starting to show it's age. The central location is perfect but the hotel price is a bit too much for the type of quality you'd get at other 4 star Vegas strip hotels like The Mirage, Treasure Island, New York New York and Mandalay Bay. Minus one star for no complimentary Wifi and another minus another star for the outdated room. I would stay here again if the room was comped, the rate is decent and for the central location.
4	I usually stick to the Mirage, but my buddy and I decided to try somewhere new. I went in expecting to dislike the rooms (having already decided, on previous visits, that the common areas were only ok), but was pleasantly surprised. Lets break it down:Check In: Friday at 5:30pm and it was surprisingly quick and very efficient, with some friendly thrown in too.Rooms: We ended up in a Premium Guest Room (second up from the cheapest), and it was well appointed and of good size. Our room had a mini fridge which was great, though I am not sure if all rooms have them. Beds were comfy. TV was large and of good quality. Plenty of storage space. The bathroom was very large with a nice vanity and separate tub/shower. The shower was great - large, nice and with good water pressure. Housekeeping was very good. Wifi was approximately $14/day should you need it.Elevators: One thing I've noticed is how bad some elevators can be. There was never a wait for Paris. They are set up perfectly and whisk you away quickly, to or from your room. Location: Perfect. Across from Bellagio in the middle of the Strip, you've got Wynn as a 20 minute walk north, and NY NY the same south (with crowds). Casino: Average. It has all your basics, and employees are friendly enough, but nothing here is really all that special. Sports Book: A bit small, but still decent. Could use some more TVs though. Staff are the friendliest on the Strip in my book. Food: Paris really, really lacks here. You basically have French, Italian or buffet...that's it. Selection wise, this is probably the worst on the Strip. At least other places have variety.So, I stick to the opinion that Paris has mediocre common areas. However, rooms and service here were both very good, on top of the ideal location, so I wouldn't hesitate to return.
4	Great Hotel when you get a good rate. Showing a little age but still a great place.
1	First impression hotel from the outside looks great! Lobby kept up my expectations. Gladly surprised. Until I waked into the room. I felt as though I walked into my 90 year old grandparents house. The smell, the look, and the furniture are awful. The furniture is outdated. The mattress is flat and feels like its 15 years old. So I called down stairs asking for an upgrade, completely willing to pay. The first person Brian I spoke to was rude and unhelpful. So I asked for a manager. I was transferred to Selene who was even worse than Brian. Her snooty tone and unprofessionalism was mind blowing. The customer service at this hotel is awful. I would not recommend staying at this hotel. And I will not be returning.
4	Great location on the strip and not all that pricey for what you get. I paid $140 a night for a room with a king bed with a huge window overlooking the strip. Not bad. However, The Paris does have some bad points. The buffet here was not very good at all, and the walk from our room to get outside took forever!!  Other than those two things I liked our stay here.
1	This was my 7th time to Vegas and first time staying at the Paris. It will also be my last.... The service and the rooms are absolutely terrible!We arrived around 11:30 am on a Weds. We knew it may be too early to check in but most hotels on the strip allow early check ins around noon. So we decided to give it a shot when we arrived. After waiting in line for nearly 20 mins (when there was only 4 people in front of us) we finally got to up to the counter. We gave our name and confirmation number and to our dismay the nice lady told us we only had reservations for one night instead of the four we booked and our name wasn't on any of the four rooms reserved for my wife's company. PLUS, there's now a $25 early check in fee!!! Our jaws dropped... We had to wait two hours for the wife's boss to arrive so he could sort out the confusion. AFTER all that was finally figured out, the nice lady proceeded to tell us that our rooms weren't ready. This being at 3:30 when regular check-in time usually is... She told us to come back after an hour to see. Needless to say an hour later (4:30 for those who can't keep track) and they still weren't. So the nice lady (sarcasm if you can't tell) personally disappeared for another 15 mins to go yell at the cleaning crew herself. A half hour later, the rooms were finally ready. We had dinner reservations with a client at 6... That left us barely an hour to get ready. Luckily we were meeting downstairs at Mon Ami Gabi. After all our hassle, the nice lady never once apologized, nor offered anything to us for all of the trouble we had checking in.Now... the rooms, ugh. We walked in and I felt like I was teleported back to Chicago where I was walking into my Grandmother's living room. Everything was dated, the old lamps on the walls were crooked, the small living area couch looked like it was from 1935. I even thought I caught a whiff of mothballs at one point. The TV was in the "living area" and was hard to see from where the bed was. There was no closet in the room at all. The old spring mattress felt like 1" thick plywood with some sheets and a comforter on top. The pillows were tiny and it was a complete nightmare to sleep. The bathroom featured a single sink, toilet, separate bathtub, and a stand alone shower.... That was about the size of the bathroom on our Southwest plane. Rushing, the wife and I turned the shower on expecting hot water to flow within a min or two. Literally 15 mins later we finally had hot water. We crammed into the shower with only 40 mins to be downstairs. The wife usually takes about 1.5 hours to get ready, so she's not happy at this point. We barely made our dinner reservations with our important client. When we were finally ready to leave, we had the bell hop take our bags so we could walk around for a little while longer before our shuttle arrived. He handed me our ticket to hold our bags and actually stood there with his hand out waiting for a tip. I was shocked, then after finally giving him a couple bucks he just turned and walked away without saying anything. I've stayed at MGM, Monte Carlo, Mirage (x2), Venetian, and TI... This by far was the worst experience I've ever had at a hotel on the strip. Pick any other hotel but this one, it's not as glamorous as it seems from the outside.
1	HORRIBLE customer service at the front desk by Youngmi. Let her name be known. YOUNGMI. I came here for work to attend the MINExpo at the Convention Center and was having trouble checking in because my name on my DL (my legal name) didn't match the name that the room was under (my nickname).She was completely rude and condescending. She told me that her manager told her to call the lady organizing the MINExpo to verify that my name is indeed such and such.I have no idea what the organizers of the MINExpo have anything to do with verifying my legal name. And I'm pretty sure it is not one "lady" organizing an event of this size -- 1,800 exhibitors and 45,000 attendees and you think one lady is going to have my name on a list?She told me that she called the lady at the MINExpo and she was out to lunch. It's 2pm. Really? She's out to lunch? Had she been smart, she would have said I need to call the government to verify your name. Oh, I'm sorry the whole government is out to lunch.I asked her, "Why do you need to call the lady organizing the MINExpo to verify my name?" and she says, "You don't understand what I'm saying?" NO I don't understand what you are saying because your excuse to not check me in makes absolutely no sense.I asked her for the hotel number and this is the number she gave me 712-946-7000. She watched me write down the number and she looked at the paper when I asked her "Is this the number" and she nodded saying yes. Come on now this isn't a misunderstanding! Youngmi is giving me completely INCORRECT information for the hotel!!! The Paris Hotel wouldn't be so bad if it weren't for a shitty employee named YOUNGMI.  So Youngmi tells me because the lady at the MINExpo is out to lunch its going to take awhile to verify me name and she adds, "I highly suggest you check in your baggage and come back in a couple of hours."Instead, I decided to stand there and make the situation awkward by lingering in front of her and made a mental note of her name YOUNGMI for writing reviews like this.   Anyway the lady that helped me check-in once the name on the hotel reservation was changed, was completely polite and courteous. Until they decide to fire Youngmi I wouldn't recommend booking a room at the Paris Hotel.
2	What better way to experience a part of Paris in Vegas style? From the Eiffel Tower to the gondola's from the outside to the inside of this resort. The exquisite detailed design of the hotel is breathtaking.Once walking inside, you notice that it feels like you are still outside from the beautiful clouds drawn on the ceiling. Yes, I might add that some of the designs were out of the ordinary...but design wise was ok indoors. (Prefer looking at the outside though).  Gambling here wasn't very lucky...more losses instead of wins. So I would suggest not to gamble here...Bad luck! Complementary rooms sounds nice right? We received a room for two queen sized beds...but they did offer an upgrade for $60 for a king size. No thanks. (Wouldn't want to pay for resort fees). Once we walked inside our room, the view was not that great...you can only see Planet Hollywood, Aria and Cosmopolitan. The air conditioning wasn't too great...had to set it a few times for it to work properly. There was a flat plasma television bolted to the wall so this was pretty nice...glad they updated. The dresser was a bit too big for the room...kind of felt cramped; however, there was a his and hers closet. The refrigerator/freezer took awhile to cool...almost 24 hours to freeze...The restroom was pretty big with a shower and a tub. The toilet was not bolted on correctly. The sink was nice and big, but would have liked two sinks...it's big enough to fit two. I hated the fact that the mirror to check yourself out was behind the restroom door...should be in the room...I know there is a mirror in the center of the room, but you can only see half your body.So I had to save the best for last...the beds...Yes, I have to admit that these beds were comfortable. Although, they felt sticky...so I'm guessing it was leftover detergent residue. The sheets were all inside out or placed incorrectly. I had to use a towel on my pillow just so I wouldn't get residue or any bacteria on my face...Overall, I didn't really like Paris much...especially staying here. However, I'm glad that this was complimentary because I definitely would have asked for a refund. I would not recommend staying here even for gambling. Just remember the outside...take pictures and move on to the next resort.
5	Talk about amazing...I not only got a great rate, the the view was just amazing, overlooking the water show from the Bellagio from the 26th floor. I'm amazed that these rooms ate actually more affordable than the basic road motels. My only issue was that I couldn't park my van, with the Yakima carrier in their parking lot, because of the low 7'0" clearance. I had to walk nearly a mile, to their oversized lot. Boo!
1	Aweful experience.  The weekend was supposed to be a 50th birthday for a friend and turned into an unfulfilling experience.  It all began at valet, attempting to get parked after a long 4 hour drive.  The valet, whose name I cannot remember but description I can, was tall, goofy, white guy with austin powers teeth, began by telling me the the valet was full, only room for hotel guests.  I said, oh, were guests and he asked for our key...we hadn't checked in yet.  This master interrogator then told my wife and I that our stories did not match-up and he would not be taking our car...I was fuming!  I told him to move a cone and parked my car in self-park and literally ran to the valet manager.  She was nice, tried to be helpful, but only offered to park our car in VIP, where that ass would have access to it, I told her thanks but no thanks, I'll walk.  I then went to check-in and complained, hoping to get a better resolution.  That manager was nice, took my information and said he would call when he reached his boss to tell her the story...never heard a thing...I really feel like I was kicked in the balls, everybody laughed and nothing was done to the offender, and that was only at check-in!  A list of other things wrong with this hotel you say?  Well lets start with rude staff, espcially ther waiters, the hotel looks grungy inside, the room looked like a mess!  The lamp shades looked like they were cleaned in dirt, the shower took 15 minutes to warm up from the frigid north, the bed was like sleeping on a rock and actually a rock may have been softer, a housekeeper walked into our room after one knock and saw my wife naked!  The bottom line is that this hotel is God aweful on customer service and cleanliness, I could have stayed in downtown for half the price and gotten treated like a king.  The Paris and it's affiliates will never see me, my friends or family again, nor any of the money we come to spend.  Thanks for an aweful experience.
1	i usually do not take the time to do this, so please hear me out to make a different hotel choice!  rude is the word of the weekend...from the waitors to the vallet to the house keeping. so extremely let down..i was looking forward to staying at "the paris" ..the room was dirty (stains), out dated (no ipod plug in), chipped up bath tub. i have stayed at nicer hotels in downtown... btw...make sure when someone knocks on the door you run to the door fast, house keeping will open the door and find you naked!!! will never ever stay here again!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	Very nice place and it has a very old school, but still modern feeling. Went there to eat at a restaurant and walked through the casino. Plenty of free parking and pretty easy to access the hotel and casino from the parking. Sometimes that can be tricky and confusing with some hotels.
2	My fifth visit to Paris and for the first time I was a little disappointed.  Although the staff was as friendly and as courteous as ever, I did not appreciate being charged an early arrival fee (especially since I had paid a premium fee for my second night -- apparently there was a convention booked.) I had two meals at Ile St Louis, the sidewalk cafe-style restaurant, and was disappointed with both.  Though the duck was advertized on the menu as being accompanied by "rosemary polenta", rather a treat, at least to me, it arrived with mashed potatoes and a half-assed apology from the waiter.  Undaunted, the next morning I ordered the Eggs Benedict, but they were unbelievably salty, almost inedible.  (On my third morning I walked up to the Venetian for breakfast.)  I am also irritated that the "smoking rooms" are all on the fourth floor, with no possible chance of a view of anything.  Smokers are NOT second class citizens and should NOT be treated as such!  If things have not improved, after my next visit I will find a different hotel in which to stay.     But I will miss the ambience of "Paris".  I do like the Casino which is large enough to make one feel like one is "on the Strip", but small enough so you don't need a cell phone to find your traveling companion.  The entrances are convenient,  the location is superb, and the staff is congenial if, in some cases, not particularly helpful.  I will HATE having to find a new favorite place to stay in Las Vegas, but find one I most definitely will.
4	I booked Paris because I received comp room and I couldn't resist, so I booked it right away. The entrance is always full of people crossing but so is Bellagio and Mirage, the valet area was taking forever to park my car but that was no biggie. Checking in took  20 minutes but the front desk woman was very friendly checking me in and told me the pool was open 24 / 7 but I should be cautious because of no lifeguards being on duty. That was a plus for the pool being open 24 / 7 but the weather was too cold to go night swimming. Casino wasn't as stuffy and was pretty clean to me. My room was very clean and updated with the flat screen TV and the mini fridge was a huge plus, so no need to bring coolers to Paris unless you have lots of food and drink to bring. It beats going back and forth for ice. The room was clean and has a French contemporary design and is not to shabby for a basic comp room and your hardly in your room unless you're here for work and no play.  :oI request a non smoking king bed with a strip view but they they only had 2 queen so I opted for that. I do like looking at the view from my room to relax and enjoy the scenery but it was nice to get what I requested despite checking in late. I would come back and stay here again if it was comp and a deep discount. Even though they don't have wifi, the internet on my smart phone still works so yay for me. =)
3	I've enjoyed the few hours I spent in this casino over the years, so I decided it was time to give it a full go.Check-in was fast, partly because I got there extremely early (before 11am), and I was willing to pay the $28 early check-in fee (I wanted a nap).  The room was nice without being extravagant - king bed with plenty of pillows, separate shower and tub.  The towers lead out to different directions from the elevators, meaning no navigating directions to get to your room.I found a few places I liked to eat - Boulangerie for their smoked salmon sandwich, Mon Bon Ami for breakfast, Gordon Ramsey's for their beer and appetizers - but that was about it - there isn't a large variety here.  As far as gaming, I found myself going to the same machines and tables - I'd definitely play poker elsewhere.  Same goes for the clubs and bars.It was nice, but nothing that made me want to immediately go back.
1	I just checked into Paris. I reserved the Red Room Premier . I was excited from what I read on the Paris website. When I opened the door to my room I was greatly disappointed. The room is old, stained, small, and fails to even remotely resemble what was advertised on the website. I complained to the front desk and was told I had gotten the correct room and not all of the Red Room Premiers resemble the one on the website. They advertised these rooms were newly or recently renovated. I asked the how long ago the renovation took place and I was told 6 years ago. This place is a dump. Save yourself the trouble and go across the street to the Bellagio or to Cesar's .
1	The event we were in town for started at 7:00pm,left the hotel at 6:15pm was in traffic on the strip for about 25mins.made my left turn in front of the Paris Hotel in the line for self parking 20mins.looking for a parking space 15mins.another 10mins.from the parking lot to the event,I learn a big lesson( monorail or cab )
5	This is strictly for their Casino and Eiffel Tower ride. I always won some money when I went here. I won about $200 playing the bar slot the last time. I got 2 tickets to the Eiffel Tower ride for $16 (2 adults). This place is awesome, very Parisian French feel. I recommend the Mall/Shop walk in the back, too. Yay, I'm a fan of the Paris Las Vegas.
4	In the past, I felt that Paris was dark, old and smoky, but that is absolutely not the experience I had when I stayed there most recently; I think they have cleaned up their act. The staff is friendly too. When I checked in, I told them it was my birthday and they upgraded us from a standard room to the Imperial Suite, which was quite large and had a great view. It had two beds, a living room, bar area, two bathrooms, jacuzzi and big marble entryway. Needless to say I was very happy with the front desk for offering this to me at no additional charge. Paris is not on the level of Caesars, The Bellagio, The Wynn, etc. I would consider it a tier two hotel for the strip, but definitely worth checking out if some of the higher-end options are unavailable or too pricy.
5	For price and location, this hotel is one of the best values on the Strip, especially during the off-season. And NO resort fee. I paid $72/nt (and have seen rooms as low as $60/nt) and had a very modern, nicely furnished room on an upper floor. The location is central to everything you'll want to see on the Strip, making walking easier. Driving to the hotel (exit Flamingo off of I-15) and parking is pretty easy too. Thankfully you don't have to walk too far from the parking garage to get to your room and you can skirt the casino pretty easily if you're traveling with kids. Restaurants, including Mon Ami Gabi and the Sugar Factory, are good too and several, cheaper options are available in the shopping/dining area between the casino and garage and in the Planet Hollywood complex right next door. Ask for a "Red Room" (or upgrade to a suite) for one of their more recently renovated rooms.
3	Spent time in the Paris getting lunch and hanging out!!  It was nice!  Smoky ,but nice!!
1	First time I ever stayed at the Paris. I will NEVER stay there again. Here's a quick run down: I had two roach experiences here. 1) at a restaurant (review is on here) and 2) in my parent's bed. My dad was sitting on the side and my mom threw the blanket over to make it and a roach crawled out. We thought we killed it, put it in a plastic bag and marched down to the front office. The lady, with no tact, proceeded to ask where we were from (my parents are from NY) and she asked us if we have these there (WTF?). Then she rips its head off in front of us, says its still moving and takes it in the back. She also tells us "I don't think this is a roach" which leads me to believe we now have some mutant bug. Gross. While my parents got an upgrade to a suite (whoopy do, for 1 night) we were all generally skeeved. Also throughout the hotel are cracks and holes in the hallway walls. The casino games are not very fun, and the minimum bets are way too high for this place. Ceasar was cheaper at some times and that's just crazy. I will say this, I played blackjack with my brother where the scantily clad ladies dance. Our dealer was a chick named Missy and she was amazing. Someone give her a raise. She was very talkative and fun. Finally - the best part of this hotel is Mon Ami Gabi. I'll write a separate review for that but the service and food are excellent.
3	I was impressed with Paris, though I wasn't surprised by anything. In order to get the full experience for the hotel we were staying at, we spent a fair amount of time walking around and partaking in all of the things it had to offer. The view from the top of the "Eiffel Tower" was lovely, and a great way to start our night at Paris. We ate at the steakhouse in the corner of the Casino, seated outdoor with views of the Bellagio fountains. Delightful drinks, great food. Another check!We walked around the casino floor. Nothing to write Yelp about. The room could have been transplanted from a Comfort Inn or Holiday Inn or something, and I wouldn't have known the difference. Granted, I didn't splurge for the nicest room, but didn't settle for the cheapest view. My middle of the road room was slightly below expectations, but maybe my expectations were too high. This isn't the newest, most modern hotel, and it suffered from some of Las Vegas' history. The room was a little smokey even though it was non-smoking, and looked well-worn. But the bed was comfortable, and after countless hours walking the strip and casino floors, that's really all that matters. I would come back again with a great deal, but otherwise, try something else for the modern Vegas experience.
3	Hotel Decor/Lobby/Eateries/Ambiance = 5/5Hotel Room/Cleanliness=2/5.The hotel itself is lovely. Glittering chandeliers, boisterous crowds, general amicability from the staff (April at the front desk is a 6/5), all of it lends itself to the positive hum not only of gay Paree but also buzzin' Las Vegas. BUT!Staying at Paris was like the cursed, gradual decline of a bad relationship. Everything is platinum when you walk in, but then disappointment takes hold when you see your girlfriend without makeup for the first time (i.e. when you finally get a look at the coupon booklet you paid extra for that, turns out, is NOT worth the additional money). Then you find out she's a sloppy drunk (or when you are told no, there are no king-sized beds left, even though that is what you specifically booked. Are you happy with the two queens, ma'am?). And finally, you realize you've both gained fifteen pounds, she lost her job, and you've picked up smoking ( the room is dingy, the shower water reeks of rotten eggs -thanks, sulfur- and the tiny shampoo and conditioner are Not. Even. Worth. Stealing).Darn you, Paris!But....we were hardly in the room, so if you can get a deal, I'd recommend it. For the lobby. And for April. Use the coupon booklet for the buy one, get one and go see Jubilee at Bally's, and take your picture in front of the Eiffel Tower.Enjoy!
4	I love Paris: City and Hotel.Love the french lessons in the bathrooms, the casino decor, being under the eiffel tower and seeing the legs by the slot machines. People are friendly, drinks are flowing.Rooms are nice, I've stayed here two times so far. The pool is big, yet simple. Not your crazy party scene, but it is what you make it.Conveniently connected to Bally's which is also how you can hop on the monorail
2	ROOM: 1/5Beds: Lumpy and loud. It sort of felt like we were sleeping on dry rice balls instead of the plush mattress we were expecting.Cleanliness: Pretty filthy. Dust on and under every surface, dark stains splattered across the carpet, more stains on the drapes... ugh. A nightmare.Decor: Horribly outdated. I'm sure it would have looked very spiffy in the '60s, but it's way past time for a remodel. True Paris hotels haven't looked like this in decades.Bathroom: In a word: uncomfortable. It was small, it smelled nasty, and the water pressure was awful.CASINO: 2/5Atmosphere: Fun, but it's incredibly crowded, all the time. Breathing room? Forget about it. Even if you can afford the tables, you'll have little luck finding an empty spot to squeeze into.Decor: Colorful and fun. The Eiffel Tower ride is a wonderful way to get some decent snapshots of the Strip.Machines: They're missing most of the newest machines (Blackjack, Poker). This is very disappointing. If all you care about is playing the cheap slots, though, then you may not mind as much.Tables: They're very short on tables, and what tables they do have are always overpriced -- $25 is a typical minimum for most nights.FOOD: 4/5Paris sports one of the best buffets in Vegas, and the little cafes and eateries are wonderful. It's rather limited in the way of hearty dinner options, though -- this place is mostly big on breakfast.FINAL NOTESThe rooms are awful; I will never, ever stay here again. I also never bother gambling here because of the table prices and the crowds. The buffet, however, is definitely worth braving said crowds.
1	Rooms are very blah.  Water pressure stinks.  Wireless internet is $15 per 24 hours.  Really?  For a three-day stay, that's how much I pay for an entire month at home.Also, every staff member I ran into was discourteous.  Any concern brought to their attention was an ordeal.The people who are suggesting you walk around and leave are correct.  No reason to stay here.  Skip it.
2	kind of sad this was a top hotel but now it is old and worn out like most to the total rewards hotels.  Rooms need to be upgraded
5	Got a great price in advance for a Red Premier room on the top floors with a fabulous strip view, pool, Eiffel Tower, Paris Balloon, and all.  My boyfriend and I spent a couple days in Planet Hollywood and a couple days in Paris just to get a couple different vibes and hotel experiences - and we ADORE Paris.  We're in our mid and late 20s, and many have said this is more of a place for elderly folks to stay, but we sure enjoyed it much more than Planet Hollywood.The room was a little on the small side, but I loved the decor.  The different patterns and materials never clashed.  Just watching the Bellagio fountain shows over and over and over from our windows on the adorable, cozy sofa was enjoyable enough to make the choice worth it.  The restaurants were great and I enjoyed everyone we encountered that did us even the smallest service.  Vallet, front desk, bellman -  everyone was funny and kind, which is a great, relaxing contrast compared to how overly and unnecessarily rude and brute a lot of workers for taxi lines and clubs in Las Vegas are.  That shit gets old REALLY fast and it's great to go to a peaceful, welcoming, romantic and cheesy spot that's also a big part of Vegas' allure.
3	Stayed there for a week long conference. prices at their bar downstairs are ridiculously expensive. Hotel overall seemed kind of run down and dirty. Service was ok. I'd rather stay at the Bellagio.
2	I have to say right when we got there it started off bad. So when we were asked if we like help with our bags we said YES well needless to say we got no help with them at all. Then we got all checked in. Well We had no hot water at all... i mean none... So the first night i was thinking ok maybe it will be fixed well the  night 2 still no hot water at all again when we called the front desk some one was sent up.  he could not do anything about it. well he told them we needed a room change. So later on around 945 we got a call saying if we really wanted to be moved to call but they really didnt have anything tell the next day. So come the next day we got the run around. telling us we needed to get out bag and bring them down to changes room but we would not have a room tell 1 and if we are not back by 6 we mite not have a room.... WTF dose that mean? Then the bell boy asked what happened and was like i don think they told u that!!! WTF i could not make that up if i want to. Needless to say ho one was nice no one was helpful the one nice people where the 3 young men working the bar closer to the lobby and the guy who came to try to fix our water issue. but other then that every one was rude! I don't think i will go back here again
4	Great hotel and came here Dec 11-14, 2012. I had a good deal for a premier red room on the 30th floor with a view of the water fountains on the other side of the road.  The red rooms are their newest renovated rooms on the top floors of the hotel. The room was very large with king size bed. It is true what others say about the other rooms on the lower floors. They are older and not very nice looking. The hotel should renovate them.  The interior of the common areas is looking a bit dated. There is a good theatre in the hotel and good restaurants. Gordon Ramsay Steak is a good choice but is pricey.  If you come here, take the ride up the half size replica Eiffel tower.  The location is very central.
4	By far this is one of my favorite hotels to stay in while in Las Vegas. You can actually get caught up in the theme of being in Paris and think you're in Paris. I guess that's the whole idea?  I am not some kind of hotel snob, but I do want to have a clean place to rest my head and because we have two daughters, they tend to be very needy. The guest services were very helpful and when a request was made, they met all of our needs in a timely manner. The rooms were well kept, felt fresh and clean and we couldn't ask for a better view! A view that offered the Eiffel Tower and an amazing view of the strip, that also included the Bellagio and it's beautiful dancing fountains. The staff were all very charming and helpful in every aspect imaginable. The bar "Le Central" offered some very good Martini's and Mojitos. The hotel is relatively centrally located to everything, from shopping to dining and other entertainment venues. I am already planning another trip later on this year to take my daughters to see the Cirque Du Soleil, The Beatles "LOVE" show...so I think that the Paris Hotel will most certainly be on my list of hotel to return to.
3	Pretty nice for a moderately-priced Vegas hotel.  Location was excellent and the casino in the lobby was a lot of fun.The towels could have been a bit nicer quality for Vegas but overall, the room was nice and clean.  The hallways and common areas could use a little maintenance -- some chips on the wall and peeling wallpaper -- but inside the room, it was fine.We booked this hotel because it's one of the few that doesn't charge a ridiculous "resort fee" on top of the room rate.  Internet was $12/day though so I recommend skipping that.
3	Pros: Location is center strip, close to everything. PH next door, Bellagio across the street. There's a new Walgreens at the corner of The Strip/Harmon in case you need anything.Clean, spacious basic room w/big chair, sofa, coffee table and a desk. Clean, spacious bathroom with separate tub and showerCons:Bed isn't great- you can feel the springsFlat screen TV is to the left of the bed, so you'd have to watch it from your oh so quaint French styled couch-lol- not a big deal, but oddIf you self park, prepare for a trek to registration all the way at the front of the hotel.got a great deal through signing up for their emails and Cyber Monday;would return again
4	Pro: Very nice interior design, great view of the water music fountain. Great location in the center of the strip. Cons: Too many people (on Christmas weekend). Smoke in the Casino. Overall would consider staying again for the location and price.
3	Stayed over Christmas in a "Red Room" on floor 29, which looked remodeled and had some nice features like a mini-fridge and coffee-maker (a rarity in vegas) and 42 inch flat screen TV.  The view was nice, of the mountains.  The bed was comfortable and room quiet.  I love the location of the Paris- just a few minutes walk away is the Planet Hollywood/Miracle Mile mall and Ballys is accessible via a short tunnel from Paris.  The faux-Paris design is nice if feeling a bit dated but worth checking out.  The service at Paris was excellent- the staff was friendly, helpful, and accommodating.I'm not crazy about the casino, however, I found it cramped and crowded with few modern games.  I also found it impossible to get a free drink here even after sitting at a slot for over an hour. The restaurants were expensive and crowded, so I recommend walking through the tunnel and spend some time at Ballys.  The casino there is much larger and varied, and restaurants not as crowded.  A tip- hit "Nosh" which is near the casino front corner and open until 1am for a quick snack.  The pizza place at Paris had about 20 people in line but Nosh was quick.  I also enjoyed a good breakfast at the mexican restaurant at the back.  There's a lounge near the back which usually has some entertainment going on in the evening.
1	charged for everything. Don't stay in this hotel. They don't have toothbrush. Really? They charged for bottle opener request. You have to call more than 3times for housekeeping. Room service was worst ever!!! I won't never stay in this hotel in my life. Sooooo ridiculous!!!! Paris Sux!!!
2	Here is the quick and dirty. This place is fine, not great. The room and bathroom were very nice. We stayed on the 22nd floor. The prices are also pretty good, we stayed over New Years and they had some of the best prices for their location.  The location was really good too...it is in the center of everything. Downsides, we self-parked and to get to registration and the elevators you have to lug your bags EVERYWHERE! Everything is VERY spread out! Pack light if you can. They didn't give us room keys that were programed correctly too! Which ment that it was a 15 min hike back to the lobby to fix the keys...thank goodness there was this nice man on our floor that worked their and called security to have them let us in.  Security was super professional, friendly and nice to us. We actually didn't spend any time in the hotel at all, I wasn't a fan of the casino. With everything being so spread out you didn't get the feel of being welcome and held in. We ended up going over to the Bellagio and Planet Hollywood for food and fun. They also charge you for internet, but that isn't that uncommon and it was pretty reasonably priced. We did get charged for signing up two different laptops in the same 24 hr period, but it was only $15 each. Overall, the price is right and the location is key so I'd stay again.
3	We didn't stay here but we did walk through a couple times, we really like the ambiance and the feel of being in Paris on a spring day. We ate at the cafe inside and enjoyed the atmosphere while walking around, it was warm and cheery while being on the casino floor.  The location on the strip is great, it's right in the middle of everything and walk away from everything in them middle of the strip. It's located next to Planet Hollywood and the Miracle Mile shopping center. These properties are part of Caesars, along with many other properties.
3	Paris hotel has a hint of a 19th Century theme, so don't expect it to be very "modern". It's more focused on the well known Parisian elegance and opulence. It has some ups and downs, for instance; in one hand the rates are fair, the newly re-modeled rooms are very spacious and comfortable, and the staff was very friendly and helpful; at least the few I interacted with. On the other hand; the bad hand, cleanliness and upkeep is only a facade until you get to your room. In one of the stands in the room, there was a dried up fluid stain in the surface. In addition, the love-seat in the room had a 2-3 inch tear in the back rest. How long has that been there? no way to tell. The hotel seems to have a constant costumer tempo and shutting a room down for every minor repair is preposterous. However, a thorough cleaning before/after a costumer is not too much to ask, is it? and how hard is it to stitch up a  torn fabric? Because of the lack of attention to detail is why Paris deserves a border-line three our of five.
3	Paris Las Vegas Hotel is conveniently located in the heart of the Strip. It is next to the hotel "Belliz" and "Aladdin" and across from the "Bellagio". This 34-story building, repeating the historic hotel "De Ville" in Paris in France. On the hotel Paris Las Vegas features original designs Parisian attractions, including a 50-story half-scale copy of the Eiffel Tower, Arc de Triomphe, the Louvre and the Paris Opera House.    Rooms at the Paris Las Vegas are elegantly furnished and decorated in a European style. Rooms are furnished in a European style with rich fabrics and marble bathrooms, with a separate shower and bathtub. The rooms comfortable spacious wardrobe and all that should be in the room 4-star hotel.     This hotel Paris Las Vegas - bars, restaurants, banquet and meeting rooms, an outdoor pool, fitness center, spa, 33 elevators, room service. The hotel Paris Las Vegas you can get acquainted with the atmosphere of Paris. The complex vast territory for the games. You can visit the Eiffel Tower and watch the city from above. The hotel arranged theater performances and shows. It also has three halls, clubs and bars. Shoppers will be able to give vent to in shops in a typical Parisian boulevard. The hotel has a business center. The two churches are wedding ceremony.Must visit thing is their Eiffel Tower restaurants, but it's sweet shop isn't that good
5	Paris Las Vegas and Caesars Entertainment has never failed to take care of my own and my family's needs and requests ever since opening in 1999. Complimentary suites, meals, and show & event tickets are a few benefits of my mother being a Total Rewards member with Diamond status. About time they replaced those old televisions with 42" flat-screens in their large, two-bathroom Imperial Suites. Thank you, Paris Las Vegas.
2	I think the location is awesome BUT the room not so much. Maybe because I should have been on a higher floor, I was on 10. My room needed an upgrade. The beds were saggy (dbl rm) in the middle, the shower is too small and kinda black in corners, I believe it may have been mold or dirt?? Bad reception on my cell and my 3G ipad. Internet cost 15 a day. The best thing I had in the room service, was room service. I was here for work, if I had had a choice, I'd of certainly stayed elsewhere.
3	Oh Paris, what happened? We used to love staying here, but this time may have been our last. The restaurants are still good, but the drink service is nearly non-existent in the casino, and the rooms are very outdated. Also, the casino had a stronger smoke smell than other casinos we visited (MGM, Mirage, etc)I was happy to see an empty fridge in the armoire replacing the old tube tv, but later that happiness was replaced by shock. Who decided to place the new flatscreens way to the side of the bed?  My husband and I were enjoying our kid-free holiday and watched several of your $15 in-room movies during our stay. However, we were forced to either get cricks in our necks or move to the very uncomfortable french style couch in order to view them. At one point, we almost moved the entire bed. We heard there are some renovated rooms in the upper stories, so be sure to ask for them.
3	The cigaret smell is too strong for this hotel. It's almost every where you go, even on the non smoking floor. There is no feeling of being welcomed the whole time I stayed there, every impersonal. Bathroom is clean and modern. That cannot be said for their beds and decor. It's no different than a 50 or 80 bucks a night room. The beds are not conformable and the TV is hung to the side.  No water bottles in the room. I'm not expecting free water bottles, willing to pay for them out of convenience but that's not an option. For the price, water should be included! Stay somewhere and come in and walk around if you just want to check out the scenes and Effel tower. There's no need to pay high price for medium priced room. You have to pay $25/day to use their gym.
1	Don't bother staying here.  $25 for early check in before 4, 40 more for a red room which is their newly updated room!  $55 for an upper room for VIP which includes breakfast afternoon floors and high floors.  Internet is $15.  If u have more than one computer your charged twice which in an upscale hotel in manhattan you were not charged twice.  You get charged to stay one hour over.  The nichol and diming is overwhelming.  It is smokey in the casino area.  Front staff was not very nice.  They are trained to get you for your ones.  The Internet machine around the corner stole my money because the mouse on their machines don't work!  Needless to stay I will not stay there again and I always stayed there in the past!
2	I used to be a long-time loyal customer of Paris Hotel. I stayed here many times during the past. I wanted to find out if the hotel provided fee wifi in the room. Because I couldn't find any information online, I had to call up the hotel. They told me that the rate was $14.95 per day (24 hours). When I checked into the hotel, my husband used wifi on his PS Vita and I used wifi on my iPad. We were staying for one night. I was assuming that we would only be charged $14.95 for wifi because that was what I was told over the phone. When it was time for me to check-out, I found out that they charged me TWICE for wifi! I went to the front desk in person to dispute the charges. The receptionist told me that wifi was $14.95 PER day PER apparatus. I thought that it was very misleading. I told them that I was told over the phone that it was just $14.95 per day, and we only stayed one night. No one made any mention to me that it was $14.95 per day per apparatus. The receptionist kept insisting that their policy was $14.95 per day per apparatus. I made it clear that this type of information could not be found anywhere online and not even when I inquired over the phone. I even told her that the LAX Marriott only charged one flat fee per day regardless of how many apparatuses you use. The receptionist told me that Paris Hotel was part of a different company (which was Harrah's) which I thought was a lame excuse. It was clear that they treated their customers worse here than Marriott. Way to go. I concluded that this was their cheap way to make a quick buck off a customer which was very unfair. Word of advice to all hotel owners: NEVER punish your most loyal customers unless you NEVER want them to come back.By then I was very upset of having to pay another $14.95. I was starving and was planning to eat at Paris Buffet. But because of what just happened, my husband and I decided to eat at Wicked Spoon instead. We will NOT bringing back our business to Paris Hotel ever again! This is what they get for ripping off a loyal customer. There are plenty of better hotels on the Vegas Strip.
3	This hotel is really really pretty! I have been to Paris and the paintings on the main floor are pretty unreal! I have definitely stayed in nice hotels but it really does have an airy feel which I have found is hard to find at a lot of hotels in Vegas.
4	Of all the Harrahs properties, this is my favorite one.  Its even nicer when I get comp'd with my Total Rewards points.The check in is very efficient... beats Bally's, Harrahs, and even Caesar's. The view facing theEiffel Tower is very nice, makes posting the view of your room on facebook even better.The rooms need to be redecorated.  The flatscreen as Mary L stated is in the weirdest spot.  It would be better to move the armoire to the side, and reposition the tv.  Otherwise, I still lvoe staying here, and the location is great!
3	Beautiful rooms but will not go back. It was lacking a lot of customer service.
1	Can i give this place zero stars?????  $85.00 for a "Deluxe" Pedicure and it was the worst, quickest, wambam thankyou mam pedicure.  Horrible!!!!!  They won't be getting another dime of my money.  If I could give this place zero stars I would.
1	My boyfriend and I stated at Paris Las Vegas in the beginning of January this year, and had a great stay, that was unfortunately overshadowed by a mistaken transaction at one of the cafes. Our bill had come to around $40, but I was also charged for a meal totaling $120. I noticed it when I was checking my bank account on the drive out of Vegas. The manager of the cafe was very polite and said that the transaction would be reversed, which it eventually was, but it took nearly a week and a half AFTER we were back from Vegas for this to happen. It was a very frustrating, and as I said, overshadowed an otherwise great stay.
4	Enjoyed our stay here due to its fabulous location! Only reason for no five star rating is the beds. Not very comfortable. Needs improvement.
3	This is one of those Casinos that I had passed by on my last four trips to Vegas, but never went in. This time I went in on a buzzed whim, it seemed fairly well themed, though falling apart just like Disneyland. Unlike at NY NY, they actually have the tables *on* the street...not on carpet. I felt this was a nice touch, though it seemed not to help my luck at all. I can't say that I enjoyed the vibe here, but its worth a look. The cocktail waitress' here came off as creepy.
4	One of the nicer places I've stated at over the past 18  years I've been going to Vegas. The rooms, are very nice. Room service is great, especially after hitting the  casinos! The casino is  very nice as well as the shops and restaurants. Highly recommend!
4	Love the location of this hotel. We and my buddies go out for March Madness. This year we picked Paris. We got a great deal. We liked the hotel for the location, but went to other hotels to gamble. We did not stay at the hotel during the day, nor much at night. its a good place to stay, but for action you will need to go somewhere else.Stayed March 2011
2	This hotel has gone down hill. We used to stay here every year but not anymore. The room was outdated with a not so pleasant smell. The shower water smelled like rotten eggs and what is with the TV on the far side of the wall. The only positive to our stay there was Francisco the consierge. He was so very helpful and nice. Just because we are a rewards customer we deserved better.
3	I liked Paris! I felt like it had that European feel. We did take a ride up the Eiffel Tower and you get to take professional pictures, which of course are optional to buy. The view of the Strip from up above is pretty cool. The casino was okay. The service was great! My friend lost her bag of souvenirs there and we went to Lost & Found to check with them. Everyone was willing to help. Luckily, they called as soon as we left the office and said the bag had turned up! I thought the outside was nicer than the inside, but I enjoyed spending some time here.
4	I didn't know what to expect when I first booked the room, but it turned out to be better than I expected. I booked a Luxury Room with double queen beds.I'm glad that they held the room the whole day, because I got there way later. It's also great that they have fulfilled all my requests!The room was not too small. The bathroom was great. It has a bath tub and a shower separately. The room was also clean. The front desk service was especially awesome, because they gave me a complimentary late check out. Thank goodness, because it was much needed hahah!The only thing that I would consider cons are the windows and the position of the TV. I wish the flat screen TV would be placed in the middle of the wall between the two beds. The windows cannot be open all the way, so there is just a small crack at the bottom. Overall, I enjoyed my stay at Paris Las Vegas. The staff were also friendly and courteous.
5	one of my fav hotels
2	The common areas are nice but the rooms are a dump.  I check in 45 early and was charged $15 for early check-in fee.  I decided to check-out early and they charged me $50 for early departure fee.  Internet was free.  Stay at the Bellagio across the street for the same price, less fee's and a nicer experience.
4	Great casino, average to low rooms but great atmosphere. We will be coming back here after we try a few other hotels.
4	I haven't written many reviews about hotels that I've stayed in Vegas mainly I think just because I have no complaints at any that I have stayed at. But my reviews might be a little bit skewed since I didn't stay at regular hotel rooms. When I stayed at Paris the suite was $700.00 a night, lets just say it was amazing and I loved it. I had a nice view of the Bellagio Fountain. Very modern and everything was super clean. I felt like a princess here and was very pampered. Always had fresh towels, the maids were friendly and the room was huge. After going to the real Paris in Europe I have to say the rooms and the lifestyle in this hotel is up to par with the real deal. It has that same European feel and it is quite wonderful. If you don't really care what kind of room you stay in just because you most likely are here to gamble and just see the Vegas life than a good and cheaper option is just getting a cheaper option room. Which they do sell here. I've heard that the regular rooms are also pretty good but I haven't stayed at them so I really am not too sure.  I have seriously no complaints at all. Very satisfied and I will be back again!
3	This review is based on slots gaming, dining and general wandering of the casino floor; I've never stayed here.Paris is a casino that we often visit when we're in Las Vegas. The vibe is lively, there are a great variety of slot machines on the floor and the staff has always been friendly when we interact with them here, from Valet to Total Rewards to restaurants (especially Mon Ami Gabi and with the exception of Le Village Buffet, which is horrible). We have had great gambling luck here, but that's just luck of the draw - ANY casino can be lucky and any casino will take you off at the knees.Located mid-Strip, this is a fantastic location that is walking distance to other properties nearby. Paris has some great dining going on, from Mon Ami Gabi, which I HIGHLY recommend, to a GREAT little place (huge apologies, the name escapes me at the moment) that serves pizza by the slice - PERFECT hangover food and quite tasty, to boot! Without making this a Mon Ami commercial, that is our go-to restaurant at Paris, and we love it. Sitting outside on the patio and watching the fountains of Bellagio across the Strip while enjoying a meal... absolute Heaven.Gordon Ramsay Steak recently opened at Paris to rave reviews, but I haven't had the chance to check it out, although it is on my To Do List for a future trip!As I mentioned, this is part of the Caesar's group, so don't forget to use your Total Rewards card when playing here.The best news regarding Paris in a long time: they're finally refurbishing the damned faded balloon out front! It's about time!
1	Analogy for this hotelExterior is to fancy as Room is to Ugly.This is a really outdated hotel here on the strip.Be aware that this hotel was built in 1999.Since then,they never renovated their level entry rooms,even up to 2014.Really ugly hotel!I didn't like it because of its cheap furniture.This is one of the cheap European-themed hotels.They didn't have a flat-screen television in 2012(For Cheapest room)they use the huge boxed CRT televisions.EVEN LUXOR(BAD HOTEL)HAS A FLAT SCREEN TELEVISION. Don't stay here unless it's free.STEP UP THIS CRAPPY HOTEL!This hotel is worse than Monte Carlo(Check my review on that).*You may be thinking European-themed hotels are "high classed".WELL NOT THIS ONE!!When I entered the hallway to my room,I had a bad impression already because of the ugly decor and cheap furniture.Stay away from this Low-End hotel.UGLY,CHEAP,CRAPPY,LOW ENDED,BAD,HORRIBLE, HORRENDOUS HOTEL!!The cheapness to keep this hotel outdated for 14 years is UNACCEPTABLE!STAY AWAY FROM THIS "LOW CLASS" RESORT!This is one of the hotels that tries too hard be something fancy.But since you are paying a low price for this Shit,everything is cheap.Tip For Hotel Companies:Cheap hotels should NEVER try to be fancy,keep it simple.Go to Caesar's Palace,more high classed than this hotel. :)
4	I stayed there for 1 night. The hotel was very nice. The room and the bathroom was clean. while I was checking in we had to wait in a very long line! The front desk person informed me that they don't have 2 beds in the room as I requested, however they were willing to give me an upgrate with a nicer view. We were ok with that. The hotel stuff was very friendly.the only thing I didn't like was that I could hear people in the hallway closing doors. I think there was a party in the next room that involved many people walking in and out. Afterall, it's Vegas.
4	This is one of my favorite hotels in vegas... partially because I'm obsessed with the city. It's a great location on the strip, the tables are always reasonably priced, and I love eating at the restaurant mon ami. They also have an awesome spa on site. The rooms aren't huge, but they're cute, clean, and pretty affordable compared to some other hotels.
3	This review is based on Paris Las Vegas' conference facilities.I was in town for a....you guessed it, a conference. I learned from someone in the know that there were approximately 900 attendees, so not super huge, but not tiny, either. I liked the ease of finding meeting rooms at Paris. They were blocked together, so it was great not to risk missing a session start time because of walking long distances between one room and another. Paris also earned extra points for supplying towels for participants - it was a fitness/exercise science conference. Bathrooms were clean the one and only time I used the facilities.Paris lost points for stained carpeting. I may not have ordinarily have noticed the problem, but there were workout sessions being performed on it. Sometimes in bare feet. Ick. Another point off for tech staff. Maybe it was an off-week or perhaps budget cuts got rid of necessary bodies, but I saw a handful of problems that weren't addressed right away. The most flagrant wasn't entirely Paris' fault. One of the presenters was trying to load her Mac-based presentation on a PC. Wasn't gonna happen. Tech staff messed with her presentation for, no joke, 15-20 minutes, 10-15 of which session goers witnessed because everything they tried was illuminated on the screen. If *I* know something technology-related is not going to work before IT staff can figure it out, that's just sad. But, seriously, the presenter should have brought her Mac/iPad with her to connect with the projector.All told, points added and removed will figure into an average rating. Good job, Paris. And oopsy, Paris.
4	Good place to stay but don't gamble here! The payouts are horrible compared to Freemont Street, Tropicana, and the Station. Nice pool on top of casino area. Beds weren't that great. Shower was pretty nice. Great central location. Not bad for the price. Nice lively atmosphere. Good bang for buck hotel.
1	First with the positves...The cheesesteak & fries from room service are very good, and room service seems to be quite prompt.  Good on ya kitchen & staff. La Village was decent, albeit really busy (30+min wait). I stayed in a Red Room...which I prefer to their suites, which tend to be dated and tacky.  The Red Room was as expected: very comfortable king mattress,  soft linens, 42"-46" flatscreen, and functional love seat and coffee table. The Red Rooms are on the top floors, so it is pretty quiet, minus the housekeeping carts and chatter. I wish I could comment on the gambling, but I took my action elsewhere because they kept screwing the pooch at every opportunity...please see below.Now with the other 95% of my stay...the staff don't listen nor care. "Do Not Disturb" signs are meaningless to the housekeeping staff, as they'll bang on your door at various hours of the day and night even if you have a DND sign hung. If they can't reach you after banging on your door they call you room. I asked if they saw the DND sign, and they said yes... but it is company policy to call. I had a migraine the size of China, and they weren't helping.A little while later I called down to the front desk and asked the manager (Eric) to please put a note on my account that I do not want to be disturbed, for any reason. He said he would "take care of it," but housekeeping banged on my door and then called me again the next day. Today I decided to be proactive so I called to schedule housekeeping and make sure there was a note on my account saying "DND". They said yes...we will not call. Guess who got a phone call about 3 hours later, while dead asleep....?  I explained again that I did not want to be disturbed as I had a migraine and I just needed some peace and quiet.  That has to be the end, right? Less than 5 minutes later there is a BANGING on my door. I stumble out of bed and it is a guy cleaning my door. I point to the sign and he said, "yes sir, yes sir. I am just cleaning your door." BANG BANG BANG the door rebounds off of the door jam. I stopped him and asked him to leave. "I am just cleaning your door." BANG BANG BANG. I wish I was making this up. He just kept going, mumbling something I couldn't understand.There was no hope of getting back to sleep, so migraine and all I walk down to the front desk to speak with the manager (Eric), again.  I waited 15 minutes for him to get there, and I swear it seems to get brighter and louder as each minute ticks by. He finally appears with a, "What can I do for you sir?" fake smile. He remembered me from the prior day, and he said that he made a note on the account, so he didn't know why I kept getting bothered. He said he would "get this fixed." again. He reassured me that he left a note, so if they didn't do it, he did not know why. He channeled his best Don Quixote and said he would "get to the bottom of this", and he asked for my phone # so he could triumphantly tell me how he would save the day. I left my cell phone # and he said he'd call me back after talking to the head of housekeeping.Fifteen minutes later I get a call, but Don Quixote was not triumphant and the windmill still stood; color me shocked. Even he couldn't claim victory, so he started listing reasons why he couldn't slay the housekeeping dragon. The list included: "I tried to reach the Head of Housekeeping, but (s)he is at the other property, so I don't know what happened."  "It is a different cleaning group, so they didn't know." "It is company policy to call the room if the guest cannot be reached about house cleaning."  And on and on and on and on. I don't want excuses. I want you to fix it. I want you to be sincere. I want to try and enjoy what time I have left here. I do not want to hear what you would have done if the Head of Housekeeping was here. He finally said he was sorry about the hassle (carefully not accepting any blame himself, even though he failed to fix the problem the first time or the second time). As his grand gesture he offered a $100 dining credit.   Ruin my weekend for a $100 credit. I cannot leave here fast enough. Keep fighting windmill guys, as it is obvious you have no clue how to provide actual service right the first time. I am going to go to a real hotel like The Cosmo, Wynn, Etc.
4	Kind of kitschy, but in an acceptable way.  Slept pretty well while we were here, though I will note we were pretty inebriated, so maybe we just slept through the noise.If I recall properly we had one of the higher  Red rooms, pretty good views and about what you'd expect at the price range.  Like I said, the bed was probably better then I expected so it was probably worth the couple of extra bucks if you need somewhere to re-coup after a late night out.
2	Hubby and I stayed here for 3 nights.  The first night the room we'd requested wasn't available (King deluxe or something, the important part was a King bed) so they had us in a double Queen.  They had some fancy King room available but it was $150 upcharge.  Seems to me if a reservation is messed up and the better room is available they should just give it to the inconvenienced couple instead of putting them in a lesser room, but hey, what do I know.  So we stayed in the room with 2 smaller beds the first night and actually had decided that we'd probably just keep that one.  Until hubs took a shower and found it didn't drain.  OK,  new room 3 floors up we went. Like our first room, the bed was very comfortable but we could hear every noise outside the room.  Oddly enough other guests were really considerate and not making much noise at all - it was the staff and their carts (housekeeping and room service) that were loud!  I don't think they were intentionally loud, or any louder than any other hotel, just that the doors and walls were that thin.  Oh!  And our newer king bed room?  Right next to the ice machine!  So each time the ice machine filled with water we heard it.  That was obnoxious. The best upside - comfy bed.  Followed by shades that actually kept the room dark. Oh, and it's a pretty centralized location.   Downsides - awful water pressure.Teeny, tiny shower. Stained carpet.  It kind of freaked me out.  Hubs and I joked that a hooker probably had been killed in our room. NoisySmoky smell even on the non-smoking floors11 am check out with no chance of late check out. I wouldn't stay there again.  There are too many other good options on and off the strip.
4	To be at Paris on the Strip is a bit like being in Paris at the Disneyworld, with fewer children and sea of adults ready to get down. While the cheesiness is never ending, , this Caesars Entertainment property is as decent as they come for mid-tier properties and just so happens to be situated mid strip.The most impressive thing about Paris is their lifelike replica of the Eiffel Tower. It is haven for countless photo ops, a Strip landmark, and home to its very own restaurant (and very good) in the Eiffel Tower Restaurant (http://www.yelp.com/biz/eiffel-tower-restaurant-las-vegas). I've read that Paris attracts the most honeymooners in Vegas. If you can't go to the real Pareee, I suppose the Vegas version will have to do.There are a decent array of cafes and shops throughout Paris, none of which are outstanding enough to mention on their own.The restaurant variety is a bit on the drab side, from the 24 hour Le Cafe (http://www.yelp.com/biz/le-cafe-ile-saint-louis-las-vegas) to the uninspiring Le Village Buffet (http://www.yelp.com/biz/le-village-buffet-las-vegas). Asian food at Ah Sin doesn't feel very Parisian, same goes for the bland Italian at Le Provencal.If there is a weak point, let it be the casino and their nightlife venues. With the casino, it's a labyrinth of machines, table games, and a drab high limit area. Not that it should be pleasing to the eye, but the casino Bar Central isn't a place where one can truly get drunk enough to spend those TotalReward points and no other bar really does the trick. Chateau as a night club hasn't been all its cracked up to be and isn't a heavy favorite in the weekend rotation of most frequented clubs at all. From a mild to medium standpoint on the casino hotness meter, Paris is somewhere inbetween.My personal favorite aspect is their rooms. Most of the standard stuff is going to look antiquated with an obvious Euro feel, but the jr suites, like the Le Mans and such have a good value to them, and the comp rewards are more applicable to higher end rooms here. If Caesars Palace is the high end, Imperial is the lower end of the Caesars Entertainment totem pole, then Paris, through all it has to offer, is definitely somewhere in the middle. Ah, c'est la vie.
2	Probably some of the least impressive rooms I've ever seen in Las Vegas. The casino and Paris vibe are decent, but not happy with the rest of my experience.The rooms are standard hotel rooms. They must've decided not to carry the Paris theme into the rooms for some reason. And there seemed to be a lot of wear and tear in the rooms. The TVs are old and the remote hardly worked.The worst part was the nickel and diming. They wouldn't let me check into my room a couple hours early without paying an extra $25. Wouldn't be so bad, except their check-in times were like 4pm. Also, internet is not free.I guess like everything in Vegas, the whole purpose is to get you there and then slowly take money away from you. For some reason I expected more from the Paris.
3	Really hoped for more. Not worth the extra dollars. Love the Mon Ami Gabi restaurant, but the hotel just didn't live up to my hopes.
4	Just to frame our initial expectations, we had four nights comped via our Total Rewards and thus we expected very little in terms of luxury. We arrived past the checkin time at around 830pm and were greeted by a long line to checkin...lasting about 40 minutes. The checkin process itself was super quick though so I am not sure as to why the line was moving so slow! Upon arrival to our 18th floor room we were pretty surprised at the roominess of the place...two queens beds and plenty of space to walk around! The view that we had was of the back of Bally's casino but that was better than no view at all! The only negative I have about this room was that the tv was set off centered and only the bed positioned directly in front of the tv had the comfy view. In terms of other amenities..there is WIFI but super expensive, but my phone had great reception and thus I could browse via my own hot spot. The parking in the Paris is free and is very convenient if you have a car and want to/need to explore the surrounding Vegas area outside of the flashing lights & gambling. The cleaning lady came by every day and took care of the room really well...making the beds, throwing out the trash, and cleaning/replenishing the bathroom. Overall good experience with the hotel. The building location is also a very big plus...right across the street from the Bellagio fountains! Plenty to see and plenty to do - use YELP and FOURSQUARE to find your way.
5	First time staying here for our week's vacation. Pro & Con: Registration on a Sunday afternoon was crazy busy with very long lines. We had just finished a five hour drive to get there and the line was a PIA.   Having gotten through the line, weren't we impressed that we got an upgrade to a parlor room for a standard rate room. Yay!Pro's: Having been to Paris, France on a number of occasions we really liked all the special French touches throughout the hotel.  Look around at the ceilings and the moldings, really beautifully done.  Great lobby artwork, took us back to fond memories of prior trips.  The lobby and the halls are kept beautifully clean and free of trash and debris.  The wait for an elevator was quite impressive considering how many people stay at this hotel.Con's: I brought all my workout gear and headed straight for the spa/gym the first morning.  I was not happy when told use of the gym would be a $100 (for the week) added on to my room.  Needless to say, I passed on that and did lots of walking to make up for the lack of going to the gym.Con:  There was no free wifi in the room. If you want it added, this will set you back $15.00+ p/day. One thing you will find with Vegas in general,  is that nothing is complimentary/free.  Pro & Con: We can recommend the cafe called Madelines on the ground floor.  It's convenient but in the morning has very long lines (seems everywhere there are long lines to wait in).  The coffee and the pastry were very delish but also expensive.  2 medium coffee and 2 croissants were around $15.00, I think that's expensive. Note: I do pay close attention to details, I couldn't figure out how we ordered the same selection every morning and yet the total on the bill varied each morning.  What the?Pro: Our parlor room was very spacious and as I stated earlier had beautiful French artwork on the walls.  The king sized bed was very comfortable and there was plenty, plenty of closet storage room for our clothes and luggage.  We had a seating area for snacking/coffee in the morning, a couch area for our friends to sit on when they came to visit as well as a separate "bar" area for drinks and appy set ups.  The bathroom was bigger than both of our back home bathrooms.  The marble on the sinks and the shower were a light orange in color and really quite unique.  We had a state of the art flat screen TV (although we didn't use it much) offered a great picture and sound quality.  Pro: The ride up the Eiffel Tower was so much fun at night.  Bring your camera or iPhone and have a ball.  The view up and down the strip was all lite up and magical.  As a suggestion to Paris Hotel, I understand that you never allow your paying guests to ride for free but maybe you could/should offer a free VIP express line.  It seemed to me that as a paying guest at your hotel,  I shouldn't have to wait in line with the rest of the world to take the ride.  Just saying would have made me feel like I was "special" without it costing you anything. Pro: the pool area is big and spacious with waitress service all day.  Get there early to reserve your table and chairs as it does fill up quickly in the morning and people scramble later in the day to secure a chair.   Pro: Gorden Ramsey's Steak restaurant is right there on premises and we had a really great meal on our last night in Vegas.Con: don't visit the Paris on the last weekend in March as it hosts the International Karate Kids Exhibition and with it 5,000 kids, families, coaches and judges.  The actual competition happens on premises.  Pro: Every single one of the staff members was helpful, friendly and intentionally nice.  Our needs and questions were answered swiftly and courteously and that was important to us.  Valet service was hopping and quick.  Bellman got our bags delivered  upon check in and picked up super fast when it was time to go.  Lastly-Pro: Paris is a pet friendly hotel.  This was a big consideration for us because we like to travel with our small dog.  There is a charge but the cost of a kennel vs a stay at the Paris was a no-brainer for us. For all of the pro's AND being pet friendly, you have our vote Paris and a promise of our repeat business. Thanks for a really nice stay.
1	Terrible service. Management is terrible to say the least. We got to our room and it was 80 degrees. A maintenance gentleman came to our room and had to make some repairs. We explained the situation to Darrin (front desk manager) and he refused to comp the night even though we slept in 80+ degree weather! Little does he know we review hotel rooms for a living...the BAR will definitely be hearing about this as well as his boss, Gary Austin. Don't stay here!
1	So I wish I had a good response for this hotel but unfortunately I don't. Our room was spectacular but the service is absolutely just horrible with any type of hospitality what so ever. I would prefer not to go into Great detail but all in all they had several opportunities to make our stay redeemable but there was no chance of that ever happening. I would definitely pay extra money to stay in the Wynn because I hear they actually provide service there...  Even though I did pay a good amount of money to stay at Paris. So if you're looking for good service please stay away from this hotel.... So I really didn't even want to give them a star but in order for me to share my opinion I have to do something...
1	Authentically poor French customer service.  Stood in line over an hour to check in.  $20 per day mandatory resort fee, not disclosed when we made reservation.  Casino smokey.  $16 per day wi-fi, and no 3G.  TV in room all advertisements, only about 8 actual channels.  No coffee maker in room, had to stand in line 45 minutes to get a weak and overpriced cup of coffee in the morning.  Room hot and stuffy, thermostat on wall was apparently just a decoration.  Pool overly crowded and inadequately heated, not enough chairs for all the guests.  Kitschy decor.  They just put "le" in front of everything ("Le Pizza", "Le Registration", "Le Casino") and expect that to make you feel like you're in Paris.
3	Great location and lots of charm.  Rooms were nice, good selection of restaurants at all price ranges.  The bakery was great for a snack or cup of coffee.  $20.00 resort fee was annoying as this isn't really a resort and I am not at all sure what it is for!  Pool was cold and most of lounge chairs were broken.  Pool staff would not allow any more than 1 towel per person, no food service at the pool, etc.  The front desk staff was very hit or miss.  They were civil, but just barely.  Not helpful or very friendly.  Bell staff was great, as were the housekeeping crew.      Eiffel Tower is fun and great if you can catch the fountains show from Bellagio while you're up there.  Location is so great that I would stay again.
2	I am prejudice on this one.I grew up on the border of France and Germany and went to Paris more often than i would have liked.I don't like it there, with that a biased review.Paris is pretentious, overpriced, dirty, snotty, snooty...just like the city itself.yes, there are nice areas, it is romantic, but its run down and showing its wear and tear.They  haven't remodeled in years and it shows, it kind of reminds me of the NY NY, I bet they had the same designer years and years ago.I have yet to eat something good here (hey, again just like in the city itself) or recieve good service.Actually, on my last visit, I couldn't help myself and had to call out the host on being a bitch, hows that for the city of love?
3	Just stayed at Paris with my family and dog.  I like the fact that Paris is pet friendly.  The room itself was a little small and a littled warn.  My wife and I have stayed here before and had nicer rooms.  It might have been becasue these were pet friendly rooms.  The room was relatively clean and no animal ordors.Dealers here were very nice, especially Enrique, who was dealing 21+3.  Very friendly and the kind of dealer who really enhances the fun of the game.  Overall, I'd recommend Paris, especially if you have a dog.  One of the few places on the strip that accommodates for this.  We would have enjoyed a slightly larger "bathroom" area for the dog but what they had worked just fine.
5	Gorgeous hotel!! Inside and out! Great restaurants!
4	I would give this a 3 star, but because our hotel person was nice enough to give us a room with a nice view upon request, I'll bump it up to 4 stars. I nice view of the Eiffel Tower and the Bellagio  (yay for their water shows) made it nice!Paris is generally a nice play to stay. It's very cute! It does give you a sense of Paris, that is, until you enter the casino/gambling area. Checking in is a complete pain in the ass. Wait is long, and the lines move at a terribly slow pace. I think I waited about 30-40 minutes just to check in. Fun! Our rooms were decent. Aside from the view, the rooms were not anything special. I could have settled for somewhere cheaper and gotten a similar room. The pool is huge and nice! I didn't go into the water, but man the sun was ablaze. It was nice to relax by the pool.Checking out is a lot more simple than checking in. You can pretty much fill out a card and put it into a check out box. They take care of it. You don't have to wait in the long, slow-moving line just to check out. I had a good time at the Paris, and see no reason to discourage anyone from getting a room at Paris. And hey, free parking!
3	I'm not much for the atmosphere here, fake titties & real a holes. everyone walking around here thinks they are on reality TV & their crap smels like Kors & Coach. Didn't really interact with the employees or get a chance to stay here so my review is just on the atmosphere. I never really waned to pretend I was more than I really was but if I did this would be a good place to start. Go team snooki!
2	Paris hotel Las Vegas is not a 4 star hotel it is 3 star  hotel all the way...  If the customer service was better it might be a 3.5. But the customer service is just as awlful as the hotel. Please pay the extra money to stay somewhere nice like Venetian or Bellagio.
4	The casino was wonderful! The painted the ceiling like the sky! the decorations in the casino was great as well.  The buffet was awesome, the food was delicious, again the service was GREAT! add a $11.99 for all you can drink booze ;)
1	Not impressed at all.... Paris wasn't a horrible stay, but they gave me a bad impression right from the start. We were staying at the Luxor for two nights and Paris for one night. So we head over to Paris to check-in and right off the bat we get an "early check-in" fee. They charged $15 to check-in at 2pm versus 3pm. Come on!! Don't they want returning customers? Sorry I don't mean to sound like a cheap ass but when hotels try to squeeze every extra penny out of my pocket, it really ticks me off. Also, I get it is supposed to be a french hotel and there is a very obvious french theme throughout the hotel, but I have one piece of advise. GET A STARBUCKS!! Your crappy coffee shop sucks!! Starbucks can run circles around your knock off, and very sloooowwww, coffee shop! I was the only person in line, waited 10 minutes, and didn't even get to order anything. I will probably never stay here again. Paris is way too overpriced for the level of service and amenities I received.
1	Unimpressed!  We stayed at Paris for a wedding and they put our family in a room facing the Cosmopolitan where every Friday and Saturday night they have a band on their pool deck with a loud, throbbing beat until at least midnight.  Come on!  They knew we had kids and when I called to get the room switched, they did it, but they said they can't control what the hotel across the way does.  Of course not, but you CAN let your customers know in case they want to get sleep in their room.  The next night we got to listen to raucous sex for about 45 minutes.  That made for a great conversation with our preteens. The walls are way too thin.  Yes, I know, we took our kids to Vegas...but one would think we'd at least be able to relax in our room.  And I agree with everyone who said check in took WAY too long....and, frankly, the rooms were not very nice for the price.  There are a lot of options in Vegas.  I'd recommend anywhere but Paris.
2	I attended a conference held here and stayed 4 nights. The conference facilities were adequate, and the hotel room was ok but quite outdated and a bit dirty. Housekeeping was inconsistent and problematic. The casino facilities are super depressing and sad. This place is, by far, worse than any Indiana or even Mississippi casino I have visited. The patrons are old and sad. The cocktail waitresses are old and sad. The decor is extremely artificial (in a bad way) and I couldn't wait to get to a place that didn't bring me down as much. The restaurants are no better. They should tear this craphole down to build something worth going to.
3	The Good, Bad and Ugly of the Paris Las Vegas - OK the good, well location, location, location.  We loved that the Paris is centrally located across from Bellagio and Caesars & the Forum shops, and a short walk to MGM and New York.  Our check in was easy and quick..5-10 minutes max!  Staff were friendly and professional.   The rooms were clean, quiet, and the bathrooms were large and very nice!   The coffee shop opens early and was a great place for morning coffee.  The casino was nice and a friend won money each night, including $2,000 on the last night.The Bad, the views for the cheaper rooms are as you would expect, of the roof!   The lower floors had even worse views.    The restaurants are popular and without reservations far in advance we were unable to get in to either the Steak house or Mon Ami Gabi   I didn't anticipate having such a long wait to catch taxis to get to the airport, and was late getting to the airport!  (Get in line earlier than you expect).  The ugly, the rooms aren't bad,  but run down.  We didn't find stains on the bed or furniture, but we did encounter stains on the floor under the ottoman, very similar to the pictures posted below. Looks like when they cleaned the carpets the furniture bled onto the carpet, could have been rust.   But it was minor over all.   We enjoyed out stay, loved the location and overall it was a good experience, just not exceptional or fancy.
4	Stayed here a few times because of my significant other's Rewards Card status. We got a good deal once, I think the room was only $10? I don't know, but either way it was pretty good. However, for some reason, the room in Paris wasn't as spacious as Bally's or the other ones that the same company owns.
2	I attended a 5-day educational conference here. First of all the check-in process is painful and the staff are snotty. The Disney-like Paris sidewalk theme was cute for about a day. After that it seemed immature, cluttered and dirty. Their restaurants feel like fast food and the service was horrible. We went to their Eiffel Tower Restaurant for dinner at the recommendation of a friend. I requested the Beef Wellington. The waitress had never heard of such a thing. Really, true story. I was so pissed. A hotel cannot be pricey and uppity and incompetent and dirty and tacky all at the same time.There are sooooo many better options in Vegas. Unless of course you have kids... they may find it more entertaining.
4	I was there for 3 days. My stay was good but they wanted me to pay $10 extra a day to have internet, that is disappointing when I paid so much a night to stay there and not to have a free internet. The fridge has sensor so the minute you move something, your bill goes up, it doesn't even say the price on the items! Good hotel but it needs some improvements for the prices they have!
3	Nice rooms. Nothing over the top, but definitely a nice hotel. I wasn't happy that an outdoor concert on a Thursday night was audible in my room ... and I was on the 26th floor. The concert went until 11:30p.I guess it's Vegas, so that's OK? I'll return to the hotel, but I will get a room facing away from Las Vegas Blvd next time!
3	Paris is a great mid-range hotel in a convenient location on the strip. I've stayed at Caesar's in the past and my husband has stayed at Bellagio so Paris didn't blow us away like some of the more grand strip hotels; however, we were impressed with the price, the location was great, and having good places to eat right downstairs was very convenient. We stayed in a basic room and it was nothing special. We had a view of a rooftop and a few other buildings. That's okay, we didn't come to Vegas to hang out in our room anyways! Our bathroom was huge, there was a nice flat screen TV, and I was happy to have an empty mini-fridge that we could actually use! Our only complaint was the college dorm sized mini ironing board and crappy iron. It was impossible to use. The pool was a nice size and not too crowded. Chairs would fill up by about 1pm, but the staff were pretty good about going around and removing towels from chairs that were no longer being used. Most of the pool area is in the shade until about noon and then it gets sunnier. My only complaint was I don't really remember seeing any umbrellas so we were stuck in the hot sun. The pool was also freeeezing cold! We had breakfast at Mon Ami Gabi two mornings in a row and it was fantastic! If you go before 9am, there is no wait and you can easily get a table outside or on the patio. I used the Open Table app to make reservations and adjust them if needed so we didn't have to wait. We also enjoyed lunch at Le Burger and Le Pizza was convenient to grab a slice when we arrived. We were in Vegas for a very short trip so having places close by and being in a central location was very convenient.
4	In preparation for a Vegas list I am putting together for future reference, I am back tracking on this review from a few years ago when I saw U2 and spent a few days in Vegas. Never stayed at the hotel, however, love browsing and spending time here 'cause my kid at heart is at play. I haven't done much time in Paris, therefore, cannot comment if this properly emulates the feel of the city, however, for what it is I had fun. The souvenirs are cheesy "Paris souvenirs just like NY NY, however, more in it or the laugh than actual retail therapy. Not a lot of interaction with the staff personally but they looked all happy serving people at the front desk.
4	I stayed at the Paris for the first time this weekend. I have always liked gambling at the paris because I like the atmosphere and I have gotten lucky here a few times. Staying here was also really nice. We had a strip view room that was awesome! The bed was comfy, the views were nice, we could see the pool and the Eiffel tower replica out one window and the strip including the Bellagio fountains out the other. The location is convenient, the deal we got on the room was good. The pool was fine, but it closed really early (7pm) so that was a bit weird. I would definitely stay here again if the price was right.
3	I love this hotel and the restaurants in it  however upon our last stay last week we asked if there were any local deals for an upgrade the woman replied yes I will upgrade you to the red room. My husband replied we paid for the red room and the woman said ok then theres no upgrades for locals - come on dont lie to us! Room wasnt ready at 3.30 when we checked in and we were asked if we wanted 2 queens when we booked a king. Baggage was a disaster as you have to go outside and wait in another line. Mini bars have been taken out of the rooms - feels low class - going to stick with the cosmo snd Wynn next time. I wish I had a better experiences I wanted to love this place.
5	Loved my room and the service was great.  Will be going back to Vegas next month and plan on staying at Paris again.
1	I was very hesitant at the start to make reservations here, the last time I wondered through this property it was quit honestly a dump and I was propositioned by a hooker at Mon Ami's. But family members coming from the mid-west saw the remodeled rooms on line and had already booked their reservations. It would be nice to stay at the same property.Right from the start I regretted staying here. We booked our reservations a month in advance and arrived two hours early prior to the time we were told the room would be ready.  Instead of a King Red Room, Non Smoking they attempted to book us into a SMOKING, Double Queen at a lower level room.I argued with the front desk and then someone that claimed to be the manager.  I would have left but the wife wanted to stay with family. The front desk also refused to help making additional reservations at partner property Caesars or allow an upgrade.Remarkably during the remainder of the booking /tirade a room became available. I don't know how you would feel about it. But I'm used to staying at Caesars or the Bellagio they have a remarkable customer service and that's were I do most of my Gaming. I can do without the drama and I hate the attitude of "Here it is take it or leave it". The room: Okay nothing special, I would rather pay a little more and get a nicer room at a better property.Room over looked the parking garage.Holes in some of the doors and torn wallpaper. Someone vomited inside the elevator. The only decent wine is served in the restaurant. 1 hour wait for room service.1 hour wait for Valet to get your car You want to stay at Paris....you can have my room.
1	the hotel is lovely but the check-in is a nightmare.  it took over an hour just to be assigned to our rooms.  would not recommend it to anyone.
3	The hotel is very pretty --  you can spend an hour just looking around. In particular, the chandeliers located in the "check-in" area are absolutely gorgeous. The location of the hotel is fantastic. You can get most anywhere on the strip (the heart of the strip) with a short walk. My biggest issue with this hotel is the check-in. I stood in line for over 45 minutes just to pick up a key (the hubby was already there). We walked by the entrance many times during our short time there -- there was ALWAYS a crazy, long line. To their credit, they did give my hubby a wonderful room upgrade. We really appreciated that! All in all - we might go back.
4	Paris was our abode during our stay in Vegas. It was my first time here and I picked it solely on looks, call me vain, and because we planned on purchasing a buffet wrist band ( more info to follow in the Le Village Review). Although I booked the room, I can't in the slightest remember the price. We stayed mid seek (check in Wednesday - check out Friday) with a AAA discount; maybe $250-300? The room more than adequate and I loved its short walk to the garage, reception desk, and buffet line. When passing through the gambling floor there was relatively little to no smoke, a biggie for someone who wears contacts.We selected the luxury two queens non smoking. It came with two queen beds, of course, flat screen TV, dresser/closet and a large bathroom (a necessity with 3 women staying in the room). The beds were comfy and the sheets warm without being rough on your skin. The TV was placed on the left side of the room, next to the window, but it wasn't difficult to watch from the right side bed. The bathroom was something I wish I could have at home. It was warm, light amber marble through out with a his + hers sink, a separate jacuzzi tub and shower. The commode was placed behind a quarter wall so there was some privacy but not if someone showering. Heads up if you have bad balance, the marble becomes slick from the shower. I thought it was just me but everyone had this issue even when we turned the shower head to the far wall. Slip hazard!! We went through two bath mats each day while bathing. Paris needs to better seal the bottom of these shower doors. We made the mistake of ordering Wi Fi for $15 thinking everyone could use it. Wrong. The Wi Fi is only good for ONE DEVICE. Want to add another? That will be another $15, uh no thanks. Unless you are here for work you don't need it and even then I doubt you want to be working after hours in the city of sin. I would definitely stay here again but I would love to try out a Red Room Premier and see the pool. Need to verify if the pictures do it justice.
4	I love Paris Vegas. Always pretty to get a nice view. The staff is always nice. The rooms are clean. I just dont like it when the casino takes my money. Thats why its 4 stars instead of 5.
4	We booked a room for 2 nights on a whim and we thoroughly enjoyed our stay. Checking in was a breeze and even got an upgrade for my Birthday weekend, nice! The room was great and the view of the Eiffel Tower was beautiful. The nice thing about this property is the cleaning staff, I saw this guy cleaning the walls when we left the room, 2 hours later he was still cleaning, they really take great pride in their work. This was our first time staying here but it won't be our last, the rates were affordable for being right in the middle of the strip, very convenient. Looking forward to another Vegas trip soon.
4	Stayed in August 2011 so bear in mind things have changed since then.We were a party of 6 aged 17-65 and had two adjoining rooms and a separate third room all on the same floor as requested. Rooms were clean and spacious and AC worked well. Nice sized bathrooms and plenty of towels provided.We liked this hotel as it wasn't as daunting as some of the others on the strip, it wasn't a huge walk from the entrance to the elevators and a short walk to the room. There was minimal noise at night (our room had a partial strip view - Planet Hollywood and you could also see the pool)We ate most mornings at MAG (separate review) and also in Le Burger and the buffet. Enjoyed almost daily happy hours at the bar in the casino, great 2-4-1 Martinis - super strong.
3	Is there trouble is Paris?  We've stayed here at least four times and this last visit has me a little concerned.  After checking in we made our way to the room.  I took note that there was a tray of room service on the hall floor several rooms down from us.  Guess what?  Still there at 11:00am the following day.  Gross.We intended to spend a lot of time at the pool to, hopefully, stay away from the urge to gamble.  Not impressed with the pool.  Half of the lounge chairs were broken.  Lukcily we got there early and were able to search around for those that weren't.  Even the chairs that were operational we filthy...literarally moving them around left us with blackened hands and clothing.  Their saving grace?  Mon Ami Gabi.  We always eat there at least once.  This trip?  Four visits.  More on that in their reveiw.Viva Lost Wages!
3	Oh Paris... how you have disappointed me...We were on our honeymoon, and had chosen Paris as our hotel.  Plenty of friends who honeymooned in Vegas has highly recommended Paris because of it's "romantic" vibe, location on strip and the perks they offered for newlyweds.Well, it was a whole different story for us.  We arrived late for check-in, it was almost 9pm by the time the airport shuttle dropped us off.  We had indicated in our online reservations that it will be a late check-in, on our honeymoon, and requested a King bed.  When we got there, we mentioned that we were on our honeymoon.  We got a generic "congratulations" but nothing more than the usual check-in shenanigans.  We were assigned to the 32nd floor so we were super excited.  But the excitment soon faded as we entered our hotel room.  It was a small, 2-queen bed room which was a "connecting room" to a suite next door.  The only saving grace was the view from the room.  I was instantly disappointed due to the small room and 2 beds.  We later asked the front desk about switching, and they told us it would be the same size room but maybe an even lower floor so we decided just to keep this room.The pool area was decent.  There were limited menus the few days we were there, and nothing on that interested us, so we didn't even order anything to eat or drink.The one thing I do like about Paris is that location.  It was right in the center of the strip and it was very convenient to get to either South or North of the Strip.  Casars Palace, the Bellagio, Bally's, Flamingo, Planet Hollywood, The Quad, Cosmopolitan etc are all within reach.  The Miracle Mile Shops at PH was my favorite place to spend some time to get away from the outside.Paris in general was a pretty small hotel.  The casino area is tiny, not a lot of choices on dining.  We did do a dinner at the Eiffel Tower Restaurant (more on that in a separate review) but nothing too impressive.  I probably won't stay at Paris again next time I am in Vegas.  Would I recommend it to other honeymooners?  Perhaps.  If they were expecting contemporary, probably not.  Paris needs to rennovate their rooms and decor... it's not 1999 anymore.
4	I got to say, it is easily the best casino and hotel on the strip.I found the dealers a delight.The support and service staff so personable and all in all great quality to the experience.
2	Stayed there this week . Nice property, good buffet, but watch out for all the added charges . Extra fees ala the airlines for early check in, late check out, the $20 daily resort fee covers only one device for wifi Internet, other devices cost 15 each per day. They nickel and dime you to death here. The housekeeper didn't show up til 4 pm, the pool lounge chairs were in disrepair. Maybe Paris/Ballys Should take Some of those extra fees they are collecting above the room cost and repair the pool chairs and hire more maids so the room will be cleaned before 5 pm!This is a nice hotel, could be 4 stars easily, but greedy and ineffective management reduced it to 2 stars so people are forewarned that the additional gouging fees are coming and you dont get shocked. In this Ballys hotel, you're not a guest, your a TARGET! We will go elsewhere next trip. No more Ballys houses for us!
2	Paris Las Vegas, What a disappointment!  All was going well until we came back from a show and the parking structure at Paris was full and we were rudely told we could not park in our own hotel structure and that we had to park all the way to Planet Hollywood. Which was far for walking distance and we were so tired.  By the way we were not allowed in a parking structure that was full but yet had tons of cars coming out of it AND the guy was rude. wow..why? I believe in treating people how you want to be treated and I doubt these workers want to be treated that way on their vacation. So we go ahead and speak with a manager named Sebastian at the front desk and state our concerns... I am saying names so you all know this is a true story. Sebastian gave us a look like "I just work here" and the "well I can't do anything even though I am a manager" talk. He tried to pawn us off on some 800 hotline, like that was gonna help. He really didn't care. I get it Sebastian that you probably hear it up to your ears all day about complaints but what about us happy go lucky people that really deserve to be heard and feel that yes, great customer service does exist?  Just reliving that whole experience after we stayed an extra night for 100 dollars plus resort fees is just so unbelievably tragic to understand how you had no consideration for us. Let me not forget to mention that we fell asleep waiting for room service and that when it finally did arrive, my salad was so bad in taste it scarred me to ever like bacon again..BACON..bacon is sacred and now I don't care for it because your bacon dressing was not appetizing. The tower was cool.....at a price. I had to at least say something nice.
2	Hotel room prices were pretty high all across the board the weekend of our stay so we picked Paris as it wasn't as expensive as our usual favorite hotels to stay at.  Turned out to be not my cup of tea for so many different reasons.First of all it is very difficult making a right turn into the hotel because cars pulling into the hotel share the same light as pedestrians - and there are throngs of them at all times!  Be prepared to sit in traffic and wait.  Better yet make a left turn into the hotel from the opposite side of the Strip.I like to feel that wow factor from the moment I check in to a hotel to when I check out.  I certainly did not feel that vibe in the hotel registration area.  There was nothing grand about it and I certainly could not feel it with the clientele there (think fried 80's style perms).  Then there's the rooms.  We reserved one of the updated Red Rooms but my hotel room at the Hampton Inn for a work trip was even nicer.  The hotel, even with the renovation, just screamed old, and the rooms were small.  Bathroom towels were thin and rough and many of them were dirty.  In addition the only mirrors were in the bathroom - not female friendly :pWorst of all: cobblestone on the casino floor leading up to the guest elevators.  Talk about not being female friendly!  Hard enough to walk on that kind of floor in flats so imagine high heels!  The good thing about the hotel is its location (if you are walking).  Was easy to get to Planet Hollywood, Cosmopolitan, and Bellagio where we did a lot of our eating and shopping.  Also, Sugar Factory is right there and they have good food and good celebrity spotting at times.  (Heard good things about Gordon Ramsay Steak but didn't eat there on that trip.)  Can say we tried it but we won't be staying there again.
3	Good location, the room was fairly nice. Overall, A OK. Nice cafes inside as well, decent food.
4	Great Hotel! Centralized location on the strip, and the staff are very friendly. Stayed in the Nice(neece) suite. it was spacious and very pretty. Try to get a room on the 33rd floor and enjoy the view no matter which way your looking.
1	They block cell signal, unless you pay a premium charge, there is no coffee maker in the room.  They said to walk to Bally's to get coffee!  You pay extra for wi fi in the room.  What a loser hotel.  Rooms are small.   They exist for the convention trade only.  Seriously don't waste your money to stay here.  There are cheap hotels that at least give you coffee and don't block cell service.
2	I stayed here in 2005.  I loved it.  Easy to get around, great pool etc.  My recent visit loved the food, pool, casino and staff.  My room was so dated.  My ref rig hummed all night.  The mattress was a Fred and Ethel Mertz style.  Baseboards, paint, decor all needs a makeover.  I can not believe a hotel would allow itself to get so run down.  Not worth the money i paid at all.  Next!!
4	My boyfriend and I were searching for a reasonably-priced hotel in the center of the Strip, and Paris was exactly what we were hoping for.  We stayed May 27-31, 2013. The room itself was pretty standard - nothing nicer than a typical Comfort Inn really.  We were on the 10th floor - I'm sure some of the upgraded rooms are nicer.  The casino was nice, although nothing special compared to the rest of the Strip.  There are lots of dining options in the hotel - the buffet was FABULOUS!  There's also a creperie, a sandwich/pizza shop, convenience store, etc.  The pool is really nice as well - really relaxed and wasn't very crowded during our stay.I give the room itself 3 stars, and the overall experience of staying at the hotel 4 stars.  The location simply cannot be beat - you're right in the middle of all the action on the Strip.  Note:  Beware of the resort fee of $20/night.  Unfortunately, all the Vegas hotels seem to charge some type of fee, so it's probably not avoidable.
1	Worst place I've ever stayed on the strip. Rooms were mundane and the walls were as thin as cardboard. But hey, got to listen to the neighbor's  radio for free well past midnight. Their restaurant did capture the French spirit. Service was super slow and snooty as a Frenchman! I won't ever stay here again, and would recommend all my friends to find a much better place to stay.
2	We were so excited to stay at the Paris. Every trip we make to Vegas we eat at Mon Ami Gabi and watch the Bellagio fountains. I had such high expectations for this place, I guess you get what you pay for (we booked at $57 per night). I was terribly disappointed that there was an early check in fee even though our room was ready and it was 1:30pm. When we learned that Paris was adding resort fees we were happy to know that since we booked prior to the fees being initiated they would be waived; however perks associated with the resort fees were also waived. No wifi!Our room was on the 22nd floor overlooking the parking lots :(The walls were banged up and we only had 2 large towels. The photos make the Paris pool look beautiful. That photographer deserves a prize. The pool is small and 3/4 of the pool chairs on the deck are broken.I'm not sure if the Paris is hurting financially, if so not amount of resort fee or perk will entice me to return.
5	We decided to celebrate our anniversary in Las Vegas this year and my thoughtful fella booked us a room at The Paris. We had a really wonderful experience. I was surprised by the level of service we received from everyone starting with the valets all the way up to the concierge. Every single person we dealt with was helpful, courteous & kind.The room itself was lovely with a nice big bathroom. It had a nice-sized vanity, large tub & free standing shower. The view of the Strip was just beautiful at night. We ate in a few of the restaurants there & had a great time. Mon Ami Gabi in particular was delightful & had excellent specials. I probably had 4 crepes at the little crepe cafe while we were there too - don't miss them.I had zero complaints honestly. The staff was amazing, the food was delicious & the room was just right. We didn't spend a mint but I definitely felt like we had a luxurious vacation. We'll definitely be back.
2	Just trying out new hotels on the strip.  So far my ratings go as follows:1. Bellagio - Very Nice, but also very pricey.2. New York, New York - comfortable and you don't even need to leave the hotel.  It has everything you need here.3. Excallibur - Been a long time, but I remember that it was a pretty decent place.4. Bally's - Can you believe it... for as old as it is, it beat out the Paris.  Better spa, better pool area and the pool was not as frigid as the Paris.5. Paris - The tower was cool, but not cool enough for me to spend $19 per person to just go to the top.  Also, the pool was extremely frigid.  Everyone that was getting into the pool, was also getting out right away, or just dipping their feet in.  Even on one of the 100+ degree days the pool felt like iceberg water.  They did have good drinks at the casino bar, and the rooms were standard.
3	Overall rating is more like a 3.5 stars out of 5.Now I know with all the reviews I've posted about the different restaurants and places I visited while in Vegas it was only a matter of time before I posted a review about where I laid my head while in Vegas. Well YC Paris Las Vegas was the winner for my first time trip.Okay first I'm going to discuss the check-in process. Now the check-in process was quite smooth, as long as you have the card used to book the hotel and photo Identification. But the thing I didn't care was their $25 plus tax early check-in fee that is applied to the final room charges if you decide to check-in early, which my wife and I did, because we didn't want to be sitting around waiting since we got in earlier than expected. Sigh.Just so you know they do allow smoking in the casino area. I personally don't have anything against smoking but I just don't like it when my clothes smell like smoke, I hope that Paris gets whatever MGM Grand has because whatever they have you can barely smell smoke in that casino.Okay now I'm going to discuss the actual room. I was a bit disappointed when I entered our room because since I payed additional money to get the next upgraded room I assumed that our room would be that much better from there standard rooms. However, I mistaken, although the room was quite spacious it honestly didn't feel like much of an upgrade. Also I felt that I was a bit misguided by their website because this upgraded room was suppose to have an all red lips love seat but when I entered the room this thing was brown. Not what I was expecting at all. The decor of the room did match the theme of the hotel (Which by the way is pretty cool. People were taking pictures of the decor of the main casino area because of the Paris decor) but I felt it still needed some sort of mild makeover.Some of the things I did like were that the rooms were cleaned everyday. Also the maids were quite patient with us being that we would always leave out of the room later than the maids expect so they would always ask us if we would like our room cleaned, and if so how long my wife and I needed to get ourselves together. No matter if it was 30 minutes or 1 hour they would return after that to clean our room. Also the our room itself was in an excellent location because not only was the view of Las Vegas Nevada breathtaking from our room but it is also right across the street from the Ballagio and if you are lucky enough like we were you could see portions of the Ballagio water show from the room. In addition to that I enjoyed that our hotel was connected to Bally's because, that hotel housed two restaurants that I enjoyed visiting and would absolutely visit again when I go back and they are Le Burger and the Tequila Bar.I think Paris is a decent hotel and I would go back again but I will make an effort to try other hotels before making this the hotel of choice when visiting Vegas.
3	Its just a casino hotel that needs updating. The only reason it gets three stars is because its in a good location on the strip. You can walk to alot of the other hotels from the Paris hotel. We were greeted in our room by the clogged bathroom sink which they fixed without us asking. I think they realized it when they cleaned our room. The bed, pillows and towels are not that comfortable. The pool area needs an upgrade. So many of the pool area chairs are broken and people are always looking around for a chair that works. The gym was nice and the staff were nice as well. Gordon Ramsey Steak is located in the casino which is a great addition. I also love Mon ami Gabi for breakfast. Paris needs a little work buts its still ok. If you want a spectacular room this is not the place for you.
4	My husband and I stayed at Paris for a short trip.  The room was beautiful and the service at the front desk was really friendly.  Paris was one of the nicer casinos on the strip and I recommend it!
2	Nice hotel but false advertising with the offer of wifi (part of 'resort fee'). No wifi available... Get with the times Paris.. Don't pay that fee if u come here... Get with it, Paris!
4	We've stayed here twice, once in a "red room" and another time in your standard basic rate room. Both times we received friendly service, easy check in and out, and the rooms were comfortable with nice views of The Strip. The hotel itself has plenty of garage parking and has a good location on The Strip for easy walking distance to many attractions and other casinos.
4	Loved my stay here! My friends and I stayed in a room with a great view of the pool, their Eiffel Tower and some of the strip (which is great for taking pictures in front of).- Nice View, right on The Strip - Ability to walk right to Bally's - They have a club called Chateau within the hotel ( which has a rooftop lounge and a dance floor.) As you check in, they usually give you free passes with each guest. - There's little eateries in there such as a crepe place and a pizza shop. The pizza place is okay, nothing amazing. - There's also a buffet, which is pretty good. Their desserts are off the hook though.
3	I really enjoyed my stay here over this last weekend, we had an amazing view of the tower and the strip. Room was clean and comfortable and a good size.   I do wish there was a place to hook up music however. My one big complaint was the spa, mainly customer service. They would not give us a tour, gave us the excuse it is clothing optional. I stayed at Hard Rock as well as Bellagio and they were happy to give us a tour. To top it all off have the amenities, steam shower and jaccuzi were under repair. Oh but you can use our sister hotels facilities next door. We asked if their facilities were in working order, then at that point they mentioned they thought something there was down there too. I had amazing service at the other spas, they were all about customer service.
5	Great room! 26th floor and overlooking the Eiffel Tower and the Bellagio.
3	My husband seemed to like this casino, but I got a creepy vibe from it that I cannot completely understand. I feel like its a ton overrated, however I was super impressed by the Eiffel Tower - they did an amazing job with that.  I didn't appreciate the booty shaking girls on stage nor the hooker-esk ensembles they made the cocktail girls wear, much less classy then MGM, Bellagio & Caesars.. just saying [yeah I know its Sin City, im not an idiot- and NO thats not why my husband liked it better then me]. I thought they had a weak selection of tables and slots.. nothing really interested me! meh.
1	I just spent a weekend here at the Paris hotel and casino. I've stayed here in Las Vegas before in many different hotels and this is by far the WORST one. I mean I am talking about absolutely horrible service. The staff here is extremely rude with no customer service skills. I had called down stairs at 2 am to have a remote control delivered up to my room because it was missing one. The housekeeping staff failed to deliver one, instead, they decided to barge into my room at 6:00 AM TO GIVE ME MY REMOTE. WHAT THE ****! My mother & her friend were also staying here on the same floor a door down. Housekeeping had managed to clean my room but had not cleaned my mothers room for a full day. When my mother called down stairs for some service the housekeeping maids arrived at their room with complete attitude asking what they wanted done. FOR STARTERS... THE WHOLE ROOM WHAT ELSE?! Ridiculous! IT GETS WORSE! ONE hour later.. five security guards come knocking at my mothers friends room and demand her to leave instantly, because the maid reported that she had thrown something at her. CRAZY!!! After completely badgering my mothers friend.. She packed up her belongings and was forced to leave at 1 am in the morning. She was banned from the hotel. She was not even allowed to explain to the security department that NOTHING like that happened and the maid was probably only pissed off because they had complained to the house keeping department. My mother and her friend then left and stayed at a different hotel for the night. Worst hotel, horrible service, and rude employees. NEVER STAY HERE EVER.
2	Not worth it!Overall:Housekeeping, very nice.Front Desk service= ugh...Gordon Ramsay Steak= AMAZINGRoom Service= SatisfactoryHotel keeping your non-smoking request= not a big priority for them.My husband and I are frequent Vegas tourists-- we usually go an average of 3 times a year for a little R&R and we usually stay 2 or 3 nights and do most of the typical Vegas tourist things.  We've stayed at a lot of places in Las Vegas and we won't be coming back here for sure.We booked through Paris Las Vegas' website and booked two NON-SMOKING rooms for us and our friends for two nights Thursday-Saturday.  We got into town at about 8pm and got in line to check in.  The line was a bit longer, but it was fine.  We get up to the desk to check in and they were completely out of non-smoking rooms... we even had a DEPOSIT in on our rooms and they didn't do anything to make us feel better about it.  We tried to be good sports about it and we took the smoking rooms-- they put us on a list to get a different room for the next night and that's all they would do to accommodate us.  The rooms were totally GROSS.  We woke up feeling gross and like there was smoke remnants all through our hair.  My eyes felt crusty in the morning and I totally had ash in my nose-- SUPER NASTY.  We could see the dust (or ash) floating around in the room... ugh.The next day we came back to switch rooms... we couldn't get into the new room until 4pm the next day.  I was disappointed that they didn't offer to upgrade us to a better room with non-smoking since we had been very specific that we didn't want a smoking room.  They clearly over book the hotel for non-smoking and then they do everything on a first come, first serve basis.  This must be very common for them too because the people at the front desk almost saw this as a routine and were totally expressionless when giving us the news that we wouldn't be getting what we had reserved with our deposit.  Once we were in the new non-smoking room, it was cleaner in the air, but it was still Paris Las Vegas... The bathroom was nice and clean, but not as glitzy or exciting like other places we've stayed.  The linens are starting to show their wear and tear and some of the towels smelled bleachy.  The bed was fine, but nothing spectacular.  The housekeeping people are nice though.  Room service is fine, but nothing amazing.  Their portions are pretty good though and they were right on time for what they quoted.The rest of the hotel is nicer though-- Gordon Ramsay Steak was amazing and the casino is still pretty nice.  The bakery there is also very good and we enjoyed getting crepes there too.We won't be staying here again... Booking a room here means that you'll get a room but it might not be exactly what you want.  I'd come back to eat at Gordon Ramsay Steak anytime, but that's probably the only thing that would bring me back to Paris Las Vegas.
2	Just got back from a 5 day stay.  I go to Vegas once a year, and this is the 3rd time I've stayed here.  I've had decent experiences here in the past.  This time was different.I'll start out with the "fees".  I guess everyone wants to be an airline nowadays, and try to hide what it really costs to use their product.  In addition to the cost of our room, there was a $20/day non-optional resort fee, and $15 early check-in fee We were an hour early at 3pm - we opted just to wait an hour and come back for our keys rather than pay the extra $15.  I question the logic of making me leave the blackjack table to go back to the front desk a 2nd time in an effort to stick me for an extra $15, but hey, it's not my hotel.The additional $20 non-optional resort fee includes access to the fitness facility and internet.  Since I planned to use neither of these things during my vacation, I would have preferred to be able to "opt out", or simply pay for these items as I chose to use them.  Since you can't, this isn't a "resort fee", it's part of the room cost.  No, the $20 resort fee or $15 check-in fee aren't going to break me, but they're just irritating.  For the life of me, I don't know why hotels want to join the ranks of airlines in finding new ways to irritate the crap out of their customers.The hotel is ok.  It's located in the middle of the strip, so it's convenient.  The restaurants are all good.  The pool is nice, and set up well.  The casino is laid out well, and the tables priced about average.The staff is just...well...rude.  There's no other way to put it.  The girl at the check-in desk was rude.  The cashier in the cage was rude.  The waitress at the pool was way beyond rude.  I will say the dealers were nice though, and the housekeeping staff went out of their way to be nice, and kept the rooms clean and well serviced.This hotel is starting to show it's age.  The beds are starting to show wear.  They took the old refrigerators out of the rooms this year and replaced them with smaller units, but the carpets have stains where the old refrigerators used to be.In my previous stays I probably would have given this resort 4 stars, but this trip it was definitely lacking.
5	Nice ,clean,close to everything. Had a great time.
2	This is a review of the pool area only because I haven't been inside the hotel. The pool is lame. It is freezing. I do mean freezing! The only time this would be nice is when it is 110+, but I was there on a 103 day and it was way too cold. We rented a cabana and were highly disappointed. They are so far away from the pool and the rest of the stuff going on that you have to take a fairly long walk. It is basically a tent with a concrete floor ad a ceiling fan. They advertised that you would have drinks and food included in the price of the cabana. They also advertised a waitress to get you all of these things. Well not the case. Some guy comes by and gives you a fruit basket with fruit that is about to go bad. The drinks that were included were 10 small water bottles (8oz). Also not included in the price, but charged to you when you check out is 18% gratuity. This doesn't go to the girl who comes by once every hour to check and see if you need anything for extra charge it actually goes to the guy who brought by the fruit who you see once. The girl who comes by every hour or less, otherwise known as your "waitress" asks if you need anything. She won't bring you food or drinks from the pool cafe, but she will take your money from bringing you alcoholic drinks from inside. Also, if you want food that is actual food instead of snacks you have to order from room service.Basically the experience was not good at all. I will not go back. Go get a cabana at the Monte Carlo or the Cosmo, but don't go here.
2	I have stayed at this hotel several times and had some mixed comments but never posted them.  This last trip-- well i am not going to stay there again.  Let me tell you what my issues were with this hotel. Things are going downhill at this place. 1) Pillows were small and hard--- sore neck. Bed was old and bulged in center.2) Could not get water hot enough to enjoy shower 3/3 days. 3) Internet was slow and intermittent. I called the desk--- was put on hold for over 10 min. Called back and a maintenance person came to the room and explained the wireless system was quite old and wireless routers only on every other floor. So not only was signal week--- if in heavy use very slow. He said he would make sure I would have internet charges reversed.. Of course at check out he had never made a note of it and they had no record of him coming to the room (they claim all service calls are noted). 4) Ate one meal in the main breakfast restaurant. Was not that crowded. SErvice was not only slow but they brought us the wrong order.. the bill was incorrect.  etc etc.  It is unfortunate because the lobby is nice and it is a nice place to play cards or slots or whatever you fancy.  Dealers were generally friendly. Good location on the strip.
3	Paris, France isn't what it used to be and neither is the "Paris" hotel. Still, when I see the Arc de Triomphe replicate, my heart flutters as fondly as ducks on a pond. #poetry
5	We decided to give it one more go since we often dine at 2 of the restaurants in this hotel.  This time the front desk person was extremely pleasant and asked if we wanted to take the suite upgrade I felt a bit uneasy as the last time they tried to charge us more for the exact room we booked telling us it was an upgrade.  She explained the upgrade features and costs and we went ahead and did it. When we arrived in our room it was perfect and exactly as she described.  The woman at the front has made us believers in the hotel again and has gotten our business back.
2	Paris used to be a beautiful hotel but when you're not in the main casino area with the shops and tables, you can tell that they've let the place get run down. I've stayed at Paris years ago and remember it being a much cleaner than it is now. I stayed recently over the weekend and the hotel room was pretty disgusting. There was hair on the floor, the sink was backed up, and the shower was dingy and dirty, one of the beds had very small dark spots/stains on the sheets as well. Also, the beds were very uncomfortable and worn out!Other items:Food - The food is ok, nothing to write home about. Their buffet is probably their saving grace but it does not stack up against the newer places like Wicked Spoon and Caesar's. Casino - Didn't spend too much but they have at least all the basic tables and slots, but it is much smaller than other placesEntertainment - Did not watch anything this time so I can't commentPool - Didn't go into it but it's incredibly small compared to other places When you take a vacation, you expect to go to a nice, clean and relaxing environment and not go somewhere where you wish you were back home in a nice clean bed. Sorry Paris, you were a huge disappointment and I would never recommend you until you fix all of the problems.
2	Cons:  They screwed up my bill even though I carefully questioned them at check out and called them twice on the day I left to make sure that i wouldn't have my roommates charges on my bill.  I just received my visa bill, and guess what, not only was my half of the room bill on there but the ENTIRE bill for her and my stay.  I was more than double billed.Super crowded hotel, very congested.  Not my choice since it was a convention.Price was not worth it.  Bed was hard.  View of nothing but a roof top and a wall.Catered food by hotel was not worth the price.  Wait staff was rude - took away my food even though I wasn't finished eating, more than once!I'm not sure but I don't think the free part of the TV worked for us.Pros:  Quiet, food in the restaurants was usually good and prices were not bad but wait time at the restaurants was usually long.Empty mini fridge was great.Ironing board and iron.
4	The casino/hotel: Very crowded, congested hotel/casino for sure. I had trouble walking the narrow 'replica of a street in Paris' with the plastic-feeling floors, which seems like they would pose quite a problem for anyone walking heels. Also, the gambling floor is mostly slots.The room was ok, but our shower was awful. The water could never get hot enough and I could barely wash my hair in the water pressure, which was extremely weak. So bad. Also, I've never actually been to a Vegas hotel that had a lock on the door - is this in case someone ODs in the bathroom or something? I don't get it. At least the room came with a mini-fridge, and the beds were an OK size.Don't expect to get any cell reception or WiFi in this place. I felt like I was cut off from the entire world. It was awful.I didn't dine in the hotel at all so I can't really tell you about that, but the pastries in the little cafe looked delicious. Coffee menu looked expensive and bland, they had some cheap hot chocolate machine behind the counter. I really wanted to try Mon Ami Gabi but didn't get the chance to. I can tell you that all my friends bragged about Gordon Ramsay Steak being delicious and the name of the restaurant was a running, albeit immature/not-all-that-funny joke the entire weekend. "Uhm, excuse-eh me, it's not 'Gordon Ramsay SteakHOUSE', it's 'Gordon Ramsay Steak'." If you don't feel like shelling out the big bucks for some beef wellington, head on down to the conveniently located Planet Hollywood. You can have Gordon Ramsay's Burgr for reasonable prices like $14 per, if you can stomach staring at the pictures of him around the restaurant.The concierge was very friendly and accomodating, without seeming fake.Overall an OK experience. I've only bumped it up a star because it was in a pretty decent spot on the strip to reach other things by foot. It's closest to Planet Hollywood, but you can trek up the stairs and down towards The Flamingo and get in some roulette.
4	We went to Paris this summer. Great hotel if you want to be in a middle of everything and don't want to pay crazy money.  We got really nice Red Room, Clean, beautiful room with up to date  furnishing. We didn't planed to spend lots of time in a room so we were totally fine with mountains view from our windows.  The rest of the hotel looked to me little bit touristy so we spent lots of time visiting  hotels in an area. We are young and love sophisticated parties Cosmopolitan will be our next trip choice.
4	Didn't stay here, just visited.Eiffel tower ride was great, casino staff was great, food just OK, but they do have the fastest most professional Valet parking in Vegas.
4	We were given a room on the 19th floor overlooking the pool, strip and could see the Bellagio fountain show, great spot! The room was very clean and had everything we needed! We were in town for a conference that was at the Paris, the conference facilities were great, including the bars, restaurant and staff. Recommend this hotel!
4	gorgeous exterior of the building and the interior was nicely kept!
1	This was a great hotel couple years ago, now is the redneck paradise.Hanging banners from all the walls of the pool "5 cheap beers for 34 dollars", a classy detail from the Paris management. Beer bottles floating on the pool.Rooms are dirty, old and furniture destroyed.Before you book here, do some research, some weekends are crazy expensive without any reason.
3	Hotel is very expansive and has a lot variety in shops and restaurants on the premises. The pool is very unique.  Staff was very nice and helpful.  Checkin took a bit but to be expected.  Only two downsides, the Internet was very slow during the day and we got hacked when we were there and be careful of a food credit to bill, only certain premises restaurants accepted the credit
1	We stayed at this hotel last July 19 for 3 days. We called the front desk if we get billed if we  use the wifi and  the lady said "NO". To my surprise, when we checked out they billed me for the use of wifi for 2 days. The signal sucks that u could not even get good connection. I complained but my complains fell on deaf ears. I'm not going to check in to this hotel AGAIN!
2	I am local Las Vegan and I have rarely gone inside the Paris. Perhaps I've popped in once or twice, but never have I stayed here and I have never heard much said about the place, save for the restaurants. I ended up coming here because I was having lunch with friends at Mon Ami Gabi.I'm giving two stars because just from walking around inside the casino it was pretty "meh".First off, the parking garage is horrible and is shared between Bally's and Paris. It's hard to get to, it's annoying to navigate, and it's placement is not helpful. Secondly I really dislike it when casino's parking garages push you out into a long hallway you have to walk down in order to get to the actual casino. Whoever decided it would be a great idea to put a long, cobble walkway between the garage and the casino floor... well, let's just say, not the brightest architectural genius out there. The signage, although cute like little street signs, makes navigation throughout the casino hard. I found myself walking all the way up to the little signs and making circles around them in order to read where they were all pointing and what they were all pointing to. The sign for Mon Ami Gabi is non-existent until you get right in front of the restaurant and by that time you've found the place out of sheer luck anyway. The casino itself is somewhat out-dated. I could definitely see room for improvement and renovation. I realize casinos on the strip age quickly, especially when newer ones burst onto the scene (IE: Cosmo, Aria, etc.), but that's just the way it goes. Paris should consider a new idea and get rid of the damn cobblestone flooring.
1	The worst hotel on the strip unless you enjoy poor service, an extremely slow check Ballys gaming company, who operates the hotel.. It took 48 minutes to check in. I would stay at an MGM or WYNN property before ever staying here. I have a laundry list of issues from starting up the iron to iron my clothes and it not working. 45 minutes later getting a replacement to getting water from the hall way vending machine for $3.00 and it not dispensing water. I called the front desk and they state, sorry, we can't help you. Worst hotel on the strip bar none.
4	The casino floor is nice. The layout is easy to get around with the street post signs pointing you in the right direction. The night club seem to be hopping. Beautiful ladies and guys lining up to get in the place all night long. The view from the Eiffle tower has a must see view.
4	My husband and I stayed during the 4th of July weekend and it was a nice stay. We had out dogs with us and they had a blast. The only thing I didn't like was the hassle of taking them to the bathroom. There was no patch or outside area for dogs to go to the bathroom on our floor. They have a designated area for dogs but it's small and hidden by construction. It was really hot so sometimes my dogs didn't want do their business because their paws would burn on the artificial grass. The area was on the bottom floor so we had to walk through the casino a bunch of times and it's hard to carry them across the entire casino sometimes. I'm allergic to the smell of cigar and cigarette smokes, so that was not fun to walk through every time. I have never been to Vegas and was afraid to go because of all the smoking. But my friends reassured me it has gotten better. But when I went it was still pretty bad. It was worse when we went because it was so hot and humid that the smell rises and makes it 100 times more unbearable. I had to cover my mouth and nose a bunch of times...note to self, stay away from the strip. Other than the complications, it was a great stay, great service.
3	I Was there from Thursday to Sunday. I cannot complain about the price - since the room was ordered from an agency outside of the country - and it was half price of what I found online. (Vegas.com, Expedia, hotels.com). The location of the hotel - 5 stars - right In the best part of the stripCasino - 5 stars. Professional dealers and plenty of games. Food - 2 stars. No Starbucks in The hotel. No 24/7 restaurant. You have to walk all the way to Bally's to grab a slice of pizza or subway at 3 am when you really need it . . The room - 2.5 stars  - the bed - horrible. Springy and cheap. Felt really bad ony back. (I am 31 years old , not 75 - and still it was bad) For some reason they decided to locate the tv away from the bed - so it's not convenient to watch from the bed. The room was clean and felt expensive. But I wouldn't expect anything else from a hotel that is on the strip. Average - 3 stars. I would come back again because its a good value fort vacation. I must also state that I have been in Vegas many times and for someone who is there for the 1st time - the hotel would probably be amazing. ;-)
4	give me my rooms.. will all the money i lost here shit.. u should name a floor after me..
5	This review is only for the bars and ambiance of the Paris Las Vegas.  We were walking down Las Vegas Blvd and tucked into the Paris for a drink.  The bartenders were awesome and very liberal with the amounts of alcohol they put in the drinks.  The bartenders were very friendly and hospitable.  It almost made me want to change my accommodation locations.....almost. Nearby the bar, there were go-go dancers performing above several blackjack tables.  In addition, there was a very good house band playing classic dance tunes.  The machines were give and take, and the quick food spots were reasonably priced.
4	Our group loves the Paris. The experince in this hotel is unforgetable and the Casinos are fair. The sleeping rooms are clean which is important when you take family.The food is very expensive  so eat offsite.Oh yeah its good to become a VIP Diamond Club memember this way you can skip the lines. Same thing with all Caesars properties.
5	Great service. Clean, elegant.Very comfortable beds :)
4	By far my one of my favorite hotels on the Las Vegas strip.  Clean and pristine room comfortable beds and linens.  The replica of the Eiffel Tower is always a nice sight...but at night, it becomes spectacular.  The only negative thing I have to say is, I really hate the faux cobblestone streets - they're not good to walk while sober or after  drinking.  I hated the real things cobblestone streets in Paris and really REALLY hate the faux ones at this hotel/casino...but when you're sticking to a Parisian theme, I guess it's OK.
4	This place was amazing ... that being said the pool area needed some updates, the ventilation system in the meeting rooms needs attention. Too smokey for me. The reooms were great and I am glad we had our meeting here.
5	Fantastic French dip and service!
4	On my top 10 list of strip hotels to stay at.  Everyone is very friendly and felt very comfortable.  The machines paid out for me, so that's an added bonus.   Only thing I would say slightly negative is that there are some employees (not all) that need to be more attentive and put a smile on their face.  Don't just walk past people and ignore them...at least say, "I'll be right with you..OR...I'll send somebody your way."  That's about it.  Oh...and the water pressure in the showers need to go up a bit.
2	This hotel is far better looking from the outside. The casino floor isn't very inviting, nor was I impressed with the buffet. That's all I have to say about that.
4	Located footsteps from the strip, this hotel is the perfect location for anyone looking to be in the center of everything you would want to see and do in Vegas. Luckily my friend was offered an upgrade to the Presidential Suite. With a grand seating area, formal dining room, luxurious bedroom with remote controlled hideaway TV, bath with jacuzzi tub, the suite offered all the amenities to ensure a pleasant and relaxing experience during our three night stay in Sin City.Rooms were spacious and linens were changed out regularly without a hitch.I've heard the standard rooms were a bit dated with tube TVs and in dire need of a renovation, but if you can land a suite or higher, I think the stay here is well worth it.
1	I stayed at the Paris hotel August 2013. The hotel has gone down hill fast. Poor customer service, a 20 resort fee per day at check in. The employees are rude. Stay away.
3	We stayed here this weekend for two nights. We did not pay for the room as my stepmom was able to get it for free. Yay for free rooms! Overall, this place was just okay, I don't think I would try to make reservations here, but if I got another free room, I would take it.We had the Red room, which I have heard is better than the standard room. The room was cute, very modern. The bed was SUPER comfortable for me. I have back problems and usually sleeping on any bed but my own causes me to have back pain in the morning. So I came armed with my magic pills, but never needed to take them. My back felt great all weekend!The bathroom was spacious, I liked all the counter space. The tub was nothing special. The A/C didn't work too well. We like it cold when we sleep and we had it turned all the way down to 68 but there was no way it was any cooler than 78. The room had kind of a musty smell.There is a mini fridge in the room, which we liked since we had leftovers from dinner at Craftsteak. I always hate when we eat there and have to toss the leftovers because our room doesn't have a fridge, so it was nice that we could bring them back.The casino is okay, although pretty small. I got lucky and hit a couple jackpots this weekend (yay!) so I shouldn't really complain about that.The "big" bar on the way to the elevators is actually really small and has zero ambiance. The best part is sitting near the walkway and people watching. I visited the smaller bar in the middle of the casino once and it took forever to get a bartender to help me, even though there were only three other people there.The valet blows. Every time we took our car out we had to wait quite awhile for it. And, you know, it's freakin hot in Vegas. Well they have misters, but they are not turned on. So we were dying waiting for the car. Dropping off was also a hassle, it's like they don't have enough valet people. Maybe they all called out sick this weekend? One of the times we dropped our car off, I am not kidding, we waited 30 minutes for somebody to come take our keys. Ridiculous. Glad we got the room for free, glad the bed was comfy, glad I won some money. But like I said, this place isn't at the top of my list of hotels to stay at in Vegas.
1	Woke up at 4am by next door people talking and we could also hear the music from the nightclub. Very noisy hotel.They charge you for wifi-access ! You are allowed only one device and have to connect only from the room otherwise they charge.. (around 25 per device per 24h)... Of course they don't tell you that!Lots of same price range hotels to stay in LV so I will pick another one next time
1	They have the worst costumer service ever, the manager is so rude. They tell you one thing and lie to you and they charge your credit card extra without informing you . I don't recommend this hotel.
4	This review is soley for the pool. I got a groupon for a pool package for 2, inlcuding 2 beverages. A great deal when you think about it. Each drink is $15 and we got to lounge at a pool that wasn't where we were staying. We stayed at the NYNY and that was great, but this pool was chill, and had the Eiffel Tower staring back at me, it was a diverse crowd (not just 21 year olds) and had music going. It was also open 1 hour later than my own pool.
5	Nice hotel....  Casino is great....  Room amenities good.  2 things broken but were fixed by repair man quickly.  Staff extremely friendly and helpful. Oh yes lets not forget free valet parking
4	love the paris
5	Great location, and always fun!
4	Overall, this hotel is fantastic. Staff is great, lots of high end shops and resturants, and a perfect location on the strip. As for my room, I had an upper floor facing Bellagio and Eiffel tower. Room was clean, but it is showing quite a bit of wear and tear, and I feel that a nice refurbishment is needed. Carpets are starting to get the worn feeling. The room had a flat panel LCD TV with a decent amount of channels. As for the food....I highly recommend the buffet for dinner, but not breakfast (Planet Hollywood for breakfast buffet is better). There is a small crepe shop on the main shopping aisle that is EXCELLENT!!!! Overall, I really liked the Paris hotel, but for my next trip, I may try another hotel, just out of curiosity. One downside is a fairly hefty resort fee of $22 per night, but it does include wi-fi for one device. Additional devices are $15, so it's a bit pricy on that end.
3	The hotel itself is very nice. The rooms are extremely clean. Make sure to ask for a room facing the Bellagio. It's a great view. I only gave it 3 stars though because the front desk staff are extremely rude and condescending. You would think that with so many hotels to choose from they would be friendly but I guess not.
3	I tried to really love the hotel but I didn't. I mean the location was great but we were given a really old room. The wallpaper was peeling in the bathroom, and the tub looked old. Although we had the do not disturb sign on our doors every morning, we still managed to be awakened by our loud speaking maids. This made me cranky and I was supposed t be enjoying this vacation. Our front desk clerk did not tell us there was a resort fee.  We would've utilized the Internet services if we knew.  I like the restaurants and shops at Paris but I'm not so sure I would stay here again.
1	We showed up at 8:30PM. They sold the room we had prepaid for (king/non-smoking) so they said we could have a a double or we could pay $40 extra to upgrade to a king in a bigger room. So, if we wanted to sleep in the same bed, we had to pay $40 extra rather than them upgrading it for free since they sold our room....that we prepaid for. The upgrade was supposed to be a great view of the Bellagio and Eiffle tower. We got an awesome view of the parking lot. Then, the "resort fee" of $20 a day that gets tacked on to the total....it includes one visit to the workout room per day for two people and wireless connection for only ONE device. What?!? Then, we get to our room after dinned, turn on the TV, and it's broken. All we get us CNN. That's it. I called the front desk to talk to someone about it this morning and, while I'm explaining all of this to her, I get, "So, what is your point?" Seriously?!?!! That is customer service at Paris Paris. We will never be back. Ever.
4	This was my first time in Las Vegas so anyone reading this review, keep that in mind.  However, I've stayed in various 4 and 5 star hotels and I think this hotel does a good enough job in comparing well.I'll start with the pros.  The hotel itself is in a very nice location. Right across from the Bellagio and in the center of all the action.  The standard room was actually pretty spacious.  I always judge from the edge of the bed to the TV stand.  Well the TV was mounted over the desk, but there was a armoire unit to hang clothes, drawer space and a small fridge.  But there was good enough walking space in between.  There also is a nice sitting area with Victorian like seating to go with the theme.  The bathroom was very spacious featuring a stall shower and bathtub.  Although the bathtub was small, let's face it - who actually uses it.  The stall was a good size and nice water pressure.  The whole bathroom was decorated very tastefully with marble.  Also, housekeeping was on point.  No matter what time we left our room, even if it was just to get breakfast, as soon as we got back our room was cleaned to perfection.Outside of the room, you've got your standard casinos, restaurants, and the hotel theme featuring the Eiffel Tower and walkways modeled like Paris streets.  It did give you that Parisian type of feeling and all of the food was definitely French-like.  We ate at one of the cafe shops, Mon Ami Gabi and one of the pastry shops.  All good.  We also partied at their club, Chateau, which I think was one of the most awesome places to dance the night away.  it is essentially in the Eiffel Tower, outside.  Great music and cool ambiance.For the cons. While the room was very nice, there was one thing that caught my attention since I could not miss it.  The full length mirror was on the inside of the bathroom door. While most of you may think - So What?  When the door was closed and you are doing your do on the "toilette", you get a nice view of yourself in all your glory.  Now thankfully, I am not shy, but I'd rather be focusing on something else.  However, I got a chance to see what I really look like posed in all of my glory.  I found out that I look like the statue "The Thinker".  So there is a pro in that con, I think??.  In the halls too I noticed dirty glasses sitting there for days, literally.  By day 3, they were finally gone.  Room service was timely, although the food was not that great and expensive as all heck.  For the prices they were charging, I expected much better.  They also wanted to charge $14 for a pot of coffee!!  Now Las Vegas prices are ridiculous in general, but I thought that was extreme.  Also, if you get a room facing the pool expect to hear the booming noise from the club.  The hotel staff expect that you might complain and can give you with ear plugs, but for a 4/5 star hotel, I would expect them to better equip their rooms with sound barriers.  Last thing they could work on is making sure the hall ways and other areas are kept up with any needed repairs.  We noticed a nice hole in one of the walls in the hallways.  I'm sure they are making enough money that that could have been patched up.Other than those cons, I still very much liked the hotel for my first visit.  I personally could deal with those cons because it did not disrupt me enjoying my trip.
5	Excellent service and great hotel. We have a 2 day stay and really enjoyed it.One of the best hotels in LV.The room was very clean and comfortable. 2 bedrooms 3 bathrooms.We liked the breakfast as well.
5	Comfortable, modern, excellent service.  Great atmosphere with smaller casino.
5	Giving five stars to offset bad reviews because my wife and I had a great time here.  We like to party though.  There was some loud music coming from the Cosmopolitan across the street so I can see some early sleepers having a problem.  If you're one of those people then just ask for a room in the back.  I'm sure they will accommodate you.  Personally I love the French theme and the French restaurants in the hotel including a crepe station, small French bistro and another French cafe.  A hamburger with foie gras and caramelized apples?  YES!  If you want to go pricey they do have the Eiffel Tower restaurant and Gordon Ramsay's.  The good:  Right in the middle of the Vegas strip.  You can't get a better location for the price.  You're across the street from Bellagio and Caesar's for half the price.  Also you're connected to Bally's and don't even have to go outside to get there.  That is where the monorail station is and you can go from there to several other casinos without taking a cab which is excellent.  There is a mall there with any needs you might have all within a short walk from the elevator.  I ordered room service at 4am and it was there much faster than I thought it would be and they don't even include a mandatory gratuity, which was nice.  The food was great, eggs benedict and a custom burger with fries...the Vegas experience at it's best.Another fun thing whether you stay here or not is to go up on top of the Eiffel Tower.  It's the best view of the strip you'll see.  It is a small landing on top so there is a wait sometimes, but well worth it.  It's an exact replica of the real Eiffel Tower, just half the size.  If you're freaked out by heights you may not like it but it was one of the more interesting things we did in Vegas.The bad:  This is now one of the middle priced hotels on the strip.  I got a smoking room and the sofa had a couple of burned places on it.  There was a little scribbling on the wall in the bathroom.  It wasn't a big deal to me, but if you want perfection you might want to seek a higher end place.  The room was clean and we had a great view of the strip so that made up for any imperfections.  We really liked the decor of the hotel.  The TV was intermittent and sometimes switched channels on it's own!  We thought it might be someone next door with the same remote though.The casino is very nice and all of the staff I encountered were super nice.  I read other reviews where they described rude staff but I had none of that.  EVERYONE we encountered that worked at the hotel or casino were extremely over the top nice.  We will definitely stay at the Paris again.
1	While this is a pretty hotel, it suffers from a lack of customer service. In fact, the lack of customer care has infected every inch of the hotel.  The housekeeping department services requests for extra bedding items within a brisk 45 minutes to one hour? Although they promise within 20 minutes.The casino mentality is to cater to only the top 1 percent player. Mediocre players, those not at the 7 star level, need not apply.  Why when your only regular cashier window is occupied by a credit transaction, what do you do, yes open more 7 star only cashiers and let us stand  for an extra 20 minutes just to cash in chips.   Valet parking follows the same principal, 7 stars get cars and regular folk sit for at least 30 minutes, in the heat, waiting for their cars.Here is a great idea, patronize those places that provide great service to everyone and leave Paris with only the 7 Star clients and let them see how long they will be around .  I would give them a 0 star but no such rating exists
4	We stayed here last week and we found the hotel to be pleasant,  the pool's view of The Eiffel Tower is amazing , Their outdoor and indoor Jacuzzis Are amazing as well The fitness room is decent  with  complimentary snacks and lemon water The women's locker area & showers were very nice they provide Shaving cream shower gel, shampoo & conditioner,  free razors The had a nice set up with hair dryers flat irons curling iron mousse & hair spray
3	Just stayed here and even though I loved the casino and location, I just couldn't get over the fact that the rooms are so poorly insulated.  You can hear everything thru their walls!  It sometimes literally sounded like the people talking outside the door were in our room.  The beds were oh so comfy, and their curtains really blacked out all light.  I glanced over their room service menu, and it wasn't the greatest.  There was nothing that appealed to me, a very boring and basic selection.  We got amazing customer service from everyone that worked here.  That alone will make me come back, next time I guess I gotta pack ear plugs?
1	Very poor customer service by the front desk manager Jaelee Carlton. If you ever receive any good service that mean you are lucky, or she is not the person in charge at that time.  She even call the security , because she can't handle my complaint , beware of her, she don't even care what I need, she don't want to listen , thank Jaelee  Carlton for ruining my birthday , the room did not clean after I told the room attendant 2 times around 12:00 pm and one time call the housekeeping department around 5:35 pm finally the fourth time I call around 12:00 am , the room attendant finally came to clean the room, but I don't think the Jaelee Carlton she care , I ask where can I go while the lady clean my room ? She said she don't know . She don't sincere to think from my position, why did she care ? She will still get the same pay do what she is doing , she don't even want put extra effort to provide good customer service . I ask her what do you want me to say ? She said she don't know , she said I am the one ask her out from the office and want to speak to her.  From my experience I would like her to apologize to me first , when she first see me after she heard my situation from the front desk clerk , maybe this is just my person opinion , that's why I would like to post this experience on this website to get others opinion on this
5	I really enjoyed my stay here. Lines were long during check in and check out. Tables minimum are $10 and up. I always get lucky in vegas. They put us in a smoking room the first night because they were all sold out but the room did not smell like smoke at all. Than the next night they upgraded us to a strip room view. Pool is awesome right by the tower and a good mix of family and young groups. Overall great hotel to stay in.
4	Didn't stay here, but went to the casino bar for a drink and the bartender there makes a mean dirty martini.
3	I think whether or not you like the Paris depends totally on what you are looking for. The Paris is an upscale hotel/casino with some beautiful architecture, a scale version of the Eifel Tower and a casino floor that is designed to look like, well..... Paris. I love walking through this casino and just checking out all the sights. My only complaint is everything is insanely expensive. We paid $18 for a glass of wine and a domestic beer. I went for a cigar and ended up paying $17 for an average cigar. So if you come here, be prepared to drop some serious cash. That said, it's no more expensive than any other south Strip casinos, so as long as you're prepared for the sticker shock, you'll have a great time enjoying the ambiance.
3	My husband and I just spent the weekend there. This was Mexican Independence Weekend in Vegas and there were a lot of good performers, shows and of course, the boxing match. We are from California and we decided to stay at the Paris as it is centrally located across from Bellagio and a short walk to Caesars. The room we stayed was a  suite in room 729P. It was a great big room--I felt like it was a small apartment. It was comfortable and came with the bare necessities. That is just it--the bare necessities. For the price we paid, it would have been nice to have some robes like many high end hotels offer and a makeup mirror. I was excited to have a vanity,  but the lighting was poor and so I didn't use it. The  safe was on the shelf in the closet and was so high that you cant see inside of it. Not very smart to put a safe so high--what if I was very short person? What if I was elderly and couldnt reach?  I also hate having a sink in my bedroom, it makes me feel like I am staying in a motel rather than a nice hotel. I decided I don't like Parisian decor-- flowery and outdated. We loved the Mon Amie Gabi Steakhouse--highly recommend it. But honestly, the drinks in the casino are watered down --I guess I shouldn't expect a good drink if I am getting it for free while I am gambling. But even at the bar, they didn't have a good bottle of tequila. If you think silver Patron is a good tequila, you don't know tequila. No anejos--not a complete  bar. We went over to Caesars and they did have good tequila--come on, not everyone drinks vodka and gin. But to be fair, the service was very good and always has been when we go to the bar at kiosk.   The workers are friendly.   The Fitness room was well equipped and had water and fresh fruit. Why we have to pay a resort fee to use it-- I don't know. They allowed one device for free WiFI--really, most people have their own device--Get with the 21st Century digital community!    Paris is expensive for what you get.  All in all, stay at the Paris if you want the basics, but high end, not really. It's comfortable and clean.
2	I spent only one night here and then moved to Ceasar's Palace the next day. The room was "clean" and everything. Nothing to complain about for its price and everything. I entered the room, took my flipflops off, opened my luggage to organize my toiletry and makeup bags, went to the bathroom, and then I felt irritation on my right foot below my ankle. Well, well, well, I found a flea-bite looking red bump. Some time later like less than hour, the red bump became bigger and turned into like a blister.This happened on 9/19/13 and today's 9/23/13. The bite is still there, often irritating and tender/sore. I think I'm allergic to dirty carpet???
4	The pizza from the little window pizzeria is yummyEverything from Mon Ami Gabby is yummyDecent rooms and casino floorThe eiffel tower is fun to go up if you've never done it beforeYummy room service as well
3	The rooms are very small but the location of the hotel is great! They put much detail into the rooms to make it Parisian but forgot to consider the blueprints when planning this hotel and the actual sizes of the rooms. The connections to Bally's is convenient and the locations of the casino exits to the sidewalk to the strip is above average. Their valet is one of the best on the strip!
5	I've always loved the Paris. I went up the "Eiffel Tower" during the day. It took awhile to go all the way to the top. The 360 degree view was pretty nice and I'm sure it would look even more amazing at night. This has always been one of my favorite hotels because of the ceiling artwork and building architecture inside. Also, because I love eating at the Le Village buffet and having the all you can eat macroons and crepes! nom nom nom I just love walking through the casino area and admiring the detail designed to look like Paris itself.
4	Great location!! Some hotels and casino give a shit & are happy to have you. This is not one. Beautiful property.
3	Nice place,specially they a have a good choise of restaurants
1	My party of 4 had an unfortunate incident at the restaurant here. Went for breakfast but was told at the hostess stand that there is a dress code for men, no sleeveless shirts! My friend had a very nice sleeveless shirt on, so they offered him a free T-shirt to wear while dining. It was a 3XL wrinkled shirt. He wears size Medium. Ridiculous !! So we left -- and by the way, dress code DOES NOT apply to women!! DISCRIMINATION !!!!!!
4	Watching Bellagio fountains from my window.  I can't believe the hotel would hold a rave while a conference was happening.  The music was shaking my windows.  They should have faced the sound towards the Strip, not the hotel.  Service and food were good.  Enjoyed being a Diamonds Reward Member and getting things free like in the Diamond Lounge and a free trip to the top of the Eiffel Tower.
5	We sat outside overlooking the Fountains at the Bellagio. I ordered the Ham and Cheese Crepe with an over easy egg on top. It was so rich and tasty!  I would definitely order that again. My husband ordered the Smoked Salmon Platter. The salmon was very fresh tasting. The coffee was perfect as were the mimosas. They also have a Bloody Mary bar that we'll try next time. The atmosphere and service were impeccable.
4	When ur looking for a hotel its all about location location location.  Paris hotel is in prime location.  Obvioiusly, not the nicest hotel on the strip but its in the middle of everything...directly across the street from the Bellagio.  It's not really a place for young people as the Chateau night club isn't the most happening spot on the strip.  Poolside is decent...right below the Eifel Tower.  Glass elevator brings you up to the Eifel tower restaurant on its 11th floor....excellent French food...great ambiance...great layout and great view of the Bellagio fountains.  Like I said...the hotel is not the greatest scene of the strip, but a decent place to rest your head considering its in the best location on the strip...in the middle of everything!  Great place for people in their 40's and 50's.
2	A recent stay at Paris reminded me of how much Caesars neglects its properties compared to MGM Resorts. The hotel's location is tough to beat - center strip with a great view of the Fountains of Bellagio. The casino is pretty cool because they haven't dethemed the hell out of the place like MGM has done with Luxor, Treasure Island, NYNY. The reason Paris gets 2 stars from me is because the rooms and common areas are terribly dated. You can keep the old french charm while updating the interior to make the place more modern and appealing. The room, while clean, is lacking any modern day technological touches - you could step into this room in 2001 and it would probably still look the same. I'd like to see some usb ports, motorized curtains, etc. The hotel is definitely geared towards an older crowd (baby boomers +). Overall, I really can't see myself returning here on a regular basis - for the price, I'd go with Planet Hollywood, the Mirage, Monte Carlo, MGM Grand, or Mandalay Bay over Paris any day. **Tip - if you self park, enter off of Audre Street, which is accessible off of Harmon Avenue - the driveway setup at Paris is terrible because people never obey the walk signs for the crosswalk - be prepared to drive aggressively if you ever want to make it into the driveway.
4	Hotel is about 12 years old which is ancient in Vegas time but is in very good shape and you can't beat the location. Price was very reasonable and they have early check in for $15 so you don't have to wait till 3 or 4 pm if you get in at noon. Room was decent size and clean. Everyone on staff was friendly and helpful. Pastry shop was hard to pass up every day and the Eiffel Tower restaurant is truly 5 star. Small enough to navigate around to the shops and restaurants and casino without getting lost like in some of the other hotels.
4	Time to update my last review.  The same points still apply, however since then we've been to the nightclub here a few times, Chateau.  It's a pretty cool place to go and has added a different element to the resort experience here.We've also dined at Mon Ami Gabi a few times as well.  Excellent restaurant with an inside/outside feel.  Dining on the patio is great for people watching.With these new experiences combined with our past experiences, this is one of our fav's to visit on the Strip.Return Factor - 88%
4	I don't know what it is about this place, but I love it. I always win big here on the slots. Last time the first .25 cents I won $50. I imagine my good luck charm here is the gigantic frozen daiquiris in the Eiffel Tower cups. Man, those things are delicious, and will get you nice and drunk. This place is very cheesy, but I love it anyways. No, it's nothing like Paris, but it's still cute, and a fun casino. I know nothing about the hotel, it seems overpriced for the quality. But has a great central location on the strip. I do want to go up in the Eiffel Tower sometimes,I just hope the walk up isn't as much of a pain in the ass as the real Eiffel Tower.
4	Came here to eat at Mon Ami Gabi and walked through the hotel and casino to get there. Parking is easy...just a short walk from the garage to the casino. I didn't stay in the hotel, but the lobby area and casino are nice and of course the view of the eiffel tower is great. My favorite was the restaurant...so see my review of the food there. It's situated right across from the Bellagio so the view of the fountain show is perfection!
4	One of my fave hotels in Vegas even though the inside looks pretty outdated.But the buffet and restaurants inside are really good.  Also, you can get through to Bally's through the "Paris Walk".
2	I love this place, Paris (the actual city) is one of my favorites in the world, and this hotel really does a decent job capturing its essence. Aside from the aesthetics this place is a huge pain in the Brie rind! My cell service is horrible, there is a modem in our room but a $15 per day charge for wifi (not to mention is only available on one device even after paying and horrible service), the cable is shabby and lacking of the most popular basic cable channels, and room service is full of fees and bogus charges. We are here on business and supposed to be given Diamond Club access but it will take them 3-4 days to "process"??? our info? Am I wrong to see that as completely ridiculous? And I know my cell service isn't the hotels fault but if I was allowed wifi I don't think my cell service would be such an issue. I shouldn't have to be dealing w my cell provider while away on business in Vegas. I feel almost trapped and kept from all basic conveniences in order to be lured downstairs into the casino and do not feel that my needs as a guest away from home have been considered at all. Also as stated, being here on business for a full week I would like to take it easy and relax being able to watch regular cable tv as I would back home after a full day of work. I feel at over $150 a night on the Vegas strip that it isn't far fetched to expect what the local Motel 6 offers and some.
1	Hmmm....don't even know where to start from...Me and my husband decided to stay in this hotel for our 2 year wedding anniversary. Huge mistake.As soon as we entered our room, the strong smell ( like cat's urine...no joke) hit us. I turned on the AC and we left our room, 7 hours later we came back. Same strong smell.I could figure out what  was it, because the room was pretty clean. Later I was preparing to go to bed to sleep. I pulled out the duvet and stepped behind the bed next to the wall, and the carpet was all wet. Wow. That's why there was that smell. I don't even know what it was. Probably a sink water leakage behind the wall.Nasty. I made a reservation 3 month prior for a standard room with a king size bed and we got a room with 2 queens. Seriously?  The beds were awful. Mattresses and pillows were extra firm. You don't deserve to be called "Paris"
2	Ugh. They added a "mandatory" internet fee of $22 on to my room bill and then the internet didn't work. They also make the self check-out process pretty complicated, and I suspect the are waiting for you to slip up so they can tack on some more charges. I know this is Vegas, and that is what they do, but it pissed me off. The concierge/check in has a huge line and you have to wait forever. The room was fine. I guess it was priced ok for Las Vegas- about $120. The bathroom was nice. The casino itself was pretty cool, with all the Parisian elements. But man, that mandatory internet fee is terrible. I would probably stay elsewhere next time.
1	If the show extreme makeover hotel edition is looking for a project, the Paris Hotel in Las Vegas should be the pilot episode.  We stayed only one night last week because it was beyond gross.  Here is a short list of the problems that must be addressed:Huge stain in carpet near our bedMolded grout in the bathroomFaint lipstick stain on drinking glasses in the bathroomCigarette burn in the sheets If our client had not paid for our room in advance, we would have checked out and stayed somewhere else for the single night.  Do.  Not.  Expect.  To. Be. Impressed.
4	Good Spa, good quality food, good rooms ... Not the Ritz, but a great value...Wish I had won in the casino!! LOLEnjoy this Hotel!
4	I haven't stayed here but it's one of my favorite Vegas resorts to walk around. I love the themed decor (like you are strolling around the streets of Paree) and the views of the Strip from the Eiffel Tower are fantastic! If you time it right, you can even watch the Bellagio's fountain show from up there.
5	I can't understand why anyone could have anything bad to say about Paris. Just came home from a trip to Las Vegas and our stay here was great. I have nothing to complain about. The staff and service was exceptional, our room was very nice and the ambiance and Parisian theme was lovely. It's a great location on the strip and the views from the Eiffel tower are awesome!  I would definitely stay there again!
2	Skip-able. Tacky. Loud. Skip.
3	This is for the Casino only as I've not stayed in the hotel.The casino floor is alive with the sounds of bells and whistles, the whirl of a thousand different lights and the cheers of people from everywhere. To me, it was, really, just another pretty casino.  I liked the attention to detail, loved how the ceiling was painted in the soft blues with the cloud cover, to appear like a spring time day.  Of course, since you can't really tell what time it is, you spend So much more money.The slots?  Well, they weren't terribly loose, but I did fine a machine or two who liked me. I found a few more who really resented me. *chuckles.* That's Ok though, I went in with money to burn.  I also played roulette for the first time, having been given an assingment from a friend.  When I placed my bet (Black 4, $10) One of the other players put his token there too. *grin* Saying that if I'd been told to do it, there must be something to it. Sadly, we both lost our bet. :) That's ok, I get lunch out of the deal when I get home. All in all, I found the casino floor to be nice, if convolutedly laid out.  I think that the person who designs them needs to spend more time on FLOW. The shops at the back were nice, I noticed that many of the shop keepers seem to have "french" accents. I could be wrong.
3	We had to add an extra night to our vegas vacation due to weather in dallas. We decided to move to the paris from mandaly bay  to try something mid strip. My wife is a big fan of paris so she was very excited. We visited the restaurant the previous day so we thought since that went well the move would work out. The check in process was terrible. The clerk was the absolute rudest person I've dealt with. I could finish a question or sentence without her rudely interrupting. She was short and terrible to my wife and I. She spoke to us like we were half wits and didn't deserve to stay at the paris. I walked away appalled at how we were spoken to at a vacation resort. I let management know I needed to speak to someone asap. The assistant manager called me within the next hour and apoligized graciously. She was very nice and apologetic. She comped a few things and let us check out late for free. Every other encounter with employees at the paris was above average or even amazing. The check in clerk was an abysmal at customer service hence I couldn't give 4 stars. We will come back cause the other 90% of our stay was great. Decent rooms and fun atmosphere.
3	From the outside, Paris Las Vegas looks so beautiful and luxurious! The location is dead center on the strip and is located next to many of the other wonderful casinos on The Strip. I've been to the top of the Eiffel Tower and the views are absolutely beautiful! Overlooking the street at that height takes your Vegas experience to a whole different level. I highly suggest paying for the ride to the top and also make sure you go at night to see all of the beautiful lights. Now to the rooms:Basic double bed room: It's just your typical room with the normal amentities. The only thing that stands out to me was the view that we had. We were able to see the Bellagio fountain show throughout our stay. Other than the gorgeous view, the room was pretty dated...Suite: Not exactly sure what the suite was called, but I went inside after making some new friends at one of the clubs. The room was your basic suite with two bedrooms, kitchen, dining table, but the thing that really stood out was they had 8 bathrooms! Why must a suite need 8 bathrooms? I honestly don't have the answer to that, but I guess it can be fun going to a different bathroom throughout your stay..? Overall, thought the suite wasn't as nice as some of the other suites that I've stayed at on The Strip. It's the perfect room for a group of girls though since we all know how much girls need their space to do make-up and all that! Overall, Paris is a nice hotel, but it's not the best.
2	Make sure, when you check-in, that you ask if you are being charged a resort fee. If you are, you get free wifi and gym access. We were not told this upon check-in and wasted $22 by not using the wifi since the sign in page states $15 per day per device. It is not mentioned it is comp with resort fee. Front desk should be trained to state this fact. Kinda disingenuous in my opinion.
1	Apparently the policy here is "I can't serve you water unless you buy a drink". Greedy ASS Mother Fuckers!
4	When you cannot go to Paris, France, then travelling to Las Vegas to visit the Paris Las Vegas Hotel and Casino is the next best thing to seeing the Eiffel Tower.I've stayed here on two different occasions to attend conventions.  Each time, the stay was top notch.  The rooms were modern, beautifully decorated, comfortable, and clean.  The staff was terrific.  We've gotten lucky each time because we've received terrific views of the strip at no extra charge!  Self parking at the Paris Las Vegas is easy, and it's conveniently close to the convention area.  The food places are pretty good.  Probably the best choice is Gordon Ramsey Steakhouse.  It's expensive, but the food is oh so good.Another plus is the ventilation system.  I find it much easier to breathe here compared to other places on the Strip.  The smoke doesn't bother me here nearly as much as elsewhere.If the price is right, then Paris Las Vegas is a wonderful place to stay.  It's centrally located to all the good places on the Las Vegas Strip.
4	Unlike other yelpers found, our room and 11th floor hallway  was not outdated in the least.  I, admittedly, tipped the front desk in the hopes of getting the best room available and we ended up with a great view of the pool, tower and Bellagio fountains.  Double king room was spacious and amenities were great.  Housekeeping failed to get to our room one day --- but, were quick to rectify the problem when we notified them.  The location is fantastic with easy, access Bally's and other casinos around it.  It is smaller than many of the other casinos.  I like that.  By the fifth day, I felt I knew almost everyone at the tables, and service was consistently fun, friendly and helpful.
3	We ate at Gordon Ramsey's steak in the Paris hotel. Although pricey is was delicious. The casino was ok nothing great. Needs to be updated. The inside really does have a Paris vibe. Eiffel Tower is really pretty and they have a restaurant in it.
2	After years of coming here the rooms are in desperate need of a major make over. Once a real nice rooms when they first opened up but now the rooms are falling apart like a cheap motel. Unless it's free or $50 I would not stay here. Rather stay at the new jubilee tower at ballys so much nicer, comparable to much higher end hotels, I was very impressed.The casino itself is nice but the rooms forget it. Don't eat at any of the over priced restaurants either.
1	My experience with the "customer support" team was so terrible while booking my reservation that I went ahead and cancelled, so I can't speak to the quality of the rooms, but if they're anything as terrible as their offshore call center I imagine they're pretty bad.This place isn't worth a lengthy description, here are some bullet points of why we cancelled:1. They have a $20 dollar resort fee2. Check-in is at 4:00PM3. Checking in earlier than 4:00PM requires paying a fee4. Booking a reservation requires being transferred no less than 2 times5. Changing a reservation requires being transferred no less than 3 times6. Whatever price they quote you over the phone is wrong, once you get your actual confirmation email the price will have jumped (even beyond the resort fee)Hotels like this should come with a warning label.
2	The Eiffel Tower is iconic and it lures you to come to the casino.  In fact the going up the tower is cool and should be tried.  But meanwhile, it alone this doesn't keep your interest up in sticking around.  There is a hallway that connects it to Bally's, but who cares; why would you want to go to a pathetically small boring casino and the shops in the hallway are equally unimpressive.  Then the casino.  Looks nice and big, but it's uneventful and boring.  It just seems too sterile.  Table dealers are not as friendly as the other casinos too.  Slots seem old and tend to bore the seasoned players.  I really don't find myself coming to this casino too often for these reasons.
5	Paris Casino is a fantastic place to visit .   It offers a great casino, an exciting ride up the Eiffel Tower... not as high as the real Eiffel Tower in Paris, France... But still quite nice! It's a must when you are on The Strip!  Don't miss the shops and restaurant!
3	Pretty enjoyable stay. Hotel is older, but still glamorous and plenty romantic. Great location, superb views, walking distance from everything. Many places to choose from as far as food and entertainment. FYI, valet parking at the hotel is free and it's the best way to do it, unless you want to drag your luggage through casino all by yourself for no good reason:). We saw a lot of people trying to save $5 for tip and ending up pretty pissed when they found out that the suffering could have been avoided:). Checking out could get tricky, so use express check-out if you can, to avoid 20-30 min wait.... Staff is helpful and knowledgeable. Do not use room phone for anything!  My kid called our cellphone, ended up paying $$$$$ for few minutes of airtime.
1	I wouldn't go to this hotel. I went to Las Vegas many many times. Check out my pictures! I go to the best and worst hotels! This hotel is 2 thumbs down!
1	If I could give fewer stars I would.This is hands down the worst hotel in every possible way.  The rooms are disgusting and the management is terrible.  The hotel is run down and has no customer service.  We checked in on the 22nd of December.  Upon entering the room, I was immediately turned off.  The carpet was old, torn and has rust stains.  The bathroom cabinet had peeling paint and was dirty.  The bathtub had a screw sticking out of it that could have been a safety issue had I allowed my child to go anywhere near the tub (I didn't notice that until the morning).  We arrived late, ran out to dinner and show and came back to the room to sleep.  The beds and pillows are awful.  We described them as low rent motel quality.  That night the television was pixellating and we couldn't even wind down to tv.  The next morning I called the front desk to let them know that I was going to move hotels.  It wasn't until I went down there and spoke with Leslie (a manager) that they told me they were going to take that room out of circulation and upgrade us into another room.  The upgrade was also not wonderful.  The beds were slightly better, the pillows still sucked.  On the morning of the 24th, I noticed that the air vent in this new 'upgraded' room was fully clogged (that explained my sneezing and respiratory issues almost immediately upon checking into the room.  I spoke with manager M. Eric Holmes, who told me he would send maintenance up to fix the issue.  Housekeeping came hours later and stated she couldn't do anything to fix it and she would send maintenance.  When we returned from dinner that night it had still not been taken care of.  The manager was rude, arrogant and exacerbated an already tense situation with his complete and utter lack of professionalism.  We ended up leaving the hotel and checked into a much nicer property.  Trust me when I tell you that Motel 6 would be a step up.  In addition,  we had Christmas Eve dinner at the pricey Eiffel Tower restaurant which had the audacity to charge $46 for a piece of fish (a la carte) and then serve it cold. Never, ever, ever will I stay or recommend this property to anyone.  Not fit for a dog, but please don't take my word for it, judge for yourself by the photos below.
3	not as new as some others on strip street
2	Talk about disappointed. We came here for a family trip a few years back, when the hotel was fairly new and it was just a bad experience. I came back here with some friends again about two years ago and nothing had improved.Positives: The location, it's walking distance to all the main hotels on the strip, The lobby is really pretty- you really feel like you might be in a nice area of Paris. Their buffet is great. Large selection of food and everything is delicious.Negatives: The rooms, both times I went were broken down. The lamp shades were broken, the room felt kind dirty and stuffy. Even though the lobby is very pretty there is VERY little to do at the hotel. Not very many shops or restaurants in the lobby to keep you entertained. Most of the hotels in Vegas has so much to offer that you don't even feel like leaving where you're staying, but Paris hotel isn't quit like that.
2	I've been staying at different hotels in the strip for a couple of years and the Paris Las Vegas is the worst I've been to. --------------------------------------------THE FRONT DESK EXPERIENCE--------------------------------------------The beginning of the experience upon checking in was horrible to begin with. The front desk agent, Ms. Youngmi has inexistent customer service skills and should not be working in the hospitality industry. She was very condescending and never even bothered to make me feel welcomed in the hotel. I booked my room through Expedia, but through her own ineptitude she cannot locate my reservation. She gave me an attitude and insisted that the confirmation numbers that I have from Expedia doesn't mean anything on their computer system. She never made any effort to assist me at all even if I'm showing her the email confirmation from Expedia and the Expedia app on the phone. When I had requested if I can be helped by someone else, she said in a very rude tone -- "If I cannot find your reservation, I'm sure they cannot. Go ahead go back in line and have someone else assist you!" I've never been treated this way in a hotel before. I was so upset that I took her picture so that I can later complain about her. Note that I wouldn't take her picture at all if she wasn't rude to me in the first place. When she saw me do this, she insisted that I erase her picture on my phone and that she would call security if I didn't. I was standing back in line at this point and she was making a scene and everyone was looking at us. I don't like the attention especially if I have not done anything wrong. I didn't delete her picture and she went back inside and threatened to call security.Eventually I was assisted by a more competent front desk agent who was able to pull up my reservation. Ms. Youngmi later came out with the Front Desk Manager On-Duty, Mr. Robert Leach who apologized for her agent's behavior.However, check out this other Yelp review: http://www.yelp.com/biz/paris-las-vegas-las-vegas-3#hrid:O_S76rqTGdsZpc20dPVkrQ Apparently it's for the same front desk agent, Ms. Youngmi. And this review was from last year. So maybe there is a pattern of behavior for this agent and it's not being addressed by the hotel.--------------------------------------------THE ROOM--------------------------------------------For the price, the room doesn't measure up to Aria, The Cosmopolitan, MGM, or Bellagio -- which are probably the same price range or only slightly more expensive. But the amenities those other hotels offer make up for the price difference. The Paris Las Vegas doesn't really offer anything special... except maybe for the view, which you could also get from The Cosmopolitan or Bellagio. Everything in the room looks dated and worn. The glasses in the bathroom even had a lipstick mark and a crack. This is considering that the room that I got was supposedly a high floor corner suite after I paid $40 to be upgraded to it (yeah I know after the horrible front desk experience I still had to pay for this). This non-smoking room also smelled of cigarette smoke all night. Good thing they took out the resort fee after I complained about this.--------------------------------------------BOTTOM LINE--------------------------------------------Avoid this hotel. You can get a better room from another hotel for a similar price (or maybe just slightly higher), but the higher price difference is certainly worth it. I'm just not nitpicking on the room because of my horrible front desk experience. But that experience certainly made me dislike this hotel with a passion.This hotel has nothing to offer. Move on. Nothing to see here.
5	I had a great time here, they didn't have my room so they gave my wife and I a full suite at no charge. The suite was sooo awesome, it wasn't a hardcore suite but good enough I would suggest giving this hotel a shot.
3	Location: Fantastic. This is right in the middle of the strip, across the street from the Bellagio and next door to the Planet Hollywood shopping area.Rooms: Good for the price that we paid. We went over Christmas and paid about $50 for the room only (+ $20 for the resort fee, below).Additional Fees: You have to pay a $20 "Resort Fee" to use WiFi for one device only + get access (two passes per day) to the fitness center/spa.Fitness center/spa: The fitness center was okay. There were several treadmills, a few elliptical machines, and several weights. I'm so glad that they had free weights and a few mats for yoga/abs/whatever. They also had tons of water. The "spa" area also had tons of water, some coffee, and some tea. Get a locker key and slippers from the front desk of the "spa" area. They had a dry sauna and a steam sauna, but both weren't very hot. There was also a jacuzzi. The resort fee is worth it if you use the WiFi a lot (which I had to, for work) and if you use both the fitness center and the saunas.Restaurants: If you can't get a spot at Gordon Ramsey's Steak (or if you can't afford it), go to Mon Ami Gabi and see if you can get a table on the patio. Get the steak frites. Fantastic!
3	Paris is a decent hotel.Location: Paris is in the middle/upper north part of the strip which is great. It's known for its very obvious Eiffel Tower. Right across the street from Bellagio and Cosmopolitan, Paris is definitely centered well enough so that you are in "the middle of it all." It's within walking distance from most of the big hotels, which is great since traffic on the strip gets really bad after a certain point in the night.Rooms: They're not the best (compared to Aria), but they're not the worst (compared to Stratosphere). The rooms aren't tastefully done and beds are a bit uncomfortable, or hard. The bathroom is nice and pretty large; however, the shower has no certain - everything is see through. They do provide you with a bit of closet space; we had two closets, three drawers, and a night stand with three drawers as well. The TV has a lot of Spanish speaking channels, and surprisingly, Chinese channels, which played both movies and popular television shows (American Dad). The English speaking shows were limited to movies, not so popular television shows. Also, you get wifi but you can only apply it to ONE device. The rest you'll have to pay for - a bit dumb.Casino/Restaurants: The casino was alright. It's a bit small compared to other hotels, but it is pretty clean. I didn't try any restaurants because when I took a look inside the buffets/restaurants/cafe and at their menus, nothing was quite impressive. Gordon Ramsey's restaurant looked nice, but I'm not sure I'm willing to pay $70 for a restaurant decorated with electric red lights and one steak. The crepe place give out large portions, but you are paying $11. The buffet...well, Ive definitely seen better prepared food. Customer Service: I had a unique experience with customer service, specifically security/lost and found. So my friend lost her wallet and luckily for her, front desk told her that security had it. So we went down and they kindly escorted us to lost and found and gave us her wallet. They were very courteous, and were definitely careful with people's lost items, making sure they have identification and that they sign a check out form. Props. Our rooms were also cleaned by noon. Location: 5/5. Rooms: 3/5. Casino/Restaurant: 2/5. Customer Service: 4/5. Overall: 2.5/5. Bump up to three on the rating bar because of the smooth experience with security in finding my friend's wallet.
1	This is based on impression of two restaurants -Mon Ami Gabi and Factory Sugar. Poor customer service starting from hostess, with attitudes like "take it (long wait) or leave it". Was originally planning to dine at the Eiffel Tower, but forget it, I deserve better treatment.I think Vegas has gotten too snob, not realizing that customers do have a choice not to consume, especially given their prices are ridiculously over-priced for quality.
2	Check-in was a bit of a mess. I had our paperwork confirming that we had 3 night stay there but they had us for only 1 night paid. Luckily the people who set up our stay were with us & after 30 minutes the mess was straightened out and we got early check in without paying the fee. The room was a nice corner penthouse room. I will say walking to the rooms down the hall-there is a lot of maintenance that needs to be done! Wallpaper peeling, crown molding falling apart, carpet in need of replacing-I'm sure when this hotel was new it looked far better than it does today. The hotel just looks beat-up. The bed was HARD! I don't think we slept much because of the bed. Even being our room was non-smoking you could still smell the smoke.The little Crepe place was fantastic. We also enjoyed Jersey Boys, it was a fantastic show.
3	We must have been in an old section of the hotel, because our room was very outdated. Cons:-Main room: wooden details and knobs ripped off the large entertainment stand, hideous loveseat and couch (I really wish I would have taken pictures).-Bathroom: crack in the door, stains on the ceiling, the heaviest blow-dryer I have used in ten years, bad wallpaper, shower curtain held on with plastic clips (hard to move and tacky).-They are charging a resort fee for Internet Access and Fitness Center use for $22.80/night. I understand if it's summer and you're paying for the pool and towels, but it's winter and I think the resort fee should be waved. Pro: Great bedLuckily when in Vegas, your room doesn't matter very much! So on to the good stuff. The Paris Hotel has a lot of great restaurants in it and my favorite is Mon Ami Gabi - I go every time I'm in Vegas (you should sit outside to people watch and see the Bellagio water show). Also attached to the hotel is Sugar Factory: American Brassier, which is 24/7 and has a cheesecake factory menu (choices), fairly priced, and they have super fun drinks and desserts! Also, the location of the Paris Hotel is great, there are a lot of things to walk around and explore outside. Overall, I would recommend the Paris Hotel if you can get it for a cheaper rate.
2	This review is based on the gambling components of the Casino.  The dealers are un-focused and I had to help 3 Blackjack deals do simple math on the deals.  I don't think I would ever consider this place a gambling destination.
4	Cool Hotel to visit and gander about while staying in Vegas!  Made to look like one is outdoors when in the main lobby/casino with walkways and appearances of the outside of an apartment or condo complex.  The Eiffel Tower replica is indeed impressive.  The Paris LV Hotel also exits into a small shopping center (not the miracle mile shops).  I didn't do any gambling or order drinks so I cannot attest to the service on the casino floor.  The service at the Eiffel Tower "attraction" was good.  The hotel is also home to some higher end restaurants, including a featured GR steakhouse.Based on some reviews of the rooms, it's unlikely I'd stay here, but it is indeed a cool place to visit.
3	Good to take a look around if you're a first-timer to the Strip, bu tthe Eiffel Tower gets old fast.  Inside casino doesn't smell very good (like cigarette smoke more than anything else) and has very dim lighting = poor pictures. The decor is pretty cute though and Paris buffet is still one of the best I've had on the strip. Mon Ami Gabi is also a great restuarant. But overall the casino layout feels very compressed and claustrophobic (maybe because of the low ceiling that they painted as a 'sky'). It's not one of my favorite casinos in LV.
4	We ended up getting a pretty big room with nice king size bed, shower, fridge, couch, etc. Bed was very comfortable. We got one meal up to $50 at the restaurant inside the Paris. Perfect location for walking the North and the South strip. Had to eat at Gordon Ramsey's, that was amazing! We would go down to the bars until John the veteran became a dick after our third night down there. He said we had to bet all in every time or he couldn't serve us anymore. Other people around us were asking what that was all about and that they weren't betting all in, so they kept playing. We just think he wanted us gone to get bigger tippers. We're both veterans/active and thought everything was all good, until that. a well. For each their own.
3	I was expecting to be disappointed, but I actually enjoyed staying here quite a bit. The theme of the hotel was a lot of fun and the location was good. I had a lot of fun at the hotel and would definitely stay here again.Keep in mind that if you get  strip view room you'll have a great view of the Eiffel Tower, but you won't be able to see the Bellagio fountains very well because of it. You will walk A LOT if you go here as it doesn't have convenient access to the monorail (it's a long a$$ walk next door in Bally's) and everything seems like a 20 min walk. I definitely don't recommend it if you are going to a conference at the convention center. TIP: DO NOT get the meal plan when you make your reservation - the food sucks and is not convenient - HUGE crowds and college cafeteria taste is sure to disappoint everyone. There's no refunds 72 hours in advance either, so once you discover you don't want it you are SOL. I went in the winter so I didn't use the pool, but it was small and simple by Vegas standards. I also thought the casino was below average, but I'm not a gambler so I'm just basing this on appearance compared to those at Mandalay Bay, MGM, Luxor, Venetian, Bellagio, etc...
1	Can I give no star? No, too bad. My family and I were visiting all the hotel/casinos at the strip and this one is the worst ever. Rude people, I mean employees.Thank God I was not staying there.
3	2014 YELP 100 CHALLENGE - 42/100I am HUGE lover of the city of Paris and anything related to it. My apartment is Paris-themed with Eiffel Towers, macarons, bonjour signs, etc. everywhere. I was disappointed that my boyfriend couldn't get us hotel reservations at the Paris Hotel, but after visiting it this past weekend, I was actually kinda glad that we didn't end up staying there.This hotel looks beautiful on the outside. The huge Eiffel Tower, of course, is a smaller, fit-to-scale version of the real thing in Paris. The building with all of the rooms in it actually looks like many of the buildings in Paris. They also have the Arc de Triomphe which is quite a spectacle as well.My bf and I came here to dine at Gordon Ramsay's Steak restaurant. Because of where we parked in the garage, we had to walk through a bit of the shops and restaurants to get to where Steak was located on the main casino floor. It feels as if you are roaming the streets of Europe, but nothing inside the whole shopping/restaurant area really screamed PARIS to me. It was just like European-esque, but not really Paris. Also, I felt kind of claustrophobic in there because although the Venetian and Caesars Palace have the same thing where you feel like you're walking in Europe and there's a fake sky ceiling above, I feel like the ones in Paris are much lower and it just felt...busy and stuffy. The smell from the restaurants was slightly nauseating. It gave me gross flashbacks of bad quality, overpriced Italian from Disneyland near Pirates of the Caribbean. That is super specific but it was not bringing back good memories for me. Kinda like the smell when you first start riding on Pirates and you pass by the Blue Bayou restaurant...hahaha.Overall, this hotel just seems dated to me...and not really that big to accommodate large amounts of people. There was some sort of marketing convention going on while we were there, which made it even more busy and claustrophobic than usual. 3 stars for a nice outer appearance, Gordon Ramsay's Steak restaurant, and having a good location on the strip!
1	Rene at the Total Rewards desk is a total jerk.  He's very unprofessional when he called me up and left my party of 5 at the line.  Apparently he can only serve 1 person per party at a time when we all needed the same thing.  The other Total Rewards rep didn't have any problem calling up other parties at the same time (with a professional attitude too).  Rene needs to be retrained and have his attitude adjusted or else Paris is just going to lose more customers than it already is.
1	Disgusting room. Rust-colored stain on the carpet (they tried to cover it with an ottoman, but failed), poo-colored smears on the wall, every hard surface needed re-painting, and pieces of the entertainment center were missing (but you could see the outline from where the molding had fallen off). The TV cut in and out, and the remote was taped together and didn't really work unless you stood up and held it against the receiver. I couldn't sleep, because I had the heebie-jeebies thinking that if this is what it looks like in the daylight, what the heck is going to crawl out at night time? Blergh. I realize most people go to Vegas for fun, but I was there for work and would have really valued a good night's rest and a decent hotel room. I was very disappointed, but told they had sold out for the conference and had no other rooms. Yeah, okay, sure.Stay FAR away.
4	Watching Bellagio fountains from my window.  I can't believe the hotel would hold a rave while a conference was happening.  The music was shaking my windows.  They should have faced the sound towards the Strip, not the hotel.  Service and food were good.  Enjoyed being a Diamonds Reward Member and getting things free like in the Diamond Lounge and a free trip to the top of the Eiffel Tower.
2	I hate you Paris! I don't believe that this is a four-star hotel on Orbitz. I requested a king size bed in a luxury room and instead got two doubles in a room that technically had a "Strip view," but it was actually a view of the pool. Apparently, they ran out of king beds and were unable to accommodate me, even though they had plenty of unoccupied suites available. So much for customer service. Not only that, but the room and the entire sixth floor smelled like cigar smoke on the second night. Wi-fi was free for only one device per room per 24 hours. I felt extremely itchy after sleeping in their sub-quality linens for two nights. The only saving grace was its central location on the Strip.
1	Was forced to stay here for work. If you like pubic hairs in your bed, weird/unexplainable stains on your sheets, false eyelashes on the furniture, and "fine print" mandatory charges for resort services you didn't ask for/want/need.... Paris is the hotel for you. I believe Napoleon is turning over in his grave.
1	Just checked in, mini-bar completely empty. Called front desk, they said they no longer stock the mini-bar. Was told it was available for my use. No Coke in the hotel, told to go next door!No Diet Pepsi in the machine on my floor, or the floor above us. No list of TV channels I'm room!
3	Ah Paris!!! First this place has one of the best locations on the strip! Dead center in the middle of all the action.  When we first arrived I appreciated that they have Valet service included in your stay.  Another great amenity was they are pet friendly.  When ever I can travel with my two super spoiled and adorable yorkies I love to take them with! We stayed in a pet friendly room located on a certain level.  The best part about the room was the view!!!! We were high enough to see it all from Paris down to the luxor's beaming light at the top.  The check in process was fast and the customer service was great!  I loved how my yorkies had a place of their own outside and it was too cute seeing them walk through the casino with their sweaters on!  Anyhow, I had to take one star away as the furniture does need a much needed update.  There were many cracks, scratches, and pain over jobs.  I wanted to make sure also that we didn't get charged for any extra bite marks left from other pets so any I discovered I let them know as soon as we explored the room.  There was also some pet hair left on the cushions of all the chairs and couch.  I understand it is a pet room but housekeeping should make sure these items are checked as my pets don't shed. We were also suppose to receive some pet goodies as that is part of their luxury pet deal but they never gave us the items so we had to call to receive them.  The next star I took off was there was a lady in the room next to us that her dog howled for two days straight.  To be honest I did not mind the howling at all.  We spent much time outside the room and I knew the pup was small and probably had never been left crated so no biggy.  The issue I had was we got blamed for the howling one night!!! my dogs do not howl or bark and although I know the rooms were directly connected and linked it was very clear where the howling came from.  We let the front desk know it was not us but the room next door. They did apologize and I also let them know we were okay with the howling since we were right next store. we continued with leaving the room to have dinner.  When we came back there were 3 staff members walking and one of them decided to sneak over to the corner to check on the noise and spoke in Spanish about how annoying the dog was and how they put in a complaint (they did not see us coming around the corner and they jumped with surprise)  Caught red handed! But akward as we passed her to get to our room. Anyhow, the military discount is great here and we did enjoy all the things the hotel had to offer an update on the rooms and some akwardness with the pet issue.  I am glad I have this hotel checked off the list it's not the worst but its not the best!
4	Its too bad to see all the low reviews for Paris. While I agree the place needs an update/upgrade/facelift (minus a star) the outstanding customer service is enough to keep me coming back. From the drive in you are immediately transformed to Paris and the minute you walk into registration you remember why you booked a room here. All the decor is very French even the restroom signs are in French. The hotel is smaller than the Venetians of the Strip but it offers better customer service an a more intimate experience. It's also nice to walk around without getting completely lost. The tables are $10 min during the day with plenty of open tables to go around. There is a great central bar that serves tasty cocktails. Go for happy hour to catch a good deal. Valet is free at the hotel. $20 resort fee includes access to their fitness center so take advantage if you can. The bed was super comfortable which was a nice surprise. Checkin and check out was a breeze. Every hotel employee we encountered was unbelievably nice and helpful.
2	The two stars are for the fact that my room, while outdated, was very clean. That's the only good thing i have to say about this place. I got there at the exact time I was told I could check in. Still, I had to wait an additional hour because my room was not ready. The staff wasnt rude, however, they werent very welcoming either. The biggest bummer was the fact that the sole purpose of my Vegas trip was to drink, party & have a good time. That was not going to happen here. The crowd is an older one. I felt oh-so-very uncomfortable walking from my room to the strip (in my club-ready dress). Almost as if I was afraid to run into my grandmother looking like a.... well, not like the young lady I dress like back at home. Lol! Anyway, at the end of the day, I had a clean and comfy room. HOWEVER, I wouldnt be back unless the room was comped, again.  OH! Check out these pics of the hallway that led to my room....
3	I stayed three nights in Paris. I requested a room with King bed. They gave me room with two queen beds. Next day, there was availability and they moved me to a room with King bed. Queen size bed was very uncomfortable. King size was not bad. Rooms were very clean. Bathrooms were clean, wide, functional. Check in was fast, although there was a big line. What I really liked about bathrooms were they had closed cabin shower and a separate bath tub. TV was basic, some good channels. It was very quite, had no noise problem. Hotel location is awesome, at the center of everywhere. Elevators worked really fast. My view was back, looked towards airport. I also used their spa company, wrote separate review for it. Paris has good restaurants inside. I also recommend going top of Eiffel Tower, view was spectacular. Monorail metro is also very close, you do not need to leave hotel to get to metro, very convenient. My only problem was that they did not let me use spa the day I checked out, which was disappointing. Overall good place to stay.
3	Paris Hotel is famous for its iconic Eiffel towel.  Just across the famous Bellagio Water Fountain. Their parking garage is short walking distance similar to Montel Carlo, however be aware is been shared by Bally as well.  You had to walk by army of slow machines and tablets before you can get to the lobby or elevator.  For guess will be okay but if you are a self-parking hotel will not like that idea at all, the check-in lobby had many beautiful Chandeliers.  One thing irony, they had dancer near the gaming tablet.  I just do not see any French Connection with that.  However, does had entertainment value and definite can cause distraction to those who play that. I was not that fan of their interior style, a fan like it but it does not see too impressive or most romantic.  The crowd was mostly in older 40 and higher.  I do wanted to go up the Eiffel towel in the near future.
1	Hate this place the staff is not helpful at all and I asked to speak to a manger about a room key that was defective. I got handed over to a bunch of different people only to be left without a Key and locked out of my room for the whole night ... ( no I wasn't drunk the staff is crappy )
2	This is by far the worse place I have stayed on the stripe ever for the price. I expected better rooms and an overall experience.  I was dismayed over the lack of a coffee pot in the room.  I ordered a pot of coffee for the morning and the fee without tip was $20.  It was good coffee, but seriously, coffee cost something like 8 cents to make.The place does need some updating. I found that having ripped wallpaper in the halls and the design around the room outdated.  Again, this would have been acceptable for a lower cost room.  This place needs to update the rooms or drop the cost of rooms.  I will not be staying here and we go to Vegas about ever 9 months.
2	As a players card member, I am so incredibly disappointed in this casino. After playing for about 10 minutes at the table and quitting to cash in my meager winnings, I was forced to wait for at least 10 minutes in line for the cashier. For such a large casino, it is unconscionable to have only three windows open for cashing in chips. And to see the number of people idle behind the closed windows was even more infuriating. Gamble elsewhere.
2	What a disappointment.  The hotel and rooms is dated but pretty clean.   I'm sure it was great in its day, but there was worn carpet, mystery stains, the bathroom mirror frame was delaminating, the mattress creaked, wall paper was torn, and the wardrobe had veneer peeling off of it.   Right outside our room there was a hole kicked in the wall.  On the main floor where its designed to be Paris streets, everything is dingy and depressing, the novelty wears off as you walk for probably a half mile to the parking garage or monorail.  The front desk is surrounded by casino, so you have to walk through the smokey slot area to check in and then get to your room.The cable tv has about 5 basic cable channels we would all expect, and the rest are weird international channels in other languages.  Wifi is $15 per day and dropped the connection consistently.
1	I stayed at the Paris now several times. At first they prided themselves for having no resort fees, then they added resort fees, and now they even have the audacity to charge for printing out a boarding pass for their guests.  The excuse of an utterly uncaring manager was "the concierge service was taken over by a private firm and they can change whatever they want."  Nice going!  - After getting a room with a non working safe, now that.  No way we will ever stay at this place again where the basics of customer service have completely gone lost.  Well, I guess that the true Paris, France experience. ;-)
2	AMAZING how all the staff here speak fluent French!!!! Not really :)I just don't like how claustrophobic the place feels!  They have a painted ceiling that looks like the sky and the feel of walking down a street in Paris.  Very closed in feeling that I do not like.  Very similar to how they did NY NY, trying to give you the feel of being there, but just too closed in for my liking.Otherwise I did like the red guest room we stayed in!  It was clean and spacious.  Careful of the marble floors in the bathroom though, I found it to be slippery... Good location on the middle of the strip.
3	I recently stayed at the Paris for a business trip. Overall, it was a good experience for me. Some of my colleagues experienced problems with their rooms (i.e. dirty, various stains, broken appliances, etc.), but my room was very clean and comfortable.The location is good (right on The Strip and in the middle of the action). It has several restaurant and shopping choices and is very walkable. The Eiffel Tower restaurant had fantastic food. I wasn't a fan of the decor (it felt very 1970s to me), the food and service was superb. What I didn't love about the Paris is that I was overcharged twice at two different restaurants there. In one instance, the cashier rang me up twice (a simple mistake). The other instance the cashier/barista gave themselves a considerable tip at my expense. I used to work in a restaurant and had a co-worker that would "add on" to what the customer left for a tip. I only discovered this once I started checking my transactions history. I did call the Paris and they were able to remedy it promptly. Overall, it was a good experience. It was good for the price and location.
4	I didn't stay here but we spent a little time at the machines at the bar and really liked it. I don't like gambling, find machines boring and tables expensive and sometimes boring too.We were just sat having a beer, with the Parisian surrounds and a wonderful atmosphere. Whoever designed all of this has done a wonderful job because it feels absolutely magical.
2	Isn't it strange how the little things can sour your experience? I had a good time at Paris, the dealers were friendly, the staff was nice, the rooms were clean until I was checking out and the guy at the taxi line started yelling that my car was parked to far over. And he kept screaming and gesturing until I moved my car over until it was blocking traffic, which I was trying to avoid in the first place. I usually stay here but I won't be anymore. He was the guy on duty 2/17 at 12pm.
3	Clean Rooms, hot water, quiet.  But I did not like the little trick they pull with advertising 'Free Wi-Fi'.  'Free Wi-Fi' means free for only one device per day, so if you got a tablet and a laptop, take your pick.  And you pay a 'resort fee' of $20 per day for that 'Free Wi-Fi, local calls, and a fitness center.
3	The staff is REALLY nice, and very accommodating. I want to stress that. They are great people and they'll give you some guidance on stuff to do, things to eat, etc., if you ask.The room is super tacky. It's Vegas, so that's okay. It's clean. My room is on the non-smoking floor but sadly still smells like people smoke here regularly. I'm sure it's an older hotel and wasn't always non-smoking, but up on the 12th floor I thought it might've been better.The hotel "stuff" on the ground floor includes a casino (doy), a bunch of boutiquey-style shops, and some overpriced restaurants. It's all indoors, little French-street style, with a sky-painted ceiling. There are signs everywhere so it's really difficult to get lost. One you're in you might feel trapped. It all looks pretty outdated and covered in decorative crap.I dunno. I think you could probably go to a better hotel for about the same price. The smoke smell was just too much for me.Oh yeah. $14.95 a night for Internet (one device only). Self-parking is free, though.
5	Stayed here for the first time! Loved this place and the workers were super friendly!   10 stars to the spa!  Everytime I come back it is a must for the spa!
4	We didn't stay at this hotel, but I wanted to review the Taylor Hicks 1-hour show at Napoleon's.  Really liked the venue, seated about 150 people comfortably.  We were fans of his while he was winning American Idol season 5, and my wife in particular was excited to see him in concert.  We were about 20 feet from the small stage (keyboard player, drum set, guitar & Taylor all barely fit on it) & it sounded & looked great.  Taylor played guitar & harmonica and did 8 songs, including a 10-minute version of Elvis' "In the Ghetto" - which was highlight of show for me.  Afterwards, if you bought merchandise you could get multiple photos taken with him outside of the bar, which we did.  He was very cordial & thanked us for seeing his show.  I would definitely pay to see him in concert again, he is an outstanding musician.
1	I have to double-up on a review here--- posted on hotels.com but not sure they're going to put it public, and I must encourage others to listen to their gut..... I read many reviews of Paris on hotels.com and the comments about cleanliness and the smoke smell are SPOT ON. Really not a great place as far as clean/updated. I was there with 2 other people for one night and we ALL got sick with respiratory illnesses which turned out to be BACTERIAL. Legionnaires comes to mind (!!!) One of our troupe actually got Rubella (german measles) from the bedding. Just a dirty hotel. Air vents are filthy. Room had old carpet with stains under furniture. Entire room had a musty/mildew smell about it. Bathrooms sub-par, just not someplace I'd return to, recommend or encourage anyone else to stay at. The view of The Strip was not worth the pricy doctor visit to get through the bacterial lung infection we got while there. Contacted their 'customer care' and got nothing. They ignored us. I wish I had not given them the benefit of the doubt...... trust the bad reviews...stay elsewhere.
4	Great casino, decent rooms.  Try and get a room with a view of the fountain.  I swear one night they had strippers dancing during a black jack deal...up on a stage.  One of them was very pretty and the other looked like my ex-girlfriend.  I was with my fiance at the time so this was super uncomfortable.  I wanted to look to see if it was my ex...which it wasn't....but at the same time I didn't want to be pervy in front of my fiance.  I failed on both counts.But anyway.  The casino play is decent.  Nothing really special going on as far as limits etc.  It is a Total Rewards establishment so bring your card.  They have two amazing restaurants (Mon Ami Gabi and Eiffel Tower).Do not...do not....buy drinks at the casino bar.  They were trying to charge me $12 per crown and coke.  That must have been crown and actual coke...as in cocaine...to charge that price.
1	Our 3rd stay at Paris and our last. The nightly room rate gets you nothing. The Front Desk Clerk told us that even though our room was ready we would have to pay $25 to get in before 4PM. Although....if we paid $40 to upgrade our room they would waive the Early Check In fee.  Wink wink.  We had to schlep our bags all the way outside, down the walk by the Taxi Stand to have the Bell Desk check them. THEN at 4PM we had to wait in the key pick up line, wait 30 minutes in our room for the Bellhop to bring our bags...and to add insult to injury, had to TIP the bellhop for bringing our bags. What a scam.Of course there is the nightly Resort Fee of $20 added on top of the nightly room rate. The Resort Fee is supposed to get you free wifi, BUT only for one device. Really? My husband and I had to choose whether his phone, my phone, his work laptop or my work laptop could get on the internet each day. Forget our iPad. If we had wanted to get all 5 of our devices on the internet, it would have cost an extra $60 each day.  We finally had to cough up an extra $15 so we could both get some work done on the 3rd day.This was supposed to be a vacation, not an exercise in annoyances. We decided next time we're going to a hotel that gets all our money up front and actually gives us something for it. It won't be a Caesar's property.
4	Like: The closest you can get to Paris, France in the states if you're unable to make it to Europe. Interior is nice including the rooms with a BIG bathroom with tub and shower separated. Sports betting available. Some shopping available plus food options on the ground floor. They gave us some restaurant credit, which we used for room service and for breakfast at their cafe downstairs. I've been up the Eiffel Tower, which is lovely at night to watch the Bellagio water show from up above. On the strip so it's close to everything with a taxi waiting area outside. Dislike: The room had a small tube TV (whatever the non flat screen tv is called) AND it was off to the side so it wasn't in line of sight when in bed (which is how most people in their hotel room end up watching TV). Small fridge wasn't that cold of a temperature. Toilet is in line of sight of the mirror on the back of the door, which can be a little weird watching yourself on the toilet haha.
2	I'm not a Diamond high roller, but I am also not the new Vegas tourist who fell off the turnip truck.  I maintain a higher level of casino play here, to where I get free rooms, free food, and other comps that some people may not get.According to Caesars Entertainment, the people who own Paris,  the hotel Paris is considered more upscale than the other properties ( Flamingo, Ballys, Rio, Quad, Planet Hollywood, Harrahs) with the exception of Caesars Palace...  Yet, the past 2 times I've stayed at this property as a "comp" I get treated more shabby than the other properties.  Their front desk people who work the Platinum desk must be the punished ones... they don't get the Diamond / 7Stars desk, so they're demoted to help low rollers like me.3 months ago, when I called to booked my room, I was transferred to a special VIP Marketing Department to take care of my free room.  WIth the 2 nights free room I also received free money to play on the slots.  The person booked me the "Red Luxury" room and told me that I'd be getting one of the nicer rooms in the HIGHER floors of the hotel.  He kept gushing how much fun I would be having.  Fast forward to the arrival date.When I arrived to check in,  this older lady who couldn't even smile asked me a string of questions like "smoking?" "King or queen?" which I replied Non Smoking, King, and a higher room with a view please.  She replied "Of course", and then promptly tried to give me the FIFTH floor, smoking.  WTF!?!   5th floor is only 1 story higher than the ground level.  It wasn't a view of the pool, it was the pool!I handed her back the key and said I'd like a higher room, please, non smoking, and with a view.  I also asked her if it was a Red Room and she replied "No, its a request only, and  comp rooms are only by request.  So, you got a classic room".  Come on, you couldn't even LOOK to see if I could get a nicer room?  Apparently anything I said, she gave me the opposite.  If I said blue, she'd say green.   I told her that I'd wait for a nicer room, and she said come back at 4.The Classic room was "Just OK".  It was on the 12th floor (Room 1223) and it did face the Paris ball, overlooking the pool.  The room, however, smelled strongly of cleaning detergent, like they just shampooed it.  For a free room, it did the job.I get it that I got the room for free, but I didn't like how the front desk treated me, like I don't deserve VIP treatment.  I dump a lot of money at their property (and it shows, since I'm bombarded by free offers every single week!) and yet Paris is the worse hotel when it comes to front desk courtesy.In December I was in Flamingo, and they gave me a stunning 24th floor room with a magnificent view.  The rooms were actually nicer than the "Classic" Paris room I got, and location on the Strip was just as nice.  Even Ballys once gave me a corner suite, and I didn't even ask to be upgraded.What gives, Paris?? Is recycling $20K not enough?  I guess not.
1	Here on a conference, so I had no choice where to stay.  The hotel is EXTREMELY DATED.  It is dark and melancholy.  The casino floor is depressing, dingy.  The food is poor.  I wanted a King bed instead of two Queens and they said they did not have any unless I wanted to pay an extra $20 per night.  Huh?  Also, I arrived at 2pm and they charged a $15 fee for early check-in.The room, although non-smoking, smells stale.  There is a rather ugly oversized wardrobe in the middle of the room and the tv is off to the side rendering it virtually un-viewable from the bed on the other side of the room.  I have an unpleasant view of a concrete parking structure outside my window.  I will NEVER stay here again.  Wish I was at the Bellagio across the street.
3	This was my first place to gamble, and I was in awe - here's why:The roof is painted like the sky at dusk, which is pretty cool.The games are fun and typical of all of the other casinos on the strip,The place is lit such that you have zero clue as to what time of day or night it is... kinda crazy.Overall, interesting and just what I expected of Las Vegas.
1	I'm not a high roller, but I spend a lot of time and MONEY in Vegas.  I stay at a couple of casinos all of the time but my wife said we should give Paris a try. We booked our room well in advance for one king size bed. When we checked in just after 4:00 PM on a Tuesday afternoon the "Cranky Lady" at the front desk almost made me turn away and go to my usual hangout. There were no rooms available at that time with a king bed, when I asked when one will be ready she told me 2 - 3 hours. I asked why and she said "I don't work in housekeeping so I have no clue why". At my business that would be an immediate escort to the front door with a loud "YOU ARE FIRED" She needs to learn how to smile and treat customers with respect. We took a room with two queens so we did not have to wait.The room was "Just OK" 4 out of 10.  The room, however, smelled strongly of cleaning detergent, the toilet would not stop running and there was mold in the bathroom. This place needs a serious upgrade.Here's what I say, First Impressions are a must and the front desk here FAILED!!!!! I spend a lot of money in Vegas and going forward it won't be at this place.Paris needs to get their act together.
5	My review is solely on the room and decor of the hotel, as we did not eat here. We stayed here for my bachelorette party weekend and it was amazingly beautiful! Love the French village inside! Pool has great view of Eiffel Tower! The hotel lobby is gorgeous with giant chandeliers. It was nice having the Eiffel Tower as a beacon of where to head in the wee hours of the morning when we were stumbling home ;) Sure there are even more beautiful and luxurious hotels on the strip, but for the price and the fun we had while at the hotel I thoroughly enjoyed it.
2	I thoroughly enjoyed my stay at Paris on Wednesday and Thursday night.  Unfortunately, on Friday night (March 21, 2014), the bass coming from the music at the Chateau Nightclub near the casino was so loud that we couldn't sleep.  I could understand if my room was near the night club, but we were staying no where near the club, across the casino, on the 11th floor.  Room 1101.  We had a great view of the tower and the pool, and could see a little of the Bellagio fountains. But.....if you want to sleep, I would not recommend staying in room 1101 on a night when the night club is open.  The music goes until 4am.  We could hear the bass loud and clear, and it was impossible to sleep.  I guess Paris really values this night club.  More so than their hotel guests.  I won't be staying here again.
3	I stayed here one night with a friend recently during the March Madness festivities. The location on the strip is great and overall is a nice hotel. The walk to the elevator and then to our room was a bit of a trek, but not too bad. I'm not sure what my friend paid or booked, but it was a double bed room and had a nice separate shower/ bath tub combo. The view was the backside of the strip so not much to look at. I had wanted to go to the pool the first day we were there but we had to wait until noon for it to open which was annoying. We waited in the bar outside the elevates and they had $9 mimosa & Bloody Mary specials so not all was lost. We ended up just doing a lap around the pool deck and not staying as the pool was nothing special. My biggest complaint was that the helpful old security guard gave me unsolicited directions which ended up having me walk an extra mile through the Bally's construction zone just trying to get back to the strip after he told me about "a great short cut". Never again Wyatt, never again...
2	It was time for an annual concert that my wife and I attend and this year it was held at the cosmopolitan. This year we decided to go across the street to Paris which in retrospect turned out to be our first bad decision. Now the hotel in itself is nice; lower scale models of actual french architecture and statues, beautifully decorated ceiling and delicious restaurants. It was all enjoyable to gaze up at. That is until you begin to interact with the hotel and staff. For starters, as we checked in, the front desk staff informed me that my card wouldn't be charged until check-out which turned out to be a complete and blatant lie. "Trusting the staff", second big mistake. Fortunately this grossly misleading piece of info didn't affect my weekend but others with a tighter budget may not be so lucky (fair warning to others with future plans). Moving forward, as it turns out our room was built for 1 shower a day... I say that because it seemed that the water got hotter by the minute with no way of cooling it down no matter which way you turn the crank. When brought to their attention all they did was attempt to give me a shower-taking crash course and according to the staff I was incapable of understanding the dynamics of shower taking because this problem is "highly uncommon" as it was so delicately explained to me. In the end, we got nowhere.Now, normally, when we stay at a hotel we like to gamble there to enjoy part of the experience. "Giving money to the place that is so far kicking my weekend around", third big mistake. Aside from a prize 2 or 3 dealers the floor staff was inattentive, unresponsive and just plain rude. Its no fun to gamble or give away hard earned cash while your trying to order drinks and all the meanwhile getting nothing but scowls and sneers through some judging eyes. It makes for an uncomfortable playing environment. Needless to say the last half of our weekend was spent elsewhere.  As I read the first sentence of this review, looking back that we haven't stayed at THAT hotel makes this reviewer realize his biggest mistake of all. Perhaps one of those scalding hot showers will wash or burn away some of these dreadful memories.
1	So I stayed out at Paris during St.Patrick's weekend to catch the flogging molly concert. I've stayed there multiple time without ever having an issue which is why I always come back...that is until this trip. I've never had an issue with rooms but when I checked in this time I noticed that the sheets were dirty. The room smelled like smoke even though I requested a non smoking room. And the most painful, and I mean that in the literal sense, was taking a shower. For some reason there was no cold water running in the room so my back got burned pretty bad. I'm never one to complain about things, especially when I've had great experiences in the past, but honestly this has really put a damper on my decision to stay there again in September.
2	My opinions and experiences when it comes to Paris are very mixed. But the commonality among all experiences is that Paris is vastly overpriced.The Good: I was working in Vegas for a while and stayed in the base room once or twice which I expected to be roughly equivalent to one of the nicer rooms at Flamingo. The decor was nice but nothing impressive, however the room was huge! Absolutely enormous - had a hallway into the bed area, then a hallway with closet and desk space leading to an enormous bathroom with a fantastic shower. The Bad: Spent a weekend at Paris with the gf and thought it'd be nice to upgrade to one of the higher end rooms - not the top class suite but the next highest. The Red Rooms as I recall. The room was a dump. It was tiny, the decor was no different than the base room. The bathroom was the size of a Motel 6 bathroom. And I paid more for this?! Are you kidding?!Plus, all Caesars hotels started charging a mandatory $20 resort fee which covers the pool and health center. Hello? Maybe I don't want to use those amenities and would rather keep my $20. Why try to gouge me out of more money when you're already overcharging for this tiny room?My advice: pay a bit less and stay at Planet Hollywood. far more modern, much larger and higher quality rooms and cheaper. Or pay a LOT less and stay at Ballys/Flamingo.
4	Pleasantly nice stay at Paris after our original hotel was booked full for our conference. I didn't have the best interactions with the front desk however. I wanted to check in 20 minutes early and was told I'd get charged early check-in (I asked, thankfully). Then, even though I had our reservation that said check-in was at 3, the woman insisted it's at 4.Thankfully, the manager was standing right there and let me in early. I was willing to wait however long it took. I wasn't going to give them any more money especially with the ridiculous resort fee tacked on.Anyway, the room was pretty spacious, although I opened the center cabinet thinking that the TV would be there but nope, just a big mini-fridge. The channels were weird because the first five were Chinese-language channels, then Spanish-language channels.The bathroom was quite spacious -- the best part. Big sink that allowed my roommate and I to each take a side of the counterspace. Separate shower and giant bathtub. Full-length mirror.The housekeeping staff were extremely friendly. Every time I passed them in the hall, they would greet me hello. Didn't use the Internet myself because only one device is allowed, which they pointed out during check-in. My roommate said the connection was spotty at times.Didn't have any issues regarding the room so it was a comfortable stay for three nights.
3	Okay hotel, nothing remarkable about this hotel. It is obviously thematic, and if you're in for cheesy victorian decor, you'll love it. The room was clean, service was average. Again, nothing remarkable.
3	Booked a nice room for the four of my friends and myself with two queen beds. The room itself was very beautiful and organized. This room had all of the necessities to ensure its customers that they will have an amazing stay at Paris Hotel. It had a security deposit box to put your valuables in, a big plasma screen TV for when you need to rest, hangers to hang your clothes, etc. I thought the bathroom was super cute because the shower and bathtub had beautiful calligraphy on it, which definitely added a "French" touch to the Paris Hotel altogether. Appearance and atmosphere, 5/5.Also, Paris is located in the middle of the Las Vegas Strip, which is a GREAT location for tourists. Basically, you're right smack dab in the middle of the city and can choose to go either left or right from when you wake up to explore Las Vegas. No need to walk too far to get anywhere since we're in one of the best spots. But what's not so great about Paris? Their service. I don't know what reason, but every time we left the hotel, we'd come back to our un-made bedsheets, used towels, and empty shampoo/conditioner bottles. It's like housekeeping didn't even do their job! We actually had to do their job for them and CALL the front desk every single day to request extra towels and shampoo/conditioners. Then they'd take about 20-30 minutes to bring up our supplies, which really puts a damper on our vacation as we have to take vacation time out of our day to do the work they were supposed to do in the first place.But it's okay, we left them a present. A giant heap of 15-20 used shower towels on the floor of the bathroom because somebody didn't clean them up when they were supposed to.Otherwise, I'd still recommend this place to stay. Great location, great appearance, great atmosphere. Maybe we just weren't so lucky, but hopefully others will be.
3	This place isn't upscale. It's fine, but the rooms and pool area desperately need a facelift. I would not pay full price to stay here. I'm not sure how Ceasar's gets away with calling this an upscale property when it doesn't come close to Planet Hollywood's basic rooms.However...location is great, and the fake Parisian boulevard is pretty cute.
3	There's a reason Paris rooms are generally priced much higher than other Harrah's properties (excepting Caesars). It's because Paris actually has redeeming qualities. Now, you won't find those qualities in the basic room, but, you will find them as soon as you get off the elevator.Paris has some of the most fun clubs and restaurants. In particular, the dueling piano bar is a win on any given night. Good selection here, and fun crowds, but get there early. Also, Mon Ami Gabi, the strip-front French chain restaurant, is phenomenal, but that's for a different review. Another part of Paris' allure is that addicting crepe stand right outside the buffet. Mother of god.Otherwise, Paris is a bit crammed because of all the attention it gets with visitors to the fake Eiffel Tower. The casino does not have a very winning flavor to it, although we did comfortably sit and play roulette one night for a good three hours and still finished inners. But I think that was more chance than a standard.The other gripe about Paris is how cramped the buffet is. It simply does not have that wide-open, spacious dining room like the others. It feels more like a mini, turnpike rest stop. The food is really good, but the price is way too high and it simply isn't comfortable to navigate.Overall, you're spending to stay here, and you're better off paying an additional $20-$30 a night to upgrade to a 4 or 5 star hotel with much better amenities.
5	First let me say I am a diamond player and that I never have to pay for my rooms so I cant give a review as far as if it is a good value to stay here but I can say that as far as everything else is concerned I love the Paris hotel. I visit Vegas about 3 times a year and this is my favorite out of the Caesars properties.The rooms are clean and some I have stayed in have been really luxurious  some obviously need to be updated but for me the room is just place to crash between gambling and eating at all the great restaurants. I love how easy it is to navigate from the rooms to the casino and the layout is easy to pick up pretty quick. Try navigating the Venetian...I think my cousin is still lost in one of the hallways there!The restaurants here are great. Mon ami gabi. sugar factory are great for breakfast, gorden Ramsey Steak, and the Eiffel Tower are awesome for dinner. The pizza place in hallway is great for late night snack.My daughter had her wedding here and it was fabulous. (Don't go to the hair salon but that's a different review)Location on strip is great for me because I play at all the Caesars properties and they are all right there next door to Paris. You should book a room here and put up your clothes and go out and experience the city of sin and not worry about how old the tv is in your room!!
4	Pretty cool, rooms are nice, great service, and nice places to eat (little pricy but good). An overall great experience. Would definitely go again.
3	Meh... Is all I can say.  Pro's: 1. Good location on the strip2. The gym membership is included in the daily fees... and is relatively well equipped. Con's: 1. No full in length mirror in my room 2. No coffee in the room3. The cobblestone floors in the hotel suck to walk on in heels.
2	Paris suffers the same plight of many strip casinos in that they are looking more than slightly dated. I did appreciate the short walk from the entrance to the elevators.  But that hardly makes up for horrible food at every restaurant we ate at and the hour and a half wait for a cold omelette and coffee from room service. I'm also sick of hotels charging $25/day to use a gym that rivals a holiday inn express at anytown USA.  We asked for a humidifier and were given some contraption that had a bowl of water with a fan on top of it. We would have been just as good if we filled a pot with water. We wanted to stay an extra night and were told that's fine but there is no way we could keep that room. "It is already filled by someone else". We begrudgingly packed and went downstairs only to get our same room back. A little frustrating.  I think I'm just tired of the hotels that seem to "vegasy". The ugly carpet, trashy waitresses and constant ringing of slot machines. Hopefully more places will adapt the Cosmo/aria style...
4	Stayed in the basic luxury king room and I have to say I was more than content.When we arrived they only had a 2 queen room available but told us to call first thing to change rooms. It was quick and easy and they kept us on the same floor as our party. Our mini fridge wasn't getting cold when we called they came to check within the hour but said it was fine. But they sent us a larger fridge right away. We also had our privacy plaque up the entire time but housekeeping called everyday to make sure we didn't need towels or anything.All the staff we dealt with were friendly and helpful. The pool was nice, the room was more than sufficient and had a great time. The rooms are a little outdated but by no means not adequate. Would definitely stay again or recommend to a friend.Only bad thing, the water pressure in the shower sucks.
2	Here's my feedback - Overpriced, rooms are outdated, was charged $40 to check in early, was charged $20 to receive a package and $30 service fee for the mail room to put it on the truck to be mailed - this was not the cost of the mailing - The only good thing were the employees. very friendly and helpful
5	I recently had a short mini vacation earlier this month. As a diamond TR holder we got treated like I think a diamond member should be treated. Aside, from always getting the basic rooms comped. Finally, got an outstanding suite/penthouse on our last visit Comped yay! Got the Picardy room which is more than enough space for a family of 5 but got moved to an even bigger and better room The Marsielle 5 toilets, 3 bathrooms, 2 oversize jacuzzi 2 bedrooms and a huge living and dining area . Amaze-balls!! I don't know if it was just pure luck that weekend cause i did good to on the slots ..heehee.. I just hope I get the same treatment for UFC fight week this July ..but doubt it cause it'll be a forth of July weekend but who knows .. Vegas always surprise me when we visit! 2nd home for sure
3	Just checked out this morning!We were in the red room and it was decent. Basic room, basic layout, basic bed, basic bathroom. Everything was typical hotel room. Pros: easy walk from check in to elevators. Close places to bring food back to room.Cons: weak shower pressure. Bad tv reception. I guess after that horrible room at the MGM I was so glad to have a bigger room, and a door on my bathroom. Would not mind staying here again.
2	We stayed at Paris in April for 7 nights.  The room and restaurants are great.  Prices are reasonable.  The housekeeping staff is wonderful, never had an issue.  On our 5th night we were dismayed that the guests in the room next to us were smoking an "illegal substance" and the aroma/smoke was coming into our room.  I've never had this problem in any other hotel stay and had to complain.  We explanined that we are drug tested by our employer and it was a problem.  It was 11 pm and the only solution they had was to move us!!  We had to pack up all of our belongings and relocate.  They wouldn't ask our neighbors to cease their behavior.  When we complained the next day about the inconvience the front desk told us to fill out a comment card.  I've never been so disregarded!!!!!
3	rooms need updating but great casino.
3	I loved min ami gabi.  The  ambience is beautiful the food was great and out lovely server was attentive.  But... The music that was playing was such a distraction.  It was rap.   It ruined an otherwise great brunch.  It was not a good fit for the French atmosphere.   It was. To even french rap.
4	We stayed in the Paris Luxury Suite and can I just say I was very impressed. We stepped off of the elevator into a semi-private (only 4 other doors) very elegant corridor with breath taking views. We had a double door entrance that opened up to marble floors and Italian furnishings. The suite was about 900sq feet with a formal dining area, wet bar, powder room, whirlpool tub, private dressing area, separate bedroom and a bathroom with a bidet. There was a great view of the eiffel tower with the water show from the Bellagio Hotel in the background from the living and bedroom area. The hotel itself was reminiscent of Paris with quaint boutiques and restaurants. We hit Burger Brasserie for dinner, La Creperie for dessert and this cute little wine store for a bottle and took everything back to the room.All in all we had a great time although I did find it difficult to walk on the cobble stone in my heels.
2	It was a serious disapointment.  I would either pay more for a better hotel or less for the same hotel.  My room was a standard double queen room, it smelled like smoke from the vents i guess, and randomly at night every hour, it sounded like someone was taking a 15 minute shower.  it sounded like we were by the ice machine, but we weren't, so I have no idea what this running water sound was.  i didnt complain to font desk, because thats just annoying both ways.  it just sucked.  anyway, if i expected this maybe i'd stay at flamingo instead for cheaper with same quality, or just go somewhere nice like venetian.
1	I have never met more rude pit bosses then I have at this place. Holy hell.We came over from Planet Hollywood because they told us this was their "sister" hotel and they had $10 tables or would open one up for our large group. The pit boss, whose name I can't remember-It was Lita or something like that refused to do so. Then there was a male pit boss who was pretty much making fun of us because we said there was $100 minimum table and no one was sitting at it. We told him it would make more sense for him to have 6 of us sitting there gambling at $10 then have it be empty. He said "what about that table? Do you want to gamble $100 a hand? If so, sit down. If not, sorry". I asked him if he was getting paid to be an asshole and left.Get it together.
5	One of the cheaper hotels for our group to stay in, so we picked this place. I have always enjoyed European decor, so I fell in love with this place. We had two double queen rooms, which were more than enough room for all of us. The view from our room was beautiful, the room was cleaned, the bathroom was very pretty. We didn't stay very long in our rooms, really only to sleep, so it did the job for us. I really enjoyed walking downstairs, as it mimicked a French road. We dined at the buffet, at the pizza shoppe, and at the cafe. Free alcohol when you gamble (so I went as slow as I could in order to get some free drinks). Pool was beautiful and clean. All of the service women and men were very nice and attentive to all of us.
4	It has quite the atmosphere lot of things going on around you A couple things I don't really like are the root pit bosses and the cocktail waitresses seem kind of rude not very friendly for such a Great atmosphere I've I'm there often and I'll keep checking up and update this review but as of now I was just there on Thursday in May Will also be returning on may 9, 2014 so I'll check it and see if any attitude has changed the great thing is is a very gay friendly hotel the pool and Jacuzzi are very clean and meet the lifeguards and the host outside are very friendly I wish it would take that good atmosphere and friendly staff on the pool area and bring it on in to the main floor but don't want to be too negative it's not a good thing I would try again but don't let that discourage you go check it out for yourself once again that this was only my opinion but my group that I was with absolutely agrees with everything I'm saying so check it out for yourself and let me know,
1	The check in process was not only confusing, (when you get there and see the way the lines are set up, you'll see) But, whatever.   The issue I really had was the attitude of the check-in staff.  We wanted to check in 2 hours early.  But, apparently, even if the room was sitting and ready, this calls for a service charge. I literally felt like I was dealing with a cold hearted stripper.  (No joke) No smile, just a demand for my credit card for services not even rendered yet. The toilet overflowed and we had to ask them to mop it up.  The Paris didn't even offer to pay for the items destroyed by it.  We had to insist they do something about it.  Grudgingly, they took off the service charge for arriving too early.  Gee, thanks guys.Again, there was no apology.  What the heck?!  What kind of customer service is this?  I believe they're taking this 'French theme' to the extreme here...Well, it looks like I'll be crawling back to my first love--Bellagio! My husband and I have never experienced attitudes and service issues there.  They've always treated us very well. Bellagio, WHY did I ever leave you in the first place?  Oh yeah.  The rates.  Well, sometimes (especially in this town) it's worth paying a little more.  Lesson learned.
4	Top Highlights and Lowlights1) super friendly and accommodating staff2) hotel is a little dated3) great location on the stripI stayed at the Paris hotel for a week for business. I booked a king standard room but when I arrived they were out of that room style so they gave me a room with two double beds and an Eiffel Tower view. I also had to leave about 15 items at the bell desk for co-workers and the staff was really accommodating. The view was great! The room wasn't anything super special and a little dated but nice overall with a pretty big bathroom. There are a few good restaurants and bars in the hotel including Mon Ami Gabi and the Eiffel Tower Restaurant. There is also a piano bar, Napoleans, that had some really talented pianists in the week I was there. There is also a club, Chateau here. The club is probably not a top club in Vegas but the view from the "rooftop" deck is great and the DJs were great the few times I went.The location of the hotel is great, it is in the middle of the strip so you can walk almost anywhere. The hotel is connected to Ballys so you can get to monorail station without having to walk outside. I really enjoyed my stay here! Less expensive than some of the other hotels on the strip but still good service and amenities.
1	Ugh.40" to check in (and check out).$20 charge if you want to check in before 3 PM.You'll be asked to pay even if your room is vacant and available.You'll be asked to pay even if you attempt to check in at 2:45 (PM not AM)Clueless, indifferent staff.Worn carpets, dirty public bathrooms and claustrophobic elevators.Loud, poorly maintained rooms.Activities fee added to each bill, regardless if you use their gym or crowded pool.$5 charge to print your boarding pass. Really??Save yourself from endless aggravation, stay in a hotel where management and staff take pride in customer service.
1	Awful. Really just awful. -Staff members were extremely rude. For example, we were standing by the bar waiting for drinks for 15 minutes. Not one bartender acknowledged us. So, I politely asked the bartender who was cleaning glasses, if he could help us. He told us he was busy and we should go to the other side of the bar. -Rarely saw a waitress in the casino. So, we had to go back to the bar and get our own drinks. Lame.-The rooms felt like a cheap chain motel, rather than a Vegas experience. The room really wasn't clean. When we opened the armoire to watch TV and found old food and snacks. Gross! Super loud at all times of day or night. Old room service trays sat in the hallways for more than 24 hours. I even watched hotel employees walk right by the tray and do nothing about it.- Their activities fee is lame. You pay to use their gym and pool through this fee. There is not an option to skip thee fee by not using the gym or pool. -Overly aggressive sales people every ten feet. After we checked in we had to walk through the casino/shopping area to get to our room. I was hassled by this woman (who had a leathery wrinkled face) trying to sell me a makeover and her anti-wrinkle products. I said no thanks and walked away. She followed me, yelling how I should get this makeover. She just wouldn't let it go. I swear I thought she would follow me to my room.- Their internet is a joke. It only somewhat works in the room, but mostly not. Plus, you can only use it one one device. I just used LTE. - Hubby got bad food poisoning from the mussels he ate at one of their restaurants (LaProvencial) . We ate and drank exactly the same things except the mussels. I was fine. Just a rotten way to end a vacation.Will never, ever be going back here again for any reason.
1	First of all, if you do not smoke do not even consider the smoking optional floor. Our room smelled like the inside of a coal miner's sock. They moved us to a nicer room which was ok, the young lady at the desk, Amber I think, was very sweet and helpful. The bar inside the Paris, not sure of the name just look for the empty bar, has the honor of having made two of the worst drinks I have ever tried, and they were quite a bit more expensive than other nicer bars. We moved to the Mandalay Bay so all is well. Don't go to the Paris.
4	I've been to vegas I don't even know how many times, too many! but I've never stayed at paris until my most recent trip, for some reason I always thought of it as a "ghetto" hotel. I decided to give it a shot this time since the prices were so low and I really didn't care much for the hotel on this trip. to my surprise it was actually pretty nice! I would put it in similar level as TI, of course this isn't as nice as venetian/wynn/ecore but if you can get a great deal this is definitely a great place to stay, rooms were roomy and clean and the pool is actually really nice! (the Eiffel tower overlooks the pool)my biggest complaint is the staff, checking in and checking out, SLOW AS HELLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL honestly the lines were all the way to the casino, and they aren't the nicest either. I highly recommend checking in and out at non-peak hours so you don't have to wait
4	I had no problem checking in. The lady who checked us in was so friendly and patient. So good customer service so far. The wear and tear for 14 years around the hotel is noticeable so taking a star away for that. The hotel room smelled like flowers so that was a nice touch. The furniture is descent and goes with the Parisian theme. The view is spectacular from our room. I can see the people in the pool and enjoy the architecture of the Eiffel tower. I can also clearly see the Bellagio water show. I can hear the music from the pool area all the way up to the twenty fourth floor. So that kinda sucks. The insulation needs to be better. The shops in the lobby are fun to explore so that's a plus. I can always grab a crepe or strawberry daiquiri and be pleasantly pleased. :)
3	For the price, I have nothing to complain.Room is okay, you can sleep there with no problem. The one we got probably was on a club side or something.. we could hear club music until 3AM, which is not so good.Their buffet was nice. I got the Groupon, so it was a good value.The casino is old looking. I can imagine it was one of the coolest casino on the strip at one time.
4	My husband and I decided to stay an extra night at the last minute and we found a deal for $42.00 so we couldn't pass up the chance to stay here.  Although there was a long line at check in (expected) the line moved quickly and all available check in windows were open. The lady who checked us in was very polite and friendly. The hotel itself is very nice, the decor is beautiful and it was very clean. The bartenders were super friendly and fun. When you step outside the Bellagio is right across the street and the water show is visible.  The location of the hotel was great. Our room was really nice, the bed was comfortable, the AC got nice and cold, there was a refrigerator and a TV on the wall. The bathroom had both a shower and a tub which was nice. Overall we really enjoyed our stay here. The only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is because the walk from the garage to Registration is kind've far and not fun with bags. Every time you want to go to your car it's a pretty long walk. I would recommend using valet when you check in. If your there for a few nights use the garage and then valet again the night before you leave so you can take your bags straight to the front. Much easier!
1	Gustavs bar smelled so bad we had to leave-disgusting--Very bad moldy/sweaty/stale beer smell: the 'dancers' at the tables were so lame and acted like they didn't want to be there:  I expected a higher class in this casino-but it was as low as you can go. May as well go to Fremont street
1	UGH NEVER AGAIN. We stayed in a "supposedly" suite. YOU CALL THAT A SUITE?! Paris, you need to get your eyes checked and redo those rooms. I will never stay here again. CONS:-terrible customer service-no view whatsoever-boring, small casino.The only ONLY good thing about this hotel is that it's right across Bellagio and smack dab right in the middle of the strip. The only good thing. Sad really. oh yeah, no free wifi. terrible.
1	While both the outside and inside of the hotel is very nice (let's be honest, it's no Venetian or Bellagio), the problem I have with this hotel is their very shady  "e-upgrade" policy.  They sent us an email for us to optionally get on an e-upgrade standy list.  Who doesn't want a better room, right?  However, at no time during check in were we informed that we got an upgrade - even the nightly rate card that I initialed did not indicate an updated room.  The room itself was fairly average size, double queen beds and one regular chair for a sitting area, with some obvious issues (stains on the carpets, rust in the bathtub, old soap stains in the shower, non-working TV remote, terrible view of a parking deck).  But then, during check out, we noticed that the bill had some "upgrade fees" totaling about $50 per night tacked on seemingly out of nowhere.   To me, this is completely DISINGENUOUS, bordering on downright  fraud.  If you're not told you're getting an upgrade, how can they charge you for an upgrade?  Well, this experience at the check out desk totally ruined this hotel for me and I want everyone who reads this to be aware of this shady business practice.  Beware the e-upgrade!
2	Paris hotel has a somewhat okay feel to it though I have experienced a much better time at other hotel and casino on the strip. The wifi charge is ridiculous. Purchased the king suite and it is super small on the 12th floor with a crummy view of a bally's alleyway. The noise on this side of the building are very loud on the weekend after hours due to the drai's rooftop club boom bass echoing through the buildings room adjacent to the Paris hotel on this side. The main pro to this Paris hotel is the location it sits on the strip.
4	We didn't stay here, regretfully, however they have a beautiful mall on the main level just past the casino.  Salons, eateries, jewelers, Swarovski, shoe stores, souvenir stores abound.  It was a delight to just walk through and take it in.
3	Great place to stay if you're on a tight budget, the location is perfect. Yet, I wouldn't recommend it if you're like me and enjoy top notch service, spotless hallways, fresh, new and well appointed rooms. The Paris is situated in a sought out location at the heart of the strip where most of the action happens - right across the street from the beautiful Bellagio Lake and fountains, and a hop and a skip to the Planet Hollywood, The Cosmopolitan and The Aria. The rooms are clean, but dated and a little worn down - same could be said about the amenities. The furniture were scratched and look like they've seen better days. The plumbing system is deteriorating and smelled like chemicals and mold when it got wet. It was rather an offensive and migraine inducing smell. I wouldn't dare take my flip flops off when walking around on the carpet, it felt hard and starchy, quite possibly dirty. I didn't want to risk it. House keeping did not stay on top of keeping the guest hallway floors tidy or fresh. There was an old room service orange juice glass that was stained and a nasty coffee cup filled half way, that was dried out and crusted from sitting in the hallway for 3 days straight. Very disgusting. We even saw the manager patrol the hallway and she didn't look twice at the nasty crusted cups on the floor.The guest parking is completely hidden in the back of the casino (up a ramp). It's quite a maze to get back there, but it's our favorite place to park when we want to walk to the Bellagio or enjoy the strip. Concierge at the Paris was rather rude and quick to get rid of us. The older man with gray hair was crabby and not welcoming.Mon Ami Gabi is one of our top places in Vegas to eat. The food there is incredible. The prices aren't too shabby either, very reasonable! The best seats are on the patio overlooking the Bellagio lake and fountain. It's a must for me to dine here frequently. Enjoy~
4	My boyfriend and I stayed here and enjoyed it. The room decor is cute/French inspired, the lobby decor is really tacky. We got a good deal through the Caesars Total Rewards Club for 2 nights on a weekend. We loved the Eiffel Tower observation deck tour and the Eiffel Tower margaritas outside. We even saw a couple get proposed there! Definitely not as good as the real Paris but a cute, romantic place for couples to stay. Super convenient location in the middle of the Strip across from the Bellagio fountains (we could watch them go off from our room's window).
4	We got a slick deal using Southwest Vacations and I was very impressed! We had a view of the pool, Bellagio fountain, and Paris Balloon. While it isn't the most fancy hotel, it is a step above many others on the strip. And to top it off, it's smack dab in the middle of all the action. We spent a lot of our time over at the Bellagio and Aria which were right across the street :P Overall--a great experience.
2	First: I made our rez online and didn't realize that checkin was at 4pm! If you wanted to checkin early, there would be a service fee. Secondly, the checkin lines were HORRIBLE! We waited at least 40 minutes in line and they had only 5 counters opened. I could see the manager come out and see how things were going several times, and didn't even consider to open another line. The set up with the tv and frig was strange. The wifi was free, but for only one device. And if you wanted to add another device, it would cost $14.99. They offered us a strip view room for an extra $40. Skipped it. The swimming pool was great and the Eiffel Tower added some much needed shade in the 109* day we had.
2	Thought $42 a night with a $25 food and beverage coupon was a bargain, but not so. First there is the mandatory $20 "resort fee" for the fitness center and one-device-only wifi. Then there are no complimentary toothbrush/toothpaste which means going to the gift shop and paying an arm and a leg for what would normally be a free amenity at most hotels. Finally, the restaurants in the hotel are so overpriced the food and beverage coupon basically equals to a free sandwich.  Oh, and the ATM fee is $6.Not planning to return for a stay here anytime soon.
4	I give the Paris good marks purelyfor its location on the strip.   Rooms are nice and kept clean with good quality bath aids and rooms come with mini coffee makers to help hangovers.  Food options are a let down but the advantage of its location makes this a non issue.  Can't win in the casino and sound system is bad with dancers on tables at night...Planet next door as dancers with better sound system and better odds of good luck plus its a three minute walk to get there from Paris.  Caesars and City Center are across the street and only takes a few to walk there for convenience.  The gym is very basic with just enough to keep you focused on trying to be good on vacation with two bikes and about eight treadmills.    Spa at Paris is very small with towels being even smaller(hand towel) but offers steam,sauna, and the hot tub.   The theory is to be relaxed and naked and it works if you have the place to yourself which is typical until some young fit guy or some creepy old guy comes into one on the areas wearing swim trunks making you feel uncomfortable about properly using the spa.  Best advice is to just forget about them and just be free to relax the way it was intended.   Amateur spa patrons obviously dont get the idea of separate spa areas for all men and another for all women.  Taxi service is quick and never have to wait but valet does take a few minutes if they too busy.  I never have to pay to stay at Paris but they do charge me a resort fee of around $22 a day so I use the gym and spa to justify the expense.
2	So far not impressed :(. Wanted to stay here for Sooo many years. We are here with a large group of family to celebrate a 21st bday. First off the lady who checked us in was so rude. AND checking in at 2pm they charge $15! I've been coming to Vegas my whole life and this has NEVER happened, really?? On top of the $20 resort fee?? Really? And the lady could care less. Our second room couldn't be on the same floor either. Oh could we get a view? $30 bucks. Now to the room...old, dingy, bathroom run down with hard water crusted around the shower. I'm shocked and disappointed so far :(.
3	This was my first time staying here and unfortunately it was disappointing. We arrived late on a Friday and our room preferences were not available anymore. The room we got (smoking and queen beds, total opposite of what we asked for) was so old and gross, I couldn't believe how crappy it was. The carpet was badly worn and there were rust stains like they moved a rusty piece of furniture and of course it reeked of smoke. We were told that we would be getting an upgrade the next day so we dealt with it. The next day the lady gave me a hard time about honoring the upgrade but with a little persistence and remembering the guy who promised us the night before's name, we were moved from the 4th floor to the 30th, that room was a million times nicer so that's why I gave them 3 stars instead of 2. The weekend rates were very high, weekday rates were very good except you have to add on the rip-off resort fee every day which is to use the gym? and have wifi for one device, dumb.The casino is pretty and the smoke isn't too bad there compared to others but I could not afford the table games there. I had no luck on the slots there and did not like their machines much. I gambled at other casinos instead.The layout was confusing for us, we got lost several times trying to find the player's club and looking for quick serve places to eat, we ended up at Bally's somehow.The pool was ok. It was pretty but not enough shade, one side was too much shade and the rest was extremely sunny. I heard it was $15 for a drink, so I did not even try to order anything there. You can't bring your own food or drinks as far as I understood, even water supposedly.Le Cafe was a great place for the prix fixe chicken lunch. Best meal during our trip was here. It's in the middle of the casino under the fake clouds. We went up to the Eiffel Tower at night, it was amazing. I mentioned we were hotel guests and our tickets went way down in price, it was awesome. Mon Ami Gabi was just ok. The steak was tough and disappointing. I'd like to go sometime for breakfast and eat outside. Would not go back for lunch.The quick breakfast place we tried was only fair. Our breakfast sandwiches were cold and the eggs tasted fake. Orange juice was like $5 and so was water.Le Village Buffet used to be our favorite breakfast buffet but this time it was underwhelming.I doubt I would ever stay here again. So I guess we won't always have Paris.
4	When you are inside this hotel the air seems much cleaner than even most of the more expensive hotels.  Sure there is cigarette smoke, because like all casinos in Vegas they don't want to cut back on their most valuable customers, those who have addictive personalities.  However,  the ceilings are very high, an the casino and rooms have good, filtered ventilation.   I prefer cigarette smoke unmasked to the thick, oily perfumes that many of the other casino/hotels in Vegas use.  There may be some rooms that have not been renovated yet, but ours was very new, clean and nicely equipped with a small refrigerator.The breakfast buffet at Paris is really nice.  They will make fresh crepes to order and the decor is so charming you don't even feel like you are in a Vegas buffet.We left our dirty clothes in our room, and Becky in lost and found was very helpful in sending our things to us.  I am not sure how much it cost to do that yet, because I trusted her with my credit card.  However, I was surprised to get my things Fed Exed to me the very next day.Overall, it was a very nice stay for a very reasonable price.
2	They do not offer free wifi, you have to pay for it! BooooNice restaurants and pool though!
1	The online bargain wasn't worth the wait just to check in! We have been standing in line for over 30 minutes and I am maybe halfway there. At least at a restaurant they tell you the wait time and you can decide to wait or not. With a hotel reservation, you are a captive audience. Never again here at this hotel.
5	This isn't a five star hotel, but the value was good for what we paid. The hotel room was quiet and well air-conditioned. They upgraded us to a suite when only a smoking room was available.
1	Walk thru the doors strip side and the Casino smells like a sewer. I can't even stand the smell to gamble or even imagine ordering a drink. Good luck, you need announce a public explanation. OMG.
4	Great casino and cocktail waitresses! Right when we sat down to play a few slot machines, we had a cocktail waitress approach us. Definitely a great place to be! Props to the bartender because he made my AMF DELICIOUS! I will definitely come back here to gamble again on my next trip!
1	Horrible bar service! Went last night for the first time, and the dude working the bar had a thick accent and was hard to understand, took forever to get service in the first place, and then he took forever making them, and let me tell you, they were the worst Long Island ice teas I've ever had, then he had the audacity to charge 31.50 for 2 Long Island ice teas. At first I thought he said 21.50, which is still ridiculous, but since he had a thick accent, he had to repeat it like 3 times! Their slots suck and the experience sucked! Never going back there, and unless you wanna get gauged of your money for drinks I suggest you don't go there either. Upside the decor was pretty cool and there were girls wearing lingerie dancing on tables and the girls who were working the card tables were dressed like that too, which was cute and sexy!
4	My first trip to Vegas, All I was looking at a budget friendly and affordable hotel yet highly reviewed and iconic.. Oh yeah, this is the one..  I got a good summer deal for 3 nights, rooms are comfy, clean, and acceptable.. I got great glimpse of the Strip and I have enjoyed it yet I have hardly spent my time in the hotel room (All time partying ;)).. What else?? If you are looking for a good hotel yet affordable, this is for sure the one....
2	Paris hotel was so so. Room was average decor but appeared run down and dated. Stain on ottoman, missing knob from entertainment center, scratched up baseboards, and door to room was all scuffed making it appear dirty. However room size was larger than normal and the bathroom was nice with a walk in shower. Previous reviews indicated rude staff. Those reviews were right on. Check in started nice however when I asked to upgrade to a Petite Suite with view she rudely said nobody gets a petite suite with a view over a weekend. She made me feel embarrassed for asking.  Day of leave we went to have our bags stored. Bell hop was dealing with a customer before us. His demeanor with those customer was rude. They were looking for their bags and needless to say he told them to go back to their rooms to find them.  They had a hard time with English and he wasn't about to slow down and try to help explain things.  When it was our turn he wanted to know why we were storing them and then went into interrogation mode wanting to know rudely what we were going to do while our bags where there.  His way of asking really put us on the defensive. We seemed to be an inconvenience for him and he didn't attempt to hide it.  Overall disappointing experience for a hotel that appears so nice on the outside.
3	I've never stayed at Paris Las Vegas but I have spent a fair amount of time gaming in there. I love the blue sky and clouds mural on the ceilings and the light effects they do to mimic day light. The casino floor is nice, but I think Paris thinks a bit too highly of themselves because their table minimums were awfully high, and their poker tourneys were set at buy-ins that were so high that they were only filling half of the field.However, Paris does have one little thing that sets it apart from every other place on the Strip: their breakfast buffet. This breakfast spread they have, set in a Parisian village theme, is absolutely out of control. I have never in my life seen so many different options on a breakfast buffet. At $30/person, it's steep, but it is an experience you'll never forget. In the "you're not going to believe this just happened to me" Vegas-story fashion, my buddy and I are standing in this incredibly long line waiting to pay our $30 each and these two incredibly cute girls walk out of the buffet area and headed over to us. They asked us if we'd like two free coupons for the buffet; of course we took them graciously and chatted for just a minute. They had to go to the airport and weren't going to be in town to use them. They informed us we didn't have to wait in line, we could just walk in -- and walk in we did. Certain things in life are just perpetual game-changers, and Paris' breakfast buffet is one of them.Everything you ever wanted or could dream of wanting for breakfast was there. Since that experience, it's been a tradition that every time I'm in town, I go to Paris for breakfast only. They can keep the gaming and sell that to the tourists. If I want to game, I'll go to the MGM, Rio, Caesars or the Bellagio. In fact, Paris could just close its casino as far as I'm concerned and keep the breakfast buffet open. This is also where my nickname "Bullmoose" originated, so it's been a great story to tell!
2	I go to Vegas every year for my anniversary and have tried most of the casinos on the strip. I wanted to like it, I love the theme resorts. But service was pretty rude from beginning to end. We paid for a red room luxury booking, when we checked in they didn't have any available.  When we asked why it wasn't reserved, the concierge rolled her eyes and lectured us on how she's doing her best to accommodate us. Um, that doesn't explain the lack of reservation at all, but great deflection and attempt to make us out to be the problem. At the very least I would expect an apology for not having it, instead of acting like we're unreasonable for expecting our reservation to be reserved. They offered us a downgraded room. When I objected, she said she did have a red room luxury available, but only a smoking room and we booked a non-smoking. I didn't want to get less than what we booked and paid for so I took the smoking room. Her explanation, after trying to get us to take a lower room, was that the smoking vs. non aspect of the reservation isn't guaranteed, only the room type. She didn't even offer us our room type though until I said no to the downgrade and asked for something else.She also said the room was ready according to the maid service, but when we went up to our room the cleaning staff were still working on it. We had to hang out awkwardly while they were still mopping the bathroom. There were no snacks or drinks stocked though the fridge was wired up for that, and no robes. I wonder if maybe these things were missing because the maid felt hussled out of there by our presence or if these things just aren't included anymore. These are standard niceties that I've had at all my other casino stays even in the lowest room types, so it just felt shabby booking a more expensive nicer-level room and not having any of these things. I think in the future I would recommend only booking the cheapest room type so that they can't possibly downgrade you if they don't have your reservation available.
2	We stayed two days there.They lied to us, well lets say that they didnt gave us all the info at the front desk. They never told us about the "resort fee" that was 24$ per night including wifi for one device. I asked them to remove it from my bill since they never told my about it and i either used the wifi. They didnt want to hear me.Also i felt like u have 0 benefits from staying there, like the buffet or taking the eiffel tower elevator should be cheaper for those who stayed at the hotel, but no.There was a problem in the toilet, leaking water and after i called they never showed up so we put a tower on the floor.For me? A lesson learned
2	Last week we stayed 4 days at the Paris Hotel. The first day of checking in was kinda crazy. First off, my parents were in line for about an hour waiting in the long line to check in. The check in room is nice, however they did not seemed to be very staffed (and this was the week of 4th of July). When we were finally helped, we got to our room that specifically asked for to be non-smoking, smelling heavily of smoke. We called the front desk and they said to come downstairs straight to the Platinum Member line so that they could switch rooms. When my mom and dad went downstairs, they came back up with keys to another room but also said that the lady helping the Platinum member line (her name was Kita) was very rude to them and acted like she didn't want to speak with them and that my parents had no business being in the Platinum Member line. So we get to the second room and it smelled better but now there was only one king bed (not 2 queens which we had also specifically asked for). So now my mom is very agitated and this time went back downstairs to the platinum line with my grandma to explain that the room we had switched to still didn't accommodate us. When my mom finally came back up again with another room key, she said that she had to deal with Kita again and that when my mom tried to explain to her that the room didn't have two queens, Kita just rolled her eyes and walked away! My mom and grandma were confused and asked the neighboring employee helping another line where Kita went and he didn't understand why she stormed off and helped my mom and grandma himself. Kita has TERRIBLE customer service obviously! My mom ended up paying $40 extra dollars a night on top of what we were already paying also just to get a better view from our window. Once we got to the third room of the day, it didn't smell like smoke, had two queens, and a very nice view of the Paris pool, some of the strip, and the Bellagio water show. The bathroom sink was clogged though so we had to call someone for that. The rooms are average, out of 10 I would probably give it 6 or 7 stars. It's a nice room, but nothing to wow about. That night we ate dinner at the buffet at Le Village. Waited in line almost an hour again for food that wasn't that great. They have a lot of different choices of food to eat, but none of it looked fresh or appetizing. My family only found a few things we actually liked. We had dinner another night at Le Cafe which was a little better but overlypriced! The pool was very nice; got some good pictures next to the replica of the Eiffel Tower.It was an average stay, but will probably be the last time we stay at Paris unless we get some kind of special offers down the road.
3	Checking in to this hotel was a nightmare!!   We had our wedding, reception, and guests at Paris, and we felt like they didn't care about service at all.  We paid extra for a view of the Eiffel Tower, then paid an additional fee for a room upgrade, and the woman at the desk neglected to tell us it looked over the parking lot.  She said it was our fault because we were having a conversation during the check in process, and she was unwilling to fix it, so we called the supervisor.  I hated starting my wedding trip with complaints, but we paid a lot of money for a great experience.  The supervisor Jaylee was awesome!!  Jaylee put us in a beautiful room, overlooking the Eiffel Tower and Bellagio water show.  After that the stay was pretty decent.  Suggestion - if the view matters to you, confirm it at check in, and if you can get the Calais suite, it is worth the extra money.
4	This hotel is just so cool. We didn't stay there, but we ate there and it was quite the experience.The blue clouded sky above you is amazing, along with all the other decor that makes it seem like you're walking the streets of Paris.We did go to a buffet inside that was pretty legit, for Vegas fare ;)I seriously wish it didn't smell so badly of smoke though. Sigh.
4	My review is on the casino as I did not stay at the hotel, I stayed at bally's. The casino itself is beautiful in my opinion and a great site to checkout on the inside and out. I recommend getting a picture of the Eiffel Tower at night. The restaurants inside are very nice and the food is good, however, some are very overpriced; especially the 'le burger' located near Bally's. You'll pay $15 for a burger alone and about $9 for a draught beer. I would avoid that place unless you truly want to pay a lot for burgers. They do have a good place to get bagels and other breakfast quick eats near their pizza place. The casino floor is very clean and waitresses seemed quick. They also have some neat gift shops. Unless you get a view overlooking the tower and bellagio I would recommend staying at Ballys based off the Paris room reviews to save some money.
4	This was my first Vegas hotel stay with friends and I thought Paris was a good first experience.Unfortunately for us, we arrived late due to a delayed flight. Checking in took quite a while and we ended up having to stay in a smoking room the first night since they ran out of non-smoking rooms. However, the staff offered to send someone up to spray some air freshener around our room, which was quite entertaining. The air freshener didn't do a great job in covering up the smell however. When we got back to our hotel later at night, we asked the front desk to send up some "o-zone" machine that they had offered. Though the machine was loud, it definitely helped us breath a little better that night. Unfortunately, our clothes still had a lingering smell thanks to the cigarette smoke from the past hotel guests.Then, around 7AM the next day, our sleep was disturbed as a hotel staff member knocked on our door then called us to get the machine back. No bueno!We ended up getting a room change around 10AM, which was also offered at check-in. We got a room on the 10th floor with a beautiful view of the Eiffel tower and our stay became much more pleasant since it was a non-smoking floor.Location was fantastic since we were at the center of the strip. Catching a taxi to go down the strip in either direction only cost about $10-$15 each way.The pool was a great relaxing experience. After you flash your room key to the staff at the pool entrance, they give you a towel so you don't need to worry about bringing your own. There was music playing while we lazied around. We were at the pool at around 4PM and most of the pool was covered in shade from the Eiffel tower, so the water was slightly cold. Otherwise, great spot to lounge around!On day of check out, we utilized their luggage assistance while we had to check-out early in the morning but weren't leaving until later in the night. Everything went well.Nothing too out of the ordinary or spectacular at this hotel, but I felt like we were well accommodated. I wouldn't mind staying here again.
1	Beware of Paris Las Vegas Hotel & Casino...and any other hotel/resort Harrah's owns.  Stayed at the Paris for a work conference in April.  Went out to dinner within their sprawling resort and came back to find my laptop, Kindle Fire and silver necklace had been stolen.  Their on-site security found the door lock to be faulty AND didn't take DNA evidence from a cup the burglars left on my bathroom sink, even after I asked if they wanted/needed it.  When I made my police report, the LVMPD let me know these kinds of thieves are called "door pushers" and it's a common occurrence in Vegas.  And no, the Paris does not have cameras in the hallways nor the stair wells (my briefcase was found cleaned out in one of their stair wells).  Conveniently enough for Harrah's, the state of NV law states innkeepers are only liable for up to a maximum of $750 per incident of theft on their property.  It's cheaper for Paris/Harrah's to write a check for $750 (which didn't even cover the cost of a new laptop) than prevent "door pushers" from stealing your belongings.Word to the wise:  Always, always, always push your door upon leaving your room...especially in Vegas!
1	So I was really excited to be staying at this hotel because I haven't stayed here in sooooo long. When arriving the bell guys were really nice and took our stuff with no problem.Check in: We got up to the counter and the guy that was checking us in was a true PAIN IN THE ASS! Sorry this was horrible he snapped at us the entire time. He didn't explain anything to us and was trying to charge us extra for everything. We finally had to ask for the manager and by the time she arrived he was already finished and the manager didn't do anything other then let us check in 30 min before 3PM. LOL Room: RUNNNNNN DOWN they were not good at all it was extremely out dated and not very clean. When you go to Vegas you expect  these nice rooms but what a huge let down. Pool: LOL compared to the other pools on the strip this was nothing to see or even be at. It is this round pool that everyone just hangs at. BORING Checking bags on the way out: So my sister was waiting in the line and gave the guy one bag and I walked up with my second bag and the guy said he didn't have room for my luggage. So I had to wait in line AGAIN to check in the bags. BEYOND RUDE AND EMBARRASSING.Checking out: OMG THE rudeness continues we apparently were being charged extra things like early check in and etc. because the guy checking us in was just an ASSHOLE. So we had to ask for a manager AGAIN. Overall this was a disaster! I would never stay there again. Employees RUDE, Rooms extremely run down and pool is laughable. Sorry Paris change your employees and update rooms. VERY DISAPPOINTING
4	This review is solely based on our experience at the casino. We did not have the opportunity to stay here. There's lots of things to do in this resort. Lots of good food! This place has a night ambiance and makes you lol feel like you're taking a stroll in a park. My only complaint is that drink service is pretty sparse here and we never got a drink order the entire time we were playing.
4	My friends and I didn't really know what to expect since it was all of our first times in Las Vegas as adults! We booked a room at Paris through Expedia, as per another friend's suggestion. I suggest reserving through Expedia or other websites to save money! The location is ideal since it is right at the center of The Strip. A cab ride to/from the airport is no more than $20, and a trip to the north or south of The Strip is about $10-$15.Check-in time is 4pm and check-out is at 11am. They don't charge for late check-ins thankfully. Also, they can hold your luggage for as long as you need them to, after you check-out. We were supposed to get in at around 10pm, but didn't arrive until nearly 12am due to a delayed flight. The line was still long to check-in, as there were only two people working at the counters. We got our two queen beds as requested, but were placed in a smoking room since we had arrived so late and the rooms were already filled. However, the staff did put a note for us to switch to a non-smoking floor the second night if the room reeked too much of smoke. The smell was much too overwhelming when we walked in. Thankfully, when checking in, they told us we could request for someone to spray air freshener, and some o-zone machine could be brought up as well. The air freshener made the room smell fresh for maybe half an hour. The o-zone machine helped us get through the night, though it was really loud.We were rudely awaken at 7 the next morning by the staff asking for the machine back. When we ignored the knock, they called instead! The night before, they told us we had until 6pm the next day if we would like a room change. When I called downstairs around 10am, they had a room on the 10th floor ready for us. The view was nice and the room smelled fresh. Woohoo!The pool is gorgeous! You get a great view of the hotel's architecture as well as the Eiffel Tower. Towels are also provided. You'll need to flash your room key for entrance and for the towels.Aside from that slight hiccup of being woken that first morning, our experience was quite pleasant! The concierges were also very helpful when we asked them for help. I would recommend staying here! Prices and rooms are decent enough, especially if you just need a place to crash!
3	This hotel had it's ups and downs. Checked in late on Friday night and the non-smoking room we requested was given away so we had to settle with a smoking room. They told us to come to the front desk between 12-3pm the following day to change rooms since they gave our room away so we agreed. Next day rolls around and after a great time at the pool and gym we called and they kept pushing back the time on when the room would be ready. We wasted 5 hours of our day not being able to leave and waiting for our non smoking room to be available. For someone who comes for the weekend and hours are limited it really sucks to waste time. Finally they gave us a non smoking room after complaining for 5 hours and sounding upset. It was a big disappointment. I'm giving three stars because that was an awful experience but the hotel itself wasn't too bad. The room we got upgraded and it was really nice. On a positive light the hotel is in the middle of the strip and it's across the street from Cosmo and Bellagio. Had fun shopping and eating at Gordon Ramsey's Burgr place.
3	Gross! Gross! Gross!Hair in the shower and bathtub, red stains in the carpet, and bad bad water pressure. I felt like I was camping. If it weren't for the hotels great casino vibe, restaurants, and gaming I would've given it one star.
1	The "manager" was rude as eff, started raising her voice and cutting us off even before we got to explain anything on the phone .. Didnt even let us finish asking the question.. She then proclaimed that she had spent 10 mins on the phone "helping" us.. which was actually more like repeating herself 2983874 times with unhelpful info when all we wanted to know was whether there was a deposit in the credit card statement. Sorry that she was too good and important to assist guests staying at paris. Terrible...  Plus the hotel's old and windows are dirty... But seriously the customer service was horrendous and thanks to Tamara, the "manager" who didnt even wanna let us speak to anyone else, i will never visit this hotel ever again. Dont waste your money guys, go to Aria.
2	Other than the location and the pool under the Eiffel Tower...  There is nothing special about this hotel.  As a matter of fact, it sucked.  Our room sucked.  Our view sucked.  The restaurants below sucked.  I spent so much money and ended up in a smoking room, with a view of a smoke deck.  I was mad.  But, hey!  I didn't go to Vegas for the room, so I got over it and hit the strip!
1	I just spent the weekend at Paris Las Vegas Hotel and will never stay there again. I have stayed at many other hotels on the strip, so this is what I am comparing it to. First, the check-in line was huge, and this was a slow weekend according to the taxis drivers. So they assigned us a standard room, which is what we paid for, but forgot to give us the normal package of coupons. The room looked old and looked like it needed an upgrade badly. The carpet was disgusting. The bathroom was nice though. The tv was all the way on the left on the wall, so the view from the bed farthest away was terrible. The remote had no channel guide so you had to try every channel to find what you want. They told me that wi if was free and gave me instructions that were totally unclear. I called down stairs and they really didn't know the proper procedure. I finally figured it out, but could only get wi if for the first night. I went down to the gym, but it was closed to repair the air conditioner. I went there the next day. The gym is small and very poorly designed with the treadmills all facing inwards a few feet away from the other people working out. At night time I was kept awake from the people talking next door, as the walls are paper thin. The pool is adequate, but on the smallish size. Maid service was good. The biggest problem was the bill I received via email that was not what I was quoted, and they actually had the gall to charge me for wi fi. So now I have to call and try to get this issue resolved. Wish me luck.
4	Not sure about the hotel but the pool was just what we were looking for. We stayed off the strip and used a Groupon to use Paris' pool while in the area. Yummy cocktails and nice scenery. Staff was very friendly! Pool was clean and fun but still quiet enough for relaxing. Very happy with our decision to spend the day here!
4	My wife and I stopped by Paris casino on our last trip to Vegas to watch Jersey Boys. The casino is pretty nice here. I think the ceiling is painted with clouds so it looks like it's day inside. I've never stayed at the hotel here but I've been through this casino a few times. The last time I came here, my wife and I ate at Gordon Ramsay Steak here at Paris. The casino itself isn't that bad. It has a good layout of slots and table games. We stayed here after the show and played a little bit. The waitresses were really nice and we had good service. They were always checking up on us to see if we needed any drinks.You can also take a ride up on their eiffel tower, but I've never done that before but it probably is nice at night to see all the Vegas lights on the strip.
2	We were very unimpressed with our stay at Paris. We stayed only one night with the kids on our way to Ca. The valet guy was rude-expected a tip no matter what the service! The air condition went out in the casino area- and when I called front desk he just says it happens there in summer. The crepes were way overpriced...three crepes, 2 slices of pizza, 2 beers, 2 sodas $65! The room was cramped, armoire broken, TV not viewable from both beds, and the shampoo sucked. Only one pool, 3 ft in all areas- just for toddlers. My hubby & I recently stayed two nights at Venetian- so much better. I plan to write management a letter but realize gone are the days when great food, drinks and service were a Vegas given - plan to be stripped of your last dollar before you even get to the tables!
3	Nice comfortable hotel, connected to Bally's.  Has the famous "le Village" buffet here.
4	Great strip value!  And the Eiffel Tower is fun, although touristy.  Definitely worth the trip up.The little village shop area is romantic and cute.Rooms clean/ modern.Pool is very small.Casino is very good.  Good crowd.  Good layout.
5	Perfect room for a great price. Great staff checked us in. A little too personal after checking in though ;)
5	Disclaimer: This review is only for the suite experience at Paris.I was fortunately enough to stay in one of their lovely suites here at the Paris recently.  In terms of the overall experience, it was fantastic from beginning to end.  The room was very large for a suite - with a large living room/dining area, small bar area with a sink, two bathrooms (one for the shower and sink, another for the hot tub and dual sinks and bidet), and a huge bedroom with a kind sized bed.  The view was also lovely - it was directly facing the faux-Eiffel Tower and the Bellagio fountains.  We were able to get a terrific view of the water show which was a real treat at night.In terms of the room comfort - the bed was absolutely the best part of the experience.  The sheets were soft, the mattress was perfectly comfy (yet firm), and the pillows were just right.  I slept so incredibly well on this trip, which really helped me get some much needed rest before all the nighttime drinking festivities.  The shower was good and the hot tub worked fine.  The living area was well appointed with faux-period furniture.  The room was nice and cool and we were very glad the air conditioning worked well (with minimal noise) in the middle of the Vegas summer.  I can't stress how important it is to keep the room cool when it was 110 degrees outside.Speaking of heat - it was a perfect time to take a dip in the pool.  The area was quiet, which was excellent compared to some of the noisier pools in other hotels.  It was also huge, but not too deep - which is good for families.  Given the angle of the hotel, it was difficult to find any shade after 12pm noon in the summer, so it got extremely hot by midday, but if you go early in the morning (like we did) you can easily score a good spot by the pool with minimal risk of overexposure to the sun.The casino itself is fine - though the minimums here are higher than many of the other Harrah's/Caesars themed hotels in the area.  If you're looking to gamble, expect to spend the same as what you would with Caesars versus other related properties like Harrah's, Flamingo and the Quad (soon to be renamed the LINQ).As for food - MonAmiGabi is a nice choice if you're looking to score a decent meal with great outdoor seating facing the Bellagio fountains.  The food there was good, and I enjoyed dining there for breakfast.  The other restaurants and cafes were generally very crowded, aside from the new Gordon Ramsay steakhouse.  In terms of the buffet - Le Village Buffet is a decent choice and one of the better ones among mid-tier buffets in the area.  Obviously you won't get something as good as the Bucchanal buffet at Caesars, The Buffet at Wynn or Wicked Spoon at the Cosmopolitan - but for what you pay for it's an ok choice for any meal of the day.I've stayed at the suites at the Wynn and Caesars as well - and I didn't find the experience at Paris to be inferior to the hotels listed above.  Our room was always tended to quickly and the complimentary truffles and wine (of decent quality, I might add) was a nice bonus.  If you're looking to go all out - this isn't a bad choice to consider.
5	Loved our room! Loved the service! If you are looking for a decent crowd of people, stay at the Paris. The men and women were generally dressed well. You have a different type of people that stay here that take care of themselves more and are in Vegas to enjoy good food and good experiences. We've stayed at some other hotels to save money and it was almost zombie apocalpyse-ish. I would stay here again in a heartbeat. The rooms were clean and the service was helpful. We watched Jersey Boys and enjoyed some desserts and coffee in the hotel.
4	Enjoyed our stay here.  The beds are fabulous and that is the most important thing to me.  The bathrooms could use updating, but were okay.  The pool is beautiful and the view from the rooms is lovely. We were in 1715.  Overall, a great stay. Good value for the money if you get a good "deal" on it.
3	This place is in a fantastic location. The parking garage always has a decent spot available too.The pool was nice and we never had trouble finding a spot to lay out.There are lots of machines and plenty of restaurants and bars.The bathroom is gorgeous and large.I give this place three stars because the beds were awful. Also, my pillow smelled like mildew. There were also stains on the sheets. Even though the beds weren't comfortable I would come here again.
4	Pricey for the type of hotel but sweet Jesus the bed was like a cloud.   Slept off many a hangover.  Room service was also pricey but super quick and quite yummy.   Enjoyed the dueling piano show downstairs and the mimosas near the elevators are a great way to start your morning ;-)  great location.
4	At the paris the atmosphere is very friendly and clean there are many different restaurants and shops. The room were cleaned very well. Comfortable beds and Beautiful bathroom with separate shower and bath. I enjoyed my stay and this is by far my favorite hotel in vegs.
3	Looks great on the outside. Interior is okay. Girls dance on the casino table at night
3	The hotel is in the middle of the strip, which is in a nice location. The hotel is beautiful, but the price vs service do not seem to go hand in hand.We checked in around 4:30PM and waited about 20 minutes in line...only 3 people working the front desk. While not necessary to have all hands on deck all day, it would be nice during peak times. I had requested 1 king bed and they gave us a room with 2 queens. When we entered the room the carpets were wet, there appeared to be vomit stains on the floor, and there was a large commercial fan blowing in attempts to dry the floor. I have pretty severe asthma and allergies, so we had to go back down and request another room. Carrie at the front desk was very apologetic and helpful, and even noticed we had requested a room with a king sized bed and changed that as well. When we got to the room, the toilet paper holder was broken off and sitting on the sink, and it was clear housekeeping was aware of it as they had folded the bottom of the roll neatly. The room was clean and we had plenty of room and a little view of the Bellagio fountains. The Le Village buffet was subpar with the only decent items being the 2 kinds of Mac n cheese. The meats were fatty and rubbery, so we basically paid $35 for Mac n cheese. We paid $11.99 extra for the unlimited beer and wine, but the Blue Moon tastes skunked so we opted for a refund and had water instead. La Creperie was delicious - I got the Nutella crepe - but the line was long and the gentleman working did not seem happy to be there. The pool was nice and not too crowded on a Saturday, plenty of room in the water and lounge chairs available. Overall, the hotel wasn't necessarily bad, but at a price more expensive than other hotels nearby, I would expect them to step it up a little bit. It was just...ok.
4	Wow this hotel is very luxurious. Definitely would stay here again.I stayed with my friend that had comps. We stayed in the red view rooms overlooking the Bellagio fountains. Awesome room. Super big and comfy beds, giant tv, bathroom was by big with double sinks, private shower, jet tub. Room service was fast and actually pretty cheap.Casino is very big and surprisingly lots of table options. Cocktail hosts were on it, every 10_15 mins I got a new cocktail, I got a ill typsy off of free drinks which is always a plus in my book, decor in the casino is very old school romantic Paris which kind of sets this casino apart from others.I would stay here again. Awesome hotel and casino.
3	Paris Las Vegas is a nice hotel. The staff is friendly and willing to answer questions when needed. I stayed here for 3 days and 2 nights (aug 4- aug 6). I checked-in around 1:30 pm and was not charged a early check-in fee YAY & even got a Las Vegas strip view room. My only issue was the $100 registration fee that I was not told about and the $44 fee for internet that is automatic (even tho I did not use the internet) Overall I would stay here again.
4	I really enjoyed my stay. The staff is excellent and amazing. It's not as fancy as other places because it tries to portray an older look? (Not sure) The casino is awesome with different variety of slots and games. Definitely a nice memory of my first time visiting Las Vegas. The room was clean and like I mentioned before, it had an older look to it. The tv was off to the side so that was kind of weird.  There's a big closet/drawer thing where you would imagine the tv being but instead there's a refrigerator there. I didn't get a chance to visit the Eiffel Tower for viewing or the restaurant but hopefully next time!
2	Pretty bummed out about this place, the view we got was amazing however the tv would not work at all and the wired internet was broken as well as the sink being clogged, called the front desk and Ashley told me they could move me but to the other side of the hotel with no view and several floors below (about 22) & that was pretty much my only options. Decided to just stay since I would just check out in the am and head to a different hotel doubt I'll be staying here again or recommending it to anyone. The view was awesome but the customer service is clearly lacking.
5	Nice chill hotel. I don't think it's big enough. Or maybe it was way too crowded. Cool piano lounge downstairs. Also good pastries restaurant downstairs. Pool was ok for the fam. Gym was ok fairly small. Center of Las Vegas strip. Room was nice. I just wasn't impressed. I think I expected more. Not that it was bad in any way. Would come back.
5	We have stayed at many properties and we find Paris to be our favorite. The reason? The buffet is good, the nightlife is exciting, The Sugar Factory is fun, Gaming is good with fine variety. Staff is mixed but in Paris it would be much worse. You simply have to try a bit of everything here. We love playing at Bally's best and that is just a short walk through the casino without having to go outside. The only bad thing is the Anthony Cools show, we hated it but others love it. It just felt fake. Make sure you take the time to walk through the Arc De Triumph (near the balloon) and take the Eiffel Tower ride. The view is incredible. Just don't go when it is very windy. The best reason for five stars, location is everything. Directly across from Bellagio and a short distance to all of the best places including Caesars Palace, The Quad and High Roller, Flamingo, Bally's, Planet Hollywood, and the Cosmopolitan. Save your feet by staying here center strip.
3	My husband I stayed here August 10-14. I thought the hotel was nice, although not nearly as grand as I had imagined. The rooms were decent enough...I say rooms because we had to switch rooms after our second morning there. Monday morning we were woken up at 7:00am by construction a few floors up, and at 7:30 the next day. The manager assured us it would be finished Monday, but it wasn't. Pissed off to no end about getting woken up so damn early while on vacation. They moved us from the 4th floor to the 27th, where at least our view of the parking lot was improved thanks to fact that we were 23 floors higher and could now see the lights on the strip. They told us the new room was a suite, when in fact it was the same exact room we had before, just with different decor and a coffee machine. The Sugar Factory serves delicious pizza and drinks. Be sure to try the Recess Peanut Butter martini. Also the fancy burger restaraunt in the hotel was very good and provided a few vegetarian options.The pool was a big disappointment for me, as it was ice cold. No matter how hot it is outside, who the hell wants to go into an ice cold pool? And by the looks of others, I was not alone. Are they so cheap that they cannot heat it just a little? The Jacuzzis were nice though. I would stay at this hotel again, but it isn't my first choice, as there are few others I would love to try out.
5	This place is really nice. I personally think it's decorated beautifully.  We have awesome service.  We are in a suite on the 21st floor. I like the view even though it's not of the strip or of the tower. Our suite is really nice. My husband and i think the bed is very comfortable.
4	The rooms are decent; nothing fancy at all. We booked Paris for a pretty good price, so I didn't expect anything extravagant anyways. The pool on the other hand was a pretty sweet treat. It's HUGE! This means that there's room for everyone and then some. Also, the dj playing music by the pool added to the Las Vegas party vibe. Now on to my favorite part! The pool is located right next to the Eiffel Tower so seeing it up close was pretty grand. It's the perfect backdrop to a nice Vegas hotel pool relaxation time. If the price is right, I'd book again!
5	I went there just the other day with my friend, Alejandra for the sole purpose of visiting their Eiffel Tower back on Monday, August 18, 2014 and it was a Very Pleasurable Experience!I have been to Las Vegas several times before, but I never knew that you could go up the Eiffel Tower because I thought that it was only a Free Standing Monument.However, this time around I got very curious and went inside the Paris Las Vegas Hotel & Casino to find out if I could possibly go up the Eiffel Tower and sure enough it happened!It was very beautiful and had Fantastic Views of the City!I more than Highly Recommend this place to Catch a Glimpse of the City!Thank you for Making our Visit a Very Memorable One!Enjoy To The Fullest!
3	Gross! Gross! Gross!Hair in the shower and bathtub, red stains in the carpet, and bad bad water pressure. I felt like I was camping. If it weren't for the hotels great casino vibe, restaurants, and gaming I would've given it one star.
4	I heard good and bad stuff about Paris Hotel & Casino.  I was there for Weds and Thursday this week.  My feeling is that Paris is a good hotel and there service was good.  Paris Hotel is not a huge Hotel & Casino but still big enough .  Next time when you are in Vegas go check out Paris Las Vegas Hotel & Casino.
4	The rooms are nice and comfortable.  The location is great.  The pool is nice but there is not enough shade by early afternoon.  Free coffee in the room is nice.  We have stayed here numerous times and is always a nice experience.
3	I like the Eiffel Tower and Arc du Triumph in front.  Except they're all mashed up and give the place a claustrophobic effect.  Also, what's up with the crazy "sky" thing inside?  Kinda weird.
1	Totally disappointed.Rooms are super small and old.The tv is in the corner of the room making it hard to see from the bed. Hot water takes 5 minutes to heat up. I feel like I'm staying at a Best Western. I will never stay here again. I've stayed in Vegas several times,you can get a way better room for the same amount of money (with a view!!!!) somewhere else. Don't waste you money here.
5	Going to the top of the Eiffel Tower ride, in Paris Hotel, 20 dollars for the ticket, I would suggest night time take in Vegas at night. No time limit you can stay as long as u want.
3	The pros:-Great location (right on the strip in the center of the action).-Good ambiance and theme (it's a little on the cheesy side, but this is what you should expect in Vegas)-Friendly staff at the bars and restaurant (albeit a little slow)The cons:-The check-in process is a mess.  I "checked in" early via email, which somehow made it more difficult to check in in person.-The layout/numbering of the rooms is entirely illogical-The dealers and cashiers on the casino floor are a bit rude
1	Don't ever stay here!  The casino is very small!  You pay a resort free...for what?  Wifi is included.  However, it took me 25 minutes just to get yelp.  This place is a dump.  I stayed here twice and I should have learn after the first, but I think to give a place a second chance.  Btw...when you're room key stops working you have to wait in a 45 MINUTE line just to reactive it...I talked to 5, that's FIVE different hotel workers.  I there my players hard out and I won't stay at any of these hotels.  Back to aria where is was 110%. Big mistake here
5	LOVED LOVED LOVED everything about this place.It's in the perfect location, the service is just AWESOME! I've stayed at Harrah's and Planet Hollywood and this one is the best out of the 3. The rooms are amazing and they are CLEAN! Checking in was a piece of cake, but the check out line was pretty long. However, I don't mind that at all!I really don't mind paying a bit extra just to stay at Paris, they have good food, Chateau is a good club, and Mike (he's a dealer there) made spending my money at the tables way too much fun! LOLRECOMMEND!
4	Although we didn't stay here, we spent some time here in the casino and just sight seeing. The staff we encountered were very friendly and helpful. The casino is nice with plenty of machines to keep you busy.
3	There are things I really like about this hotel such as the location on the strip, the buffet--which is one of the best in Vegas, going to the top of the Eiffel Tower and watching the fountain show at the Bellagio across the street and Volcano Show at Mirage up the strip. You can get very nice photos of the strip from up top. The rooms were large and clean. Some things I didn't like...no microwave in the room, hot water took forever to get going in the shower, and the $15 wifi fee. They had a couple of bars down in the casion area, one in particular where the live bands play, had a rude douchebag of a bartender. If you're playing the slots drinks are slow to get to you, even on nights that aren't so busy. I'm a good tipper too, so I'm not sure what the issue was. Like all casinos they have a rewards program. I gambled over $1,000 in two days (obviously not a high roller) and the points I earned on my card were just enough to buy me two bottled waters in the lobby on the way out. Not sure if that is status quo for Vegas, but I thought I would have earned more than $7 in points. I'll likely try another hotel my next visit to Vegas. This was my second time at Paris and while I wasn't disappointed, I wasn't swept off my feet either.
5	I give this place 5 stars- not for the rooms but for the staff who were amazing- I left a bag with a laptop in it & staff/security - got home to southern cal before I realized it- The security staff- lost and found - hotel front desk- went above and beyond to locate it for me - thank you paris staff for exceptional service during a difficult day- great location- loved pool & DJ - fun for couples
4	My stay at the Paris Hotel was surprisingly pleasant.1 star for the location - proximity was close to everything/everywhere that my friends and I wanted to go. 1 star for the cleanliness - although the room itself was a bit out dated, the size of the room was more than enough for 4 people.1 star for the restaurants/shops inside of the hotel - extremely convenient for breakfast/coffee.Lastly, 1 star for the pool! If you don't want to spend money going to a day club, I would say that the pool here has a great ambiance/music.Checking-In was easy, and checking-out was a breeze. The view from our room was spectacular! Not only were we able to see the Eiffel tower, but also the water show in front of the Bellagio Hotel. I would recommend this place!
4	I've always wanted to stay here. I saw a deal online and booked right away! Paris is awesome bc it's never boring - it's got a bunch of eateries and shops along the walkways between it and Bally's. It's centrally located on the strip as well so it's always bustling inside and out!The rooms are nice and obviously get nicer as you upgrade. Ours was sufficient for sleeping in because we didn't have much downtime. WiFi was available for free for the first two devices so long as you pay the resort fee...and it also sucked. Oh well. Their pool was pretty nice - it gets crowded but not daytime-pool-party crowded.Their staff was great. My husband lost his iPhone the first night of our Vegas weekend. What are the odds that we'd find it? Well, after retracing our steps and checking other casinos, Paris's security office had it! Thank goodness someone was kind enough to return it!Their buffet is excellent - bottomless mimosas! And Mon Ami Gabi was one of my favorite places to eat.Definitely a great place to stay for a mid-range-priced/good quality Vegas trip!
4	My husband an myself were at the Paris Hotel last night to see Jersey Boys, the show was awesome and we both felt we were seeing Frankie Valli and the 4 seasons in person it was just that good. After the show we went to  the new Chinese restaurant it was the first night open, very busy but the food was great..be sure to check these 2 places out and have a great time we sure did
4	Beautiful design, Paris like style, needs a bit of maintenance like beds scratch and no way is right to charge 25 dollars for 45 minutes Asin a elliptical machine , besides that hotel is beautiful , service is great , food delicious.
4	Best stay in Vegas since coming here and conceiving my first child 15 years ago.Buffet at Le Village was impeccable...never knew of a sweet polenta. Rooms were well appointed, but whose here for a well appointed room?!? I'm here for the Zumba at the Tropicana. A fun weekend indeed. Made better by a private tour with a local. Will definitely come back, this time with my two boys for the Dream Experience and tool around the Las Vegas Speedway in a Ferrari & Lambos. Cheers!! ps/NB/check-this:Signed up for Travel Rewards while waiting in the check-in line for Paris. Got a discount on the room. Came to about $300.00 for the weekend + Travel Reward perks. Rooms change rates hourly if not sooner. It pays to check the website frequently prior to checking in. They always told me doing your homework would pay off!!!Ennnnn- joy!!
1	Wedding Package DO NOT DO IT!The entire package sounded great online. We went in months in advance met our wedding coordinator all was good...so we thought. We paid in full and communicated with our coordinator via email to plan the details. It was like pulling teeth to have her respond to our questions. The Ceremony it's self was great the Pastor assigned was awesome. The penthouse was nice, but the A/C did not work during our reception! We didn't get to ride the Eiffel  tower ride due to maintenance. We didn't get the free limo ride as promised. And the worst of the worst was the picture package...what a rip off. You only get  20 5x8 pictures out of the 400+ they took. If you want all the pictures that's an additional $850. The photographer captured loading docks in most of our pictures. When the lady showed us our picture she literally rushed us out as my Wife was crying. She said we only have 5 minutes left because her next appointment was soon. This entire process was so cookie cutter and not worth the money. I'm happy my wife and I are married, but given what we went through what nightmare. Ballys/Paris do not get married here.
4	Stayed at the Paris for fournights with my Girlfriend. All days have been werkdays, so we got a REALLY great deal which was worth the money.The waiting time was okay. I would have been happy to directly get my room card, but i guess that's just a must at the Paris. At least they had several counters opened.After politely asking for it, we even got ourselfs a little "upgrade": A room on the 21st. floor with a great view of the pool, the eiffel tower and the strip, including the Bellaggio Fountains, that looked incredible from up there. In general the view was amazing, day and night.The room was the cheapest they offered, called "luxury"and i really can't complain: Everything was tidy, clean, smelled good. The style is kind of "old french", but completely what i expected and what suits the style of a paris-themed hotel. The Bathroom had a walk in shower and a bathtub, which was a bit too small to take a relaxing bath.We didn't really try the food, except from that little bakery. One morning we had coffee and muffins and it was good and the price was vegas/hotel like, but still ok.A beer at the bar was about 6$ i think, which is pretty standard for a vegas hotel at the strip. Waiters were friendly and competent.The style of the interieur of the hotel is pretty cool. It has a sky with clouds painted on the ceiling, street lights and old french houses that host the shops and restaurants.the casino follows up that style and is nice too.The only thing to criticize about the casino is the staff. While the waitresses are cool and offer you free drinks while playing, the roulette dealers (we tried our luck on 2 different roulette tables) were pretty annoying. Because we're not millionaires, we always bought chips for the minimum price of about 20$. Also, it was our first time playing roulette at a casino. Instead of being friendly or even explayning some of the special rules to us, the staff looked boring, checked their watches every few minutes and was not in the mood for talking or even smiling. That kind of ruined the gambling for us.But the hotel itself is great!
1	I've been staying for 6 days so far, and am seriously not impressed. I have never felt more ripped off at every turn. $20 early check-in fee, additional charges for room-service, charges based on how many people are eating the room service; as if 12 for an iceberg salad isn't high enough. Casino restaurants are really really not very good, and about ~$30/person/meal. $15/day for 2 devices to use the internet, PER DAY. Most of the TV channels are hotel closed circuit or in foreign languages. The maid service is not very thorough. If you really want to do the whole Vegas Strip experience thing, go to Cesar's Palace, or Winn, or Luxor, at least those places are nice inside.
5	Stayed here twice within the past 6months and Enjoyed the stay both times. Helpful Staff and Great Location.
2	Lord have mercy, if I wasn't put here by our client, I would never have chosen this hotel. First, the valet guy (no, not valet guyS. Just one dude. Solo style.) simply cannot handle the amount of traffic that comes through in the morning. And the three poor schmucks that are there in the evening have a serious case of "I really don't give a sh*t". Which is fair. I can't say I would either. But don't get poopy when I give you $1 after having to wait 15 minutes for you to take this damn rental off my hands. I need to go to sleep immediately, and you're holding me up.Second, why must there be such dark lighting in the bathroom? I'm not trying to have a romantic evening by candlelight in there - I'm trying to shower (um, where shall I hang the washcloth guys? On the piss-poor design rack? Oh, there isn't one.) and get ready for work and NOT risk walking out looking like a lady of the night. Third, your restaurant selection bums me and my food allergy riddled self out like, WHOA. Finally, I have the DO NOT DISTURB sign on the door all the time, because I'm staying there for a while, and I don't want you to deal with the clothes I've thrown all over the place like I'm 13. So, that being said, please please do not call and leave a message on the phone each day to alert me of this. I know it's your policy, but it's also my policy to get super stressed out when I see the message light flashing violently at me the moment I walk in the door. I mean, Christ, I thought my nana had died or something, only to hear the deadpan voice of someone so clearly over it telling me they 'tried to clean but couldn't, so to call if I changed my mind' followed by an equally bland 'merr-cee'. (That last bit made me laugh though, so I'll give you that. French isn't for everyone.)On a positive note, the second star was given for your lightening fast elevators. Those rock.
4	My husband and I decided in April to get married in Vegas. I found a great package flight/hotel Paris was the hotel of choice. I decided on it because they have a separate bathtub and shower. Maybe not a deal breaker for most, but for us we wanted a bath not just a shower.When they say the check-in time is 4 pm--they mean it--unless you want to pay for something immediate. We did not. Neither of us have ever arrived anywhere early and had to wait until we went to Paris. Good thing we needed a marriage license...so we did that prior to check-in.At all times the valets were excellent and very helpful. Hats off to you guys! We found out that since Paris is a Caesar's resort, we could use a shuttle between hotels. That saved a TON on cab fares--YAY. The room was nice. The bed VERY comfy. The dumpster view was not what I would call stellar but hey we were in Vegas and not planning on being in the room other than to sleep. I did try to use the TV ONCE and from what I could tell to see anything I needed to pay to do so. Downer. I played Candy Crush instead.There are ample restaurants. We grabbed some pizza one day and I had a latte at their coffee stand. Both decent. We had drinks at a bar and yes they were pricey--7.75 for a Miller Lite but hey we were prepared so no big thing. We did find a super cheap place across the street--cheap beer and shots. Yahoo! The $5 mimosas and bloody marys were SMALL but they were only $5 so we had a few of those along the way. Paris connects to Ballys and we found a super breakfast buffet there. Very yummy and a lot of choices. I think it was $10 each and they had the $5 drink thing too. So yay for that! I will give you a warning that while you are sauntering between Paris and Ballys there is a little stand and folks accost you under the guise of a "free show." These folks are from Wyndham resorts. I can go on and on about that little deal. RUN should they come near you. Do not ask and do not engage. Put on your "I am ignoring the homeless on Main Street in Houston" and just keep walking. Hey I live in downtown Houston--and trust me there are so many "stories" I have heard over the years...I do not engage. My charity goes to shelter animals. Again another story. Main point is RUN FROM WYNDHAM.Back to the Paris. The price was good and we felt worth it for the accommodations. I was hoping for at least a free drink since I rocked my wedding dress all over the casino--alas not so much. Would I go there again? You bet. The decor of the lobby/casino is hands down the most beautiful. I felt like I was walking the Paris streets which was super cool.Now at check out (mind you we paid for our trip WAY in advance) we were hit with "resort fees" to the tune of $22 a day. Apparently this is a total Vegas thing. I do not have an issue paying per se....what gets me is this is NOT UP FRONT. If you are going to charge this, then put it in the price up front and do not surprise your guests. The whole fee thing is something we experienced on several occasions. Very annoying. We could afford it but I have never had to pay some extra fee at any other hotel in my entire life. The employees just blink blankly when you question WTH are these fees? We had a great time and having a nice place to rest our heads made the entire trip more enjoyable...the fee thing took away some of that enjoyment. I just do not like hidden surprises. So there you have it. Paris is beautiful and comfortable.
1	Was not happy with their service!
2	In room 1413 can not sleep from the crap that is coming from the pool!!.  Room had beer cans, wine bottles and a condom which I asked housekeeping to take care of.  Safe did not work also had to call to get fixed.  Bathroom sink would not drain and the shower door is broken flooded the bathroom.  Food is not up to the standards of other LV major hotels. Not a good three days.
3	The hotel was right in the center of the strip, so it is very convenient. Also, it is connected to Bally's and they are owned by the same people so your rewards cards will work at both places. Although they don't take the others' slot tickets. You are paying for the location of the hotel. We stayed in the regular, luxury double queen room. We booked a king but was informed that they didn't guarantee what size bed you get, especially because 80% off the hotel rooms have two queen beds. Oh well. The wallpaper was peeling in a few spots, the first night I took a shower and it was clogged, so I was standing in about  4 inches of water. The maintenance did come pretty fast and was able to fix it. It worked the rest of the weekend. They don't offer coffee pots, you can get one from room service for free but they charge you for the cofee. $3 for 3 pods for the Kuerig . Or you can have room service bring you a pot, for a measly $25. We didn't need coffee that bad! There were stains kind of like rust stains on the carpet that they tried to cover up with an ottoman. The TV was nice, but basic cable. There is a lot of food options inside the casino, we really liked Noch for breakfast In Bally's. You can get a coffee and a pastry for $9. The bakery downstairs, next to the hotel elevators (Cafe Belle Madeleine) has yummy foodies. Everything from Napoleon, to macaroons. And their prices aren't too bad. Ultimately, if you  about it as a great location, it's nice. You don't get much for your money.
4	Clean, decent rooms. Could use a bit of updating after 15 years. Very good buffet. Overall a VERY good deal for a Vegas hotel and in a very good location.
1	Stayed at Paris for a company convention. Carpet in room is very soiled/stained. Found blood stains on curtains. Woodwork in room is very knocked up.  Bed linens are worn & dirty. This hotel is in need of a major update. Check- in took over an hour. Service in restaurants is average at best.
2	I don't know how to say this gently, but I would have rather stayed at a Holiday Inn Express than my four nights at Paris. First, as we walked into the hotel to start four days of business travel, we were met by hawkers trying to get us to look at condos in return for show tickets. One of them actually took my wife by the arm and tried to lead her over to their kiosk. After dodging them, we walked a little further, and another shopkeeper stopped my wife and tried to convince her to buy eye cream. We finally got in line at registration and were happy to find only six parties in line ahead of us. After about fifteen minutes, the line had not moved. When it finally came time to register, we found out why the line moved so slowly, as we were upsold everything from Wi-Fi to spa packages. Speaking of Wi-Fi, it's $15 a day PER DEVICE, which is ridiculous considering that Vegas is a destination for many conventions...the reason for our stay. Our room was adequate..think Hampton Inn with a granite shower. Since we had been traveling for many hours and were still on Eastern time, and had to rise early for a morning meeting, we retired to bed around 9PM. At 11PM, our pictures and mirrors began shaking as a DJ at a club at the base of the Eiffel Tower about 100 yards from our room began playing Techno Dance music with subwoofers that must have been the size of a Dodge Caravan. Let me be clear, the Paris Hotel was playing loud music right outside their guests' rooms from 11PM-4AM. When we asked about this, we were told that we could request earplugs. One of the people who checked in with my company was told they could have a room with a view, but it would be loud, or, they could overlook the parking deck. I would like to have been in the business meeting where that decision was made. "What can we do about the fact that the back of our hotel has a terrible view?" "How about we play loud music all night outside the rooms with a nice view just to even things out?" "Brilliant, Roberts! Let's implement that right away!" Seriously, though, if you are given a choice, stay away from the Paris. If you aren't given a choice, at least pick a room with a lousy view. At least you'll sleep at night.
5	Ooh la la!  Want to stay in a hotel that represents France without having to fly all that way to the actual country?   Well mon ami, you are in luck, the lucky city of Las Vegas has been home to the Paris Hotel and Casino for quite some time now.  If you are a Total Rewards member or Triple A member, I recommend staying at the Paris Hotel in Las Vegas and using your discounts if applicable.  The WiFi is complimentary with your resort fee for hotel guests only.  The hotel bathroom is spacious, with great lighting especially for those who need to apply make-up.  The room service menu has delicious options that are French inspired, especially the crepes.  The staff are helpful and kind, the service here is "se magnifique!"  So grab your beret and cest la vie in Paris Las Vegas!
1	This review is from the perspective of a visitor, who did not stay at this hotel, but from a wide-eyed walk-in guy in for a look. I have been to Paris France, arguably the most famous and interesting City in the world. This hotel is a poor travesty of that great City.The good news: I enjoyed a glass of wine from the wine-to-go window. The barista recommended an Aussie wine, which was fine, but a surprise, in that he and I were both in a themed hotel, Paris. Wouldn't he at least feature French Burgoyne or Bordeaux wines?Why the low review, which is uncharacteristic of me? I give every establishment I visit at least three chances to provide me with a bad opinion of it. This was the least friendly of the Las Vegas Strip hotels I visited on a two day walkabout. I found that many of the features of the hotel had loyalty club entrances, but if you wanted to be a normal customer, you had to hunt for that back door entrance.Many of the employees I engaged need to work on their people skills. The vibe was negative with several of them. It seemed to me that employee moral was low and no one was really in to it. Sad, as I find hoteliers have to be enthusiastic for their business to thrive.A place of business gets but one chance to make a good first impression. Not a big deal for me, but mentionable in that the poor attitude of this place is tangible.
2	This hotel has declined over the past years. We had a late check in and did not get the room we reserved. Understandably since we were late, however they gave us the worse room in the building. It was small and dark with absolutely no view at all. We were told by the front desk that we could have a room change in the morning, we never heard from those at the front desk as promised. Nonetheless we suffered through another night of noise and constant banging from who knows what. The walls are paper thin so good luck getting any rest. The furniture can use a makeover as well, the writing desk was burnt from possibly an iron?? I will not be staying here again regardless of deal they are having.  The reason I gave it 2 stars was the ease of checking in and the staff was very kind.
4	Stayed here for my 50th birthday this past summer, loved it! We had no issues with an early check in, but we stayed Sunday through Wednesday, so not sure how it is on a Friday or Saturday. The interior is pretty cool, imo. The staff was friendly, the rooms were nice, the pool was fun, the restaurants were all great, especially the breakfast buffet. The first night we ate at the burger joint and we each had a shake that has alcohol in it, fabulous, although I will say Vegas is not exactly as cheap as it once was, the bill for 2 burgers, 2 fries and the 2 shakes was just over a Grant$$. Hotels is in a good location and convenient to lot of things to do on the Strip. I enjoyed this hotel and I would definitely stay there again.
4	Just stayed overnight at the Paris for the first time this past Saturday.  I have visited the casino in the past, so I already knew it's basic layout.  This was my first time staying in one of their rooms. I got a room with two queen beds and was pleased with the room size and cleanliness. The bathroom really impressed me with it's size and decor. I loved the separate tub and shower. The vanity had ample counter space for the standard array of ladies toiletries. I just wish hotels would equip their bathrooms with ventilation fans to help clear out the humidity and, um, other bathroom odors.The TV is mounted to the wall, but it's way off center to accomodate the large armoire on the same wall. The armoire has two closet doors and three drawers to place clothing in. There is also a mini fridge in one of the cabinets in the armoire. I then realized the bathroom was so spacious because there was no built in closet, the armoire is your closet. It actually works because the armoire is French, and being the Paris hotel, it makes sense decor wise.The beds were comfortable and the headboard was padded faux leather. It was nice because I often sit up in bed with my head resting against the headboard. The decorative pillows on the bed were too much though. Two very large brown velour covered pillows and one bolster pillow. So actually there were only two small pillows that had pillowcases on them to lay your head and sleep on. I wouldn't sleep on the velour ones as I doubt those get changed like the sheets do.There is wi-fi included for two devices with the "resort package" which I think means the "resort fee," and you can have more with an additonal fee. The TV channel selection was limited and kind of in an odd sequence. They have groups of six elevators each to service the different sections of floors, and they were quite speedy. The employees I encountered from valet, bell service, and front desk were all well-mannered and helpful. I would definitely stay here again.
2	I love Paris, but don't love the Vegas version of the hotel.  Sure it has the Eiffel Tower, the Montgolfier Balloon, and the Arc de Triomphe.  Sure it has one of my favorite restaurants, Mon Ami Gabi, and a terrific buffet.  Sure, if your room faces the Blvd then you have a great view of the Bellagio fountains.  But the hotel and casino is not good for one reason only -- SMOKERS.You have to walk by the bar to go to/fro your room or buffet, and be hit square in the nose with smoke.  Why don't they build another place for SMOKERS and enclose it in glass so they can kill themselves?  Instead, it's unavoidable madness.If you are a SMOKER, then it's great.  Highly recommended.
2	I've only stayed at a couple places in Vegas, Planet Hollywood and Paris, but this was my third and last visit to Paris.  Like others, I concur that the rooms are getting pretty worn, and need an update.  Prifes are sky hifg, bit they are pretty much everywhere else too, so its not unusual.Will review them separately, but Mon Ami Gabi is an awesome place for breakfast, amd Gordon Ramsay Steak had excellent food and service, but was loud and $255, for 2 people (total of 3 cocktails, 1 app, 2 entrees, 1 sauce, 2 sides and 2 desserts.  Obscene.)The upgraded Red rooms are a joke, they are the exact same rooms as the others, with a red headboard and bedspread, for a premium price.  Don't waste your money.The worst part of the hotel is the Chateau Nightclub, which is an open air nightclub under the Eiffel tower.  If you have the misfortune of being able to see the tower, you are SCREWED.   The club plays DEAFENINGLY LOUD hiphop til 4 AM and the bass can not be drowned out with earplugs.  It is a terrible location for a club, even people at Bally's have to suffer.  It needs to be indoors and in a soundproof room, or else the hotel needs triple paned soundproof glass on all their windows.  You will get no sleep!  I'm writing this at 1:33AM, have barely slept all weekend, and know better than to even try til it's almost light outside.  Any hotel that would torture its paying guests like this won't get another penny of my money until its changed.  If a car were going down the street with bass thumping like this, you would get a ticket every time a cop saw you.  This is noise pollution at its very worst.  Making people hear what they don't want to hear!  Grrr angry!
3	This is a nice property, and they did a good job of importing some elements of the fair city, albeit Vegas style. The crepes at "La Creperie"are very good, and quite large. I recommend the "Eiffle Tower" tour - (hint free to public safety) Pretty amazing view of Strip & the Bellagio water show in particular. ($14 for adults).
4	I love the themed casino and hotels.  The architecture is awesome like a mini version of Paris.  Coming to Vegas, you have to stop at Paris.   The rooms maybe a little worn out and some of the layouts are odd.   It's decent, price is good, considering you right on the strip. The excitement for Paris lies on the first floor.
3	For years I'd been wanting to stay at Paris, so when I was in Vegas October 3rd - 5th for a friends wedding I knew I had to stay there and check it off.There were many things I liked about the hotel, such as the number of great food options that are inside of it (Mon Ami Gabi is outstanding as well as the creperie), but unfortunately a lot disappointed me.When I made my reservation weeks in advance I booked a King bed. Upon arrival after a very long drive from Los Angeles, I was informed that I'd be getting 2 Queen beds instead (completely unnecessary) and that my booking merely expressed a preference with no guarantee. Bit of a bummer. Thankfully I was still given a non-smoking room on the 18th floor. When getting to my room, I noticed that it had been a while since the doors had been cleaned as there were dirty marks around the handle and card slot. Then inside the room itself on the carpet I saw that the TV stand/armoire that previously was in there was replaced with another - but there were still strange marks and stains around it. Where you'd think the TV would be in the armoire is actually where the fridge is as the TV was on the side to the right making its location on the wall only visible to one of the beds. When I went into the bathroom I saw that whoever was in there previously cleaning missed a rather large tuft of hair on the floor, and I know it definitely wasn't mine as I have fine, blonde hair and this was thick and dark. Kind of grossed me out as I began to doubt what else hadn't been cleaned. There was a paper on the desk in the room that is supposed to have on there who the cleaning person was, but no name was written and I could tell it had been there for a while since whoever was previously staying in the room wrote some numbers on the back of it. That paper was never touched the entirety of my stay as Saturday after the cleaning crew came in I checked it again and, sure enough, the numbers were found on the back of it. When I took my shower Saturday morning I deliberately left some hair on the shower wall to test the cleaning crew, but upon coming back from walking the Strip all afternoon it was still there and they left the shower door open. The trash was also untouched. The room was really cold, and the blankets/comforters on the bed itself wasn't really sufficient so I found myself having to up the temperature a few times. One of the people next to us got room service Sunday morning at a rather early time, so that woke me up as the walls were a little thin and whoever delivered the room service itself knocked loudly on their door. When making a final check in the room to make sure my boyfriend and I didn't miss anything when packing we discovered that there was a random cashew on the floor under the extra bed, and on the one we slept on the box spring covering looked dirty with black smudges on it. I had been looking forward to using the tub in the room, as I don't have a tub back at home, but it was really shallow (pictures made it look deeper) and even though I'm only 5'4" I knew there was no way I'd fit comfortably - plus I doubted how clean it was after everything else.The casino itself is so smoky, so if you have asthma or are sensitive to cigarette smoke like I am I suggest walking fast through those areas because it's quite gross. Beware using the ATM on the casino floor as well. It'll give you a prompt that there's the fee of $5.99 or whatever (to be expected), however on my bank statement I saw an ADDITIONAL charge of $2.50 which I wasn't informed of and thought that was pretty shitty. If you drive there and park your car in valet, there is NO option to call earlier the day you're leaving to say something like "please have my car (number on valet ticket) ready at 10:00." You just have to get down there and wait, which can take forever. I waited about 30 minutes for my car. Same goes for needing a cab. You have to wait in a long line outside off to the left instead. I did like how I could check in/check out electronically and skipping the potential lines, so that was nice at least. Would I stay there again? Maybe. The location is convenient in the middle of the Strip and across from the Bellagio fountain. I'm just not particularly keen on spending close to $600 on a room for 2 nights that wasn't properly cleaned.
3	The hotel rooms are ok but they are not 350 dollar a night rooms. Had to call twice to get the television fixed and when he was done it still didn't work so gave up. Wasn't that big of a deal but stuff should work.  Nice showers. Casino was small for that size hotel. I go to Vegas a lot and try different hotels and I wont stay here again.
2	Beware of the new $25 "guest fee" they tack on now on top of the $11 booking fee. Told it was a new corporate policy they started last summer for all the Las Vegas hotels in the Harrahs chain. The hotel and rooms are very nice but i can't stand the feeling of being ripped off by yet another corporate scheme to make money.
1	This was my very first trip to Vegas.  I was so excited.  Alas, that excitement was short lived.  My first trip to Vegas was RUINED when I came back in my room after housekeeping had cleaned it and realized I was ROBBED!!  Yes, MY STUFF WAS STOLEN! Now, you would think a hotel that is this prestigious would be quick to come to the aid of one of their patrons but no.  I filed a report with their security office, it was turned over to their Risk Management Company and we found out today our claim was DENIED.  They said they asked the hotel staff if they stole the stuff...Do you really think your staff is going to say "Yes?"  Now, they're saying the burden of proof is on us.  Uh, apparently they don't understand how burden of proof actually works.  I proved that my stuff was stolen when I filled out the report - unless you have cameras showing me packing my backpack out of the hotel, I've proved my case.  You pay a TON of money for a room thinking that you and your stuff is secure but apparently this hotel doesn't care about you, your stuff or your security.  When we asked for the security footage, we were told they don't have security cameras in the hallways.  REALLY?!?  You think that it is safe to NOT have security cameras in the HALLWAY.  Worst customer service experience ever!  Stay here if you want their staff to rob you blind and not give a crap about you.  #terriblecustomerservice @parisvegas #dontstayhereOh look!  Another guest robbed: http://www.vegas.com/resorts/paris/#reviewsOctober 14, 2014On May of this year I was robbed the night before my husband and I checked out of the Paris Hotel and Casino. My husband and I stayed at the Paris as part of a company event. I had put my carry on away in the armoir of our room and in it i had placed my oversized purse. I had transfered a few items from my purse into a smaller purse so my license and credit card were not taken, but the carry on, oversized leather purse and other miscellaneous items were taken. We contacted the hotel security that evening and had a pending report with them. Within a few weeks a was in touch with the hotels' insurance adjuster. I had to stay in touch with this person several times after that to see what had come of my claim.3 months after the theft i was told The Paris Hotel & Casino was not at fault of any wrong doing and my claim was denied. This was after they "received" a report from housekeeping saying that the housekeeping staff knew nothing about this theft. I tried calling the hotel several times to talk to a manager to see what else they could do for me and nothing. I got the run-around and I also got a hotel manager who said he couldn't help and he was too busy to take care of this. I lost $600 that day. For some, it may not be much money, but for me it was money i wasn't expecting to spend on a new carry on for the next mornings' flight and replacing a $300 purse. Hotel says they have no cameras in their hotel hallways, so be careful with the cleaning staff.
4	I love how this casino makes you think it's day time 24/7. During a night of partying, you will never know what time it really is unless you actually look at your watch. The waitresses that ask to see if you want any drinks are usually always attractive here. The feel is very unique. I also liked their pool area. They keep their water clean and it doesn't burn your eyes when you go for a swim. How did they do it? I have no idea! But that really did impress me! This is one of those places that you just gotta stop by and test your luck during a night of walking the strip and getting intoxicated. It's right there in the middle of the strip, so you'll always find something to do.
2	Ugh. The beds at Paris were the only thing worth talking about here. The beds are super comfortable and the room itself is nice. The casino itself is oddly laid out and the restaurants were nothing to speak of. The casino seems old and outdated in an unpleasant way. We spent far more time out of the hotel than in it. The pool area was ok - I liked the lay out for the most part and it was never super crowded. Though they did play music hideously loudly all weekend - that was a turn-off. We wanted to relax at the pool - not get blasted by Pit Bull tunes. I wouldn't stay here again by choice.
1	2 of our rooms were robbed while we were sleeping. It is pretty scary knowing that while we were sleeping someone came into our room and stole money out of 2 of the purses and the third one they took my nieces whole wallet. We had 4 rooms there the week of October 15, the hotel security was called. They are a joke. We went to the police station and made a report. The managers at the front desk are the worst and did nothing to help us. The assistant manager had the nerve to say that maybe one of our family members stole from us! SERIOUSLY!!!
4	Ah Paris!  Maybe not quite the sameas heading over to France, but the Paris hotel of Vegas is a fun, romantic, sexy place. Nothing like looking at smoking hot girls dance above your blackjack table! The rooms at Paris really are not that bad. The suites are interesting. The one I had , had two bathrooms. One with a shower only in it and the other near the living room area of this small suite had a hot tub in it. Don't see that everyday or at any other casino i have stayed at in Vegas with that type of setup.. The dealers and employees at this hotel are very friendly and the restaurants were excellent. The gambling area at Paris are not very large and can get crowded but that smaller area is really visited frequently by the beautiful cocktail servers. I literally never waited once for a drink. This is a fun place and is a great place to take your significant other!
5	Right on the strip and had the best view ever!! We watched the Bellagio Fountains every night. Lobby is beautiful. Restaurants are delicious. Staff is very friendly. Room is nice (stayed at the Red Room Luxury). There's a fridge in the room but no microwave, which was a bummer. But the view made up for it. VERY PLEASED!
5	We didn't stay at Paris but we gambled there quite a bit while we were in Vegas. The Casino is fantastic!  The waitresses were super friendly and attentive! Can't wait to go back there again next time we're in town!
2	The only reason they are getting 2 stars is the great restaurants. My bed was hard as a rock, no cushiness, you could actually feel the springs beneath you. The pillows were terrible as well. I woke up this morning at 2am with the worst pain in my neck and couldn't get back to sleep- this NEVER happens to me. Motel 8 has better beds. The tv is not in the armoire, it's way on the left side of the room so it cannot be viewed by both people laying on the bed. Terrible design! Way overpriced for what you get. I won't be back if I can avoid it.
2	I gave them 2 stars because they really fell off my expectations. I have been here many time, dined in almost all the restaurants and I have good experience, but staying here is a total different story. My first night has no heat. I called front desk and they sent an "engineer" to fix it and it took him almost an hour. He said he fixed it but after he left I found out there was still no heat. I called front desk again and they wants to send another engineer. It was 4:30am! They offered me to remove my resort fee but it appeared on my final bill and I have to talk them through. Not to mention the hotel rooms are old. You are better off to stay at Venetian.
2	Welp. This place was terrible. Checked in to one hotel room and the room was still dirty from the last tennants. Called down and asked to change rooms and they obliged. Went back down and got the room changed they lady lets us know that she's going to upgrade our room but it will be s bit noisier because of the fountains and overlooking the pool. Sure. We get to the room and the tub faucet leaks, the mini fridge smelled like something died in it. And we can hear some kind of noise from above us. Oh well I guess we'll make it work. Well it's night one down and if I didn't have to move everything I would have moved hotels this morning. You can hear everything in the halls clear as day. Woke up 4 times throughout the night by people talking. I recommend staying in an upgraded room or a completely different hotel. This place stunk!
4	After being to the real city of lights I can say this place is a total replica of the real city!It is beautiful on the inside! The eiffel tower on the outside is 1/2 the size of the real one.  The designers wanted it to be an exact replica, but its proximity to the airport prevented that from happening.We had two meals at the Sugar Factory at Paris and both were awesome!Very fun place - get the groupon for it!
4	Our reservation got messed up, we reserved adjoining rooms and when we went to check in, none were available, so we got a free upgrade, which was very nice. The room looked pretty good, but we did find a pair of socks left over from a previous guest, they were hidden pretty well, we would have never noticed them if we hadn't been looking for the remote for the TV. We never found the remote, had to get one sent up, which was taken care of very quickly.  Besides the socks the room was in great order, and they took great care of us. Check in and out were both very easy.
4	We were here for the Marine Corps Ball and we loved our suite. It was a big room with a fantastic bathroom and a jacuzzi! We definitely got our money worth.
2	For a "4 star" resort this place sucks. Rooms sucked. Casino floor sucks. Resort fees suck. Sugar sucks...the food was awful! And those big $35 drinks that have "8 to 10" shots...sucked. The 8 to 10 includes liqueurs...boo! Shame on Paris for charging hefty prices and failing miserably when it comes to quality and entertainment.
4	Stayed here for 4 nights while we were in Vegas. Got a really good advance deal on Expedia. When we arrived got given a remodeled room on the 30th floor facing the strip. Small wait for check-in but nothing like what I was expecting - maybe 10min tops. Room was great. Service from staff was good - can't expect much from a place that holds multiple thousands of people at a time. The location is amazing though. I'd stay here again just for this. Right in the centre of the strip - just where you want to be.
3	I stayed the night of 11/13 for a conference being held at the resort. I had stayed at the hotel a while ago so kind of knew what to expect. Hotel/Location: This hotel is located in the middle of the strip. Walking distance to City Center, Bellagio, and Caesars. Although it is getting old, it still has a cool vibe with the whole Paris theme. The casino is pretty small but then again, it doesn't take too long to get anywhere. Check-in: I arrived early for conference and was told my room was not available. I could check in online at 11:00am for $20. I did but wasn't called until 11:40am to pick up my key. However, my friend arrived at 11:15 and was given a room without having to pay $20. This does not seem fair. I had left my bags with the bellman. As I was heading upstairs, I called them to deliver my luggage and it arrived right as I got to the room.Room: I got a premium room overlooking the Bellagio Fountains. I like the fact that the room elevators were not that far from the main casino entrance. There is only one wing so getting to your room was fairly quick. The room was a good size with a couch (not pullout). The TV was in an awkward position hanging on the wall instead of in the Cabinet that was right next to it. The bathroom was very plain. Shower pressure was kind of poor. Bathroom amenities were basic. The closet was in between the bathroom and across from a desk. It was awkward because when you open the closet doors it blocked your entrance into the bathroom. The bed was of average comfort level. Wifi offered with the resort fee was on the slow side.Amenities: I utilized the spa (see my review) and workout facility. The workout room is located in the spa and is open at 6am. Kind of wished I could have gotten in earlier. But there are decent amounts of free weights and workout things. The spa was also decent. The workout and spa facility are part of the resort fee. So good value there. If you are on a budget and want a hotel in a good location, then Paris is a good choice.
4	i have stayed here twice before and its very nice and conveniently located to all the action on the strip they have good staff a nice nightclub and i enjoyed ny sray very much.
3	The common areas (Casino, restaurants, etc) are really nice, but Motel 6 has better rooms. We stayed in a basic room at about $200 per night. The carpet was stained, the furniture was broken, the refrigerator was old and loud. Our view was of the rooftop of the shopping area below (but it was a basic room, so a great view wasn't expected).  The worst part was that the houskeeping room was right next door to us, so every morning at about 8:00, they started talking loudly in the room next door, and outside our room door, and banging their carts along the wall on the way out. Normally, 8 AM isn't too early for me, but in Vegas, the nights are longer, so it would be nice to sleep in a little. Even if I wasn't sleeping, I don't want to hear the houskeepers yelling up and down the hall from right outside my door. If I was rating the holel alone, it would be one star.
3	Everything was good till it was time to check outI stood in line for 30 minutes just to turn in my key and get a receipt
3	The price was what made this hotel so attractive. The idea of something based off of Paris seemed cool too. The facts:The place does look cool on the inside with the fake sky, etc., but the rooms themselves were so-so at best. Pillows were ridiculously uncomfortable. The casino floor seemed small for the size of the hotel itself.GREAT location though! Nice and centrally located on the strip. Overall my experience wasn't horrible or anything. I did find myself only spending time in this hotel to sleep though. I definitely spent more time in other hotels that were close by.
4	This is a tough call.  We really wanted to love this hotel, but it was just ok... My rating is more 3.5 stars but I'll bump it up to be nice!  Our room was not right upon arrival, but it could be to the fact that our flight was delayed and it was 1am when we checked in.  I highly recommend getting an upgrade (which we did pay for and got the following day).  The original rooms are dated...  Like the little couch was super disgusting... Reminded me of what you would find at a garage sale.  However the red rooms are more modern, elegant, clean, oh and the beds are comfy.We had an awesome view of the tower and the bellagio fountains.  One of my main issues was the casino... We aren't gamblers but we wanted to just have some fun and throw away a little extra cash.  The dealers we had at the roulette tables were weirdos.. One guy chatted our ears off about going out to dinner with his wife and mom.  I know it's a ploy to distract us, but it was terrible and ruined the moment to loosen up and relax.   We do highly recommend Gordon Ramsay Steak which is located in the hotel!
1	Never stay in the end room, the whole room smell likes public restroom! I changed room three times. The staff is not that professional, need more training!
3	Pros: -Mini fridge was empty, allowing us to store our leftovers. -Bed was comfortable-Online check in and checkout offered-Friendly dealersCons:-No bathroom fan-View outside our window was of the top of another building, nothing special. (We had a 2 queen red luxury room)-Resort fee is really high considering I used none of the services it includesStayed here 2 nights with a buddy. I had stayed at Caesars all prior times in Vegas. This is not Caesars. It's a decent hotel though. No major complaints. I won some money here at the tables playing blackjack.
4	The Paris is a great hotel! It is centrally located and has a great view of the Bellagio fountain! There are lots of good food options and everything is very clean and well maintained! The staff are great too!
3	it was all right i think the rooms need updating but the service was good =)
2	We paid for a pet friendly room, which was a$150 pet fee. It ended up being just a normal room. Once we told them they said they would bring the amenities right up. They did and handed us a garbage bag with a rolled up mat,two dog treats the size of a dime and a two bowls. Besides that the wall paper was coming off the walls and the beds are very hard. Not a fan. The only thing we liked was it was right on the strip. Next time I'll stay at the rio. Much better pet rate and the rooms are amazing!
1	This is for the Guatavo's bar in the casino...First of all, I don't come to Vegas often and I'm with my wife for her birthday and my 5 yr old daughter.Coming 30mins early for a reservation for Mon Ami Gabi, they could not accommodate an early arrival. Understandable as it was very busy.  We were given a pager and was told I can walk around but to stay within the hotel grounds and nearby so the pager can receive a signal.Walking out, my daughter said she was very thirsty wanting water. Closest access was Gustavo's bar.  Feeling we should order a drink other than just asking for water for my daughter, I see an Asian bartender not busy and just eye balling us as my daughter climbed up to my arms still saying she wanted some water and asking my wife if she wanted anything. As I approached with my daughter in my arms, he says I can't serve you with your daughter in your arms and being by the bar. Ok, I put her down and told her to go to my wife several feet away from the bar. Now he says, I can't serve you with or without your daughter nearby.  I paused and thought to myself WTF?!! Ok, I get it... Casino bar, under 21, hotel/casino policy and perhaps state law but why don't you ask/wait what I wanted to drink first as it may be non alcoholic bev or be more clear in a more polite manner originally instead of giving me a stinkeye as I approached and for a 2nd time with another comment?!! I just wanted to get my daughter some water and thought I should at least buy a drink to get one or is the only thing you serve is alcohol based? Or if she fainted then you may reconsider?Yes, I could've seeked a water fountain but don't know how far it would be or how far the pager would receive signal, and I was willing to spend $3-7+ for a drink and a cup of water to get to her right away.If you only made clear initially that "I can't serve you because you have an underage child and is based on state/city law, etc...or a distance that's acceptable to be served and if whether that included non alcohol beverages".  I would respect that being educated on this and comply, but giving an attitude is not acceptable as you are in the service industry and you don't know who you're servicing. With friends in upper management in the hospitality business and even with Harrah's group, I'm  not going to go there regarding this and I don't want to be pity.But this unprofessional bartender needs an attitude adjustment and be more service oriented.
1	I checked in on 2pm, and they still charge me early check in fee, really? WTF! And the room was very old. I wont come again, this hotel is shit.
5	I always enjoy my time here. Even though I live in Vegas, I like to do mini "staycations". Recently stayed at the hotel and loved our room! Very charming French chabby chic decor. Great hotel room service, fast friendly and I love the ambience of the entire casino. Really does make you feel like your in Paris!
1	I'm not one to write a bad review... But I was treated like a f*ckin second class citizen tonight. To the server who refused to give me water, F*CK YOU! You chose to serve everyone else, but me... And I'm assuming because I wasn't the type of race you'd like to serve. You straight up told me I can't have bottle of water, but yet you chose to serve very white person in the casino. You're part of the reason why this nation is a million steps backwards! Good luck b*tch! Don't let me cross you again.
3	I expected better. We were very itchy sleeping on the bed, the pillows gave me a stuffy nose, may be this room was not occupied for a long time, I dont know how so much dust accumulated on some of the furniture. The AC would cool the room only if I set the temperature to like 68f the room was too hot when I set the temperature at 74.
1	Two words: resort fees.While the Paris is generally a nice looking hotel with decent rooms, they tacked on this suspicious "resort fee" to my last bill after I had already paid the initial bill. Essentially, in addition to the rate that they charge for the room, they charged me an extra $25/night to pay for amenities that I never used or asked for (eg: wireless, spa, etc.).Apparently, resort fees are a growing practice these days, and it's despicable that the Paris participates in this. I would much prefer that they simply folded this fee into the final room price instead of being dishonest about the real cost of lodging there.
2	Stayed here for the weekend. Excellent location as it is right in the middle of the strip.  Easy to navigate casino, easy to get to rooms. Neat  atmosphere in the shopping and dining areas within casino with the feel of being on the streets of France.  Got there to check in and our "reserved" king room was not available and all we could get was a queen.  Huh?  "Reserved" means what?  We were told that maybe on Saturday we could move to a queen. So first night we spent in the queen room along with dried blood on the comforter. Yes, really. Next night we moved to the king room and not much better. I went to move the night stand to plug in my iPhone and there was a dirty fork with food still on it!!!!! F-ing gross!$24 per night for resort fee which includes wifi - no it doesn't.  Wifi SUCKS. So slow it's safe to say it doesn't work. Called the front desk, transferred to tech support to ask can I pay for better speed?  "Sorry it is not available ".   Wow, what century do we live in?   This is unacceptable at a resort like this that charges $250+ per night. So we tried this place as something "nice" vs. the cheaper places around and ended up grossed out.   Yuck.
4	I'm a fan of this hotel in Vegas.  Not only does it house my fav restaurant Mon Ami Gabi but, it also has great decor.  I love feeling like I'm being transported to a miniature Paris France.  Lots of French inspired food and shopping inside and it's even complete with it's very own Eiffel Tower!  Stop in here for a great dinner at the restaurant mentioned before and take a cool hipster shot out by the Eiffel Tower once you're done!
4	this review is on the casino grounds & parking lot, casino, total rewards desk (customer service), Eiffel Tower observation deck, and bathroom near the total rewards desk.A good-sized casino with carpet and cobblestone floors (neat, if you're wearing flats or athletic shoes, not so much if you're in heels or boots). It's a fair amount of walking from the garage to the heart of the casino. We saw lots of restaurants and little shops along the way. Busy crowd but not jam-packed when we visited sunday afternoon.I had my husband sign up for the Total Rewards Card since entry to the Eiffel Tower on my birthday was free (sunday), so was our son (no strollers BTW), and after all the taxes & fees, paid $16.00. Not bad, since two of us were free (it does cost more during the evening). The tickets are in the gift shop. Take the escalator. Then, you take pictures which you can view later on. This was our 1st time there as a family. (The last time was on our 1st date, in 2004.) The elevator was a minute and 17 seconds, according the to the attendant. Nice views during the day, with little rectangular cutouts at certain vistas, so you don't get the fence railing. While my husband was in line (was a busy line), we went to the bathroom (there was no visible changing station and the only handicapped bathroom was occupied, so yes, I changed him standing up (but I'm starting to get used to that!) The sinks are so pretty, floral porcelain (I don't think I've ever seen that in a casino). It was sunday and lots of employees were wearing their football jerseys, including the cocktail waitresses. Once you are outside the property, it's walking distance to the Planet Hollywood Miracle Mile Shops, which you guessed, was our next stop.   It'd been a long while since we were at this property.  Overall, it's very nice. Not that smokey, either.
5	Very nice hotel..Nice staff specially in  valet parking.. there are a lot of restaurant and Cafe inside the hotel. the price is good and the best thing is the hotel is right on strip and you don't need to drive a lot :)
4	We booked this hotel for my sisters bachelorette weekend and the price made it so attractive. I must say I dont regret choosing this hotel. Not only was it elegant, but the pool bar area, casino and multiple main floor bars had a great environment and energy. The rooms were clean, comfortably bed (especially after walking the strip!) and elegance, although who are we kidding...we were hardly there! I also loved the view of the eiffel tower from the entrance and from the pool (it was this eiffel tower and the map that helped us locate the hotel again). This hotel has a great location right on the strip and close to Cabo wabo, and other attractions. Now that I am recently engaged,  I am considering a las vegas bachelorette... just because it was THAT fun ! And will probably be staying at this hotel !!
5	This review is for Housekeeping and Lost and Found.  Thank you all for being so honest and helpful.  We stayed at the hotel in November and I left my favorite jacket in the hotel room closet upon check out, and didn't realize it until over 2 weeks later when I went into my own closet looking for it.  My heart sank.  I quickly called the hotel hoping they'd have it.  They connected me to Lost and Found where I had to leave a message describing the jacket.  Minutes later they called back saying they have it and would FedEx it to me!  It got here 2 days later!  Thank you everyone, I so appreciate it! Not everyone is as helpful or honest, but you people are and deserve to be recognized for it!  Thank you again!!
3	There are things I like and do not like about Paris. The rooms are spacious and clean, and the bed was comfortable. Unfortunately our TV went out, our toilet had plumbing issues, and our clip on shower curtain felt a bit cheap. It also takes about 5 minutes to reach anyone by phone at the front desk, and the check in/out process takes about 30 minutes each time. There is a $25/day resort fee.As for the casino they definitely could use friendlier staff in the bar. Maybe they were trying to mimic the French attitude? On the contrary their convenience store clerk was very helpful. I'll probably try to stay elsewhere next time.
3	Paris Hotel is in a great location on the strip and they have beautiful rooms, but only if you upgrade.  I am a total rewards member and usually get free rooms at most of the "lower grade" hotels that they own.  I have stayed at Paris several time and have loved the place.  Last time I stayed there (my wife's choice) we went up to our room expecting a great experience.  Well we were disappointed.  The room felt like we were staying at the Harris Hotel, except we paid 4X as much money.  There were rips in the carpet and food still left in the mini fridge from the people prior to us.I called the front desk to complain and they upgraded our room for us.  The service is excellent here, but just don't expect a beautiful room, unless you pay extra.On a plus note.... go to the buffet for breakfast.... it is great!
2	Every Strip hotel has a "resort fee", but this is ridiculous. It's basically $20 for Internet... yet it only includes 1 device. Connect your phone, iPad, or any of the tech stack most people carry around these days, and it's an extra $14.99 *per device* - just a few gadgets = more than the cost of the room! No other hotel I stayed anywhere in Vegas was this restrictive.Got a $25 daily dining credit which seemed generous, but the restaurants were borderline awful - and prices were inflated at least 2x vs any comparative quality you could find elsewhere to compensate for any generosity.On the plus side, it's right in the middle of the strip, so pretty convenient to walk to other nearby resorts. That's about it.
3	i am giving this hotel 3 stars because although the outside is very nice including the restrooms.it is very. dissapointing that the rooms are not up to the standards that they apparently want to reflect on the outside of the property.from a previous hotel owner i have noticed details that the management is not catching.when we checked in we noticed a chair that had graffiti which should have been taken out of the room before any guest checked in.lamps that had no bulbs.the bottom of a toilet was very dirty.soda was splashed on the wall.carpet was dirty and torn.chairs were very worn and a room seat dipped in too much.there  was  no coffee maker in my room.apparently some get them and some don't.also the same with the mini bar.too many extra  charges for standard accommodations. this hotel does  have the potential for being a fine hotel if these things were taken care of.also i noticed the all around customer service at the  front desk and gift shops are  not very warm and helpful.there was alot of refering to other people and other departments for simple questions, passing on the buck.management not bending was when there was a problem and manamement was reluctent to show good faith by  compensating to make up for the situation.in some cases. not good public relations.this attitude is carried out into the gift shops as well.i asked a sales person to show me were a size was which i could not find and was not helped. is this a vegas thing or just bad employees? also , there are advertisements for jersey boy's giving military a special discount $99.00 for orchestra seating for 2.yet they do not know anything about this when asked at box office. lies, bad attitude and bad public relations at this hotel.
3	Paris Las Vegas, it is breathtaking. It is nothing short than what I had imagined. It's traditional Paris with a modern twist. Needless to say everything is pricey, after all it's a popular venue in Vegas. I like the restaurants inside the hotel, all the food I had was great.What's not so great about the Paris is the many hidden charges. READ THE FINE PRINT! 5.00 additional to everything you order for room service, just because they bring it to your room. Remind you there is no option to pick it up yourself. Pricing is the same for two people but it goes up once you hit four, so big groups beware. I also wish the room had a microwave. I get it, traditional Paris but the 46" tv isn't traditional so where's my microwave? Nothing is complimentary, except ice. So if you forget your necessities you're better off going to a gas station. The beauty of this hotel, it's connivence to the strip, and the helpful staff is why I give this place 3 stars.
4	We didn't stay for the rooms, but did enjoy the shops and dining experience. Beautiful decor and stunning architectural design. Will visit again.
1	.
4	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Paris hotel this past weekend for three nights. With resort fees and tax it came out to around $121 a night, which is pretty good in my opinion for a room on the strip. (The resort fees and tax are about $25 per day but include free wifi for two devices and access to the fitness center.) The check in process on Thursday night was a little slow (they only had three people at the concierge desk). The staff member who checked us in wasn't exactly friendly, apathetic I guess is the right word. He checked us in quickly and wasn't pushy about a room upgrade, which I appreciate. Our room was on the 5th floor but to our surprise it was a large corner room with two windows. We even had a view of the Bellagio fountains from our room. The room was clean and came with a mini-fridge which is awesome for keeping snacks and drinks cold. The bed was comfy and the tv had a nice selection of channels. The hotel is right in the middle of the strip and we liked the convenient location. We ate at the buffet for breakfast before our flight back to San Antonio and it was delicious. If given the same price I would definitely stay here again.
1	Quick stop at il central lobby lounge...Awful serviceRude serviceHuge roachesSo gross.
3	I like the Paris! In terms of Total Reward casino-resorts, this seems to be at the higher end. Mon Ami Gabi is a delicious eatery (I am obsessed with their French onion soup) and the Eiffel Tower Restaurant is on my Vegas bucket list. I haven't stayed in the rooms, but the decor is very pretty (it's almost like New Orleans Square in Disneyland). Plus, you can get souvenir cups shaped like the Eiffel. Score.I enjoyed gambling here - special shoutout to Devon on the casino floor, who scanned my TR card promptly AND when I accidentally spilled my drink, was totally kind and forgiving. I really enjoy personable staff, and was impressed by how nice everyone was at Paris!
3	I stayed here for 4 days. First impression was horrible, I had to wait in line for about 25 mins to check in. There were only 3 receptionists at that time. I was ok with smoke coming from casino next to lobby, but my wife and my 2 year-old son could not stand for that.The room was not what I expected: small and old interior. Noisy refrigerator which made my sleep terrible.The location is great, it's just right on the Strip, convenient to go any where. The parking was big plus, similar to all other hotels in Vegas.
1	Bad attitude of the staff and very misleading people. I was led to believe that i was paying extra for a room to get a view of the bellagio fountains but was given nothing. According to the front counter I was paying for a view of their swimming pool and eiffel tower. I was then told that I would have to pay another $44 per night for the view I wanted. I agreed to even that and so I walked all the way down with my bad knees and there was a different story.  Edith, Francisco and Mike at the front desk "knowing lied to me and made me go back and forth 3 times to different rooms promising me a better view each time. I came to the conclusion that they were just screwing around with me since the only other alternative was that they didn't know their property very well. Bad attitude and unprofessional customer service from Mike was the reason that I am putting down this bitter review. Had it not been for Mike I might have not taken the time to write down this account of my "BAD" experience with this Hotel.Now Since they managed to get me angry, here is more on the experience that I would have not mentioned otherwise.There was no coffee machine in my room and according to the housekeeping my premier room doesn't come with one...???  A first for me. So then I am left with 2 options either order a Liter of coffee for $12 plus extras, and have it delivered to my room, drink a cup and waste the rest  or walk all the way downstairs in my Pj's and get in line with other cranky people and  buy some. People need coffee when they wake up...... Unacceptable. I have never been to a hotel that doesn't have coffee in the room. A first for me. Maybe that is a Vegas thing. I don't know. I would have not mentioned this if it weren't for how I was treated by Mike.There were unsafe dangling electrical wires and extension chords hanging loose in the room. I am pretty sure that its against the fire code to have that. I posted pictures and I hope somebody does take care of it before there is a fire. Toddlers can easily access these and wrap those around their necks and get entangled, electric shock or choke.  Please fix this management? Las Vegas Fire Dept? Whatever the code enforcement agency in Nevada is?Totally Contradicting to the room description, the carpets in the room were ugly stained worn out and dirty. I have posted a picture to refer to.Also another very funny thing was that all the soap provided was smelling very feminine like flowers. Hello....? Men have to shower too. Most men don't like to walk out of the shower smelling like a bouquet of feminine flowers lol.. Stupid people. Choose neutral fragrances that both men and women can use. Wifi is only free for 2 devices. the third device is about $15.00 / day. Thats crazy. Again that might just be a vegas thing I don't know. I had never been to a motel before this. Now the thing to see is if this review gets any attention and what they care a damn to do something about atleast the loose electrical chords and Mike's ugly attitude.As far as I am concerned, I'm not going back to this place again.
1	The Paris Hotel and Casino is now the best representation of the Parisian neighborhood of Belleville, including the grime, dirt and the old prostitutes dressed like Britney Spears. Bring hand sanitizer...The place was run down, dirty and the hallways were disastrous. Doors with giant scuff marks and the smell of trash and old food every time you walked through them. The registration process was slow, with long lines and uncomfortable, as the woman who checked us in talked to us like we were toddlers during class. When we asked for an additional card she lectured us about not putting our cards near our cell phones, when we just needed a card for the second guest. The room was ugly and old, no extra covers even in the middle of winter. The view was an old parking lot. Needless to say, I do not recommend this place to anyone and will never stay here again. Now to top things off, they double charged us. They charged both our credit cards the same amount and now I have the hassle of having to call the accounting department to sort this out. The WIFI is not free, welcome back to 2005. Neither is the gym, or anything for that matter. Just a cheap, run down and ugly sight. Just like the registration desk staff.
5	This is a review of the Total Rewards services. We were helped by Cheri at the Total Rewards desk and were very happy. She answered all of our questions and even some we didn't know to ask. She is a very helpful and friendly customer service specialist. We highly recommend asking for her.
2	If you play at the casino , the most important thing to consider is that you are fairly valued for the reward points . I stayed in Paris for 3 nights and all i did was play play and play on the tables. I spent more than 25 hours on the tables and in the last time case lost $2500 USD. My rewards $ 10. Other casinos would comp your entire stay and meals but I got a slice of Pizza. So whatever you want to do and forwhatever reason you are in Vegas compare other hotels . I will never go to any of the Caesars properties ever again.
3	I am only giving it 3 stars because I think it is pretty! The rooms are pretty too but the beds and pillows SUCK!!!! We got the Red room which is an upgraded room but nothing super special. We had a little view of the strip. The staff were great too but I just could not sleep well on that bed and lumpy pillows! I most likely not stay here again unless it was super cheap and it I brought my pillows from home!
4	Nice bathrooms. Havent tried much of anything else, but typical slots and table games. The bathrooms though, are very very nice! The deduction in stars is because it took us 30 min to get our valet car, when other people were coming up after us and getting their cars first.
3	Lord Jesus, please upgrade this ventilation system so people who don't smoke or only smoke a little can fully enjoy this casino!!! Paris is way too nice of a casino for people not to get the most out of it. It's also kind of dark in this casino. Can yall get a little more lighting? Lastly, the cobblestone walkway may be a hazard for folks in heels and the elderly. The escalators were also not working. However, the customer service is really great. I will not forget the manager who actually walked us over to our restaurant instead of pointing and giving directions. This same manager even gave us his name and engaged us in conversation as we were walking. This is the type of customer service that'll keep you coming back. To that end, the restaurant we ate at (Mon ami Gabi) was INCREDIBLE. The french theme is very nice and they have employees who can speak the language for guests who prefer it. That's really cool!!
