4	I was at Light (inside Mandalay Bay) on Wednesday for a private party and I really liked it.  It's four levels (including the dance floor), with lots of seating.  The drinks weren't super strong but the servers were friendly.  DJ was playing pop mixed to a house beat, which doesn't do it for me, but suited the crowd.  Great sound system.The cool part about Light: high behind the DJ booth, enclosed in glass, are Cirque du Soleil performers.  The performers also do acrobatics from the ceiling over the dance floor and dancers are on speakers.  The lighting is also awesome - more than just stobe lights, the lights are used to create various geometric patterns around the club.  I'd definitely want to check this out on a regular night.
4	Wow, what a comeback! There is no way that I am the only person who came to this club with little to no expectations. After having postponed its opening by a month, and after Hakkasan's, just what could Light bring to the table that hasn't been done by everyone else and their mother already? First, the club is located right at the base of the self park escalators which I'm sure every girl in heels can appreciate. I had gone with a group with table reservations, and I have to say that when the host was getting ready to lead us in, I loved that they mentioned, "You guys are at table #53, so if anyone gets lost, ask any of the staff to direct you there." Man, if other clubs were in this practice, it would have saved me a grip of stress and grief in the past for what is supposed to be a fun night out. Once you get past the entrance (an unfortunate exterior that "looks like a Christian homeless shelter," as one friend put it), there are a minimal number of stairs that bring you KABOOM to the bar, which is foreshadowed by an unusual birdcage*. The club is much roomier than most of us thought ("Was [previous tenant] Rumjungle REALLY this big!?") and has multiple floors a la its sister club Haze over at ARIA. The DJ booth is front and center of the club with a small dance floor; it looks like a big push will be for tables, which surround the dance floor on different elevations, followed by standing space towards the back right before a long and lengthy bar. The club has extensive lighting features (well I would hope so!), and that is a huge plus when highlighting one of its biggest attractions - the Cirque du Soleil acts that begin later in the night several times per hour. These are not your traditional go-go dancers that hop on a platform with bikinis and furry boots; nope, they don unique Cirque-y outfits and perform with much more acrobatic flair, and as the night goes on, more elaborate shows come onstage - there was one aerialist that had the attention of every iPhone in the place, and at one point there was a cast of Cirque performers in massive display-case-like sets behind the DJ doing their thing. Overall, I LIKED IT. At first I wasn't sure if this place would be worth anyone's time, but the venue itself combined with a DJ lineup with some EDM sluggers like Sebastian Ingrosso, Axwell, Alesso, Bassjackers, etc. will be sure to draw a crowd. P.S. The website even lets you listen to music by DJs slated for appearance so those not familiar can get a vibe beforehand. Happy drinking and dancing! *Upon exiting the club, the birdcage was for an exhibition where a model was having her body painted on - another cool detail.
4	Beautiful club, dramatic entrance. The Cirque show is amazing and did TURN ON the lights, and the music is pulsating.  Service was quick and friendly.....from the bar and cocktail servers. The busser at my table (Leo?) was a sweetheart and brought my Diet Pepsi in under a minute.   I would give 5 stars, but the doormen have already started to seem to  be very busy doing absolutely nothing, when they should be asking what your name is on the list. I like the Light group and know the original, but these new guys already  don't seem to know proper club etiquette. Do not leave people waiting at the door, especially when no one is in line. Dave Roberts needs to train these new crew of young guys and how to properly run the door, otherwise people will get turned OFF and go to other venues.(I'm in the service industry as well)You only get one chance to make a good impression boys!PS I do plan to give it another chance, I think it is going to be THE place to be at, I just hope they work on their service at the door.
4	Excellent sound and light show...v good VIP table service.., house jams..sophisticated and loud just the way you want it....this was opening night....a few kinks with service but not bad for what we paid for. I like the stadium seating for patrons so everyone VIP and regulars always have a clear view of the DJ and light show....designed to accommodate everyone. Steps away from the main valet area and taxi stand.
2	Reminds me of Haze. Overhyped and small.Went here last night and left with regret. Sure, I danced for a good hour, but could barely squeeze onto the dance floor. I almost fainted on the dance floor and was hyperventilating because of how crowded it was - hot and humid, and everyone pushing each other in slow waves. My friends had to help me get out of the dance floor...Pros: good music, although not really my style when it comes EDM. Lots of hot girls on the opening weekend, lined up outside. Bar was accessible despite how crowded and small the club was. Guest lists available if you find a promoter.Cons: total sausage fest. Girls were on the guest list, but they made us wait a long time before we all got inside. If you're claustrophobic, please protect yourself by not getting on the dance floor.This club is very unorganized and unprofessional in crowd control. Some of the promoters tried to help regulate and get their girls in, but the staff didn't coordinate well with it. I don't blame the promoters - they're just trying to help people out. It's the staff who need to figure their ish out. They're just as bad as Haze at Aria. Next time, I'll just take a cab/limo to Marquee or XS.
4	I came here last night to watch Sebastian Ingrosso and this venue is AMAZING!! From beginning to end, I absolutely kept saying to myself " I really love this place..." Why you ask, let me explain.-I absolutely love how the lay out gives you access to see the DJ spinning at almost every angle of the club. At other Vegas clubs like Marquee, Tao, or XS, the VIP tables have the "best seat" when it comes to actually seeing the DJ as there are limited areas for people to dance if they opt not to do table service.-The main floor does not make you feel cramped and you can actually get your dance on.-The Cirque acrobats are amazing from the guys running up and down the backdrop lit up with lights, to the women suspended in the air doing their thing.-The security were actually much friendlier.-Their name totally lives up with providing AWESOME light effects.This has to be my FAVE venue in Vegas. Surrender would be my #2 because of their outdoor area.Great job Mandalay Bay and thanks for opening this place up!
5	This club is hands down THE BEST venue I have ever been to!!!!!! I checked it out last night for Sebastian Ingrosso and I can't even begin to express how awesome it was. If you are as big a fan of EDM as I am than this is definitely worth checking out on your next trip to Vegas. The lighting and sound system are unparalleled. I mean, the screens pop out at you like they are 3D!!! (and no, Im not one those EDM lovers that does drugs to have fun AND i was able to see the crazy 3D action with hardly any alcohol in my system... well, at the beginning of the night Lol)The staff was surprisingly friendly too!!! I have found that this is rare in the nightclub world... especially when   It comes to holiday weekends and Vegas. In fact, one of my favorite places in Vegas is Encore but I have a love/hate relationship with the place because the security staff and bouncers that I have met are extremely rude and pushy. In my opinion, a staff's demeanor and personality can make or break the venue. In addition to the show, there were performers swinging around on hoops and stuff. I believe someone told me they were from cirque du soleil? They must of been bc some of the stuff they were doing was insane. BEST NIGHTCLUB EVER!!!
3	I know it is opening weekend PLUS Memorial Day weekend but 3.5 hours to get inside even with a guest list??? You've got to be kidding me. There are a lot of kinks that need to be worked out to smooth out this whole waiting in line process. Hopefully all of the staff will just get better with time!I enjoyed the huge LED back wall behind the DJ. I also enjoyed the Cirque du Soleli performers that were behind the DJ too. Sebastian Ingrosso was another plus. However, the overall layout of the club isn't the greatest, even with the huge dance floor on the bottom. Despite having this large main dance area, the club is still small, compared to Marquee and XS. I wish there was an outdoor area too!Also, they really need to fix the bass because when my friends and I reached the front of the stage, our ear drums felt like they were going to fall off because it was overly intense!! Sure, we want to hear a good bass sound but this was way too much. Now I understand why no one was standing that close to the stage. Even standing a little further back in the crowd did not help. Overall, the club has some nice features inside and some really popular DJs on their line up, which would be the sole reason for my return. Otherwise, I think I would rather stick to Marquee or XS, my favorite clubs.
4	First off, way better than Hakkasan, I'll tell you that much. I love the simple layout of the club and I really like the Cique du soleil performances that frequently go on throughout the night. It's something different and honestly, keeps you entertained when your friends (or random guys) are boring the crap out of you. And if that's not incentive enough, the EDM acts that they have lined up are enough to check it out. There isn't a lot (or any) area to sit but there's plenty of counter space to lean against/stand at to watch the show. It's not much but it definitely beats getting told to "keep moving" every 20 seconds like they do at other clubs. Doors open at 11PM and the lines are separated into: pre-paid tickets, all guestlists, and general admission. Get here early because the lines get pretty long by 10:30PM (probably also because most other clubs open at 10PM). Also, for self-parkers, the entrance is RIGHT at the base of the self-parking lot. Big win for the ladies (and their heels).
1	Well I never thought I'd find a club in Vegas worse than Tao but Light was able to make it happen! so congrats on that. I went opening weekend and expected there to be a wait to get in (I bought presale since I have a penis and not enough cleavage to get in for free) but we had about 10 girls in our group, all the guys bought presale and we got in quick! YAY! but the problem is they held the guestlist (girl's) line to let all the presale in, so well inside the club it became a sausage fest, dudes rubbin on dudes rubbin on more dudes... so if you're into that kind of stuff then this is the club for you!!!!But in all seriousness, the venue sucked, looked old, nothing fancy about the dancefloor, it was decent sized but PACKED with well.. dudes like I said, the upstairs is small and was more empty but it looked really run down to be honest, NOT what I expected from a club in VEGAS that was opening that weekend. In the end our girls waited in line for over 2 hours and kept getting cut in line (and security just didn't even care) so we just left as a group, while all the guys in our group had a blast dancing with each other we all pretty much hated this club, we come to Vegas pretty often and thought we'd give this new club a chance but looks like it's back to xs/marquee/surrender for us! never again light.
4	Bottom line, this is a great venue for EDM. It is geared towards fans of the music, not for bros and hoes who are just coming to Vegas to get wasted and laid. Everything is just conducive to having a good time listening to dance music - the gorgeous and gigantic LED screen and light displays, the sound system, the main stage for the DJ, and the Cirque dancers. We went two nights in a row on opening weekend for Zedd the first night and Ingrosso with Otto Knows the next night and everyone in our group agreed that it ranks up there with XS as a great EDM clubbing venue in Vegas.If you're stingy and don't want to pay for presale tickets, don't be surprised to have to wait in the guestlist (as if letting people who are cheap in before letting paying customers in would be a good business decision?!) Even the presale ticket line was pretty slow the second night. I'd say if you want to avoid waiting, the club allows re-entry, so you could come early, get stamps, pre-game, then come back later. The sound system will make your ears ring, especially on the dance floor, so if you care about your auditory health, bring some earplugs. The floor was pretty full, but there was space to dance - not too bad considering it was opening weekend. I've been to XS on nights when there's a top DJ playing and have spent the time gasping for air, getting shoved, and being blocked from re-entering the dance floor. For people who want to take a break from dancing and lounge about, the upstairs balcony also has lots of space, and the bar wait is not long at all. The security is tight but cordial inside, and there were tons of cops outside - if you cannot hold your liquor, this is not the place for you.
4	This is a no frills kinda EDM venue, previously a Cirque location, so imagine a large square room with 3 levels. Some cool perks are the lights and a few cirque dancers who come swinging from the ceiling and dancing on poles.The pros: - Large space, spacious on the top floor. Pretty crowded on the dance floor.- Cool lights, interesting Cirque entertainment.- Strong drinksThe cons:- Line management sucks. I guess it's because they're new. I came twice in one weekend and usually early is better than later, but it was faster to get in with pre-sale tickets at midnight than at 10pm.- Guestlist line was RIDIC. Good thing I bought pre-sale tickets.I have to say that of all the clubs I still really like XS, it's just a beautiful location and interesting venue because of the pools and the half outdoor/indoor thing. Out of all the clubs with the best resident DJ's, I enjoyed my experience at Light.
5	Light! It definitely is the Light of Vegas!  I had high expectations for this club given the fact it was created by Cirque du Soleil and had inputs from Swedish House Mafia's manager.  Not only were my expectations met but made me realize what a club should be  They established themselves as the most technologically advanced, creative, and club-goer-centric venue in the entire Vegas, and does it deliver.The entrance seems like something that should be on a Daft Punk music video, with a cascade of colorful lights that provide an illusion of infinite lights.  As you enter the club, you are immersed by 4 huge screens that dominant the entire club and can be seen from any view.  Located behind the DJ but encompassing the entire front wall, the 2 LED screens and 2 projection screens exemplify the essence that is Light.  Throughout the night,  the music is accompanied by numerous Cirque du Soleil performers acrobat ingabove the club and bouncing around and behind use the 2 projection walls.  There will never be a moment of dullness or time to breath at this club because everything around you is a spectacle.What truly brings this club together is the massive DJ lineup from the major hitters like Axwell, Alesso, Ingrosso, Skrillex to the new joiners to music - Zedd, Baauer, Otto Knows, Matt Zo, and more.  With the latest in sound systems even better than those of Funktion 1's, this club literally can be called the best in Vegas if not in the world.Friendly customer service from inside the club (don't let the door people or line workers mess up your impression of the club), extensive bars (so no line), Cirque Du Soleil theatrical performers, insane sound system, best DJ lineup in Vegas, and latest and largest LED technology in Vegas, this club is definitely not one to miss.  You'll find yourself at this club or its dayclub counterpart "DayLight" your entire Vegas trip. Sorry Hakkasan, XS, and Marquee, there's a new light in town and its ready to blind you all!
5	WOW. LIGHT has surpassed any club I have ever been to! Let me tell you, the light show mixed with Cirque Du Soleil is breathtaking! The venue is very VAST and open and even on Memorial Day Weekend it was easy to maneuver! There is not a bad spot in the club it is so epic! Every area offers an amazing view. The sound is also unparalleled by anything I have heard! AMAZING. My promoter was very helpful. If you ever need anything LIGHT or DAYLIGHT go through this promoter he will take care of you well! Text him and let him know you saw my yelp review! 7025751303. FIVE STARS for LIGHT! The energy in this place makes you want to dance all night! Love it.
2	So.... with EDM gaining mainstream popularity, there's been a flurry of new nightclubs in Vegas catering to just that type of music.  Unfortunately, most do not deliver.  The Light is no exception.  Gross, busted looking people in line, totally uninspired interior (felt like I was at Dave and Busters.  And despite being in the VIP section close to the stage, the entire experience here was just lackluster.  Left a lot to be desired.
5	Definitely the best EDM venue I have ever been too. The club is visually stunning, I have never seen anything like it. The Cirque performers put on a show that is unforgettable. The whole club is crazy and I would definitely recommend it to anyone coming to Vegas
5	This Club has to be the most AMAZING club in Vegas hands down!!
4	Having the Cirque du Soleil crew in the club really adds a nice element that you don't see in other clubs. There are acrobatics swinging in the air and dancing behind the see-thru glass stage. Very surreal.I have to say their lineup is some of the best Vegas has offered in a while. Went there to see Krewella, which was a kickass performance. With other big name DJs such as Skrillex, Zedd, Sebastian Ingrosso and Alesso coming up, LIGHT will be an awesome EDM venue for a good while.The dancer floor is pretty big. Unlike XS, Marquee or Tao where the dance floors are broken down to several rooms on different floors, LIGHT has one large dance floor in front of the DJ. What's good is that it is not a mile away from the bar or the restroom, everything is pretty close.Like mentioned in previous reviews, the layout of the club gives you a very good view of the DJ despite of your location. Whether you're upstairs or in the far corners, you're never too far from seeing the center of the room because it's laid out like a warehouse, to give that 'underground' feel. The drink lines move surprisingly fast, I only waited maybe 5 minutes for an order, which is not bad at all compared to some other clubs. There are also some counter tops around the club that you can sit on which is nice.As for the negatives, the interior decor is meh. It looks nothing like some of the concept photos I've seen. The lack of any statues, fancy lighting, chandeliers or anything feels like something is missing. Sure they have some confetti and misters that come out every now and then but it's nothing out of the ordinary. I understand they went for the warehouse look but it is not all that aesthetically appealing.The lines to get in the club seem pretty ridiculous. The guestlist line seemed to stop moving after 11. The pre-sale lines were slow as well. Maybe because LIGHT just opened but it was seriously the longest line I've seen at a nightclub. Fortunately, I didn't have trouble getting in but coming early would be a good idea, especially because it is a small club and fills up fast.Despite the negatives, LIGHT is still a solid club. The DJ lineup, nice layout and the Cirque du Soleil crew puts this club up there with some of the competitors. Definitely check it out.
5	I average about 8 trip to Vegas per year and I have never bothered to write a review on my visits. This last trip, we went to the grand opening of Light at the Mandalay Bay. As I sit here and think about my review, an important thing comes to mind:Your experience at a nightclub like this is probably highly correlated to whether or not you had table service or paid general admission. I'm not trying to be an elitist asshole (said the Yelp Elite) but I've been there: You're in high (HIGH) heels, there's NO PLACE to sit, a small squat on the speakers and the bouncers are already flashing lights at you, the dance floor is CRAMMED and the VIP dudes keep pushing you in because you are invading the bottle-service space. Talk about feeling like a second-class citizen.Then there's the "bros" with the bottle service booth by the stage. Dancing on the couch, sitting whenever they feel like it, random bitches showing up and grinding up on you (for the price of all the liquor you purchased), photographers snapping your picture, random dudes hi-fiving you and the sucking up of every single manager, server and employee there. What a life.Regardless on what side of the fence (VIP rope) you are, I still want to give Light the props that it deserves. They went all out on their opening night. The circ du soleil style was very much present in the gogo-dancers, random-creepy-costume people walking around the dance floor, bottles area and general seating and the arealist performers. They had ring acrobats, silk acrobats, people climbing up/down the walls (literally) and a tinted screen where, when illuminated, showed tons of dancers on trampolines doing tricks. Zedd was there rocking out and his before/after DJ was also quite good for an all EDM night.In terms of set up and decor, they have 3 floors with balconies so you can see the main stage from almost everywhere. The ceiling and main wall is filled with flat-screens displaying different abstract things and giving it a very trippy experience. It was one of the biggest clubs without a pool/outdoor area, almost like a renewed version of Rain (which used to be THE club).For a Grand Opening, I thought it was fabulous. Do I expect it to be as good on a regular night? No. Would I go had I had to stand in line like the people I saw (literally around the freaking casino)? No. But that's just me. Clubbin is fun and all, but not when you get treated like shit just to get into somewhere.
5	very impressive laser, light, music and large tv screen....if you like house, trance, zedd, and skrillex this is the place to be......The best night club right now....hands down....the customer service is surprisingly friendly for a high end nightclub...
5	Holy cow...I think I have a new must visit venue whenever I go to Las Vegas. Light Nightclub is put on by the Light Group of Las Vegas..and it doesn't disappoint one bit.  The club consists of three levels and it's HUGE. Light shows, lasers, special effects..you name it. Hard to describe in words, but you will be in awe when you get here.It opened over Memorial Day weekend and I visited this past weekend. Lines for general admission were extremely long so you best book table service or get in contact with a host!As expected, table minimums is higher then other venues due to it's hype but that was expected. On a non-event weekend, expect minimums to start at 1k for the upper level tables. We ended up tipping the host and getting moved downstairs halfway through the night, and it was well worth it. Grey Goose starts off at around $575 a bottle and Ciroc goes for $670. If you elect to go through general admission, be prepared to wait in line..HOWEVER..this place is awesome for people who need room to move around.   The 2nd and 3rd floors have alot of room for people to hang out at. Places like Marquee and Tao crowd bodies into the main room to the point where you can't move around. At Light, you will have a ton of room to dance or just sit back and chill. Also the club is designed so that you can see the DJ and lightshows from anywhere inside.xS is still my favorite venue because of the memories but Light will quickly take that spot for me after a couple more visits. CHECK IT OUT IF YOU ARE IN TOWN!
1	The Light Nightclub is a ripoff. My family was in Las Vegas recently. My daughter purchased a ticket to a club event but when she arrived it was severely over booked. Over 100 people could not get into the venue. She left in frustration when after half and hour nobody in line was let in. When we tried to get a refund they told us that they could give her a free pass to a future event. A lot of good that does her when she has no plans to travel to Vegas again. They told us a refund is out of the question.It's incredible that they would over book and keep everyone's money that couldn't get in. This is a crooked operation!
4	Cozy venue, great DJ's, beautiful lighting, awesome sound system. What more can I ask for in a club!I attended the grand opening night on Memorial Day Weekend, and the guest DJ was Zedd.. he was phenomenal.  Beautiful people everywhere. I will return soon!
5	We rolled in with a crew Memorial Day Weekend and experienced an incredibly stimulating evening of light & sound accompanied with acrobatic entertainment that blew our minds! Definitely an experience beyond what I have normally had in other top-notch clubs around the world. Intermingling of groups doesn't seem to happen, there's no dance floor that I noticed, but plenty of poles for the hot girl in your group to swing herself around, and the bar is always close by. The music was so EXCELLENT, the screen/stage light show is larger than any other I've seen!
5	CLUBS LIKE THIS IS THE REASON I LIKE TO PARTY IN VEGAS!!!!!!Lets start with the staff: the guys are the door are cool. They don't walk around with that " im a bouncer in Vegas " Attitude. There was never a wait at the bar the bartender were very fast .The show : they had a full show going while the dj was spinning. They put a girl in the in this clear cup shape seat and lowered her down to the crowd. The laser and light show is second to none. Definitely a highlight of my trip.My only dislike with the club is the music. I like house music like the next guy and ZEDD  is a great dj . However , I prefer to hear a mixture of music,I cant hear house music all night  . There's only so much jumping up and down my 31 year old body is able to do . All in all I LOVE THIS CLUB and would go back in a heartbeat
4	Okay, let's get something straight before you read the rest of this review: I'm not a big EDM guy. My tolerance for electronic music usually lasts roughly 20 minutes before I start to get bored, so when in Vegas, I tend to lean towards going to places that are likely to spin open format (i.e. Tryst, Tao, 1oak, etc.). During my last excursion to Vegas however, a friend was able to comp free entrance and walk-in for a friend and I into Light. Seeing as how I had no other leads for the evening, we decided to just get trashed and go.After taking 6 rounds of Jameson shots, we walk into Light, which is located in the same area as an old Cirque du Soleil show and was just blown away. The entire space is roughly 2 floors high and very spacious for an indoor venue. I expected the place to be a lot more crowded than it was, only to come to terms with it after realizing that the bright and shiny Hakkasan had just opened up down the street and was much more likely to attract EDM heads from Marquee or XS.Ginormous LED screens and sprawling lasers created a stimulating visual, which only went to further amaze when acrobats began a choreographed routine hanging from harnesses high above the crowd.Speaking of the crowd, it was pretty typical for a Vegas nightclub. Lots of beautiful women, but a surprising lack of bros whose idea of dancing culminated at fist pumping and trying to shuffle. Maybe they were all at Hakkasan?Anyway, a few hours in and several rounds of drinks later with random friends who also happened to be there, I was in full on party mode. At that point, I didn't really care about the music and just wanted to have a fun time, which is exactly what happened..A tip of my cap off to you, Light. I expected to have a shitty-to-average night and walked away pleasantly surprised. The big test for whether or not this place keeps its 4-star rating, however, depends completely on the experience I have the next time I go.
4	Apparently this night club is inspired and resembled of the Cirque du Soleil theme but other than the characters that roam around, I seriously fail to see what resemblance that this joint has with the theme. However, the club is nice.Their layout is certainly like no other. Their layout reminds me of Hakkassan's main stage except much smaller. And the bad part is its size. While I do like clubs to limit its size to maintain the convenience of roaming around, this club fills a capacity that certainly exceeds the space it already has.The drinks weren't too bad. Considering that I got a bunch of free drink tickets, I certainly can't complain that I spent a lot. All the complimentary drinks certainly made up for the $30 cover charge on a Saturday night.My first time here, I lost my keys. I had no access to my home, car, bank, nothing. This drove me insane during the duration of my search but apparently, the security had gotten a hold of it and I was VERY fortunate in retrieving them. They were VERY VERY nice nnlike Surrender Nightclubwhich has the biggest douchebags of all Security Guards.
5	Vegas, please welcome Ibiza into the building. For the first time, Vegas has built a mega club that compares to the best in the world such as Pacha, Amnesia and maybe even Space Ibiza (nobody can really touch Privilege quite yet). I got in at a decent time with my friend Elise, and we lost some causalities to the pool during the day. Or else we would've had another epic ratio day. Fortunately our friend, and customer development manager at the Light, Norman knows that scenario all too well.Unlike the scene the night before at the MGM, the Light does in fact have a moving line and at the same time it is kept spread out and organized. It was very clear as to where the ticket holders, guest-list and table service clients should line up. We walked up to the very first person at the ropes, and he was able to quickly point us to Norman right away.  Within minutes we found him, and exchanged a few pleasantries along with a token of appreciation and IN we go.As soon as we walked in, we heard the loud bass thumping from the dance floor. We already knew the sound system was on point in comparison to Hakkasan. There was only one room, so they didn't need to noise proof the main room with worries of sound leaks into other places. As we turned the corner and finally saw the dance floor, we saw an arena full of madness. There were Cirque the Soleil performers dangling from the ceilings, and rage all around. Surprisingly it was spread out rage, so there was plenty of empty room for us to cruise all the way to the front of the stage. DJ Stellar started the night out with some epic tech house to get the dance floor moving in the right direction.We decided to cruise around, and this place is absolutely huge. The best way to describe the stage, is a club with a built in rave sized HD stage. HD as in being wider then your normal stage. This allows room for a wider dance floor, thus way more room to rage and dance. The best part is that this place comes with a second level balcony just as spacious as walkways of the first level. The bathrooms for both male and females are on both floors!  These bathrooms were in the perfect location, the corners of the club, where one with common sense would think to put them. The bars were built along the entire back wall, and there are plenty of waiters and waitresses ready to serve you with minimum wait and maximum service.As the night progressed from the opening DJ to the next, the production value went up by a notch progressively until the ultimate build up. Following Stellar, Sebastian Drums threw together a high energy progressive house set which got the liquor flowing. My connect Kirk whos in with the security got us into the VIP section for a better of the stage, and more room to rage without bumping into anyone. I would say, I m surprised by the amount of Dom Perignon Magnums ordered at a consistent rate at these center aisle tables. I had a chance to go over the price list for the tables at the Light beforehand, and it is along the lines of XS and other clubs in Vegas. Unlike Hakkasan where there is a clear inflation of prices, and unfilled tables. Every few minutes the dance floor was flooded by confetti, with an act behind stage, a gymnast doing tricks from the ceiling and even a go go would pop up out of no where start dancing. It was a complete sensory overload. The last time I had a feeling like this within a night club was most definitely in Ibiza. By the time Thomas Gold the main DJ came on, the entire club turned into a set for main stage DJ at EDC.  After the night was over, I believe I found my new favorite club in Ibiza, wait Vegas. Which fortunately is only a few hours away. I will most definitely be coming back for years to come.  For all of your Light Nightclub reservations inquiries, please contact Norman. Message me for details.
2	As a Vegas local, I can honestly say this place takes the lame cake. This is Rum Jungle with a new name. Nothing more, nothing less. Where were all the "Cirque" arial dancers swinging from cool silks and where was the awesome laser lighting as promoted? It sure wasn't  happening the night I was there. (1 wk ago) Instead, we walked into a almost full, two story nightclub, many girls walking around with their shoes in their hands and when I ordered ONE Vodka Redbull and ONE Malibu Pineapple; was given a $45 tab! Seriously? You guys are not XS or Tryst. Relax.For this kind of atmosphere, just go to Oracle Mansion, better music, same quality people and better drinks from what I hear.P.S. The "just go to Oracle instead" comment is a sarcastic joke!
4	I really like this club.  It isn't super fancy like XS or Surrender, but it has a great industrial theme to it that goes well with making the night a show by giving it a big open space.  In true Cirque Du Soleil fashion, coming early gives you a treat with "pre-show performers" wandering about the club and interacting with the club-goers.  Throughout the rest of the night, there were aerial and pole dancers as well. The LED screen was fun to watch and extended across a whole wall floor to ceiling.  My favorite part of the club was the LED screens running across the ceilings and coming down like a tornado shape over the DJ booth--everything was coordinated to create a great show to watch.I really like the set up of the tables at this club.  Most of the time, tables get in the way and crowd up the dance floor.  Here, tables are sectioned off (you have to show handstamp to get to your table), and the tables are tiered so that every table gets a good view of the main dance floor and the DJ spinning. This also is great for people without a table, because you can still get a good view of the DJ if you're behind the tables as well.  There are also railings lining each tier, where you can lean against and view the main show.  There is also a second floor, which overlooks the main floor.   So no matter where I was, I got a good view of Zedd all night :DOverall, the place has a good vibe, and it was a lot of fun!  I would definitely love to come here again :)
5	Love this club! I came here saturday night of memorial day weekend to see sebatian ingrosso. The club itself is decent sized, but most of the room is saved for bottle service tables. The rest of the space gets crowded quick.There are 3 floors. 1st floor is the dance floor. I was able to get up close to sebastian ingrosso. Yay! Everyone enters on the second floor and the 3rd floor is much like the 2nd floor. There are bars and bathrooms on the second and third floors. I like that there are railings on these floors that you can put your drink on that has a very nice view of the stage.There are many dancers that comply with the cirque du soleil theme. There is thia huge screen in the background that has amazing light shows.As for the line. Yes, it was a really long wait. But what do you expect for opening weekend? We got a text from the promoter that the club will open at 8. So we arrived at 8:30, but I don't think the club opened until 11. A lot of people were cutting, but once the security came and put up ropes for the lines, that stopped. Once the club opened, we got in fast because we were there so early. We got a free drink ticket because there was someone walking around with an ipad that gives you one for signing in with your email.
5	When a good DJ is spinning here like ZEDD on June 14, definitely come and check it out! Every bouncer that I spoke to (at least 5 different bouncers) were extremely helpful and friendly.  From the minute I arrived at 1:30am to 430 am, music was amazing and the venue itself is way more impressive than Hakkasan which is what our group was looking forward to the entire weekend.I hope to come here in the future to check out Eclipse and Daylight.   For Zedd we paid $30 for men and $20 for girls and was well worth the money since Hakkasan charged $50 for men and $30 for girls for R3Hab and I was bored from minute 1 to the very end so we left early.  Hakkasan staff (girl named Megan and cashier lady are very rude and should quit if they hate their jobs)If you want to a new club to visit then LIGHT las vegas is worth it.  Otherwise go to XS as a second option.  NEVER EVER GO TO HAKKASAN since you will get the same experience at lights with added cirque du soleil performers
5	I truly believe that I have a new favorite club when it comes to Vegas EDM clubs. I have frequented XS, which is super swanky, and very spacious, when you include the pool area, but this addresses the major issue that XS encounters. Space with a view of the entertainer. First of all, let me say that the staff at Light were awesome, nice and understanding, just treat them like they are actual people. Second, my girlfriend and I were moved up to the fromt of the line, I guess for just being nice, and waited basically 0 minutes to get inside to see Baauer and Zedd, and when we walked in, they only allowed us to come onto the top level, which was kind of weird, but okay.Third, let me tell you that there are sooooo many good vantage points to view the screens (AWESOME), lasers (again awesome), performance, and of course, the lights (so many lights). At first, the club was empty, we did buy the tickets before hand, and I'm sure glad we did, because we talked to people that were in line for over an hour and a half, so I can't really comment on their other lines, but as time went on, the whole club filled up, and we moved from the floor to one of the drink rails on the top floor. There will ALWAYS be a spot in the club to dance, somewhere. GREAT view of the DJ's, and on top of that, the amazing Cirque performers, which also perform behind the two major screens. Let me tell you, this place is nothing like I have ever experienced and trust me, it is WELL WELL worth the price of admission. If you are looking for something awesome and different. GO and GO NOW!
4	This is one badass club, but whats up with that caged chair thing and the fact that everything not facing the stage seems a bit dated? Anyways I'm not hating because this place is dope, its just that some things could have been touched up to match the revamped AV system and super cool live acts that make this place one of the top new clubs on the strip.As I mentioned above, there are certain parts of the club that seem oldish but its not a big deal really they're just minor touches that could make an awesome club an even more awesome club. Regardless of that what they lack in that department they definitely make up for things in DJ star power, sick visuals and really awesome butterfly shaped confetti.As I mentioned above their resident DJ list is STACKED, and I might go so far as to say that its the best Vegas has to offer.  Take a look for yourself if you want but with names like Skirillex, Zedd, Axwell and Baauer you're sure to have a good time.  Just watch out for the bros that are ready to Harlem Shake on all over you and your friends (I'm one of them).
4	This place is insane.  Seriously.  The Cirque Du Soleil really really really pushes this place over the top.  It was a little cramped for my taste and I'm used to clubs being so cramped that it takes me hours to walk 5 feet.  The sound system was great.  The bouncers were as friendly as Vegas bouncers can get (not very friendly lol).  There were way too many guys here.  Plan on being with a few hot girls (and/or really take your time getting ready if you are a girl) or buying tickets ahead of time.  I was here for Nicky Romero.  I didn't know what I was expecting but I had a great time.  We couldn't make it into Hakkasan for Hardwell because of many extenuating circumstances, but we decided on Light.  The acrobatics and girls spinning and swinging from hoops and ropes and stuff was really really really awesome.  It did a great job distracting me from the size of Nicky Romero's teeth (I love you Nicky, have my babies and make sure they get braces or something).This place lived up to the hype.
5	look up youtube videos of this club and watch for yourself!there, enough said.
4	I still remember back in the day where Pure was the place to go in Vegas. Now, there's more clubs than you can choose from for your weekend trip! I've never thought I would go to a club at Mandalay Bay, but hey, this place turned out to be pretty awesome. We came with a group of all girls and we quickly made out way in with minimal wait on a Sat night at 11. We were taken to the girl's only table where they basically give you free drinks (although it's Sky mixed with stuff.... Ughhh) and they encourage you to dance up on the ledges. We were there for a bit then we explored the area. Now, the stage at this place is pretty awesome. It really "LIGHTs" up the place. Haha. There is plenty of table space since it's tiered, which makes it really nice so everyone can see the stage. This place is set up nicely for DJ shows... like many of the newer clubs in Vegas now.There dance floor is pretty small, but it's pretty much expected. Dance by a table or by the bar. There's two bars on the middle level and another one on the top level - which is less crowded IMO. There are also bathrooms on both of these levels. The top level seemed to be considerable darker than the middle one... Hmmmmm...The Cirque Du Soleil performers make this club more interesting than other places because it's like watching a show AND clubbing. Although I've heard guys gripe about this since it's harder to hit on girls who are more entranced with the performance than the club goers. LOLI really like this place... but the downside is it's SMALLER. We'll see if they can compete long term with the other big players.
5	Light is going to be my go-to spot for Vegas DJ events due to: 1) Ample space and air flow : Light is 3 levels with tons of ventilation. If you get tired of  the dance floor you can hang back on the first floor, walk around the second, or watch from above on the third. Each level has an equal and clear view of the stage.2) Performers: It's a Cirque du Soliel co-venture. Not your typical go-go dancers at all.  People swinging from the ceiling, acrobatics, people running up and down walls totally defying gravity.At one point the whole club turned into an underwater scene with ornamental jellyfish dropping down from the ceiling, the LED screens thinning out to show acrobats dressed as scuba divers swimming against an LED underwater backdrop, and 3 scuba driver swingers dropping down from the ceiling; all swimming in sync to music. It was jaw-dropping. 3) Bar on every floor: Can't get your drinks on the bottom floor? There's a bar station on all 3 floors to get your drink on. 4) Lines : Lines can be long if you don't have a ticket. We bought tickets to see Mat Zo and had no hassle getting in. Got in under 15 minutes with no problem from staff. At $30 for male and $20 for female to see a top DJ, it was a steal. Overall, the winning points for me are the space/ventilation, and live performances. It's a place you can bring your friends who aren't comfortable with dancing. People who don't like to dance can have a fun time just enjoying the entertainment, and your group gets to have a fun night out. Now that I've experienced Light I'm not planning on going anywhere else!
5	Thanks to Sophia for helping me and my group. This club gives you the ultimate club atmosphere experience. Unlike other Vegas clubs, you actually have space to dance and room to breathe. They also have a great air system cause I was so intoxicated and was dancing without breaking a  sweat. Although they do not A+ house resident dj's, the music was still exceptionally awesome ! The amount of space this venue has is just completely massive. Drinks were like any other Vegas club but better and stronger. Make sure to arrive there by 10 p.m to avoid waiting in line for hours !
5	Came here for Krewella after the club's debut and this club does not disappoint. Despite the name of the club, this club is DARK so clubbers beware of what darkness can cover (or if that's your game, more better for you).As you enter the club, it's a tri level club that's a giant square with the ground level being the dance floor + tables and as you ascend up to the upper floors, more tables and tables. This club is really a place to hear good music, dance and see some live entertainment. Since this club is associated with Cirque du Soleil, you'll see throughout the night women dressed in funky dresses/costumes and greeting guests with weird noises and poses. Also throughout the night, a woman descends down to the middle of the dance floor from the roof and perform some mid-air pole dancing. These live entertainments during the dancing mayhem is a nice change in my opinion and definitely a step up from the conventional Vegas clubbing experience. One thing that's a HUGE plus for this club that most clubs fail to provide is good ventilation and Lights provide AWESOME ventilation. The club started out cold and stayed that way (unless you were in the dance floor from 10pm - 4am then you probably didn't notice). All in all, I loved this new club and can see myself coming back here especially with their stacked DJ residencies.
5	Got Pre-Sale ticket to see Sebastian Ingrosso on July 6. Upon arrival I wasn't sure which line to stand in and had to ask one of the security/line attendants and they were so friendly. Much better vibe then at any of the other clubs I've been to in Vegas so far!This club is a partnership with Cirque so lots of the staff walks around in different costumes. They have a lot going on when you get inside its really hard to decide where to go first . It definitely gets crowded which I usually have issues dealing with but they kept the place very cool. Security was walking around with their flash lights making sure all was well. I really felt like everyone working there was happy to be there.Get there as close to 10 as you can to avoid too long of a line! Females can find a promoter to get you in pretty easily and you get a drink ticket. My friends that I met there had those it was for VODKA only lol the poor bartender had to repeat herself tons to so many chicks it was hilarious but she was friendly about it.I plan to go back to see krewella , I think this place is awesome and well worth the price of admission if you don't want the hassle of a super long wait do what I did and get presale female tickets and arrive early.
5	You know things are going to be crazy when you are greeted by a giant Somoan tribal man, a bubble girl, and a disco Cinderella girl at the door!Move over Vegas clubs because The Light nightclub is now the BEST club I've been to by far!   My group arrived at 10 pm which was super early and we didn't have to wait long in line before we were all let in. Girls free and guys pay $40+ on guest list.The place is big and I absolutely LOVE the LED walls and ceiling, the large dance floor, and the amazing sound system. Aerialists and Cirque Soleil type performers can be seen performing all night to the hottest DJ beats. I love how they give you a bunch of drink tickets if you arrive early and from those who paid for their drinks I heard it was pretty reasonable too. I don't think I have ever said this in my life but the bouncers here and security people are the nicest I've ever met. If you are blocking the walkway they kindly escort you to the side and they even directed me to the speakers to sit on when they saw me limping around without my heels on. Tip* the bathroom line is HORRENDOUS! Use it before the crowd gets crazy! Otherwise expect to wait in line with 50 other girls.
1	Wow!  The worst bottle service experience of my life, in Vegas or otherwise.  Not at all what I expected from this place given all the hype.We had a table reservation for a group of five guys and two girls with a $3000 minimum.  We arrived around midnight and were seated pretty promptly at a prime dance floor table, as we expected for the amount we paid on a regular Friday night.  The table next to us was crowded with girls and only girls - most of them hot local girls.  They were drinking for free from the cheapest bottles and were clearly "employed" by the club, whether they were actually paid or simply lured by free bottles.  This fact became even more evident when we ordered our champagne and vodka and the bottle waitress pointed over to the girls' table and told us that if we see any we like we should point them out and she would bring them over.  It's standard practice in Las Vegas for staff members to bring girls to tables, but I found taking it to this level quite hilarious; regardless, props to them if it works as a business model.A little later on in the night, after having chatted with one of the girls from the pro-clubber table, her group of friends was sent off (sold?) to another big spending table. I decided to take the waitress up on her earlier offer to send ladies over.  At this point, to reach our $3000 minimum, we had purchased several bottles of vodka and champagne, much of which was still on our table unopened.  I asked the waitress about sending some girls over, and she replied, in the rudest manner I've ever experienced at a nightclub, "You're drinking Stoli.  Girls aren't attracted to Stoli.  You should order something else if you want girls to come to your table."Luckily, it wasn't tough to find girls (she was quite wrong about girls and their attraction to Stoli), but this level of attitude is hardly what I would expect from someone set to make a minimum $750 gratuity from serving a single table.  This would never happen at a true top-tier club. I'll stick to XS and Marquee from now on.
5	Wow, Light is definitely a new experience for Vegas nightlife. Walked into a whole new level of a light show here. They have LED screens to fill the entire back wall as well as the ceiling! The production is amazing, and I am so impressed.You've got your jellyfish chandeliers, 'go-go dancers' in synchronized movement and always changing into unique costumes. Forget buying tickets to see that Cirque du Soleil show, you can watch performers hang from the ceiling and do acrobatics! Maybe it's not the same, but it's so entertaining to watch in nightclub. You can't get that anywhere else!I was here for a stacked line up with Nicky Romero headlining. Once he was up, he ziplined into the DJ booth from the third floor! What a way to make an entrance. I was impressed yet again.I felt that their dance floor was smaller in comparison to other clubs. It gets crowded quickly and there's only enough space for you to do the penguin dance. But it's well ventilated, so I didn't feel a need to suffocate. Can't wait to come back to Vegas. Can't wait to come back to The Light!
4	Yes, it's a club so yes, there's always gonna be a line. However, the staff was helpful and down to earth. Get there early and wait in line and you should be fine. Ladies, guestlist if you can but still get there as early as possible to avoid a long wait. Inside the club, performers keep you entertained throughout the night.  Definitely one of my favorites.
4	i'm surprised there aren't more reviews for this place! but i came here when Zedd was spinning during EDC weekend and i was SOBER. this is the first time i've been completely sober at a club in vegas, but it was still pretty amazing. only because zedd is amazing. the club itself was just whatevs, i was a little confused on where i could or could not go/stand since there were so many tables all along the outer part of the dance floor. the dance floor itself is pretty big and they really know how to put on a good show with many dancers on the stage and even an aerialist coming down to the floor. Eventually i was able to get more centered as zedd was closing out with spectrum and the lights were amazballs. would definitely come back.
2	The Light pretty much sucks in my book. Everything from the layout, the sound system, and the decor sucks. The only thing they have going for them are the LED screens, cirque dancers, and that unfortunately, all the "cool" people go here now.Other than LED lights flashing at you, there is nothing visually captivating about the club. Clubs like XS, Surrender, and Tryst are so beautiful and plush inside, making your time there feel so balling and glamorous. The Light looks straight up like a dark warehouse club in LA.The layout of the club promotes just buying a table and staying there. No walking around... no mingling. Isn't that the whole point of going to Vegas? (It certainly is for me). I like to walk around the club, meet people at different tables, and talk to people. It is annoying as hell to walk up different levels to get to different tables or the bar area, and the club walkway just doesn't seem to "flow."Along the same lines as socializing, it is hard as hell to have a conversation with someone here. It is so freaking loud. There were times I felt like my eardrums were about to pop out of my head. I actually saw some people walking around with ear plugs.So I guess if you just like listening to house music (they DO have really good DJs), then you'll really like it here. If you come to Vegas to meet girls/guys/new people, best to go to a different club.
5	THE BEST CLUBBING EXPERIENCE EVER.Last weekend I went to Marquee and Light clubs, and I can't explain how much fun I had here compared to I did at Marquee (even Dash Berlin was playing). Simply this place was composed of: club + Cirque du Soleil + EDM + BIG visual screen + LIGHTS!! I loved the fact that there was a show for almost every 20-30 minutes. Everyone just stopped dancing and was mesmerized by the show. Dance floor was definitely bigger than Marquee. I wasn't on the dance floor, but I was still able to dance my ass off near the bar area. Another thing that was so awesome about this place was that even you aren't on the dance floor, you get to see EVERYTHING from the back because it's built like an amphitheater. Sure, I wasn't here for the top DJ, but hey, I ended up having so much fun here! I'm soo coming back to this club.
4	LIGHT is a good spot in my book. When all else fails on contemplating on where to go if other venues are sold out or just don't want to waste time waiting in a long line to party. Definitely check out Light Nightclub.  NO COVER CHARGE! Music: If you're a fan of EDM (Electronic Dance Music) type of music. Mos Definitely hit this spot! My first time at Light, Don Diablo (from Amsterdam) was spinning on the 1s and 2s. It felt so LIVE with the music,lights, and live acrobatics. Definitely a good experience and I will sure come back again to check out Krewella perform.
5	Came here because my friend raved about it, so I used the same promoter Tiffany to get my friends in. Tiffany was great and got all my friends in no problem. Off to a good start already. Then the girls got some free drink coupon for filling out something. Yay! free drinks for girls is always plus. Inside, the first things you notice is the circus de soleil (dressed lady gaga like) and the the screen/lighting. The staff and workers here are super nice, unlike those down the street at hakkasan. I ordered twice from the same bartender and she remembered my drinks when i came the third time. My friend kept his tab opened and his bartender treated us all like is friends. Overall, staff here is very friendly.Music and lighting here is exceptional. If you like EDM, you must come here. Stafford brothers played on the day i came. They were good but I'm still waiting for Zedd. This place is a must try if your around town. It is quickly becoming one of my favorite places.
5	I love The Light! It's my new favorite Vegas club! There is always access to the main dance floor.Pros:1) HUGE, so there's plenty of room2) Great ventilation3) Cirque du Soleil performers hanging from the ceilings4) Sold line up of DJs spinning every weekend5) Consistent access to the dance floor, while at other clubs, they block off the dance floor.6) Entire wall full of LED monitorsCons:1) Dance floor is small, but larger than many of the other clubs in Vegas2) Hella crowded around the bar closest to the entrance, so it's difficult to get to the other side
5	You gotta see it to believe it. Light night club Next up to Kill the club, Friday july 26 HOOKNSLING. This club is simply living up to the Vegas hype with 3 levels including a dance floor, + Cirque du Soleil + EDM + BIG visual screens. R.I.P
5	This club was designed very well. Standing room for GA and bottle service allowing the entire club to enjoy the atmosphere and talent. A must. If your going to a club go to Light!!.....If your going to a pool party Daylight is a must as well. ...No. I don't work there but I had an amazing weekend largely because of these two clubs. I've been to Vegas many times and have visited all the hot spots when it comes to EDM. Light is the best.
3	What I like about this club:1. Free admission2. Complimentary drinks for the ladies 3. Friendly promoters4. Crowd gets better looking as the night progresses5.  Light shines up in all directions illuminating the face of would-be creepers. This is one of the brightest venues I've been to.6. People work around dressed in Cirque du solei costumes! There's even a big Jaba the hut looking guy that sits on a throne and pretends to be looking down on us commoners dancing the night away! Not bad for a dance club. It's a pretty small venue though. My top favorites are still Surrender, XS, and Marquee because there are a lot of rooms to explore and a lot more musical variety. If I wanted a more intimate vibe with just friends, I'd come here.
5	Hands down, Light is the BEST nightclub in Vegas right now!  We came here for our last night and wanted to go out with a bang.  I still can't stop thinking or talking about it because it was the #1 club I've ever been to (so far) and the best clubbing experience I've also had (so far).Pros:+ Free admission for girls before 12:30 and an all-girls line to go through+ 2 free drink tickets (although we didn't use them because we had a table)+ Consistent DJ lineup+ Amazing LED monitors on one whole entire wall+ Awesome lighting effects+ Great sound system+ Cirque du Soleil performers hanging from the ceilings and walls+ Foam and confetti showers every 30 minutes or so+ Prime table location on the dancefloor+ Friendly, quick & superb table service and bouncers+ If you have a table, a bouncer will escort you to the bathroom! (Talk about VIP service)+ Two ways of seeing the club: If you're upstairs, it's like you're looking into it and if you're downstairs, you're actually inside the clubCons:- The dancefloor is smaller than most other clubs in Vegas- It can get super crowded and can take some time walking through- The bathrooms always have ridiculously long lines- The sound system is sick to the point where you lose your hearing for a couple of hours afterwardIf you're in town, be sure to check out Light!
1	I have never had such a terrible club experience in my life.We pre purchased tickets for Krewella online about a week before. We got to the club around 10PM and the line was through the roof. Apparently there was a false fire alarm and we were told that the line would move quickly. We hopped into the "PRESALE" line, but one of the jerk security guards told us we had to go in the back of the line, which was behind the "GENERAL ADMISSION" line. We told him repeatedly that we had already purchased our tickets, but we were still told to wait in the general admission line.  We were not moving. After 2 HOURS of waiting- we asked another security guard who had told us that they had been given the wrong information and that we were in the wrong line the entire time. We asked him if we would now be able to get in and he said if we paid $400 we could get in right away. I mean seriously, we already paid for our tickets. Meanwhile we are watching huge groups of men being ushered into the club by paying off the employees. We had waiting a total of 3.5 HOURS- we did not get into the club until 130PM and Krewella had already started playing.  I have never experienced worse customer service in my life. I will never be back to this club.
4	Ok, the only reason I did not give this club 5 stars is because it was WAAAAYYY too packed, and only had one restroom.Luckily I paid 4 grand for a good table, the service was great, but people kept flooding into our area and there wasn't much regulation. So it got worse as the night went on.But the club has an amazing sound system and projection setup. I liked it a lot, I would pay even more money if they could someone how limit the amount of people in the club on a given night.If there was a fire in there, 85% of the people wouldn't make it out.
5	I've only been here once and it was pretty amazing. We bought presales and got in very easily around 12:00. We didn't have any issues buying drinks at the bar. The wait was pretty short. Redbull was $10, just FYI. Dress code if people are wondering: probably dress shoes and collared shirt as usual
3	If you like all that unz unz unz..you'll love this place...i blame jersey shore for all this unz unz....wut happened to good ole hip hop in clubs? I don't want to be too harsh with the rating but everyone else seemed to have a good time so this place get's 3 stars.  It was waay too crowded tho...we were SUPPOSE to get table service but there was some kind of miscomuunication so that made my time more miserable with a bunch of folks bumping into to me...very annoying, but that's wut u get when you don't get bottle service...we went all the up to vegas to party in a club like we would back home...LAME...it's like paying for HD channels but you still watch TV on the regular channels.Other than the music and the constant bumping into people..i think you etards would really like it that the line moves real good compared to other night clubs in vegas..just make sure you have more girls than guys.  but you can avoid all this by getting bottle services which should be a must if you go to vegas...if ur a girl...u don't have to worry about anything... if your a guy...don't come to vegas to look for a bargain..wtf u doin in vegas anyways...don't party like poor people...well that's my rant
4	Total fun. Funner than a competitor that rhymes with sakasan.  The line can be daunting.  Luckily I skipped all that with staff glist.  I paid. My girl didn't.  I didn't care I was prepared for that.i felt like: that ramp up on space mountain right before you drop. with all the lights and effects.  it was pretty cool.As soon as you walk in you feel the energy.  It's people PARTYING!!  not just standing around waiting for the hot DJ to perform.People are dancing and drinking and having a blast. I met alot of tourists from other states.  It was cool. The LED monitors were incredible. It really added to the experience.  The DJ was on point. I didn't catch his name.I really like the cirque de soleil flavor. Girls swinging from the ceiling.  Ribbon dancing.  Acrobatics.  it was awesome.  The one thing that keeps me from giving them a flawless score is the crowd.  It's a good crowd for the most part but one particular culture dominates the ethnic spectrum. (not white).  And it made it hard to mingle and meet people.  I like a diverse crowd with equal ratios.  Preferable more girls than guys.I would definitely return.  I had a lot of fun here.
5	One sentence review: Best nightclub in Vegas.Detailed review: Best nightclub in Vegas. Hands down. This place had me calling that *other* new nightclub in Vegas "Wakkasan." I went here with a group of friends.  The dudes purchased presale tickets via Light's website (which is the easiest way to get into the club without any drama). The girls were hot and knew a promoter so getting in free for them was easy (as it should be, because let's face it - this is Vegas). The moment you walk into the club, I swear, you feel like Alice going down the rabbit hole.  The place is a complete sensory overload: The entire back wall behind the DJ is a giant LED screen which can also be back-lit to show aerialists and acrobats doing super craze things in the background.  One second you're watching a fairy doing cartwheels and tumbles and next second the screens illuminate in sync with the beat drops, flashing a sick DJ's name (Ingrosso! A-Trak! Zedd!)  There's dozens of "atmosphere" performers who walk around the club in crazy costumes, posing for pictures with people and adding to the spectacle of it all. If you've ever been to an Insomniac rave, it's pretty much like that, except there aren't half naked teenagers and tutus and people trading bracelets with their eyes rolled back. This is a classy establishment but with all the lasers, lights, beats, strobes, confetti, and bubbles (yes! bubbles!) that you could ever ask for. Best part about the club is the trapeze artists that come out every 30 minutes or so. There's nothing quite like dancing with a group of your friends, music blaring, and watching a trapeze artist swing 10 feet above your head. Drink prices are your standard Vegas prices. Can't complain there. The layout is cool. Judging from some reviews I read, people complained about the dancefloor being too small. PLEASE. Unless you're comparing it to XS, there's no way you should be complaining about the dancefloor size. Another cool thing about this place is that though there's tons of security, they're not constantly shining flashlights in your face telling you to keep moving because you're too poor to afford bottle service and because you're too poor to afford table you shouldn't be afforded the right to relax in one place.  I also never had a problem going back and forth between the bar and the dancefloor to find my friends.  It was crowded, but not XS dancefloor crowded and definitely not Marquee crowded.  Light really hit the mark.  Cirque du Soleil x Nightclub collabo was definitely a huge success.  This will probably be the only club I'll ever hit up in Vegas.Pros +See above.Atmosphere, atmosphere, atmosphere!Pre-sale line is a breeze.Cons -Mandalay Bay, Y U SO FAR from everything?No hip hop room
3	Amazing and random performance ! i love how they have these random performances beneath the walls with obviously amazing LIGHT! Ironically speaking  walking through it was actually really dark, but once you walk in its quite nice! Def need a table to have fun, i think they set it up that people to have to buy tables because other wise its just dance floor or walk ways!
5	my favorite club and best club indeed.resident dj's are amazing and my top favorites. a must go to
5	Awesome night club. Huge interior and dance area. Lights are something seen at outdoor lazer shows, pretty cool. Plenty of intriguing and entertaining performers/dancers made the experience quite unique. It can get expensive, even for males on the "list"; $30 was standard entry. See if you can score a promoter hook-up while in town and get your group in at a better rate. Bottom line... a must if checking out the Las Vegas nightclub scene.
4	One word WOW. This club is truely amazing. It is not just a nightclub, it is an experience. It's like being in a dance club and watching a show all at once. The club is so spacious that you can take a break from dancing if you need and look over the whole place. If you want to be in the center of the action like we were be prepared to have your body vibrating throughout.
5	I HAD SO MUCH FUN!!!!!!!!!Loved Light where Diablo was spinning on Saturday night. There  was an extremely high level of energy from the crowd, the dance floor was packed, and the alcohol flowed all night. I was mesmerized by the visual effects. TVs and screens across the entire wall, TVs on the ceiling. Dancers and acrobats  in crazy costumes performed throughout the night. We were an all girls group and got in free with no problem going through a promoter.
3	I hate to be a downer, but I didn't find Light to be illuminating... Or maybe it was too illuminating.. I don't know.  Whatever the case, it didn't QUITE do it for me.Don't get me wrong, it was a gorgeous club.  Getting in was SUCH a headache, though. Very disorganized, the promoters and staff were extra douchy- and I live here, so I know they tend to be self-important, but this was a bit over the top. Once we were in, I felt anxious... I don't know if it was because the way it went from dark, to light, to flashing lights, that I was disoriented, or because the set up of the entryway made the crowd flow terribly claustrophobic, or what, but I felt like I was on drugs, and not in a good way. More like an "about to have a seizure" way.The DJ was actually quite good, and I enjoyed the acrobatic acts very much. Just a note, it is 90% EDM/house music, which does get to me after a couple of hours, so that was one other thing. A little more hip hop thrown in there would have done me a world of good. I may give it another try, because I feel like I *could* like Light, but I just didn't connect...The light wasn't plugged in for me just yet, and needed more (or less?) wattage.And with that, I end this review filled with horrible Light puns.
4	Here are some Mindy Roo Tips:(1) Buy tickets early - Plan the clubs ahead of time ... this way, especially for dudes, you'll pay 50% less at the door. For example... my boys bought tickets online to see Krewella 2 weeks in advance and it was $40. At the door on that day it was $80. (2) If you got tickets - go before 11pm. It doesn't matter if you got tickets... the bouncers/promotors are not gonna care if you got tickets or not ... there is "no real" "special" line after 11pm... you'll be waiting for almost 2 hours... Go before... you'll get in fine.(3) It's a-hit-or-miss with promotors ... some say they'll help you get in.. blah blah.. it works... but sometimes it doesn't happen. Just FYI... I'm not cool like other ppl who have there promotors on speed dial.(4) Drink-in-line... so if you're waiting in line ... bring a bottle with you and get drunk... once you're inside ... drinks are expensive.(5) Lines are close to the restroom. I have a bladder problem... good thing... restrooms are close!(6) Dance floor - lots of space! thank god! (7) Lots of TV screens - amazing lights when you're rolling balls.(8) Easy access to DJ stage... if you're drunk enough and have the balls to do this.. you can actually jump on stage and get a pic with the DJ... haha... I got a pic with krewella.. HAHA! Although security was trying to find me... good thing I'm short and I look like every other asian girl in the crowd.**OVERALL TIP: buy tickets in advance and get in line before 11pm and you'll have no trouble getting in.
5	Wow.. this club is amazing. It definitely blows the other clubs out of the water. Nothing can compare to the experience we had tonight. The lights!!! And the entertainment. It was sensory overload! (In a good way!)Dancers and Cirque Soleil was amazing. It was so pretty to see the dancers. Endless visual affects and things to look at. We definitely were not bored of the scenery. You'll see the entertainers outside of the club while you're waiting to get in, so by the time they're on stage, you definitely feel connected to the show. Everyone cheered when the fat sumo guy was sitting on the 2nd level with all the tables. Staff and security is nice and directed us where we needed to go.. Not the usual douche bags that are working the front that are on power trips. This club really wants you to have a good time and get in the door as soon as possible. Only complaint is that re-entry is not smooth.. Wish we didn't have to get back in line after we got stamped earlier in the night. To get back in, we had to get into the General Admission line. Other than that, this club still gets the full 5 star rating.
4	The start of the Vegas weekend was at Light on a Friday late night!  My girls and I got picked up in a limo from our hotel that we were staying at.  Fancy huh?!  Well, it was all thanks to our big hearted, sugar daddy!  Yep, I said it.  We were a group of 6+ girls and we had a sugar daddy with us!  The limo ride was just the start of what it seemed to be an endless, fun night.  We were listening to, "Make It Nasty," by Tyga and getting pumped up.When we arrived, however, we were super late and it was my first time having to pay for a $30 cover charge.  Eh, it was way past midnight by the time we got there so I guess that should suffice.  Entered.  Got drinks and eventually made our way to the ground, dance floor area.  This place is pretty spacious and has acrobats performing here and there throughout the night.KREWELLA WAS DJ-ING THAT NIGHT!  YES, I FELT "ALIVE!"  What a perfect song for the first night in Vegas!  Light set the bar and really paved the way for the expectation to my Vegas club experience for that weekend. I am seriously having Vegas withdrawals and can't get enough of Krewella's Alive song!
3	The last time I went to this club, it was called Rum Jungle. lol This club is fairly new (opened a few months ago). Now it's all vamped up.  There are three levels and it kind of looks like a stadium. It appears that Cirque Du Soleil is affiliated with this club so they have women wearing lights dancing on poles and in the air. After a certain period of time, they have individual performers in the air doing acrobatics. It basically garners  the attention from everyone. It is nice to see a free show, but I think it's their B or C squad that doing all this work because it wasn't as amazing as you would see in a real Cirque show. The music is Electronic Dance Music (EDM). If you're not really a fan of that type of music, you won't enjoy it as much. I'm more used to hip hop and music I can dance to. I was very surprised to here music from Red Hot Chili Peppers and other artists you would never hear in a club.  With most of the clubs I've been to, there is an energy that is constant. People don't stop dancing. They seem like they are in a trance. With the music here however, it seemed like they like audience participation. People stopped to sing along, people stopped to watch the performers, people stopped when there was no beat to dance to. EDM is not my personal favorite, but I think those who enjoy it will like this club.
5	Ok, I only had a short amount of time here, but I was there long enough to know that I will be here next month, hopefully.I was disappointed when I saw that Rum Jungle was gone, but Mandalay Bay has more than made up for its closure and has brought in a younger clientele to a resort that is beautiful and has outstanding restaurants but not really any nightlife or excitement.  I mean, those sharks are probably dead by now, no?  I expect a certain amount of bullshit in actually getting in to clubs so I let that slide unless the doormen are really being out of line.  As long as I'm in a group of hot women and one of them has excellent lash-batting skills, I expect to get it in, and I was.The place is huge, has great sound, and has the Cirque entertainment.  Even if you're not into the electronic music, there's great eye candy and people watching if you can stand it.  As long as there's a good DJ a la Nocturnal Wonderland or EDC, personally, I am good.Of course, it's crowded so don't go if you are going to have a panic attack  from being in a crowd.  You'll be touched AND you'll be brushed by sweaty bodies intent on getting from one place in the club to another.The VIP areas are nice, close to the DJs but don't expect your space to be your own.  They'll let people like me in to ogle in disbelief at how much you just spent on a bottle of Belvedere and a couch. Other than that, it's good times in an enormously gorgeous space.
3	There was such a hype for this place, but it was just ok...The lines get really crazy here-we lined up around 9:45pm and didn't wait too long to get in.  We were with guys so we went into the general line (they paid $30 via a promoter's list) but then us girls ended up going back outside to go into the girls line to get 2 free drink tickets (you can get vodka mixed with anything except for red bull, fyi).  So if you're in a mixed group, girls go into your own line!!What else-this place has good music and the acrobatics, but it's a bit small.  It's a few stories but the upstairs doesn't have much room except to order drinks and be a creeper looking downwards.  Downstairs is a small dance floor with too many people.  'Eh...I'd rather go to marquee.
5	Update: Went again on Saturday, 8/10. Looks like Light isn't a secret anymore. It was twice as crowded as I remember it being the first time I went.  Both times were for A-Trak too so I don't think it was because of the draw of the DJ.  I think everyone is realizing it's the best club in Vegas and telling all their friends.  With that said, pre-sale people, don't get there any later than 11:00PM.  If you're there before 11:00PM, you're likely to walk right in with minimal waiting.  If you come after 11:00PM, be prepared to wait for 30 minutes or longer. also, if you get in early, you'll have more space on the dancefloor to do what you do and more space at the bar to get your drinks quickly.
4	This club is SICK! The lights. The Circus Performers. The DJs. The Costumes. The Layout. It does not get ANY BETTER THAN THIS! Sickest club I've been to and let's just say I go out a lot. I do want to give the club major props for having a dedicated dance space that is larger than most NYC flats.As on par with any club/nightlife experience in Vegas, you'll be shelling out the big bucks. Again, I urge you to check FB/Twitter to find a promoter to guestlist you. If you are confirmed for guestlist. Get there early I mean EARLY, 9:30 PM early. This is the new kid in town.This club really needs to work on it's organization. Guest lists are everywhere. Same thing as Daylight, there are Light employee check-in and promoter check-in. I am sure once Light gets it's footing it will be super illuminating.
5	I live in Vegas and Light is my new favorite nightclub.  The layout is perfect if you want to dance or just stand and watch the show while sipping on your drink. You're not just paying to watch the dj. You're paying for the light visuals, the fascinating performers, the acrobatics. First timers need to hit up my promoter James Eng. He'll shoot you a text with his info and all you have to do is show the person at the guest line. He told me exactly where to go and what to do.
3	So I popped my clubbing cherry here so I figure I give it a review. I haven't been to other club places so I thought this place to be okay. Not to mention that we end up not having to wait in line and getting in for free(still really not sure how it all worked out that way but wooo meaning buy a drink when we're in there haha). It was a pretty small place where you walk in.  There is a bar one once you walked in and there are stairs that bridges between the bar and the dance floor. There were beautiful lighting everywhere and the one dj playing on the top of the dance floor. I find it pretty cool that there were like circus? dancers(they're not really circus but idk how else to describe it) and they were everywhere just trying to entertain us. Those circus dancers would most resemble like Lady Gaga or something. When we got in around 1040ish, it was okay but as the night went on, it just gets super cramp that I feel like I could have been trampled down. We also end up getting drinks(because you must be crazy to be at a club sober) so I needed some buzz(as my buzz was going down for the pre-game) and I bought a patron shot which was $15. Yea I kinda wanted to cry a bit but it's all good. It was an okay experience.
5	Holy fuck. This was by far the most impressive nightclub I have ever been to. They put a LOT of money into the house lights. It's a huge, multilevel club with a control center on the top floor, where a group of 8 or so really intense lighting technicians overlook the entire operation; like they were the gods of light, outfitted in microphone-headsets. At some point in the night, I looked up through the fog and lasers to see dollar bills raining from the sky. Life, complete.
5	Wow, Light is my new favorite club in Vegas!!! Sorry XS... you're still awesome but nothing can beat this.Light just opened four months ago and is located within Mandalay Bay (which is that farrrr side of the strip opposite of Encore in case you were wondering).My group of ladies came here on a Friday night and were escorted in by our promoter friend for free who also set us up with drinks at a table (thank you Zach!). Once inside it took me a few minutes to just take in the scene around me. The interior's open space is GIGANTIC and multilayered. Although there isn't a huge area for dancing, I never once felt claustrophobic in the crowd. The DJ was great at keeping the masses energized. The music took more of the techno/electronic/house route (or as I like to call it the drugged-out "mindtrance" route) but it made me want to dance till the sun came up so it was a total success.So forget the interior and the millions of dollars probably put into building the light effects for this space, the reason why I love Light so much is because of the live entertainment. Pole dancers as far as the eye can see, trapeze artists, aerialists dangling inches above the main floor, men dancing perpendicularly onto the wall, Cirque du Soleil performers decked out in full costumed attire seductively crossing the stage as if in a show... it was the most amazing, visual stimulating experience I have ever had while in a club. My only with this club is that they do not allow anyone else other than the performers to play on the poles. Oh well, I still LOVED every other aspect of Light and there was never a dull moment.I think y'all got that I loved this club. I'm done now. Go and experience Light for yourself!
5	Hands down, BEST NIGHTCLUB in Vegas. All the other ones get 3-4 stars, but this club gets ALLLLL 5!. All the other nightclubs are aboouuttt the same in my opinion. They all look classy, few bars, few lights, one small stage for the DJ and dancing... etc you see my point.THIS CLUB, on the other hand, has these cirque du soleil characters greeting you in FRONT of the nightclub hyping up your time there. Once you walk in you see an entire WALL of lights dancing to the music. On top of that they have these lasers that make it look even more crazy! And ON TOP OF THAT.. there's cirque du soleil characters doing some acrobatic stunts while you're dancing the night away! Man this place is offfff the hoooookkkk! Loved it and will come back again and again every single time I visit my friend, Vegas.
4	Got here late on a Saturday and we did buy pre-sale tix but the line at 12 midniggt was long.  So we gave the man with the clipboard a Benjamin and we walked right in no waiting so you can either wait an hour in line or pay a little extra grease to walk right in.
4	Even you got prepay with your girl or your guys get there hell a early or wait an hour. I gave a secret handshake to the doorman and shaved an hour off the entry.
3	It's one of the brand new clubs in Vegas...of course i have to try it out. We had a table with a $1500 minimum. Girls had to line up separately. They had a great entrance with gorgeous actors/actress standing around in awesome costumes, taking photos. The walk in and up the stairs took awhile tho. Our table ended up on the top floor and almost burried to the corner so we asked for a better table with a view. That amped up our 3bottles minimum to 4bottles. It really felt like a prison. The girls decided to roam around and was told we are not allow into other sections besides our own. So the whole night we just sat there or walked back-n-forth to the EXTRA dark lit bathroom. Dj wasn't so great...even on a Saturday night. Our bill came was about $3200. I think XS and even Tao is better...not worth the hype!
4	The place is really nice. But if you wanna have room to dance and party, you gotta get a table. There isn't very much dance floor space. Just table after table after table. Music is awesome. With gymnasts doing tricks behind a silk screen. One whole wall is full of lights, which adds crazy visuals. Unfortunately some drinks cost up to $18 (long island).Overall, it's Vegas. You're here to spend money, right? This place is definitely a hot spot, and people wait over 2 hours to get in--even with a $100 cover.
5	I believe this is the best club in Vegas right now. Set up is football-stadium-style, with the dj at the bottom so one can pretty much see the performer wherever you are. The bars surround the balcony, packed but it was a big weekend so that's nothing new.LED wall was great. Really wide and innovative wall with cool light patterns. It also turns transparent then all of a sudden you see dancers behind them haha. And since it's a cirque de soleil production, there were dancers everywhere. Left, right, front,back, ceiling!And of course, a solid lineup of dj's. Don't come though coz it'll make the lines really long
5	I was ready to retire from Vegas, but then I saw the Light. and now I've just been itching to go back. We came here the second or third weekend it opened when Krewella was playing. The guest list line was crazy stupid long. like literally the longest line ever. and yet we stood in it. Of the 8 times that I've been to Vegas, I've never had to stand in line, so I found this quite amusing. Those not on the guest list got in sooner than those on the guest list. Made no sense to me. and yet I wouldn't mind standing in line again for Light. Soo worth it to the point that while I think girls should never pay, I wouldn't mind paying if I really had to. Can't say that about any other clubs. but yeah my favorites:- Super fun energetic beautiful atmosphere- Perfectly breathable- Great music (EDM)- Air felt clean and not muggy like other clubs- Comfortably crowded- Nicely leveled (kind of like Jay Z's club in NY)- The lights!!!!!I rarely look forward to Vegas since I feel I've been there way too many times since I've turned 21, but now I can't wait to go back. I think that shows just how amazing Light is.
2	Luckily my husband and I were able to sneak into this club as it was soooo not worth the $100 cover over Labor Day weekend. This place is too crowded and I agree that there is only room on the 2nd & 3rd floor to walk but you cannot do anything else but stare at the stage..no room to dance, too loud to talk..and too many people to even see the stage. While I enjoyed the music and the show I just could not deal with the club lay out,  The overall set up of the club was just not fun and I was happy I did not pay to get in and I would much rather go to XS(outdoor area) or ghostbar (with a view) I will most likely not return to Light.
4	What struck me most upon entering: a bedazzled woman with black feathers in her white bobbed hair miming that she liked my purse, a Candy Land inspired Strawberry shortcake gal  who silently took our camera to take a picture of us with her, a legitimately large real life Samurai man, among many, many more characters. Sebastian Ingrosso played, and while techno generally  isn't my thing, I was visually stimulated by the amazing show behind translucent glass going on behind him- these people masquerading as characters and animals contorted and worked what they had across the screens, stopping occasionally to simultaneously engage in synchronized movements- I'd never seen anything quite like it.Venue: Lower level is nearest the stage/DJ, middle level is all VIP, and top level is where the drinks are made and purchased. Standing at the bottom you can clearly see all levels.Only complaint: I went Labor Day weekend and we were rushed through the guest list line and weren't given the free drink passes we were promised, and weren't allowed to go back to get them without risking not getting back in. First World Problems, right?
2	Didn't live up to the hype. Came to see Nicky Romero Labor Day Weekend, got there @ 10 pm sharp since billboards said 11 pm -4 am. Waited in line for an hour before they even let us in. I was the 4th person in the club, and waited until 2 a.m. and still, no Nicky...They should have listed when he was playing because it was misleading! I asked everyone around me (at least 8 other people) and no one knew when he was coming on, either. Oh yeah, and $21 for a vodka redbull...I will be going back to XS next time I want to see a big DJ.
4	Came here after finishing 2 bottles of Belvedere at Hakkasan because we wanted to see Nicky Romero this past LDW.. so by the time we got here we were feeling pretty good! He was doing an afterhours set so we got in line at about 2:45ish. Thanks to my host, Tiffany Tay, who put us on her guest list, we were able to get in at no cost.. The line moved quickly and when it was our turn the bouncers nicely asked us to finish eating our drunkchies LOL.. I showed them my confirmation text from my host and in in in we went! I don't remember much but I do know I liked what I saw.. The dance floor was packed as Nicky Romero was spinning so I didn't dare try to get into that so we just enjoyed afar from the bar.. I really liked all of the lights and the Cirque performers! Definitely will come back again when I'm less intoxicated to write an update :]]] HOT TIP: park in the self parking garage!!! It is RIGHT by the entrance so you don't have to walk far! I believe Light used to be Rum Jungle.. right???
5	"Turn up the lights in here, babyExtra bright, I want y'all to see thisTurn up the lights in here, babyYou know what I needWant you to see everythingWant you to see all of the lights"I know this song is a little old, but I hope you get the picture.  I heard good things from my Vegas promoter friends at Galavantier, but not so good things from a personal friend, so I said WTH!!!  I am always game to check out a new club in Vegas!!!Light is located towards the rear of the Mandalay Bay Hotel.  I believe there used to be another club here, but I forget the name because I rarely venture away from the strip (Mandalay is pretty far south for me!).  We bypassed GP (general population) via Galavantier (please see my review).  It was well worth the extra $.  We heard peeps wait 3 hours to get in this club.  FTS!!! (F*ck That $hit!!!).Krewella was playing the Fri night we went, and the standard Cirque du Soleil show was entertaining.  However, not as entertaining as the talent!!!  There were many fine looking ladies that my friend and I would have loved to meet given the opportunity.  We had nearly given up when we met a pair of Azn ladies at the bar.  I don't usually talk to Azn ladies much (primarily because they rarely talk to me, and I had a bad experience recently w/ two Azn ladies:  They were the wrong kinda F's:  Fliar [F*cking Liar] & a Flake [Fulla Lame A$$ Kine Excuses]).  But these Azn ladies were the right kinda F's:   Fwhiiiiine, Friendly & Fun!!!  The one I liked had a shoulder piece tattoo and I complimented her on her artwork.  She asked me if I had any work, so I showed her a pic of my shoulder piece, half sleeve and chest plate.  She liked my work so much that she asked me to open up my buttons to see.  I am not usually an exhibitionist, but we weren't getting any love so I threw caution to the wind and said OK!!!  At this point in time I was waiting for her to tell me she was a pro, and she cost $$$ much, but it never happened.  Turns out these women were the good kind of pros:  "Professionals" just like us, who love to party and to top it off they were from LA!!!We spent the rest of the evening with these ladies because they were not ratchets (we bought each other drinks at their insistence), and they could carry on intelligent conversations.  Afterwards, we grabbed an early morning breakfast.  Lastly, we also agreed to meet up in LA soon.  I guess I should stop being so judgmental of Azn ladies.  These hawt Azn ladies helped me see the "Light"! - LMAO!!!
5	Really cool spot for shows. Love the whole wall lined with screens for awesome light shows. Really cool dancers that are sometimes funky and not just the normal go-go types. Depends on the night but can get some cool trapeze type performances too. Pretty good space size and good views for the performances. Like any Vegas club it does get packed but that's expected.
4	When I think about the Light nightclub I think about CLARITY by Zedd. Had the most amazing time with my group of friends all THREE times I went here. It is SUPER packed all the time, but the venue is just how I like it. It's just a huge open space, unlike hakkasan. I hate clubs that are designed like dungeons with multiple hallways to get to different rooms. I like the one large room kind where you can see EVERYONE if you go to the top floor. The dance floor is relatively big and the strippers that dangle off the ceiling do cool shows as the night rolls through. It's super spacious in terms of how it's designed but in terms of capacity that may not be the case. We got bottle service the first time around, it was about $3000 which is no surprise in Vegas, but honestly getting bottle service was SO worth it. The only thing that irritated me was all the chicks that came towards our table to talk to my guy friends so they could mooch off our drinks and sit with us. Freakin' ugly bitches too. I was so irritated, but other than that getting a table is SO worth it. The tables are right by the dance floor and there's so much energy!! Dance floor is always poppin, but once you leave your spot, your spots gone forevers.. The lights at the club is super trippy and goes well with EDM music. From all the clubs I went to in Vegas, I like Light the most. Yeah, XS, marquee may be fancier in terms of the overall club, but i like the crowd at the light better. They're more young and less creepy.
5	My favorite club in Las Vegas! It's such a beautiful venue and very visually stimulating (hence the name light) I love how the club is laid out. I enjoy venues that are more open spaced and not full of stairs and strange walk ways like hakkasan & marquee.  My boyfriend and I were previously at Hakkasan with a table but left because the venue and crowd was horrible. My friend Greg, who is a promoter at Light was able to get us in with no wait, and in to VIP.  I had an amazing time.  The music was great and the performances that the club put on put a cherry on top to the night. Plus everyone at the club was beautiful.  It's always a bonus if the people that are partying around you is a good looking crowd.  I can say I had one of the best experiences at Light from any other club in Las Vegas.  It's worth checking out and even if you don't have a table, wherever you stand you get a view of the amazing LED wall & performers.
3	The Light is the hottest new venue in Vegas. No longer is the XS, Maruqee, Tao, Hakkasan combo the only quality clubbing option for 20-somethings. With a very magical wonderland rave feel, it transports you into an entirely different world, but the overall lack of decoration makes you realize you're still in Vegas and it's nothing too special.$50 presale for guys. I'd pay this again for XS, maybe Tao, but most likely not here. If you get in line early (9:30-10:30ish), you can get in fairly quickly. We waited only 10 min and were inside as soon as everything started. You will be greeted by a lady in a sexy hawk-like outfit, or whatever they were trying to go for. They lead you to the top floor, so it can get really crowded. Only then did we realize there's a ground floor where we could easily start on drinks without waiting.Drinks are standard quality and price. Bartenders aren't the nicest and it's way too loud to be able to hear them.Speaking of loud, who the hell is Steve Powers? Clubs change DJs all the time so I hate to judge from one experience, but they're still accountable for who they book and what kind of music they play. Steve Powers is a disgrace to EDM. He played maybe one or two well-known vocal tracks, but the rest of the night was just your average mundane beat. No words, no drops, no variety. By midnight, it got REALLY old, and everyone in my group felt like leaving. His website states "Working his way up the ranks in the United States club circuit, Steve Powers has become one of the nations most in demand DJ's and dance music personas." I really hope this isn't true because EDM will forever go to shit if this happens. The venue can easily get packed by 11pm, especially the tiny dance floor. There's an unnecessarily excessive amount of space for table service which really constricts the dance area. The acrobats hanging off the ceiling and various mystical creatures dancing on stage and behind the glass were a great addition that got the whole crowd pumped. Really felt like Beyond Wonderland. Aside from that, everything is just plain black with no decoration. Crowd is typical for the Vegas clubbing scene. Early to mid 20s, respectful, and upscale. Ladies love the bubble chair by the bar, so don't be surprised to wake up to your Instagram feed flooded with photos of your friends on it. Overall, it's a decent club if a good DJ is playing that night. If not, I suggest you try to get into one of the other four.
1	OK. Maybe I went on a no-name DJ day and maybe I didn't get bottle service for this club, but MAN the layout is horrible.Buy Pre-Sales (guys). Line was short and had no trouble getting in. First off, the layout of the club is super sick! I love walking in to the LED lights. The big LED screens near the DJ is stunning. The performers are amazing. BUT why is it bad?You need bottles. It's not like XS/Marquee where you can just have fun without bottles. This place is strictly bottle friendly. The dance floor can be super packed. There are two bars which aren't that bad to get drinks. What turned me off was that we couldn't go upstairs. The bouncer said it was strictly for people with bottles only. So my friend and I just said we had it and got up there. Yes, there was a lot of space, but no way you can just socialize out of nowhere. I hated the layout and it was just not fun. Maybe I'll come back and get bottles. Maybe my review will be different. But for now, I hated it.
5	As much as I love hanging out with my guy friends in Vegas, they always pose a challenge to entering nightclubs without (1) having to wait in crazy long lines, and (2) breaking the bank just to pay for cover.Enter the amazingness that is Light Nightclub. Unheard of in Vegas on a weekend in July for 15 girls and 23 guys to enter a new, trendy club without having to shell out a penny! What a pleasant surprise when we thought the remaining guys after the 1:1 girls-guys ratio would have to pay $20 cover each, which was totally reasonable ... But we'll take free-ninety! Best part... we waited all of 10 minutes to get in, and even had the time to take a picture with the Bubble Chick at the club entrance. Drinks are at midrange club prices - $16 for an LC.The venue itself is beautiful, though small. Golden-hued with 4 small floors, and acrobats suspended from the ceiling, doing their thang. No big deal if they fall, they're only about 8 stories above the main dance floor O_o Not sure what some of the Cirque characters were doing half the time, but they made for a unique and eccentric nightclub experience. The only thing that would have made the night even more perfect would have been hearing Don Diablo drop "Starlight", but that was our fault for leaving early. Next time!
4	If you don't like EDM, stop reading here.My buddy and his girlfriend invited me to light, (they bought me a presale ticket, so I would have been a jerk if backed out).We went on a Sunday night during labor day weekend.  The headliner was Nicky Romero (who failed to show up at 1 OAK the night before).  The layout of the club is pretty nice, a dance floor area with the DJ at the center, tables one level up surrounding the dance area, and then several levels for "mezzanine" viewing.  There are two or three bars so you don't have to wait forever to get a drink and whoever's managing headcount in the club does a pretty good job of making sure its not packed nut to butt.The highlight of this place, obviously, is the lighting.  I couldn't count the number of lights and led displays they had on the ceiling and walls, it was nuts.
4	Compared to the hype and bluster of Hakkasan's impending arrival, I had only heard whispers about this Light.  At first I'm like...there's NO way that this place can be better than Hakkasan.  This is despite what my friends that live in Las Vegas actually told me.  But I guess one has to see the truth before they believe it.  Seriously, I cannot wait for the next time I come back here.Now I can't really tell if this is regular or not, but I literally showed up with my crew at 1:15 AM on a Sunday night (it's not easy getting up when you've been to four clubs in the last two days)...and there was no line.  Like, what?  Really?  I had tickets so I was always going to get in, but I've literally never walked into a Vegas club without even trying.  Not that I'm complaining obviously, but I think I just screwed up my expectations for the line now! Anywho, I love how Light's layout is just one big room.  No crazy hallways, no little corridors.  It's easy to move around, the bar is fairly accessible, bathrooms are right there.  If you want to get down to the dance floor, it's fairly large.  If you have a table, you have a great view too.Once you walk up the stairs that surround you with LED, you see the truth... and it's AMAZING.  I like Marquee's light wall, but the things that Light can do with it's rectangular wall of heaven...I've never seen it ever.  Because they partnered with Cirque du Soleil to create this club, the dancers/performers here are simply on another level.  Don't even get me started when the start doing that crazy Matrix laser thing in the air.  Let's just say that it has be experienced to fully understand.If you don't like EDM, don't bother coming here because that's all they play here.  But the lineup of DJs is sick...Sebastian Ingrosso, Nicky Romero, Alesso, Dyro, A-Trak for starters.  Nicky Romero just killed it that night I went there...one of the best shows I've ever seen.All I know is that when you leave the club at 6:45 AM, it was a good night.
2	here is the deal...this place is awesome. we went for the iheartradio official after party. it was closed to the public - they had open bar until 1am.I like the layout of this place a lot. It was easy to move around from place to place. The DJ was good if youre into EDM (I'm not but if you were you would love it.) They had some DJ even I have heard of. cirque du soleil dancers were amazing and the whole place is just really rad. ANYWAY, point of this is they LIED to us. Straight up lied. I am not pleased. Its not hard to get girls to go to a nightclub for free in Vegas. So WHY LIE? We were staying at Mandalay Bay anyway, so this was convenient. We talked to the promoter outside of Light Saturday afternoon and he told us the details. Told us that JUSTIN TIMBERLAKE was hosting this official iheartradio after party.Well, let me tell you JUSTIN TIMBERLAKE DID NOT SHOW UP. So, had they said rumor has it Justin Timberlake is going to be there FINE. I would have still gone. We would have still gone had nobody said anything about anyone famous. Listen, my friend has HOSTED at nightclubs before. This means he has to address the crowd to get paid. Justin Timberlake in no way hosted this event. Straight up lies. We stayed much later than I would have normally if I was not waiting for Justin Timberlake to magically appear. I had not given up hope yet. I spoke to many employees while inside and asked about it. Some people had no idea what I was talking about. For others, they told me it was a rumor. WELL ITS A LITTLE LATE NOW. I was told he was HOSTING. Where the eff is the host?!? I am still pissed about it. Lying gets you nowhere.***Note: I am not your normal girl when it comes to anything nsync related. HUGE fan. you could have said anybody else was hosting and it wouldn't have mattered as much as saying JT was hosting. You lied to the wrong girl.
5	The Light is my new favorite club by far.  There is so much to like about this club.  The resident DJs are fresh DJs with unique styles.  It is literally an edm concert every night.  The Cirque du Soleil performers add a nice theatrical aspect to the club which adds a whole new dimension to the club scene.  And of course the lights at the Light are amazing.  The LED screens, lasers, and stage are all eye candy that complement the music perfectly.  If you love edm like me then you will be in edm heaven.  This club was made for you.Location: Mandalay Bay, duh.  Park in the structure and walk right in.  The entrance to the club is right next to the parking lot.  1 point over Hakkasan, where you have to walk through the entire casino to get to the entrance.  Light was made for girls in 5 inch heels like me :DGetting in (girls):  Girls will have no problem getting in unless you can't get there before guestlist closes.  With the ladies guestlist, you get FREE entry to the club and 2 drink tickets if you add your email to their roster.  The drink tickets are for SKYY vodka only.  Ladies if you need contact info PM me.  I don't want to put any phone numbers on yelp lol. Getting in (guys): Guys should buy tickets, unless there is the rare nobody DJ and you might get in for free with even ratio.  But like I said, rare event of guys getting in free on guestlist.  Table service is worth it for guys if you are willing to spend money because you get an awesome view of the DJ especially if you are on the first floor.  Again guys if you want get table service I can give you a contact if you PM me.Layout: Simple, everything is revolved around the stage and it is a rectangle.  There is crappy service in the club so have a simple meeting spot, but you usually don't get too lost in this club.  2 stories with 3 bars, and a slightly lowered dance floor.  The tables are centered around the stage and the dance floor.  I really like that everyone can see the DJ even if you don't have a table, another point over Hakkasan.  There is even areas on the side of the main floor where you can just stand, drink and watch the DJ.  Light lets everyone enjoy the DJ, not just ballers.Music: Awesome, what can I say... I have seen Sebastian Ingrosso, Zedd, Krewella, Nicky Romero, Skrillex, Thomas Gold, A-trak, Hook N Sling, Otto Knows, and Alesso here.  UHHHMAZING.Dancers/Theatrics: The Cirque performers are so cute.  They are outside greeting the clubgoers as they enter and they perform inside with such personality.  Love them. I honestly cannot rave enough about this club.  I am usually there on either Friday or Saturday so let me know if you want to come out and see the LIGHT!  :D  I need to remember to check-in here.  I have definitely been here over 10 times already.*Locals free for Blowout Wednesdays, which is the Light's industry night.  This is the Wednesday night party that will be replacing Eclipse, the night pool party at Daylight.  Open bar for locals and ladies until midnight!  Drank...**PM me for contact info if you are visiting.  I am always here to help you out.  I am honestly there a lot, check my profile pic haha.
4	I have not hit the club seen for quite a while but for the past two weekends I've had friends in town that wanted to go to light. So of course I came along. I must say the music was great both nights, the staff including the door guys were very friendly (Which seems to be so uncommon these days). Cover charge was $50 for guys but reasonable, much better than the $150 Hakkasan feels is reasonable. The line moves pretty fast once they open up and they let all lines in pretty evenly. Not like the normal line is stuck there for hours just watching everyone else walk in. I will definitely check this place out again soon!!
1	So we checked out light from our friend Vince at nytehypes suggestion last weekend to find that taking a dump one too many times translates to "your a drug dealer". Security in the bano pulled me aside to the back room courtesy of too roided goons and searched me and some drunk asian guy stating that they knew I had drugs on me. Long story short, they escorted me out and wouldn't even let me wait for my girl in the cab line. Other than that, the club looks nice but it's kinda far and pulls a ghettofab crowd. May return, but will remember to pack the Imodium! :)Cheers
4	Love it. Its actually spacey, roomie, not too crowded... There's actually space to walk dance around & turn up!!!! My friends and I originally wanted to go to Hakkasan but my Vegas connect suggested we go to LIGHT cz the people he sent to Hakkasan gave him bad reviews bout it so he took care of my friends and I and sent us to LIght. We ha a great time. Not too much into the edm music playing all night long tho. But I love this place, 2nd to Marquee :)
1	Great music, the ambiance was sexy, mysterious and energetic.  I was having a great time until I left my private area and proceeded to go to the restroom.  I asked security where the mens rooms were located.  The gentlemen asked me for my ID and requested I follow him.  We exited the club to the casino level where he informed me that I was being asked to leave because it was brought to their attention that I was seeking the purchase  of drugs from the waitress...a COMPLETE UTTER LIE and FABRICATION.  I thought he was joking unit a few other security guards approached.  I asked if I could go back and get my husband but was denied.  I spent 20 minuets attempting to call him in a very loud club at 3:00 AM.  Eventually my husband answered his phone and found me.This was a very humiliating, embarrassing experience.  I support their zero drug policy, however make sure you GET IT RIGHT!
5	Fun! Myself and three girlfriends went to Light on a Wednesday night. A promoter put us on the guest list so we were in free with 3 free drinks. We came at 1045 and we were told it opened at 10. 1045 was a bit early, apparently they decided to open at 1030. Definitely go later, it does fill up.  The crowd was young and we were told it was always like that.
4	This club is pretty interesting. The lighting on the walls and the cirque de soleil people make this club so interesting to look at. The lines are also pretty organized. One thing that I dislike about this club is that there's only one restroom. The girls bathroom's line gets so damn long, so annoying. Anyway, we got a table last night and the service was great however the girls who made my drink was horrible. She made my drink extra strong, it tasted like shit. People who get a table would get a stamp on their wrist so whenever we leave, we gotta show the stamp on our wrist to go back to our table which is convenient because that area is only secluded to people with the stamps which makes it less crowded. So in conclusion, if you want a pleasant experience try to get a table.
5	Love it!!!! If you are a big fan of cirque du soleil!!!!!! Get your camera ready for the show!
3	MEH! Such a mediocre club. I had a good time here just because all of my friends were there also and had a table/bottle service. Skrillex was spinning and is actually much better in person. He has songs that sound different and not all that same 'typical skrillex' sound like I thought it was gonna be. It's really overrated though. It just looks like a big amphitheater with not much in the way of decor. Even very old clubs like Tao have more to look at. I would much rather go to Marquee.
5	Hands down my favorite club in Vegas.  This club is not as big as most Vegas clubs, which gives it a little bit of a more intimate feel (for a club).  If you can get a table on the dance floor--Do!  The club makes its performers a focus--and they are fabulous!!  Floating pools with magnificent dancers, brilliant costumes this club aims at entertaining.  Every time I've been to Vegas since this club opened, I've made it a point to go and have never been disappointed.
4	NEWEST CLUB IN VEGAS!! i really like the set up! & as a girl, it was easy to get in w/ a promoter (2 free drink tickets for girls & free admission!)AWESOME opening dj but I didn't catch his name & the headliner Zedd didn't come out too late which helps!!NOTE: the bass is a bit TOO pumped .. im pretty sure i lost a lot of ear cells!
5	Best nightclub I've been too! +2space!!!! Not like WALKASAN (shoulder to shoulder+2sound!! The bass hits hard. Sets me in the mood to party hard!+1- DJ's!!!I loved the club so much I went here two weeks in a row lol. First time was not enoughEven though girl line is terrible, it goes by quick. 5-10 minute wait max! But I'm not even mad because the place is awesome :)
5	Went to Light twice now. It's one of the newer clubs at Mandalay Bay. Honestly, I didn't have high hopes for this place. But both times, Light pulled through and I had a great time.First time I went was with my boyfriend's family/cousins/friends. We had a table but the prices were sort of out of our range because it was a really busy weekend. Understandable because when I went inside, it was neck to neck, ongoing battle to get to the bar and the bathroom. NOnetheless, the  music was good. Vibe was great. Had free drink tickets. The setup was kind of like a LA night club. It was powered by cirque du soleil so had cool dancers on the stage and coming from the ceiling. Very nice visuals. Second time, I got a table for $1000 (2 bottles, ex tip/tax). My promoter TOMMY pulled through and made sure my whole group got in okay. He kept texting me making sure everything was going according to plan. And even after I got to my table, he made sure I was happy with it.... AND ANOTHER TIME past midnight to make sure everyting was still up to par. WHICH IT WAS! I was so thankful Tommy gave us a great table. The customer service was impeccable, unlike compared to other high-end clubs that I usually go to and was very disappoitned with. The servers there were extremely friendly and even tho at the busiest time of the night, they still had a smile on and were very swift with their services. I had such a great time with  my family. It was my baby cousins 21st birthday and I wanted to make sure he was having a blast. He was so thankful the LIGHT pulled through. Amazing crowd. Great music. Awesome performers. And great customer service from my promoter to the workers at the club. Such a great night thank you thank you thank  you. As long as my baby cousin had the time of his life... thats all that mattered to me. Will definitely be hitting up Light when I go to Vegas again. AGAIN... thanks TOMMY! Thanks LIGHT! Thanks Mandalay Bay!
5	Love this place music was good, the entertainment was amazing . We got free entrance and drinks what more can u ask for..will definitely come back.
4	My girlfriends and I left Hakkasan around midnight, stopped off to get food, and arrived at The Light at 1:30am this past Saturday night. We were walked in by a very friendly promoter and were able to bypass the line without cover. (We were even approached by a different promoter with the same offer while we were waiting for our promoter to come out. Talk about friendly!) Definitely amped up my excitement for Andy Caldwell.First impression? The massive screens across the main wall were amazing. The club itself is pretty simple and basic in decor but the imagery on the walls makes up for the lack of an obvious theme. Layout of the club is alright: rectangular and easy to manage. There's an upstairs area that is roped off for the safety of their Cirque performers that come out, but the bouncers are more than happy to let you through to use the ladies' room. There is a second bouncer upstairs so if you plan on lingering, you can count on someone who will politely ask that you go back downstairs. On a side note, cell phone reception sucks here so it's best to plan a spot to meet if your group gets separated.The dance floor isn't very big but it seemed more spacious than the sardine can we had come from. It was definitely a crowded evening but not over-crowded. The DJ booth is high so you can see the DJ (and the cirque dancers) even if you're a five footer like I am. I felt comfortable dancing here and not worrying about getting elbowed in the face or getting cigarette ash on me - I'm not sure if there was a separate smoking area or if people just had more courtesy here. The sound system really bumps in this area, be prepared to get hit with more bass than you do at other clubs. I felt wiped out dealing with everything at MGM (review to come later) but the vibe here was a lot friendlier and upbeat than the vibe at Hakkasan. I felt like people were happy to party here and weren't afraid to clap their hands and show it. Friendly staff and friendly patrons made the whole experience enjoyable even for someone who was ready to call it a night much earlier.I don't drink and I didn't try to get water here so I have no comments about the bar area and their system.Major plus side of this club? The parking lot and taxi stand are right outside! After long hours on my feet, this is pretty much the best discovery at 3 in the morning (second to oyster bar being open 24/7). I definitely want to come back again after I've made my rounds back through XS, Marquee, and Surrender.TL;DR:Friendly promoters and bouncers.Easy access to the clean, no-line ladies room. No table? Set up a meet spot in case you lose someone - no reception.Nice lighting, good sound, decent dance floor.Taxi stand outside the door, not across the casino.Bacon is good.
5	This place rocks! I came here on a Saturday night and it was the best time I've had in Vegas. The music,people,lights and dancers were amazing. I kept dancing all night till they closed. We showed up around midnight line was super long but our awesome promoter got us in within seconds. Can't wait to come back.
5	My Experience was Amazing VIP Free Enterance for Girls/Guys also open bar for both till Midnight. The Music was great DJ was on point. The show was good it really got the crowd going. I will definitely be going back. The only negative thing would be the girls restroom lines they were ridiculous I was better off exiting club to use restroom in casino and than re enter club.
4	I love Light! We arrived at 10:30 on a Saturday with both girls and guys in our group for the guest list. You need to have a 1:1 ratio for the guys to get comp'd. Any extra guys have to pay. I recommend that guys buy their tickets ahead of time online. The night we went, it cost $40 online and we were told that the "extra" guys could just go in the GL line and pay $40 at the door. It turned out to be $55. So buy ahead! The rest of our group was comp'd and all of us received wristbands for an open vodka bar until midnight. BEST DEAL EVER! Since we had arrived so early as to have a shorter wait, we had plenty of time to take advantage of the open bar. Plus, it was the main bar that was free, not some small bar in the corner. So it didn't take long to get a drink.The atmosphere and decor is what made me fall in love with Light. The LED screens are huge and at times they have dancers behind them. The other lights are crazy, shooting various colored beams all over the dance floor. The Cirque Du Soleil dancers and performers kept me in awe. There were aerialists, mermaids "swimming" midair, and guys suspended by harnesses running across and up and down the LED screens. Each costume was so thought out and they had various themes throughout the night such as enchanted forest and underwater. Ladies: Don't be afraid to wear heels. There isn't much walking required through the casino or to get inside the club. No (or minimal) stairs; no secret hallways.The club is rectangular shaped and is set up in tiers. You enter on the highest tier, which has the main bar and a small ledge facing the dance floor. I set my drink on the ledge and stayed at that spot all night. I wasn't in the mood to go on the dance floor because it seemed really crowded. (But not as bad as Hakkasan.) There are 2 or 3 other tiers of tables leading down to the main dance floor. The tables seemed spacious. One guy at a table started causing problems with my friend and bouncer escorted him out immediately.The lights and the Cirque Du Soleil theme makes Light one of my new favorite clubs. I can't wait to come back!
3	Got in line at 10:30, pretty much walked in & locked down a nice spot up top pretty easily. We had presale tickets but put my wife on a promoters list to get a couple drink tickets. All the workers were very nice. No "cool guy" attitude at all, this went from the guys at the door to the bartenders to the bussers. One of the bussers actually looked around for one of the t-shirts they gave out for us & found us on the other side of the club to say they didn't have any left. We read somewhere about walking into the club being like Space Mountain at Disneyland, that's a very good analogy. Pretty cool. Good lighting, good (probably too loud) sound system.The opening DJ Don Diablo sucked. Sorry if you like him but he was very unimpressive. The "Cirque du Soleil" aspect of the club was rather disappointing. They had great costumes & did some interesting stuff but they were only out for 45-50 mins tops from 10:30-3am. If that's what they're selling as their feature, they should actually utilize that feature.The drinks are weak & cost $14 but that's to be expected. The "free ladies drink coupons" end at midnight, which they don't tell you but I guess 1 "free" drink is better than none.The dance floor is rather small but wasn't too crowded. It was easy to see the DJ from anywhere in the club. They have a huge wall of panels / monitors / lights behind the dj which is pretty good. Overall we had a good time while we were at the club, it wasn't too crowded & everyone was friendly enough. A couple people in the VIP area actually poured me (a guy with his wife) drinks because we were having such a good time. My main advice to anyone going here or any club would be to BRING EARPLUGS!
5	With so many new clubs coming out in Vegas all the time, it can get difficult to decide which hotspot to hit up. While I've been to XS nearly every time I've been to Vegas over the past few years, I was really hoping for a change that would be on par with the ever so popular club. Enter: Light.Partying at Light is not only amazing but also refreshing, as this place really pours their efforts into creating a truly unique experience that attendees have never seen before. By blending elements of EDM concerts and the beautiful aerial acts seen in Cirque du Soleil, Light creates a theatrical and aesthetically pleasing stage for clubgoers to enjoy. My girl friends and I found a promoter who got us in for free. We were also given a free drink ticket to start off the night. The line was relatively short and we were pleasantly surprised to be greeted at the door with performers who would later on perform that night. The sound system was amazing and the bass reverberated throughout the entire club. The layout of the club is quite simple with two floors--one on top for the bar area and bathroom and one for the dance floor with tables littered throughout the stair area. It got pretty tiring to keep walking up and down the stairs throughout the night. But as I have stated before in my Vegas reviews, it's good to be a girl and we found some guys who let us sit at their table throughout the night. My feet were eternally grateful. Diplo performed that night and played many amazing hits and remixes. As large as the club was, the dance floor filled up rather quickly and became elbow to elbow packed as the night went along. I wished the club was larger as I felt that this place is great to enjoy the music when you have a table but can get quite uncomfortable without. Still, I can't complain. I would definitely come back here, as Light is definitely a worthy contender among the top clubs in Sin City.
1	Came last night for Nicky Romero and paid $40 with an even ratio.  With so many places to choose from, I was excited to see what they had to offer.  The production was incredible.  The stage performers created an awesome experience.  The openers were great.  However, there is a catch: Through 3AM, Nicky NEVER PERFORMED.  Clearly they wanted everyone to stay later and spend money on alcohol.  Bad business practice, I would take your money to Marquee or somewhere where they actually deliver on the DJ they advertise.
5	Just spent Halloween in Vegas for the third time and this one was the best because of Light. I went to The Bank the first year and Marquee last year - both were too packed, overrated and fell short in comparison to the sensory overload this club provides. Not to mention, guys were charged like 70 bucks at those places...Light charged 40.I got in free, as all girls do, and so did my boyfriend (prob bc his costume looked cool)...so, that definitely added to my positive experience. The dancers had me in awe the whole night...they kept their halloween themed characters on point, even while they were dancing on stripper poles. Picture exotic dancers wearing really cool halloween costumes/masks doing crazy acrobatic tricks. At one point they were all dancing and wearing red capes while having a fan blown out from beneath them, Marilyn Monroe status. I loved that the club faces the huge screens/stage area - you get a great view no matter where you are. And, I especially loved the cirque de soleil dancers that came up on stage and flew in from the ceilings, amazing.Highly recommend.
4	My wife and I have been to many clubs in Vegas over the past several years, and Light was yet another memorable night!  I would definately return.  The sound system was excellent and perfect for EDM tracks Highs/Lows.  The dance floor was small and packed... but that is to be expected when you have great music and an amazing visual setting.My only complaint is we had selected this venue to see Nicky Romero (Sat 10/27).  We arrived a little before midnight and enjoyed the music from Don Diablo the opening DJ... 1am.... 2am.... and still no show.  We ended up leaving around 3am and still no main DJ.  (Props to Don Diablo for playing a 5+ hour set and keeping the dance floor packed).Just curious if Nicky Romero ever showed up?
5	This Club was my favorite . Very entertaining! I thought I'm too old for clubbing but my friends and I were static and had a fantastic night !!!
5	First time here on a Sat.  Definitely had a blast with my friends.  We came late to see Nicky Romero spin.  We got on a promoter's late guest list.  I guess late guest list mainly exists at this club.  He took forever coming out.  He arrived late or something.  My friend kept saying he's on he's on.  BS! No he wasn't He doesn't have dark hair nor is his music ever not hard LOL I Love hard music.  He was great during the sport period he was on.  I people watched as I wanted for Nicky to come on because the other DJ's music was slow for me.  It was good, though.  The lights were awesome, too.  Strobe lights, etc all over.  The performers were fun to watch.  Their outfits were interesting.  The girls in their getup were alright, but they probably would've looked better if they had a butt.  Only one of the girls did...We watched people hanging out at their tables.  If you get a table, you're separated from those who didn't get tables.  I guess that's a good thing.  If you can make it out ot the main floor, it's small.  Good luck to that.  At the tables, we saw one girl had thrown up.  It was gross.  Some of the guys were having a good time.  I guess they saw me falling asleep or leaning on the rail that they gave me 2 redbulls LOL It definitely did help me wake up after a long day at the LIB music fest.
1	Amazing venue! the stage and performers are top notch, but don't go here if you want to see a specific DJ.  Went for my birthday super excited to see Nicky Romero on 10/26 and after waiting and listening to the opening DJ for about FOUR HOURS.... no Nicky.  Super disappointed and definitely not how I wanted to leave the club.  We left at around 3 am.My suggestion is that if you want to go to a cool club and you don't really care about who's playing... this is the place to be, but if you want to see a specific DJ I'd suggest trying Marquee. Instead of an insanely amazing birthday listening to one of my favorite DJs, I was stuck with the same music for hours and hours leaving unsatisfied.
5	Great place to enjoy your night. I went to hakkasan and it was boring until the next night I went to The Light and it made my vegas trip a blast. The music was awesome and the service was good (free entrance and drink if you are on the guest list 1:1 ratio between girls and guys). Small events would popped up randomly which were pretty cool. Greatly recommended.
5	As much as I love visiting Vegas I hate the hot, maximum capacity clubs with a horrible layout making it hard to access the dance floor or the bar. Light has thought of everything to an awesome layout of the stage that can be viewed from all three levels all the way around the whole club. This venue is the sickest one around. Skrillex played for Halloween and blew my mind. This club is turned on my cirque du soleil and has their dancers hanging from the ceilings, climbing the walls to the extraordinarily dressed dancers on the sides. It was worth every dollar I spent to get in. Dress code is highly enforced, dress your best but you'll have the time of your life! Our tickets said it ended at 4am but the DJ kept playing till 4:30.
3	This was a ridiculous experience from start to finish. And the only reason they get the third star is because we had absolutely the most fantastic adorable and aware cocktail waitress.  We went for Skrillex, who rocked!! And the cirque theme is suuuuuper fun and unique.  However, the hosts are a bunch of professional scammers who take tips and tell you they will help you get a good deal on a table when they actually never do anything close to helping.  And the club is full of cheap scandalous hoes who will loiter around table and then try to grab drinks off the table and run.
1	The Cirque Du Soleil dancers were amazing and the overall look is pretty sick.  However, the night I came to watch Nicky Romero live, he didn't come on until 3 AM!  Instead, I had to deal with bad djing which sucked since we had to pay the entry fee.  I would take my money to Marquee or another club on the strip next time instead of paying.
1	Out of the times I been to Vegas and all the clubs I been to. Light has the worse customer service. Although their venue is legit. Their service won't make me go back. They create the longest lines to let walk ups who pay the bouncer in first. They move their pre sale line slow just because they have paid already. They scan your ticket an hour before you enter to leave you with no choice but to wait in line and enter the club. Their guest list line moves slower just so they can make their money and deny guest list. By the time you walk inside the club, it's packed and you can't walk or dance. You can't even stand in one spot to party without having a man wearing a shirt saying "control" on the back telling you to move and go somewhere else! I GET TREATED BETTER AT XS, HAKASSAN AND MARQUEE DRUNK. Yes, my light nightclub experience was sober. Never going back. I don't care who they have, I've seen them all at XS.
4	Awesome awesome awesome! Came here to see DJ Alesso on Saturday night. They briefly had some acrobatic performances, but I definitely wish it had gone on for longer. Dance floor was packed! In fact the whole club was packed that night. There are several floors of viewing, but trying to see from any floor but the bottom is a challenge unless you're right up against the railing. Smoking was a problem, as in there were a lot of smokers which I hate. Also, drinks were not cheap. But what really amazed me was the price they charged for an ordinary bottle of water......$9!!!! That's right, a bottle of water cost $9. Be careful!!! Try not to get too drunk to need a bottle of water while you're there because it'll cost you a pretty penny. They should be handing out water for free so it will sober you up just enough that you'll need to buy more alcohol to counteract it. However, the club did put on a great show. The light show was amazing, costumes were amazing for the costume contest, and there were plenty of confetti that were shot out onto the dance floor throughout the night. Amazing first experience at Light.
5	Was there for DJ A-Trak last month on a Saturday night. The focus of this club is def the dancefloor and luckily for me that's where I like to be. The rest of the club did not wow me at all. Upstairs has one large bar and another small bar off to the side. Too dark and plain for my liking. That's about it. What made this club for me is the fact that there is actually room on the dancefloor to actually dance. Also loved that A-Trak put on a few current hip hop hits which was refreshing for an edm only club. Of course the lighting and ceiling performers were amazing. If you like to dance this is the place to be. If you wanna pop bottles I'd probably look to make a reservation somewhere else. All in all I had a great time and partied till almost 5am. I'm giving this place 5* because of the dancefloor, being able to figure out which bar had the least wait time to order a drink, figuring the best path to get to the dancefloor without the mass of people in the way and which area of the dancefloor was best. I will keep those a secret. You'll have to figure those out on your own. Goodluck! Haha
5	Light is def the club to be at right now! I don't usually have fun at Vegas nightclubs compared to their dayclubs but my most recent experience at Light was so much fun! The security and promoters here are super nice. I went during Halloween weekend so lines were really long. First, they brought my group of girls and I to the Red Square Restaurant and gave us each a free drink so we could sit down and chill while they get the lines moving. Afterwards, they gave us each 2 free drink tickets and moved us to the front portion of the line. This is where things got messy for me at least...There was a girl in our group that a friend brought over cuz she got separated from her own group. I didn't realize that she was told to leave 7 times already b/c she was too drunk to get in. The security guard at the front told us that she had to leave property aka the whole Mandalay Bay hotel. Since I didn't want her to be by herself, I took her outside to the parking lot and waited until her friend came and took her back to their hotel. When I went back to Light, I realized that my friend took my slip in and I didn't have a chance to get a stamp on my hand before I had to take that girl outside. I seriously thought I was going to have to go to the end of the line and wait another hour or so to get in. However, after talking to one of the promoters in the front - he gave me a slip and a stamp right away, along with 2 more drink tickets. He then ushered me to the front of the line. Wow, talk about great customer service! Even though it still took me a good 20 minutes to get in (the club was super packed), it was easy to navigate and find my friends (they got tables). One thing that I wish they told me though was that drink tickets expire after a certain time. I wasn't sure when exactly, but I realized that the promoter gave me drink tickets to use for a future date! Just another incentive for me to come back to Sin City (; Thank you Light for saving my night and more! I can't wait to come back here...see you next weekend!
5	Love it here!"! love the music and the little show put on by cirque de soleil. If your into.edm than this is the place to be when in vegas
5	Been here the last three times I went to Vegas and loved each time.  My first impression was that it was okay, just seemed like a standard club compared to something sprawling like XS.  However, when the party really gets started, this place proves to be just as exciting and entertaining as any other club on the strip, if no more so.The production value here is high.  Massive LED screens fill the portion of the club that would be a stage, with a small DJ booth in front of it.  This used to be a Cirque du Solei theater and it still keeps some of those surprise, such as Resident DJ Nicky Romero zip-lining in to do his set.  Entertainers dressed in Cirque du Solei costumes wonder the club and perform behind the stage at certain times.  Oh, and don't forget the LED screens on the ceiling!!!  You truly are surrounded by LIGHT! and lasers, and costumed entertainers, and incredible music, and hot people, and so on....GET BOTTLE SERVICE, nothing sucks more than wondering around a club like this.  Plus the VIP treatment is worth it.
3	Eh Idk how I feel about this place. My friends had told me it's super fun here. I mean I have to admit, when I first was walking into this club it really did look awesome. There were lights every where and I felt like I was in Justin Timberlake's Rock Your Body music video because this club had the same lights as the one in his video! After passing the whole light scenery this club was ok. Was I too drunk? Because I felt like I was on the first floor for like ever. I didn't know how to navigate to the second floor...but that didn't seem all that great either. The only area I made it to was the VIP area. The dance floor area is seriously packed and I did not even want to attempt to get my toes stepped on. I guess I thought this place was alright because there wasn't a hip hop floor. It was straight EDM and the place is sorta small to me. The bathroom set up is horrible too. You literally wait in line an run into people trying to get out of the bathroom an wash their hands. I like the bathrooms at XS way better! Ya this place is okay....
4	Wow. Lights is definitely an impressive nightclub. Yes the strobe lights may make you feel dizzy and cause you to get an headache, but you should check it out. The lights and decorations are amazing. I walked in very impressed. Haha. Yes the place is smaller than some clubs on the strip (XS, Marquee, etc).The club is located right  next to the valet/taxi drop off and parking lot. So the traffic of people walking in and out is kind of inconvenient when you are trying to look for friends. Worse when a concert just ended and you see tons of people passing by. But it's in a convenient spot. Anyways my party and I were lucky on the night we went. Even ratio of ladies and gents meant free admission before 12, plus two free drink tickets (fail because they gave us dates that were long past and they stopped those at midnight). The line moved relatively fast considering I got into line at 11:20 (which was pretty far back) and made it in before midnight. As you walk in, there is a small ramp leading up to the club, yes ladies there aren't a lot of stairs if you are in heels. Immediately you'll see the bar. Yes and the line is long, but pretty fast in my opinion. Music was good - honestly as long as I can dance to it, I think it's good. If I remember correctly, it was like EDC music. Rave. No Hip-hop, no top 40's. So if that's your style, you're better off going elsewhere.
1	Oh, Light. I used to love you. You were always so good to me. I've always had wonderful experiences here as well. Never a single issue, but this last time, you royally messed up.I had a group of friends come to town for my best friend's boyfriend's birthday. It was a Wednesday night, my friend wanted to go to Surrender, but I talked her into going to Light instead, even though Surrender had a better DJ. I got us a comp bottle and everyone was stoked. We had a group of 8, showed up on time, got an awesome table, and everything was great. I asked our hostess what she would like us to tip or to let me know the price of the bottle so we could tip accordingly. She kept being super sketchy and dodgy about it. She told me that I had to tip her and the busser separately, which was also odd. After the bottle came, I collected the money. Usually on a comp bottle I recommend everyone tip around $20 a person. We wanted to ensure that our table didn't get bumped so we threw our hostess $300 in tip and $80 to the busser. Our waitress said she was grateful for the tip and said she would see if she could get us another comp bottle (she even asked me to text my promoter friend to text Norman). I then went to the ladies room (PRO-TIP: There are restrooms upstairs and virtually no line). By the time I was walking downstairs, I noticed all of my friends downstairs. My one friend explained to me that after I left, a host a 2 security guards went up to our table, shined lights on their faces, knocked over the rest of the bottle (there was still half a bottle left), and told them to "Get the fuck out, this table has been sold." I went back to our waitress and she said she didn't have control of the situation and apologized profusely. Never in my life have I ever seen people treated so poorly and rudely.Luckily, I had friends at another table and they let us crash with them. We made the best out of a really shitty situation and salvaged what was left of a birthday celebration.Oh, Light. You failed me. Hard. I suggested you and stated you were the sickest club in town and you left me feeling dark.
1	Lame. My girlfriends and I (a group of 7) came here on Saturday. We were already on a promoter's guest list so we didn't wait very long to get in. Before getting in, we were each given 2 complimentary drink cards. Cool.We get in and the place totally lacks ambiance. It's just dark with lighting behind the bar and large screens behind the DJ booth. It's nothing like XS or Tryst where you are blown away by it. First thing we do is go to the bar to redeem a drink card. We are told that the drink cards are just good for a vodka + mixer drink. Great. So we all get cranberry and vodka's. My drink was so bland and gross that I didn't bother to redeem my second card. Just to compare, the night before we went to XS for free and were each given a drink card for a drink worth up to $20. I would rather have 1 drink card for an awesome drink and 2 drink cards for shitty drinks. We head to the dance floor in front of the DJ booth and it's too crowded and really no room to dance. I was pretty much just getting shoved and elbowed so we left to go to the top level. There, a guy approaches us and asks us to sit at their table. We go and while me and one of the other girls left to go to the bathroom (or really just look for a table where the guys would at least offer us a drink after inviting us to their table), we come back to find out that security kicked my friends out of the table even though they were invited to sit there. Huh? The quest to sit at a table was futile. If you don't have a table, you can't even walk past the table section to strike up conversation with people sitting there. One of the staff members was extremely rude to me about this. Instead of explaining their policy, he acted like I was an ass for even trying to walk through the upstairs table section. After that, we had to find a place to stand and the only place we found was by a trashcan. For whatever reason, this place kept on letting people in and it was so crowded and uncomfortable there. People are also allowed to smoke inside and the place is poorly ventilated so we left smelling like cigarettes. Needless to say, I'm happy I didn't spend a dollar here and I wouldn't go back even if it was free.
4	Went here for my friend's 21st birthday on a Friday night. There was no line but then again it was close to 2am. Bouncer was going to charge us $30 for girls & $40 for guys. But I convinced him $20/person would be a better deal. It's a little cramped but not overly crowded. Good guy to girl ratio and people ranging from ages 21-30+. The music loud but not enough for you to go deaf. The lights were pretty cool, but the best part about the club is the aerial dancers performing right above the dancefloor. The VIP section is right next to the dance floor so even if you're on the other side, you can still interact with the people. Overall, it was a fun club, cool people (not many hoochie girls and pervy guys hounding your every move) so I would definitely come back here again. I knock off 1 star only because there were far too many stairs for a girl in 4 inch heels to be navigating in especially when you have drink in hand. Other than that, I highly recommend going!
5	Loved this place but certainly room for improvement. I see why the bar is so dark, I guess, probably because they don't want that area to detract from the main attraction, but how could it with how epic the video screens are. Alesso was great (Is he really doing anything with the dials up there or is that for show inlay?), the visuals were great, the people in costumes / dancers were amazing and fun to watch. A great place that can surely be improved upon. Perhaps a side room or two, if there is room to expand, so that if it gets crazy busy they could open them up with a small bar and/or different music and visuals in them? Why not lights that drop from the ceiling over the dance floor? So many  things can be done to improve what I think is very cool already. Also, from a previous review or two, although the bottle service seems great I would need to do some serious research before booking since who the heck wants to be booted from a table part way through the night!?
2	This was actually a decent venue and I really really wanted to like it, but some of the bouncers here really tarnished our experience. 3 girlfriends and I came here, got in right away on guestlist and were given 2 drink cards each which were only good for vodka.Our birthday girl got really messed up to the point I had to hold her up on the dancefloor and we were doing all we can to keep her awake. Sure enough, a bouncer let me know they're going to kick her out for being too intoxicated as well as their fear of her throwing up. I exchanged several words with the man and we were allowed to stay. We moved towards the middle of the dancefloor in hopes our group would be less obvious but I made the call shortly after to exit the venue.My plan was to exit, get our reentry stamp, and have birthday girl sober up a little. It would've been harder getting her back in if she had been kicked out. We did everything from poking her face, tickling her, and even putting her in a corner for "time out" just to make sure she is alert enough to reenter the club.We got back in no problem, and hung out on the side overlooking the dancefloor then got invited by a group to join their table. There was a pole near the table and one of my girls took the opportunity to showcase her pole dancing skills. Minutes later, a bouncer comes and escorts her out of the club. They couldn't have even given her a warning like "hey you can't be on the pole, don't do it again or you're out of here." I understand it's a liability to have non-performers doing acrobatics, but they could've at least given a warning.We did get back in no problem and that wasn't even the last of our encounters with the bouncers. I don't want to go further into detail so I'll just end it here. Aside from that, the music and Cirque performers were awesome.
5	Came here for AlessoWe got here at 11pm and the line was INSANELY long. It doesn't matter if you're on the guest list! The guys had to wait for ~2 hours, but the girls got in right away. (Even though our ratio was 2:1) We gave up waiting with the guys and ended up just heading in first.The venue is AWESOME!! HUGE screens, CRAZY light shows, and there are people dancing inside the screens/ behind the stage... I don't know how to explain it, except that it was mindblowing!Really fun, friendly, and young crowd too! A bunch of people were inviting us to their tables, and everyone was just down to party!I'll definitely be coming here for our next Vegas trip...... but will arrive WAAYY earlier than 11PM :P
2	I refuse to believe that hip hop is dead, but Light nightclub likes to say it with an exclamation point.  How can you not have a hip hop room???  Not everyone in Vegas is poppin Mollys to enjoy EDM all night long!Light is one big rectangular room with no other rooms, there's not really a "wow" factor to this club.  It reminded me of LAX in Luxor (is it even still there?).  The DJ is on some kind of stage/platform in the front with the dancefloor in front of him.  And then bottle tables all around.  The "lights" are fluorescent white/blue lighting all over the walls.  I mean it was nice, but I've seen so much nicer clubs in Vegas. They were giving out free drink cards to the ladies outside but when we got in, we found out at the bar that the drink cards could only be used towards Sky Vodka mixers.  Would have been nice to include that information on the card!  We were drinking Henn that night so since we didn't want to mix we just gave away our cards to some other people who were waiting in line when we left.  Yep, we only stayed for 30 minutes before going elsewhere.
2	Saw plenty of good reviews so I thought I'd give it a chance. It was ok. me and my guy were thinkin this would be fun. there was no wait, good start. After the first 5 min of being amazed by the lights I got bored. the layout of the club is weird and dance floor too small. it was just so bland and the crowd was. . . how to word it, trashy? Lame? some guys felt the need to start moshing, hardcore moshing. what in the world? The only good thing was the dj I came to see Alesso. if it wasn't for him, I would have left after 10 minutes. right when his set ended we did leave. i guess just to experience id say go, but i wouldnt go again. had our fun but I think ill stick to XS and Marquee.
4	Not a club girl to have the most accurate reviews for nightclubs...but this is what I experienced..We came to Light on the Friday before halloween. Everybody dressed up and so did we. It was packed with people. We got a table with service, so we got taken cared of really well. The club looks pretty new and nice. The lights were beautiful. It was halloween, so they had people dressing up and dancing up on top of the stage and hanging around strings and dancing.It was also a Sabastian night, so it was even better. Sabastian was awesome, btw.
5	My friends and I went through guest list where we were supposed to get there by 11pm.  The line was super long, but we all ended up getting in okay.Loved the lights! and Bassjackers definitely were awesome live!!!  This night was super crowded like the other new clubs in Vegas.  My friends and I mostly hung out upstairs.  The entertainment was great.  Can't wait to come again...
3	The music: LOL at the reviewer below, who said, "I refuse to believe that hip hop is dead, but Light nightclub likes to say it with an exclamation point.  How can you not have a hip hop room???  Not everyone in Vegas is poppin Mollys to enjoy EDM all night long!" READ MY MIND. When the featured DJ Alleso came around around 1 AM that's when the music actually started to sound like music... but for the 3 hours prior, it was a tragic train wreck of EDM beats. Can we all return to hip hop please? Or at least quality DJ's all night long. The ambiance: Design-wise, Light doesn't really stand out in any way. I really wish it did, as that's what makes a club unique, stand out, and have curb appeal. I'm sure if you turn on the lights (har har), it's just be an open, two-story space. It's their sirk de solay (JK, Cirque de Soleil) that they're known for. BUT... Am I the only who thinks it's entertaining in the moment, but also creepy as hell?? These are the stuff nightmares are made of! I can't tell if these aero bound entertainers are male or female so it's definitely not sexy. Actually, yes, creepy is probably the best word. Then you have these creepy men on pogo sticks hopping around, and a BDSM guy dancing on the ledge and I'm just fearing for his life and safety. The full screen display of the half naked dancers ups the cool/creepy factor. It's like you're watching them dance in a steamy shower room, if that's what you're into... The space: Crowded. Human sardines. Pilgrimage ship. I wouldn't have been to fond of it had we not had our own table, IMO. This seemed to be the general group consensus. The drinks: Patron shots were good...went down smooth. But then again you can't quite mess up on that, can you?
5	I really enjoyed this club. The giant LCD screens had awesome visuals in addition to the skilled dancers and performers. They really set themselves apart and above the other clubs. There is good viewing of the dj from the dance floor and all the balconies. The VIP area is on the first tier up from the dance floor which is nice so that the next tier up can see over them for an unobstructed  view. They have carpet on the floors and steps, except for on the the dance floor, which is awesome for girls who are wearing heels. You know girls how slippery it can get when someone spills a drink on a tile floor. No worries at this place. Well done Light. This place is not just a nightclub it is a full experience. Will be back again...hopefully soon.
5	The Light has one of my favorite venues in Vegas. Spacious, plenty of places to get drinks and the staff is great too. Just the look of it on the inside is dope. I had a great time here. Recommended!
1	pickpocketed--do not come here unless you want to get pick-pocketed. i was pick-pocketed $700, mine and my best friend (who had just turned 21 an hour before) ids, a $800 iphone, and 4 credit cards!!!!all mandalay bat had to say was "sorry" and hang up the phone. they let the sketchiest people in. there's a ton of creepy old men trying to hit on young girls. totally disgusting. dont waist your time.
4	Finally made my way over to Light after the horrendous lines that were present during the summer. Light and Hakkasan were definitely the clubs to be at this summer since they were both newly opened. Yes, everyone this is a EDM club and there aren't any additional rooms if house music isn't exactly your thing. I came here on the Wednesday before Thanksgiving and I liked it so much I came again 2 days later. Unfortunately, the crowd and music was better on my first visit (Wednesday) than my second (Friday). I also noticed the ratio was off too, I felt like I saw slightly more males than females? I know that isn't exactly the ideal ratio here in Vegas. One of the aspects I like is the screen with the stage behind it. This club is very Cirque du Soleil inspired, which really gives it that wow factor. The performers come out periodically through the night which is very entertaining in my opinion. I don't know if I will be a regular here, but if I'm invited to come I probably won't say no.
4	WOW!!! I don't think anything can be said that hasn't already.  Large dance space, bumpin sound, incredible visuals, good DJs, and all combined with cirque du soleil dancers.  This is definitely a one of a kind experience.  Obviously alcohol is obnoxiously expensive so that doesn't factor in to my review since it's expected.So why only 4 stars?  Because any club that makes it difficult to obtain free water creates an extremely unsafe environment with all the rolling and drunk clubbers  (btw it's $8 for a bottled water). And yes, this probably means no club in LV deserves 5 stars.
5	2 times I been since I moved to Las Vegas. Wow amazing time. All you visitors from the world I recommend this club  wow
4	One of the best nightclubs here in Vegas. Love the environment and music just wished they played some hip hop once in awhile. But make sure your ID looks like you. Very strict on that. My friend couldn't get in last night totally ruined the mood. But other than that the club is cool and fun since it's cirque du soleil with interactions
4	The review is a bit overdue for one of the newest and hottest clubs in Las Vegas. Imagine a club packed with people, one the best laser light shows, hottest DJs and a Cirque du Soleil show with acrobats and performers - and this equals The Light Vegas. The Light was the previous Rum Jungle space at the Mandalay Bay, but it has been totally redone. The lines for guest list and general admission will get extremely long on many nights due to the DJ playing, but if you have the money to do so, I highly suggest getting a VIP table. All the tables are really good since they all face the DJ stage, with the more expensive ones being in the middle or on the dance floor.Looking forward to the next time that I can show my friends one of the newest and best clubs in Vegas.
5	Seriously, the MOST fun vegas clubbing, & most possibly best night partying being a 30-something-year-old.  Totally revamped the Rum Jungle of my 20's, into this spectacular Special effect extravaganza.  Music, the bass, the lights!!  Also amazing, Zedd was spinning, cirque du soleil performing, wind & light blasting on the gogo dancers, bottle service coming with it's own little light show.  Also, getting VIP treatment with front of the line, drink tickets (that we never used), and comped table service.  hope ya'll have an awesome experience, as well.
5	My favorite club in Sin City! I didn't really have a favorite club before..I only went to XS/Surrender/Marquee for their star-studded DJ lineup. But, not only does The Light bring an awesome DJ lineup BUT a visually interesting experience with Cirque Du Soleil.The club itself is pretty no frills which I don't mind. Love the performers. The "open bar" is kind of lame TBH, it's SKYY only and you can't even get WATER with it. C'mon. Beyond that, definitely a place to check out.
3	This place wasn't anything special. It's a semi-large dance floor, but there's only one. I've been spoiled by Marquee, so that may be why my feelings about the place is not the best. There were some elements from Cirque du Soleil here, but you don't really go to a club to watch the people up top dancing. The line for this place was RIDICULOUSLY long, which probably made it seem like it wasn't worth the wait (disclaimer: the wait was about an hour and a half, but my friends and I paid the bouncer some $$$ to get us in ahead of the line. Cover was free because we were staying at Mandalay Bay for the night - one of the few pluses about the place). Carl Kennedy was playing. Never really heard of him before. The music he played was okay, but I wasn't really paying attention to the music.Bottomline: if you're staying at the hotel, definitely worth it to get in just to check it out and say you've been there. I wouldn't have to go back again. On the real - even the groups of girls had to wait to get inside the club, so that was a good sign that it was busy.
3	not so much as the hype put it I went there and it was a special night they wanted to charge 66 bucks for a club. I was lucky guess I was good looking enough some guy in line said hey lets go in he invited me.  I would not pay that much for a club. it is huge place lots of neons and dj's were decent. not the greatest club in vegas though. I give it a 3.now it is a 70 percent entertainment and they make billions now in club,2 years  ago was 20 bucks now it is 60 bucks
3	I had high expectations for this place maybe friends hyped it too much, but this nightclub was nothing special. Don't get me wrong the Cirque performers were awesome but the setup of this venue is almost identical to that of Haze nightclub at Aria. Its basically a huge rectangular room with a front DJ wall full of LED and one bar (that I noticed) in the back. Semi Spacious Dancefloor, probably bigger than Marquee. Very Dissapointed this place does not "enforce" a dress code. I should've just worn a T-shirt, chucks, and jeans instead.   I was here for an EXTREMELY busy Saturday night and couldn't walk anywhere. Considering I paid $50 admission thru wanttickets.com I still waited about 2.5 hours to go in. The bouncers were letting guest list have priority first which kind of bothered me since I decided to pay instead of going thru hassle with a promoter. The Staff though, was overall nice and friendly. I probably will come back here in the future but its not 1st on my list when I visit Vegas.
4	Big dance floor, Cirque du Soleil dancers randomly performing, decent DJ booth visuals, and spacious table areas. Not a bad combo?I went on a night with a bad girl/guy ratio though. They should fix that... but still let me and my guy friends in lol.
4	Light was still pretty new the when I visited, so I expected it to live up to the high expectations. It was big, well-ventilated, and I had no problems getting from place to place. There were two floors, but the top floor is mostly bottle service. We got a few bottles and were at the very edge of the top floor. It was kind of cool, but I don't like to get locked into a corner; so it's not really worth it to me. There's enough room to move around, so I don't think bottle service is even necessary, unlike places like Hakkasan.It's pretty much all EDM here, so if that's not your thing, you might want to consider a different club.
5	Possibly the best club in Vegas. Lighting display is the best in vegas for sure. The gogo's/performers are beautiful. It's an orgy of awesomeness.
4	I luv luv this club great DJ I luv the fact you can see him djing he's up high looking down on his dance floor.  Cool show great go go dancers. Drinks a little weak. Super crowded at the bar and on the dance floor but hey its a vegas club .  I suggest getting on the VIP list free entry and ladies two free drink tickets. Very classy place. From the super fit male and female greaters outside in their suits and dresses thumbs up. You guys are super nice. Not heads up your butts like lots of the clubs where I live here in LA :)
5	- Awesome DJ's (Zedd, Nicky Romero, Alesso) - Check!- An amazing sound system that uses sound waves to massage your body on the dance floor. - Check!- State of the art lighting system on the ceiling. - Check!- Good looking crowd with all smiles and a great attitude. - Check!- Parking and Taxi pick up right out front. - Check!- Huge dance floor, room to move around, and a view of the DJ no matter where you're at in the club. - Check!- Tall drinks that make you feel like a big boy. - Check!- Huge floor to ceiling monitor displaying star constellations and everything else that I see in my wicked dreams. - Check!- Cirque Du Soliel gogo dancers hanging from the ceiling, dancing behind the DJ, and greeting you at the front door. - Check!- Everything you want in a great club and the reason why you flew to Vegas to party hard. - Check! Check! Check! Check! Check!
4	Lighting system is pretty sick. The club is not very upscale as far as the decor goes but who cares, we had a pretty good time and will definitely be back next time we are in vegas.
5	For those that don't know this use to be a spot called Rum Jungle back in the day and was quite small. Cirque real turned this place out. One dance floor which as others said is small compared to other places. Whos says you need a dance floor to dance? So many things going on!! Love all the performs walking around on platforms from the sky where ever you are there is something going on.  Good to be a girl as we didn't wait too long. This place is great and hope it stays!!
4	Another favorite in Vegas. Let's be honest. Clubs are usually best when you are there with the right people and the right drinks/other substances. So if you are third wheeling your friend, or the crew that you came with wants to leave at 1:30A, you are bound to have a lame night. Light is located in Mandalay Bay, it is a little further than the main strip. Cabbing is a must unless you live in that hotel. The entrance of club is a loop that lives up to its name "light". They have floor to ceiling neon lights that start from the moment they check your ID leading up to the dance floor and bar. Maybe it was dark and I wasn't able to notice but there was only one long bar downstairs. Kind of hard to get drinks if you planning to get drunk or didn't buy a table. There are a lot of small tables, you might be bumping elbows with the group next to you if you have a big crew or invite girls to mingle. We came on a Saturday night, and Steve Powers was DJ-ing. I am not familiar with the DJ but he was playing mainstream EDM so it wasn't too bad. I wish the dance floor was a tiny bit bigger. There was walking space between the DJ/Stage and dance floor that the security made sure that was big enough for room so that people that work that can walk through or just plain safety but it made the dance floor even smaller. There are aerobic dancers and cirque du soleil-like mini shows when something trance-y came on. Pretty sweet if you are just sitting by the rails dancing. I like the lights the most. The floor ceiling lights behind the dj that spread across the club was legit!
1	This place has the worst staff in Vegas. I was on a guest list of one of the bottle service girls and I along with 4 girls go to the club an hour before opening. Since I was a guy they made us go to the back of the line because I was a guy. After 3 hours I asked what was going on he said they are full and won't be letting my group in. Meanwhile an all girls line is just about walking in the club. This must have made it a taco fest inside the club. So they won't let guys in and the staff were straight up rude and disrespectful about it too. I'd rather spend big money elsewhere. This club needs some serious work in terms of their staff!!!Horrible time thanks to this club.
5	Simply Amazing. We normally hit up a club or two when in Vegas and its usually a big group of guys so it has to be bottle service. Marques is amazing of course BUT I dont think theres a single one in the group that didn't walk out of light genuinely feeling that they had a simply amazing time. From the table, to the hostess, to the music (Sebastian Ingrosso) is amazing! To the people around us it was just a time we all wanted to repeat and we will. You wont be disappointed so go and enjoy!
5	And #200 goes to.... Light!Located at Mandalay Bay, but if you want to get here quicker, tell your cabbie to drop you off at THEhotel. It'll take you right to the front and you'll skip the hassle of walking through MB's casino and asking a bunch of people how to get to Light.If I didn't believe in love at first sight before, I most definitely believed it the moment I entered the threshold of this gorgeous club. The rainbow LED lights upon the entrance won me over within a nanosecond. And the stairs upon entry were thoughtfully gradually elevated, wide, and CARPETED! No excuses not to make an elegant grand entrance.This nightclub features Circue du Soleil performers everywhere you turn, and I mean EVERYWHERE. I'm amazed and overwhelmed each time I come here, it's always something new to discover at Light. There are dancers on stage, in front of the stage, in back of the stage, above the stage, there's just no telling where they will come from! The spotlight is always shifting so keep your eyes open!I like the fact that you can be anywhere in the club and still get a great view of the stage. This helps for those people who get really claustrophobic around a bunch of people, and trust me, the dance floor gets pretty packed.The bartenders could be a little bit more attentive, drink tickets expire at midnight and I feel like they do their best to make sure you don't use them all. There's also only one dance floor, so if you don't like the music, tough luck.This is now my go-to club when I'm in town, with or without big named DJs playing here. If there is a big DJ, I advise you to go super early at 10pm the very latest because the lines can be a nightmare of a sight. Thank goodness for me, I have the absolute best promoter that will not allow me to wait for such monstrosity.
1	Light is at Mandalay Bay; Contrary to some reviews on here you DO NOT get complimentary tickets if you stay at the hotel. My group purchased a suite at THEhotel (suites of Mandalay Bay) and their staff said they don't own the club, so they can't give or even discount tickets, fine. Similar to Brad F.'s review, my group of 5 girls/5 boys worked with a promoter Nicole to get bottle service; No cover, as long as ratio of boys:girls were equal. We got there early 9:30pm and there were two lines-- an all girls line, and regular line. If you have even one guy, even if you wanted bottle service or what not, you'd have to stay in the general line. After waiting two hours (and only reaching the halfway point in the general line. We were told that the boys would STILL HAVE TO PAY $100/each cover charge. BS! Really? Their site says $50boys/$30 girls general admission.I was so mad that we wasted so much time in line due to their lies, could have gone to a club I KNOW was worth going to instead of taking a gamble here.
4	a roomy club, easy to get around, you can see the lights/DJ from nearly anywhere in the venue. amazing dj lineup as well. a bit small though
4	Alright let's be real here. The clubbing experience is most fun when you're seeing an awesome dj, surrounded by the right group of friends/people, and drunk. I've been here twice and while I love the club for what it is, I didn't really enjoy the crowd here. Maybe I'm a little biased because I went during a busy week. Explanation below.We came here on the 1st of January (Wednesday) to see Alesso. ALESSO! He's damn amazing. Upon arrival at 11pm, the line was ginormous and wrapped around the whole damn place! Lucky for us, we had pre-sale tickets so the line was a tad bit shorter. The wait still took a while. Once inside, I was blown away with the whole production. There is only one main stage so if you don't enjoy the music playing , tough luck! I find the dance floor to be tiny... BUT, the cool thing is you're able to see the dj from wherever you stand in the club. I enjoy that because if you're like me, you only go clubbing to see a particular dj that you like so of course you want to be able to have a view of them! I also like how there aren't a lot of stairs, which is a relief for us girls in 4+ in heels. On this particular day that I went, you could barely walk, dance, or move anywhere. Go figure, it's New Year. The bartenders could also be a little more attentive. The best part was the LED lights and the Cirque du Soleil performances. It totally blew me away and put this club over the top. But I found the crowd to be sooo unclassy and rude. A lot of the guys there that night were just walking back and forth eyefucking the girls and shoving people around. It can get totally annoying when you could barely move as is and then you have all these guys slobbering all over you. Some people weren't even there for the actual music nor even knew who Alesso was! But I get it... it's the New Year crowd.The second time I came here was for Steve Powers. I have no idea who this guy was but my friends insisted he's not that bad of a dj so we went again on a Wednesday night. We arrived close to 1am and walked in with no line. It was on one of their slower nights so the dance floor wasn't as crowded. The dj turned out to not be so bad and since there was more room to move and dance, I had a blast. The crowd was also much friendlier and nicer!*TIP: have your cab driver drop you off at theHOTEL so once you step inside you're right there at the front entrance of the club instead of having to walk all through Mandalay Bay. Also, make sure you arrive early on the night of a popular dj (no later than 10pm) to avoid the ridiculous line!
1	Promoters lie and say they can get you in for free ... Not true! Make you wait in line for two hours!! And then charge you $70!! Not worth it at all ...
1	DO NOT GO TO THIS CLUB! We went on 1/18/14 with Zedd headlining.Me and 2 other friends (we were an all girl group I must add) decided to try out something new apart from our normal XS/TAO/Hakkasan routine, so we had our promoter get us on the guest list. Upon arriving a little before 10pm, we were greeted with a giant mob of people that the staff called the "line." There was absolutely no organization between guest list, pre-sale and general admission lines. I overheard someone saying they sold 1,000 pre-sale tickets and were trying to cater to those people first, an obvious attempt to ease their over-selling of the event. We stood in line for almost 2 hours (they're were others around us that were there for much longer) when we were told they were at capacity and not letting anyone else in. They didn't even announce it to the crowd; the only reason we found out was by breaking off the line and asking the bouncers at the front door. We ended up getting onto the list for Surrender (when we got to surrender we recognized alot of people we were in line with previously), our experience at Light pretty much ruined the night. It was a poorly organized cluster f*** and I'll will NEVER be back. I learned my lesson. I suggest everyone just stick to the main clubs that actually know what they're doing.
5	My new favorite club in Vegas!! Seriously, I've always had a good time here. I came here the weekend after Halloween (to see my fave Alesso) and yes it was crowded, but not insufferably crowded. Another plus is that when you're in the front near the dj booth, it's completely open!!! There's no railing or rope pushing you back away from the dj booth! Instead, there's just a bouncer (who's usually pretty nice) who's controlling the crowd. The cirque du soleil performances are pretty cool and also pretty trippy. The dance floor is pretty large, and the area upstairs also has some space to dance as well.  Overall, definitely worth checking out! OH TIP! If you're taking a taxi to get here, ask the taxi driver to take you to the garage entrance of mandalay bay! The club is right to the left when you enter from the garage. Save yourself the trek from the front of mandalay, especially if you're in your heels. =)
5	this place is pretty cool and definitely entertaining. From the dj's, dancers and cirque de soleil performers. visuals are amazing and staff strives for guest safety and cleanliness of the place. I came because it was my friends birthday and they had bottle service. everytime a better table opened up closest to the main floor they moved us closer and closer. overall, it was a fun experience. They even put "happy birthday Riza" on the big screen. good times!
4	Super fun and sexy club! Loved the Cirque Du Soliel performers when you first walk in and then when they actually perform... watch out, way fun! Great music, EDM style with some slight generic tunes mixed in. We were on the guestlist, got right in (go early!), I got couple drink tickets (yay), drink prices comparable to Vegas prices all over. Places to stand/relax and even set drinks down to dance when the floor was too busy. New FAVORITE nightclub hands down!!!
2	If you don't have a table here for bottle service, then don't bother.  Went here for Zedd and the line was absolutely ridiculous.  It was all over the place.  No ropes to separate the three lines (Presale, General Admission, Guest List).I am a guy.  How did I, along with 15 other males, get in before a group of girls (15+) in our group.  I shouldn't complain, but that's just the start.  We waited almost two and a half hours for the girls in our group to come in.  By that time, we were pissed and left.  A COMPLETE WASTE OF $100.  Why?  It was packed and our group was now separated and pissed off.The whole Cirque du Soleil thing was really nice.  Added a nice visual aside from all the lights and lasers for your typical EDM club.Would I come here again?  Probably not.
3	This club is probably the smallest one that I've been to in Vegas. I don't usually frequent the ones that aren't that well known, but Light has become one of the more popular venues. We decided to come here on my Birthday last weekend because BassJackers were playing and they were playing at a venue at home and our boys told us they were good. I am glad we made that decision because yes the music was really good and I had a lot of fun, despite what happened earlier that night, which is also why I cannot rate this club 4 stars. The bouncers are rude, unnecessary and doing way too much! We ran into a hometown friend who brought us back to his table on the lower level, left side. The tables on that side aren't small at all but this group did have tons of people. I understand why we were booted and all but why was it necessary to tell the guy who tends to the letting in of the area, that we were basically banned from coming back in and he was yelling at us like we did something wrong, when in reality all we were doing was chilling and dancing and having a good time. None of the people at the table said anything, the bouncers did it on their own will and were just so rude about it. We left like they asked but they still decided to be jerks about it. This club is way too tiny.... I wouldn't come here unless it was someone I absolutely had to see. I must give props to the performers and the visuals.
5	My favorite Night Club in the city. My experience may be different than the average tourist, since I go The Light Vegas mostly on Wednesdays because I work on the weekend, but entrance is always free for locals and not as crowded as other clubs on Thursdays, so I can't complain about guestlist problems or expensive entrance costs. As for the club itself, I love the setup, the main bottom floor is huge, and there are places to stand around the edges on the upper floor if you just want to see the DJ or the crowd. The "Light" show is very impressive, lots and lots of lights and the wide screens add to the ambiance of the club.The Cirque du Soleil dancers are amazing! Everytime I come here they have different dance routines and costumes. As for the bar and drinks, expect the usual Vegas price range...expensive. There was one night where it was open bar before midnight, so that was fun. All in all, my favorite nightclub to have fun at!
4	Apparently this is a new club located at Mandalay Bay. WE were on the VIP list so we surpassed the looooong GA line & went straight to the front & paid nothing :) It pays to be a group of girls in Vegas. Upon getting in we circled the club to get a feel of it. Then while we were walking up the stairs from the main dance floor we were pulled by a couple of guys who had a booth & wanted help to finish some their liquor. We obliged because they didn't seem like creepers. The security guards don't like it when your're barefoot on the carpet because it's disgusting so they'd much rather have you dancing on the cushions of the booth or the area on top of the booth. This club is EDM on Saturdays; FYI!They're into theatrics. Like at certain times of the nights they have people in costume go around where the booths were.They started to clear the club around 4am, not sure when they closed since we left at 4.Altogether, if you're into EDM... this is the club for you!
4	This is a pretty fun place. We had table service, so this review is a bit skewed towards that experience. Can't speak for the experience if you just do cover and don't have a table. The vibe in this place is great. It was a Fri night and was packed. They had all sorts of people in weird costumes, and I feel like that's the new thing these days. They had go-go dancing girls and people doing trapeze type acrobatics above the dance floor. The layout reminded me a bit of The Bank at The Bellagio. However, this definitely was bigger and had a much better vibe. The big wall of screens had really cool abstract stuff on it all night - kinda like a cool screensaver. The reason for my high rating is for the great job the security guys did at the tables. I wish I got the name of our dude, but he was doing a great job making sure areas were clear for people to move, yet, whenever any one of our group wanted to dance near the railing, he was very accommodating. It just made for a comfortable experience, even though we were such a big unruly group. It's service like that, that will make people come back. I tipped him a $20, and he was so humble and appreciative. It really is one of the hardest jobs at a nightclub in Vegas - keeping order, yet allowing people to have fun.
5	We came this past Friday night for Krewella. Great venue!I love the whole walls full of screens for light shows. And the dance floor was big, perfect for our group.AND we got two free drink cards. Sure they were only for vodka, but that's my favorite anyway hah. I loved our night here. I will definitely be back.
5	It was a new awesome experience!! Cirque du soleil with ZEDD together that night was off the hook!! One awesome experienced!! The only bad part was the line was hella long for the Guest list! I should've listened to my promoter when he said to be early! lol At 9:30pm the line was ridiculously long!! lol wrapped around the whole inside of Mandalay Bay, but you know what?!!? I was we'll worth it!! The staff was very helpful and well mannered!! Will definitely hit it up again!!
5	So I'm going to start this off by saying that a friend got us in the club with no cover charge and no wait time, but I digress. Light was one of the highlights of coming to Vegas. I went to Hakkasan earlier, and although it was good, there was nothing mind blowing about it. Light on the other hand, was just amazing. Even though it was smaller than Hakkasan, it was a lot more open making it seem more spacious. The show was amazing as well, from the Cirque de Solei  dancers that came down from the ceiling, to the huge LCD panels and strobe lights, it was amazing. Sebastian Ingrosso was playing that night, but I felt that the bouncers seemed to control the crowd well where everyone inside had enough time to get drinks and get situated before getting flooded with people. Granted, again our group got in ahead of everyone, but when we left, there was no line outside and the club didn't appear to be overly packed.Yes, drinks were expensive ($10+) but they were strong, and seriously, it's a high end club. What do you expect?Overall, if you like listening to EDM, I would highly recommend going to Light.
4	Haven't been to many Vegas nightclubs but this is the best one so far. Seems somewhat difficult to get in fo freezies but that's up to your promoter I guess. #samsonPrice aside, the three levels of action is cool. Cirque du Soleil performers are cool. The people are pretty cool in general. Can't speak to much more than that. Cool place. Can't really say why I like it so much, but there are no major reasons not to like it vs. some other places so that's a win. Get there early or pay...
4	Not the clubbing type but really enjoyed myself! Big dance floor and great crowd. We saw the Stafford Brothers and all I can say is WOW they know how to throw a party! We had a table and enjoyed great service. The super cherry on top was Cirque. Amazing performers and acrobats really added to the awesomely fun ambiance! If you're looking for a place to party, this place will give you a night you wouldn't regret!
5	Hands down one of the best clubs in las vegas. Staff there is amazing. All the guys and ladies kept reassurring us we would get in fine. My group and I arent stuck up asian who think the whole world should revolve around them so waiting in line for 15 mins wasnt the end of the world. The check in girl was so nice and also the guys working the ropes. When I read the review of other people, it made me wonder how stuck up they are. Let the people do their jobs and if you could do it better them, work there. But since none of you will, let them be. Also your promoter should tell you things, if not keep bugging them so they will tell you. Another thing all you spoiled  young children There was a time no one got into a club free. So be thankful. This new generation of clubbers need to learn etiquettes. Thank you Light Staff you made our weekend unforgetable !!!!!!
5	OMG! My night was so awesome!!! I went for a private party and my night was insane!!! Cirque was so cool! I can't decide if my favorite part was when all the performers were dressed as mermaids swimming through the air or when they were astronauts! My only complaint was that I am so sick of EDM- blah! Give me some melody to swing my hips. Enough of the jumping up and down!I've heard from other girls that have been here that they felt like an escort when they went here. Some girls were fast tracked for quick entry while others had to wait forever to get in.  When they got inside, they were shown to a table to sit with some random guys and when they didn't hit it off, they were escorted to another table to entertain another group of dudes- I hear it was creepy... But I wasn't there that night.
4	I feel like I've been here enough times to finally write a review.  As far as Vegas clubs go I think the only thing that sets Light apart is that they have the Cirque du Soleil acts which are pretty entertaining to watch whether you are sober or stumbling over drunk.  There's no outdoor portion like marquee or Xs but the dance floor is way more spacious than Marquee or Xs.  You can actually dance, sorta.  Light is located inside Mandalay Bay.  There are generally three lines, guestlist, bottle service and presales.  When you first walk in there is usually people dressed up in extravagant costumes greeting you.  Coat check is to the right by the exit.  You go up a few stairs to get to the actual club.  Don't forget to take a picture in the seat swing that they have towards the front.  Light to me kind of looks like a warehouse with huge screens and lots of lights.  I liked Light more when they opened up the upstairs/second floor balcony area.  The first few times I went they had it open but recently they've been closing it.  The club is a huge square with one bar and bottle service surrounding the dance floor.  The dance floor is at the bottom with bottle service ascending up from the dance floor.  Security here is excellent, one time when I was here a fight broke out and security broke it up within seconds.  Drinks are normal Vegas prices but luckily for girls they give you 2-3 drink tickets for signing up with their email list, valid on wells drinks only.  From what I know, girls are in free and guys are free if it's a 1 to 1 ratio depending on your promoter.I have always had a good time here and it is worth visiting but in my opinion they do not always book the best DJ's.
3	Ah the Light.  It definitely wins the distinction of being the flashiest and most intricate club I've seen on the Vegas strip but does style win over substance?   With a pre-paid ticket (was around $30 for the night), the line/security weren't too bad.  Look for the venue past the buffet near the bigger restaurant area (believe it's near the parking garage as well).  Coat check was $5 as well near the entrance on the left side.  Come into the club and you're first greeted with a cage and a seat inside.  Look to the left and you'll see the pretty comparatively large dance area.  It's a nice-looking dance floor that doesn't have tables intruding too far into it like other dance clubs along with being flanked by a main bar in the back and smaller bars (seemingly closed off) on the side.  There also is a balcony area that is seemingly reserved for staff. The coolest part of the club is the presentation.  Behind the DJ and all around him are beautiful screens that protrude light effects, images and smart design.  When you're on the dance floor and looking up, it seems like all the images and lights are flowing through you.  How awesome if this extended to the floor (Although seemingly pricey and hard to manage I'm sure).  This alone makes the club pretty visually better than most others but mixed with this are the Cirque performers who come out about every hour or so to either do some acts around the dance floor (or even above) or even behind the dance floor when the screens go transparent.  It's a really cool effect.  There seems to be some sort of lore going on with a weird giant king/throne and his angels but perhaps that's for the hardcore fans.  My problem with the club came mostly in the music and the crowd.  The music was 'okay' the night I went.  It was unfortunate as it put a damper to some of the cool visuals.  Also, the crowd was undoubtedly older this night - not sure if the audience is like this every night the club is open but I thought it was interesting at the ratio of people over 40 to people under 40 - at least from a casual glance.  An additional weird side effect is the Cirque acts themselves.  As cool as they were, they really did distract from the DJ, the sets and the dance as people would stop to look around.  Definitely a matter of taste/preference but at least personally, I wouldn't be sad to see the acts decrease or stop, especially with the main DJ.  Of course, drink prices in clubs are ridiculous so be wary.  Nothing new.  The Light Vegas is a cool venue spot, especially if you're looking for something to do more than drink and dance.  However, the crowd that we came in with was a bit more on the older side and the music that night was simply okay.  We'll have to see on another trip if these observations still hold up but at least for now, the Light is a cool little club venue.
4	If you want to hear "unce unce unce unce" 24/7 then go here. If you want hip hop and what not forget about it. The place isn't that big compared to other clubs, but it does have pretty cool special effects that makes you go ooo eee ahhh..Luckily I got in for free, but even then I don't think this is the club I'd first pick when I visit Vegas.
5	YES!! This venue screams V*E*G*A*$! From the magical *'*LIGHTS*'* that are perfectly choreographed & synced with the mind-blowing music...to the ***Cirque de Soleil*** performers to entertain your evening...to the sexy & attentive cocktail waitresses with bras that light up...You will definitely not regret dropping in :)) orrrrr dropping a pretty penny for a good table with a clear view of all of this AMAZINGNESS! ^ that was a mouthful...& it still doesn't do this venue justice. (: Go. Enjoy!
4	Amazing way to end a Friday or Saturday night in LV. They have incredible sound, strong drinks and a killer lineup of DJ's. You can also valet your car for free most nights as long as there isn't a huge show at the Mandalay arena
3	LIGHT= Good club but I reserve my 4/5 star approval because I've enjoyed better in LV. However that's relative to what appeals to you so here's my honest evaluation. 1) SIZE- Small club but not overly crowded, which I loved because I didn't feel like herded cattle. I had room to shake it on the dance floor & no one spilled a drink on me (added bonus) 2) AMBIENCE- cool lighting. Enjoyed entertainment of dancers & mini performances throughout the night. 3) MUSIC- Dum dum dum dum.... You get the idea. It was all electronic house, which I like but after 2 hours of it I was sooooo over it! I was dying to hear hip hop/ top 40 songs mixed in there. 4) DEMOGRAPHIC- older adult crowd the night I went. Not the newbies 21 year olds. Lots of guys and people smoking on the dance floor (yuck)
4	For the first time, I went to Light on a Saturday night and my group (4 girls and 7 guys) got bottle service. Our table was upstairs facing the stage right in the center. Awesome spot. The dance floor seemed bigger than XS/Marquee/Hak. (yay). Awesome light shows!! Entertaining Cirque de Solei performers!! I'll definitely come back here again. So why not 5 stars? I don't think there was any outdoor patio... or maybe there is one, but I never noticed it because I was too drunk to walk around the club and just sat and danced at my table. This club is definitely one of my top 3 Vegas Clubs.
5	Yes yes yes I'm a fan! I was very happy with my first visit at this club. Being from LA, I have been to quite a few comparable places as well as places like XS and Hakkasan. Wow it was so much fun and really an easy smooth process.We had pre-sale for Sebastian Ingrosso, but he unfortunately wasn't able to perform. With everyone being upset, we found out that we could either get our refund or we would be granted an entrance to any future Sebastian Ingrosso performance of our choice. We were also allowed a free entry for the night. That wasn't a bad deal although it was something I, as well as others, were looking forward to. We went inside fairly quickly, no hassle, no search, just stamped and went in!The venue isn't bad. They have an upper area where there's a bar and the restrooms. There is also a path to go into the bottle service area. Bottle service was run well and it was not overcrowded for us at all.The performances here are pretty interesting to say the least. You really get a whole different element when you come party at this club with crazy acrobatics going all around you. This club is definitely worth checking out!
4	Came here President's day weekend and it was packed. Thanks to Kenny L. we were able to get in pretty quickly (20 minutes) and without cover charges ! Yay! (why is this amazing you ask? because we had 5 guys in our group of 9) Yes. It's practically a miracle in Vegas on a Saturday night of a 3 day weekend.The inside of the club was pretty nice, lots of lights (surprise surprise!) and acrobats in the sky. Music was dance-able to and the drinks were not too watered down. Girls get 2 free drinks before midnight. Kinda small compared to places like XS though because they don't have an outdoor area. BUT they don't have too many stairs (just 2 flights at the most I think) and that is the BEST part in my opinion lol. The worst part is the wait for the bathroom, which pretty much goes true for every single busy club everywhere. Other than that, would I be choose Light again next time? Sure, why not!
3	BRING EAR PROTECTION!Unfortunately, after over a year of ringing / hurt ears, it appears that the damage is permanent. Went there in September 2014 to celebrate & was on the floor for an hour. While they have healed a fair amount, the damage appears to be done. I can't express how much I wish we had brought or Light offered earplugs. We weren't even on the floor for an hour.Got in pretty easy, the drink lines weren't to ridiculous & the dance floor was fairly uncrowded. The staff was all very nice & helpful, no vibe or bs.To keep it short, bring ear plugs & pop 'em in if you're going to go on the floor. This experience has completely ruined something we both really enjoyed (live music).
5	Great addition to the Vegas nightlife scene. Cirque show goes on above as the DJ plays. Plenty of room during bottle service, and the best visual effects in town
5	Such a great club! There are performers and a huge tv to watch! If you're hot some rich man will buy you! I'm sorry, I mean he will buy a table and offer you free drinks so you can act like your inner Miley Cyrus!
3	This place is not for hip hop lovers or people under the age of 30. The club atmosphere is cool and the cirque du soleil theme makes it unique. The bouncers and the bartenders were pretty nice which is actually VERY rare. The graphics and visual effects were appreciated Drinks were kinda watered down but they were free for girls that night so I can't really complain. It's hard for me to rate a club that doesn't fit my personal favorites so I had to be fair. What we found was that the crowd was a older than us and someone celebrated their 50th birthday there....so....I'd say the crowd is for mid 30s and up....and the funny thing was the girls who come here are entitled and act like it but the guys are actually very polite. As a hip hop and r&b fan I would not come again.
5	All time FAVORITE club in Las Vegas! I have been here multiple times with multiple groups of people and it is always a great time!Reasons to L.O.V.E. Light:+ Super close to the entrance and taxi line at Mandalay Bay so you do not have to stumble through the casino at ungodly hour of the morning trying to find the exit+ Amazing performers performing acrobats all around you+ Great table service+ The whole club set up is great because all three levels face the dance floor. You do not feel like you are in a rat maze (Ahem...Hakkasan)+ Light displays and random art displays on all of the walls/monitors. Best club in Vegas!
5	The best club in Vegas, hands down. Acrobats are scaling the walls and ceiling, a dance floor large enough to actually dance on. The music is played to perfection. It'sMostly EDM with some splashes of hip hop. The line gets crazy long, make sure you get on a guest list and get there before midnight.
5	Great layout and I like how everyone is all in the same place. It is not a maze of hallways and stairs.
4	OHSHNAP I thought I already wrote a review for light but I guess not. I really like light, our promoter (RICK SUMIMOTO HOLLAAAAH !!) was able to get us comped dinner before at the steak house next door before we went clubbing but it was kind of a fail because the private event beforehand went SUPER over and no free food. But that's okay because no food babies at the club! woohoo!We got there pretty early-ish since we were expecting to get food but since it was a semi fail we got in early and we were handing like a bunch of drink tickets for our trouble (which wasn't really a trouble at all but whatever free drinks!)We get inside, have you seen all those girls that take pics in the circle chair in the cage? Yea. that's here. So pause for photoshoot lol and then you walk in and there's a bar across the wall on your right. The club looks like its in levels and you walk down to the floor which is pretty freaking small but if you stand there and look up the whole wall is just LIGHTS. .... you know. like the name of the club. lol. There's tables on every level which is sick because people won't block each other when people hella stand. Anywayss. I got hella messed up because we were there super early and it was my birthdaybiatch so I can do what I want. haha. Overall a great night from what I remember. I was texted to join a table but I didn't see it till the next morning(oops) when I woke up in my own bed (thank the lawd).
3	Went here this past Saturday night, was supposed to see Axwell but was replaced by Jayceeoh a couple days prior.  Still enjoyable.  I guess I'll just list off the things I can remember...- Showed up around 11pm and was able to get in quickly.  The GA line was very, very long, so as always try to get on a guestlist or grab a table or something for faster entry.- The club looked kind of like one big warehouse with three levels: the bar (just one bar)  on the uppermost level where you enter in, tables on the second level, and dance floor/stage on the third.  Most of the reviews here said that one of the pros of this club is that you get a great view of the stage from pretty much anywhere in the club which is incredibly awesome.  However, it also means that there aren't really any spots to step away from the music if you need a break unless you go out of the club.- The main attractions of this club are obviously the displays & the Cirque du Soleil dancers.  The entire wall behind the stage is made up of screens with crazy visuals that occasionally turn off to reveal dancers behind them.  The ceiling has screens as well so you can stare up at them while on the dance floor.  The dancers don't really dance for very long... there are stage dancers that dance on a pole by the tables every hour or so and then acrobats by the stage.  Still very cool to watch, and makes this club stand out from the others in my mind.- Dance floor was bigger/fairly roomier compared to most clubs.- The drinks were really, really weak.  Vegas pricing + weak drinks = wtf?- I don't remember if the entire club was carpeted, but the upper level (with the bar) definitely is.  This resulted in an extremely sticky and gross floor.- The crowd seemed a lot older (mid-to-late 30s and 40s).- Very few stairs, which is nice for the ladies who are not good with heels.  Hakkasan & Marquee are the worst offenders for this.- The club is right next to the entrance/valet/taxi line in the parking garage of Mandalay Bay, which is excellent.  No drunk stumbling through the casino without your shoes on.To me this club was alright.  In nightclubs, I prefer a luxurious decor and atmosphere as well as small places to get away in the club or an outside area.  If you take away the dancers and the screens in the club it just looks like a warehouse to me.  I am an EDM fan and Light tends to have good DJs headlining on the weekends so I will come back, but I won't spend money on their drinks.
5	Best club i have been in so far in the USA.!  Scratch that.... WORLD!!!!!!!  And I went sober too!!! I've always been a big fan of edm... And mixing that with circus de soliel ( however it's spelled) and rave lights made me feel naturally happy and energized. The people (at least when I went) were not douchebags. When other guys mistakenly hit on my lady and see me they actually apologize and wish me a good time. Maybe it's because the dress code keep these swagtard boys  out of the club.  Whatever it is I had a good time and I plan on visiting it whenever I go to Vegas. This time I will need a designated driver, a cab or a limo to pick me up
3	42 yrs old, been there, done that!!  It was funny to watch the wanna-be  "Ryan Seacrest" "bouncers" run around pretending like they were "important."  I was there entertaining entrepreneurs and investors  from the U.S. and Canada. Anyways, our bartender was very rude and for one margarita and one vodka tonic it was $35...so beware DRINKS ARE OVERPRICED!!!  We like to "people watch" but it was over crowded, very loud, and just not comfortable, so we left.  Would not recommend to entrepreneurs or corporate business people. Too many other venues in Las Vegas to spend your time and money!
5	I only give five stars if the place went above and beyond my expectations. Light IMO is not only the best club in Vegas but we have been here three times now and all three times we had bottle service without a glitch. Came and saw Nicky which I have to say was great as usual. Second time I had seen Nicky and both times were awesome. Next the venue itself had a great vibe to it and the layout is like a theatre type setting which made it that much better. We were seated upstairs this time and the view was still good. As I said the experience with the bottle and top notch DJs made light my favorite club.
4	Date & Time:  Friday March 28, 2014 @ MidnightLocation:  Mandalay BayCompanions:  Husband & His Two CousinsScene:  Groups of Guys in Open Collar Shirts & Girls in Short Tight Dresses + HeelsMusic:  EDMDecor:  Bird Cage w/ Swing, Amazing Lights Behind the Two Bars, Elevated Stages for Cirque du Soleil Performers, Elevated VIP Floors Overlooking The DanceFloor & DJService:  NiceImbibe:  Greyhounds Total:  $100
4	Light was an amazing venue to end a great spring break. The warehouse like feel and great viewing areas of the stage are a great contrast to the meandering walkways, stairs and hallways of Hakkasan and Marquee. Light had much better ambient lighting than the other two clubs as well; it makes it a lot easier to find your friends. Like all vegas clubs, alcohol is pricey, so I didn't even bother. The only things I purchased from the bar were water bottles; water was unfortunately not free :/ I'm not sure what other clubs use Cirque de Soleil inspired performances at their clubs, but it definitely added a layer of detail that really makes me appreciate the type of product the Light producers put out there. The acrobats on the harness running up the wall was definitely the coolest part, although others may prefer the girls hanging from bubble chairs and swings.There were two walls that really impressed me. Light's wall and effects are amazing with the screens going up to the ceiling and no shortage of confetti, foam and smoke. Lights and lasers were outstanding and never once was it dull or too repetitive. The other "wall" was the bouncer/security in front of the stage. He was really great at keeping the aisle clear for people to enter and leave the dance floor but wasn't trying to be intimidating at all. Thank you keeping the front safe and fun. Sultan+Ned Shepard was amazing. They absolutely killed it. Since this wasn't a rave, I'm not sure how different their set would be as they did play a lot of mainstream hits, both edm and other genres mixed in. Nevertheless, their energy was great and the crowd absolutely loved them. I will definitely want to check them out again, hopefully at EDC.The only real drawbacks I can think of really affects all clubs in general, overcrowding and letting in not necessarily bad people, but people who don't have much respect for the well-being of others. Even so, Light was an amazing experience and I will definitely be coming back to Light again.
4	The venue, LED wall, and sound system is top notch. There was actually quite a bit of space to move around in. There were fun acrobatics and Cirque performers at random moments. I recommend either getting a table or going with all females or arriving super early if you don't want a 1.5 hour wait. I will go again.
3	This place is small with about 2 floors and a dance floor. I think there were 2 bars, one of which was really huge thank gawwddd. Overall, had a fun time with my girlfriends. We were here on a Saturday for march madness, but I had no idea who the djs were. Plus: You get to see the actual acrobats and performers from the Cirque de soleil shows! That's awesome. The crowd itself was a bit older 30+ with some mixed youngns as well. 15-20$ drinks and 20$ entrance for girls. EDM music
2	Every thing in this club is amazing. The service, Dj and waiters are good but there is only one problem if they solved it, it will be one of the best clubs in las vegas the music is too too too laud. Im glad I'm not deaf after this night. I couldn't stay any longer.
4	This night club is an experience. I have yet to see visuals that awesome!! The place was wayyyy too crowded but I was just staring at the back wall and stage the whole time. The dancers were really cool too! Some were dressed as butterflies, animals, outer space creatures, etc. overall, really cool place! I'm not giving it 5 stars because if you don't have a table, you can't really dance around comfortably whatsoever.
5	I want to give a standing ovation and applaud to the Light nightclub in Las Vegas at the Mandalay Bay. What a great job you guys have done! Now, okay I haven't checked out any other nightclubs in Las Vegas besides Marquee and only know of all the ones where I live here in San Diego but going to the Light my first real night in Vegas besides the time I've went only for EDC ( on a Radom juggle between going to XS, Hakasan, Tao etc on a Friday night just getting in from our 5 hour drive) I have to say It was THE time of my life! It was only me and one girl and we were blown away! I walked in figuring we were going to pay because it was A - Trak and it was last minute that we went.. We ended up getting in on guest list for free and getting free drink tickets.. That is a ++ !! The bartender at the back bar to the far left  with the dark brown shoulder length hair was sweet and friendly with a great smile !! (I bartend too but at a small local neighborhood nightclub ) and she was awesome !! Great customer service great attitude ! I made sure for her to charge my card at least for a water bottle so I could tip her for the free drink tickets we got. The layout was PErFECt and for me a nightclub with a perfect layout will make me come back again and again! (Not like the horrible experience I had the next night when We pre paid our tickets to see my favorite dj Kaskade and ended up having to leave for it being over crowded and no real view of the stage since they blocked it off from half the room :( !! ) not to say I'm vain or stuck up (not at all, I'm mostly shy and can be self conscious ) but never have I been complimented and hit on (not in a creepy way) by so many guys.. (And I go clubbing a lot, or used to) it was really nice for a change! Lol. Okay that sounded silly, but still. I loved the dance floor I loved the huge LED wall and the panning view from above as well as the LED screens towering above you! The Cirque De Soliel performance and dancers were an add on to an over stimulating experience !! I don't know what more to say without typing an essay but Love you Light!! Mwuah** I look forward to my next Vegas trip again and seeing you soon xoxo
4	Best thing about this venue is the lights.My friends and I got a table here on a Saturday night.  A couple of us showed up late, sometime after midnight.  Although the Dj wasn't as big, the lines were still pretty long.  Luckily, we were still able to make it in.  I think the table service line was already over, but they still let us in without the bands, as long as our group showed their bands to show that we were with them.  We made it in the door quick.  When we got to the table, 2 girls were already out...thrown out because they can't hold their liquor in; they threw up at the table.  Nasty lol  I think another one got kicked out too.  Geez.The girls and I who came late started playing catch up and started chugging as much henny and vodka as possible.  I think we drank too fast.  We ended up ditching our table to hang out at other guys' tables.  It was a fun and blurry night.  I knew the music wasn't that great.  It seemed like jungle music sort of, but the drinks definitely made it better.  We called it a night around 5am while the guys we met headed to the club.  Some of the girls wanted to go but everyone was beat.
4	Raped by bottle service. $1850 split amongst 4 guys on a Friday night. That basically covered 2 bottles (vodka, whiskey), a "balcony" table, tax, another tax, and gratuity. We also had the server dance around our table by herself here and there, which was cool and a little awkward at the same time. We were prepaid through a promoter. A little more than what I wanted to spend, especially since there wasn't anyone ridiculous DJing here that night, but the in-house DJ here wasn't bad at all. Dance floor was a sardine can, basically shoulder-to-shoulder with someone else and then some.I guess the nice thing about bottle service is that you're actually treated like a human being. People make small talk with you, pour drinks for you, and make sure you get what you need. Still, we should've gone somewhere else cheaper in my mind. Also, the balcony tables here were away from the speakers, so you could actually hear and talk to people people inside a Vegas club. That was pretty amazing.
4	Strobe lights, darkness, women in costumes, VIP section, stairs ... ouch ... everything goes black. Remembered walking in but don't remember walking out.Must've been a fun night ... that's all I'm saying haha. Thankfully we had a promoter get us in because that line was ridiculously long.
5	If youre looking for an AMAZING night club for your night in vegas, dont look any further. Light is my FAVORITE night club in vegas for now :)You should hear me out considering I used to go to vegas about once a month.Now Ive taken a mini break from vegas overload :Pif you frequent EDM concerts, raves, and other events you'll most likely AGREE with ME!They have a HUGE, GINORMOUS LED screen that kind of reminds me of going to a rave. Staring at the marvelous light action of the screen is in some way hypnotic. With the EDM music going off, you'll find yourself moving to the beat. The club is split into four sections you could say. **bottom floor is the dance floor. It gets PACKED in there when it's at its peak hours. One huge PLUS about Light is that there are other places to dance and party other than the dance floor. **next is the VIP tables that surrounds the dance floor. They are somewhat more elevated than the dance floor so there is good visibility of the DJ, screen, and people dancing on the floor. In some corners, there are poles where you can pole dance. I, myself have swung around the poles and danced all night before :P **then there's the actual main floor that has the bar area, restrooms, stairs to the 2nd floor, and the entrance and exit area. You can also overlook the dance floor and VIP tables from here. However, it would be hard to dance around in this area. There are too many people moving about to get drinks, going from point A to point B, or using the restroom.**lastly, my favorite spot in the whole club. 2nd floor balcony. Usually most ppl dont come up here or stay long enough so it NEVER gets overcrowded. There's a bar and restroom up here too. The lines are relatively shorter for both compared to the 1st floor. So you could just stay on the 2nd floor all night! Best of all, you have a GREAT view overlooking the whole club. and the lights - you get to stare right at them. It's an EPIC view. it's the perfect spot to drink, dance, party. REPEAT.Usually a lot of good DJs come through so you will never have a bad time here!When I have come here, Ive come here with guestlist for girls - so it's free and it usually comes with two drink passes (limited to certain drinks). However, if you are purchasing tickets, girls are usually about $30? guys - $75? Something like that, but of course, prices fluctuate depending on the weekend and DJ.So if youre planning a vegas trip soon and you've never been to light, I HIGHLY SUGGEST you check this place out :D
4	Its ironic this place is called "Light", as there is a definite lack thereof inside. Like most clubs on the strip, it was packed and had a line snaking around the interior of Mandalay Bay. Use a VIP promoter to get in without any hassle, otherwise you're going to be in line for an hour or longer.Once inside you'll notice its dark. Really dark. It kinda sucked IMO, id like to see with whom I am dancing. It looked pretty big on the inside, but it was so dark I couldn't even tell you how big it was. The soundsystem was good, the laser/strobe light system wasnt as great as some of the other clubs (like Hakkasan) but it fit the venue. The Cirque du Soleil performers were cool, and the music was definitely bumping. The bar line was a joke. Standard Vegas on-strip club pricing ($40 for a few drinks).We did not stay long, but it just was not for us, I wont let that hurt its rating.
5	April 25, 2014Friday last minute plan to the clubs. Found an awesome promoter via YELP, and I don't know how I managed to do so, but I did. Girls and I ended up having a fabulous time. Obviously, we were madly drunk. I ended waking up in the morning with a HUGE bruise on my left elbow. Ha! Must have been one EPIC night.
5	Probably my favourite stop in Vegas. I've been to a lot of clubs but this is without a doubt one of the most memorable experiences I've seen. The lineup on arrival is pretty intense, but we showed up around 10 and made it inside through General Admission within a half hour or so. One thing that was weird, in all my years of clubbing, I've never had to pay tax in addition to a cover fee. On Fridays women are $20 and men are $40, but in total when coming in the door I had to pay $66. I'm not sure if this is because its in a casino or what, but it was surprising and just weird. Luckily $6 wasn't going to be a difference maker in whether or not I'd consider the night a successful good time.Musically, when we arrived the opening dj was playing a mix of midtempo including moombahton, glitch hop, trap, and a little bit of electro. I was expecting non-stop generic big room electro all night so this was a pleasant surprise. Don Diablo was the headliner that night, and he definitely stuck to the more generic and crowd friendly 4/4 sounds. Either way the crowd ate it up and the dancefloor was pretty rammed for all of the night.The good news is that even when the music got mediocre, there is so much going on that its still interesting. There is a constant stream of intense visuals and lighting, in addition to rotating gogo dancers in various spots in the club as well as magnified behind the big screens behind the dj. And of course, the arial acts via the Cirque de Soleil sponsorship the club has, come out a few times a night to do some cool and downright hypnotic routines.The bar seems rammed, but the bartenders know what their doing and keep the lines moving. Extra large props to the male bartender with full sleeve tattoos - he was on the end of the bar closest to the door which meant the largest influx of people but he was on point slinging dranks all night!As I read through what I've already typed, it may seem like it wasn't "knock your socks off good" and worthy of 5 stars, but the reality is since I knew what I was going into (lineups, expensive cover, expensive drinks, packed crowds) this place met and exeeded every expectation I did have, and will fully suggest that this is definitely the place to go in Vegas for the "big room club experience".
4	I have been to XS, Marquee, Lavo, and Hakkasan and I think I prefer the music here out of all of them. I admit that the Marquee and XS venue are way nicer, bigger and legit but in regards to a good mix of music, I like this one. The club is actually quite small so if you find someone and want to never encounter them at the club that night, then this is not the place for you. There isnt much space to wander and get lost or whatever so you will most likely see the same creeps over again. There is an upstairs for bottom service and more tables on the bottom floor. The DJ is on the stage and untouchable and people do not tend to dance toward the DJ here. They just danace in their groups and have fun dancing with their friends which is definitely a nice change.  There was one point where they played awesome music for a good 15 minutes with Beyonce and Lil Jon (TURN DOWN FOR WHATTTT) and that was the best. He did a lot of mixes so it wasnt entirely EDM which I really appreciate. There wasnt much space to sit so you are stuck standing all night ladies. Everone takes a photo in the bird cage with the swing so maybe you can sit there for a good 5 seconds. The crowd is mixed so you can get any flavor your heart desires. We got in line with a promoter at around 10:30 and had to stand in one line to the right of the club to retrieve a paper, then stand in line for the actual club. The line wasnt that bad anyway so it was all good. Plus, it was free for us. Our feet hurt and we are quite Barneys so we left at 12:30 ahah. Yes we are that hip. There was a huge line out the door since that is the time people get to the club but it was time to nap :)**TIPS**1) Get to the booth stand to the right to get your ticket. Then stand in the main line.2) If you like a mix of radio music and EDM, this is the perfect place. Those other clubs just have EDM and it makes my ears cry.3) Enjoy!
1	This club has honestly hired the most inept people. I was thrown out for allegedly throwing beer when I was 100% not even close to doing that. Worst club I've been to in Vegas and I've been to several clubs in this town. If you want to have fun here go to marquee or hakkasan for the love of god skip this abortion of a club.
1	Worst nightclub in Vegas. I'm appalled by their customer service. I've been a regular at Light and I have never been rejected by then because I wear "flats." Excuse me, I have been wearing the exact same pair of shoes to every other club and I was never rejected. The ridiculous part is that I was let in with THE EXACT SAME PAIR OF SHOES but got rejected the second time (an hour after). To the "head of the security department" of Friday, May 2nd, 2014, you are absurd. You give me no good excuses to give you guys business. You deserved to be fired for denying my rights to get into the club. I hope you get demoted or fired. I have never gave a business a bad review but congratulations, you guys are my first. If I could give you zero stars I would. Terrible. I would rather wait in line in Marquee for 2 hours than spending my money at Light. Get your shit together. thanks..
1	We were literally in light one hour ago and when we left to meet a group of friends that couldn't get in. They wouldn't let us in. Worst case of customer service. I would rather walk up and down the stairs of Hakkasan a thousand times before going back in light.
4	Wow and yes this new club is amazing you wish for sure have a good time here there is a show going on at the same time Live loud music great light show videos and all kinds of performance going on around you all night long dJs are most of time I've been there it's been a live DJ on stage it gets kind of crowded on the weekends but he clears out pretty fast it moves the crowd in now but it's always a good time don't let that discourage you the one thing I don't like it is $14 for a Coke with no alcohol the drinks are kind of steep but again you're there for the atmosphere and the dancing I'm assuming and meet new friends always good to check it out at least one time when in Vegas, but it is Vegas so splurge little if you can afford it, the cover charge is bit steep also like most clubs in Vegas, but I sure you you will have a good experience and good time the music is always top 40 our something you'll be familiar with go and have a good time you'll catch me there on on a Friday night most of the time have fun enjoy,
3	I suppose it's ok if that's the type of noise you want to hear! I personally like music with lyrics. Oh btw the floor is sticky nasty. I was like gross. And it also cost $55 for my husband and I to get I and his drink was 15. I will definetly try LAX next time!
5	I am a big fan of this club. The music was good, the crowd was friendly, the bartender's poured strong drinks, the Cirque du Soleil performers were incredible! All in all this club seemed to offer a lot more than most the other clubs on the strip. I went with a group of girls for a bachelorette party and we had a great time. We'll definitely be going back.
2	I could probably write a monologue and still be in line for this night club. Probably the worst line management of any club I've ever been to in Las Vegas, and I live here.Once you get in, it's awesome. But that may never happen, due to them combining both the guest list and general admission in one line, it's ridiculous. Xs and surrender, I get right in, no problems, smooth sailing. Here, the exact opposite.
5	Came here to see Avicii.  We came here around 1pm and the wait was about an hour.  Finally we got in and ordered pricey drinks.  A double shot cost $40.  Hmmm I should work the pool area haha jk...kinda.  My friends and I had so much fun and became so exhausted when it was time for Avicii to come out that I didn't even realize he came out.  All I wanted to do was sleep!  And so we left.  Oh well.  Until next time...
4	Definitely one of my favorite clubs in Vegas, but mostly due to the Cirque de Soleil infusion. It's so fun waiting to see who will drop down from the ceiling next! I believe there's a total of 3 bars inside, and service is pretty quick even when it's super crowded. Just a warning, the majority of this club is made of up tables, so unless you have a table reserved, get ready to be packed in! The dance floor is quite small especially considering the overall size of the club, so it gets CROWDED! But even if you aren't able to set up table service, this place is worth checking out!
3	Not sure how to rate this either,I went here first though (day before) Hakkasan. Music wasn't all great at first, but I got into it. Bar is crowded as hell, but I didn't get anything nor planned to.For me, but not everyone got the experience: You get cranberry vodka once you walk in, and it was the best one I had, not bitter at all. Delicious. Got in for free, almost had a table, but we came late. Doors don't open until 10:30, so get there early, but not too early. Have all your people with you.Guest list, just one line to check id.. you get in, they check your slip, and thats it. Mixed range of people, ATTIRE: trashy to the less trashy, bit classy.. (basically, you can kind of wear anything).----CREEPER LEVEL: (just from my experience),plenty.. Seriously when a girl says NO.. NO dude, what do you not get.. not everyone, but some of us are just here to hang out with our girls. And do not put your hands on me. P.S: if you can not hold your liquor, don't be swigging around spilling everything, guys & girls. Some crazy girl was annoying my friend the whole night.. Don't.. What I loved:STROBE LIGHTING!!!!! although it made one of my girls 'sick', but she drank a good amount.. so I guess too much content might be a bad mix.
4	The Light inside Mandalay Bay is beautiful! With multiple stories, go-go and Cirque de Soleil dancers, it's definitely a winner. This was our first stop on our VIP UNLTD (see review) club crawl for the evening and I was not disappointed (for the most part). The crowd was mixed & full of beautiful people, and the club itself is very easy on the eyes. The view from the 2nd story is awesome and you're right next to the go-go dancers on the poles to the left and right. My only (and I mean ONLY) gripe is the music; it's all EDM. Not one hip-hop song was played the entire hour we were there unless it was infused with that fast-paced, fist-pumping junk. It's cool for a minute to get you amped up, but it gets old after awhile when you want to dance to some good stuff that has an actual beat. But that's just a matter of personal preference. The music is the only thing that will keep me from returning here. Hip-hop lovers and dancers, stay away. All in all, I'm a fan of the Light! Hit this place up if you're into the larger, busier club scene! The views from every angle here are dope!
4	I really enjoy coming to LIGHT in Mandalay Bay! Everytime I come I can feel that AC! hahaha HATE when clubs are cheap and  do not turn the AC on. The stage where the Dj plays is awesome with the back drop of screens from the floor to the ceiling makes it a sight to see! They dont call this club LIGHT without the crazy light shows! haha Its two stories and the club is long (width) wise. The only thing I hate is that upon letting people in they will take you either upstairs or downstairs and block the opposite floor till it gets busier and than they will open all floors. So retarded! Its a fun club, a lot of good looking people and the long bars on both floors. One of my favorite clubs to go to in Vegas!
3	I didn't intend on coming to Light, but a promoter randomly approached my group as we were walking through the The Venetian and we thought "Why not?!" This is seriously the only time I ever give out my phone number to random strangers.I placed my name on the guest list by texting the promoter. We arrived right before 11pm and got in with no problem. All you have to do is show security your confirmation text to receive your wrist bands and free drink tickets (I got 2 for my birthday!). The club itself seems pretty large with two stories and a medium sized dance floor on the ground floor (just be careful navigating down after a couple drinks). We came on the evening of 5/3/14, with Ingrosso as the guest DJ so the music was more of an electric vibe. Sound system was really good and you can still hear the music clearly from the second floor. I really liked the light show inside and did not feel that it was too dark...in fact it could stay a bit darker sometimes. The Cirque du Soleil dancers in conjunction with the light show made this clubbing experience pretty unique.The drinks themselves were only so-so...I was slightly disappointed that you can only redeem the drink tickets for a vodka drink since I wasn't a big vodka drinker. I got a vodka cran and I mostly tasted the juice. They also charged $5 for water! You seriously can't give us a complimentary glass of water & ice? Compared to my previous experience at Tryst, the drink offerings definitely paled in comparison at Light.Overall, if you are staying in the south end of The Strip, then Light would be a good place to check out if you don't want to deal with cab fares. Logistically this was perfect for my party since we were staying at Excalibur and we could easily walk down to Mandalay Bay without killing our feet. And Excalibur, Luxor, and Mandalay Bay hotels are all connected so you don't even have to walk outside. If I'm in the area again, I would come back here or check out Hakaasan (but pregame beforehand).Other things to note:- Even with a promoter, guys will still have to pay ~$40 to get in
5	True Vegas Experience! 5 stars throughout! Favorite Vegas club. No other club I've been to comes close.  I've seen the LIGHT! It's a perfect combination of a posh upscale club, Cirque du Soleil show, Light show and classy pole strippers who can work that thing!  Very impressed!  If I had strong legs like them I'd use it to choke my lame co-workers on finally living on the edge with me and drag them out of their darkness and into the Light. NIce job ladies! The club goers are friendly as well.  The night I was there everybody was nice to each other and not snooty at all. Very nice change of pace.  The talented Cirque artists twirl, twist, turn and display their awesome skills above and on the stage. INSANE beautiful and lovely! They're like living art! This club has modern edgy visual art on the biggest LED display screens in any club I've ever seen. The lights and lasers show is insanely paired well with the best EDM, Dub step, Drum and Bass music.  The entire club was in unison and on beat!  You get randomly hit by cool puffs of air, confetti cannons and snowflake foam bubbles.  Then the LED screens become transparent and there's a parade of sculpted bodies and beautiful characters striking poses in front of a live camera then blasted right on the big screens.  So entertaining!         Came for best sister DJ Team KREWELLA!! Hella Bad@ss!  I've never ever seen guys run a dj set like the gals can!  Cinderfellas!  Peep out how they run their Dj set.  I had a workout just watching them! Way to go to keep Krewella on rotation throughout the year!       Shortest wait time ever for a Vegas club. There were intimidating lines at first but I walked to the end and was inside the club less than 10 minutes.  Short easy stairs inside.  There is a bird cage with a swing.  Fun to capture the night with whoever you meet or are with. The layout is just right. Where ever you are you have a great view of the stage.  Best employees! Courteous bouncers. No long hike up steep stairs.  Best sound system! Sounds better than concerts I've been to. Constant workers cleaning up the place keeping it pristine even cleaning the poles after a pole dancer does her thing.  OMG then there was a hip trendy chick on a rocket toting a huge bottle of happiness! Put LIGHT on your must do list!   KREWELLA! Can't wait to bask in your LIGHT again Mandalay Bay! This is how a club should and suppose to be.  Not one bad thing I experienced. Top quaity Vegas glamorous night.  They treat every patron as VIP.
5	3 floors to explore and lots of room to dance throughout the club if you don't care about being in front of the DJ. My friends and I went to see Alesso this past weekend for Memorial Weekend and it was definitely a memorial experience! I can see why there are TONS of people in line for this club! Amazing lights and screens even on the ceilings! VIP tables galore... It was hard to meet up with friends at different times, but if you don't mind splitting up, then it shouldn't be too bad. :) Guest list closes by midnight and the club closes by 4am!
5	I've been to clubs all over the world, Paris, Seoul, Quito, Shanghai, Taipei, NYC, and this place is that next level shit. If it's an experience you want, a blown mind is what you'll get. It's the MC  Escher of nightclubs, it'll change your reality of the club experience. The DJ is absolutely legit, the dancers and entertainers are top notch. The volume is just loud enough to enjoy but won't obliterate your cochlear. Overall the best club in Vegas, hands down.
1	DO NOT COME HERE. THE SECURITY GUARDS ARE RUDE. I would've given this place 5 stars for having a cool ambiance. But a security guard grabbed my ankle and pulled me off when I was standing on a ledge to make way for a dancer.  I got HUGE scratch on my thigh because he yanked me off. I DID NOT appreciate being manhandled like that.  There are more appropriate ways to handle things like this. Grabbing me and yanking me off was not ok.
5	Apparently this is currently THE best nightclub in Vegas, so I just HAD to go here.It was my first trip to Vegas as a 21 yr old & also my first 21+ club experience. I had an amazing time!We got on guest list & got in for free. They were also giving out VIP wristbands to females so I got complimentary drinks at the bar until 1AM. (Limited selection of drinks of course).Loved the Cirque Du Soleil performers they have dancing from the ceiling, flying across the ceiling, dancing behind the projected screens, etc. The club caters to the EDM scene so if you're not into EDM I don't think you would enjoy the club as much. Dimitri Vegas & Like Mike were DJing the night I went & they had an amazing set!Overall I loved the whole atmosphere of Light! The effects were amazing too! The place is very well ventilated, although it does get kinda hard to breath if you're in the middle of the dance floor. But they do have those air blasting things that go off every time the beat drops so that helps you breath hahahaMake sure you get there early! Went on a Wednesday night, got there at 10:45 & the line was backed past the casino bathrooms! I just got really lucky & got the opportunity to come to the front of the line & into the club by 11:30PM. Had I actually waited in that line I don't think I would have gotten in.Can't wait to come back!
1	DO NOT COME HERE! SECURITY GUARDS ARE VERY RUDE AND VERY DEGRADING TO FEMALE FOR NO REASON. THEY THINK THEY ARE BIG AND MIGHTY! At about 1am I decided to go on the dance floor to dance with my niece and as we were dancing on the dance floor, someone decided to throw money in the air and make it rain. Out of natural reaction we reached for it along with other people. Of course most of it fell to the floor so natural reaction was to reach down for it. As the both of us reached down for it and were collecting the money I suddenly heard my name being called out and I glanced up only to see my niece with her hands behind her back being escorted out by a huge bouncer. I attempted to stop him and ask what was going on but instead I was also getting escorted out. I continued to ask why we were being asked to leave and they wouldn't tell us anything. I explained to them that we had to at least get the rest of our party or let them know and they rudely told us no that we needed to leave. Mind you in our group were her father and mother and my husband.  They escorted us to the underground exit or tunnels of the club were they continued to harass my niece and me. They refused to allow us to make a phone call, they refused to allow us to stop, and they continued to push us down hallways. By this time it was no longer the bouncers. It was security and they were white, disrespectful and rude security. I have bruises on both of my arms from them holding are arms so tight and her wrist hurt from how hard they were grabbing us. We continued to ask why we were getting escorted out and where to and they continued to yell in our faces telling us to just keep walking and to get the f*** out that we were no longer allowed to be there. I simply wanted to know why and wanted to alert my group. As my niece attempted to get her cell to make a call they yelled in her face as if we were endangering them and as if they were not talking to woman. I will admit by this time I was in so much rage because I felt so disrespected and felt abused and violated by them that I started to use self defense to make them stop holding us so tightly. What really pissed me off was as I attempted to tell them I was going to report them for mistreating us and they told us we couldn't because we didn't know their names. On purpose they would cover their names so that we could not see them. Finally they lead us to the parking structure where by this time our group had now found us and her father and my husband run up to them because all they could see was 6-8 security guys yelling and holding onto our arms as they dragged us out. Of course their natural reaction towards the security guards is to confront them. My husband and her father then asked what we did wrong and they continued to repeat it didn't matter and that we needed to get the F*** out. Over and over again they wouldn't tell us what we did or why we were getting kicked out and screaming at us in vulgar words. At one point one of the guards told me he was going to read me my rights and arrest me and I said please do because your going to have to let me know what I did wrong and at that point he takes out a card and says your wasting my time just fu**en leave. Why didn't he know his rights? Why did he have to read them off a card? It was such a mess by this point that it was worthless to continue arguing but as they told us to get in our cars we explained to them that half of us couldn't because we hadn't drove and then they began yelling at us and telling us then why did we let them take us to the parking structure. They then refused to allow us to go to the taxi line so we had to end up walking onto the strip and catch a ride at the next hotel. This was the worst experience I have ever had anywhere. I have never felt this verbally abused and mistreated and now I'm left with bruises on my arm as a result of those security guards. I have placed calls to Mandalay Bay and The light and I'm awaiting calls back. If there are other girls out there who experienced the same treatme
3	Probably my least favorite club I have been to in Vegas! Here are the reasons why:Venue: The dancefloor was so small and everyone was packed together like sardines. How can you call this place a club if there is no room to dance ?!! Bartenders: My friend went to the bar to get me a AMF, and she came back with a drink that was white!!! I tasted whatever she handed me and the thing was completely watered down. I could not believe I paid $18 for that! Bouncer: My friend felt light headed so I rushed to the bar to get her water. As I made my way back downstairs towards the stage, the clubgoers would not move even after I explained the situation. I asked if I could walk behind the bouncer to get to my friend faster and he pointed at the crowd. I was so pissed at this point so I just started pushing people out of the way.Highlights:- the cirque du soliel aspect -fast guest list entry-- Memorial Day weekendThis review was based on my second experience here and it was definitely worst than my first experience. I am pretty sure I will be coming back because of my friends but this is definitely not on the top of my list when it comes to clubbing in Vegas.
1	This is for the front staff. There's a desk to the left of the entrance that we approached and asked about getting in. The Guido - looking guy was an absolute jerk. One question about how to get in, and he straight asked "cut the crap, what do you want?" For real?? We didn't asked to get comped. We didn't ask for favors. He walked to the door, pointed at it and turned his back. Justin, the bouncer, was so nice and apologized for the guys' demeanor. Screw this place. If I can't even get past the guard dogs, no thank you.
5	Light is by far the best club to go to! My absolute favorite. At one point I came every week. Unfortunately, there's a thing called WORK that I have to tend to. BTW my cell service sucks here, so HOPEFULLY you can find your friends!On a busy weekend, I can tell you that it becomes hectic and things just get a little messy. But honestly, what club doesn't?Let me tell you what is the best about this club. First of all, by far the most important, the performers! The lights on the ceiling and all the performers in the background, its just a different experience. The hosts and the promoters for Light have been the best I've had to deal with. I can say just about every single one that I've met has always been kind to me and I feel like i'm a friend, not just a client. MUSIC: EDM, if you don't like EDM don't come here. Strictly EDM unless there is a specialized DJ playing something else.DANCE FLOOR: So, since i'm only about 5' tall, I'm often stepped on, pushed, and trampled on. I'm not sure if its the crowd, or just how the dance floor has 3 sides of entry making it easy to get in and out of, but I have yet to have any problems with the dance floor! Although, I do recall that one time a bouncer crushed my toes because he was running after someone... but that didn't happen on the dance floor...ANYWAYS, JUST GO!
2	The first time I came here to see Zedd with my girlfriends, we weren't able to make it inside because the venue was overpacked. Why they sell more tickets and accept guest list for more people than the place can hold is beyond me, but it's Vegas and everywhere you go is trying to nickel and dime you.The second time I came here, I was smart enough to purchase tickets for Krewella on a Friday night which went for about $20 so it was reasonable. As always, guys have a pricier tag and my boyfriend paid about $45 I believe. This club is incredibly small and dim-lit. There aren't that many places to go here so I guess it's a good thing in case you get separated from your friends, but I just was NOT impressed by this club at all especially when I have so many other options to go to beautiful venues like XS, Hakkasan, etc. Another downside was that I could only find 1 bathroom in the entire place. I mean seriously... I had to wait 20 minutes to use the bathroom which is not an experience I want to endure especially if I have to go or my favorite song is playing in the background. For the amount of people they let in, they need to consider adding another bathroom or more stalls cause girls NEED these bathrooms especially after a long night of drinking and dancing, and what's with the stairs.. seriously.. I wasn't very impressed with the stage either when Krewella was supposed to come on. It was pretty average to me and I've seen more elaborate stages at other clubs and paid the same price or got in free. Overall, this is definitely not a place I look forward to going to unless someone I really want to see is playing here and even then I might consider just spending more money to see them on tour.
4	Love this club!! The cirque du soleil performers were the highlight of my night! Our cocktail waitress and busser was so friendly and extremely attentive. Love them!! Def will b coming back!! :))
4	A unique and awesome place.  I bought presale tix for Sat. night (6/14).  It gets you in very fast.  But I proably did not need to on this night.  The line was not too long.    Cirque du Soleil performers where all they were hyped to be, and there are a lot of light effects.  The bouncers were actually polite.  Drinks are vegas prices ($$$).  One girl in a group of girls got in wearing jeans, but overall the crowd was classy.   A very nice place, but I am not sure if it is all that it is hyped to be.
4	Been here a couple times.Likes: -The set-up of the club has different levels. This allows everyone to see the dj no matter where they stand in the club. -The light/picture effects as well as the performers are amazing. -Really high A/C.-Gone through a promoter every time and there has been no problems!Dislikes:-Dance floor is small. -There is no outside area to get fresh air.-Drinks are expensive. Recommend:Yes! One of my favorite clubs in Vegas!
1	RUDE People / Typical Vegas Night Club - only want you there if have money to blow!!! Don't waste your money!!! Border-line Biggets ..... beware. I don't recommend this place unless you are a wealthy white person!!!
5	M favorite club in Vegas...for now. I love all the circus soleil dancers, it makes the club magical!? lol..It's like partying and getting to watch a free show. Also the stage and lights of course, are amazing. I like how their are lights on the ceiling as well. The dance floor is pretty small, and gets crowded but what I like is that you can hang out by the bar, and there aren't security guards constantly tell you to move out of the way. There is also an upstairs but the last two times I was here, it wasn't open unless you had a table.The only downfall is that there are no places to sit, so girls when your feet start hurting, find a table to chill at or take off your shoes lol, no shame.
5	Never too old for a room filled with amazing lights and great music. Always a good vibe moment step in. What I love most is the layout, not to mention.. sweet magnificent dancers. Simply just makes everything so much more exciting, interesting and entertaining.By far my favorite nightclub in Vegas.
1	I still give this nightclub 5 stars... well maybe 4 now, but I had the worse experience ever with one of the cocktail waitresses when we got bottle service and this 1 star belongs to her. EVERYONE BEWARE IF YOU PAY CASH with bottle service!!! Our waitress was named Jaylee (or maybe Jamie, or Hailey.. not sure because it was loud). Our bill was $1740 total including the $200 tip that we ALREADY gave her. We handed her $1800 and she said "I'll be right back with your change." An hour later, I asked my boyfriend for change because I wanted to buy slippers in the restroom. He didn't have any change on him and realized that our waitress never came back with our $60. So he tells her "hey, I think you forgot to give me back my change" and I can tell he caught her off guard. She thought we were too drunk and forgot!. She tells us "oh um, let me get your receipt"Now we're determined to get it back since we know she's trying to keep it. She never comes back to our table, so we ask a different waitress (Ashley, who is really sweet) and tell her "Hey, we never got our change back" and she says she will ask our waitress.Our waitress comes back with $40 and goes "It's exactly $40" and my best friend and I say at the same time, very loud and clear "It's $60!!" And she asks us for our receipt THAT SHE NEVER GIVES US. WTF DUDE. SHADY AS HELL. Then we got confused cuz she never gave us a receipt. Then she RUDELY says "I can get you a receipt right now, but I'm going to tell you right now, I'm not going to take $20 from you guys" .... YEAH RIGHT, YA LIAR. I REGRET, REGRET, REGRET not saying "YEAH, I WANT YOU TO PRINT OUR MY RECEIPT AND PROVE TO ME THAT IT'S EXACTLY $40." We just let the girl keep the $20, for her no good service. We ended up giving Isaac one of the $20 that she gave back to us because he was actually constantly there for us all night long and deserving of extra tip.I still love this venue and I still love this nightclub, but my goodness that was some shady business and I'm really sad that this happened. LESSON LEARNED: just pay with your credit card.
1	Worst customer service and treatment of women. Each VIP  Controller was inappropriate when touching women and directing  us! I can't believe such an expensive prices for horrible service for women!
4	This club is wicked brilliant!! I loved the setting and freshness! No wait whatsoever! Amazing VIP table experience! Awesome cirque de solei (however that's spelled) dancers roaming the area. BE CAREFUL if you're quite pissed (drunk) and want to go to the dance floor, there's plenty stairs and you CAN fall. Wouldn't want that happening now would we? Fun club!
1	If you aren't in line by 10, avoid it. Its not worth the hassle. Line is super long, and the guy asked us four times "how many in your group?" before finally letting us in to the cashier area. They held the line for 1.5 hours before we got to the cashier area, just to raise the cover from $30 "reduced rate," to $66 when we finally got to the front. I know its Vegas, but come on... And if you think you're exempt because you're a girl, there was a group of six (good looking) girls and 1 guy right behind us, and they got the same deal. There wasn't even a good headliner on this night. Avoid at all costs.
4	This club was fun and had great music. The dancers and overall atmosphere and show they put on make the club a fun experience. I wish they had a bigger dance floor and overall lay out because it gets way to packed! Fun club though!
5	I have been here twice now. Both on Saturday nights. One was in 2013 for 4th of July weekend. A-Trak was the dj. I was with about 8 girls and 9 guys. All the girls got in for free and we got 2 drink tickets. The girls and I went to take shots and I guess a promoter or security thought we were cute and gave the girls a table for the night. We got 3 free ciroc red berry bottles. It was awesome. The second time we also had a table with some really nice people we met at a pool party earlier. Thomas Gold was the main dj of the night. He really put on a good set. The music had everyone dancing. The waitresses and bus boys are really polite and helpful! Great service both times. The inside of this club reminds me a high end underground warehouse. They have acrobats and trapeze people. Really amazing performers. I absolutely love this night club. It's a great place to be in Vegas! Even though it's not a super popular club In Vegas it is worth giving it a try.
4	You know, I actually like the simple layout of this club. It's not as enormous and spacious as Marquee and XS, and yes it is definitely a box. But it makes your life so simple because all you have to know is that anywhere beyond the center of the box is table service and that the center of the box is the dance floor. Crowd is very fun, and comprised of mostly college kids.Aside, apparently their drink tickets are only good until midnight and are only for vodka-based drinks (whyyyy). None of that is written on the ticket so you've been warned.
4	This place is really fun. They play good music and they have very good dancers with great costumes! I love the cage they have at the entrance of the club. I took a very good photo there. Lol. Overall, I had a very good time here and danced a lot with my friends.
4	Came by on a Friday night with Hook N Sling as the headlining DJ. At the recommendation of my buddy's promoter, we arrived promptly at 10:30 pm and was admitted complimentary for couples and reduced cover ($30) for the single guys.Inside, the club decor was nothing special. This is one of the clubs I have been to in Vegas that caters more to general admission than VIP bottle service, evidently with less VIP tables and a larger dancefloor/standing space.The acoustics and visual effects were amazing. Gogo dancers appeared on stage shortly before the headlining DJ came on stage.
3	The newest and hottest club in Vegas right now.  I was recommended here because my friend's cousin is a promoter here so yeah I jumped at the opportunity.I did not expect this place to be small especially the dance floor, it was super tiny. There is nowhere to sit! This is a major no-no for a girl in heels. No outdoor smoking so people just do it in the club and it gets pretty stuffy.  The DJ we had was a nobody and his transitions were just super awkward. My friends and I would end up just singing along or bobbing our heads awkwardly. Entertainment is top notch with acrobatics and cirque du soleil stunts.  That really got my attention. Oh and the big sumo man who is huge!  The projections were seriously something they can brag about. Very lively club. Not a bad club. They seriously need to make this place bigger though and get some damn couches.
4	omfg i dont even know what to say about LIGHT... I came here for NYE and New Years 2014... even though i dont really remember much from both nights LOL the parts that i do remember --- SOOo GOOOD.SInce it was NYE, girls couldnt get comped in, so we bought our tickets beforehand, so we were able to get in fairly quickly. We were there to see Sebastian Ingrosso, but i dont even remember seeing him at all LOL Anyways, we took pictures by the little red carpet shinding near the back and squeezed our way toward the front of the stage. I was not drunk enough to be suffocated by tall people and dance, so me and friend squirmed our way back upstairs and got drinks...... and more drinks... LOL and then the COUNTDOWN! ..and honesty i dont remember what happened after that but i made it home safe! NExt night, we went to LIGHT again! I was told if you had your stamp or wahtever from the night before, you can get in for free (sorry girls onlyyyyy heehhh). thanks to ANDY YI for helping us out and getting us in  (and discount for my guy friend). i was super ecstatic bc ALESSSOOOO WAS PLAYINGGG and i havent seen him live since 2012 at ILTC. I actually remember some parts of this night! We saw some Circus Soleil dancers up on stage before we started drinking at the bars and snapped some more pictures with random people and stuff and then joined a table in one of the top rows! YAY super awesome night too! Althought this place is a lot smaller than most clubs and isnt as popular as say, XS or Marquee, it's a lot of fun and the set up of all the bars and VIP tables are great! the LED screens are freaking amazng and the lights they used for Alesso's set was freaking awesome! ONE THINK THEY DONT HAVE HERE IS HENNESSYYYYY. ive asked every night at every bar they had there -________-. but they make some damn good jagerbombs
5	This club was a show all one its own!
1	I'm not sure how long this nightclub has been in business but they certainly have to change the carpet ASAP because it stinks!!! And since it's a tiny place the constant odor is uncomfortable. Plus, they need more attentive bartenders because I ordered two drinks and when I gave the lady my card to pay, she kept on swiping my card several times to the point that she blocked it and my card denied the transaction. She demanded the drinks back and one of it was still on the counter so she grabbed it and the other one was literally snatched from my boyfriend's hand!!! So rude of her because it was her mistake. I called the bank right away and I was told that my card was put on hold because I had 8 transactions of 34 dlls from the MB light club, so the card went thru but I guess that since the bartender was in a rush to help other customers, she didn't let the payment process and kept swiping my card over and over.... So watch out for your credit card charges at this place because apparently they're payment system is very slow or maybe is just the bartender or probably both!!!
3	I've always wanted to visit The Light Night Club because it's one of the newest clubs in Vegas. Finally I got the chance to visit in July. It was also my first visit to Mandalay Bay and the hotel sure was as fancy as other nice hotels. It wasn't hard to find the entrance and met up with my promoter, she was one of the nicest promoters I've ever met in Vegas! The line wasn't very long and we got it right away. There are stairs leading you to the venue after entering to the club. Cool LED lights along the stairs and I think they were purple-ish (I couldn't remember now). We saw this cool cage-like swing chair where a lot of people were lining up and taking photos, we did the same and it was fun! However its hard to get a great photo because the chair was swinging. It sort of blocked the entrance too when people started to line up. It was very crowded on Friday night, mixed crowd and the dance floor was packed! It was very hard to move around at the dance floor. We were there when Stafford Brothers performed, not my type of music but they made the crowd high, so I guess they were pretty good. Surprisingly a dancer/performer was hanging on the ceiling and did graceful movements in the air, this definitely was the high light of the night! Very entertaining that's for sure. I was disappointed that the club is smaller than I expected, no place to sit or rest, and it was hard to walk around where there were so many people, but why do I complain? It's Vegas and I should've known that. Anyways, I have high expectation for this place since Alesso residents here but I doubt I will come back. The Light Night Club and I just didn't click, sorry.
1	The DJ was terrible - nice attempt to my house music and radio hits .... But the short play time on each track didn't allow anyone to get in a groove ... Ppl on the dance floor were talking more than there were people dancing .... ON THE DANCE FLOOR! Sign of a terrible DJ.... The cirque de soliei people were the most entertaining... I have been to this club multiple times... Tonight was horrible.... Good thing I didn't pay a cover or even worst buy a table like I usually do! If you did, I hope you got your money back. -this is only my second review on yelp and I only write reviews when something needs to be said .... Yeah it was that bad.
5	The visuals inside light are second to none. Led panels everywhere you look. The dancers and acrobatics are all cirque du soliel!
3	Came here one Saturday night around 12. It took about 35 minutes to get in being on the guest list. I was with a group of 6 girls so we didn't have to pay to get in. Once we were in we wanted to dance but the dance floor is soooo packed. Luckily we found a spot. We got some drinks and enjoyed the night. The DJ that was there sucked in my opinion but mixed in some pop songs that I liked. The staff is super friendly and they keep that place looking clean! I liked the little "show" they have. Also the sound quality and lights were very great. I don't know if I would come back but it was a good time.
5	If you're over 21 and you're a Cirque fan...don't miss LIGHT!! Brilliant club with powerhouse performances by Cirque du Soleil performers and some of the top DJ's. Keep you're eyes open all throughout the night because you just never know what could be going on above your head. Definitely not a club to be missed while in Vegas!!
1	Go somewhere else. Some of the female staff but 2 in particular were rude and couldn't answer any questions. The guy working the general line tried to make people get in a fake line to the side of the general admission line. The guy working the ladies only line was very pushy and in your face when you would ask him a question. "The promoters guest list" is really just general admission line.
5	Light Nightclub is one of the best nightclubs in Las Vegas. It really is out of this world. The service is great, the DJ is amazing, the Acrobats really put on a show! If you need a recommendation for a Top 25 Nightclub ... Light NightClub is the one! I absolutely LOVE this place.
2	I used to love this nightclub.. Great music, great vibe, but they have the worst door team. Some of the employees act as if you're doing them a favor by going in. It's a fun place if you don't have to interact with their employees.
2	So as soon as you walk in the front door your are thrown into a situation that feels like being in a group of salmon swimming up stream. I was there on a Friday night so not sure how it is any other night but this place was packed so much that I could barely breathe on the dance floor from the sheer pressure of people pushed up against me and just stood there bobbing my head somehow the guy next to me managed to get enough movement in to get his hand up my dress. I can't complain about two free drinks except for that you have to fight your way to the bar to get them and it's limited to vodka only. The music wasn't all that great, same beat all night long with a few snipets of familiar songs thrown in the mix.The worst thing is the ladies room is by the front of the club so you gave to fight your way through all the incoming traffic to get to it. People here are rude and they don't keep a clear walking path so you really have to be pushy in this place, my motto for this place. "Chivalry is dead". The reason they didn't get one star is it was fun to see the cirque acts. If they didn't have that going for them they'd earn themselves one star.
4	LIGHT is a great venue. It's one of my favorites on the Strip.LIGHT lives up to its name, the Lights are beautiful. Go for your favorite DJ. Cirque De Soliel acrobats behind the stage, on the stage, and above your head. Literally, the acrobats will drop down and be a couple feet above the crowd. It's quite the show. Definitely, an exciting vibe compared to other venues. The only thing I don't like are the long lines. The pre-sale ticket holders and guestlist individuals are in the same line. Generally takes along time to get in, and guestlist closes at midnight. After midnight guys have to pay cover.
5	My husband and I loved, loved, loved Light. We are in our late 20's/early 30's and felt very comfortable with the demographics of the other clubgoers. There were patrons of all ages, ethnicities, styles, etc. The DJ was amazing and the Cirque du Soleil element was unique and mesmerizing. We arrived at 11:30 on a Wednesday and waited in line for about 20 minutes before entering. The drinks were expensive ($14 for a well drink), but that's to be expected. I had a fabulous time!!
4	Small rectangular nightclub in the heart of Mandalay Bay, hosting some of the best EDM artists I know of. Got in around 11pm on a Friday night and the floor was already packed and hard to walk around, so found a spot to hang out near the bar. I was amazed by the visuals and the performance by the Cirque Du Soleil performers/dancers that all tied together (even acrobats!!)... definitely an experience you won't get at any other nightclub! Ordered a Tokyo Tea and Adios for my cousins, both were probably about $18 each but such a small portion compared to what I've gotten at other places. Overall, awesome club but a little too packed.
4	The Light, located in Mandalay Bay, is small in size, but fun nonetheless.Came in with some relatives on a Friday night, and the place was packed. Dance floor was fairly small and extremely crowded. However, this shouldn't be a surprise; the venue itself is amazing. The spotlights, the grid/LED screens, the projected ceilings, the Cirque Du Soleil dancers-- it all adds up. The whole venue basically changes into a new Cirque Du Soleil act every 10-20 minutes, and it's pretty damn great.The Light mainly centers around EDM music and occasionally features top DJs. On the Friday we went, GTA was playing. Awesome set.Drink prices are pretty typical for Vegas nightclubs. Paid $18 each for a couple of cocktails. Maybe a dollar or two more than the usual nightclub, but Vegas is never cheap. However, their water bottles are $8. Yikes.Bartenders were nice and accommodating.Bouncers were friendly. They're not too aggressive (with people not giving them a hard time anyways) and do a pretty good job keeping walkways clear.Men bathrooms are surprisingly crowded. Weird, weird, weird.
4	Love everything about this club except the stage table. My DJ friends jokingly call it the dungeon. Great place to party!
4	Light nightclub is pretty cool :) I like the show they had for a bit with dancers on the ceiling. They're pretty talented! I also like how the entire wall has lights going on.
4	I was teeter-tottering between giving this place 3 and 4 stars, but i'll go ahead and give it 4, as if my review will ever be read or even matters to anybody. With that being said, i enjoy writing these worthless little reviews, so even if no one reads this i STILL win. BOOM. Light was fun!!! I got on the Chris Hornack guest list and successfully got in for free. Was in line for 30 minutes and was raging by 11:00 PM. The drinks were shamefully overpriced, the Cirque du Soleil acts were impressive, the dance floor was way too small, the carpet was sticky... and i mean really sticky. We came to see Krewella and they did NOT disappoint. I had this strange feeling that a large portion of Light's clientele was on drugs, which is never a real comforting feeling and with that being said (not to sound judgey) but the people this club attracts weren't necessarily the type of people i tend to be good friends with. They were the fist pumping, heavily intoxicated, quickly-snatch-up-a-girl-to-bring-back-to-the-hotel-room 'type' of people. Whatever, like i said i'm not judging. Regardless, it's easy to have a good time here and was well worth the time sent.*To the girl i sneezed on... i apologize. The dirty look and rude comment to my date was unnecessary but i understand where it came from. I did in fact cover my mouth, but you still got hit with it and for that i truly am sorry.
4	Self parking is so convenient here!   A plus when I'm wearing stilettos. Nice venue.  Great visuals as far as the dancing entertainers and video LEDs. THE COCKTAIL SERVER UNIFORMS! I would say my favorite on the strip HOT!  I don't like sitting at the table behind the pillars. Completely obstructs your view.
4	So maybe I just had my buzz going on, and was excited to be in Vegas (and clubbing for the first time in Vegas) that I had a grand 'ol time. The setup at Light is gorgeous, with the dance floor being more of a pit in the center, with tables up and around the dance floor.The music inside is strictly EDM, but I did appreciate that they threw in some hip hop into the mix. Not that big of a fan of EDM in general, really appreciated the ability to dance, and not just rock out like a maniac.Krewella was performing the night I was there and honestly, once they took the stage all hell broke loose. Everyone started cramming in together and jumping like it was a mosh pit at a KISS concert in the 80s. Ducked out there before Krewella finished their set.Bathroom? A little cramped. Basically the line goes right by all the sinks, with the bathrooms in the back. extremely overwelming with ppl trying to get out, ppl trying to wash their hands, and ppl waiting to actually pee.
1	We reserved a table for 6 people with 2 bottles of vodka and when we got there they brought us to a small stand up 2x2 table with no seating. They charge $1500 for that table - ridiculous. We made sure we were all set with James. Had confirmation and everything. What a nightmare...If you reserve a table at a night club shouldn't it come with a booth? Or seats? This is the first time we had to stand all night at a club while we reserved a "table" and purchased bottle service! We entertain a lot of neuro-surgeons and it's important we have our own space. The table we got was 2 feet by 2 feet, the ice bucket was so big we couldn't put our drinks down for a refill. After they put all mixers, cups and napkins on the table there was no room. We had bunch of people sharing "our" space, bumping into us, smoking right next to us. It was a disaster!The night club was ok, little getho. At 3:00am they finally got us a booth. We left at 3:30am.We will not come here again. Every time we entertain the bill is between $3000 - $8000 per night! Next time we will go somewhere else where they actually reserve tables. This was a huge let down plus it destroyed our feet (we were all wearing high heels so not being able to sit down was unacceptable).
1	Went to go see Krewella, one of the most amazing and entertaining shows ever. 5 Stars easily for the show. Why the 1 Star?Let's get into it. Bouncers. Half of these bouncers are on a stupid power trip. They rope off sections they doesn't even have the correct people who ordered VIP. The venus is stupid tiny, seriously, people were stepping on other folks shoes and the bouncers LITERALLY PUSHED PEOPLE DOWN THE STAIRS. Not only that, the gray suited bouncers, the supposed wanna be, ear piece wearing, power trip jackasses who thinks being a bouncer is the shit, we shoving people on purpose. They literally shoved me for no reason and I told him to relax, he replied in his whiskey drenched breath, "NO YOU RELAX BRO. I'LL KICK YOU OUT." Seriously, power trip much "little man?" Anyways, the bouncers were getting women drunk and harassing them big time. Girls watch out, before you get assault's by Mandalay Bay's Bouncers. I literally made an account just because of my experiences at Light. This club's venue is stupid small, the bouncers are on power trips, they push people down the fucking stairs, and if you talk back, they will kick you out, and assault your drunk women. Thanks but no thanks.
2	Heard this was a really cool place. Friday night, got on guest list and didnt have to pay, bonus, arrived with about 12 people, no probem or very long line to get in. Entrance included 1 free well drink for women. Entered and was greeted by some costumed entertainers, they were neat. Room was, a little small, but cool looking. Went to bar and the female bartender was very snappy and rude. Tip, women guest should use male bartenders. Didnt really see the main performers that people rave about. Only Stayed about 2 hours after it opened. Crowded on the dancefloor, people not dancing. And I think some weird older, fat,  anglo man in nice clothes may have put some kind of date rape drug in my friends drink, so ladies beware!! Dont leave your drinks open around strangers! My girlfriend passed out cold after only 2 drinks, it was very weird, but she is fine. I will return and stay later to see the performers because most of th reviews say that it is a really neat place.
4	Service was great at the table, security was also awesome. The venue was one of my favorites and the lighting just epic. Music was top-notch too. Great crowd, great concept, great time (at the table). Cirque performances above you while you dance are icing on the cake ! Definitely check the place out if you're looking for a good time! Though you have to be aware there's a portion of people there who may be enjoying a bit more than booze.
5	I actually really enjoyed this nightclub!! I will say that we went on a night when Krewella was performing, so they may have upped their game a little. However, I still think this is a nightclub that offers a great overall experience. From the get-go, I liked this club. We had a huge party and arrived in separate taxis. The lady checking in our tickets let us stand in line even though not everyone was there. She was also willing to chat with us and not push us around like most clubs do. Once we got inside, we found cocktail tables that were seriously a huge blessing. How often does a club especially in Vegas, take care of their non-table-buying visitors? Answer: never. It was very refreshing to be able to set my drink down and dance without being shoved around or spilling it everywhere. The layout was also set up so people without tables could still see the stage and enjoy the performance. Speaking of the performance! It was so cool with the cirque performers doing tricks and dancing whether in their little boxes or in the dance floor behind the screen. The "lights"/screens across the ceiling coordinated with the songs also made for a huge impression.I will say their drinks weren't very good...or at least the one drink I bought. Just remember to pre-party beforehand and save yourself some money anyway.If I have a chance, I will most likely return here than most other clubs in Vegas.
1	I went to Light with a group of friends after being pestered to do so by at least 5 promoters. We had no other plans, so we gave it a chance. BAD IDEA!! We got in and we're assaulted by a group of men. They repeatedly grabbed my friends butt and made aggressive suggestive motions. We tried calling over for a security, who did seem concerned for us, but his manager had him detaine us and taken to the back room to be questioned. There were 3 security guards and all said, they understood the situation, but couldn't do much about it other than move us to another area. When we walked out they escorted us to the other side of the bar and noticed the group of me were gone. Later we were told they were moved for their protection. You know because when you assault someone, the victim is the problem. If this place is going to promote rape, It's the last place I will ever be! Enough with protecting the sexual predators!
1	So I heard this place was good, BUT was disappointed! It's too FUCKEN expensive and to top it off they need to manage how many people go in cuz all they care for is the money and not how packed it is! I am glad the clubs/bars in Cali aren't like this one!
1	The resident DJ on Saturday wasn't very good.
4	Awesome club! Great music plenty of room to dance. Don't really need a table!DJ was great. The performers really add an extra experience that the other clubs do not. I love it and will be coming back here for sure next time.
5	Love this place. Bottle service is expensive, but hey, you're in vegas at one of the best nightclubs. They have the best sound system and lighting here. The performs and circus dancers that fly around all over the place really create an amazing atmosphere.
4	After pushing through the multiple long lines, I really did not know what to expect. After getting my drink on, it happened! Light Night Club turned on their light stage. OMG one of the best light set up I have ever seen. It was big but the quality of the pictures and spot lights and the distribution of laser lights was crazy good. The lighting set up was so good , I swear it could make any "DJ" look good. That evening Carl Cox was the main event and boy did he take his time to get on the decks. Light Night Club will be on my "MUST GO TO" when ever I am in Sin City for sure! I know that Atrak (my favorite DJ) has residency there so I can't wait to experiance that.
5	Bottle service!!! The service was fantastic!! I had a great time! House music is always good! Go-go dancers!!
1	I'm sad to give Light 1 star, but had my friend and I not been robbed here, I would have given it a 4 perhaps! This is more of a general warning regarding being aware of your surroundings at all times. Despite having cross body bags that were slung across our shoulders all night, we left with both of our phones, licenses, and debit cards missing :(. When we spoke to a few of the bouncers/security about it, they mentioned that several other people had reported similar thefts that night. Just a heads up to be careful at not only Light, but anywhere it gets very crowded like this!
5	If you wanna rage in style, be sure to hit Light the next time you're on the Vegas strip. Between the Cirque Du Soleil performers, awesome bartenders, kicking sound system and multiple other theatrics, there was never a dull moment. The staff here is friendly and efficient, and even offered the ladies free drink tickets which is a huge bonus considering the cocktails are $15-$20 (pretty standard). Hook n Sling crushed it, and the clientele was fun and diverse. The stage and dance floor were easily accessible leaving plenty of room to chase the bass!
4	It's definitely one of the newer clubs and home to many EDM events. However they don't have a huge dance floor. It mostly is made of of tables that surround the perimeter but what they do have are aerial dancers!!! It's like Cirque du Soleil meets clubbing.
5	Crop top and high tops night aka Studio B bka Baauer at Light has to my favorite night on the strip! Sure, I love Mad Decent Mondays at XS but, 90's hip hop on The Strip is zero to zero non existent in this town. In a city where EDM rules the music at clubs, it was better than nice to dance and sing to Biggie, Puffy (before he was Diddy), and even some DMX. I grew up on and with that music so, it brings me back to my teenage years (I'm really showing my age right now)....Other than the music, it was fun being super casual to a club, drinking 40's outta paper bags, and drinking outta red cups at the table. 40s and shorties. I don't think 40s but, I am a shortie ;)
1	Absolutely ridiculous excuse for a club... Horrible white music to an extremely pixelated LCD light/visual show. You ask for a glass of water at the bar and they tell you $8 dollars. Go sheep , go!
4	One of my favorite night clubs on the strip! I came here over Labor Day weekend, and this place was poppin' to the point where there was no space to move on the dance floor! Unless you love the smell of BO on your neighbor, I'd suggest avoiding the dance floor, but situate yourself close to the bar area, where you can still enjoy the music without getting your personal bubble invaded! I love all the props and entertainers of this night club. They really go above and beyond! There were people dressed in costumes at the front door, pole dancers inside the club, and fire breathers/acrobats/aerial silk performers throughout the night! It was sooo entertaining! The music is your typical EDM vegas music, which isn't too bad!Ladies, I wouldn't use the free drink passes to get drinks. They only has nasty options, like cranberry vodka or vodka soda, which are extremely unappetizing! Live it up a little (you're in SIN CITY!) and spend the extra dollars getting better dranks! :)
3	I don't know if they were having a bad night or they couldn't find anyone to book for that Saturday might but the DJ wasn't good. He played like 5? 6? Good mixes and the rest just seemed like he had his little brother do it for him. The wait took forever but we showed up and hour after they opened so our fault haha. I love that they have the girls get in free before 12 and get 2 free drinks!! But literally when it hits 12 your ticket is invalid and you have to cough up $17 for a drink but it was my birthday so free drinks from my bf and friends heheAround 2 they started to close off areas of the club which was stupid because there was hardly any room...and there were still people coming in! I didn't get it and when I asked the guy he said "we're closing soon" wtf you barely opened! Well whatever I wanted to gamble anyway.
1	I hate to pull the "Noir Card" card...but prepare yourself, because I'm about to.As a Noir level MLife member, you come to expect good treatment from the hosts and staff at clubs in the MLife family.  Now, I understand that Light Group manages and runs the clubs - not the hotels themselves - but it's still a courtesy to have a little grace with the people who've spent a ridiculous (and I mean RIDICULOUS) amount of money at the casino in which they're located.  Some friends of mine were in Vegas and after getting a day bed at Daylight, we had a little disco nap, went to dinner, and headed over to Light.  The group was small - just 4 of us, even ratio - and after dropping some serious cash at the pool, we figured that getting into the club wouldn't be too big an issue, considering the SAME "manager" was working the night club line.  We. Were. Mistaken.Even though I'm local, and even though I'm a Noir member, and even though we'd spent a grip of cash that day at the pool...he said "I'm sorry, but I'm still going to have to charge you a cover and have you wait in line."...Really?  Wait...really?Look, there are loads of clubs and bars we can go to - so if you want to play the exclusive game, go right ahead...but I'm taking my business elsewhere.
5	We had a fantastic experience at Light Night Club the day after Halloween this year. It was a club that had one of the highest production values EVER in terms of performers (cirque du soleil acrobats & dancers), laser light shows, huge screens with quality artistic projections that combined live entertainers at times. They switched from projections to live performing behind the main screen so it was hard to tell what was screened and what was real. They had cirque performers in crazy costumes walking around in stilts and acrobats who came out of the ceiling.The EDM music was great and the dancing was fun. I highly recommend this club to everyone even though it may mean that in the future the wait time is even longer!What I enjoyed the most was the tiered layout - there was actually room to enjoy your drink and watch the laser light shows by the bar at the top OR be in a sea of people dancing in the pit area!
4	Light is an AMAZING club when all the Cirque Du Soleil performers are out.Unfortunately they do not come out every weekend. It's probably only during the summer and special events with really famous DJ's. But when all the performers ARE OUT, there are performers on the stairs as you walk in, performers on the poles around the bottle service tables, performers on the stage, performers coming off the ceiling, performers behind the stage, performers hanging off the stage screen, and even performers walking around in the crowd. BEST TIME EVER when I went to see Dirty South in February for my first time at Light.My second time here we saw Henrix in December.It was a slightly different experience though.During Dirth South event, they went ALL out with everything!During the Henrix event, they closed off the side bar and the top floor probably because it wasn't as packed.TIPS:1. Do find promoters to help you get in for free.2. I usually find promoters on instagram. Easiest way to get ahold of one is to search hastag #lasvegas or #lasvegaspromoter etc. etc. 3. Do come early! Lines are loooooong, they wrap around the water fountain.4. They do prefer at least an even ratio of girls/guys or more girls.5. Dress to impress!6. Drinks here are expensive, do prefade before you come in.7. Hennesy & Cokes are $25 for a small cup !!!8. If you get a bottle service table, DO BE AWARE that they kick you out of the table if your bottle is DONE and you're not ordering anymore, meaning you do not get the table for the whole night unless you keep ordering bottles.9. There is no where to sit in here unless you have a table, so wear semi-comfortable shoes!
4	This is a great venue with huge screens and a good amount of room. The place was not overcrowded. There were a decent sized dance floor, one long bar, and plenty of standing room. I liked the dancers which I think might be cirque performers. The lights and giant screen show were pretty cool. Confetti and different things would occasionally fall from the sky.
3	OK...come here if you're all about EDM. This was our first stop on our one-nighter in Vegas. I'm sorry, but I'm a hip hop at the club kind of girl...Light Night Club was not my thing, but I knew I had to go here! Since it was one of the latest and greatest (from word of mouth). Check-in took forever...their 3 lines were slightly unorganized. Our promoter was actually really helpful though...Kenny? I think was his name. Initial walk-in..rainbow lights! They were gorgeous. It leads you up the stairs. Then there is this cool cage thing, perfect photo-op! So i took one :) I came here with my friends, we were 1 guy 3 girls total. We were all let in for free. Girls got 2 free drink tickets, vodka only...and I got 3 on accident! Yay me! So I wasn't feeling the music for too long. The DJ was really cute though, totally forgot his name. He was playing the EDM songs that were on the radio, so at least they were familiar. The club itself is large, big dance floor, I think it's actually really nice! We stayed for 30-ish minutes before we went somewhere else. Worth checking out, but it's not the place for me.
2	I was kind of excited when this nightclub opened. I'm not big on nightclubs, unless I have a table with bottle service but this one seemed unique. They have Cirque du Soleil acrobats. I had been to the old nightclub here, Rum Jungle which closed a few years ago. Unfortunately I wasn't impressed by this nightclub. It was $44 to get in. That's a lot of money, especially for someone staying at this hotel. There should be some discount or even comped entry. It was a Saturday night and at least 1/3 of the tables for bottle service were empty. Also, I was on the guest list. I had my card that showed I was on the list but the employee in the front made me wait in the regular line anyway, which is unacceptable. The Cirque du Soleil acrobats were pretty cool to look at. The bartenders were nice too. However, I don't intend on going back to this club unless it's comped, I'm on the guest list, and they actually let me in the guest list line.
4	I've been to Light twice now, first in April 2014 and most recently Saturday 1/3/15. First visit was via table service for a friend's bday. As with most things in Vegas, things are always better when you know someone or cough up some money. Therefore that experience was great even if we really only spent a few minutes on the dance floor. This most recent visit allowed me to see more of the venue as well as the standard service. I still contend that this is a strong edm venue but its not without faults. PROS:- Guestlist policy is very simple and the fact that they walk the line checking people in ahead of time helps reduce any worry once you reach the door. - venue is close to the garage if you need to run back to the car for anything- powerful bass...more so than any other club in town IMO- nice variety of lighting and assorted effects CONS:- I have a thing against security and stanchions on the dance floor. The dance floor here is already small and these additions put a squeeze on the fun. - they don't let you get right up to the stage/booth. Instead of actual barricade they have a security guy there to yell at you about dancing too close.- only one bar open on non-premium nights. Bad enough that they block off all that available space when there's unsold tables, but having a single bar creates a bottle neck where there shouldn't be one.  - during some aerial performances they clear sections of the floor...remember what I said about it being crowded already? LiFE at SLS seems to have a much better handle on this. - photo booth is $10? LiFE has one for free.
