5	This is my favorite steak house of all.  They have their parking lot in the back and you can enter the restaurant through the back door that leads you through the kitchen.  The cooks all stop to greet you before you are escorted in to the seating area which is covered in glass, mirrors and red velour.  The food here is just amazing.  The seafood is fresh and incredible.  Hard to imagine in a land locked state but I guess they fly it in on a regular basis.  This is *must* on any meat lover's list of destinations to visit if you are in Phoenix.
5	Great steakhouse with tons of personality. Sitting at the swanky retro-bar is a blast. Dig the red velvet wallpaper, the prime rib, the professional service, and the giant prawn that swims in the bloody mary!
5	This is a place where Frank Sinatra would've hung out.  Go through the back door, and step back in time.  Enjoy the complimentary garlic bread (which is actually addictive), but leave room for a prime rib so rare you can still hear it mooing.
5	Great Service, Great Wine, Great Food, Great Ambiance.I always come here when I am in Phoenix on business.  I am very comfortable coming alone and always meet people at the bar after I eat.  The bartendars are very friendly and accomodating -- gave me and a date directions to another restaurant while we had a glass of wine here.I have had their oysters -- excellent.  I have tried their rib eye steak, excellent.  Their bread is a must have...even if you are watching your carbs.  Kitchen is very clean.  Wine is stored at the right temperature.  Just a great place all around.
1	The emperor has no clothes.  There.  I said it.  I had one the top 5 WORST dining experiences of my life eating at Durant's.  The food was average.  I had scallops that were slightly overcooked, poorly seasoned and somewhat gritty.  I tasted my fellow dining mates steaks and they were well below average compared to other steaks in this cost bracket (Flemings, Ruths Chris, Capital Grill).  And at $30 an entree I expect my food to be served without a side of attitude.  The service wasn't bad, it was offensive.  Our server was rude, sarcastic, flippant, and completely disrespectful. My husband actually got up halfway through the dinner to pull him aside and alert him that we were not happy with the service and to give him a chance to step it up.  We were quite polite and discrete about it.  The server proceeded to come back to the table and make jokes about this and announced sarcastically to the table that "he heard we were in a rush to get somewhere" and he was going to speed things up.  Um.  Wrong.  We weren't in a rush.  All we wanted was to enjoy our dinner.  It was bad enough I brought my parents to this place.  But I would have been truly mortified if I had brought a client here.  I will never go back.  If you have read my reviews, you know I am not prone to writing harsh reviews unless it is totally deserved. This one is.  Durants seems to be one of those old school restaurants that is skating by on its history and once-deserved reputation.  My advice?  Don't bother.  I can think of at least 5 other steak houses in the Valley where you will get a better meal for about the same or less money with far better service.Lets review:  expensive mediocre food, horrible service, loud chaotic atmosphere...  really?  Your still going to give it a try?  Okay, don't say I didn't warn you.
4	I'd give it 5 stars but the oysters were bad... really bad. Ambiance is really cool in a retro way and the prime rib was superb. The staff is attentive and reminiscent of old school American steak restaurants from Chicago or NY. If you're looking to drop some dough on a good steak dinner with more character than Morton's or Fleming's, this is your place.
4	This is one of my favorite places in the world, and my absolute fav in Phoenix. The cocktails are awesome, the food is great. There is nothing like coming here on a weeknight and chatting with the bartender (the bald dude) who has been making me killer cocktails for years (especially when I lived just a mile or so away). The only reason I give four stars is because some of the hosts there can be a little surly. I understand that tables are only for dining, but when it's not busy this seems like a silly rule to enforce. Plus, when I go there only for drinks, I usually spend *more* than if I were going there for dinner and a drink or two. Anyway, may this place long live on.
4	A co-worker of mine wanted to take me there because she said it is the oldest restaurant in town and walking in, that's how it felt.  This place is all about the atmosphere, it's got  that  swanky kind of loungy,supper club feel to it.   The wait staff are all dressed in tuxedos but, were a little curt when we asked for extra things.    The food was pretty good we both got Chicken Giordano which was a little dry but had a good flavor to it.   The dessert we had was amazing, three flavors of creme brulee..great to share and a nice change to the standard dish.   One thing to watch out for is that they will try to sell you on their wine special of the night....don't get me wrong it was a great bottle of wine but, they push it on everyone!!    Great place to go if you are in the Phoenix area!
5	i had no idea durant's was so cool baby when i decided i had to go there. here's the story.in my last semester of college i did a huge invetigative thing on don bolles (the reporter who was murdered here in '76). anyway, when interviewing all the old school reporters who were tailing the mob back then, the name Durant's came up every time. most of the hotels, restaurants, coffee shops they talked about for insider tips and secret rendevous didn't exist anymore, but this one did. so i thought how cool it would be to see this part of az history.two years later i finally made it (god, i've been out of college two years? whew). it was nothing like i expected from the seedy stories i was told that went on here 30 years ago.first, the entrance through the kitchen kind of rocks - it's hotter in there than it was outside in august, the chefs look annnoyed and it feels awkward, but  damnit where else can they charge nearly $20 for a caesar salad and make you walk through a hot ass kitchen to do it?i had heard the martinis were the bee's knees here, so i ordered one, with vodka, dirty. i'm not just saying this - i was ready to have to defend my love of this place despite their overpriced whatever because i had decided two years ago this place was awesome - that was one damn.good.martini. not too dirty,  not too strong, BIG and about $10 (happy hour price). i almost didn't get it because i was hot and thirsty and dirty martini didn't sound refreshing, but it was somehow still delicious.i only made it to the lounge, which is probably where i'll spend most of my future visits. long bar, great plush, vintage decor, wonderful service. the server was unpretentious, friendly, chatty and professional, right down to how he offered their dessert options. you know how most servers disinterestedly prattle off "double chocolate lava cake, ooey-gooey caramel cheesecake" ? not this guy, he sincerely offered up some of the most delicious concoctions as though he handmade each one as his chosen form of artistic expression.this place is a time warp. it' still dominantly male business crowd, but i didn't let the polos, silver hair and understated expensive shoes and watches kill my mood (it was tuesday at 5:30, what can you expect?). plus it's on central, and i feel it's my duty to go uot of my way to support biz's stuck in the light rail construction mess.
5	I knew I would love this place on my first visit about three years ago.  They just don't make restaurants like this anymore. Clubby rat pack atmosphere, comfy leather banquettes, red lighting and wallpaper, stiff martinis straight up, tuxedo clad servers, entrance through the back kitchen (just like old-school LA restaurants).  So much character, so much CLASS, and you haven't even gotten to the food or service yet!It's pricey here, so it's usually a special occasion/I'm gonna get laid sorta restaurant.   I came here for happy hour recently, and it was then I realized I hadn't reviewed this or eaten here in a long time.  I usually order a steak (New York), but yes, the seafood is pretty good here too.The servers are top notch, (great sale pitches) and professional in every way in my visits.  The martinis here are easily contenders for the best martinis in Phoenix.  The bread loaf with the garlic spread is a good munchie, but let me tell you all you need is two martinis to call yourself done, if you know what I mean.
3	I would give Durant's 4 stars except for the fact that my prime rib and side dishes were all only luke-warm.  Also steak is not my favorite food.  But all that aside, Durant's is a pretty cool place.  You walk in and you feel like you entered into a period piece.  This is the kind of place they'd use as a set for the Untouchables or Godfather.  Very cool classic decor.  No windows in the whole place.  Plenty of booths and good service.  Clearly Durant's has a lot of history.The food was good in taste.  Prime rib was cooked very well and had good texture.  I just wish it was a bit hotter because I felt like I was eating something that has been sitting around the kitchen.
4	Every major city has a restaurant like Durant's. Old School place, been around for 50 years, with red leather half circle booths, red velvet wall paper, dim lighting, old-time professional waiters with grey hair, and expensive food specializing in steaks. You walk into Durant's from the back parking lot, through the kitchen; not because of the light rail construction out front, but because that is how it has always been done. The logo awning and valet parking is back there in the rear! Most steaks are in the $40 range, which comes with a choice of potato styles (baked, garlic mashed, fries) and a choice of soup du jour or house salad (Caesar's Salad is $4.50 more, but it isn't the old school with anchovies or mixed at your table by the waiter with wood spoons like some classic restaurants like this do it. It is mostly just sprinkled with cheese. I long for the real Caeser's salad, not this version remeniscent of casual dining places that serve it with chicken!). Seafood selections are mostly in the $30 range. They offer Delmonico steak (In-Bone New York) for $41.50; the 8 oz Filet Mignon is $40.50 (they have a larger 12 oz, too) and the in-bone porterhouse of 32 oz is $72!  A large Shrimp and Crab Louis entree is $24.95. Spinich dip appetizer is $8.95, and a dozen oysters on the half shell is $24.95 (6 for $13.95).All the food is good, but not fantastic given the prices. Service was very deliberate bordering on slow (from the kitchen , not the waiter). They have a decent wine list. House wines by the glass include the Santa Barbara Avila Merlot, lighter and simplistic, at $6, and the Sterling Merlot from Norcal is $9, with more body but only average. Drinks may default to premium brands if you don't specify at the bar. Myers Platinum rum and coke, $5.50. Tanqueray and Tonic, $6.00. Stolichnaya Raspberry Vodka and Tonic, $10.95. They do serve the drinks very stiff, though!The best thing about this place is the bread. They serve a round loaf of sourdough like bread, sliced and soaked in olive oil and covered with minced garlic and basil. It is free and they will keep bringing more as you wait patiently for your other dishes. We had 3 loaves. They offer typical classic desserts for this type of place, like Key Lime Pie, but we were so full with meat and bread, we passed on it. This is the place you bring your significant other's parents to impress them with a classic, great old school restaurant, especially if they listen to Frank Sinatra and like meat.  But if you are a trendy chic diner, you should pass and try something fresher in ambiance and food but equally expensive (think Scottsdale's overblown newer mega-restaurants which are the new Durant's except with Sushi or Asian Fusion, or oversized Southwest flavored creations with names taken from Cactus varieties.)
4	The red flocked wallpaper--the leather banquettes--the way you feel like a Goodfella when you walk in through the kitchen--you know you're at Durant's!This is one of the bastions of Old Phoenix at its best--or maybe its worst, since a lot of the bad old days of corrupt city governance likely took place within Durant's walls. But since the staff is so discreet, we'll probably never know...Now to the food: I really like the food, the wines, the service. I've had prime rib here and it was great prime rib. I've had lunch here and it was fab also...now if I could just get hubby to take me here sometime, I'll be a happy woman!
4	Here on biz trip, didn't expect to find this kind of place in Phoenix, maybe Chicago or Cleveland but not here.  Had dinner with friend in bar area and had a great time.  Service was good to excellent, nice wine selection, steaks were also good to excellent.  As far as others comparing it to Ruth Chris (and other chain steak houses), well it ain't Ruth's... thank God!  No R. C. has this atmosphere and look, really old school but still real.  Parking in rear was easy and free.  Construction was going on in the street making finding the place and access a little tough but that may be over by now.  I grant you the place is not for everyone one but I definitely do recommend and will return.
2	I like Durant's out of principle, but this is by no means a great restaurant by my estimation. The three separate times I've been were riddled with lackluster service, improperly prepared seafood, and meat with the wrong temperature (medium means medium, right? or has beef fallen into the "rare is the new medium" fashion continuum?). I remain altogether unimpressed. I would, however, hide here if the law was looking for me. It's just that kind of place.
5	We were downtown and looking for an uncommon dining experience, and on the car ride we were taking about crab, beef, wedge salads so Durant's seemed like a natural and obvious choice. My friend had never been, and its probably been five years since my last visit. It was destiny.As I pulled into the packed parking lot (at 5:54 p.m.) on a Saturday night, the lot was filled and I giggled. Durant's has that natural 'it' factor that is such a nice pull and draw. I looked at my friend and said "Uh, we're probably eating in the bar, this parking lot is filled and all these folks are inside that little restaurant." I was right.So, I led her through the door that naturally guides you through the kitchen and then the dining room before you visit the dining room captain. Its a great part of the experience. The pristine kitchen full of hustle and bustle, and kitchen employees that speak perfectly good English and greet you upon entering and leaving the restaurant. I love this aspect of the restaurant; it feels really good to me. It smells of dripping hospitality to me and not in a syrupy way, but more of a "yeah, we're proud of what we do, and we've done it longer than any other Mastro's-style-hip-newster in town, and we're still kick ass!" So, anyway, I speak briefly to the dining room captain, did I mention that they wear tuxedos in the dining room. Ah! Love it! So old school and its just fine with me. I look at the reservation system that he has on his desk and I laugh, because, our visit isn't planned and he has names collected and color-coded all over the screen. We're having a spontaneous dinner, I don't think spontaneity and a full service-dining-room-table-type-of-meal-at-Durant's goes hand in hand. So, I ask if we could have the full menu in the bar and they're thrilled. "Sure, ladies, come on in!"We belly up to the bar (which I love anyway), and I "sample" two different sips of wine before I settle on the wine I want with dinner and my friend has a Martini that is classically perfect while we wait for our dinner to arrive. Our bartender was incredibly busy, but remained proficient, aware, thorough and we loved her! For me this was the classic Chicago-Gibson's-style steak dinner event that we were hoping to find. We weren't disappointed.The bill came. I thought my friend was going to fall out of her chair - its not cheap and on the way home, we had a conversation about value. She'd give them maybe 3.5 stars on value orientation. I'm not wavering from my five stars and here's why: I don't eat like this everyday and I have enough left over steak to feed my steak and eggs this morning, my lunch and dinner for the day, and probably tomorrow as well. It was a huge, juicy, piece of cow and it was perfectly prepared and yeah, I won't need to spend $62/person for another several years. We departed through the kitchen and this time my friend stops and blows the entire kitchen staff a kiss goodbye and I am pretty sure they fell over themselves admiring her, well, naturally, God-given beauty and two of them rushed to open the back door for her. That was the kicker, she'll pay for this type of attention again. Classic...
5	It doesn't get any better than this, dining where Joe DiMaggio and Marilyn Monroe did. And it looks the same as when they were there.This is fine dining at it's best and worth every penny (lots and lots of them).There is a reason they have been around for over 50 years and they are always crowded (which is pretty amazing since it is really easy to spend $100 or more on dinner for two).The food was spectacular, as was the service. The water they serve is bottled Perrier. The menu choices are expected, steaks, seafood, etc., but the food is exquisite in both preparation and taste. Best damn $10 martini I have ever had.This is a great place to go for a special occasion, an intimate evening or celebration. It is a trip back in time to an almost forgotten era, a place to experience great food and fine dining, one you will soon not forget.
5	This classic steakhouse has won me over.  I have been on a few occasions, both special and random!  As mentioned in the other reviews the decor has not changed a bit.  It still boasts weird pictures hanging on the wall of some unnamed man (hmmm? Mr. Durant himself)!? I always opt for the bar area weather having dinner or not.  I'm not one for big dining rooms and don't mind eating at the bar, especially with the excellent service the bartender offers.  This is a favorite among my friends for birthdays, happy hours, and of course Valentine's Day! (with your friends or your significant other:)My favorites on the menu: garlic mashed potatoes, fillet mignon, scallops, and all of the salads.  Go, dine, enjoy it is worth the extra dollars:)
3	Being in Durant's reminds me of being a bit actor in a movie remake of some 1950s cult classic.  Like oceans 11.The original had Sinatra and Martin and Davis, Jr and Bishop.  The remake had Clooney and Pitt and Damon and Garcia.And although the 2001 version was pretty good, maybe even VERY good, something about it seems disingenuous.  But when we talk about the cool-factor of the 1960s "11", there is no denying that the film makes you feel like you're walking around like your number one.Well, translate that into this dusty steak joint, that has somehow passed its prime and now seems like a poor remake of its former (classic) self.  Their food has sadly nose-dived into average, while their prices have sharply risen like a Vegas hotel room on a holiday weekend.I only feel marginally dapper drinking in here.  Sure the bartenders are cool and quite aware, but the setting is dank and I feel like I'm drinking in an 80s mob bar that is trying to thematically play homage to a 20s speakeasy.  Where once THIS was the steakhouse that others (even chains -- heya Bucco di Beppo) tried to emulate, everything just seems to have spindled out of order.  Its trying hard to work, but it just doesn't.  I'm also aware that they are under new mgmt and have changed some staples on the menu.  We shall see if they will return.For now, I'm just going to stick to drinking the occasional scotch at the bar before moving on to Capital Grille or City Hall.
5	I love love love Durants. I feel like I'm back in the 50's, eating steak with the likes of Sinatra and Sammy Davis Jr. I love the ambiance, it's super cozy and comfy. They've got these great leather booths, cool old school portraits, and waiters in little tuxedos. I also love the fact that you can enter through the kitchen, giving you that goodfellas vibe when they walk through the kitchen of the copa.There's a fantastic wine and booze selection (of course, the first thing I look for) and FANTASTIC food. For starters, the waiter will bring you a little plate of fresh veggies and this amazing bread with a garlic herb topping. Then, I totally suggest getting the mushrooms as a side. They are awesome, in this cream sauce that is indescribable. I always get the filet (medium rare) with the garlic mashed potatoes.LOVE IT!! really good place for a date, a small party, or just a fanciful dinner. Did i say that i LOVE IT??? It is kind of expensive, but completely worth the price. You are guaranteed to leave satisfied.
5	Awesome caesar salad.  Really.  I love their caesar salads... which is kinda weird to say about a steakhouse....I don't care.I LOVE THEIR CAESAR SALADS!I did once order the porterhouse for two, and it was ridiculously large.  Like, it could have fed a family of Somalians for a year.... or a black bear... it was freakin' huge!
5	My all time favorite Phoenix restaurant.  Best steak, great atmosphere.  Never been disappointed.  Great for special occasions.
5	Great Lunch hangout.  The food is always good.  I like the Fat Man Special.  Park in the back and walk through the kitchen.  Everyone says hi and welcomes you when you walk in.  One of my favorites!
5	Wow! This place is 'Old Phoenix' in a nutshell. You enter through the kitchen in the back and it feels like you're instantly teleported to another era with deep red velvet flowery wallpaper, old portraits adorning the walls, and narrow doors. My hubby and I went here with family, so we sat in a big booth in the corner. We ordered 1/2 dozen oysters (served on ice-cold black rocks), porterhouse steak (melts in your mouth), scallops, mesquite grilled shrimp, and my grandpa had chicken livers (though I've never tried them, I don't recommend them). My hubby and I shared a 4-layer chocolate cake consisting of a thick icing on top, two layers of mousse, and a moist cake atop a swirl of raspberry sauce. Needless to say, neither my hubby nor I could drive, due to his enormous gin martini and my indulgence on the wine. The servers didn't mind that we sat a while after the check was paid. No pressure to turn tables here. Definitely recommend if you're in the mood for a delicious meal.
3	Steak was gooodddd..... as was the banana cream pie that I had for dessert - I am a sucker for banana-themed sweets - that is 3 stars right there...... however, I was NOT a fan of the caesar salad - it was spicy - where did that come from?? Also, this place is a little weird - very old-skool, in a weird part of Phoenix (the building from the outside is a trip - looks like a cross between a bowling alley and a strip club), and the service just felt a little bit awkward to me.  Maybe I am just so used to places with a more casual, modern vibe.  We had a good meal here, but I don't know if I'd come back or not.  I know it's a chain, but Ruth's Chris is more my kind of place, and I think the steak is better....plus i like the Biltmore area much better than this area (I don't even know what this 'hood is called - central phoenix?)
2	Durant's was the place I had to behave like I never behaved before to deserve. It was the place my grandparents went to meet their peers and friends. It was the place where we'd be interrupted countless times to be introduced to another person I'd never met. In days past, this truly was THE place to see and be seen.But no more. You can still walk through the kitchen like one of the finger-to-nostril pressing patrons of old, but gone is the standard of service and of food. This USED to be the best martini in town, best steak in town, best crab cakes in town. But alas, no more.It takes at least 3 visits for me to so drastically change my opinion of a former great star. My last three visits were filled with disappointments. No one knows who I am anymore. Normally this would be a narcissistic thing to say, except that my family in its generations has been dining there since it was first opened. For a steak place you'd think they'd have everything listed on the menu. For my first of three, I gave up after ordering 4 different steaks, all out of stock. I would have to settle for well-done prime rib -- something I leave for the unwashed and people who deserve to have old shoes served on their plates.The wine list, although unabbreviated was sorely lacking. After 6 tries, all out of stock, I had to call sommelier (who also had no idea who I was) to finally just get me whatever he had left.Vegetables and side dishes are reminiscent of Jay Newton's Beefeaters' lukewarm one-side-for-all frozen nastiness (think thick over or undercooked wavy cut carrots and faded blue-white cauliflower). Crab cakes have fallen from their former greatness to either being out of stock, or burned up and dry. Roquefort was also unavailable two of the last three times I was there.Most service details were missed. I don't even want to go into the specifics for mourning of my memory of this place's former greatness. I do have to warn you, if you end up going, take your own napkin. They've changed linen vendors and napkins have that apron-or-dishrag-let's-starch-it-anyway smell to them. I give it two stars for respect of my memory of my grandfather and the gleeful twinkle in his eye to order the steak and lobster and to watch him enjoy every tasty bite.Sorry, Durant's. You're on the outs. Tourists and unwashed only, and that's to keep the real estate values up for neighbors Switch and Wild Thaiger.
4	I gotta say/write, Durant's is a good place to go. It's an experience that lives up to the hype. There is a lot of atmosphere here, folks. So, come on, enjoy it. It is not the chain joint that we've all grown accustomed to. Durant's is a great place to go for birthdays, special occasions, guests, etc...I love the velvet red walls. You don't see that everywhere these days.
5	Durant's is my go- to place for special occassions. I have many fond memories of sharing the "porterhouse for two", which could be called the "porterhouse for five" in reality.The towering strawberry shortcake is classic and their coffee is worth the drive by itself. I love the decor. The textured wallpaper is classic and seductive. The food is indulgent.Last time I was there I had a spinach salad with my meal and it was out of this world. If I could only do that to spinach in my own kitchen...
5	Unfortunately, my birthday always falls right around Mother's Day.  Which means that every time I want to go out to eat for my birthday it is packed.  We thought we'd celebrate early by going on Saturday, but it was still packed.  We called ahead and the earliest reservation was 9 PM, but the person on the phone said that if we just came down, they would fit us in.So we sat at the bar for maybe 20 minutes (IN YOUR FACE CHAIN RESTAURANTS!!!) and our beers came with a small appetizer of cheese and salami.  These people think of everything. And the wait staff is pretty damn attentive.  The hostess heard me say something about my birthday, which was passed on to the waitress so my super huge and yummy meal ended with a delicious dessert of my choosing.  The bread and relish tray would have been more than enough of an appetizer for me, but my partners in crime also wanted the spinach artichoke dip, which was soooo tasty.  My steak was SOFT but cooked exactly how I like it.  These are true professionals.  Asparagus was cooked perfectly.  The chicken pot pie soup was exactly what I expected and so yummy.  And the dessert?  Triple creme brulee - kahlua which tasted like a caucasian, chocolate which managed to be super chocolately but not too rich, and a mixed berry that would have been fabulous if I was a normal rasberry eating human.Yes, it's a little pricey, but you easily get 2 meals if not more out of one dish.  Especially with the yummy bread and relish tray that is also presented before the meal.  The atmosphere is cozy and a little crowded.  If you are wierd about personal space, this is probably not the place to go.Overall: I love this place and go every time I get the opportunity.
4	Five stars, five1st  star Culinary excellence,2nd star Service perfection3rd star Atmosphere and history4th star flawless operation 5th star dessert-1 star, management need not say more.,  Old School Style fine dinning.  This restaurant dates way back to the early days of downtown Phoenix.
4	Ok so I'm going to make this easy.A. You go through the kitchen to get in the place (so badass)B. Louis makes the best martini you can possibly have. (so badass)C. They gave these chips out like 10 or 20 years ago, that grant the holder         free dessert for life, I happened to know a few peeps who have these         legendary chips. (free dessert poker chips so badass)D. finally the food is good a bit expensive and the service is always       amazing.
4	Okay, if you've not visited this Valley institution by now I don't understand what you're waiting for.  Go now, really-put down your mouse, shut off your computer and GO!It's certainly the old school aspect that adds to their appeal, for once you get taken back to a by-gone era with the red velvet and killer cocktails, good steaks.  Are they the BEST EVER steaks?  No, those are cooked up by me at home but Durant's are pretty dang good.
5	I really like Durant's.  A couple of my best memories were made here.  I've had the coconut shrimp and also the crab; both were fantastic.   i've also gone there just for drinks, and i have to say that Durant's is probably the best place to sit down and talk over drinks with a friend.  It's like entering a different world.  It's just so cozy, with those low lights and plush red velvet.  I especially loved it because with the two of us at the bar, it felt like we were the only two people in the world.  The staff is so incredibly attentive, and the bartender is very jovial and friendly.
3	I really wanted to love this place. All of the Yelp reviews I saw before going paint Durant's as a place of mystique, a place where old traditions and dining styles thrive and don't change, even as "fusion" and "new American" restaurants surround it. I definitely felt the mystique. I definitely experienced the old traditions and dining styles. I just don't know if I loved how traditional Durant's was. Maybe I just expect that expensive restaurants will wow me with their flavors and need more from a dining experience than the old American formula of a protein and starch, especially when the starch isn't particularly memorable or flavorful. Don't get me wrong. There were some great things about our experience at Durant's. The overwhelmingly red decor was romantically retro (although I can see it being an awkward color to be surrounded by while on a business lunch), the cream of mushroom soup was creamy and delicious, my lobster tail was huge (albeit a little dry), and our dirty martinis were huge and mixed really well. The service was also very professinal and attentive. However, sticking with an established approach to dining shouldn't mean not being attentive to quality, and I felt like for the price we spent, certain things (like my husband's salad and steak, as well as the pretty terrible rice pilaf and mashed potato sides) could have been brought into the 21st century or at least made more tasty! As the dinner came to a close (we were there at 9 or so on a Tuesday night), we got to be parties to a very interesting conversation between a woman sitting at the bar and the *very* old-school bartender. She said that she had lived in Phoenix for 35 years but quickly moved to ranting about her daughter, who she claimed was "gorgeous," a part of the "happening Scottsdale crowd," and a former flame of Derek Jeter's! She even offered to bring her to Durant's and introduce her to the bartender. Wow, what a girl (if she does exist). This woman also had opinions on a variety of other subjects, including cell phone providers, and didn't stop talking during our entire main course. This little dialogue (monologue?) made me realize something, though. Times change. Women who probably used to have meatloaf or roast with a baked potato and spinach for every meal are now sitting in restaurants talking about their daughters dating baseball stars and how bad their cell phone reception is indoors. I figure if they can get just a little bit "with it," so can Durant's. No major changes necessary - just a slight stepping back and re-evaluation of the menu to decide whether rice pilaf would be worth swapping out for a roasted asparagus. I'm not trying to be a traitor to a timeless institution or asking that it change its essential character - I just think that a few little tweaks here and there would keep the local population loyal and keep folks like me, who want really good food (part-way there) in an amazing environment with friendly service (check), coming back.
5	My favorite restaurant in Phoenix. The old ratpack style atmosphere and gathering of local business leaders along with politicos just adds to the fun. Unlike most of the new steakhouses along the Camelback/Biltmore corridor, Durant's is not pretentious. In fact, I've even walked in after golfing while still wearing shorts and a windshirt and received great service. While not inexpensive, you also won't pay an arm and a leg for a steak at Durant's like some of the newer places. Don't want dinner or by yourself, hang out at the bar and have a martini - they know how to make 'em!
5	Red Velvet, CheckParking, Valet for Free, CheckRatpack ghosts, CheckFun People, CheckStrong, yet good drinks, CheckGood happy hour place, CheckBeen Around for Ever & Deserves it Rep, Check
4	Definitely agree with the majority of the great reviews, this place has amazing steaks.  Definitely the spot you want to come back to over and over again.  The price is appropriate considering ruth chris and houstons is pricier and the portions are way smaller.  If your downtown stop by Durants
5	Durant's is clas-sy.  I had heard that they had big comfortable booths and fancy meals, but I was still impressed.  We stopped in around 11.30 one night, just for a drink (two other places we tried before it were closed).  It was very quiet with just a few other patrons.  We received great service from the bartender, and will definitely be going back.  Maybe for dinner next time - I'll have the mashed potatoes (aka the vegetarian special).  :)
5	Durant's is a throwback to early Phoenix - which is great if you like the time travel element. The food is great, though a bit expensive. Regarding the last review, they're right - stay away from the seafood. If you want lobster, go to the Salt Cellar in Scottsdale. For Steak and martinis and seeing the way things used to be out here, Durant's is a LOT of fun.
5	Holy sh*t.... Who knew Phoenix could hold it down like this when it comes to food?  I've been to better steak houses, but most of them have been out of the country.Let's start at the beginning.  We pulled around back to where the valet parking attendant was and the first thing that struck me was that in order to get inside from the parking lot you have to walk through the kitchen.  But the kitchen staff was used to it and even said a hearty hello to us as we walked in.  It was refreshing to see such openness in a restaurant; I wish more places pulled this tactic as it certainly set the mood.  And obviously, it got me in the mood to eat as the walking through the kitchen just forced me to smell the beautiful aromas of cooked cow.  I was salivating after the first 10 seconds of visiting this place.And then the next part of the evening that was unexpected is that they don't allow people to use their cell phones.  Our waitress saw a member of our party on the phone while we were eating our appetizers and she approached him and politely told him that cell phone conversations were not allowed during dinner.  Wow.  How refreshing was that?  I mean, I'm one of the worst offenders of using my cell phone (for texting) during dinner... but to know that I wasn't allowed to lifted a weight off my mind.  Again, this place continued to set the mood.And then the steak.OhmyGod.If you're an atheist (like myself), the steak is nearly good enough to make you pray and give thanks and praise to the almighty.  If you're a Jew, you might just start to contemplate the second coming of Jesus.  If you're Hindu, you might start to think there's something to this whole monotheism thing.  My point?  It was a purely religious experience eating my bone-in ribeye.  I only managed to eat 1/3rd of it because it was so much and it was still incredible.If you're in Phoenix, run DO NOT walk to Durant's.  Do not pass go, do not collect $200, just go.  Wow.
5	LOVE THIS PLACE!!!  I am not rich, I am the average guy a little extra spending money like to go there on special occasions.  Being in the service industry, I know ALLOT of the servers.  Every time I go in I feel like a ROCK STAR!!!  The service is always great the staff is always wonderful and when I leave, I am full and happily wined.  Good wine good meat good god lets eat~!
4	If it weren't for the ice-cold A/C, this place would definitely get 5 stars!I just got home from dinner with my brother-in-law, who's in town for a conference.  He said "pick a nice place" and, of course, I chose Durant's!Valet parking.  Cute as a button, and I gave him the "I wanna put you in my pocket" line.  See, my sister and her family live in the OC.  Not much for flavor there.  When we walked in through the kitchen, the first thing the bro-in-law said was "Awesome!  Just like old Queens mobsters, walking in through the kitchen!"We were early for our reservation, but it didn't look like we needed it for a Monday night (come on, it's football season!) so we were promptly seated.Decor reminds me of my Hungarian/Polish grandparent's house.  Red velvet wallpaper and dark red leather booths.  Really plush and the booths could sit 4 comfortably.  There were some hotties in there, so I made sure to sit across from the bro-in-law!  One of the thing you KNOW means class is them giving out BLACK linen napkins if you're wearing black.  Nothing ruins a good night out more than white lint on your lap.The bread came and it was doused in an olive oil-basil-onion concoction.  I only had a little piece, but it was awesome!  It was already pre-cut, too.  Convenient!The BIL (keep up, that's brother-in-law and I'm gonna type it a bunch of times and that's just ridiculous) had to order the fried calamari, his staple.  Breading was light, but a bit too salty.The soup special was an onion-cheese and really rich and creamy.  I had the 8oz filet with a side of garlic mashed potatoes.  BIL got the scallops, which had pieces of bacon around the edges.  Both dishes were perfect.  My steak was done just right - medium rare.  We shared dessert.  Strawberry shortcake.  For 2.  We couldn't even finish it.  Topped with homemade whipped cream.The best touch, though, was the ambience.  Oh, and members of "the Family" at the table right next to us.  Ah, to hear that Queens accent again!  Definitely my top high-end restaurant in the Valley now!  I'll be back!  Not with the BIL, though.  I'll bring one of my boys.
4	OK, let's face it: there are better steaks in the Valley. As a matter of fact, if you just took the steak at face value, it might not even crack the top 5. But Durant's is not just about the steak, or even the food. Durant's is a classic in every sense of the word, the type of place that can rarely be found anywhwere in Phoenix. It's also a lively and classy night spot, something that didn't exist anywhere in downtown Phoenix for years, and as several new places have developed around Durant's overe the past few years, it has remained consistent and cool. And that's what Durnat's is really about. Yeah, the steak is pretty good. The seafood's alright. The bread with the hot garlic butter is awesome. But Durant's is just COOL. It's classic Vegas, Rat Pack-style cool, and you feel it from the moment you walk in.
5	Two words, Classic Elegance It is so nice to sit in a restaurant and have a fully trained staff wait on you. The staff is exceptional. I don't think any of their wait staff is under the age of 40. Which is great. I hate when we ask for a drink recommendation at other places and we hear "I don't know, I'm not old enough to drink, Or we hear, I don't know me and my friends usually just order shots". The decor is hasn't changed since it opened 40+ years ago. There are no windows in this place and you enter from the back, though the kitchen. We have been here a few times and Durants has never disappointed. The complimentary relish tray is first to make it to our table. I think I can still taste the green onions on my breath. The calamari is some of the best we've had here in Phoenix. Very fresh. The salads are also some of the best we've had. We both had steak which was very good. We ordered a ton of food, however the pace at which they time the courses are perfect. Price is a bit steep we walked out dropping about $200. That included drinks, apps, entrees and desserts.
4	First things first. Act like a local. Park behind the building and walk into the back door and through the kitchen into the main restaurant. But, don't act like a jerk. If you see a waiter with a big tray of steaks, give way and let him go before you. It's busy back there! Walking into this place is like walking into the 1950's. With the dim lighting, deep leather booths and red wallpaper, I half expected to see Frank, Sammy and Dean breaking bread in the back corner. I was there for a business lunch, so I couldn't go TOO crazy. I ordered the "Fat Man's Special" (because I'm a Fat Man), with the thick cut top sirloin. It included salad and sides of mashed potatoes and vegetables. The steak was very tender and huge (I only ate half), served up with horseradish and Au Jus. The warm loaves of garlic "covered" bread were an amazing accompaniment, as well. While the steak doesn't hold court with the likes of Mastro's, Dunant's oozes the charm of days long gone. I definitely plan to go back for an evening meal, when I can imbibe and be a bit more of a glutton.
5	One of the best Phoenix experiences..old world meets new world..Good selection of wine and meat..I never make it to dessert so can't help.  As Marcus says park it in the rear I prefer the valet who is very nice & works hard so be cool and tip. Go through the kitchen and be greeted by excellent cooks(who else wants you in their kitchen!?)  Go to the bar and have a pre dinner drink(eat in the bar if you can) Order a good bottle of red and some meat. On this night I got to see the Video Professor John something and what looked like his 20 something grand daughter. I thought what a sweet grand pa until they started rubbing each other arms(WTF)Good thing I was finishing my steak otherwise I would have been sick watching this old timer make the moves on this poor young girlJust another night in PHX..Good times
3	You like old school? Downtown restaurants don't get more old school than Durant's. The decor and the atmosphere haven't changed in all in the decades they've called this building home (I know this only because my parents told me so). I actually took a trip here as a matter of curiosity (and the fact my folks were treating me to a birthday dinner and it was therefore free). I didn't really have much knowledge of the place but I had been told it has the feel of a mafia hangout. They're right about that part, and you'll understand what I'm talking about if you go. Aside from that, I knew little about the menu other than it was a steakhouse. Now that I've been, a few lessons I've learned. First, I am the worst son in the world. I had no idea just how expensive this place was. I'd been to some relatively pricey steakhouses before, but yowzaa! $20 for a caesar salad??? $50 for fillet mignon??? $75 for a porterhouse??? My parents are saints for paying this much for a birthday meal. Second, happy hour at this place is absolutely packed. Apparently their bar area is very popular with the downtown workers during the week. And third, this place is top notch in terms of class and tradition. From the wallpaper, to the kitchen and waiting staff, to the lighting and furniture decor, this place is super elegant. You can definitely feel the ghosts of local and worldwide celebrities that passed through this place. Now for the food. Mostly good, but price is needless to say a little over the top. I understand that ambiance and service count a lot in terms of how a restaurant prices out their menu. But I'm sorry, no caesar salad is worth $20 (and yes it was good). For dinner I got the 12 oz. fillet mignon with mashed potatoes and soup ($50 in case you're wondering). I was content to not make my folks buy dessert, but they insisted so I got the fudge brownie pie ($9). The steak was tasty and well prepared and the dessert was delicious. So in terms of the food itself, I have no complaints. I'm not even going to reveal just how much my folks dropped on this meal. Let's just say I owe a lot of favors after this. So here's a brief summary for all of you. I would recommend giving this place a whirl at least once. Preferably when you've saved up enough to really (and I mean REALLY) splurge. As frightening as the prices are, you really are buying an experience when you come here. The waiters take excellent care of the patrons, walking through the kitchen area is an experience unto itself, and you won't hear too many of their customers ever complain about the quality of the food. If you can't afford a meal, maybe stop by for drinks during happy hour as its pretty lively. Granted, I can say all of this because I got to enjoy this for free. Would I pay to go again? Sure. Just as long as I'm in a great mood.
3	3.5 actually.food is either REALLY good. or just SO So.the crab cakes and the debris are my fave apps.the burgers are pretty good, but twice i have received cold fries. but the free strawberry shortcake made up for it on the last time.not much i can say that has not already been said. it's either really good, or meh. i expect to eat here again. many times actually. i will just bring my lucky 18 sided die. .lol.yelp
4	1960, meet.... 1960.Durant's has not departed from that era, and I'm glad it hasn't. From the entrance along the red carpet in the kitchen, to the velvet covered walls, high back red booths, and staff in tuxedos, you know you are in for a treat as soon as you walk in. Hell, even the line cooks will wave hi and bye to you. Featured in the bar every afternoon is a killer happy hour, with half price domestic and well drinks. They typically draw a pretty good crowd that doesn't seem to let up until late in the evening. A lot of the clientele here is the well heeled group from Phoenix Country Club, Palmcroft, and other nicer neighborhoods. It's a diverse group from 20 somethings to the about to die blue hairs. The honest truth, as others have said, is that you can find a better steak. I would barely put Durant's in the top 10 with stars like Donovan's, Mastro's, BLT, J&G, etc. But Durant's isn't all about the steak, it's about the experience, one every phoenician should encounter at least once in their lifetime. The owners aren't the least bit accommodating either, as they don't have to be. The restaurant fills up almost every night. I still maintain that if it weren't for Durant's, a lot of people wouldn't even know what Central Avenue in Midtown looks like. I hear very often, oh, downtown, thats by Durant's right? Long live a Phoenix landmark.
5	I can sum up Durant's in four statements:1.  Great steak.2.  Stiff drinks.3.  Awesome service.4.  Relaxing atmosphere.I come here when I want something very specific.  When I want a slab of meat cooked perfectly to gorge myself on while a perfectly prepared drink sits at my elbow that is so good my liver actually rejoices at its slow and painful demise, both served to me by polite and professional staff in an atmosphere that reminds me of a cross between some 1920's cigar club and a plush VIP room in Vegas, I go to Durant's.Period.
5	If you have any interest whatsoever in Phoenix having a soul, or identity, or reason to be allowed to exist...please go to Durant's and take notes.  This is one of the very last vestiges of old school cool left in town.  This is one of the last places you can envision a star of decades past coming in and getting blitzed and creating history.  If that wasn't enough, they also pour some of the best martinis and specialty/throwback cocktails in town.  The Sidecar is fantastic, and if you are a Manhattan fan (this one's for you Dad), look no further.  As far as the food, this is one of those places where you can spend as much or as little as you like and leave happy.  If you just want a relatively affordable night at the bar, order the Durant's Debris and a Shrimp Cocktail, eat the complimentary garlic bread and leave stuffed and ecstatic.  If you want the full dining experience, get pretty much any entree (delmonico and salmon come especially recommended) a side of crab mac and cheese and the strawberry shortcake for dessert.  The service will be impeccable, that part is certain, and you will feel like you have stepped into a time or place where displaying a degree of class counted for something.  I prefer to dress to respect the establishment, but they have no such code, go comfortably.
5	Durant's is absolutely perfect.  A throwback steakhouse with classy wait staff, perfect cuts of meat, all the trimmings done to perfection, and utterly romantic.  Get a cozy semicircle booth if you like the people you're with.  I've never had a bad meal or a bad time there.Shiny red wallpaper?  Plaques on the wall commemorating six decades of people who've taken down the 48-ounce Porterhouse?  Cigar smoke wafting through the dimly-lit dining room?  (Well you'll have to imagine that last part, but believe me, it's not hard to.)  No wonder I catch a different Phoenix celebrity every time I'm there.  This must be where the goodfellas and muckitymucks go to drown their misery.Specifics: oysters rockefeller to die for, lettuce wedge of doom, the ribeye, the twice-baked tater and the shrooms.  Don't eat for like twelve hours before going though--you'll overorder for sure and they'll throw free food at you to boot!  (Bread with amazing tapenade, relish tray.)  It's Sunday morning and I'm still digesting Friday night's meal.  Oof. :)
3	So apparently, this is where the local politicians come to wheel and deal.  I totally see it, the place reminded me of some of the dark, cavernous, seething-with-history establishments in D.C.  The calamari was delicious as were the mini sliders.  We only went as far as appetizers.  Service, while it started out very good, started slipping.  We sat in a booth by the bar and while waters were constantly refilled and plates cleared, it took the waitress a half hour to bring the bill.  That is really inexcusable especially because we were in a hurry.  She also messed up a couple drink orders.  I admit that it was busy, but if she had too many tables, someone else should have stepped in.
4	**This is a review of the bar only**I am at least 15% cooler after having sipped on a vodka gimlet in the bar at Durant's. Sure I smelled like steak after I left and felt weird about walking through the kitchen to get in and out. But for the hour I was there, I was felt cool as shit.  And my drink wasn't half bad either.
5	We recently celebrated an anniversary at Durant's, and I still swear by it.  Best steak in Phoenix, +1 star for atmosphere, +1 star for service (top notch all the way around).  +1 for the meat, oh so good.  +1 for the bar.  Can I just go ahead and give it 10 stars?  It is, indeed, as good as it gets!The ribeye is just fantastic.
2	I really think that 2 stars is a fairly generous rating for this restaurant given my recent experience here.  Buy I will give points for the history and the ambiance, both of which I am very fond of.  The food, service and prices, however, were well off-base.I took a group of out-of-town business associates here during a conference at the Phoenix Convention Center.  I wanted to take them somewhere that is "uniquely Phoenix", and I felt that Durant's fit that description.  I have eaten here before, and i thought it was OK, but many of my same complaints were consistent on this visit.First, I hate restaurants where the bar makes you close the tab with them before you head to your table.  Any quality establishment should put the diner's convenience before the bartenders tip and allow you to transfer your bar tab to your table bill.  On a business function, this makes accounting very sticky, and is awkward when you have to stop, ask for the bar bill, run your card, sign it, then proceed to your table.  I know that bartenders do it to maximize their tips (I used to be one), but it is bush league, and should have no place in a restaurant like Durants.Our waiter was flat out terrible.  This little weasel obviously did not want to be there and let the world know it.  Not only was his attitude poor, but his timing was awful.  We sat for almost 3 hours, most of the time waiting for him to take orders or bring food.  We never saw the guy.  Our drinks were rarely if ever full, but he was sure to try and up-sell more bottles of wine when the time came.  When you are paying that kind of money to eat in a place like Durants, the server had better be representative of the price.  He was not.Durant's has a very, very strange pricing scheme.  some things are priced well, other things are absolutely obnoxious.  Specifically the appetizers are way out of line.  Apps were in the $15+ range which is flat out absurd.  I dont mind paying for food, but I do expect value, and you will NOT find it at Durants.  I ordered a stuffed potato with my steak instead of the standard baker and it was a $5 upgrade.  That is ridiculous.The food was pretty good - the oysters Rockefeller were outstanding and were clearly the best part of the dinner.  My steak, a $51 bone in ribeye, was on the poor side of average and worth about $11.  Very tough and fibrous, I was not impressed.  It was tasty, but I have had far, far better elsewhere on many occasions.  Again, it was the value that annoyed me about this place.Avoid the crab macaroni and cheese at all costs.  Horrible.  Barely edible, no flavor, the large rigatoni's didnt really go with the white cheese cream sauce and chunks of crab.  Pretty bad.I will say that the wine was very WELL priced, and we appreciated that.  Once again, the inconsistency in pricing was perplexing.The thing that really, really blew it for me though was the 48oz Porterhouse challenge.  The thing is like $85 and "if you can eat it all" your name goes on the wall.  We bet one of my colleagues that he could not finish it, and each guy threw in $20 as a prize.  The steak arrived and it was about 35oz of bone and about 12oz of meat.  My mother could have finished that steak and ordered desert.  This is one of the biggest marketing scams that I have ever seen in a restaurant.  The whole "challenge" concept is obviously designed to get you to order an $85 steak.  My ribeye had more meat on it and was probably harder to eat.  We should have known what to expect when we asked the waiter how many people finish it, and he said "about 5 people order it each day, and about 3 out of 5 finish it."  Pathetic.So if you are going out for a drink in Phoenix, head to Durants and have a martini at the bar.  Order the oysters Rockefeller while you are there.  These aspects of the restaurant are really, really great.  Then finish your drink and head to another steakhouse for a great steak that will not disappoint you like Durant's.
5	Durant's totally hit the spot when my girlfriend and I craved some fine dining. She had been to this place a few times before and raved about it. So I finally made the trip to Phoenix along with her (she was on business) and had a great meal at Durant's. It really is a wonderful restaurant. Fine service, great presentation, nice and large bar area with every spirit you could imagine, mood lighting, lively atmosphere, free AND valet parking, centrally located. Are these enough reasons to try it?I had grilled swordfish and mashed potatoes. Very yummy! Girlfriend got grilled bacon-wrapped scallops. Those were the best. I could have eaten 10 of them. The leftovers were even good the next day. Drinks were strong but pricey. The dish of celery, carrots and radishes on rock salt and ice were a nice touch too. Definitely worth the price.
5	A Wonderful Experience!  Truly great food served by Outstanding Wait-staff.  Really worth saving up for.
4	Went looking for a nice spot for dinner on our one night in Phoenix. Yelp came through. We made our reservations through Open Table. Even made a special request for a semi-circle booth (thanks to one of the Yelp reviews!).  Our reservation was for 8 pm on a Friday night. We were actually sitting in our semi-circle booth at 8:30- granted, had we not specified where we wanted to sit, I'm quite certain it wouldn't have taken so long.  Nevertheless, we got a chance to look at the restaurant decor and watch the staff in action.  Seems like this place gets a lot of longstanding customers and a lot of new people. An interesting mix- there was a guy wearing a bright yellow hawaiian shirt, brown suspenders and high water velvet tuxedo pants with sandals!  Then there's the date crowd, the middle-aged party animals, and random sprinklings of other like us. I had the New York steak- medium with the baked potato and clam chowder for my appetizer (which came WITH the meal thank-you-very-much). The hubby had the Delmonico- medium rare with garlick mashed potatoes and clam chowda. We came to a consensus that my steak was seasoned far better than his...possibly his didn't have time to cook/marinate in its own juices since it was so rare? Who knows. We walked away satisfied for under a hundred bucks.Side note- we came with a bottle of wine we were hoping to have...and quickly found out that since the restaurant has such an extensive collection of wines (over 450), they do not allow corkage. Back to the car we went! Additionally, valet parking is complimentary and there really was no dress code. We came business casual....but found people in there in tank tops and jeans.
4	Tradition at it's most... er.... um.... traditional. Every time i eat here i feel like i have been transported to any number of old family owned steakhouses on the North Shore of Long Island, or Brooklyn. The plush red velvet, the dark wood and button tufted leather... The place just screams STUFFY BUSINESS LUNCH. My first experience here was with a bunch of lawyer friends who were dying for meatloaf or a steak with creamed spinach... The entrance is through the kitchen. That may seem a little odd, but I'd bet it sells dinners. Who can resist the wonderful aroma. By the time you reach your table, you crave rare beef, as red as the decor. It's the kind of place where you forgo the trendy drinks and have a Scotch with a splash,or a Rob Roy before dinner. The steaks are perfectly prepared, the garlic mashed potatoes are wonderful. I love the place. It isn't cheap, and admittedly, i have never paid for my own meal there. It has always been a treat from some friend who wears a suit to work, or some more traditional back easterner who wants to share their bit of meat and potato lovers heaven.
4	This place is about as "traditional" as a steakhouse can get. Wood paneling everywhere, stuffed red leather chairs, linens, waiters in black vests and bow ties, the whole nine yards. It's like you walked into downtown Chicago 40 years ago. I also love the fact that you enter through the kitchen...nice touch! This review is predicated on the fact that my wife and I both ordered exactly the same thing, so it's kinda one-note. We started with a crab bisque...really good! Strong crab flavor, creamy, it's obvious they've been doing this stuff for a long time because it just had an old-fashioned, old family recipe kind of taste. We both had ribeyes on the waiter's recommendation. We were going to order the 70 oz porterhouse for 2 but we had a nice discussion with the waiter about the difference in cuts and ended up with our old standby, ribeye. The waiter was very knowledgeable about steaks but you expect that at this kind of place. Honestly, after racking my brain over all the steaks I've had in all kinds of steakhouses, I think this may be the best one I've ever had. Perfectly rare, nicely seasoned and loaded with flavor. It tasted as though they'd just slaughtered the cow. Just perfect! Also extremely good garlic mashed potatoes. The asparagus side was steamed, plain, and just eh. The desserts were just okay, which leads to the reason Durant's only gets 4 stars and not 5. The prices were extremely high. Our ribeyes were $59 each; the plain, steamed asparagus was $9 and a slice of cheesecake and a slice of not-very-good key lime pie were $9.50 each! You could make an argument for steaks of that quality at that price, but certainly not for the dessert. Overall though, still very good. We just know now to get the straight up dinner and avoid the sides and desserts in the future.
4	Trust the positive reviews...   This place is like no other.   When I travel for work to Phoenix, this is the first place I think about whether I get there or not.  I've been going here since 1988.During the right time of the year they fly in stone crabs.  You are not a true Arizonian if you haven't been here.....  What an institution....  I wish I had this place in Los Angeles.....
5	Durant's is an icon. Every photographer in Phoenix can show you at least one portrait of a political figure or celebrity they have shot in these hallowed (red flocked) walls. Every single person you come into contact with as you walk through the kitchen into the restaurant says hello to you. I just have one more thing to say: when you order a beer at the bar it comes topped with a toothpick skewered with meat and cheese. Respect.
5	Flashback to the 70's....picture Henry Hill, Jimmy Conway, Tommy DeVito and Paul Cicero crowded close together in one of the red circular booths in a darkened corner. Can you see it? This is how I felt when I walked into Durant's the other night after seeing Brian Regan at the Dodge Theater. Red velvet flecked wall paper, dark carpeting with a design straight out of a casino and bartenders in ties......this place was the bomb. Our waitress was professional, attentive and efficient. You can tell that some of the wait staff have worked here for years (but not like in that "I work in a dive diner because I have no other choice" way). These people CHOOSE to work here, and you can tell they love their jobs. This attitude comes through in how they treat their customers. While I was not that hungry and only had a salad and baked potato, my dining companion ordered the fillet mignon, scallops and garlic mashed potatoes. When he said the scallops were the best he had ever tasted, I skewered one and gave it a try....the rush must be what heroin addicts feel when they shoot up for the first time. It was perfect! Although the fillet was tender, the flavor was a bit off; however even at less than 100% it beat most steak places hands down. My baked potato was anything but ordinary...twice baked and stuffed with cheese and other gooey goodness, it was a meal in itself. For dessert we ordered the strawberry shortcake for two. When the waitress pulled up in the crane to drop it on the table, we realized this thing was really for five or six people, not two. The strawberries were covered in a sweet and light glaze, which did not soak through and make the short cake soggy (I hate that). We ate in the dining room in front of the bar, which afforded us a delightful view of the incredibly diverse crowd that came in that night. It was both a culinary and visual delight. The cherry on the top? Exiting through the kitchen. As I left I thought I could hear the faint sounds of "Layla" drifting through the air....or maybe it was my imagination.
5	Dark, mysterious and sexy....this has got to be the best place to hit last after a mini light rail pub crawl ever.  We start at Switch, head to Portlands, eat at Carly's, a drink at Amsterdam's and then as a night cap, the great big, giant, delicious, vivacious, stupendous shrimp cocktail at Durant's with one last Martini for the night.  Its like getting the kiss from your dream prom date as a junior in high school with the promise more action to come.  The drinks they make are always spot on and the bartenders are dressed up in vests and remind me of Lloyd on the Shining "your money is no good here Mr. Torrence."Lunch at Durants is exceptional, although pricey.  But any of the cuts of beef are extrordinary and the salads (Seafood Louie) are magnificent.  The bread that they serve has a delicious olive oil pesto type sauce on it that is smooth and buttery, it makes my waistline grow as we sit at the table. The atomic Horseradish that they have will leave you with no nose hairs at all, it is very strong and so hits the spot with any of the beef dishes and they put a dollop of it right square in the middle of your cocktail sauce with your shrimp cocktail.If you have a little cash to burn, or want to impress a lunch or dinner date with good food in a historic Phoenix downtown setting, or if you want a nightcap with drinks that are worth the price, I recommend trying this place. If you go in though, do me a favor and imagine yourself riding down the hallway of an old swanky hotel on a big wheel, where the floor alternates wood and carpet.....this place is the Shining baby!
5	had a wonderful lunch today with two of my favorite ladies. Ms Cha Cha and the illustrious Tiphanie Brooke. it was a two part birthday lunching as it was Ms. Cha Cha's birthday last week and mine is upcoming. we agreed upon Durant's as its usually one of my favorite places for birth celebrations.i got a burger, the BBQ Cheddar Bacon burger..it was a deliciously sloppy wonderfully sexy in a beefy way. okay. Tiphanie enjoyed the prime rib cut and it was perfectly rare and melted in ones mouth...yes it melted in mine..so i can judge that. Ms Cha Cha enjoyed the other delicious burger with bacon on it..Bacon Burger...no fancy naming..oh well.5 stars? well as my previous review stated it can be awesome or so so. well today was awesome and i probably shouldn't have been so wishy washy about it before. i have always had a great time here..rarely has the food been subpar. so back to the top i take my rating. do i suggest this place to my friends and strangers alike? yea..it's a tradition.
5	If you are staying in Phoenix for any length of time, this is a must stop for at least a cocktail.  From walking through the kitchen, to being seated promptly in a booth, this is quintessential gastronomic delight.  Durant's is an icon and legend. Period.  Wine list is great, have a well-versed sommelier also.  I never order Filet, but when in Rome...
5	It takes guts to be a steakhouse with a pink exterior, red velvet brocade wallpaper and an entrance through the kitchen. I give them five stars just for having the balls to pull that off -- and for being able to pull it off for nearly 60 years. Yes, this place is a Phoenix landmark. Anything over 20 years is considered a landmark here, so this place is actually ancient by Phoenix standards. Although I've lived in Phoenix my entire 31 (almost 32) years, I never had the pleasure to dine at Durant's until about a year ago.  I came for a work dinner and was pleased to have had a great first experience.My second experience at Durant's was for lunch. And this time, the experience was better than great, it was fantastic! I had the French Dip, which is one of my favorite sandwiches. I've tired them at many different places, and have found a few that were pretty decent.  But that was until I tried Durant's French Dip. Holy Cow!  The meat was so tender it literally melted in my mouth.  And there was plenty of it!  I seriously don't know how I managed to eat what I did.  It didn't look like that much, but man oh man, it was piled on there. And to add to the deliciousness of the French Dip, I got sweet potato fries.  Yowzer!  What a decadent meal. I needed a serious siesta afterward.Both visits to Durant's were true culinary and mouthwatering pleasures. It is a little pricey for an all-the-time spot, but for a special occasion, it is definitely the place to go. Plus, it has got history and panache. And who the hell doesn't like both those things in a restaurant?!
3	It is a unique place, very old Phoenix.
5	Durant's is top. When you first pull up, this place reminds you of the many shit-hole bars you been too. As you walk in, to a pleasant surprise, you walk through the immaculate kitchen with wood burning fire and are greeted by the head chef and his sous' (which reminds me of the Steadicam shot in Goodfellas). Then you are greeted by the low lit, red velvet interior with the classical c-shaped red leather booth's. The waitstaff are very good and extremely consistent. They are in no hurry to move your table which I greatly respect. Don't forget to devour the complimentary bread and ask for another round. I recommend ordering the oysters rockefeller app, house salad with Roquefort and filet mignon w/twice baked potato. Sublime! You will be stuffed so wear your fat clothes. If you have room, the strawberry shortcake desert is delicious (or have them box it up to go!). The wine list is very unique and would please any wine snob or casual wine-o. Pulling up a seat to the bar is not a bad gig either as the bartenders are very friendly and good conversation can be made with the "coug's" surrounding. Best part, dress how you want. I've seen CEO's dressed to the T's and white-trash "Chaz" in frayed jean shorts with a mullet of Utopian proportions. Prices have jumped a bit in the last 2 years but still well worth it (and whose prices haven't jumped?). If you take a date here and fornication is absent from your night, you have less game than Atari 2600.
5	Whenever I start leaning toward being a vegetarian like my daughter is, I remember the smell and taste of that scrumptious, melt-in-your-mouth filet mignon at Durant's. And the hot fudge sundae for dessert? Dang, just can't beat it. The bartenders are old school--not too aloof, not fawning, just professional and classy. The best.
3	Durant's, I wanted to like you. I really did. I'm a huge fan of steakhouses, particularly ones with as much character as you clearly do. But what you did to my $51 bone-in ribeye was too unspeakable to allow me to recommend this place to anyone. But I'm getting ahead of myself.I was able to get past the fact that the server looked like a mix between an airport bartender and a blackjack dealer at a casino on an indian reservation. In fact, I kind of appreciated it as sort of a promising omen of the character and history I expected from the esteemed Durant's Steakhouse of Phoenix. Surely this veteran of the steakhouse circuit would have her routine polished and provide a truly memorable experience.Sadly, I was mistaken. She could barely answer simple questions about the cuts of meat coherently. She was slow and inattentive, and got our appetizer orders wrong.OK, I can get past that. Just having a bad day right? Well here comes my delicious bone in ribeye, mesquite grilled to precisely the "just barely medium rare" specifications I had so politely and clearly requested.Wrong again. Perhaps near the bone was an area of steak that one could charitably label "medium rare." most of it was much closer to medium and the periphery approached carbonization. In fact, I could not finish it (a first for me). Sadly, by the time our server reappeared to ask how everything was, I was no longer hungry. Of  course, she expressed remorse and offered to make it right (bringing the table a complementary order of passable strawberry shortcake), but it was going to take more than strawberry preserves, poundcake and whipped cream to get the taste of charcoal out of my mouth.If you want excellent steak, as much as it pains me to say it, stick with Ruths Chris or Mastro's. If you want Old Phoenix flavor and are OK with rolling the dice with your meat preparation, give Durant's a shot.
5	I ate hear the other day for lunch and had the most tender and fried to perfection Chicken Fired Steak. I now live in OK were CFS is on every menu. That State brags about how they make the best. Well I had to come home to get the best, It was very tender and not greasy at all $14.75 got you a cup of soup or salad, along with mashed potatoes and some grilled veggies. This rocked. I have not been hear for dinner, however they were packed for lunch! If you work or are near the central district check it out!
4	Great old 50's ambiance. Waiters and bartenders are professionals and ensure that you have a good dining experience. Steaks are good. My preference is always the rib eye. I also like to order the stone crab when it's in season.
4	This review is for the bar ONLY! First time I came in here it was packed to this gills, and no where to sit so we left.. Next!Second time I came here I met 2 of the strangest old women I've ever encountered who tried to reel me into a marketing scam, wouldn't shut up about how lovely I was and how both of them wanted me as their daughter, then performed Reiki on me and my friend, waving their hands all around us eyes closed and chanting.. in front of the everyone. I couldn't help but bust out in laughter. Bartender laughed too, then poured more bourbon in my glass and winked.I really liked this place aside from the geriatric nonsense. Great vibe & I loved the entrance, you walk right through the kitchen and can observe the chefs working their magic. The interior is dark and sexy, with some of the coolest wallpaper I've ever seen.I am hoping to write an update soon, because I desperately want to try the steak that I have heard so much about, but $60 for dinner is a little out of my budget, thanks to our economical crisis and being unemployed. *sigh*
4	I would have given Durant's a fifth star, except that the quality has declined in recent years and I must punish them for that.  Durant's is nonetheless a classic.I miss the great times dining here with my grandfather when he was still around.  He could always point out the notable lawyers and politicos at dinner time, and I could tell that he enjoyed carrying on his tradition as much as I enjoyed playing a part in it.What also used to be.... truly exceptional service!  It's still great, but I have the fondest memories of the last generation of wait staff.  They always recognized the regulars even if we hadn't been there for several months.  Likewise, they would often remember our regular orders.  This place practically defined classy dining for me as I was growing up, which is why I've always gone there for birthdays.In more recent years, I admit I've been less loyal, although it appears that others are keeping them busy enough in the mean time.  But I recently learned a new way to enjoy Durant's on a budget.  A few weeks ago, I took some clients there for lunch and had yet another great experience.  The menu revolves around burgers at lunch time, which I wouldn't dream of ordering for dinner, but they are indeed tasty.  I think I will be back soon for another lunch, if not dinner and cocktails as well.
2	Durant's is a difficult experience to quantify. The entrance through the kitchen in the back is odd, especially when the smell of freshly-cooked food mixes with the unpleasant odor of dishes being washed. The interior is old-line steakhouse, somewhat dark with lots of red light. It has a faded-jewel feel to it, but not in a good way. More tired than careworn, if you will. They bill themselves as fine dining, but it certainly was not based on design or presentation.The waiter was personable, if a bit bombastic, but it was clear that the John Gotti-esque party of ten seated next to us was the bigger tip and would get the lion's share of the attention. That was a shame because we were there for the experience and at least two of the three of us are generous tippers.I ordered the Durant's 20-oz Delmonico with roasted garlic mashed potatoes, my friend Bruce the 8oz filet mignon. My steak was good, but not memorable. Bruce found the filet mignon to be very pleasant.In sum: the decor was deadly boring/worn, the service punctual but perfunctory, and the food good but not an 'experience' as Durant's was billed. If I lived in Phoenix, I would not be back. When I return next year, I will pass it by.
5	I'm not sure if Durant's is really 5-star worthy, but something about it, I gotta say I like...a lot.I also don't know what mind boggling insightful information I can provide after 90 plus reviews, but I'll put in my 2 cents (dammit, here we go again with the lack of a cents key on my keyboard--typewriters have them you know!) which will buy you nothing BTW.Yes, there's red velvet wallpaper and one could argue the interior is more like a "before" shot, but that's part of its charm ("charm"...one of those words you don't like to read in a real estate listing, much like "cozy" or "up & coming neighborhood.")  But I think anyone over the age of 40...I'm not saying I am over 40 mind you...will appreciate the comfortable, recognizable, glimpse into the past it offers you.  I would have never seen the inside of a place like Durant's as a kid since I would have either been left at home or sent to the car (my parents had no problems with sticking you in the car even when it was 110 outside), but I can imagine this is what I missed.Service did start a little rocky.  Rocky as in at least 10-15 minutes for someone to even consider taking a drink order.  But when I ordered a sloe gin fizz, I did not get a blank stare, however, I'm pretty sure I did not get sloe gin either.  There was a little overkill on the sweet, so hard to tell.  Once we were able to order a drink, service was impeccable...see what a drink in hand can do for you?  We had oysters rockefeller which were seriously delicious, and I had the scallop and filet combination.  Scallops were perfectly seared and the filet was almost fork tender.  Garlic mashed potatoes were not hot enough, nor garlicky enough either.  But I forgot all about that when I saw the size of the strawberry shortcake.  When you're sharing, size does matter.So I love Durant's in spite of a few shortcomings, and I would happily return.  Maybe in a few years, when my dad is really old, I can send his ass to the car.
4	So maybe I am partial because my hubby makes their grills...Excellent food in a very old school establishment.
5	The original downtown "power" restaurant.  I could start a cult based solely on their bread with the garlic-leek-butter drizzled on top.  Everything on the menu is tasty, but don't expect Mastro's style steaks, great quality, just more of an old school broiler style.  Don't miss the "debris" as an app, delightful little skewers of grilled beef and veggies (they make a perfect lunch as well).  The red velvet walls, red leather booths and throwback waitstaff only add to the authentic Rat Pack feel.  Growing up in AZ every great story involving local politics seemingly involved the bar here.  Truly a local treasure.
1	The ONLY thing I like about this dinasour is entering through the kitchen.Unfriendly bartenderS, two of them, food is ok, but let's not go crazy here, it's not great.  Just another "institiution" that gets a free pass because...I don't know why they get a free pass.The red-flocked wall paper is older than dirt; so are the waitresses.  Just so mediocre.  So many other places to go.
4	What a great place.  A little dark, dark wood that you would expect in an old steakhouse, experienced servers that know what their doing.  The french dip is a large portion, tender, and with perfect au jus.  The bacon BBQ onion and cheddar burger was a favorite also.  Good starter salad and fries as well.  Wines by the glass were fine.  They were packed for lunch but they were able to seat us almost right away.  The quality of the food and service were both great.  I would give it 4 1/2 stars.
5	Durant's makes me feel cool, maybe even like a celebrity.One night, while dining with my ex, two men behind us just couldn't take their eyes off of us.  When my ex alerted me to the fact that we had an audience, I realized that one of the men was a friend of my mothers.  I turned around to say hello and it turned out they weren't staring at us because they recognized us.  They were staring because they thought my boyfriend was Jesse Metcalfe, lol.Like I'd ever date that tool... although, he is kinda cute.Anyway, go to Durant's and maybe someone will confuse you or your date with a minor celebrity.  .
5	Nothing like a good ole fashioned steakhouse.  Durant's is one of the restaurants that Phoenix truly tends to miss alot because of our young age as a city, and the amount of turn around in restaurants in the downtown corridor.  Many of the restaurants have gone out of business, so there are very few that aren't new and hip.There is just something to say about a restaurant that has been doing it right for decades.I went back this past weekend and really enjoyed my time at Durant's.  We started off with an order of Oysters Rockefeller and their wonderful bread covered in better and garlic and deliciousness.  The oysters were absolutely perfect.  Next up was the house salad with blue cheese, nothing special here, but it was done to perfection in a classic house salad manner.  For the main course, I went with prime rib, which is always perfect.  I went with the baked potato this time over the garlic mashed (both are great).We have made this an annual tradition before a friends 50/60s Hollywood Christmas Party, and the atmosphere fits our attire absolutely perfectly.I can't wait to come back.
5	Durant's reminds me of good lovin'. Not your everyday, ho-hum go thru the motions experience.  I mean the good stuff:  smooth talking, old fashioned seduction followed by moaning, sweat, and fireworks.  Then perhaps a cigarette.Dig.
5	I can never get enough of Durant's  . Maybe it's because of the fifties vibe that make me envision men in dark suits and old ladies with fur stoles. Maybe it's the walking into the kitchen with no apologies or awkardness just a big hello and on with the show. I love the traditional food of the place, my succulent shrimp cocktail , oysters  with hottest horseradish know to man , thick meaty prime rib and a lovely lemon drop cocktail that begs me to keep sipping away.  The place just symbolizes a different style and era of dining and I love it. If  they get rid of that red velvet flocked wallpaper I will seriously cry .
5	I have only been to Durant's a couple of times for drinks and dessert, but it was just such a cool place that now I have to go back for dinner. The beginning: Even though I know it's commonplace, I still felt weird entering through the kitchen.  The atmosphere: If the cast of Mad Men were on location in Phoenix, they'd totally be at Durant's inhaling scotch. The lowdown: Our server was professional and helpful-suggesting wines for us as well as dessert options. We went with the strawberry shortcake and received a gynormous plate heaped with enough delectable amazing-ness to feed six people easily! The moist, spongy shortcake was topped with fresh berries, lots of whipped cream and then sprinkled with chocolate flakes. DEEEElicious!   The verdict: Two thumbs up! To do list: Eat dinner here.
5	This is my favorite place to go! Not only is the food amazing, the ambiance is what makes the place shine. The bread that they give you at the start of your meal is so delicious and fresh. The steaks are always cooked to perfection and even the garlic mashed potatoes were the best I have ever had. We ordered the strawberry shortcake for two and it was literally a foot and a half long and so delicious! Needless to say, we took alot of food home that night! If it weren't so expensive I think my husband and I would go there once a week!
5	Well they have done it again!Durant's is the coolest steakhouse in Phoenix.  Let's start with entering through the kitchen, YES I know everyone talks about it but, I love that the staff greets you like you are a regular even if you are not. Next the red velvet walls, the booths, the low lighting, the old school photos, and an actual phone booth, all fling you back to the 50's when the place opened and when people dressed up for dinner.  Oh and the bar! That full length bar with rounded ends and the huge padded arm rest that always makes me think that after my meal I could take a quick nap before dessert.  The bar is actually where I prefer to eat dinner.  Don't roll your eyes until you try it.On to the food.  I am not one to tell someone what steak they should choose, so let's just say they are all great.  What I am good at is telling people is what the must have items are on the menu.  On the top of my list are the onion rings.  These are the best onion rings on the planet and yes I have gone there just for those and drinks.  The stone crab is a must (if it is even available on the night you go) Oh and of course save room for the strawberry shortcake I mean it!One last thought.  If you appreciate a great cocktail, and I mean cocktail (Manhattan, Old Fashioned, Martini etc.) that is made correctly with the right amount of each ingredient and has the correct garnish this is your place for happy hour!
5	We went to Durants for our anniversary.  The service was amazing, the food was incredible.  We shared a steak that was out of this world.Then to top it off they brought us some sort of strawberry desert of which I'm still having flashbacks.Had gone to Durants many times for drinks.....this was my first dinner here and it was awesome!
5	great service and food.  awsome place to bring out-of-town friends.  martinis and bar staff are professional and knowledgeable!  best martinis in town.
5	Never a disappointment going to this place. The service is always impeccable. They will customize any entree you want. Lots of good memories, and tasty business has gone down at this location. Definately one of my more favorite locations for a steak house.
3	Better off going to Mastro or Flemings etc..  Plate was cold and steak was not prepared right.  Spend your money some where else...great ambience but food is at best mediocre...
3	Not that impressed with steaks here....cool walking throught the kitchen but cold plate and dry steak is not what I call great stake house
4	If you really know Phoenix then you've most likely visited this restaurant in the downtown area. Ive had the lunch and dinner experience here and found both to my liking. The soup and sandwich that I enjoyed for lunch was reasonably priced an flavorful. In fact I was somewhat supprised at the lunch value of this higher priced establishment. For dinner the fresh Snow Crab was a nice compliment to my Surf and Turf experience. The menu is large enough to satisfy a broad spectrum of palates. The entry through the kitchen from the rear of the restaurant is somewhat odd but this has been the way for many years and is unlikely to change. Some may enjoy this peek into the kitchen while others may find it somewhat disruptive to the formal dining experience. I enjoy this restaurant with its fresh food and decor from years past. Avoid this one if you are looking for a casual quiet evening as Durants is often packed throughout the evening. A couple cocktails at the bar, business meeting or a social dinner with friends is a more the feel here. Service is fantastic as many of the staff has remained for more than a decade.
3	Underwhelming - that's the only word for it. I was really sad about that, too. I went with great expectations of an "old school" evening out. The decor didn't disappoint. The dark, heavy furnishings work well in the dim lighting. The nail-head accented upholstery looks right at home against the velvet flowered wallpaper. The host wears a tux and the waiters were similarly attired. The service was, for the most part, excellent, though they did have a hard time keeping up with us on the water. But they figured it out.Really it was the food that I'm giving 3.5 stars. It was good. But for those prices in that atmosphere with their reputation and history ... well, good just doesn't cut it. I could have had good in a couple of dozen places for half the price. For example, I had salmon. It was good. It came with mashed potatoes that were reputed to be garlicky, and a salad that was mixed greens, three croutons and half a bottle of dressing. It cost about $30. The thing is, I had an equally good piece of salmon recently at Arcadia Farms for around $12 or $13. We shared a fruit crisp for dessert and it was the same thing. We paid $10 for a scoop of ice cream, a bowl of granola and a hint of apples and peaches. We could have gone up the street a block to Fez and had a much better dessert for less.So I guess what I'd say about Durant's is this: go somewhere else - twice.
5	Had an excellent lunch on my 1st visit recently. Appetizers of chicken livers and fried calamari ( more tentacles please ) were great, followed by a couple of sandwiches of gargantuan proportions. These were equally good as well as the service, which was the best I have seen in years. A couple of cold beers and we were good to go. Walked in through a kitchen entrance, a very nice touch. My visit was like stepping back in time, food, atmosphere and service from another era.  Lunch for two $104.00, not cheap, so talk some business and expense it. I loved the place and will be back.
5	I learned about Durants from Yelp while on a business trip to Phoenix. The rave reviews are true: Yes you walk through the kitchen; and there is velvet on the walls, etc. Great ambiance.The food was outstanding. I had the rib-eye steak. Service was great too.Bottom line, my wife joined me later in the week and we went to Durants again!
4	Durants is a great place to go have a nice dinner. Very dark in the dining room... I have eaten here twice. Both times that i was here i had the 18 oz ribeye which i was very happy with. It comes with your choice of garlic mashed, rice, or baked... the mashed were good.  It also came with the choice of soup or salad before the entree. The first time i came here i tried the soup, it was a corn chowder, it was pretty good for a starter.  The second time i was here i got a ceaser salad, ehh.... We also had the strawberry shortcake.... very good... enough for about 4-6 people tho... $$$
3	Solid 3.5 stars and oh so close to 4.  It's a good thing my drink was expertly made and my steak had great flavor, otherwise, I would have knifed the Affliction t-shirt wearing d-bag in the next table just on principle alone.  Come on!  You are at Durant's...it is classic, maybe not so classy anymore, but it is the kind of place Frank and Sammy might have dined in style and your go to is your Affliction t-shirt and cargo shorts?!  Really?  I will never get this town.  Maybe you don't need to suit up and go all out like me and my superbly dressed date, then again, I assure you Frank and Sammy would have approved -- oh right, you don't know who that is.Dress of the patrons aside, the experience was very good.  The interior is a cross between a 1960s lounge and a 1970s Chinese restaurant.  The red booths and walls look great but I could live without the packed in 4 tops in the middle of the restaurant, and some of the lighting is straight out of the Great Wall.  And why must there be a 1980s tube TV hanging on the wall in plain view of the dining room?  I had hoped there would be some attempt to preserve authenticity, if not by the diners, at least by the establishment.My personal version of the Vesper martini - half Belvedere and half Sapphire with a twist was perfectly mixed.  Now the waitress had substantial memory issues...but at least we got what we ordered and didn't feel rushed.  The wine selection is good and relatively reasonable in price.  My bone-in ribeye had fantastic flavor and was much larger than my wine and martini filled stomach could tackle.With a few small fixes Durant's is 4 stars...unfortunately I suspect those are fixes lost on the masses.  A worthy trip for a cocktail and a meal.
3	The food was ok.  Honestly, the prime rib wasn't seasoned at all, the soup (shrimp bisque) was out of this world salty, and the sides I tried - rice pilaf, garlic mashed potatoes, crab mac and cheese, and sauteed mushrooms weren't that special.  I don't get the bread at all, its soaked in olive oil and there's cooked green peppers and onion bits on top.  The juiciest dry bread I've ever had if that makes any sense.But I will probably go back because:  A) the atmosphere and decor is unique, B) its a fancy restaurant but not overly stuffy, and C) for a fancy restaurant the prices were reasonable for the portions.  Not a value meal by any means, but I was particularly impressed with the 5 dollar add a plate deal.  My boyfriend and I decided to split the largest prime rib dinner and the waiter offered this option - for 5 dollars we get separate soup/salad, potato side choices and our own cut of meat.  Great deal.  All in all, A-ok but I would've given 3.5 stars if that was an option.
5	This place is a big part of phoenix history with the elite wining and dining here for decades.  The decor is from another time, and in a good way.  they actually still do the old time fantastic service you dont get anywhere anymore and the food is always superb.  even if its just for drinks and desert you have to go at least once and you'll probably be back again if they treat you right like I know they will.
5	I love the decor in this place - there is so much history and class. The food was beyond phenomenal and the service was top-notch!
5	What a place!!! This restaurant is very warm and welcoming. The staff is very courteous and we were waited on every step of the way. The food is amazing!! My wife ordered the halibut and it was cooked really well (just right) - it was flaky and moist. I ordered the ribeye and it was very nice, although cooked just a little longer that I would have normally wanted, but it tasted great. We ordered sauteed mushrooms and we got some of the most wonderful spiced and wined mushrooms we ever had. Salads were great and so was that bread that was drowned in the artichoke dressing or whatever that was. Don't forget desert. Not cheap... at all... but you go there for a very special experience. We went for Mother's Day. This place is a win. Do not leave this planet without having tried it.
5	After a long week of running a partner conference, myself and the team wanted something unique to Phoenix, AZ, which had a good steak and seafood combo.  Thanks to Yelp, Durant's came up.  After confirming with the concierge at the resort, we realized the place is pretty legit.So we are in the car, driving up, and we pull up at the stoplight across the street.  Looking across, the place looked like a strip club.  Pink building with no windows.....seriously, do we abort?  Ahhh heck, let's do this."  So the 10 of us go in.  When you walk in, you enter through the kitchen.  The wall paper is red and looks like it has texture to it.  "ok, are we making the right choice? Yes, we are here let's do it"I ordered the Bone in Ribeye and let me tell you, it was to die for.  Even better than that was the scallops and loaded baked potato. Dessert came, and oh snap daddy likes. Creme brulee in three styles: coconut rum, chocolate and berry.Would I recommend it again?...heck yes!  Rock on Durant's
5	This steakhouse in Phoenix is a historic landmark!  Step into the walls of this establishment, and you'll be whisked back in time to an era where you could imagine Frank Sanatra and James Dean dining on steak in the corner booth.  The service, food and ambiance is not to be missed.  They do steak the way it should be done, and many amazing dishes!
5	I recently stumbled across Durant's while I was downtown. This is quite a gem. I felt like I could have seen the characters of Goodfella's walk through the door at any minute.The decor is classy, old and dark. Very vintage-classic steakhouse. Its refreshing to go to a restaurant and totally feel like your in another time. All the staff was nice, knowledgeable and attentive. The food is to die for. Seeing as I only went there for lunch, I had a sandwich and sweet potato fries (which were the best I have ever had). Hopefully one day I can go back and try what they're famous for, steak! I would 100% recommend this place for anything from an intimate date to a place to impress your boss.
5	ok, so if you do not get the Filet Mignon...you will miss out. Melt in your mouth delectible!! We celebrated our anniversary with them and  we were treated like royalty. complimentary Creme Brule even!! And the wait staff were fabulous, a waiter who majes all your meal decisions seem like the greatest decision since the soviets took down the wall. Great talent, never an empty glass, most needs anticipated with ease.
3	So my fellow yelpers were on point again. This place. Was OK.I have training here in AZ and was told by one of the fellow business guys this was the place to go. However he had French cuffs held together by paper clips so immediately his opinion was suspect.Of course I checked this site. The reviews made me a Tad nervous but the girl I brought was already buzzing from the pool bar and I was tired so we went anyways.Drinks were awesome and the service I got was also great. Of course the lady and myself were looking pretty good so that may of had something to do with it.I had the rib eye and my chick had some sort of fish. Both dishes while not bad were rather uninspired. Nothing that I wanted to text back home about awesome steak or anything.I will come back for the booze. We will see about golf out here tomorrow in 6billion degree weather. Don't know how the locals deal with this heat. Must be part camel or something.
5	I am in love with Durant's! I went for dinner last night expecting a quiet meal in a near empty place (on a Monday) and got just the opposite. It was like Saturday night at Durant's. All of the tables were filled and people were standing around waiting to fill the ones most recently vacated. We ordered a bottle of wine and perused the menu. I have to say that I love the fact that your entree comes with sides included instead of having to order everything a la carte, that is annoying. I decided on the  scallops and boy was I happy! There were seven scallops, and they were big ones! They were cooked perfectly- so tender and moist and amazing! I didn't want the meal to end. Someone ordered the halibut, which would have been my second choice and it was a great piece of fish! The steaks looked good as well but I only had eyes for fish on this visit. And potatoes. I had a baked but tasted the roasted garlic mashed and would definitely go with the mashed next time. They were incredible!Everything about Durant's was amazing: the service, ambiance, food, the feeling. Its definitely a one of a kind establishment that we are lucky to have in Phoenix.
5	Hands down the best steakhouse/fine dinning experience in Phoenix.  If you are in the mood for a true experience Durants is the best.  I love entering from the kitchen, it is nice to see where your food is coming from.  The ambiance reminds you of a scene from a 1940's movie, you full on expect Frank Sinatra to sit down next to you and order a martini.  Not to mention that the food and the staff are amazing.  I come here for all my special celebrations and make it a point to let out of town guests experience Durants as well.
3	Went here for lunch recently while in the area. I've heard so many good things about Durant's that I thought I better check it out. I've lived in Phoenix over 22 years and have never been to this landmark Phoenix steakhouse.    The food was just OK.   It didn't WOW me.   I ordered a sirloin it came with salad, veggies and baked potato.  Other person in the party ordered on of the "Fatman's" specials.    These specials change daily.  He chose the blackened prime rib sandwich.   It had cheese and onion rings on top.   The bread they serve is topped with olive oil, basil, leeks and garlic.    My steak was way underdone and I had to send it back.    I think that if an establishment is noted for their steak it should be prepared correctly the first time.   The server was very pleasant and knowledgeable and did provide us with a complimentary dessert which was key lime pie.  Very good pie.   I probably would go back just to give it a second chance.
5	Like a warm comforter Durant's has com through again. We had the prime Rib which was expertly prepared with the perfect side. The Meat melted in our mouths, and the Au juice was almost not needed.  The Garlic Mashed potatoes were heavenly fluffy and the service was impeccable.  There are many great Steakhouses in this country and I believe that Durant's is one of them, for 60 years of excellence, always perfectly done!
4	How you doin'?  You doin' awright?  Did you tawk to da guy?  About dat thing?I just didn't see the 5 stars here.  I dug the old school atmosphere.  I could almost see the Rat Pack in the corner.  The service was very good.  Maybe if I was a steak eater but I'm not.I've heard the steaks are great.Service was 4 star, atmosphere was 5 star, my food was only three star.  I guess that averages out to 4 stars...I would give them another shot at a 5 star review but at Durant's prices they won't see me very often.  I tend to spread my $$$ dinners around when I do them at all...
5	You will find funny what I review let me just start there. We had our Radiate Phoenix meet up at Durant's. I have dined there once before and wow was it ever awesome! My buddy took me there for a birthday celebration and I am pretty sure I reviewed it..so I had to add this one. I had the obligatory martini which was amazing per Durant's standards. Still wish you had the original glasses, but I guess rules are rules. Anyway, I just wanted a snack of sorts and ordered... drum roll... the barbecue chicken wings. A bit of honey barbecue actually and wow were those wings awesome. Might be the best I have ever had. First the wings were not a one little bit, over baked/fried bits. These wings, all six had plenty of meat to pull of. The sauce covering was delicious and boy did I savor every bite. So the next time you just want a great martini (they by the way make all awesome drinks) and some tasty wings drop on by. You won't be the only one there trying this out. I know, go figure...a place known for awesome out of this world steaks makes great chicken wings for appetizers. Who da thunk!
4	I've only been to Durant's for lunch.  It was not all disappointing!The atmosphere is of a nice, classicly dark steakhouse.  (Just remember how bright it may be when you leave!)I had the open face cajun prime rib sandwich.  Yes, it's as good as it sounds!  Couple it with a nice glass of wine, and  you'll have a hard time wanting to go back to work!
3	We hadn't been to Durants in probably 5 years.  We decided to go over our staple steakhouses Mastro's and Flemings.  It was a disappointment over our standards.  The "garlic" bread was drowning in oil.  The taste was great just way too much oil. We had to send back both entree's Steak prepared Rare instead of Medium Rare, and Halibut served raw in the middle. To compensate the did give me a comp glass of wine, and my husband a dessert, however he didn't get to choose the dessert, which was quite disappointing, since I had my heart sent on sharing the trio of creme brulee and we got cheesecake which I didn't care for.  Overall the food is good.  But not at these price point when there are much better establishments.  Durant's is a good for the old time atmosphere and for being nostalgic.
4	When my birthday dinner rolled around, I could think if only one place to go: durants. We arrive and the table is perfectly set. Our server seems nice and attempts to take our order. Problem is, we are way too sidetracked. She's patient though, for which I commend her. We order a bottle of champagne and continue to munch on chilled veggies. For starters we order a halfdozen oysters. Now, since living in Portland, I am terribly spoiled when it comes to oysters. They were good. Especially considering that we are in the desert.For entrees we have the filet, ribeye, and prime rib.When the food came, my plate was missing in action.  Eh, whatever. They corrected it within about five minutes. Everything tasted delicious. The primerib is my favorite though - paired with garlic mashed potatoes and au jus to die for! Perfectly cooked and full of flavor. Yum!To sum it up: delicious food with a gorgeous ambiance. Don't forget your wallet though. Not cheap.
2	Oh Man. This is not the place I imagined I would assign my first 2-star rating. I woke up as sad and disappointed as I felt last night, leaving the legendary, old school Durant's after an evening of less than mediocre food and terrible service. Sigh.Honey had a great lunch there a few months back and was excited to impress me with dinner. We saw Durant's listed on Restaurant week and were excited for the excuse to squeeze into one of their comfy booths amidst the bow-tie clad staff and velvet wallpaper. The instant time travel type setting usually makes for an incredible dining experience. Shall I fault the poor rating to their efforts at succumbing to a prix-fixe menu? Perhaps.Our time at the bar proved to be the best part of the night. Watching the bartender mix the martini's the way my Pops used to was nostalgia at its best. I LOVED that they serve bottles of beer with a toothpick of meat and cheese. That is brilliant. It could transform me into a beer drinker after all. We met up with friends and continued on to the dinner portion of the evening.Moving on to the booth, our waitress was definitely in the weeds. Having been in her shoes before, I always try and accommodate the situation. We ordered an appetizer and a few cocktails and waited to order dinner when she seemed able. Appetizer of artichoke dip was yummy. Tortillas and garlic bread and warm, cheesy dip delivered promise.The limited menu was just that. Okay first course salad/soup options. Main course offered Pot roast, a small steak or chicken fried steak. Stewed steak, grilled steak or fried steak. Really? Your menu is impressive...if you really don't want to participate in Restaurant week, then don't. Honey ordered the chicken fried steak as a continuation of the old school vibe. I ordered the trout off the regular menu after C pointed out the fish option. J ordered the cfs too. Food took a bit, but we had good conversation flowing, so it wasn't a problem. Salads and soup were fine. Main course arrived and we were all a bit surprised by the size of the fried steak. I guess when you think of this meal from the past, it encompasses half the plate and is oozing with country gravy. This steak was the size of a burger and had a dollop of thick gravy-esque goo on the top. Garlic mashers were appropriately placed. My trout was supposed to be topped with a lemon caper sauce but instead it was slathered with a gravy that hinted at lemon and was all wrong for a fish. The trout was pain-fried and should there have been a light sauce, it would have been good. But the fried fish with the gravy was just so not good. The fried steak too, so not good. Mashers achieved an appropriate level of goodness, but you really don't want mashed potatoes to lead your dinner. We were devastated. The whole experience was so not what we came for or expected. I do want to give Durant's another chance and order a big, juicy steak and let them wow me like they do to so many, but it will be a while before our trek downtown includes a walk through their kitchen.
2	Disappointing experience.#1:  They ran out of carbonation for cocktails.  No soda, no tonic.Their Carbon Dioxide generator quit.  I asked why they don't use Schweppes bottles.  Answer:  The machine is a lot cheaper she said.I came expecting to pay top dollar for top shelf drinks and this was annoying.  Hanny's and AZ88 and others use fancy Schweppes bottles, why the skimping here?#2:  I ordered an $18 Kobe burger.  I know its a steak place, but I figure a steak place should be able to make a decent burger.  I was wrong."Kobe" burger was a machine-formed patty on an uncooked onion bun with a pickle and some batter-coated fries.  Denny's has a better burger.It was very less than marginal.  A high end steakhouse should KILL a burger!Had the burger at St. Francis earlier this week.  WOW..  That's a burger!Its neat inside and I the steak I tasted next to me was great.Service was good.
4	With a mobster feeling upon entering through the kitchen, red leather booths, red velvet wallpaper, and my friend telling me how popular this place was for politicos back in the day, my imagination ran away with me picturing Durants full of politicians and their beautiful wives getting totally smashed on martinis and smoking their cigarettes looking bored while the men talked politics. So in the spirit of the restaurant I decided to order the vodka martini and holy cow did I get hammered. Now, I have to be fair and admit that I am not one to hold my liquor and it probably didn't help that I had 5 glasses of wine before I went, but the martinis here- although good, are lethal. If someone had lite a match next to me I probably would have combusted. My friend and I couldn't decide on a main entree so we decided to order 3 appetizers. The crab cake- VERY good, the spinach dip- also good, but similar to most places, and the seafood sampler- oysters and shrimp were good but the crab was obviously frozen and tasted horrible. We told our waiter that the crab was bad, and he commented that the crab wasn't in season until the end of the month- which we understood, but were still disappointed that it was even on the menu. We had eaten the shrimp and oyster 1st wanting to save the crab for last and immediately sent it away when we tasted it. Truthfully, it made me sick to my stomach- or maybe it was the liquor that did it. Anyways, the manager came out and said he was going to comp us over $20 for the crab. That was very decent of him, although I am pretty ruined from trying the crab here ever again. I think I will probably play it safe by ordering the chicken or steaks next time. I left Durants with a smile on my face and a stumble in my step. A little lighter in my pockets- this place is pricy, but Overall, a great night.
4	I have been to Durant's a few times and Durant's never fails to impress.  The cocktails I ordered on my last visit were out of this world.  I ordered a Manhattan to start.  It kicked my ass.  The bartenders at Durant's can make the classic cocktails that is for certain.  For "dessert" I ordered a Grasshopper.  My bartender asked me if I wanted it made with ice cream.  WHAT WHAT!!?? Ice cream, that through me for a loop.  I had no idea bartender goddess.   I said no to the ice cream and yes to half and half.  My Grasshopper was awesome with the half and half.  Next time with ice cream baby.  People at the bar liked the looks of my drinks and asked for their own.  I felt like little miss trend setter.  If you go to drink at Durant's, do some research on vintage cocktails and most likely the bartenders there will make it perfectly.  It's fun to try the drinks of old men. Wink ; )On that same visit I ordered the Kobe Beef Burger and mashed potatoes.  The bun was crisp and flaky.  The veggies were firm and fresh.  The burger was juicy and primally good.  Meat GOOD!!!Durant's has been around for a long time.  It is the place for a power lunch or a sophisticated dinner.  The only thing better about the food at Durant's is the superb service.  I think the staff are telepathic and they communicate our needs to each other.  Even the valet guy had our car ready as my guest and I walked out the kitchen exit.Have some fun with the bartenders.  Do some research.
5	Atmosphere is worth the trip. Crabcakes are great. the filet medium rare was perfect! Makes you feel like you stepped back in time. worth the $250 for 5.
2	Crappy steak. Not worth the +$40 steak that I got. The steak was burnt and not juicy even after asking for medium. Definitely will not go back.
2	I know this makes me un-Arizonan but I am not a fan of Durants. the husbands family loooooooooooves this place, so I find myself here at least once a year. So right now its Durants 60th anniversary, and they are giving out free dessert for LIFE tokens. My in-laws are out of town and begged us to go eat dinner (on their dime) to pick up these dessert tokens. So we went this past Sunday. We had a reservation and were seated right away. The one thing I LOVE about this place is the atmosphere. It is AMAZING, its dark, romantic, and has that amazing 50's vibe I love. The food is what gets me. For the price you are paying you would expect something fantastic, and it NEVER is. The salad they bring you is some mixed greens, **maybe** five croutons, and a couple pieces (and by a couple I mean 3 or 4) pieces of very very small diced cucumber overloaded with salad dressing. The New York Strip has always been over cooked (I ask for it medium it comes out with no pink at all) chewy and full of grizzle and lacking flavor. The garlic mashed potato's are spot on. But its mashed potato's, you cant really screw those up (unless you're my mom) The desserts are generally fantastic, on this night we split the creme bruele trio and they were smooth and creamy. I guess its the price that gets me, for the quality of food you are getting. For 2 people with no Apps or alcohol ordered, our bill with tip was $115. That is OUTRAGEOUS for a poor quality steak. I would rather go to Ruth's Chris where it is always perfect. Sorry Durant's.
4	So when five out five people in your group all walk down to the lobby of the hotel and each coincidentally say that they want to try Durant's AND the concierge recommends it - it's a no-brainer. Plus, it was only two blocks away from the hotel we were staying at (Hilton Suites) and we could just walk there.When you walk into this place, you immediately go back in time to 1960... and you almost almost want to walk up to the bar, order up a dirty martini and turn to the guy next to you so you can plan a hit on your latest rival... So basically, it's dimly lit, the bartender and waiters are dressed in snazzy maroon vests and bow ties and the bartender talks to you like he's known you for years and makes smart ass remarks about the drinks you order.The menu is fabulous!! Steak and seafood - heaven. I was conflicted with so much emotion! Crab claws? Oysters? Prime rib? Rib eye? I wanted everything! I ended up ordering shrimp bisque and prime rib w/ mashed potatoes. They brought out some fresh baked bread that had a nice artichoke olive oil dressing on it - rave reviews from everyone at the table! The shrimp bisque was magnificent. I am a HUGE fan of bisques and I was not disappointed. My only resignation was the prime rib. I made a mistake in ordering it medium-well and it was not fantastic. I love prime rib and I usually ordered it medium-rare, but went for a more well. Next time I'll get it medium.All in all, I was pleased AND I have this really neat token that guarantees me free desserts FOR LIFE. Too bad I don't live in Phoenix.
5	If the Rat Pack invaded Phoenix, we'd know where to find them...Durant's of course! Enter through the kitchen into this windowless establishment topped with red velvet walls, red velvet booths, dirty martinis and old Phoenix at your fingertips. If you've ever wondered what the Valley was like before the sushi restaurant invasion, just take a look at Durant's and you've peaked into the past. Drive by Durant's and you'll see nothing but a cement building with a mobster-like neon sign out front. If I didn't know better, I'd say it takes a secret invite to get to walk through the mysterious entrance. But, lucky for me, it's not 1950-1960 and they don't require a special handshake to eat here. I was lucky enough to go here recently for a Friday night out on the town and given it's the holiday season, I grinned from ear to ear when I stepped inside Durant's and saw old school Christmas decorations like I'd just stepped into a scene of A Christmas Story. First let's start with the cocktails because that's how every 1950/60's classic movie starts. I know. I should have ordered the famous Dirty Martini. But, will Frank Sinatra haunt my dreams if I admit I'm not a huge Dirty Martini fan? I thought about it, but I just couldn't make myself pull the martini trigger. Next time, Frank...just for you, I promise! I did have a nice glass of wine though and after a taste of a Belvedere pim's cup, I also learned that Durant's knows how to pour one stiff drink! After the cocktails, the evening of cuisine began with the most buttery and garlicky loaf of bread staring us in the face. It's worth every garlic breath bite -- as long as everyone at your table consumes it too. For the entree, I had the wedge salad and the scallops. The salad was creamy and delicious and I like to pretend it was fat free (most definitely not). My meal came with not one, not two but six scallops. I wasn't expecting such generous portions! Top it off with garlic mash potatoes (yes, more garlic) and I had one delicious meal! I was so stuffed I couldn't finish my scallops which I feel like is a sin and I should be ashamed of myself. But the meal was spectacular and I can't wait to go again. And... here's a huge bonus! Durant's is celebrating 60 years of being fabulous which is such an amazing accomplishment! What's even more amazing is that they are giving their guests a present when shouldn't it be the other way around? I don't know how long this will last, but if you visit during their celebration period, you'll receive a black poker chip (so fitting right?) and it's good for a free lifetime dessert every time you visit and have an entree! So it looks like I've been targeted as Durant's future regular guest and I'm happy to take on the task!
3	Durant's has ben passing out the dessert tokens lately.  The desserts are great, the drinks are great.  The steaks are meh.  You'd think for a place that charges so much the steaks would just be more flavorful.  If you haven't been here before, come for lunch for instead of dinner.  See if you like the style.  The garlic/leek butter/olive oil soaked bread is a delicious way to start the meal, the rest will depend on what you want to order.  I do like their bloody marys and their martinis are some of the best around.  Spinach salad is dependable, but nothing to write home about.  Give it a whirl, but don't think of it as the "be all and end all" of steak houses.
5	I've never written about him before, I have a gay father. Well, technically he's not my real father but a man who I met some years ago. Coming out for me was pretty tough, married, house in the suburbs and a wife who I loved deeply. After coming out to her, my family and friends, my therapist suggested I quickly join an online support group for married gay men, and that's where I met Larry Johnson. A kind older man, Larry immediately took me under his wing; living in San Francisco it was easy for him to show me more about our mutual passion, food.  Over the years we've exchanged thousands of emails and I've visited him in SF as often as I could, Larry taught me a great deal about fine dining. Including how to have food adventures and about getting the most out of life's pleasures. While my mom will always be my first food hero, Larry will always be my gay dad and has helped to make me who I am today. So when he comes into town for a visit I'm always a little stressed out about where to take him for dinner. This visit was easy, I decided to choose something basic and straight forward like steak. Opened 60 years ago, Durant's is not only a Phoenix institution but is also a great steakhouse. While the trend of new steakhouses in the Valley has finally started to taper off, Durant's classic approach is commendable and endearing. I'm talking about fantastically tender steak, understandable sides and professional service. Steakhouses in general are probably some of the most expensive restaurants in town. So I was ready to spend a mint on dinner but did notice one thing at Durant's, the steaks aren't ala carte. This means when you order a steak you're not only getting soup or salad but you're also getting your choice of accompaniment, what a value.Entering Durant's from the rear will take you right through the kitchen, dont worry about this, its all part of the charm. You'll see that the kitchen is spotless and most of the cooks turn around and give you a warm smile and a happy hello. Once you get into the dining room its all old school. Black leather booths, crushed red velour wallpaper and dim lighting all set the mood for a relaxed and subdued dinner experience. Ordering the 16 oz Ribeye Steak ($39.50) was an easy choice for most steak lovers. The ribeye for has the perfect amount of marbling to meat ratio, this means that the meat will be really flavorful without being too fatty. I have to tell you, the ribeye at Durant's was one of the best steaks I've had in years. This thick juicy steak was everything that a steak should be, slightly salty with a distinct smoky char and perfectly tender. I also upgraded my side to the Stuffed Baked Potato ($4.95), think twice baked potato. Larry's 8oz New York Strip ($29.50) and loaded baked potato were delivered. Not only was the steak perfectly seasoned, it was expertly cooked at medium-rare as requested. A silence fell over the table as we enjoyed our meals together. Durant's not only impressed me and me made look good, but they made me proud of our restaurant heritage here in Phoenix. Durant's, thank you.
4	I hadn't been to Durant's in a while but when I read Lindsey F's review about the dessert poker chip I hightailed it over there!I really went to town with this meal.  I sat at the bar and watched some Monday Night Football and bs'd with the bartender.I started with a nice glass of cabernet and the Caesar salad.  The salad was quite large and very good.I moved on to the filet medium rare with the garlic mashed potatoes.  After 60 years in business, these guys know how to cook a steak!For dessert I ordered the Chocolate Fudge Brownie pie.  While it was delicious, I couldn't even come close to eating half of it.I scored my black poker chip for lifetime desserts and walked out fat, dumb and happy.
2	Durant's has fine steaks.  That's about it.We were seated near the bar (it was the BCS game next day) and it was rawdy.  The booth was cramp that my back was pressed against the seat back.  The table will not fit all three dishes we ordered.  The waiter did not have a priority in servicing us.  In fact, we waited for several minutes before he came back to snap a picture for us.The prime rib and porterhouse were delicious.  The plates were not warmed, so eat fast.For the price, I would skip this one next.
4	Cool atmosphere, good food
5	Classic steak house...up scale, great service, amazing food. I took a business meeting here last night and the food was
5	Delicious food, excellent service, strong cocktails, and appropriate wine choices. I had the 8 oz filet with garlic mashed potatoes and spinach salad, with a side of asparagus. All dishes at our table were cooked perfectly, including the scallops (which can be so hit-or-miss sometimes). Our server was excellent as was her busser. Timing, knowledge of the food, personality, and wine recommendations were all spot-on. You get more than what you pay for at Durant's.
4	A classic that will never be replicated in Phoenix.  You can feel the nostalgia from the second you walk in, which helps since you walk through the kitchen into a scene straight out of Boardwalk Empire.  Steaks were fantastic.  The server was close to 70, but knew everything on the menu front and back and did a great job.  I'd pay money to see one of the Scottsdale nightclub service brats try and keep up with her for a night!  What you would expect from a classic steak & chop house.  Will definitely be back time and time again.
5	The staff is very friendly and the food is outstanding!You enter through the kitchen and everyone says hello to you.  With it being a nice restaurant, they welcome children as well.  It is a nice feeling to take our daughter and not having the staff rolling their eyes when we enter.
5	This will go down as one of the best meals of my life.  The service, the ambiance, the decor, the drinks and the food were all impeccable.  Who knew there was such a gem disguised in old building with old signage in the middle of Phoenix?!!  You would expect this place to be in Hollywood.The leddies and I started off with a round of up and dirty Grey Goose martinis from the main bartender who was working most of the bar on this busy Saturday night.  He seemed a little annoyed when I added two more martinis just after putting in an order for two, but I tipped him well and then he was all chatty.  Well played, buddy.  His drinks were awesome too...made perfectly!We then we seated and ordered a bottle of house Pinot Noir, which was delicious.  We then got the bread, which has some amazing butter garlic sauce oozing all over the top of the loaf.  My house salad was tasty, but the star was my entree - scallops with a baked potato.  The odd thing was the waitress asked me how I wanted my scallops cooked, which has never happened before.  They are not steak...just cook them normal.  And the chef did and it was perfect.  We also got a side of asparagus, but no one touched the hollandaise sauce.  That is how good the asparagus tasted.Our waitress was attentive and took great care of us.  Even the water girl made sure our waters were filled at all times.Durant's - I cannot wait to come back and visit you!
2	With the new modern steak houses popping up all over, older steak houses like Durants become a flash back in time. Most of the clientele was well over 60, all the sides were bland and heavy. Honestly felt like eating at a retirement home. Steaks were over priced and just not worth it. Our waiter along with another near by were completely obnoxious, pushing deserts like they were trying to make a used car quota. Skip this place and grab a steak at another American Bistro. Most offer at least one great steak at a reasonable price and of similar quality.
5	Excellant, old fashioned (there is a relish tray people), delicious, expensive.  That about sums it up, dont expect more or less.  I highly recommend the wedge salad (its home made blue cheese) and the manhattans!  When they sat us the hostess coordinated our napkin color to what we were wearing to avoid lint.  Love that!  P.S. Yes there are old people.  Old people have money and taste.  These are not little blue haired biddies.
1	On a recent trip to Phoenix, my husband and I decided to stop by Durant's to try out their steak.  From what I heard and read, we had to try Durant's at least once during our trip. Overall, we were pretty disappointed.  The only saving grace for this place is the decor which makes you feel like you walked into an old style restaurant in Hollywood. The place was packed and crowded which is nice to see but the food was average at best.  My husband ordered the Cajun steak, which was their special for the night but it was extremely salty.  I had to dunk the meat in water to wash off the excess salt in order to swallow down the steak. The prime rib I ordered was over cooked. The garlic bread that everyone is referring to is terrible.  It's just french bread dunked in a bowl of olive oil with some garlic shavings on top.  Nothing special there.    The sauteed mushrooms we ordered as a side was also extremely salty. Do they even taste their food before serving it to people?  If you're visiting Phoenix, skip this place because it's definitely not worth it.  We wasted a meal by coming here.
4	I will be back. Service was great.  Prices reasonable.  Food delish.  Yes, I will be back.
5	I claim to be the best Arizona native that there is, yet I failed to visit Durant's until I was 30 years old.  Shame on me.  Durant's has been around since dinosaurs and now it's just off the light rail.  I love when things come full circle.  Anyway, time to be serious.  So the front door is actually the back door that goes through the kitchen and gives me anxiety that I will knock a waiter out or piss off the chef for not wearing a hair net.  Once you get into the dining room, it's easier to breathe.  The decor is very Frank Sinatra chic.  Who doesn't love giant rounded leather booths, wood and brocade walls, and chairs whose fabric is attached with the giant nailheads?I had the prime rib, which melted in my mouth.  We also had an amazing strawberry shortcake that I couldn't force enough in my mouth fast enough.  I also had the luck to be in the restaurant on a rare night that they gave their patrons a token good for free desserts for the rest of your life.  Oh yes, be jealous.
4	Durant's is old school.  Rat-Pack old school.  The reason elderly people love it is that is their style of gourmet food-- very traditional gourmet American fare. This was the fancy food of the fifties. The reason young people like it is because they romanticize a past that they weren't a part of.  My point is, it is not a place to go expecting a culinary revolution.  The food is very good, but not gastronomically exciting.That said, this place is fantastic.  When you arrive, you walk through the kitchen, which sets the tone for the entire experience.  I imagine myself scurrying through the kitchen with Old Blue Eyes himself, smoking cigarettes, entering the back to avoid fanfare.The decor is a striking fifties art deco, and everything is pleasantly vintage.I can't help myself, I always order seafood when I eat here, and recommend the scallops.  Gotta have a gin martini too.  If there was ever a time or place to have a real martini, this is it.
5	I'm going to qualify this review by saying that Durant's is an experience and definitely not for everybody. If budget is at all a factor, or if you're expecting Claim Jumper sized portions (or even a fifth of a Claim Jumper portion) this place is not for you. This place is classy, old-school. When you walk through the kitchen to get to the dinning room, you are going back in time. The place oozes with history, from the red leather upolstry to the lamps and carpet. Anyone who's read up on this place knows the history and famous actors who once graced Durant's with their presence. The servers are veterans, again old-school many East Coast. The menu has a lot of awesome selections but this is where the budget comes in as this is one of the highest priced menus I've seen in Phoenix. We're talking $125 MINIMUM per person if you're going to do dinner, apps and cocktails. Also, as I said your plate is not going to be piled with food. But I can honestly say the filet mignon I had was one of the best I've ever had:cooked perefectly and tender like nobody's business. I also have to point out that a good salad is included with your entree. Having lived in L.A. and gone to supper clubs like the Dal Rae, I have seen similar entrees priced lower. But as many such places ar ala carte, things balance out at Durant's since you're not paying extra for a salad. That is one thing the struck me straight off.So yes, you're going to pay a lot and you won't have to undo a notch in your belt when you leave. But in my opinion, the quality of food and the overall experience is worth the cost, especially if you want a really memorable place to go for a special occasion.
5	What a great place.  About as old-school as you can possibly imagine.  They are a steak house and "stir" house.  Meaning their martini's are NOT shaken.  Many aspects seperate Durant's from the rest and the red velvet walls are just a start.  My favorite is the "meat hats" they serve when you order a bottle of beer at the bar.  At least that's what my friends and I call them.  A skewer of salami and cheese in the mouth of the bottle.  Ah, the simple pleasures.
4	New chef, knowledgeable bartender GAIL, the finest quality beef, and professional staff make Durant's my recent favorite for swill, swank and STEAK.--great late night dinner. seatings until 10:30, maybe later!--steak sliders only available from the bar--shrimp cocktail, huge and delicious--oysters on the half-shell, scrumptious--petit fllet, perfect every time--crab cakes not consistent, sometimes overcooked and dry--prime rib is juicy and luscious. don't miss the horseradish--horseradish will BLOW THE BACK OF YOUR HEAD OFF hot.Gail knows her stuff. She'll take you on a trip down memory lane serving up all your Old Man old fashioned favorites from salty dog to boodles martini (yes, martinis are made with GIN _and_ vermouth which actually goes in the glass, you FAKERS!!) all the way to my own five-point manhattan (knob, dubonnet, up, twist, stirred). And at Durant's all drinks are stirred, the way they're supposed to be.The decor hasn't changed since my last review -- indeed since 1962 -- except for the small street light sconces in the dining room, but they may have been there before too. Tradition.... Tradition. Fresh flowers every time, starlight star recessed ceiling lights and those red silk walls.They don't call it atomic horseradish for nothing. It will blow the back of your head off. Please bring a net to catch it.
3	I went with my Gram to the doctor yesterday and when we were done, she suggested Durant's. So first thing is that parking there can be a pain. We were going south on central and because of the light rail we had to make a u turn to get into the parking lot. Oh, and then we pulled into the lot just after the restaurant which is the wrong lot... it's a pay lot, then we had to go and make two more u turns... ha. Not the restaurant's fault, but something to think about. You go in through the kitchen and the whole restaurant is very old school. All the waitresses were in tuxedos which I thought looked strange. Anyway, so they start you with some delicious bread covered in butter, garlic, and leeks.... so good. And they keep it coming, so that is awesome. My gram and I shared the chicken marsala which came with chicken noodle soup, mashed potatoes, and veggies. The restaurant was nice enough to split everything for us. The soup was fine... nothing special. The chicken was ok... the sauce was kind of sweet... it wasn't anything great, but it was edible. The mashed potatoes were the best part. My gram also wanted to split some cheesecake, so we got the white chocolate raspberry (they make it in house) and it was tasty. Overall, the service was great but the food wasn't anything special, and for the price, I would rather go elsewhere. However, I would probably go back here sometime for the atmosphere... I'd just try something else.
5	Husband and I have been here a number of times and always enjoyed ourselves thoroughly.  The best part about this place is the atmosphere.  I always feel like I am in an episode of Mad Men and that I need to order a gimlet and smoke a cigarette (nevermind the fact that I don't know what a Gimlet is, and I don't smoke).Last night, we met some friends here for drinks before heading over to watch a show at the Phoenix Theater.  It was a great meeting place.  We all had martinis (delicious) and then walked over to the theater.  This is not only an excellent dinner place, but also wonderful for your pre or after show drinks!
3	Nice filet mignon, wines and some of the sides are really good like the broccoli. The desserts were just ok. I think that for the price I was expecting a bit more. Service was excellent.
5	went here for my bf's birthday and man oh man was it tasty!!!!!!! the bread they serve at the beginning of the meal was amazing...we had a nice bottle of wine, shared lobster and the special that evening with the cajun ribeye, shrimp, potatoes and asparagus.  such a great dinner and it totally takes you back to the mobster days :) definitely a nicer dinner out price wise but you can go fairly casual-looked like a lot of people had come over from spring training games!!
4	Wonderful, old school style steakhouse and restaurant. Excellent steaks and nice service. Only slight complaint was slow service.I had the rib eye and it was cooked to perfection!
5	Just went back for my one year anniversary and what else can be said other than Durant's is a gem in a lackluster city like Phoenix.  This place is about great detail and experience finished off with some great food.I cannot tell you about it, you have to come in for yourself. Yes you will break the piggy bank if you are not used to ordering a 40 dollar steak but hey that's life.
4	Make reservations! We showed up with a party of 15 on a very busy night but they did not turn us away and took care of us. A couple of us ordered rib-eyes medium rare. One came out perfect the other medium, validating some of the inconsistency remarks made about this place. Fortunately, I enjoy my rib-eyes rare, m-rare, or medium, so it wasn't a big deal. The bread they serve prior to the meal was awesome. Bread drowning in leeks, garlic, olive oil and butter. Sounds weird? Don't knock it til you try it.
4	This is so very not the kind of place I would ever go. It is totally old school, from the dark, red decor to the waited in black vests. But, it was recommended as a good place for a group and I had 20 business people to feed. It worked out perfectly and everyone left full and happy. This is a steak place. There are all kinds of cuts available up to 48 ounces of craziness. But, since I don't eat beef, I can only report that the grilled baramundi was perfectly cooked. It came with garlic mashed potatoes that were excellent. I also ordered sauteed mushrooms and sauteed spinach, both of which were a good addition to the table. This was an expensive night out but the service was good and people left happy, so that is all positive. Don't pass up the atomic horseradish.
1	Durant's was my favorite restaurant because of the food and the service.  We recommended it to relatives and they said the service was so bad that it spoiled their night.  We thought they were wrong.  It turns out we were wrong instead!  Our waiter ignored us,our glasses were empty, and we had to ask our waiter to take our order.  We got our salads and soup about seventy minutes after we ordered our meals.  We never saw the steaks because the waiter still ignored us.  I asked her for the bill so we could just leave.  She never apologized she just said that she got a little behind.  Funny thing about her statement is Durant's was not very busy.  I guess others found out about the lousy service before me.
4	I ordered the filet and it came under-cooked.  I sent it back and it came back over-cooked.  I sent a quick note to the owner..........and they returned a nice gift certificant (please don't do this unless you really had an issue.  Not fair to company).Bottom line -  the food was good and I was very impressed with the customer service.
4	My wife and I go here for martinis..always good  and we also got the free desert for life coin havent used it yet but we will soon.
5	Durant's is a classy, old-style, American steakhouse.  We have been going there for 10+ years and have only been disappointed once.  We were not served the amazing bread with garlic butter and leeks - just rolls.  The waiter dropped a shrimp from my shrimp cocktail on the table and picked it up and stuck it back with his bare hands.  Then when we received our dinner we noted a rosemary sprig stuck into the mashed potatoes.  That never happened before.  Not a big deal, but we have never been big on foofy presentation and Durant's has never been like that.  Just really excellent service, cocktails and amazingly good food!  We stayed away for a while as it is a pretty good hike from home and didn't want to be disappointed again - after all, it's a really expensive place but worth it when you have NEVER, I mean never ever, been disappointed before. To make a long story short, we had heard so many people had complained, they brought the bread back.  We decided to try it again a few months ago and again last night.  We have only ordered drinks and appetizers, so we don't know if they still stick rosemary sprigs in the mashed potatoes.Last night we sat at the bar and the service was amazing!  We ordered Stoli martinis and there was absolutely no scrimping on the vodka.  I couldn't finish mine as it was a too much for me, but we certainly got a big bang for our buck!  We both got the Ceasar salad and I had the shrimp cocktail - huge tender shrimp in cocktail sauce with a dollop of sinus blasting horseradish just like I like it.  My husband had the Durant's Debris - perfectly cooked cubes of steak served with a very flavorful dipping sauce.Durant's is again our favorite special-occasion restaurant!
1	Probably one of the worst dining experiences ever!  We, a party of four, came for AZ Restaurant week. We waited about 30 minutes before our order was taken,  much too long. We were brought a relish tray that was really meant for 2 but there were 4 of us.  Odd.      2 of us opted for the PrixFix menu.  The brie in puff pastry was really very undercooked, and appeared the kitchen was rushed just to get it out,  a revelation of what was to come.   The $5.95 upcharge for caesar salad and oddly placed anchovies on the edge of the plate was just weird.  Given the so called classy-ness of this place, they should have been mixed in with the dressing.    The pork chop was ordered medium and specifically so to the waitress that it not be dry.  It came out very dry, and nearly un-edible.   Prime rib was very thick and exceptionally dry. Both the pork chop and prime rib had to be taken off the bill.   Our waitress was not engaged for most of the dinner,  and was extremely busy for service...way too busy to attend to her diners.  Management was apologetic enough to comp the meals.  This place is very drab, dark and absolutely stuck in the era in which it was opened.  The same red velvet wallpaper is on the walls,   the clientele considerably older, as if the only patrons are the very ones who have kept the place going since the beginning.   Once these patrons are dead this place will be too.  Highly overrated, highly overpraised, way too noisy and highly overpriced.  This is NOT a place for people who expect and enjoy a very high standard of food quality, service and ambience.    I pity the diner who does not heed this review...eat at your own risk but don't say i didn't warn you.
4	For me, Durant's is a drinking bar.  Not only is the menu unappetizing and contrived (to me!), but the flavors are blah.  Not bad, but blah.  I realize that their aim is to remain classic, chic, simple and distinctly American, so the things that I dislike about the menu are not exactly a deduction in my mind.  In other words, don't go there expecting artisanal, innovative food selections.  Expect steak, potatoes, and incalculable calories.The drinks, however, are impeccably good.  The bartenders are career bartenders.  I've been going to Durant's for about 9 years, and it's usually the same two faces every time.  They are not overtly warm to everyone, and I feel that your chances of getting sassed by them are much higher if you are a younger person, but most of the time they're nice. The bar is warm and cozy to me, I love the dim lighting, the famous decor, and the mingled scents of meat and coffee remind me of my grandmother's kitchen.  The assortment of people is fascinating, but there's always one sloppily wasted lawyer or other downtown denizen shouting about his divorce or John McCain to bring you down.  Ignore him.
3	Durant's has that old, musty, dark, Mafia feel. Love the atmosphere and allure. We mainly sit at the bar, but have dined in. The happy hour specials are good, and we have tossed a few back here having great talks and enjoying the ambiance.Now for the bad: The food is overpriced for it's quality. The steaks look fatty, the salads wilted, and flavor pretty bland. It would probably be okay if we weren't looking at 20 plus dollars per entree. Back in the day, Durant's was very high end and elite, so I could see the pricing from that perspective. However, if they want to stay in the game, they need to keep the food up to par as well. 5 stars plus for ambiance, relaxation, a throw back feel, and great drinks! 1 star for food and food prices. However, a major landmark in Phoenix, so please check it out! We never know how long these staples will be around. I would just recommend going for drinks and maybe split an appetizer. It does ignite the "romantic mood" and will leave you reflecting on those "good old days".
5	Came here during restaurant week and was a happy girl from start to finish. At first I was a little disappointed that there was no steak on the restaurant week menu, but that soon passed. Our server was on point for our entire visit, drinks were always full, and he had a sense of humor. First of all, that garlic bread they give you is super special, very original. Topped with leeks, garlic, herbs, marinated  in olive oil, it was  gone quick. I had the baked brie with a raspberry reduction w/ toast.....this was sooooo divine, it could have been a dessert. I could eat this everyday and love it each time. My entree was the citrus glazed salmon, it was cooked perfectly and the sauce complimented the fish. The husband had the pork chop w/ au gratin potatoes...that pork was slammin'!!! Wow, it was thick, juicy, and ooh so good. The potatoes were yummy as well. For dessert we had the creme brulee and the chocolate cake. The cake was my favorite, chocolate & raspberry goodness served with fresh whipped cream.We paid $40 per person and this included the 3 courses, glass of wine, and any other non-alcoholic beverage ( soda, tea, coffee ). This place is not cheap, but the food & service is worth it, we will be back.
3	Durant's - I love you. I really love you, but please don't do Restaurant Week next year unless you really want to make a go of it. The point of RW is to entice new customers, not turn your regular customers off. My friends and I do the RW thing every year. The values and the opportunity to experience somewhere new at said value is pretty enticing. We made reservations on Thursday night around 8 and the place was more full than I have ever seen it on a weeknight. This made me happy, because I want this place, with it's cozy atmosphere, above and beyond service and fabulous martinis to remain the Phoenix institution it has become. We chose two different entrees, ordered a martini (no let down here - see above - fabulous) and settled in to the big burgundy booth surrounded by coordinating crushed velour wallpaper. I just don't have a kind word to say about anything that came after the martini. Our appetizers were very very okay. I received possibly the most over cooked steak I have ever had. I've never done this, but I sent it back. The service was, for the first time in all my 10 years of visiting, sub par. I am not sure how our waiter wound up in a fine dining establishment, when he couldn't serve his way out of a TGIFridays. I suggested Durant's to several people for restaurant week because I really couldn't believe such a great spot could have such an awesome deal going. Based on this dining experience I would really have to say this was a 2 star dinner, but that 10 years of 4-5 star dining experience is causing me to round up. In retrospect this may qualify as more of a rant than a review. But, I'd prefer to pay full price and have my previously pretty high expectations met.
5	It's hard to write something new about this Phoenix landmark. It is great, the food is delicious, the service is old school class with modern charm. Everyone has their spot when asked where is their favorite place to eat, and Durant's has no competition for me. If you are going for a special occasion, make sure to mention that when making a reservation...
5	We went on a Friday night and even though it is off season here, the place was packed. Never the less, the service was impeccable as always. This is our third trip here and we have never been disappointed. I had the 14 Oz. NY strip and my wife had the prime rib. Both were cooked to perfection and seasoned ever so  wonderfully! My wife tells me the horseradish is the real deal and not the runny stuff you get elsewhere...can't vouch as I hate the stuff.  From the bread to the desert, every bite was worth taking. The old time ambiance with the dark wood and red "leather"? booths are welcoming. It's pricey and if you can ignore the geek with khakis, no socks and deck shoes ever so gently cradling his wine...(you KNOW the guy and he is everywhere) in the middle of a Phoenix summer, it is worth every single cent.
3	Cool ambiance with the dim lights, tufted leather booths, back entrance thru the kitchen.Service was acceptably attentive.Good food, at least for lunch when we were there. I had the ham, Brie and apple sandwich, except I subbed turkey for the ham and it was excellent. Fries were good, a little overdone. Sweet potato fries did get rave reviews from the other people in my group. Burgers are MASSIVE. Price was perhaps a little high for a lunch of sandwiches/burgers, but the quality of the food was definitely not lacking.
4	Really really GREAT food!Super expensive, but WONDERFUL food!I love the atmosphere and the ambiance.  Great service and great food.  Pricy, but good.
4	Upon entering Durant's you know you are going to have a wonderful experience.  So much of a great dining experience is the atmosphere.  From the low ceilings and red nail head upholstered booths to the vintage wallpaper, the decor does not disappoint.  It is so reminiscent of an era long ago and makes for a fun escape.  The bar area is terrific and I recommend going early for your reservation so you can enjoy a cocktail before your dinner just to take in the environment.  The entire staff is friendly and courteous and willing and wanting to make your experience wonderful.  The quality of the food is superior.  The wine list is extensive and the cuts of beef are excellent.  For an appetizer we enjoyed the shrimp cocktail and the presentation was terrific and the horseradish tasted superior.  The signature house bread was not my favorite.  It was covered in oil and herbs and quite honestly was difficult to eat and rather disgusted me.  I would have rather had no bread at all or simple crusty sourdough I could break into small pieces and top with fresh butter.  I had the house salad with blue cheese dressing and it was heavenly!  The salad was absolutely covered in the dressing. In the future I will ask for the dressing on the side but it was so delicious I didn't worry about it and enjoyed every bite.  My petite filet was medium rare and it was flavorful, lean and cooked to perfection.  For my side I had the garlic mashed potatoes were creamy and absolutely yummy.  Dessert  included a trio of creme brulee and coffee which was excellent.  I would recommend Durant's for your next special dinner out.  It is a Phoenix jewel and everyone needs to experience it.
4	Durants is old school cool. The lighting, red wallpaper, and wood paneling are the perfect combination. It's not Scottsdale sheik, it's above it. If Sinatra wanted a great cocktail, he would come here. Guys order a real drink like a martini up or a Manhattan and you won't be disappointed. They have a great wine selection and even offer the majority of it by the glass. The food is unassuming, but good. Your steak isn't going to be overdressed or or over cooked, but just right. The oysters, when in season are almost the best in town.
3	Food is 4/5 no complaints, great menu.Service can be a little slow, little rowdy environment at times (crowded, etc, dark, small bathroom). Deserts are best I've seen or had at a steak house.
5	Service was superb. None of the turn  and burn nonsense that has invaded more and more upscale joints.Great wine selection, steaks were excellent. Mashed potatoes were...mashed potatoes.
1	Ok, now that you are reading based on the one star.... Went for a dinner for four on a Saturday night, and...The female bartender who is always there has no personality and is about as customer service oriented as an old shoe.Our waiter: took the males dinner order before the females, served salad and had to be asked what happened to our appetizer, and he clearly forgot.  The story goes on with forgot drink orders, and the delivery of desert to those of us having the prix fix menu, and the rest had to ask for a menu, and again he was surprised.  So he said "dessert    Is on me".  You guessed it, desserts were charge on the bill, as was a salad price doubled .  This was the second try with the same results in 2011.  So YES it is a land mark, and YES it is red walls and old school cool, but.... Food is OK, and service keeps disappointing ..... For the price, I will go elsewhere.
2	I hate to have to give Durant's such a low score but this is the SECOND time that I have experienced crappy service and mediocre food.This used to be my favorite restaurant when I moved here 6 years ago.  I would rave about this place and I knew many of the waiters, several of whom have moved on.  My most recent visit was last Saturday night.  We were a party of 4 and I was taking my parents out for their birthday.  I had made reservations the Monday before and not only did I mention that we were a B-day party but upon arrival I told that lame blond dude at the seating station that we were a B-day party...It was as if I had told the crazy guy out front this instead because nothing was ever done.  No desert, no candles, nothing.I will give them a bit of an out, they were slammed due to Restaurant Week but i'm sorry on a $300+ tab I expect to get good service and HELLO properly cooked steak...Uh steak house??!!Our waiter was luke warm at first but turned into an instant schmuck when my beau had to send his med to med-well done steak back, as he asked for med-rare.  He replaced his steak with a properly cooked one but not without lame jabs directed towards us.Needless-to-say, we were all left a bit disappointed and since this was my first time back in about a year  (that experience a year ago was even worse), I doubt I will go back anytime soon.I can't tell you all how disappointed I am about this.  For me, this WAS the place to go for a great dining experience.  Now, this will be a restaurant I definitely think twice about going back to and frankly I may never go back:(
4	First time dining here, service was great, reservation for 3 on a saturday night and they gave us an option of booth vs table upon check in.  Food was excellent, the steak was cooked perfectly to order.  I found the atmosphere warm and intimate, the red decor still works.  Would definitely go back.
3	I rate it a three because although the crab Mac n cheese is fantastic, the prices are insane. $12 for a martini. Really?  The food isn't worth the prices.
4	Took my wife for her birthday and it was a great choice.  Very, very friendly staff, from the the very moment you walk in through the kitchen (yes, KITCHEN....it's their entrance).  Food was well worth the wait, and our server was very helpful and attentive.  Great menu choices, and wine list.  For desert our server brought out their Indulgence Mousse Cake, with a candle in honor of my wife's birthday......Mmmm!And if your BOLD enough for their Porter House (approx 48oz), you're entered into the porter house club, and your name gets to be immortalized on their wall.The decor was a throw back to late 40's early 50's style art-deco.  Low mood lighting, and classy atmosphere.  If there was a complaint, it would have to be some of the diners.  One family brought their young toddler whom they allowed to run around while servers and busboys were carrying trays of food and glasses.  They had to dodge the kid, and easily could have dumped hot food on a customer.Other than those little things, definitely a great night out with a loved one, or group.
4	It's been my birthday tradition off and on over the last few years.  Quiet, great service and selection, cool '50s vibe.
5	This is a steakhouse that's pure old school. The food is awesome, the service is good, and the wine list is complete. I especially  love the entrance through the kitchen. It's not cheap but if you're looking for a great special occasion place it's hard to do worse.
4	I've been going to Durant's for years and the nice thing about it is it does not change (they are celebrating their 60th).  Food and service is excellent.  If you're looking for great American food, this is the place, if you're looking for a light meal you will probably overeat here.
4	One of the best meals in a long time. My only regret is not eating there years ago. The red booths and decor are great for a romantic dinner but also allow for chatting with your neighbors which added to the fun. Probably the best martini ever. Stirred not shaken. Everything we selected was excellent. The calamari was was tender and the coating was perfectly light and crispy. Loved the blue cheese dressing on my salad. My dining partner said it was one of the best prime ribs ever. If I ever had a time to use the word "succulent," it would be to describe the scallops. The service was fantastic. The server overheard talk of my birthday so he made sure to put a candle in my creme brulee. This was an all around fantastic experience.
5	Went here on a Friday night for my 23rd birthday with my family. Don't let the outside fool you, its very nice inside.Service was top notch. Waiters were quick with the refills and we didn't have to wait too long for our food.I ordered the Top Sirloin steak and it was delicious. I recommend the garlic mashed potatoes, very tasty. I also got a complementary dessert for my birthday: I LOVED the Fruit Crisp a la mode. My parents shared the ribeye and they loved it as well.Overall I'd definitely go here again.
5	I had a terrific late night dinner last night at Durants after the Greg Stanton Mayor event.  The staff was great and the food and drinks were terrific.  If you have not been to Durants before you need to try it atleast one time I promise you will be a fan.
4	You don't need me to write a story since as you can see from the other two hundred and something reviews that this place clearly rocks. Classy, sexy, tasty, delightful, scrumptious, romantic, plush...it's the type of place that makes you want to walk around with an expensive glass of cognac..Which we did...Lover said the crab cakes here where the best he had ever had, calamari was on point. They have a goat cheese spinach salad that makes my mouth water and the steak was juicy, tender and cooked exactly how we ordered it.Love!
5	Durant's is bad ass.What can I say that hasn't already been said? Durant's is an old-school powerhouse of a steak house. It's real ring-a-ding-ding up in there. If Mad Men ever had an episode set in PHX, Don Draper would eat at Durant's; no other restaurant would even exist for him. It's like eating red meat in a time machine.The thing about it is that the charm of the place is not a gimmick. Everything is super REAL, from the menu, the clientele, the velvet setting, to the paintings of pugs over overstuffed booths, down to the cufflinks on our attentive waiter. No one here is faking it for the sake of authenticity, it really is this way because they nailed it, and they stuck with it, and if it ain't broke, why fix it?We tried the filet mignon, the sauteed spinach, and the grilled scallops. EVERYTHING was remarkable, satisfying, and superb... But you knew that already.You wanna be somebody? Head to Durant's.
5	I've been coming here since I was a kid.If you want a top notch steak this is the place. You walk in through the kitchen like your in a MOB movie. Everything on the inside is covered in red. The prime rib is delicious and the filet is perfect.
5	Durant's - if your anyone who knows about finer dining then you know this name.  If your looking for ambiance and to be wowed then you come to Durant's.  This particular visit was during lunchtime.  Place was busseling but the servers and kitchen didn't even break a sweat.  Professionals.  Food was fabulous as always.  I had the Asian Chicken Salad with Peanut Sauce.  TDF translation To Die For.  Loved it.  Durant's is an oldie but goodie with prime location.
5	Durant's is as classic as a 57 Chevy; then again, this is one of the most classic restaurants in Phoenix that I've ever seen (and I'm a native). The food is amazing but it's gonna cost you some coin. I went with a large group for lunch and this place is known for their steak sandwich ($30) or some of their other steak dishes... the prime rib looked delicious.  I'll come back when I get the Christmas bonus.
5	Durant's is THE BOMB!First visit to Durant's last night.  I agree with other yelper's.  Durant's is BAD ASS!  Don't be fooled by the old building.  The parking lot is behind and they have valet if you are into that . . . we entered through the kitchen (cool) and were greeted by the kitchen staff!  Good thing we had reservations.  It was Friday and the place was PACKED!  Bar totally full.  Tables full.  Decor red velvet on the walls and red leather on the booths (that's the sure sign of an old time steakhouse).  I closed my eyes and felt like I was in New York City!  Our waitress was Patti and she was the best!  Our Delmonico steaks were to die for.  Salad wonderful with home made blue cheese dressing.  Shrimp cocktail with horseradish was perfect and best shrimp I've had in a long time.  Bread was very good.  EVERYTHING was THE BOMB!  It's expensive . . .  so I'd probably have to wait and come back for my birthday.  Dinner for two + wine + tip = $200.  Hey, it was the night before Christmas Eve.  Did I mention I tried to get reservations on Christmas Eve but they were totally booked.  Just go . . . take your friends but make them pay for their own.  Enjoy!
5	I've been to Durants a couple times now and the food is always consistent.  The steaks are great and the garlic mashed potato's are my favorite side.  The service is great too.  It's definitely on the expensive side, but it's worth it!  If you have never been to Durant's, you have to give them a try!
5	My gf and I came for date night and we had such a good time. I'd been here before, but it was her first time. From walking in through the kitchen, to sitting down for dinner, our experience was 5 star. I made our reservation from Yelp (easy as hell) and even though we were late to dinner, we were accommodated in every way.
5	Never a disappointment - I only wish I made more money so I could eat there every week.  The mussels are to DIE for - that broth could be served by itself with a loaf of bread - and everything there is fresh and amazing, always cooked exactly how I order it.Additionally - your bartenders are gifts from heaven.  Seriously - the best dirty martinis E.V.E.R. *hearts*
4	I kinda loved it. I took a special someone for a birthday dinner. The atmosphere was great. I loved the dark wood and the deep red walls and old-school mobster feel. Our table wasn't ready so we started off at the bar with some of their famous martinis, which were delicious. However, the bartender who served us seemed a little overwhelmed. It was pretty busy. And the barback/bartender who actually collected our payment when our table came ready acted as if we were an inconvenience for him. Boo. Lost a star for that.But all was restored when we were seated and began our meal. The service was great. We had a delicious meal. The Humble Steak was amazing. The pork chops were amazing. And the sides and appetizers were amazing. The portions were bigger than expected and we walked out fat and happy with a full-on grocery bag of delicious leftovers. YUM! Also, I left my credit card and the staff was resourceful enough to find my phone number to call and notify me that they would hold my card in the safe until I could come get it. When I came back to pick it up, they quickly and politely returned my card after verifying my identification. I'll definitely be back.
5	Best steak house in Phoenix
5	Durant's is classic Phoenix and I am a fan of classic Phoenix.I love that it's been there forever (since 1950, to be exact). I love that you enter through the kitchen (if you know what's up).I love the steaks, the martinis, the manhattan clam chowder, and the oysters.I love the service by a waitstaff that has worked there for 20+ years - they are on top of your order, attentive not obtrusive, and very knowledgeable about the menu.I love the old-time decor & feeling - dark wood and red banquettes.I do not love the high prices, but I am not surprised by them. However, if you order smartly, you can easily keep your meal under $40.Open note to Durant's management: can you please get some new booths in there??? The existing ones are old and saggy....
5	Durant's is a classic steakhouse that maintains its 1950's charm and atmosphere while server wonderful food.I was in Phoenix for business and went to Durant's looking for a good steak and a restaurant with character.  I was not disappointed.  The 50s are alive in the restaurant with the red upholstered booths and the red velvet looking walls.  Portraits and paintings line the booths.  The staff is friendly and knowledgeable and the wine list if top notch.  You can't get a better filet.5 stars
5	Excellent service and amazing food.  They present themselves as the old time steak house and do a great job with it.
5	Outstanding! - I hit Durants again last night for the new date's birthday and Its going to be hard to think of a negative thing to say. Everything from the entrance to the decor and lighting  to the incredible food and wine was perfect. Shrimp cocktail, bisque, steaks and a great dessert..there is nothing else to say.
3	Although I enjoyed the dining experience, Wednesday's visit to Durant's lingered on as a punchline that everybody but I understood.  Prices here are absolutely through-the-roof; higher than world-class steakhouses whose food is considerably better.  The restaurant is a main-drag spot which doesn't look like much from the outside, and the 60's era signage doesn't help.  Much attention is drawn to Durant's being here for over 60 years which, in "Phoenix years," apparently equates with pre-Civil War.  Diners are paraded through what appears to be part of the kitchen into a long and narrow main dining room adorned in bright red velvet wallpaper.  Our server was excellent; thoroughly professional, personable and unobtrusive.  My order was for a 12 oz. prime rib (at $42, if I recall) on a dinner which included the soup of the day and one side.  The corned beef and cabbage soup arrived first; a thin and under seasoned broth with shreds of boiled cabbage, chopped potato and a fine mince of corned beef.  This was a choice which looked better on the menu than it did when placed in front of me; inoffensive, but inconsistent with a meal at this price point.  The prime rib and a large crock of garlic mashed potatoes followed.  Well-trimmed and nicely cooked to order, the prime rib was under seasoned and inadequately seared before roasting.  The meat was a prime grade, but "wet aged," if aged at all; again, failing to fulfill the promise of its menu pricing.  A gravy boat full of seasoned au jus and a small dish of absolutely incendiary grated horseradish (I was warned by our waitress) accompanied the prime rib.  Each imparted some level of the seasoning so noticeably missing from the beef.  The potatoes were exceptional.I understand that Durant's is Phoenix's old-school steakhouse; the place where politicians and the local business elite gather.  Two tables away a marriage proposal was made-- and accepted.  The food was very good, but the uniqueness and special niche within the local dining scene which added $10+ to a fair market valuation of the meal were lost on this visiting businessman.
5	In biblical times, they used to sacrifice animals to God. One thing. They only seemed to sacrifice baby lambs and goats, never beef.For some reason beef was off limits, although I'm not sure why but I do have a theory.I think it's because God never had one of Durant's boneless ribeyes cooked Pittsburgh style with a side of atomic horseradish, pre-dinner crudites served with roquefort dressing, and a nice garden salad with a baked potato.Had he done so, I'm pretty sure Catholics would have never had that silly rule about not eating meat on Fridays. I'm guessing someone back in the day, probably Abraham, did sacrifice a cow to God at one point, but because Abraham was Jewish and didn't know how to make anything other than reservations, he grilled and served up one bad cut of beef to God.The result?God punishes Catholics and Hindus. Go figure. Durant's won't punish you. Not like Abraham anyway.
5	Last night was my 2nd time dining here, and it was glorious.  Starting the night off by walking in through the kitchen always reminds me of GoodFellas, and that's a good thing.  I happen to like the old school signage / decor, it adds character to a restaurant that has been in the same spot for 60+ years.  They were busy, so it took a while to get drink / appetizer orders, but it wasn't unreasonable.  The only appetizer we got was the spinach-artichoke dip, and it was one of the best I've had.  My wife, my muse, got the wedge salad and it was fresh and also delicious.  I shared the 48 oz. porterhouse with my friend, and let me say that when a hunk of meat that big comes to the table you have to just appreciate the art that it takes to cook it so perfectly.  We got the mushrooms and the potatoes au gratin on the side, which were ideal compliments.  After getting the rest of what we couldn't finish to go, the waiter recommended the strawberry shortcake.  We were all full, but the four of us split - and was quite possibly one of the finest and tastiest desserts ever.  The only drawback, in my opinion, are the tiny, outdated bathrooms - but that's not a dealbreaker.  This is not a cheap night out, but if you have a friend in town and want a great steakhouse, this place can't be beat!
4	Beautiful atmosphere, prime rib was fantastic! Don't pass up the garlic mashed potatoes...negative thing...so noisy we had to repeat our orders to the waiter several times, this resulted in getting the wrong, more expensive, bottle of wine. Hint check your receipt closely. Positive: they did make good on the mistake.
5	Durants, you are truly amazing. When I come to dine, I want to be my best-dressed, wittiest self I can be, because dining at Durants is an event deserving of the best. Be on your A-game because Durants is all A game.  First, coming through the kitchen never gets old, no getting around it, you feel like you're part of a very cool club and the vibe just continues as you approach the hostess. Every time, she always acts like she had been waiting for me and my party all night. Then there is the decor.  It's better in person just go see it. Finally, the best thing about Durants is the food. The sides of spinach, potatoes are incredible but the steaks are what makes Durants so amazing. Truly incredible. Channel your inner Marilyn, grab your best man an have a meal that sends you to the moon.
5	One of the BEST dining experiences...EVER!  Start with a martini and oysters. End with a chocolate martini and strawberry shortcake with fresh berries!
4	Steak and Martini! It's a perfect combination! This is the best place for lovers who want to spend quality time with each other. I've always been here with my best friend, boy friend and now my husband! They have a good ambiance and everything is perfect!
4	Meh...I came to eat here 4 years ago and loved it.  The problem though is that I think I built it up in my mind.  The asparagus with the hollandaise is always amazing.  They are also known for their martini's.  The problem was that I am a big Strip Steak fan and it just did not deliver. I might have had the filet last time, but it was just okay.  The garlic potatoes are also good too.The biggest problem I have is that I made this reservation WAYYYYYYY in advance and my boyfriend and I were put in a table that basically was in the middle of the aisle.  I didn't think I needed to ask for a booth because I had a standing reservation, but apparently not.  That kind of bothered me.  I don't think it was worth the price and the table was HORRENDOUS. I probably wont be going back again. BUT, I think people should try it. It is good, just not good enough for me to continuously return.
3	Very good if you like the old style tuck n roll booths. Dark in a good way.  Enjoyed a very nice dinner and drinks.
4	Durant's gets 5 on ambience. Think Goodfellas and old ganster movies. Red vinyl seats, wallpaper, dark lighting.I had the primerib with fresh horseradish, it was good but a bit expensiveGreat character restaurant - good for dates and special ocassions!
5	From beginning to the end, Durants was flawless.  No windows in the place, and red booths fill the room.  a large inviting bar, and old rat pack feel from the place.  If I could afford to dine here often I would be one fat and happy girl.
5	I had to meet someone here because I had to interview him for this thing I am writing about him. You might have seen me. I was the guy dressed like pre-success David Foster Wallace. The contract scrawled on a napkin and signed at the bar before the passing of an envelope of money prevents me from giving any more detail. Also this story makes me seem way more awesome when it's left a little blurry... blurry like I started to get after a few strongly poured cocktails at the bar. Thank FSM I had my tape recorder rolling.Also thank goodness the meal was in the contract, because the place aint cheap. But a rare prime rib, crispy on the outside baked potato, oysters, crazy good bread, are worth it if you have it. I just soaked the front of my shirt with my Pavlovian salivation.This place is classy as hell and all Rat Pack feeling. Yeah, I assume every review of this place has some reference to the Rat Pack in it but I didn't read any so I'm not going to feel bad about it. I don't know how I managed to make it to 30 before my first trip here. I'm a Phoenix kid and it's a Phoenix staple. The crowd was a little Luby's but I like old people. It's cool.
4	What a cool place. It's like going back in time to an old bordello. Loved the atmosphere! The steak was good but not great. It was a bit expensive for the meal. Advice - Make a reservation before going and request a booth. Otherwise, if there are only 2 people, you can end up seated at a tiny little table in the middle of everyone else's dinner.
5	This place has a very retro feel. I love the big booths and the entrance is kinda cool(you walk through the kitchen). Great place for a martini for me and a huge steak for the man in my life. :)
4	Meet the newest member of The Porterhouse Club! I thought a 48 oz steak would be a challenge but when its perfectly cooked and seasoned... I even had room for some of the sides! Everything I had here was tasty.  If I lived in Phoenix, I would absolutely bring a lady here if I wanted to impress her but didn't want to spend a fortune. This is one of the best steakhouses ive been to and i may have to upwardly revise my rating after a return visit.
4	I took a co-worker to Durants last Saturday night. This was probably my 40th visit over the last 20 years and it was the first for my guest. As usual, the food and service were top notch. Durants always get the steak temperature perfect. The garlic mashed was hot and tasty. The bread is always a highlight and the homemade salad dressings are the best in town.When you eat in the bar so you get skewered meats and cheese with your cocktails. I think that is great touch and its unique.The bar had no IPA. They need to join the 21st century and stock some microbrews!!! Also the prices are approaching the limits of what I will pay for a great meal, but Durants is still tops in my book.
5	Heard about this interesting steak house from Lindsay, my Yelping 'go to' and I am grateful. What a fun night, feeling "Mad Men' ish as we walked through the kitchen when entering the restuarant. Atmosphere was amazing and the food.... WOW. My fav had to be the amazing steak and bean chili/soup.... fantastic.Steaks were our of this world and the mushrooms... devine.When entering the restaurant we greeted by helpful eager staff ... with each one adding input into our experience.... especially Patti, our server. She was helpful, informative, fun and sealed the deal of a fantastic night. Thanks
5	Fine dining isn't very popular in this day and age. Most of the time a server is hired on their looks and on how well they can coax some bro into buying pitchers of bud light. Durants is the pinnacle of fine dining in Phoenix. Straight up classic steakhouse fare, from oysters and crabcakes to filets broiled to perfection. Take a cab or come with a DD, because they have the most knowledgable bartenders ever. The only place where I can order an old fashioned and not feel like a jerkoff.Save room for dessert, so far I've had the creme brulee, ny cheesecake, and tiramisu. All were excellent! Enter through the kitchen in the back, and tip your waiter well, these people really bust their ass to provide great service!
5	We've long heard about this restaurant, but frankly we don't dine in expensive steak houses all that often. Last time, I made the mistake of going to a Ruth Chris (Anaheim) and having a real disappointment. Here, the prices are about the same (high) but you get an experience to go along with it. As others have stated, we walked through the kitchen to enter the restaurant and WOW what a clean place that was, filled with cheerful workers who greeted us as we walked in. I felt like Frank Sinatra when I walked through their kitchen - it was certainly a flashback to a better, earlier day. The wait staff was fantastic - guys in white jackets moved aside for my wife as she walked in, making her feel like a special lady. Our server, Patti, gave us her business card. How often do you get a business card from a server? She TRULY cared about her guests. There were large bouquets of fresh flowers everywhere, even in the ladies room. There was a pay phone in the ladies room -- a real blast out of the past when ladies had to use a phone to get out of the occasional bad date. The food was even better than the great atmosphere and staff. My wife's filet was perfectly cooked and my Prime Rib was the largest, juiciest slice of meat (about an inch and a half thick) that I've had in years. Really, really good food that we are still talking about a day later. We'll be thinking/talking about this meal for a long time.Make sure you order their Key Lime Pie or their Signature Strawberry Shortcake. Both were superb. My son and I also enjoyed the bread with special garlic, basil and leek treatment. Wow.Thank you Durant's for making our 35th anniversary so special! We will be back soon, I'm sure.
5	Yes it is expensive. Period. However, the food is on point. All my meals; appetizers, wine,  salad, soup, steak was more than solid. The only reason I give them 4 stars is because you enter through the kitchen when you valet. Nothing really bad, just that it could be adjusted to route customers another direction. I will be going back over and over and over...
5	This has been my favorite restaurant for the last 20 years.  The food is always excellent, and entering through the kitchen just adds to the ambiance.
5	GREAT local spot.  My manager was in town and we grabbed lunch here on a friend's recommendation.  Had the 8oz filet and it was cooked to perfection.Food, service, cocktails, and atmosphere were all excellent.  Can't wait to return for dinner.
5	Our favorite steakhouse and that is saying a lot, given the number of outstanding steak places in Phoenix..  Old school decor, totally knowledgeable wait staff, steak the way you want it, awesome crab cakes, super size martinis.  IMO there is no better dining experience!
5	If i had to pick one place to go for my birthday for the rest of my life this would be it.
5	I had another fantastic meal at Durant's on Tuesday!  For me, Durant's the best steak house in Phoenix maybe in the South West! Excellent food and fantastic service, can't wait to go back!
4	Even though I'm a new resident in AZ I've been coming here for years. Durant's is my husbands favorite place so we've been there maybe five times. It's upper end prices and I've never had anything but prime rib but it's always fabulous. The food isn't "foodie" food and isn't exceptional. But it's consistently good food.  The service has always been good. Not what I'd call "excellent" but consistently good. I've never sat around wondering where the server is, or why we don't have something on the table. The reason I'm giving it a four instead of a three is the overall package. It's got a great atmosphere and it's always consistent. consistent food, consistently good service, a decent wine list and a feeling of "occassion". I like it.
5	We utterly ADORED this place!!!!  My husband and I came here prior to an Il Divo concert on 7.12.12 and we're soooo glad we did.  We're also glad we made reservations because the place was full by 5:30p.  From the moment you enter through the kitchen (which made us feel like VIPs), to the greeting at the host stand, to being seated at our oxblood-leather tufted banquette, you're treated as royalty.  Red-flocked wallpaper, luxurious floral arrangements (even in the ladies' room), and Sinatra crooning in the background -- who could ask for more?  Well, we could, and that would be food to match the ambience.  Oh, they did not disappoint.  We shared a calamari appetizer and both ordered the calves' liver -- delicious!!!  All of this voluptuous elegance was served up by the best waiter ever, Patrick McCausland.  He is a consummate professional and we'll definitely be asking for him next time.  The wine was nectar, the food was ambrosia, and Patrick was beyond compare.  We can't wait to go back!
1	After 18 years in the valley, we finally made the trek down to Durant's.First, I will preface my review by stating that we did not stay for dinner. Long story short, we bailed after they brought out the bread basket. Cutting to the chase....Cons:* Entering through the kitchen isn't the best marketing strategy when your kitchen really needs a remodel.* The entire place needs one of those remodeling shows to do a surprise make over.* Carpeted restaurants leave your customers wondering just how dirty that carpet is.* A bar tender should know the wine list, or at least be able to muddle through a question about a bottle of wine.* Bath rooms are a bit tired and need a remodel.* Wait staff needs some training, a tad way to "Denny's casual" for us.* Bread basket and vege plate need some work. If I am dropping 300 bucks for 2 people, pick up the level a bit.* Small detail, but the wine glasses and glass wear need to be updated. Nothing worse that drinking a 150 bottle of wine out of a Denny's type glass. Silver wear is also right out of an institution. Pro's:* Wine list was pretty good, with allot of great wines and reasonably priced too.I am sure we are going against the grain here with this review, but its simply how we see it. We typically have in our steak house rotation, Mastro's, Ocean Club, Bourbon Steak (Michael Mina's place), and Morton's, this place just isn't in that league. While I will admit we never even got to the dinner, I simply made a judgment call that with all that we had seen up to ordering, the food would not have been that good to over come all the cons. If your a 30, 40's or even 50's couple looking for a hip crowd and great atmosphere, note to self... this aint it.I am not a huge food critic. To me it is more important to have a great atmosphere, fun hip crowd. I get the whole "oldest power lunch steak house" thing, but eventually even the greats need to earn their keep through something other than their long lived reputation.
5	Eating at Durant's is a great experience. You feel like you're in a mafia film because of its history and decor. The food was excellent, service was excellent, and the overall experience was excellent.
5	Our favorite steakhouse and that is saying a lot, given the number of outstanding steak places in Phoenix..  Old school decor, totally knowledgeable wait staff, steak the way you want it, awesome crab cakes, super size martinis.  IMO there is no better dining experience!Back again for a special occasion......incredible prime rib, the best wait staff in Phoenix.....hands down, the number one steakhouse.
5	Love the ambiance of Durant's.  Like the rest of the reviews mention, think mafioso.  Think Mad Men.  Think old school Phoenix.  The lighting is dark, the wall paper is red velvet, and the entrance is through the kitchen.  Marvelous.The food and drinks weren't bad either!  I had one cosmo that put me at just the right "level," which I'm not sure if that says more about Durant's or my ability to handle alcohol.  In any case, the drinks were great.  I also had a New York strip, which was cooked at a perfect medium as ordered.  To sum it all up, the mood of Durant's prompted my boyfriend to propose to me at the end of the night.  Can you say romance?
4	The Classic American steakhouse.  Very reminiscent of Good Fellas.  I feel like you should walk in and see Ray Liotta or Joe Pesci.  The food and service here is excellent but such levels also have a price and Durants is not for those on a budget.  The complimentary valet is an excellent touch and the backdoor/kitchen entrance is an interesting tidbit.If you're looking for a special occasion or just a great steak come on by.
5	Ok so entering through the kitchen was fantastic, I really like seeing 'behind the scenes' and the red velvet wallpaper was over the top 'mob' cool with the big comfortable booths and awards on the walls for all the folks that have eaten the 48oz steak! Holy cow! I'm not a big steak eater but this was the BEST steak I've had in years. And i cant stop thinking about the garlic bread. Great wine selection and truly great service, you can't go wrong! Just make sure you make reservations, they were fully booked.
5	The food is always great, the drinks fresh, and the atmospher rich.
1	HORRIBLE service and food the quality of DENNY'S. Place needs new chefts, ownership,  and a manager who knows what they are doing.
3	The food was very good! We got the smaller filet mignon with mashed potatoes and the shrimp scampi. Everything was prepared very well.Our server wasn't very attentive after he found out we weren't ordering drinks. He didn't come by our table much and pretty much ignored us when we asked to turn the air conditioning down. It was very chilly in there!I like how you enter through the kitchen. The ambiance of the place is nice too.We would return but only for a nice occasion. It was a bit pricey!
5	My family has dined here since the late 70's when I was a kid growing up in Phoenix. It's a point of pride for locals, serving outstanding steaks, chops, etc. it has ALWAYS looked the same and I feel right at home in the Rat Pack "themed" dining room. Enter & exit through the kitchen back door to see the busy, well-managed & friendly kitchen. This place is expensive, but the outstanding quality of food and superior service make for a fine experience. The restaurant is employee owned (at least it was... when Jack Durant died decades ago he left the restaurant to his employees along with $1 million to be divided up amongst them and rumor has it that some of the $ also went to his prized bulldogs, who are also honored by having their portraits displayed in the bar. For years & years the wait staff remained the same, and familiar to my family.)  They really put everything into their service. I sincerely hope you love it there as much as I do.
5	A Phoenix landmark deserving it's long established reputation as the best steak/chop house in the state! Love the decor, adore the staff and the food is hands down the best!
4	The service, decor and appetizers are always top-notch. Crab claws and mussels are some of my favorites. While the steaks are always good, they leave me wishing I headed to City Hall instead. Factoring in the high prices, the steaks are just not my first choice. If you're into a simpler slab of lightly seasoned beef, however, this may be the place for you.
4	I was taken here by a friend of mine who lives in Phoenix. He highly recommended it and after having lunch there, I have to agree. I had the steak sandwich (Filet Mignon) done medium (perfectly cooed). My soup was Minestrone but not done the way I am used to but I still enjoyed it. The service was very good. My only recommendation is the place needs a makeover. It's quite dated.
5	One of Phoenix's finest. This is an American classic w/ quality table service, excellent seafood and steaks....Pull in back, valet and have a wonderful meal. You will love it!
4	We had a chance to go there during the restaurant week. I love the atmosphere. It look so cool with all seat and tables, and the staff are also part of good experience. They are so professional. The food are so delicious and tasty. However they are a bit too salty for me. With the experience, it was good.
4	I went back to Durant's last night for my anniversary because the BF really wanted to try it. They totally redeemed themselves. We had a fabulous dinner! They brought out that delicious leek and garlic bread....that has got to be the best bread in Phoenix! For dinner the BF got the New York with rice pilaf and I got the filet and scallops combo (fancy, huh?)...We both got the pumpkin bisque soup to start. The soup was SO good... creamy and delicious. Sweet and savory. It was like savory pumpkin pie....we both loved it. The steaks were delicious, perfectly cooked and seasoned. The scallops were slightly on the fishy side, BUT they were also cooked perfectly and had this wonderful creamy herb sauce with them. It was like eating a deconstructed clam chowder almost. Very good. I had the mashed potatoes with my meats and they were creamy and flavorful. The filet melted in my mouth. Despite the fact that we were both stuffed beyond belief, the restaurant graciously offered us dessert on the house for our anniversary. We got the brownie pie on the recommendation of our waiter. It was so rich and wonderful. Two brownies with nuts sandwiching vanilla ice cream, topped with whipped cream and chocolate in a pool of chocolate sauce....ridic! The only problem with this place is it is very pricey....it isn't a place we could go to all the time for sure...but for a (very) special occasion, this place is top notch!
5	One of the coolest restaurants I've been to in a long time. I entered through the kitchen and immediately turned around when I saw the kitchen staff - but they assured me I was headed in the right direction. We sat in a comfortable booth and looked over the amazing menu. We ordered a majority of their apps - the spinach dip being my favorite. For my entree, I ordered the salmon with the side salad and garlic mashed potatoes. Big portions, big flavor. Immpecable service. My next visit won't be soon enough!
4	Velvet wallpaper adorn the dimly lit  walls here, and make you feel like Dean Martin might sit at the table next to you. Old school, in the classic sense. I used to work across the street from here, and would stop in from time to time for a great happy hour, occasional employee lunch for my staff or a special occasion dinner from time to time. Being from New England, it says a lot when I admit that they have the best Oysters Rockefeller I have ever had. Ever. The steaks are just wonderful, and the martinis perfectly poured. But you know what secret thing I ADORE about this place (besides the back entrance through the kitchen)? The bread. Warm white rolls smothered in a garlicky-leek chutney of some sort. For all those times your Mom told you not to fill up on bread, just disregard. She never had this bread. While I think you should always splurge here for a fantastic dinner, the real bargains are lunch and Happy Hour.
5	Great restaurant.The ambience was awesome.  Think Rat Pack 1960's with modern appointments (flat screen near the bar, etc.).  I took my wife for her birthday.  I fully recommend the oysters rockefeller...best I have ever had!  The filets are good, very tender.  Triple creme brulee for dessert was wonderful.  Staff was incredibly professional.  You will get what you pay for.  Expect about $200 for a complete meal with a cocktail.Great time.  I shall return.
5	OMG. Restaurant makes me feel like I am hanging out with the rat pack. The menu is extensive and pricey. Save room for the strawberry shortcake for desert. You will be glad you did.
5	Durant's Ohhhhh how I love thee, from your meat puppets to your prime rib. I can always count on your cooked to perfection food, stellar service, and stiff drinks. If only more were as great as you. I would have to say that DURANTS is the one restaurant that any visitor NEEDS to eat at to experience Phoenix. Putting my love and affection aside, please check your slider buns before service mine were a bit stiff tonight, not bad just not up to the level of amazingness I'm accustomed to.
5	Old school steak house in every way... amazing food, great bar.   If your looking for nouveau which Phoenix as over done ad nauseum, your at the wrong place,  One of the few higher end restaurants in Arizona that actually has character and history....
5	Very accommodating!  My girlfriends and I (about 8 of us) visited Durants on a whim but hadn't made reservations. The first hostess turned us away  pretty quickly. As we were standing there verbally pondering next steps, another host told us he could seat us in 25 minutes but we were seated in less than 15. We each ordered different plates and sampled from each other's. I had the prime rib rare with baked potato. Later, after agreeing we were too full for desserts, a waiter went by with chocolate cake and cheesecake. Needless to say, we ordered one of each, and were not disappointed!The food was wonderful!  Yeah, you're gonna pay high dollar, but the ambiance, the attentive wait staff, the food is worth it.
4	This is not my kind of place. That said the food was very good, the service excellent and the atmosphere lively. It's an institution in PHX and a place u must try.
5	My wife and I celebrated our anniversary here for the first time. I have nothing but good things to say. Food, wait staff and overall experience were excellent. This is an old school type of steakhouse with red velvet wallpaper, leather booths, etc. If you haven't been, I can't recommend it highly enough. Give it a try and you'll be glad you did!
3	Pricey...  Ribeye was good.  Filet was excellent.  Decor is crazy cool (think Dean Martin).  Love that you walk through the kitchen as the entrance.  I just do not think it was worth the price.  4 glasses of wine (7.00 each)...2 steaks...no dessert or apps...shouldn't be $135.00.I am sure I am in the minority with 3 stars.
5	Old school steak house.  Best 22oz ribeye I've had in years.  Bread drenched in broth was curiously delicous.  Waitstaff hustled.  THe only aspect was the salad, a waste but at Durants, there is so much good meat, why waste it on vegiies!
5	Great old fashioned steak house!  Great steaks, great service!
5	My husband and I had the pleasure of dining at Durant's again for our annual Christmas Eve dinner.  FANTASTIC!  Ron was our server (so polite) and did a great job!  We started with shrimp cocktail $15.95.  It was the best I've ever had (my husband agreed).  Salads were excellent.  Two filet mignon steaks later; $89.00 but were they ever worth it!  Our steaks were cooked to perfection and melted in our mouths.  Sauteed Mushrooms $10.50 were so good as well and lots of them.  One bottle of wine and our total bill was $140.00.  This is only our 2nd time at Durant's.  I'm going back again next Christmas Eve for sure.  Hands down, we had one of the best meals ever!  PS - I love going in thru the kitchen.  Durants . . . BEST OF PHOENIX and it's in my neighborhood.  Thanks Durant's you are really something to remember.
1	Well, I dont know what to say. I made dinner reservations and everything and told the person on the phone that we are celebrating an occassion. When we got there, the host looks up my reservation and then asks us if we want to sit at the bar?! WTF!!! Eat at the bar....WHY?! I did not want to spoil the mood, so I politely said no, and that we prefer a booth. The dinner was amazing...the oysters, the steak, the scallops and the dessert....they were all good. But I am never going back there again. I guess I wasnt an old white person and so they wanted me to have my 3-course $180 dinner at the BAR!! Really? Well, too bad, coz you lost my business forever. There are plenty of great steakhouses in the valley and I dont need this kind of treatment when I am out celebrating with my family.
4	I decided to come here for my birthday and i'm glad i did, i had the ribeye with mashed potatoes. I ordered my ribeye rare which was cooked and seasoned very well. The steak though wasn't as tender as i thought it would be which surprised me maybe it was just not as good of a cut that day. the mashed potatoes though is another story i swear i was biting into clouds! those were some of the best mashed potatoes i've ever had.
4	Pure classic Phoenix, a must visit with out of town visitors. The food is always excellent, and I love that the decor probably hasn't changed since the 70s. The service is top-notch, and they make some of the best martinis in town.
5	One of the best steakhouses in Phoenix, hands down. I've been twice and the food was flawless both times. Service is spot-on and the drinks are top notch. The staff has been here literally for decades, they don't leave. The guy who cooked our steaks had been there for 50 years. My one word of caution would be to be careful of going with too many people. 2-4 is fine. We went with 5 and got stuck in a half-shell booth that was not conducive to conversation and it appeared others were struggling with the same dynamic. Overall worth the effort and price, wonderful restaurant.
4	Yep, it's a good one! FOOD not fuel! Worth a stop, great beef quality.
4	This is an old school steakhouse that I am told is "the place" for the movers and shakers of Phoenix to do business. I was there for a lunch meeting and was very pleased by the experience. The staff was friendly and very professional. The group I was with had a variety of food all of which looked great.  I had the steak sandwhich which was very good.
5	We went to Durant's to celebrate my parent's anniversary.  I love this place!  It was very, very busy on a Saturday night.  Slightly noisy with everyone chatting away, great ambiance.  Started with Oysters Rockefeller.  I have never had them as good as they make them here.  I could have probably just ordered that as my main course and been happy.  If you ever come here, you must try them.  I am not a fan of oysters but they are the best!  My husband had the 12 oz Prime Rib, which was quite tasty but a little too fatty.  My father also had the Prime Rib and mom had the ribeye steak.  I had the 8 oz. Filet and it was perfection.  I also had the spinach salad (came with the meal) and it was very good.  The wait staff was attentive and kept our water glasses, and coffee cups, filled.   It is expensive and was a splurge for us.  I have been here several times and the service and food is always consistent.
5	Absolutely amazing! We had a great time as the food, drinks and service were perfect. We never had to wait for refills, the waiter was very attentive and he made us feel like we were the only customers in the entire restaurant.
5	Durant's is everything a steakhouse should be. Dimly lit with a somewhat mafia like gangstery feeling warm atmosphere, professional and prompt no b.s. service with THE BEST tasting 12 oz filet I have ever had. The walk through the kitchen is a nice touch, especially when leaving because you get a chance to thank the chefs that made that mouthwatering slab of perfection you just gorged on. I don't mind paying a bit more for a meal like I had last night. And they don't skimp on the pours, my martini was filled to the brim which is just how it should be. Mastros can take their pretentious wait staff and long speeches about how their cows are hand fed grass by some old farmer and his wife in ohio and seasoned with blah blah blah, seared in a 1200 degree oven and served with bleh blipitty bloop and if I order it rare it will have a cool pink center etc (I think I know what rare is)... just give me the GD steak and make it amazing like Durant's did and let me enjoy my company and my meal. I can't wait to go back!P.S. Their Bearnaise sauce was great too.
4	It was solid
4	Four stars only because they need improvement in their bar... like another person posted... the drinks are way over priced for a skinny glass of mostly ice.  (I'd really like to see them improve their lemon drop recipe too, as I won't order one from here again).  The food, however, is fabulous...no matter what you order.
2	So..... yeah.... this happenedAs you can tell by the price rating on Durant's, this is not a cheap restaurant.  It is one of the most expensive dinners I've had while in Phoenix.  So when I'm going to dine at a restaurant when my bill will be $100+ I expect excellent service, close to military type precision, and Durant's doesn't have it.Overall Service: Our waiters were sporadic when checking in on us, there were several times when we had to catch anyone just to tell them to get our waiter because we wanted either a new drink or to even order our dinner.  The our table wasn't even cleared enough either!  Empty plates and glasses were just left on our table, making it crowded after a while.  It became a running joke with my friends how bad the service was.  Such a shame.Bread Service: There was a small round of bread that was actually really yummy with spinach, onions and olive oil.  Not enough though, and wasn't refilled to the table till the end of the meal (yeah exactly).  Also we were served a small plate of some random veggies with a ranch dipping sauce.  The presentation could have been better.  Drinks: When we ordered wine, the serving experience was special... The wine glasses and flights (both empty) were delivered first and then eventually the waiter brought the bottles of wine to pour into our flights, then pour wine from the flight into our glasses.  The staff really needs to be retrained on how to serve wine...  Wine was split while pouring my flight and i had to ask for a new napkin since mine was soaked in wine.  Mid-point into the dinner we got tired of waiting for the servers so we just went to the bar to get our drinks.Appetizers:  We got the calamari, chicken livers, and crab cake.  The calamari, the cheapest appetizer at $10 was fine, nothing special.  Chicken livers were dry and with no dipping sauce.  Crab cake was my favorite and I would order this again if I ever find myself back here, for some unknown reason.Dinner: The stakes were good.  Didn't really rock my world considering the price, but they were good.  They come with a salad and a starch side.  For the salad, make sure to ask for the dressing on the side, my friend's salads were drenched.  The prices ranged from $30 (8 oz prime rib) - $200 for the steak dinners (that cut came with two lobster tails), fyi.Dessert: We ordered the chocolate temptation cake, the brownie, and the creme brulee.  They got our order wrong so we got a free key lime pie also.  They were all fine, again, nothing that was fantastic.  There was a chocolate creme brulee but didn't actually look like a brulee, more like a mousse, and it was grainy, like the chocolate wasn't mixed properly.If this was a cheaper restaurant, my rating would be higher.  The size of the bill really make my expectations higher, and Durant's didn't meet them.  I doubt we'll ever go back.Also, P.s. I don't think there was a handicap woman's stall in the bathroom.  I didn't realize it till later, but I find it unusual to not have one in this day in age.  So fyi.
4	To really enjoy Durants you have to have dinner at the bar. The service at the bar is excellent and the Durant regulars know that the bar is where to strike up a conversation with your neighbors. And try a gin martini - it's excellent.Like other reviewers have noted, the service expected for the prices is not experienced in the restaurant proper. While the food is the best. My favorite is the prime rib - medium rare - with garlic mash potatoes and asparagus.
4	Let me first say this: I don't love steak. Yes, It's true. But I loved this place.My father loves steak and while I was growing up it was always steak, steak steak, every meal all the time. I got to the point if you offered me a steak, I would have to go an meet a new probation officer.Steak annoys me. A giant piece of meat? Really?I don't like giant servings or giant things given to me with the expectation of me eating them as if I'm a contestant in some crazy meat-eating contest. The only things that I think that are better when you increase the serving size are cocaine and bourbon.But, I have to say, I ordered the Delmonico and I loved it. It was absolutely delicious. I ordered the Delmonico because I liked the way it sounded -- old school. "Give me the Delmonico and a bourbon."I liked saying that.And the waiter was very attentive and the buser was also right on top of things. The valet was good too.I wish we could have sat at the bar, but it was packed. We had to sit at a table in the main room. The lights above us were so bright I confessed to three crimes before I caught myself.DIM THE LIGHTS FOR GOD'S SAKE!
4	Went to this place after eating next door at Switch based on the reviews. We didn't eat since we were full so this review is just about the bar. Sorry. You walk thru the kitchen to get into the place, which is cool. The restaurant is very old school feel, mafia like, dim lights, waiters in vests and bow ties. We did try some bread that looked amazing, even though we were full. Couldn't help myself as bread is a weakness of mine. Ciabatta loaf with a sauce poured over it of butter, leeks, shallot, garlic and basil. To die for. Their wine list is incredible, screaming eagle and sine non qua. Awesome. We definitely want to go back for the Delmonico steak as many restaurants don't even carry this kind of steak. The place was packed on a Sunday.
5	Amazing food, great service.
5	A throwback to the old mob days, this place rocks.  It reminds me of old school Vegas restaurants that I remember from years ago as a kid.  You park in the back of the restaurant and walk in through the kitchen, how cool is that?!  Before I took a bite of food, I was a fan of this place.  After my first meal, it went to the top of my list.  Since that first visit, I've been back several times for lunch and dinner.  It never disappoints.  Some items I've had here:Wedge Salad w/GorgonzolaBeefsteak Tomato Salad w/Bleu Cheese CrumblesFrench Dip12 oz FiletChop House Burger w/CheeseSide of Rice PilafFor lunch, my 2 fav items are the French Dip and the Chop House Burger w/Cheese.  They're very good and fill you up nice.For Dinner, I always get the Filet.  It's my favorite cut of Beef and Durant's does a great job with their Filet.  I like to have it with a side of Rice Pilaf....yum!The Salads here are pretty big, so I recommend splitting them.  The Wedge Salad is my fav....crispy, juicy Lettuce and creamy Gorgonzola....yes!Service here is spectacular as well.  Its always been perfect for us.I wish I lived closer to this place.Return Factor - 100%
3	What to say what to say...hmmmfood is consistent & classic - nothing really 'new' or trendy on the menu - but thats what durants is known for, classic steak.we live downtown so have gone many many times (in fact my grandmother has stories about going since they first opened...)anyways - its good, its kinda salty, and if youre old & white they will probably kiss your ass, sorry had to say it!Id rather hit City Hall or J&G, but i do LOVE their shrimp cocktail!
4	My son and I had our annual baseball Spring Training trip recently and for us that means a trip to Durant's.  We simply love it every time.  This is a truly old school steak house.  Stuck in a different era and we hope they never find a reason to change.  And when was the last time you entered a restaurant from the rear and through the incredibly busy kitchen?  It's a little thing that really sets the stage for a fun evening.  The bar tenders are really great.  Again old school and really know their stuff.  We started with martini's that as usual, were perfect.  Our table was ready right on time and we proceeded to order a feast of steaks, seafood, salads, etc.  All were outstanding.  Service was prompt and attentive but a little rushed.   They were packed as usual.Why only 4 stars.  This place is really expensive.  Fasten your safety belt before you go in.  But you know?  For the whole experience, it is well worth it.   We'll be back as usual next spring.
5	Finally got to eat here for a work event.  It was EXACTLY what everyone is raving about.  My steak was perfect and all the fixings were just as wonderful.  The waiters are very professional and the atmosphere is classic.  Treat yourself already!
1	Horrible service..and (3) $40.00 steaks that were a bit dry and tough i...we personally had a bad experience an will never in this life time return..so don't believe the hype..Believe me folks the place look nice but ain't all that..!
5	Fun, great food, classic old-school feel.
5	My husband and I LOVE this place.  The first time we went a friend had recommended this place to me, and I decided to make a reservation on OpenTable and we got in with no problems.  On the outside this does not look like much, and at first it throws you off that you have to walk to the kitchen to get to the dining area.  The staff is very friendly and knows the menu very well.  We order the Seafood Sampler and it is delicious.  Some steakhouses are hit and miss and this one is a hit over and over.  It is never a disappointment.  The Australian Lobster Tail and the Filet Mignon are the best that I have ever had!
2	The entrance is cool walking through the kitchen. The main Chef was not there and my NY Steak was over cooked, had to send back. Took awhile to get a new one. Was OK, I will probably not return.
5	This staple of Phoenix history is one that cannot be missed. I always feel like I'm in the movie Goofella's when entering in the back door through the kitchen. Upon entering the restaraunt sites bring memories from the Rat Pack erra with a dimly lit dining room. The thing I love about this place is that they have an awesome Lunch menu that's still pricey but you get great food for the money you spend. If you want a dinner experience that will never be forgotten then come and try one of their steaks. The Filet Mignon is amazing as well as the T-Bone Steak. Be prepared to pay top dollar for a top dollar experience that you will not find at other chain steakhouses. If the walls could talk at Durant's there would be whisperings of business deals, power lunches, and romantic interludes. You can have all sorts of experiences here that will be memorable.
4	Durants is legendary. A piece of Phoenix history that was and is connected to the heart of the city of the bird of rising ash..Durants:Service: Always top notch. These waiters are old school and professional. They know how to give you your space while at the same time remain attentive. Always kept our water full.Drinks:Legendary. The only place I can order my wife a Sidecar and not feel like I am some Alien trying to communicate with some uniformed part-time bar tender (uh whats a Sidecar have in it again?). Not at Durants. It always comes out right. My Gin martini always piercing cold, done right. No second guessing. These bartenders are lifers.Food:I loved every portion and the food was presented nicely and on-time and perfectly paced. Salad: The house made dressing and relish tray classic. Bread: The leek olive oil soaked bread is amazing. I dream of it.Steaks: I have had their ribeye and prime rib. Both cooked perfectly. Both amazing in cut and flavor. Is this some USDA Prime dry aged marbled beast? Not sure. But that charcoal mesquite fire grill makes these steaks mighty darn tasty. Dessert:Pretty solid. Basic usual suspects. Cheesecake, Ice Cream, Pie, Brownie. Atmosphere:Durants has it in droves. Its like that scene in Goodfellas where everyone says hi to Ray Liotas character. Except with pictures of Jack Durant himself and his famous bulldogs on the wall.
5	There's something about a plush red booth that just makes me want to eat steak.  I like Durants for the Ambiance.  I like Durants for the Food,  I Love Durants for the meat puppet.We should go here more often....
4	Meat, glorious meat!  I love me some steak from Durant's.  One of the best steakhouses in town, as far as I am concerned.  Have been many times over the years, and went again with a friend a couple weeks ago.Entering Durant's is always the bomb.  Since there is nowhere to park in front, your best entrance is through the back door and the kitchen.  Talk about getting your stomach rumbling!  Walking through (on the red carpet), and having the cooks shout a greeting is always fun.  And the smell of all the meat cooking......drool!The ambiance is always great, and the servers have always been very knowledgeable of their menu.  Food was there fairly quick, and absolutely enjoyed my medium-rare prime rib.  So goooooood!I always recommend Durant's to any of my friends saying they are looking for a steakhouse.  Give it a whirl!  You won't regret it!
4	Without a doubt, good stuff!The ambiance is just about universally appealing: dim, lush, old school class, and fun in a back-to-the-future-but-not-campy kinda way.I sat at the bar, so I can't comment on the table service, but the sheer number of staff walking around leads me to believe it'd be on-point.I was in the mood for steak and steak is what I got:  perfectly cooked to temperature, classically seasoned, and most importantly, well rested.The only word of caution here is that if you intend to dine here, not take home leftovers, and finish your meal, the portions served could be devastating to any plans afterwards.  I ordered the 18oz ribeye, and it had minimal gristle:  add in the salad, a side, whatever you're drinking, and you are potentially facing a full 2 pounds of food in your stomach.  That's borderline competitive eating, and it might make you reach for the couch in a desperate attempt to take a nap.Next time, I'll definitely be getting a surf & turf so I can have room to try the seafood since there seems to be a lot of great stuff to try here besides choking down a steak of flinstonian proportions.All in all, very satisfied ... even as I write this review from my couch.
5	This place kicks butt!  I do not get here nearly enough.  Great food, great service, grand entrance through the kitchen.  Lunch or dinner it is all good!
4	This place was pretty cool overall.  The entrance takes you through the kitchen and then into the restaurant.  The restaurant has an old school design to it with the leather booths.  The food was pretty good as well.  I really enjoyed the bread and the garlic mashed potatoes.  I bought prime rib which I only have done maybe 2 or 3 times in my life.  It was ok but I wish I would have gotten a steak now.  My friend ate the 48 oz steak which was huge.  Then as a "reward" he was given a mountain of a dessert that was pretty good as well helped him eat it.  I would go again for sure and try the steak next time.
5	Oh yes, Durant's!We have been coming to Durant's for dinner the last 4 or 5 years. Usually when we dine there it is on a Saturday night and it is usually fairly busy. I can honestly say not only have I had fantastic meals here, but, the service is always spot on. The decor is old school which I love. You really feel like you stepped back in time with the red booths and traditionally dressed waiters. I love walking through the kitchen to get to the maitre d. It is one of the few places in town where I love dressing up to dine out, as the atmosphere is totally conducive to that. (No worries if you want to go casual -it is my own personal preference when I dine at Durant's-something about the atmosphere makes me want to wear a dress.) :)I love their shrimp cocktail. It is fantastic. I am not even a steak eater anymore-I realize that is what they are known for but I love Durant's none-the-less. Their fish dishes are really good.I love their crudites when you are seated-there is something magical about their ranch dressing.I need to mention the bussers. I drink A LOT of water. Those guys and gals hustle-they are top notch. My water glass is never empty long and I appreciate that.  Nice wine list, and their wines are reasonably priced.
4	This is like writing a letter of recommendation for an old business partner. I started my business career in the 70s coming over from LA and hanging with the deal makers at Durants bar. Deal closing a called for a shrimp cocktail and a ribeye. Central was a hub, and Durants was the hub of Central. Now 40 years later Durants is for special personal occasions and family. We've changed but Durants will always be Old Phoenix.
5	We have been here a few times and never have been disappointed! It's an Old Skool Steak house - think mad men, goodfellas, backroom politics, etc. For us that just adds to the meal! Prime Rib was awesome! Garlic mashed potatoes too! We have never had a problem with service - they have always been almost too nice!  They even comped dessert because it was our 10th anniversary! You can't ask for more!You will spend cash here but, for my money it's way better than Ruth Chris, Flemings, etc.
5	Durant's. A Phoenix Institution. An integral part of our Valley's history. Famed for old school red leather and Mafioso charm. Not to mention, the steak is pretty darn good too. Hard to write further about what other Yelpers haven't covered. If you haven't been, its worth the trip into Downtown Phoenix to experience a classic. Enter through the kitchen, step back in time and savor your dirty martini. cheers!
2	I've GOT to give this Phoenix restaurant landmark another shot. First (and only) experience was far less than impressive. My steak was over cooked (ordered Medium) and the bartender/server was far too busy to check on us...not even once. Hell, I couldn't even get his attention when/if I wanted it. My expectations were so high! When I pay a premium for food, I sorta expect premium in return. Will chalk it up to a bad night.
5	This gem is definitely the place to go for that 'boys' night out for dinner. Single buddy throwing a BDay party? Dinner here first!Vibe: The atmosphere is straight gangster! Like actually gangster. Durant's is a former hangout of 1930's gangsters. Reason enough to come here. The Bartenders are probably the classiest and best in the valley. Don't tell them a drink, tell them a type of liquor and they will recommend a masterpiece. However, this is the type of place you go to and drink a Glenlivet 18year. Food: No contest, a top 5 steak in the valley. Their prime rib is probably top 2. Even their $19 burger is delicious, but don't get that.. Get the Rib-eye on your first visit!The only negative, due to its age, is the bathroom is small and kinda GRO! However, the first time you take a friend, I like to screw with them and tell them the bathrooms are baller and they should check them out... Friends always back confused like I don't know what 'baller' means.
2	Had heard about Durants for years and finally went last night.  This review is not kind so if you are a fan, you should go to other reviews.Positives:  AtmosphereOld school decor (straight out of the 60's)Courteous wait staffNegatives:Horribly over priced-  I've had a better Ribeye at Houston's and it didn't cost $48.Steak quality was not what I expected.  Ribeye is a well marbled steak, but these had a lot of gristle, were not nearly the quality I'd expect for the 5 star price.5 Guys and Red Robin make much better fries....seriously, I have shoe laces that are firmer.One person in my party complained about the lack of steak quality and had a plateful of gristle and fat on his plate.My verdict.... I was anticipating a steak dinner that was top notch.  It was far from that.  Perhaps they just had a poor quality slab to cut the steaks from, but at $50 a steak, someone in the kitchen should gave caught it.  Plenty of other great places in Phoenix to eat a marvelous steak....and I prefer those after this dinner.
5	I absolutely LOVE this place. I am going to miss living right down the street. Great Happy Hour (mussels oh MY). Great Bartenders and the food is beyond Compare. They stir instead of shaking the martinis AND have my favorite vodka, Tito's. Gayle is just a delight every time I go in. I've also made a few friends hanging out there. OH and the ambiance! Get there. Now.
3	If Mad Men were a restaurant, it would be Durant's. I love this place for the atmosphere, the drinks, and the strawberry shortcake.
5	My husband surprised me with an anniversary dinner at Durant's. We had a really nice time. I love the throwback vibe of the place and the walk through the kitchen to get inside. I could do without complimentary valet, but that's just me. The kitchen staff happily greeted us and the wait staff was also very friendly. They have a great selection of wine that compliments the food.We ordered scallops for an appetizerand they were cooked perfectly! My husband had the Delmonico and I enjoyed a medium rare Filet. Both were cooked exactly how we ordered it and both tasted delicious. The stuffed baked potato is worth every single calorie and then some!The wait staff gave us a complimentary dessert to celebrate our anniversary and we went with the Strawberry Shortcake. It was huge! The angel cake was perfectly fluffy and the strawberries were sweet and ripe.
4	If you're looking for a throwback kind of restaurant that also serves a very good steak, then Durant's is your place.  The decor definitely gives off the gangster vibe.  I'm not sure if I would consider this restaurant to have too much of a romantic ambiance because the lighting was quite bright and it was quite loud.  I would definitely recommend that if you coming with a date (as I did) to ask for one of the corner tables because they are a little more private and allow the chance for conversation.  If we weren't sitting right next to each other we probably would not have been able to hear each other.  I didn't have to ask for the corner table, but I've heard that it is best to request it. I didn't really get the feel that the waiting service was that different than most restaurants with people who actually know how to wait tables.  I got the filet and it was excellent.  I would recommend this restaurant more for a boy's night out rather than a date.
2	I've had some great business lunches here, but I have to say I was incredibly underwhelmed this last visit.  I took my fiancee and a friend in from out of town there.  Let's talk food: Since my fiancee and I usually each order an entree and switch halfway through dinner, for the first time ever, I ordered something other than a steak. I got the crab cakes and he got a T-bone. The steak was good - cooked right, tasted as expected, but to me, wasn't a $47 steak. That's the price I would expect of an exceptional steak.  Then there were the $43 crab cakes. When I first got them I was disappointed because there was so much creamy sauce on the plate and I am kind of a crab cake purist: lump crab meat, minimal filling, a little lemon and seafood seasoning.  After a few bites of really dry, not so tasty crab cakes I realized what the sauce was there for.  We left one whole crab cake on the plate after pushing food around and decided to just finish the steak and leave it alone.  I decided that I knew better of this restaurant and that i wanted to finish off dinner on a positive note. I decided to order dessert to erase the crab cake incident from memory. I ordered an apple crisp, which was barely better than the crab cake.  Bland soggy crust, overcooked apples, no "crisp" or topping other than the ice cream...  I had three bites and didn't eat any more of that despite being hungry. Then there was the service: The waiter we had wasn't outright rude, but he definitely was not nice, kind or gracious, and it appeared that he had a bit of an attitude with our out of town guest who happened to be foreign (but speaks English).  He never once asked about the food. Leaving half your dinner and 90% of your dessert warrants at least a "Was everything ok?" which we definitely did not get.
5	We were at a Diamondbacks game, and a friend recommended we try Durant's for dinner. Yes, we walked through the kitchen to get to the dining room. They bring you hot delicious bread to start, topped with onion, garlic, olive oil and parsley. It is difficult to stop eating this bread. Prime rib, medium rare,with garlic mashed potatoes on the side was very very yum. My bro ordered liver and onions. He gave me a taste....soooo delicious. I would go back to Durant's anytime I found myself in Phoenix.
4	My mom and I had a delicious mid week late lunch here.  We opted to sit in the bar area, we love the lively happy hour. No veggies were served like they usually do? We started with onion rings (yummy & hot) and a crab cake. Crab cake was only ok, texture was a bit over mixed and the aioli was slightly heavy- I wish it came with a few greens to lighten up the aioli. I had a delicious sauvignon blanc with the appetizer and had a nice merlot recommended to accompany the tomato caprese salad with basil basalmic and blue cheese. It was filling and not too heavy.  My mom had the New York strip and ordered it medium well.  It was a little more well done, slightly chewy but very tasty she said.  Her sides were roasted veggies and a baked potatos which were nothing special at all.  for dessert, the New York classic cheesecake was highlight of it all!! It is a nice size to share with a dollop of whipped cream. The cheesecake itself is super light which we wonder if it has marscrapone?  Delicious! I am dying to try the tiramisu but my mom is not a fan.  Will be returning for the great food and vintage chic environment.
5	I took the lady here for our 1yr anniversary after hearing good things about it. She actually wanted to go to the Melting Pot since that was where we had our first date at - but hey, I'm the man here right? And I say that we are trying something new!Entering the door and going through the kitchen is different... and weird. If I hadn't read about it here on Yelp then I would have thought I walked in the wrong door. The girlfriend still swore I was lying and I pulled a fast one on her. Even after seeing people come and go through the kitchen, she was still skeptical! LOL. It is a nice touch though - my comment was "it makes it a bit harder to spit in your food with customers walking through all the time, huh?"I know, the way I think is weird.The garlic bread was good. I generally don't like a bunch of "crap" on my bread but I actually really enjoyed this bread. I could have made a whole meal out of it (I've heard that from others).The taters were good as was the steak. The searing+flavoring was phenomenal on both her Filet Mignon and my New York. It was probably one of the better flavorings I've had on a steak to be honest.I actually undervalued the bill too. I figured I'd be hit with a Delmonico's (Vegas) tab but it wasn't so bad. Service was good too - I drink a lot and my water glass was never empty. My alcoholic drink (Long Island) was also good as well as whatever fruity drink she had. Not too alcoholic, but still very tasty on both drinks.
3	So I've lived in Phoenix for maybe 38 years and always heard about Durant's but never been there until last night. Yes, I gave it 3 stars and I'll tell you why...Service: was okay nothing over the top. Matter of fact the waiter forgot what I ordered about twice, but I wasn't upset. They were on point with keeping my glass of water filled, kudos. Ambiance: Romantic, my Wife and I really enjoyed the booths, tapestry walls and red accents throughout (my favorite color). Food; We had the oysters, saute mushrooms, 18 oz Rib-eye, 14 oz Porterhouse, Garlic Mashed potatoes, baked potato, cheesecake and tiramisu. My Wife and I agreed the steaks where about a 9 out of 10, then from there the rest of the food was well average. In the case of my garlic mashed potatoes, that was below average they just had a taste and flavor or was paper or just some kind of pasty texture I didn't finis them, they weren't horrible just not what I expected. Backed potato and saute'd mushrooms where average (I could make these).... But the cheesecake and tiramisu... "Damn!!" so good... I'm not really into sweets as much as steaks but I'd almost go back to just eat that cheesecake again.So at the end of it all... for the amount they charge and the flavor of food and well everything else.. I just wasn't that impressed. It's not horrible, mind you. For the amount of money, I've had excellence service, and outstanding food... Was nice to finally see what is was all about.
5	Although we have been going to Durant's for years, we chose Durant's as one of our AZ Restaurant week pick.  It is of course one of our favorite places. Durant's has a veritable plethora of cliental.  During restaurant week you may sit next to someone who frequents Durant's or someone who is experiencing it for the first time, as we did.  It can be difficult not to give direction but the staff is very good at pointing you the way.  We are fortunate to have made acquaintance with a few of the wait staff. One or two I have known prior to there tenure at Durant's. It is coveted and difficult to get a job at Durant's, you must wait for someone to leave and that rarely happens.  One person I really miss is John, the bartender, who served for over 40yrs.  He was an icon at Durant's. When I was younger and had a lot less money I often sat at the bar with friends and chatted with him over a martini.  He taught me some tricks and life lessons in his quiet way. I had my fist and possibly last taste ever of the most amazing liquid desert, Louis XIII de Remy Martin, cognac. When you have waiters who are dedicated, dressed, able to interact one on one with each type of client, they bring you the best food & drinks, how can you go wrong?  If you want the feel of a good old classy chop house, that has the character, this is the place.  There are some other Steakhouses that offer great stakes, however, Durant's will remain my favorite for more personal reasons. I prefer the Rib-eye or Delmonico depending on my mood. Hit Durant's at lunch and have one of their burgers. If you like chicken livers give those a try here, my friends dad, who is Greek, even got the chef to wrap them in bacon for us one time. Talk about heart attack but boy were they good.  The Oysters Rockefeller are great.  If you get to visit when Stone Crabs are in at Durant's, take advantage of the Stone crabs they offer. Or get the Crabs and Steak.  They offer and extensive fine wine list. My recommendation for red wine drinkers like myself, check out the wine list on their website prior to dining. When you arrive at to dinner, have them open the wine and let it breath at your table. This way it will come to temperature out of the cellar and open up for a much more enjoyable taste with your meal.  I always order the salad with Roquefort, Durant's house dressing.  However, on this last visit Christopher ordered the shrimp bisque and it was amazingly rich and tasty.  Once yearly in late spring they offer a few bottles from their end of bin list.  Great bottles at half the price. I am pretty sure that is in the month of May. I can go on about the food and the dining experience but just go there and have your own experience, taste it.  From the time you enter through the rear kitchen door and are greeted with smiles & welcomes from the wait & kitchen staff you will get to the Maitre D' with a smile already on your face as your eyes adjust to the surroundings of dark wood and red toile wallpaper.  Hey, get there early and hit the bar for your favorite cocktail. With the new no smoking laws in AZ you won't get the cigar or cigarette smoke that reminds me of the old days sitting at the bar with friends, talking to John.Good Friends, Great Steaks ,& the Best Booze, are the necessities of life.  -Jack Durant, Founder.
4	We have been to Durant's a few times, only to the bar. I love the decor and the old-school feel to the place. Yes, walking through the kitchen may seem strange, but that is one of the things that makes it unique. There are so many chain bars in this town, it is nice to have something that has a bit of character.I found the drinks to be a bit expensive, although they fill them literally to the top and they spill all over, so it's more like two drinks. Service is mainly good, depending on who your bartender is. Overall, I think this is a great place to have cocktails. I have not eaten the food as I am vegan, so that pretty much cuts out everything on the menu.The one complaint I have is they need to bring back the music. They used to play Frank Sinatra and Dean Martin on the stereo, but no more. Good music makes the mood, so PLEASE bring it back.
4	My boyfriend and I decided on this place to celebrate our 3 year anniversary and we are pretty happy we did for the most part. The parts I did not like (why they lost a star): Entrance is through the kitchen. I don't like that. Call me old fashioned, but I prefer a door in the front of the restaurant. Another thing, according to their yelp page, it says "dressy" for the dress code and it was anything but dressy. So there we are, him in a suit and me in a dress. I guess it is better to be over dressed than under dressed right? And last thing I didn't like was the way the restaurant itself was. I understand it is an old place, but they are long overdue for renovations. It's 2013 not 1960 anymore. Onto the food...The bread with evoo and basil or whatever it is on it, it is soooooo good! I could not get enough of it. The vegetable platter they bring out with carrots, radishes, and onions is kind of weird. Who just eats onions dipped In ranch? It's very cheap of them. Anyways, My boyfriend ordered the NY steak and I got the prime steak done medium well. They came out and one bite and I was sold. The steaks were 5 star steaks. Mine was so tender and juicy. It was huge and filling. The side of garlic mashed potatoes was good too. Nothing special though. My boyfriend's steak was delicious too. It was perfectly done and so juicy. The steaks were definitely some of the best steaks we have ever had. Service was good. Prices are high, but well worth it for the steaks.
5	Went last night for the first time.  While we expected excellent steaks (which they were!) what we were wowed by were the delicious mushrooms.  A definite must-have if you enjoy them.  Drinks were exceptional as well, clearly made with care by someone who knows what they're doing.  Not inexpensive, but pretty much right there on the level with Capital Grill/City Hall price-wise.  Definitely worth a visit for an excellent steak and an interesting ambiance.
5	My husband and I celebrated our 9th Anniversary here last night and we loved it! The ambience was lovely, lots of booths which we both love. The booths were red as was the wallpaper but I liked it. I thought it was romantic. The food was also great! The steaks were cooked perfectly and paired nicely with the Chilean wine we chose. In addition, the price of the meal was fair. Each dinner comes with a salad and potato/rice and relish tray included in the price. Not true at Mastro's City Hall, Capital Grille, J&G Steakhouse and Ruth Chris where nothing is included and you must purchase each and every side item you order. And finally, the service was excellent. Our server was friendly and very attentive. We had a wonderful experience and you can bet that this will be one of our go to places.
5	We ate at Durant's last night for the 1st time. The "old school charm" in a world of who can build it bigger & better was such a nice change of pace!We had oysters on the 1/2 shell w/ the best horseradish on the planet.....Atomic.They were awesome!The bread & fresh veggie plate was delish!Salad & soup (shrimp bisque) great!Filet & prime rib.....filet was really good, but the prime rib is possiblyone of, if not the best I've ever had! Incredible flavor!!!!We finished w/ a brownie dessert. Truly wonderful, the only thing I would change, is the brownie being warmed up would of put this incredible dessert over the top!Our serving was very friendly & well versed on the menu.Our cocktail were a nice pour & refreshing!All in all....when I want prime....this IS where we will be going in the future.
5	The atmosphere is great and the food is delicious.  My wife and I enjoy coming here and the entrance through the kitchen is very unique.  I ordered the prime rib and it was pleasing.  We can't wait to go back!
5	Had 6pm reservation for a special occasion.  Were seated immediately.  Server was very nice and personable.  The bread is amazing.  Had oysters for apps which were very good.  Spinach salad was good.  Shrimp cocktail was huge as were most of the dinner portions.  Free desert for special occasion.  Pricey, but we knew that going in.  Will be back for a martini.
3	Came to Durant's with friends because we heard that it was one of the best in Phoenix. If this is true, it doesn't bode well for Phoenix. I didn't challenge the staff as I had to catch a red eye to the east coast. --- Overall, it was very expensive for what we got. The food - Salad was good. My 8 oz filet mignon was ordered medium rare and arrived medium well. Amid a tight travel schedule, I accepted it although it was cooked dry. My friends seemed happy with scallops and shrimp pasta. The pasta dish was just wastefully big. The wine - 2010 Cervantes was great value at $40. (Store price in generally in the mid-30s) Service - So so. Basically okay, but not pleasant.
1	The bartender had total badattitude.The waiters were rude.... Would never go back .....
5	Durant's is the old standard among the powerful and political. The best steak in Phoenix, bar none. Yes it is pricey, but it is to be expected. The service is attentive and helpful, and the support staff is always there with refills or to clean the table. I prefer the New York Strip with baked potato and salad with the house dressing. If you like bread, you'll love the bread that comes with the meal. I usually insist on more than one loaf at the meal-gotta get my money's worth. The ambience is fantastic and we like to take the opportunity to dress up and live like our grandparents would have if they could have afforded to eat here. As an old friend of mine says, "a great steakhouse with whorehouse wallpaper."
3	I can only rate the drinks and service because I haven't tried the food here.  The drinks are regular, a bit pricey.  It's cool how you walk through the kitchen to get to the restaurant - smelled a lot of delicious steaks on their grill. The unfortunate part is that the staff is pretty snotty (example: I asked our waiter if they had any moscatos or rieslings and he pointed to the menu and said, "all our wines by the glass are in there" then he came back a few minutes later and said, "are you going to have the riesling?" because there was only ONE riesling on there and no moscatos... he could've just told me that in the first place!)
4	As others have written, it's very old school.  It's a neighborhood steakhouse like you would find in Brooklyn.  You know, the kind place where John Gotti would show up in lapels smiling ear to ear having just completed another hit.  The decor, the staff, the presentation of the food is right out of the 1970s--but I love it.  Even though the salad didn't look attractive, it was fabulous.  The house dressing was so light and delicious.  The homemade bread/foccaccia with olive oil and scallions was magnificent.Finally, I had the prime rib, my friends had the ribeye and the filet and all three were deliciously juicy and tasty.  I will definitely go back.  It's not chic or expensive looking like Mortons or Capitol Grille but that is also part of the appeal.I must add that it was fun having my Portland friends in town and after a great steak dinner we finished the evening at the US Airways Center watching the Suns mop up on the Trailblazers.  Whoddathunkit!
5	Great dinner. Had the east and west oysters and steaks. Wonderful wine list and the service went above and beyond.I love this place.
3	Durant would not have been a let down had we not come off Ranch Steakhouse in Oklahoma City two nights ago, which set a standard that was not to be bested.My filet mignon came barely lukewarm and my server gladly replaced a better one. I simply did not consider the steak at Durant to be anything but ordinary, hardly justify the cost it commands. As an institution in Phoenix to be experienced perhaps, but for sheer culinary excellence, it leaves much to be desired.
1	It's hard not to like the nostalgia of this place but the hostess is rude, the bartenders surely and the food mediocre. There are simply too many other choices.
5	Stumbled in here for lunch w a customer based on Yelp search and reviews.  What a gem, this place was great!  Old school, Frank Sinatra, Rat Pack kind of feel.  You enter through the kitchen and see everyone making all the food.  Started with jumbo shrimp cocktail followed w the sirloin w baked potato, veggies and a salad.  It was so good!  I especially loved the horse radish and I'm not a horse radish kind of guy (well maybe now I am)!  Honestly, I can't say enough good things about this place.  I can't wait to come back!
5	The dry aged prime rib is like butter. Meat butter with a hint of salt from heaven. Old school wait staff is great too! He totally hates me for reviewing this at the table. Very classy place.
4	Went here for New Year's Eve dinner.  The food was outstanding!!  All of the orders were really good....filet mignon, prime rib, T-bone and the special cajun style rib eye.  The server was very attentive and did quite well.  I would definitely go back for a special occasion.....very special occasion....it is expensive!
4	My family ate here last night as a send off from Phoenix. The service is fabulous. Not only did our server know everything and make great recommendations (as he should), the bartender Gayle was phenomenal. We ordered 9 semi-complicated drinks while asking her menu questions and she responded to everything thoroughly while making all of our drinks to the tee. My dad is a diabetic and felt dizzy while we waited for the table (maybe because he ordered a dirty Grey Goose martini which looked like 5 shots of vodka in a glass) and Gayle made sure to bring him orange juice and a few cheese/sausage chunks to spike his blood sugar. I liked that we were not rushed through our dinner. There was no set time to order anything and I appreciate that. My only complaint was the shrimp on my Cesar salad was cold, although deliciously seasoned. Desserts are homemade and you cannot beat the atmosphere of an old fashioned steak house. Definitely recommend making reservations and using the valet so you can walk through the kitchen on your way in and out.
3	I agree with previous reviews on the fun of entering through the kitchen with the humble, free valet parking and the rich, inviting old school interior. I got the 16 oz prime rib based on popular support, and thought it was pretty good - flavorful on the outside but not especially tender. I'd highly recommend the accompanying mushrooms.  French onion soup was ok. I think the sweet potatoe fries were the same the I buy from the frozen foods section. Limited beer selection and the waiter seemed impatient with the somewhat limited dinner tab we rang up.
5	This place is legendary and outstanding.  When my colleague told me this was the place we were taking our lunch meeting and he explained we had to walk through the kitchen to get to the dining room I was thinking "what kind of joint is this".  When I got there and saw it I was amazed, truly feels like the 1950s.  You sit in the dark leather soaked dining room and wonder how many multi million dollar deals have been done in this establishment over lunch/dinner.Food was unreal delish.. I had the roasted pork chop and mixed vegetables, cooked to perfection.  The service was over the top great.I would highly recommend this location to anybody who is visiting Phoenix, the locals all know about it already been here since 1950.  I will definitely return on future visits to Phoenix!
4	Food was excellent as well as the staff, it's a very nice old school steak house!! If you want a place that what ever you order you won't be disappointed! this is your steak house!! but you may want to call ahead and reserve seating, this is a popular place to eat for locals! and rightly so.
1	We were celebrating a special occasion with 9 family members; going to Durant's was a family tradition. We had reservations for 8pm and an hour and 15 minutes later we were still waiting for a table!  The manager wouldn't ask the people to move from the table even though they were just sitting there talking.  He was so rude and confront ative to us and got right into one of our family members faces when we said we were going somewhere else.  We were waiting outside for our car to come back and pick us up and the manager and his buddy even walked out to the parking lot while we were waiting and just stood there and stared at us!  We ended up at Donovan's and had fantastic food and wonderful service!  Would never, ever, ever, ever go back to Durant's again...unfortunately this site wouldn't let me give  a NO star rating,
3	My husband and I have been to Durant's twice with very different experiences each time.  The first time we were celebrating our anniversary.  We valeted the car, checked in for our reservation and had a drink at the bar before going to our table.  I asked if they had blue cheese stuffed olives for martinis and the bartender said yes.  I'm thinking a high-end place like Durant's would have fresh stuffed blue cheese olives, but we were each given ONE olive and it came from a JAR!!!!  Ugh.  Who serves a martini with one olive? And why would a place with the most delicious blue cheese dressing use olives from a jar? I know you have AMAZING blue cheese in the kitchen, so why not stuff the olives in house? We finished our drinks and moved to the table for dinner.  We had the oysters rockefeller which were delicious and I would highly recommend and split a steak and scallops with a side of onion rings.  Food was good, service was good, but I kinda felt a tourist vibe at this place. The second time we dined here was for dinner with friends.  The valet was RUDE and things didn't get any better when we checked in for our reservation.  They tried to put us at a 4 top table right by the kitchen doors, probably the worst table I the restaurant.  I asked for a booth and said we were willing to wait if needed.  We split the oysters rockefeller again and had the steak and scallops with onion rings.  Our friend had the crab cake and enjoyed it.  The service was good, but they need to talk to the valet about how they treat guests arriving at the restaurant.
5	Been coming here 25 years. Best service , best food, best Key Lime pie , best Prime Rib in Phoenix! Outstanding cellar, and bar tenders! The best!
5	We wanted to treat newlywed friends and I'd never been to Durant's. Thought it a great opportunity to see if it warranted all the good that I've heard about it.It did and then some. Perfect prime steakhouse atmosphere, from the kitchen entry to the deep red leathers and dark woods that fill the surprisingly large place. We sat in the main dining room, but it appeared that the dining area near the full bar seated nearly as many. Lots of talk, laughter and fun everywhere without the noise level ever being a factor.Service was impeccable. I want an attentive staff that will listen to what I'm expecting, not one that hangs over my shoulder to scrape every miniscule crumb from the table. We indicated to our server that we were in no rush. She timed everything prefectly, giving us time to enjoy our cocktails, appetizer, salads and meal without ever rushing one course on top of the other. Just the way it's meant to be done.The food? Exceptional. The fresh oysters were just that, and I loved the spicy horseradish. I'm not much of a bread eater, but all three companions swooned over the garlic bread. Salads were all fresh, plentiful and flavorful. My medium-rare prime rib looked like a cookbook example. Truly didn't even need a fork to cut it, wonderfully trimmed. Superb. KT had the filet medium rare. Outstanding crust, yet so delicate and pink inside. Our friends each had the same (filet and prime rib). They preferred theirs medium and well (I love them anyway), and raved about how fantastic they were.Durant's is a Phoenix dining experience that should not be missed. Can't recommend highly enough. Bring your appetite and your wallet, but quality of food, service and presentation of this sort is worth every penny.
3	Yawn. ....service horrible. .heard food will be good.  If I'm not sleeping by then.Update finally received great meal between waiter sightings.10 min after plates cleared he brothered to take desert order.  Almost gave up on desert. ..thought he was never coming back.Desert on the way....part 3...I hope.Back..desert great just like the meal.  Only downside is the service.   Not sure if understaffed or under motivated.
4	Fabulous each time we have been there! Wish it was closer :)
4	Took the bf here for a very special milestone birthday. It was his first visit and my second, but has been several years for me. Had a drink at the bar while we waited a few minutes for a table. No, make that had a perfect, delicious, wish-I-could-replicate-that-at-home martini! We were seated by a gracious hostess, unfortunately it was a teeny tiny booth and the bf is super-tall so he was a little squished. Our server was all around wonderful, the Oysters Rockefeller amazing, and our steaks cooked to perfection. The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because of the sommelier. Our server sent him over to assist us, and his disheveled appearance kind of turned me off right away. However, it was his total lack of enthusiasm that really got to me. He didn't seem interested in helping us at all, he barely spoke two sentences to us. Our server seemed more knowledgeable and was much more helpful, thank goodness! Overall, a wonderful dinner and will return for future special occasions.
1	Waited at the bar for 45 minutes to order food. Got to the point where I was just curious how long it would take. After seeing other people eat and enjoy their meals at tables I just decided to leave and eat elsewhere. Nice place......food looks great. Wouldn't know how it tasted.
4	Clearly the kitchy decor is reason enough to come to this ancient joint of Phoenix past.  You pull into their parking lot and walk through the kitchen to get to the dining room.  One would wonder why they have not changed this; however, the entry only adds to Durant's charm.Started off my meal with a martini.  Yeah, this is a martini kinda place.  I expected the perfect martini from a place like this.  Sadly it could have been a tad colder and been prepared with a drop less vermooth.  Had their navy bean soup.  It was a really good bowl of soup perfectly seasoned with nice pieces of ham.  Hit the spot.  Will definitely opt for the soup again.I chose an entree salad for my main course.  Was 84 degrees in Phoenix last night and a salad sounded perfect.  The salad I selected had Dungeness crab and grilled shrimp with a remoulade dressing.  It was $32.95; however, tasted great.  The fish was fresh and all of the ingredients complemented one another.  Finished off my meal with their scrumptuous key lime pie.  The graham cracker crust was thick and buttery while the pie had a nice cream consistancy.  This is another item I will definitely order again.My party of four split a bottle of red wine.  The wine was good but served too cold.  Either their wine storage unit is set unusually low because this is Phoenix or they had it in the fridge.  Regardless it was too cold and one does not have to be a wine expert to make that revelation.The service was fair.  They were not that busy as it was a Monday night; however, could have used one more waiter on staff.  One expects flawless service in a place like Durant's.Will I come here again?  Of course.  Probably will order the same things I had last night.  Food was great, service was far and the ambiance very special.
5	A true Nirvana for classic steaks and more, Durant's delivers yet again a perfect evening. I took my beautiful wife for a dinner and we were promptly seated. The waiter (Marcello) was on top of everything, making sure we had what we wanted, from the extra cold fresh veggies and garlic butter bread to drinks. We both opted for the same dish, grilled scallops with cream sauce and garlic mashed potatoes. Friends, it can't get any better, scallops were grilled to perfection, mashed potatoes were dream-good.   For desert we had a key lime pie which must have been made in heaven. A two plus hour long meal that left us perfectly happy, satisfied and willing to go back for some more. It might be expensive but it's worth every penny. Thank you, Durant's!
3	Been coming here for 30 years.  Back when I was a poor student waiting tables, after our shift my coworkers and I would come down here for late night drinks and dinner. Nothing fancy just good meat and potatoes.  After a visit to Durant's recently, I get the feeling they are trying to compete with a Morton's or Ruth's Chris style, white table cloth place.  It was bloody expensive - even now when my wallet is a little fuller than it was back then.  Fancy wine, fancy food, replaced all the old grouchy servers with your chipper ones.  The food is still good but its so highfalutin now. Back in my day there were cowboys, and old ladies in bedroom slippers at the bar.  Awesome. Doubt if college kids could come in Durant's and be able to feast and still make rent.  The prices, just wow.  Keep it cheap and funky!
5	I am probably not the most experienced individual to judge steak, but I can say my food was delicious, and the atmosphere here is something unique that I have not found anywhere else.You enter through the kitchen, which I know people trash as being a bit of a novelty, but whatever - I'm here to have a good time so the novelty is just something fun!  Relax for the love of Todd.  It's like stepping back in time when you enter here, but not in a dirty way - in a classy way.  The waiters are very formal and super polite.  The decorating is like something out of an old mobster movie.  In fact if you're going here, make sure you're dressed up like an old-timey mobster or dame.And it's a steak place, so order some steak why don't you?!  They have everything from petite fillets to massive monster 96 ounce beasts of meat that you get your name on a plaque for actually finishing.When I went, it was busy, so the service was a little slow, but you're not here to rush in and out - you're here to sit around and have a good time and enjoy some drinks and delicious meat.  Also, even though the service was slow, it wasn't 'rushed-slow', it was 'relaxed-slow' and attentive, so we never felt neglected.  It's 5-stars, so just go take a look why don't you?!
3	Second best D steakhouse in town.  Donovans is definitely better.  Three Kilt Lifters into dinner we decided on wine.  Our waiter drops the opener on the floor and still uses it to open the bottle.  I'm like WTF as is our table.  Steak was okay, probably a little more medium than medium rare as I asked.  Oban 14 was a nice finisher to the evening but blah all around.
5	I will definitely go again... Nothing like a good beef fillet and a slice of killer key lime pie...
5	You just can't go wrong with Durant's.  I've been a customer for 30 years and still love everything about this place.  The atmosphere, the service, the food...all 5 star!  Whether you are just stopping by for a few cocktails on your way downtown or spending the evening eating dinner in the restaurant, Durant's will never disappoint.  Great dishes include Cocktail shrimp (fresh daily), Chicken Marsala, Pea soup, Oysters, and of course, their Onion Rings!   If you're looking for a quiet yet elegant, place to take a date or even the family, that place is Durant's.
4	Very cool old school steakhouse. Love the fact that you walk through the kitchen. Had the steamed clams appetizer and they were amazing. Also the bread is awesome. The steak was very good but I have had better at other steakhouses for the same price. Overall definitely would come back for the ambiance and food anytime I am in the Phoneix area.
4	Everything I had here was delicious.  The steak, chicken, wine, and even the salad  was very tasty.  I had Chicken Piccata, and it was honestly the best chicken I have ever tasted. It was juicy and very flavorful.  My boyfriend's steak came with horse radish on the side.  This place know's the real meaning of medium rare and how to pair flavors!  My mouth is watering as I think about those flavors.I came here with family, and I was not prepared for the awkwardness that ensued.  Everything is expensive!  I heard "Steakhouse," and dressed in jeans.  I should have Yelped first!  I was very under-dressed and uncomfortable.  It was a situation where I regretted ignoring those etiquette lessons on which fork to use.  When a family member went to the bathroom, the waiter quickly switched her old linen napkin with a fresh, folded napkin!My only real qualm, as my previous complaint was due to a lack of preparation and socioeconomic status, was the wait-time.  We had reservations, and we still had to wait over a half hour for our table.  We weren't the only ones.  There was nowhere to stand or sit as we waited because the place was packed.  Why bother with a reservation?  [That is sarcasm.  If you are coming here on a busy night, you better get a reservation.]
5	I love this place so much! I only wish I could eat here a lot more! Prime rib is the best in town! Crab Mac & cheese will change your life! Beers & bloody Mary's come with yummy treats- this place is a classic! A server Ron is really nice  with great service !
4	I had the bone-in cowboy ribeye, and it was one of the best steaks I have had in a while.The crabcakes appetizer was fine - very large, but should be for its price.The oysters on the halfshell were fine but nothing special.As one of my dining companions noted - the decor is like the restaurants from "Goodfellas". From the rear entrance, you enter the restaurant thru the kitchen. I didn't notice any goodfellas in the restaurant.
4	Back again for our annual spring training trip and that meant a trip to Durant's.Still awesome food, drinks, and service.  Still stupidly expensive, and still a great time in every way.  It's about the whole experience and that's why we keep coming back.  See you there again next spring....
4	Definitely a Phoenix institution.  I think everyone who sets foot in this place knows that most of the evening's enjoyment will come from the classic feel of the place (well covered in other reviews), which includes the food.  It has standard steakhouse menu options.  Nothing is super healthy, nothing is disgustingly greasy, and portion sizes are pretty average (none of this tiny food silliness, but not over large).  Preparation is great (but not fancy or impeccable).  The drinks are well made, and the service is simple but effective to match the rest of the place.  If that sounds good to you, you'll have a wonderful evening here!
4	Durants is a great option for a nice dinner or to celebrate a special occasion. I have to say that I enjoyed the look and vibe of this old school, romantic, mobster-ish joint a tad more than I enjoyed the actual food.  Had to go with the prime rib, which was good and large so come with an appetite!  You definitely want to make a reservation but luckily I was able to get in same day (during spring training) So that was much appreciated. Tip-have a martini!
5	we celebrated my 70th birthday here. Greg was a perfect waiter, a consummate professional. I had oysters Rockefeller to die for, peppercorn fllet mignon, two shots of McKinchie scotch, chocolate cake (free for my birthday) and a special gift. Finished this feast with coffee keoki. I cannot imagine a better dinner experience (and I've had thousands of dinners in seventy years).
5	This place. Great food weird service. The door guy was slow and the server took his time. Food was great. Got the prime rib and soup.
4	From the start it started out odd. First, we walked through the back door which leads you through the pitch. Then we were met by an undertaker who asked if we had reservations. When we said no, he gave us a weird look then sat us down... He sat us at a table that was way too close to other people there. Long story short the food was great. A bit pricy but D'lish.
4	If you're in the mood for a dark, delicious, classy and kind of "mobster" dinner, make sure you go to Durant's. The cocktails are strong, the food is amazingly good, and even though it's expensive, it's completely worth it for any special occasion or a night when you feel like glamming it up. The crab cakes are the best I've ever had, but everything else we've tried on the menu is fantastic as well.
5	Delicious food and top-notch service. Very old school, and not much of a younger crowd (it's pricey) but completely worth it. We came here for an anniversary meal (if 15 months counts as an anniversary?) and loved it but were stuffed afterwards. I would seriously suggest fasting before dining here! You're given veggies and ranch to start, along with some super-creamy bread with garnish. Many meals come with a soup/salad and side so it's a lot of food altogether. I had the 8oz filet and mashed potatoes, with a Caesar salad. The steak and potatoes were perfection. The Caesar salad was standard. Also had some good red wine with the meal. I don't know how anyone could have room for dessert after eating here though! It's a unique dining experience, and especially cool that you enter and exit through the kitchen. Servers are sweet and not at all stuffy. Classy atmosphere. No cell phones are allowed (except in the lounge) and there's an awesome footnote on the menu that if you don't see your fave foods on there, you can ask and they'll do their best to prepare them for you- what?? Pretty awesome.
4	I won an award for work and my boss let me choose where I wanted to go for lunch...craving the BEST prime rib in Phoenix, Durant's was a natural choice. The only reason I am giving 4 stars instead of 5 is because our waiter completely ruined the whole meal. We had to wave him down every time we needed something, he took my drink away, I guess he didn't think I needed any more diet coke, we had to practically beg to see a dessert menu. We all felt very rushed and un-welcome :(  On the bright side tho we left with 4 very happy stomachs!! This one bad waiter will not keep me from going again but I would request a new waiter if he shows up to my table next time!
5	This place is a time capsule.  You almost expect to see Frank Sinatra in here!  Awesome steaks!
2	This was my 1st time at Durant's and I was expecting a top-notch restaurant from what others have said about the place.  The atmosphere is nice but the food and service are just so-so.  We ordered the clam appetizer, and we are the types who don't like a lot of added extras like sauce, seasonings, or cheese.  The clams were brought out smothered with cheese and tomatoes - yuck!  Neither the server or the menu said anything about this.  After sending it back twice we finally decided on mussels which were better.  The steak was so-so for the price we paid, had a lot of gristle. The chocolate cake dessert was the best part of the whole meal.  We left there feeling like we paid a lot of money for mediocre food & service. Many other steak houses in town are less expensive with better food quality.
5	Last night we headed here for dinner.  Neither one of us had ever been, but my hubby had heard wonderful things about it.  They were right!I grew up in Miami during the 60's/70's, and this restaurant brought back so many memories of my family going to fancy steakhouses, that I practically couldn't contain myself.  The decor is dark wood paneling with red brocade/velvet wallpaper, dark red leather booths, fresh flowers and waiters wearing vests and bow ties.  Honestly, I was expecting Sinatra and the rest of the Rat Pack to come waltzing in any second.Now, onto the food...  When we sat down, we were immediately brought a crudite platter and bread (which was incredible!!).  We both ended up ordering the same thing, end cuts of prime rib with garlic mashed potatoes.  I got a salad and hubby got the clam chowder.  A little side story here...when I was younger, my dad told me to always order the end cut of prime rib, because I don't like rare/bloody meat.  This way, when you order, they know that you want medium well.  In most restaurants, whenever I've ordered the end cut, they still ask me how I'd like it done, which sorta pisses me off.  Our waiter, Robert (who was attentive and friendly), just said "a good choice", when I ordered mine.  That made me smile!  He knew exactly what I wanted, and that's exactly what I got.The meal was so delicious and everything was timed perfectly.  We received our appetizers, which were very good.  As soon as we finished them, the busboy (who also made sure our glasses were always full), came by to pick up the plates, and as soon as he did, our entrees arrived around the corner.  I'm telling you...timing is everything.  I really hate when they bring the entrees and you're still attempting to finish your soup/salad or any other app you've ordered.  The prime ribs were so mouth-watering.  They weren't too fatty and melted in your mouth.  I dipped mine into the horseradish cream (they also had the option of raw horseradish, which we declined).  And, the garlic mashed were creamy and a perfect accompaniment to the prime ribs.  For dessert, I chose a raspberry sorbet (something light and refreshing) and hubby got the trio of creme brulee's (mixed berry, Bailey's and chocolate). Overall, it was an experience that brought back memories and tickled the taste buds.
5	Where do I start? It had been probably 15 years since I had been to Durant's, but the Filet still stood out in my mind as the 2nd best I have ever had (1st is at a casino in Johannesburg). When celebrating our engagement, we decided to dress up and go be classy. Durant's was the first place that came to mind.Fortunately, we made a reservation, because the place was packed. It struck me as odd the first time I was at Durant's that you enter through the kitchen, and it still does, but whatever.We were seated in a comfortable booth, our server was efficient and very friendly, and very knowledgeable about the menu. I saw some of the other reviews slamming the service, but that was not the experience we had, nor that anyone seated within earshot of us had with their servers.My filet was so good I ate it with my eyes closed. Slowly. It was an experience. The sides were good too, but wow, that filet...The deserts were just okay, and we took ours to go.I knew the costs of the food going in, so there was no surprise when the check came. Yes, it was expensive ($175 including tip for 2 people), but totally worth it, if for no other reason because of how good the filet was.The ambiance is definitely Rat Pack Formal. I'm a fan of that kind of thing, so I liked it.I will absolutely be back.
3	Dined here our first night in Phoenix.The bread was terrible. Extremely dry covered in a garlic glaze. Not good.The cold vegetable platter was fresh and good, as was the shrimp bisque.The Durant's Delmonico Steak was good, but my other half found here Filet Mignon to be a bit on the dry side. The garlic mash potatoes were good.Since it was our first time there, our waitress offered us a "special" free dessert. Three types of creme brulee: Chocolate, Bailey's and Fresh Berries. Delicious, and not just because it was "on the arm".Also, since we had four individual glasses of the same wine during the course of the evening, our waitress charged us the bottle price instead of the individual glass price, because it was cheaper. Nice.
5	This is one of the best restaurants in Arizona.  The food is amazing, the atmosphere is terrific, and the service is always great.  I have never had anything but a first class experience and amazing food here.
5	Love Durants. Fabulous atmosphere, service and food at a very reasonable price. Our guests loved it too. Will come back again and again.
5	Best hidden gem of Phoenix! Traditional old school steak house, the kind where you can't use your phone. Best two things on the menu are the oyster rockafellar and the stuff drinks!  I come here every time I'm in town!
5	What can you say about Durants?  I was especially thankful that the maitre d seated us quickly, as my guest was on a 3 hour layover and we needed to get in and out quickly, and this was a Saturday evening.  Had reservations at 6:45 but showed up at 6:15....packed but they seated us immediately. Love the relish tray....love the fact that the entrees are not ala carte. Great cocktails, and excellent wine by the glass selection. Prime rib served exactly the way I ordered it, and nothing but great things to say. Server, as usual, was professional and very attentive.
4	As a part of the Steak Out, our most recent visit was to this Valley favorite. For sure: KILLER shrimp cocktail. Although there were only 4 pieces, they give new meaning to the phrase Jumbo Shrimp and, despite their size, they were not tough or iodine-y. The flavor was fresh and the cocktail sauce could clear the very worst sinuses!The roasted garlic mashed potatoes must use REAL roasted garlic -- like, roasted in house, not just minced garlic tossed in! The sweet, earthy flavor was subtle which was perfect, because it didn't destroy your palate for the rest of the plate.I was surprised by the wine list: not a huge. very accessible, relatively speaking.But, we're on a quest for the best steak. This one? It gets very high marks!  Excellent seasoning on the meat. Preparation in terms of temperature was adequate (although, it was more on the medium rare side; I would argue that is the side to err on!).
5	So much has been written about Durant's.Old School Vibe: CheckGREAT Steaks: CheckI'll try to add a few less traveled points:Yes, the can do child friendly fare. Just ask, and the waiter will give you some choices not seen on the menu.I don't know what they put in the martinis at Durants, but nothing else compares. Most places are so keyed into "turning" the room at a good clip to maximize cashflow, they've missed the ability to host a slow paced dining experience ( say a special occasion). Durant's knows how to create a memorable dining experience at a relaxed pace.The wait staff will be as "stuffy" or as "relaxed" as you let them be. They key off your personality, but always within the parameters of Durant's culture. The creme brulee is worth it alone...but have the Prime rib too. The horseradish is exceptional.This is a "once or twice a year" evening for my wife and I, but Durant's is always top notch.
5	From start to finish, absolutely loved this place! Excellent food, excellent service. Can't wait to go back (which I hinted to my daughter would be a nice birthday present)! A bit pricey, but well worth it.
1	Valet parking was offered in Durants's ad but the valet employees just sat on his but not offering service.  When asks if he could park our car he stated you can park your own car. Informed management after that it just got worse. Service was slow waitress was rude if your black hispanic or any other race but white your treated like your not welcomed. Raceist employees work here.  Food was good I can't say that made up for treatment we got. Unfortunately  unless your white you will be treated like SHIT.  It so sad in this day & age there are still ignorant people like the ones working at Durantsat 2611 N Central Ave. Phoenix AZ 602-264-5967
5	All roads lead to Durant's!  Another visit to this superb restaurant, another evening of bliss. We (my wife and I) took my wife's mother out to Durant's for a belated Mother's Day and ordered again the grilled scallops with garlic mashed potatoes. The complimentary soup of the day was navy bean soup, surely the best I've ever had. The garlic/leek buttered bread was a little bit soggy but tasty nevertheless. The main dish was even better than we had before and we ended with a slice of the best key lime pie we ever tasted. There are a lot of fancy restaurants in Phoenix but Durant's is by far the best and the classiest. Can't wait to go back to Durant's in the very near future.
4	Kind of a Bordello atmosphere, very dark but thats OK.  Steaks are great, Prime rib great.  I think they still have Reidel Sommelier glasses for wine ( best wine glasses in the world).  Try it, ts old school but fun.
4	Went to Durants during restaurant week.  I love the old time steakhouse atmosphere.  The relish tray is a nice touch.  I had a  T-bone which was cooked perfectly and the baked potato was served piping hot.  It is interesting that 6 of the 8 people we went with commented on how good the baked potato was.  Normally I would say a baked potato is a baked potato, but this one was good.  A perfect score could have been obtained if the service was better.
5	If you're looking for a classy Goodfellas vibe this is the spot!  I loved the food here.  It's hidden on Central but once you find it enter from the back.Quality of food is great!  I had a chicken and it was tender so no complaints here.  We were always checked on and drinks were filled.Be cautious it's not the cheapest but-  if you feel like splurging on great food check this place out...
5	Impeccable service and food. Just one of those places where you KNOW you will be treated top notch. It is pricey but I still would have expected our server to inform us when items are extra like Caesar salad instead of garden salad and anchovies on the Caesar were an extra $2.
5	I thought it was an adult book store from the outside as drove by it day after day on the way back to my hotel. On the last night of that particular trip I decided to ask around for a really good steakhouse. Everyone talked about a Durant's. Little did I know it was that adult book store structure that actually housed one of the overall coolest steak houses in the country.You walk in through the back and right through the kitchen. Awesome! The Goodfellas decor; awesome! And then there's the food...It's hard to say if this this the best steak I've ever had but I think it would be fair to say it was the best steak house experience I've ever had. Proper service. Legit menu with the appropriate cuts available at appropriate sizes and appropriate prices. Of course I had the ribeye. Perfect! Also had the fried liver appetizer. Perfect! Nice wine list. And I only got a gander but the prime rib at the table next to ours looked succulent. In short, I think this is my favorite steakhouse in the country. Good prices. Great meat! Perfect service! And the same old fella, yes one fella, grilling the steaks for something like 30 years. It doesn't get much better than this.
5	Love this place.  So much more than a chain gang restaurant.  Love the character and of course emphasis is all on the food.  Highly recommend !
5	This is one of those Phoenix landmarks you simply must experience.  Like a blast from the past, the old "mobster style" steakhouse with the big red booths and red velvet wallpaper.  You're just waiting for one of the Rat Pack to come around the corner at any second. I must say that food is only second to the service, which is first class in this joint.  The food is top notch and, in my opinion, the best steakhouse in Phoenix.  But that service and quality come at a price.  I admit, I have never been there for dinner, because it is simply way to expensive for my budget.  My co-workers and I like to splurge once in a while and have a nice lunch, which (even with my free dessert token) costs around $25 dollars per person.I go for the hot roast beef sandwich served with roast sirloin of beef with gravy, garlic mashed potatoes, fresh roasted vegetables and soup or salad.  And the fresh baked bread with the garlic, leek butter is just too hard to pass up, and you'll find yourself asking for more.A lot of my co-workers go with the burger which, as they all say, is the best burger in Phoenix, and can rarely finish all of it.We are lucky enough to be holders of the "free lifetime dessert" tokens they have and so how can we say "no" to a free dessert.The strawberry shortcake is a no-brainer and, as all their desserts are, big enough to share.  The strawberries are fresh and ripe, with fresh whipped cream, however it is served with more of a "cake" than a "shortcake," which in my opinion makes it better.So for a unique experience, this place can't be missed.  But if you are on a budget, plan to come for lunch!Reservations are recommend, and in most cases necessary...
5	Oh this place is totally my speed. What a restaurant ! The entrance of Durant's is through the kitchen, I felt like I was in "Goodfellas" or something. The place has a classic mobster feel. But don't worry, it was classy and everyone that was there didn't seem like ex cons!  While we waited to be seated, we stood around the bar area and when I ordered a beer they stick a long tooth pick on top of the bottle with a thick piece of hard salami. What service! The food was so good. The steak I ordered really hit the spot. It was juicy and packed with flavor! It was my birthday so they brought out a big piece of cheesecake which I almost ate the whole damn thing myself.  I would come back here again and again if I lived in the PHX area. Simply amazing dinner.
3	So not worth it. Please don't waste your time and money here. I thought it would be better than Flemings but it isn't better and is much more expensive. I got the chicken. It tasted like egg. I had to send it back. I never send food back!The reason I'm giving this place 3 stars is because of the look and the rest of my party. It looks awesome on the inside as if you're stepping back in time. I went with 4 others. They all liked their food. Oh also the bread is amazing! I took some of that to go.
3	I have been to Durant's many times. Always ordered the filet mignon . Durant's has many things going for it including great atmosphere, strong reputation and solid steaks and Martinis. Sadly- the prime rib is a miss. Not from a flavor standpoint - it's cold. How cold? 3 prime ribs later (half a cow) it was still served COLD. Cold- meaning room temp. This is not my idea of a hot meal. So, shrimp cocktail? Outstanding. Spinach salad? Excellent ! House Cabernet ? Very good! If you like your prime rib flavorful and at room temperature- order and enjoy. If you like hot food- order a steak.Management killed the bill for the prime rib, so- that was nice. I'm just sorry all those cows died in vain.
2	I am a huge steak fan. I love eating it out and I love grilling it at home. however, a general disclaimer, I am not a food snob or overly picky. I have been told by multiple people that I "had to try Durrants". We ordered an old fashioned and oysters to start. (This is the reason i am giving this review two stars instead of one). The oysters Rockefeller were amazing and I highly recommend them! Also, I haven't had a good old fashioned since I moved to Arizona, and the bar tender really knew his bourbon and the drink was outstanding. Then we put our dinner order in.... I got the 18oz ribeye and my uncle got the bone in ribeye. I asked for Mac and cheese instead of soup and the same for a side. I was instead served clam chowder. My uncle is a huge chowder fan and was excited to try it. I let the slip up go and decided to go with it as well. It was like a bowl of salt with some clam on top. Our waiter noticed we didn't eat any of the chowder and we said politely it was salty, and nothing was done about it. Next the steak came out. We both asked for mid rare. My uncle was rare, mine was medium. Also, I am a salt-aholic. I am that guy who will eat steak with a salt shaker in my left hand to make sure every bite gets a portion. The steak came out to the table overly salty to my taste. Also, the cut of meat was flabby (not marbled as it should be, I understand it is supposed to be fatty, that's why I love ribeye). This was fatty in the "I bought the cheap one at Wal-Mart kinda way. For a 166 dollar bill, I will not be back.
5	It is old school school...  From walking through the kitchen to get into the restaurant (a-la goodfellows/swingers), to the staff in tuxedos, to the red velvet wall paper...  If the mafia had a favorite steakhouse in Phoenix, it would be Durant's.  Great steaks, great portions, wow.  If my budget could handle it, I would eat there way more often.If budget is a concern, try the happy hour menu.  I recommend the clams, and be sure to dip the bread in the sauce, to die for, with a martini!!!Cheers,D
5	You mean I can't give them 6 stars?Food was amazing.  Service was phenomenal.  I intended on giving the full on review of everything I got, but I'm just too full.  If I ever travel to PHX, I plan on stopping here.  Amazing!
2	I absolutely don't get the draw of this place.  I really try to see things in as positive a light as possible, but I call it like I see it.  While some diners may call a dirty and neglected restaurant as one with ambiance and atmosphere, I call it for what it is, a place that has aged without care of replacing or updating things as needed, and that goes for the food too.  It may have been quite the fancy dinner at one time, but unless your taste buds are as stuck in time as this place, nothing exciting or even worth remembering here - very bland.  I guess as long as people keep coming and swooning over this old and gawdy place, that will continue to be used as an excuse not to care or change.  At a minimum, they really should at least sweep up the broken beer bottles and all the cigarette butts up in their parking lot and sidewalk.
5	Bottom line, you are not a Phoenician if you haven't eaten at Durant's. Perfect cut, perfect pairing. Prefect valet Chris! Lovely Serafina!
5	Durant's is an institution and now that we live just 4 blocks away, the wife and I have been getting our prime rib fix from here far more often than we should.Durant's knows how to steak. The meal begins with a lovely vegetable crudite on ice and their famous butter garlic leek bread, served by professionals who are friendly and on top of their game, and a support staff that ensures you never see the bottom of your glass. Not content to simply deliver a solitary piece of meat on the plate like some ultra-high-end chop houses, their steaks include a salad and choice of potato, which is greatly appreciated.We always upgrade to their Caesar salad, which borders on perfection: the dressing coats everything lightly, the plate is freezing cold as damn well it should be, and the lettuce is extremely fresh and crisp.If you want to splurge, their shrimp cocktail, while a bit pricey, features four enormous, two-bite-each jumbo shrimp, with a stir-it-yourself-thank-god cocktail sauce with some of the hottest horseradish known to man. The details matter: the lemon they provide has a sheath to ensure that the juice goes on your shrimp and not your date.The main event is fantastic, though I must admit I've simply never ordered anything other than the prime rib, rare, with a baked potato. It's seasoned beautifully, extremely flavorful, and always served to perfection. The baked potato is good, though I prefer when they're coated in just a bit more salt on the outside. My wife tried their garlic mashed our last time, though, and I think I may have to switch from here on out--they were that good.Dessert, if your heart allows for it, is also typically great. The strawberry shortcake for two is actually for four, and, pro tip, you can order a half portion and still have enough for three people easily. Our last visit was for my birthday and they brought out their brownie sandwich, which was extremely tasty and appreciated.We've always had great service, the decor is true to its roots, and if you haven't been during the holidays, Durant's does it UP at Christmas. Do yourself a favor and walk through the kitchen, and thank them for what you're about to partake.
5	You can't go wrong here. Its a staple in the downtown community where you can rub elbows at the bar with some great Phoenicians.The steaks are top notch, service is great, shrimp cocktail is to die for, I've never had a bad meal here ever. I've been a patron for 17 years and never hesitate when someone mentions going to Durant's intact I usually drop what I'm doing to go.The ambiance is completely mobster from the kitchen entrance to the red tucked booths, and dimly lit atmosphere. You must experience Durant's if you have never been or doing business in Phoenix from out of town.Truly a top notch establishment!
2	Yeah, it would be one star if it were only based on the food.I have no idea why this place is so raved about, after  4 times trying to get a good meal here I am DONE. The last time, my date ordered the small prime rib 8 oz and she was delivered about 16 ounces instead -- because it was ALL FAT! For some reason I was foolish enough to order the lamb chops since I had heard they had been great lately. I won't order lamb at most restaurants because it is rarely done correctly, and Durants was solidly with the worst of them.I gladly pay the price at other restaurants for great food, but if you are looking for some great steak, prime rib, or other great dinners, the best in the area I could send someone to is Feeneys on 12th. I don't think they are the best I've had, but consistently very good at the least.Great place for happy hour btw, that is the ONLY reason this review isn't one star!
2	I am giving two stars and writing my review later, only because I know I will forget the name of this place by tomorrow.  That should explain everything. Either I want to forget this place, or it will happen on its own.
4	Durant's is one of Phoenix's oldest and most well-known steakhouses and, truly, it's earned that status.  The 50+ year old spot doesn't appear to have changed much over the years - there is little in the way of natural lighting and the interior screams old school steakhouse in the most charming of ways. If you enter through the back door, where the parking lot is, you'll get a glimpse of the bustling kitchen as you head into the main restaurant.   Sit at the bar or in the dining room - both are elegant and dimly lit and will provide full service.  Servers are always knowledgeable and service is always attentive here.  Make sure to order a drink while you glance over the menu - Duran'ts makes one of the best (and well-sized) martinis in town and has blue cheese stuffed olives.  They also have a nice wine list and a full bar.Upon ordering your meal, you'll be presented with a small dish of crudite (carrots, green onions, olives, and celery, served on ice) to nosh on until your bread arrives:  a warm, crusty round loaf generously doused in garlic leek butter.  You won't know whether to dive in with your hands or a knife and fork.  Steaks here are always great and, unlike many of the newer steakhouses in town, are still served with soup or salad and your choice of side.  Durant's is also one of the best places in the Valley for liver - whether it be fried chicken livers as an appetizer or sauteed calves liver and onions as an entree.The only disappointing item I've ever had are the oysters.  They're not the freshest or the most flavorful in town although the presentation is lovely  Skip the oysters in lieu of another of their delicious appetizers, or just enjoy the bread.  It really is that good.
5	This long time Phoenix restaurant never fails to impress. The food and drinks are consistently good. The female bartender who is there on Friday nights makes an AWESOME old fashioned.  It is always a treat at Durant's, but last Friday night we had Patrick McCausland as our waiter as he made our experience extra special. What a great waiter!
2	This place looks like a dump on the outside. My boyfriend asked me if it was an old strip club as we walked inside. He was serious.  They greeted us with "two?" And after we said yes, they again asked, "for dinner?" Well of course for dinner..After my boyfriend's first comment I started to second guess what else they might offer.   Literally the only cool thing about this place was the kitchen entry. However, upon entering we apologized because we thought we went through the wrong door. Apologizing for entering the restaurant. Weird.   It was our anniversary on a Sunday night. We were there, as well as two other tables. We didnt make it a point to tell the waitress of our occasion,  but she didnt ask either. We exchanged cards with eachother near the end of the evening. Our waitress seemed to not care as much about us, as she did the older folk that were seated next to us.   The steaks were decent. I have had better elsewhere for half of the cost. Please upgrade your cutlery. I have seen sharper knives at a dive bar. I got a workout while trying to cut my steak. Extremely frustrating and killed my mood. I was unimpressed with the Delmonico. Skip it..no flavor. Waitress did not come back to see if our steaks cooked properly (although the were to temperature.)   Ive read in some reviews that the decor is old school, mobster-like. Well I wish I had read that before I went, because I did not get that vibe at all. I got the vibe of a cheap, old place in desperate need of rennovation.   Extremely dissapointed in every aspect of this place. If I had known how to properly exit, I wouldve left before ordering. (Although I guess the kitchen was the main exit, just awkward not knowing as a first time guest)  This experience was so lousy, that we decided to do a "re-date" to celebrate our anniversary
3	Not what I expected from all the rave reviews. The positives =)  Our server was very friendly and attentive (he also brought out a chocolate dessert as we were celebrating my husband's birthday). I enjoyed the bread and the veggies with ranch as well as our bottle of wine. The not so positives =/The food is way overpriced.  Donovan's is better, tastier and cheaper in my opinion. Or if you can get to Florida, Berns is what's up!I thought it was odd to be sat in the bar area with reservations.Parking is not clear. Signs say valet yet no one was out there. I had to ask a guy taking out the trash if I could park wherever I liked.  Walking in and exiting through the kitchen ... what is up with that?  I felt lost and as if I came in the wrong way. At least have someone there greeting you or something to let you know you came in the correct way. It was a bit awkward to me.
4	Walking in through the not so glamorous backdoor was an interesting experience. I was not too fond of the all red interior but felt like I walked into a movie from the 70's. We were greeted by one of the kindest waitresses I'd ever been served by; she was polite, charming and witty- the perfect combination of a hostess! By the time I was done with the not-so-side-dish-more-like-giant-main dishes, I was stuffed! The garlic potatoes were heavenly and thick and savory without any fat gravy on top. After the giant side dishes, I was greeted by a humongous rib-eye steak. I was unfortunately too full to enjoy the steak in all its glory but I can say that the key lime cake for dessert had me swooning by the end of the meal. I'd recommend this place for huge steak lovers but if you like a lighter dinner, don't be too ambitious and order an 8oz rib-eye like I did... A smaller steak with scrumptious side dishes and key lime cake at the end of the meal will more than suffice.
5	Impeccable service! The waitstaff were pleasant. Riccardo was our server and he was EXCELLENT! Nice, quiet ambience too. When we arrived (on a Thursday evening), the bar area was super crowded. We were seated in a cozy booth. We started with the chicken livers with cocktail sauce (a wonderful recommendation by Riccardo). I opted for the chicken Marsala with rice pilaf and Mister choose the scallops with mashed potatoes. We shared our meals. Both entrees were prepared to perfection! Mister talked about how delicious the meal was HOURS later!Durant's will definitely be a place we frequent!
5	Haven't been in a few years, but was pleasantly surprised tonight to find this place has not changed. Excellent food, excellent service, great "old school" atmosphere. Never had a bad experience yet. Can't believe anyone would rate this place less than 5 stars!
4	Soo good! Wonderful food and drinks, great service and lovely atmosphere.  Highly recommend eating dinner here!
4	It was a really nice experience.  Our waitress was wonderful and the steaks were very good.  I ordered the t-bone which I do not normally get so I'll return for the filet.I enjoy these "old school" steak houses that take you back to the 50's and 60's.  You feel like you are on a set for either a gangster movie or Mad Men.  If anything Durant's was lacking some of the nostalgic quirks I've come to love from these sorts of places.  You do go in through the kitchen, the booths are straight from the 60's, you get this little platter of random veggies, and the service is great (completely out of place in 2014!).  But I would love to see the waitress prepare something table side.  I've seen them do the salad or baked potato at a number of places not to mention the dessert.Durant's would be a talked about experience with some of those extra touches, but even without its a throw back gem.
5	Went to Durant's three times and every time is better than the next.The prime rib is spectacular.The best steakhouse in Phoenix.Wonderful filet mignon!And the shrimp cocktail makes my taste buds dance
4	I think if Frank Sinatra had to have a place to hang out and have a good steak, this would be it.  Love the back entrance.  Feels so New York.  Service is always impeccable.  Price is high but so worth it.  I never get anything else but the filet mignon every time.  Reservations are a must. I just wish they would dust more.
5	My steak-loving friend came to town so I suggested we do dinner at Durant's. We went on a Tuesday evening and I was pleased to see that it was still fairly busy when we walked in at 7:30. I love the classic feel of this restaurant - the staff is friendly, super polite, and polished in their bow ties. They were attentive without being overbearing.He had a filet with garlic mashed potatoes and a small wedge salad. He devoured that steak. I had the salmon with mango glaze (nice kick without overpowering the fish) and a baked potato. We ordered a size of lobster mac and cheese for the table that was to die for. We finished off the meal by splitting a slice of cheesecake - so so good!
1	We were here years earlier, shortly after moving to Phoenix to see what it was all about.  Our impression then was so-so, but not worth writing about.  Food was OK, but not good enough to draw us back.   Friday night we attended a birthday for a friend of ours, and while we dine out frequently, including several higher end restaurants (Razz's, Caffe Daniel, Different Point of View and Urban Vine), were a bit taken aback by the steak prices.  My 8 oz. Filet was OK, and thankfully cooked properly at medium rare.  When I requested steak sauce, the server offered A-1 and another major brand of bottled sauce, as well as their own peppercorn sauce.  While I am well aware of rising beef prices - although $55 for an 8 oz. filet seemed on the high side - I was not aware that pepper prices had risen as well.  Sorry, but $4.50 for peppercorn sauce to accompany a $55 steak was outrageous.  It was not any better than the bottled Fresh and Easy brand sauce I use at home.  Other fine steak purveyors in Phoenix provide such accompaniments as part of the entree, which frankly one expects - especially at Durant's prices.  Such nickel and dining of patrons has no place at a fine dining establishment.   Ambience was unchanged from our visit in 2005 - not unpleasant, but quite dated.
2	The atmosphere is opulent 50 style dining. With its crushed red velvet wall paper and dark wood embellished walls the mood is set for a fine dining experience. Not. The service was slow, umMake that snail slow. When my filet mignon finally arrived it was so salty that it could not be consumed. Even though they took it off the bill, I ended up eating just a baked potato and soup. Along with 3 friends our bill was over $200. I've been to many great steak houses across the county, Durante ha seen its prime.
1	Not impressed.  Went a few weeks ago and sat for over 20 minutes with NO service or even someone to order my drinks.  Not to mention, they appeared annoyed when me and my partner went in and didn't have a reservation.  The overall treatment made me feel less than welcome, little did they know I was prepared to indulge myself with a great deal of seafood and drinks.  Too bad for them, we ended up leaving after we had literally no attention at all from anyone.  For those prices, they should be worshipping you as a customer from start to finish.  Couldn't even get a reasonable "hello" from anyone.  My suggestion, stay away.  Donovan's on camelback is a much better option.  Go there, they will treat you like royalty instead of trash.
4	Durant's is full of nostalgia.  There was even a diner at the bar wearing a cowboy hat, which, makes senses given a guidebook wrote that Durant's is the place where business deals are done by old school business men wearing boots and cowboy hats. And entering through the kitchen made me feel like I was in Goodfellas.   Ambiance gets  five for the novelty factor where the food gets a three.  What really makes Durant's worthwhile is that the price of a steak includes a salad or soup and a side and are what you'd pay at a comparable a la carte steakhouse.  In its category Durant's is worthwhile going back to.
2	There are plenty of restaurants with great food or even better food for a fraction of the price. It's just ok... My shrimp on my salad were so overly salted that they cut my tongue. Scallops were great, steak good too... Just not worth the absurd prices.
5	Durants I an excellent steak house! It will take you back in time, as the decor is, what do I want to say, outdated, still well kept. You have to walk into the kitchen to get to the restaurant, what an experience, everyone greets you!  My husband & I have been there several times, please try this restaurant, you want be dissapointed.
3	I noticed a slight decline this time, especially in service. When we arrived, the hostess, Michelle just stared at us and said nothing. I don't like that for the kind of prices you pay here. We had a reservation and were seated right away. Our server was OK, but not on the same level as we had on our last visit. Everything seemed to move in slow motion. Ran out of my beverage before she showed up again to bring a refill. I don't like that either. Server was not bad, just not great. And, at the premium prices, I expect better. I had the 8 oz. filet and scallops ($70) and my wife had the scallops ($42) and a margarita ($10). Food was cooked as ordered and to perfection. I did notice the pre-dinner bread with oil, cheese and kale as well as our Portuguese sausage & potato soup were both on the salty side. Total bill with an overly generous tip was $160. We will probably not return, but look for other venues to get more value for the price.
5	The atmosphere of this place is old mobster & very cozy inside. The food is so good every time I come here. Their jumbo shrimp is so delicious. The bread they serve you in the beginning is soaked in olive oil & a seasoning & is so amazing. This time I got their chicken ricotta & very delicious. The sauce was a little on the heavy side but still delicious. The crab mac & cheese is very good. The steak is always amazing & very great service and food comes out pretty quickly. Bathrooms are very tiny but cute. It's always a treat coming here.
4	A good experience, but seems to have gone down hill in the past few years. I went here for a school dance and it was good, but some members of my group weren't happy with the price they paid. Overall a fun night.
5	Still the best steak in the City. No question.
